Nov 16 2009 	Still a favorite after four years	Since I wrote my initial review for The Ocean Park in 2006 (http://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowUserReviews-g60713-d291227-r5837277-Ocean_Park_Motel-San_Francisco_California.html), I've stayed there for the same event every September, and my delight in the place hasn't diminished a bit. Staying there is one of the highlights of my visit, and something I always look forward to.I recently had the opportunity to visit The Ocean Park in the company of my husband and teenage daughter when we drove up to San Francisco for a concert, which gave me the opportunity to experience more of the motel's amenities (and to see it through the eyes of my family, who had often heard me express my pleasure in the motel), which gives a fresh perspective, so on the advice of my husband, I'm writing another review.I had reserved a room with a queen bed and a twin, but was pleasantly surprised when we arrived to find that we'd been upgraded to one of the motel's small suites, with two queen beds, a full bath, a kitchenette and a dining room. As soon as we stepped into the room, my husband said &quot;wow...I'm impressed!&quot; I have to admit, I was too...I've always stayed in one of the smaller single queen rooms on the courtyard, which are lovely and comfortable, but small...this room was HUGE by motel standards! A small dining area branched off the main/sleeping room, connecting to a nice little kitchen that was better-equipped than any other self-catering accommodation I've stayed in. The bathroom featured a tub as well as a shower, with the deco styling I expect from The Ocean Park. The decor throughout was tasteful and attractive, featuring the diagonal wood paneling that is a hallmark of the motel, set off by soft peach and cream accents.We had plenty of time before we needed to get downtown for our concert, so my daughter immediately set off to enjoy the hot tub (which she says is &quot;really nice!&quot;), while my husband settled down for a nap, and I took the opportunity to read through the hand-outs they give you when you check in. I really wish more hotels/motels did this kind of thing! There was an extensive list of area restaurants, categorized by type, with directions how to get to each (including information on parking and public transit for those that weren't withing walking distance), directions via public transit to major tourist attractions, an area map, and even a suggested city tour using public transit that would hit the major tourist attractions in San Francisco.Speaking of public transit, a lot has been said here about the L-Taraval streetcar, which runs directly in front of The Ocean Park. Yes, it's there, and yes...if you're sensitive to such sounds, it can be noisy (it has never bothered me, even during this most recent stay, when we were in a room right on 46th...and my husband snoozed happily through several passes of the streetcar that afternoon). That said, it only runs until midnight. After that, the L line becomes a regular city bus, which is considerably quieter than the streetcar, and which only comes by a few times during the night. If a bus going by is going to bother you, you're unlikely to be happy in ANY lodging in San Francisco. But, if you are sensitive to sounds like this, and if you plan to be in bed before midnight, you can always request a room near the back of the motel when you make your reservation.We used the streetcar to get into the city center for our concert at The Fillmore, and it only took us 35 minutes to travel from the motel to Powell Street Station (near Union Square and the Cable Car Turntable) at 5 p.m. on a Friday. That's not bad travel time at all in a city of this size. If you're planning on a late night, you may want to make alternate plans for getting back, however. As I said, the streetcar becomes a bus after midnight, which is slower because it runs entirely on surface streets, and it runs much less frequently (about once an hour). In San Francisco, calling 511 will get you info on when and where you can catch it, but it's not a bad idea to have a city cab company's number on your cell phone, just in case you'd rather not wait. That's not going to be an issue, however, unless you're attending a late-night event.The other motel amenity that has gotten mention here is internet access. I do have to say that it can be pretty spotty. My understanding is that the 1930s construction (the very thing that gives the place much of its charm!) is to blame...some of the materials interfere with wireless reception. I've not been able to receive it in the single rooms. In our suite, my daughter was able to get a good connection with no trouble using her regular, full-size laptop, but my netbook just wasn't able to stay connected. The info they give you on check-in does offer suggestions for maximizing your chance of getting a connection, but if it is absolutely essential that you be able to connect to the internet in your motel room during your stay, this might not be the place for you. That said, a coffee place just up the block also has free wireless, so even if you can't get connected in your room, you're not entirely without recourse.What this all comes down to is that, after four years of staying at The Ocean Park, it remains one of my favorite motels in the world (and I've stayed in a lot of motels!). Unless you really need to be right in the middle of the city; or prefer cookie-cutter, plasticized, chain-motel lodgings; this is, in my opinion, the best place to stay on a budget in San Francisco.	
Nov 13 2009 	Fabulous Sunset Discovery	The Ocean Park motel is the best place to stay in the Sunset area of San Francisco without question. Quaint, clean and cozy, the staff went out of their way to accomodate our unique needs and it didn't take long for us to feel like we were staying with family. Some rooms come with kitchens and Noriega Market can supply all the ingredients but we also enjoyed lattes at Java Beach on Sloat and outstanding dinners at Outerlands Cafe on Judah. Public transportation is right there and Ocean beach is a short walk. Golden Gate Park is close by too. Great location, great prices and wonderful owners - we'll be back for sure!	
Nov 13 2009 	Best value in San Francisco	I stayed in this hotel with husband for one night.Rooms:It is hard to beat this motel in terms of value. The hotel rooms are nice and clean - ours was pretty large because that was all that was available on short notice. The bathrooms are on the small side, as this is a historic building. The beds were what you would expect for a motor inn; very clean but not 4-star hotel quality mattresses. The windows are original, so you may here some street noise (our room was toward the back of the hotel).Service: The desk clerk was very friendly, helpful and chatty. He let us know about great places to eat nearby (see below). We only stayed one night, so I can't comment on the quality of the housekeeping. The room was spotless when we arrived. Since this is a motor inn, other service items like a business center, room service, etc. are not provided. On the plus side, having free parking makes all of these short-comings worth it. Hotels in the city center charge an arm and a leg for parking.Location: The motel is located on the L-Taraval MUNI line that goes directly into the city center along Market St. (all the way to the Embarcadero). It is a relatively short walk to the San Francisco Zoo and a medium-length walk to get to the ocean front (bring a sweater!) Some other reviews mentioned the noise from the MUNI line, but I didn't notice. Compared with other cities of similar size, this motel is located in a relatively quiet area. Several blocks away (probably too long to walk) there are a few blocks of cheap, excellent restaurants serving primarily Asian cuisine. Bottom line:The hotel is an outstanding value, located in a relatively quiet residential area of San Francisco. If you have a car, want a low-cost place to stay, and don't mind driving a few minutes to get into the city center, this place is perfect. I probably would advise against staying here without a car - it is a longish ride on public transit to get to the city sights.	
Oct 4 2009 	Wow! What a wonderful motel at a terrific price!	I really enjoyed my stay at the Ocean Park with its charming art deco style and comfortable rooms. It is a taste of the old San Francisco just a block from the beach.. The owners, who manage the motel, could not have been more hospitable. I look forward to staying there on my next trip to San Francisco. Highly recommended.	
Oct 3 2009 	Favorite Hotel In SF	This is my favorite place to stay in SF. The proprietors are wonderfully nice people, and the rooms have met our needs perfectly on the two occasions we've stayed here. We've made use of the small playground they have in the back yard as well as the super close proximity to the ocean and the zoo. For a family, I'd recommend their suites- they have suites with kitchens and without- this time we had a two bedroom suite that worked perfectly for myself and my kids (2.5 years and 4 months). It's affordable, unpretentious, stylish, comfortable, and everything you'd want in a family friendly place to stay. As an added bonus, the L Taraval runs right on the street in front of the motel, so its not difficult to get downtown with public transportation. We really love this place, and are grateful that the proprietors continue to run such a wonderful motel. Thanks!!!	
Sep 16 2009 	What a find!	This is a cool art deco place -- the first motor lodge in San Francisco. It is a great deal, a block from the beach and a block from the zoo. The L-Taraval streetcar leaves from across the street, and it is a fun and easy ride to downtown San Francisco and all the tourist sites. We will definitely stay here again!	
Aug 3 2009 	It's Like Staying at Grandma's House.	We just returned from our two day trip to San Francisco and I must say we really enjoyed staying here! I really loved being able to open a window part way all night and allow the cool coast air to make it easy to sleep deeply. You will hear the L-Street Car run by every so often, but after a few times I found that it was a fitting, pleasant sound that went well with the era. The owners are very cheerful and friendly, as they offered us a fair amount of local information and a bit of history about the motel. The wi-fi is pretty weak and spotty, but I resigned myself to the fact that I shouldn't be on the internet anyway on my vacation! This is a great location to catch the De Young Museum, California Academy of Sciences, Japanese Tea Garden along with some of the best of San Francisco's restaurants all across the &quot;Avenues&quot;.	
Aug 2 2009 	Stay here to see a different side of San Fran...	We stayed here 2 nights on our way home from a long road trip...it was highly ranked on Tripadvisor and was priced reasonably for a suite (with 3 queen beds) in the city (very important to give those car-bound siblings - and their parents - some personal space). I would recommend requesting a room back off the street as the trolley runs regularly right next to the motel, day and night. The location was perfect for our one-day visit to the Science Academy in Golden Gate Park, which was just 4 miles to the north. (We hopped on the bus and transferred to the trolley and were there in about a half hour.) We also got to see parts of SF we wouldn't have gone to if we hadn't been staying in this hotel, but make sure it fits your requirements as it's definitely in a different area (the zoo is very close). I read the reviews, so I didn't expect a fancy place...and found just what I was looking for: an older, extremely well kept art deco-style motel with character. I will agree with the reviewer who said it was a tad awkward to knock on the owners' window when you needed help, but they never did made us feel that way. Surprise...it was quite chilly in the city the day we were there, so the HOT hot tub was the perfect way to end both nights.	
Jul 10 2009 	Lovely Personal Motel	We stayed at the Ocean Park Motel because, as part of our tour of the USA, my mum was visiting and we needed a family suite.The lady who took our call was extremely helpful and pleasant, talking through the various family options. We decided on our room, and being a Monday, she was kind enough to offset some of the San Francisco tax, which is especially high. The result was a bargain.The suite was on the garden side, which I would strongly recommend as the tram runs past on the street side, and included two bedrooms with their own access off the hall, and a communal bathroom. The rooms were very nicely finished, clean, comfortable and homely. There were other options which included a kitchenette and seating area, which would have suited parents with children well, but to reach one bedroom, you have to pass through the other. They'll be very happy to assist you in your choice.In our suite we had a fridge, microwave and coffee making facilities. The owners are always on hand to answer questions and offer advice, and are extremely courteous. They provide a helpful compendium of information on arrival with reccomendations for eating, drinking and sightseeing.There is a communal hot tub in a gorgeous sheltered courtyard area. They only give out two keys, so it's likely you will have it to yourself, as we did. They provide extra towels and the temperature is simmering point!Location wise, the Motel looks a little far out from the centre, but the tram runs from across the street and connects throughout the city. You wouldn't need a car to stay here, but there is parking. The beach is just a short walk, great when the weather plays ball, and there are numerous cafes and restaurants in the immediate area to suit all budgets and tastes. The upside of being a little further from the centre is that the area feels safe and friendly, a family neighbourhood.Overall, the Ocean Park Motel is a great choice for a visit to San Francisco, a personal, homely motel with style, lovely owners and a great range of accomodation. Clean, safe and real value for money. Enjoy.	
Jun 26 2009 	Great value	Ocean park motel lays a bit from SF but the munirail goes direct to centrum. Compare too other hotels in SF its great value for the money. We travelled with 3 children and room was big and plenty of space. Its overall a great pleasuere too stay here, the only thing too say something about is that its not mutch of restaurangs and supermarkets in the neighborhood so you will be needing a car to get around.	
Jun 3 2009 	Loved this motel!	Our son was graduating from SFSU and we chose the Ocean Park as it is about 3 miles to his place and less than that to campus. Lovely grounds and cozy rooms made this a great choice for our SF visit. The muni to downtown goes right by, so you can hop on and be downtown in about 20 minutes. Not luxury accomodations by any means, but clean and a throwback to the old days of lodging. Try it if you have no desire to be in the tourist areas of SF.	
May 22 2009 	Good Choice	Previous review are abs right.A pleasant hotel, with good amenities considering age. I longed for a wireless connection but there is a local internet cafe. It amused me that the motel take great care to warn you that this is a old art-deco motel and therefore dont expect huge rooms with loads of storage and bathroomGood transportation to central SF. My room was noisy due to tram so previous reviews are on the money. Ask for a quieter room on check-in. Good diner 2 blocks away (Bulldog Diner). Handy if you have a car due to easy parking on street, easy acess to airport and highways avoiding the congestion of central SF.	
May 15 2009 	An attractive well-run motel in a suburban location with good light rail access to the city.	The Ocean Park has plenty of charm. We stayed for two nights initially and then another night after our trip to Yosemite. The suburban location near San Francisco Zoo (and the beach) was a good alternative to staying in the CBD. There is good light rail access to the city via the MUNI-L line ($1.50 pp, $2 from Jul 09). The rooms were clean and well-presented and the operators very friendly and helpful. Good off-street parking for cars.Pros - Art Deco charm, much lower cost than a city hotel and a handy location to attractions (if you have a car or are happy to use public transport).Cons - as mentioned by others, the light rail can be rather noisy in the front rooms! Go for a rear room and all will be OK.	
May 10 2009 	Charm service and a slice of nostalgia in one brief stay	We flew in to San Francisco and needed a place to overnight before starting a road trip. The choice was functional airport hotel - plastic and synthetic, expensive city centre - soulless and complicated for parking, or Ocen Park Motel in the Sunset District. This is a genuine slice of San Francisco history, the sort of thing you saw in 1950's Hollywood detective films and none the worse for that. Once I saw it on the web I just had to stay there and I wasn't disappointed. Old doesn't mean bad, it means lovely, nor does it mean shabby, it means contemporary and comfortable. Indeed had it not been for the lack of air conditioning, it would have been perfect, but then when you arrive to record breaking unseasonal temperatures in the 90's, the motel can hardly be blamed; and hey just open a window, thats how they did it back then in the black and white films.This is a one off place, with great service from the owners. Turn your back on plastic and synthetic, and enjoy a simpler more personal experience.Stay here, its marvellous.	
Mar 24 2009 	It's now our favorite place to stay.	This is a charming, affordable, comfortable and friendly place to lodge. It's a quiet place only a few blocks from the zoo and Ocean Beach in a real SF neighborhood. We took the &quot;L&quot; streetcar to and from downtown which was easier than driving. The owners are wonderful people who made us feel very much at home.	
Mar 11 2009 	This place is a gem  right next to the Beach	The owners could not be more accommodating and the service is so friendly. I needed wireless connection and I was not disapointed . The rooms are very clean and the beds are fantastic. I felt so comfortable and secure in this place away from home. It is a real &quot;find&quot; with easy access to SF. In the morning you can stroll over to the coffee shop around the corner and enjoy breakfast.	
Feb 1 2009 	Loved the ambience! Wonderful Management!	Loved the old fashioned feel here- certainly not one of those modern hotels- Where else do you still get a &quot;real&quot; door key??The manager/owner was very helpful and nice- waited up for me to show up late- extremely helpful- very cozy and safe feeling. We live only an hour a way, but hope to be back for a weekend getaway sometime- very convenient for getting to downtown etc.Great Value!	
Oct 26 2008	Fair price and Clean	The title sums it up for me, fair price and extremely clean. Lots of parking, and friendly staff.. nice location near the beach. We'd definitely stay there again.	
Oct 18 2008 	Why would you EVER want to stay downtown again!?!?!	I found this place on Tripadvisor after despairing of the current high cost of downtown accommodations. The Ocean Park is the perfect antidote: affordable, laid-back, uniquely charming, immaculately-kept, and smack-dab adjacent to one of the MUNI Metro lines that takes you directly into the Market Street subway. Furthermore, it's not only handy to San Francisco State Univ. and the airport, but within walking distance of the Zoo and the magnificent Pacific Ocean beach. It's easy to forget that the Ocean Park is 70+ years old. My second-floor room was both spacious and cozy; with a warm-colors decor, a flat-screen TV and an amazingly comfortable bed, a clean, bright black-and-white tiled bathroom and a full walk-in closet. Though it's true that there are only a couple walking-distance diners, there are some wonderful neighborhood resturants, including authentic Chinese, and the unique Bashfull Bull Too a short hop (via driving or trolley) away on Taraval. Being a guest here is like having a special refuge, out by the beach, to which you can retreat after spending a busy day in the city. I've stayed in many many places in San Francisco; from high-end Union Square hotels to independent 50s-era two-story motels. None has given me so much basic satisfaction as the Ocean Park Motel. Oddly enough, I recently found a photo of one of the MUNI trolleys that I'd taken while on a visit to the Zoo in 2000. I've attached it with this review, along with a similar shot from Sept. of 2008. Despite being so close, I missed out on staying at the Ocean Park while on that earlier visit. I know better now.	
Oct 4 2008 	I'm in Love with the Ocean Park Motel	I have been traveling the world for over 30 years. I've stayed in hundreds of hotels and motels, from scary tumble-down wrecks to five-diamond establishments in dozens of countries on four continents. I have never enjoyed a stay anywhere more than the Ocean Park Motel in San Francisco.A 1930's Art-Deco construction, this motel has been lovingly refurbished and updated by the couple who runs it. It is clearly a labor of love. My room in the inner courtyard, which is immaculately groomed, was obviously old construction, but spotlessly clean with everything in working order. The TV was a modern LCD flat-screen with functional remote and a more than adequate selection of cable channels. The bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in, including my own - and that's saying a lot.The price was so reasonable - especially for San Francisco - that I thought I might have been undercharged.Location pros are a two-minute walk to the beach, a streetcar stop just outside the front door, and the San Francisco Zoo just across the street. Cons are a lack of other things to do or places to eat within walking distance - and a streetcar stop just outside the front door (the trolley noise might bother some people, but I didn't even notice it. The hotel thoughtfully provides wax earplugs on your night stand should this be a problem for you.)I plan on staying here again, and again, and again. I would recommend it to anyone who has a taste for something with much more charm and character than the run-of-the-mill paper-maché motel, and who doesn't mind staying in a place that evokes memories of an era tragically long-gone. Brass and glass you won't find, but in exchange you shall have an abundance of warmth and a personal touch that makes it seem much more like a home than a hotel.	
Sep 25 2008 	Very clean and friendly place to stay. Not to mention really affordable $	Very nice and clean place to stay. Especially for families with kids or people that appreciate a quiet and friendly environment. Initially had a hard time locating the place and would appreciate an option to book online. I’m glad we found this site as it was both reasonable and enjoyable. Would stay there again and recommend with comfort.	
Sep 18 2008 	Super Place	My wife and I stayed in the Ocean Park Motel for 8 nights in early September 2008. Our plan was to stay in one place, and go from there to visit central San Francisco by public transport and to spend two or three days touring the Napa Valley and places within easy driving distance from the city by car.We were very pleased that we decided to stay at Ocean Park. We had a room with a kitchen, and the overall cost was US $ 1,232 for 8 nights. (US $ 154 per night) We thought this was a bit expensive, but we did not want to stay in a seedy place, or pay a lot more for a hotel in central San Francisco. With the kitchen facility, it gave us the opportunity to relax, cook, or bring in take-away meals after the day’s sight-seeing, or go out to a restaurant for that matter. This was a saving and a nice flexible feature in itself.Our room was immaculately cleaned every day, and the kitchen had everything one needed: fridge with freezer, gas stove with oven, microwave, cutlery, plates, toaster, coffee maker, cups and glasses, and a table with two chairs.As other people have commented, Ocean Park is at the end of the Muni L streetcar line, and though it takes a half hour or so to get to downtown San Francisco, one can be always assured of getting a seat going, and if you have the time, can board it back at the other end of the line at Embarcadero station and get a seat on the way back, even in the rush hour.We had a rented car as well, and Ocean Park Motel is very conveniently located for travel by car across the Golden Gate Bridge to Napa valley to the north, or to Santa Cruz and beyond to the south, along the ocean-side highways. Most of downtown San Francisco traffic can be avoided.We were first time visitors to San Francisco from Nova Scotia, Canada. We researched Ocean Park Motel through its web site and through Tripadvisor and comments from previous visitors. We knew the price it would cost when we booked, and we were completely satisfied with what we received.Ocean Park Motel is a really nice place to stay.	
Aug 26 2008 	Clean and comfortable with character!	I just dropped my daughter off to begin college at SFSU! We're from San Diego, not at all familiar with the Bay Area, so were a bit overwhelmed at the prospect of figuring where to stay, getting her moved in using public transportation and and still seeing some sights. For the spring SFSU &quot;Sneak Preview&quot; we stayed at the Grant Plaza in Chinatown (after fleeing the terribly located Alpine Inn in Daly City)and loved it, but realized we needed to be closer to the school this time. The Ocean Park Motel was perfect. We got the two-bedroom, three-queen bedroom suite for about $175 per night. Specific instructions are left in the rooms regarding where to eat, how to get there, as well as recommended tours and how to get there all via Muni transport. Muni/bus stops are steps from the motel so not only did we get quickly to and fro from SFSU, but were also easily able to get to the city and up the coast. The room was very clean and comfortable. When the toilet wouldn't stop running, Mark was up to our room immediately and had the problem fixed in minutes. I loved the history of this little place, too, and would definitely recommend it if for whatever reason you want to be out of the bustle of the city. And as far as proximity to SFSU, I'm certain it's the best choice. While the Days Inn is also nearby, it (alas) has no character like this little gem.	
Aug 11 2008 	Ok but not great	We have just returned from staying at the ocean park after reading all the great reviews on this site and I have to admit I was a bit disappointed. Given that it's currently ranked 25th in San Francisco I was expecting good value with a semi-decent location.We were staying for 4 nights and if I've known how long it took to get into the downtown area would have definitely booked something a bit closer. To be in the thick of it (Powell / Market) you're looking at around 40 minutes on the MUNI which gets a bit much day after day - you're supposed to be on holiday after all! If you're driving discount this point as the motel offers easy access to the 280 interstate or 101 if you're going up north. The MUNI that passes the front of the motel is pretty noisy so we had requested a back room which was better, however could still hear it at all hours.The owners/grounds were great , owner very helpful and give you a great map of the area/restaurants/etc. The room itself looked nice, however we had real issues with the bathroom as the shower was extremely tempramental and took a good 5 minutes of fiddling to get a constant temparature - not something you want to do each time you shower. Also the toilet / basin were hardwired into the shower as if you used either it would completely throw the temperature you'd so carefully got right out. The bathroom was also VERY small, basically a walk-in toilet with basin and then an alcove for the shower.Overall not bad but I wouldn't stay there again and would advise anyone looking to spend a few days in San Francisco to do some research into closer motels as the commute in is a bit of a hack (27 stops from embarcadero to SF Zoo stop). As I mentioned the owners are helpful, however you do feel like you're interrupting when you have to bang on the window and they look like they're in the middle of dinner!	
Jul 21 2008 	Loved it! Excellent location!	There were four of us in a two bedroom suite. We had two teens (ages 17), my husband and myself. The boys room had two queen beds and our room had one queen bed. The location was perfect as the bus stop was steps away as well as the trolley line. The boys took advantage of the location was once they learned how to use the trolley they were gone exploring all of the time. One day they even visited the zoo (which again is steps away). They give you tons of information when you check in - I would recommend the Bashful Bull for breakfast and it's only a short trolley ride away (about 10 blocks or so). The rooms were clean and the beds comfortable. It's so close to the ocean (now that we were not impressed with - the beach was not what we're used to seeing) and transportation stops right outside your door! We were away from the heart of the city but close enough! We wouldn't consider staying anywhere else! We loved it!	
Jul 14 2008	Enjoyed the Ocean Park Motel	My daughter, grand daughter and I recently spent the night in San Francisco for my grand daughters orientation at San Francisco State University. we wanted a motel close to the college and had the good fortune to pick the Ocean Park Hotel. Not only is it about 1 mile from the college but it is across the street from the Zoo and about 3 blocks from the beach. The Ocean Park is a older motel but is very clean, well maintained and I found the rate to be reasonable. The owners were very helpful with directions and any questions we had. All in all staying there was a excellent choice and a very good experience.	
Jun 11 2008	Motel price is too expensive	We have stayed at the Ocean Park Motel at least 10 times over the past 15 years. When we first visited, we found it delightful and really good value. Unfortunately our last stay got off to a bad start. The people staying in our room the night before we arrived had a &quot;medical emergency&quot; which meant that they could not check out on time as one of their party was in the hospital, according to the guy at the front desk. We arrived late evening very very tired from a 20 hour journey from Germany, only to find that they did not have room for us and had made a reservation for us at another motel nearby (which was absolutely dreadful and we did not sleep a wink). Now, considering that Ocean Park Motel lives off satisifed vacationers who return every year, and we had stayed there at least 9 times on an annual basis before that, we found this situation most disagreeable. We were given a discount on the room for our remaining stay, but this bad start left a very sour taste for us. In addition, the room prices now are nowhere near as reasonable as they were when we first stayed, so we will probably not be back. I agree with all other comments that the owners are very kind and courteous and that the grounds are well tended, but I always felt awkward when we needed something and had to go and bang on the office window to get attention. Several posters have mentioned the noise from the Muni which can bother you if you are a light sleeper, but we found it very cool that you could hear the foghorn in the Bay. Really romantic.	
Jun 6 2008 	Like being at home	We spent three nigths in ocean park motel, even the original plan was to stay two. Motel staff made a strong impression on us, with a friendly and warm welcome and also we really felt like coming home thanks to the peaceful athmosphere in the middle of busy metropol. The yard of the motel was nice, clean and disciplinely cared. First thing we noticed when entering our room was cleanliness and fresh scent. Room was spacious enough for our family, consisting two adults and our year old son. Thanks to low season, I think, staff made us a favour and upgraded us a room with well equipped kitchen for free. Hotel is located next to the end station of cable car, so transportation to the downtown was quick and easy. Also the beach and SFO Zoo are within short walking distance.Our family spent three weeks driving along west coast of US. We visited several hotels and Ocean Park is the only place wich deserved a comment here(I hardly compose anything to Internet).A very tide motel, friendly an genuine staff and also we enjoyed the true retro spirit . I highly recommend!	
Jun 3 2008 	great 	Loved this place. Absolutely charming art-deco hotel. Owners very friendly and helpful. Rooms were quaint and old-fashioned but extremely clean. Loved the way the renovations were in keeping with the art deco spirit. Beautiful grounds. A block from the beach, although too cold to swim when we were there. Would definitely stay here again.	
May 14 2008 	Pride in Ownership	My husband and I took a two week trip to San Francisco and surrounding areas. We decided to make a reservation here for our first night in town because of the reviews and price. It was kind of a strange experience. When you check in, you go to a window and talk to the owner. The hotel grounds are really well kept and the rooms are very clean. The rooms are rather small for our taste, but if you are looking for a clean, reasonably priced place to stay, this is a good place for you.	
Apr 6 2008 	Perfect Place	We spent 2 weeks in the San Francisco area in March which included 5 nights at the Ocean Park Motel. We are English and had this notion of a typical American family-run motel and I'm pleased to say that it was exactly what we'd hoped for. The motel itself is located in a quiet part of SF but the tram stop is located right across the street so getting to and from the city centre is very easy. The ocean itself is a 5-minute walk and the zoo is a couple of minutes away. We just loved the tranquil atmosphere and the way the rooms looked out onto a beautiful quiet courtyard (see photos!). SF is a typical busy city with lots to see and do, and it was great to be able to come back each night to this lovely peaceful place. You also felt that you were left alone by the staff - sounds strange, but they provided everything you needed and were always there if you wanted advice or had a problem but weren't 'in your face' like some of the other places we stayed.There was plenty of car parking space and it was easy to get to and from the motel by road, but we found it much easier to use the tram to explore the city itself.Our room was clean, spacious and had everything we needed - maybe not the luxuries you'd expect from a more expensive hotel, but we definitely didn't want for anything. even things like irons, hair dryers etc. were provided willingly if you asked.Would definitely stay here again if are ever in SF!	
Apr 3 2008 	second time around very good.	This was our second stay at the Ocean Park. Once again it met our needs perfectly. Street car to get us downtown to see the sights and easy off street parking that allowed us to use our car to get out of town and back easy. It is a very good location for day trips to the north and south. Stayed 5 days with 2 rooms excellent service from all members of the staff. Local places to eat, North Beach Pizza delivers a great pizza in a hurry!	
Apr 2 2008	Charming bit of San Fransico history.	Staying at the Ocean Park was coming back to my California roots. The space was charming and comfy. I love seeing this old gem restored and functional.I felt very comfortable, and had a wonderful sleep the night before a long flight.The owners made sure that all guests were well taken care of. So nice to experience the small town feel in the big city. Being along the coast and close to the airport, can't be beat. Ocean Park is my favorite Bay Area stopover!	
Feb 22 2008 	OK Hotel Nice Location	We stayed at the Ocean Park while visiting our daughter at SFSU. The manager was nice and the hotel is located in a residential area. The rooms are dated but quaint. I guess that's part of the classic art deco feel of the hotel. The Ocean Park is very close to the SF Zoo and Beach. For a good place to eat try the Bashful Bull Restaurant a few blocks walk into the neighborhood (Great Breakfast All Day!). Now for the caveat, if you are a light sleeper beware of the Muni Train which passes right in front of the hotel. Our room was at the front of the hotel and the train made a heck of a racket on a regular basis (I didn't sleep well but my wife did). I can't say how loud the train was for those lucky enough to get a room at the rear of the hotel. Overall, our stay wasn't bad but for $125/night I will probably try another hotel just to compare.	
Feb 16 2008	Retro Motor Motel	This is a cute little motor court motel that is everything motels aren't anymore. The art deco exterior is great and the updated interior are awesome. This is old school and you must have no 'motel' expectations when you check in. This is a charming, friendly, clean and comfy place to stay just a couple of blocks from the beach. Take advantage of the list of ideas for touring, dining, and transportation provided when you check in as well. If we stay in SF again, we will definitely stay here.	
Jan 27 2008 	Nice Place!	This was a great place and a very good choice. It is two blocks from the beach, and across the street from the zoo and the train stop to downdown and all of SF. All of SF's major parks were very nearby and all services within a mile. Great location! The place itself has an immaculate green courtyard and grounds and the unit I stayed in was a one bedroom with a kitchen and very spacious, like a one bedroom apartment. Also the value was excellent, it was the same price as some of the tiny hotel rooms around there but vastly superior in every respect. I'll definately stay there agian when visiting SF. Very nice, friendly owners too. I highly recomment it.	
Jan 17 2008 	Loved Ocean Park Motel	I have stayed in various hotels in San Francisco (all price ranges) and found that Ocean Park Motel was the very best value and we enjoyed the friendly service, great location and easy access, and very convenient (and FREE) onsite parking. I know that the City and accommodations can be very noisy no matter where you are and we found that this location was one of the quietest. I have also had rooms where you could barely move. This was not the case at Ocean Park Motel. Our room and bathroom were spacious (we had an upstairs room with a microwave and queen and twin bed). It was very easy to travel back and forth from our room to visit our daughter who is now living on the SFSU campus. If we wanted, we could have easily walked to the beach or the zoo from the Motel. We plan many more visits and will always stay at Ocean Park Motel, without a doubt.	
Nov 25 2007 	Neighborhood Charm	If you want to stay at a place that is rich in local history where the owners live on the property and the neighbors commute on the streetcar that runs by your door then this is the place for you. A list of favorite neighborhood restaurants and ear plugs are thoughtfully given to you upon check-in along with a map of the city with transit options. Hop a bus to the DeYoung museum then dine on some of the finest crab in SF - all without driving a car on those nerve wracking hills! Helpful local staff provide opportunities for experiences off the beaten tourist path. The rooms are simple and clean. The price/value/experience ratio is great. I stay here whenever I am in SF for an art fair.	
Nov 13 2007 	Quirky and Charming	I like to stay in quirky little places like this. Being the first motel in San Francisco, you can't expect the polish of a franchise hotel, or the super smooth edges of the super expensive places. I like the history. Art Deco/Art Nouveau of this place is really charming. The rooms are a little small and awkward. But the beds were super comfortable! I don't sleep that well on my own bed (mostly because the cat walks on my face). It was very clean inside and out. Please do not include the sidewalks outside the establishment. That is city/county responsibility. The muni on rails can be heard on the street from some rooms, which I thought was romantic. It woke me up but it didn't piss me off. And the neighbor garden with all the gnomes! You can only see this from certain rooms, but boy, what a trip! And come on, they have a hot tub. You can walk to the beach and the zoo. I found the proprietors very kind and polite. I recommend it and would stay here again.	
Oct 26 2007 	Wonderful Fun - Especially for Families	My two small children and I stayed at the Ocean Park Motel in August of this year. What a fun experience! We had a two room unit with a kitchen - and while it was small, it was charming and just fine. There were two queen beds, a tiny 1920s bathroom and a tiny 1920's kitchen (w/apt. range and 3/4 size refrigerator) that was perfect. My children loved that I could sit at the end of the tiny table and reach EVERYTHING in the kitchen while sitting down!I am sorry to read that a few people had bad experiences here - the comment about a lack of an elevator had me laughing however. Any homework on this hotel would have told you that! :-) Most of the rooms were on the ground floor - and the buildings are actually on a &quot;campus&quot; of sorts - some surround a courtyard and are in single story buildings - and some branch off on the same property around the on-site parking and garden area and are two-level buildings.Our unit faced the courtyard which was nice and quiet, and we got a nice breeze when we opened up the kitchen window and the front door. There are even covered parking places (first come first get), although they are old fashioned small carports. If you have a big car, it will be a tight squeeze!They do have a little garden area with a &quot;playground&quot; that is really a simple wood play structure with a swing and slide. And it was just fine for two little kids who occasionally wanted to burn off some energy when I just wanted to sit down.The motel is right on the Muni train line (N-Taraval) and a block from the beach and the SF Zoo. There are many fun neighborhood restaurants nearby and a couple of grocery stores within short driving distance (or take the train to 18th and Taraval). There is a killer gelato place (Marco Polo gelato) around 23rd and Taraval (might be off a few blocks) and it has standard and unusual flavors -- all of which are divine!The owners print up a list of recommended restaurants, close-by things to see and do, and services (laundry!). They are kind and nice, and the place is well kept for its age. If you are looking for a place with character in the Sunset, w/easy access to transportation, and a kitchen -- this is a great value for the money.	
Sep 30 2007 	A charming place! Exceeds expectations	Our room on the courtyard was very small but completely sufficient for two nights. Quirky but safe neighborhood filled with endless varieties of rowhouses; great restaurants along Taraval! Our proprietors have really kept the restored motel in great shape, with a peaceful, low-key feeling (you can hear the ocean and the Muni -- all day and night, but it's pleasant). Easy to check in and out. There are no luxuries except peace and quiet and a clean airy place to use as a base camp, especially if you want to retire each night to someplace other than the bustle of downtown SF. We'll return next year!	
Sep 25 2007	What a dump!!	We use tripadvisor all the time, and I don't recall ever seeing such misleading reviews. This place is really dreadful. Art Deco my eye! More like this makes Super 8 look good! You check in outside through a bullet proof cage, haul your luggage up 2 flights of stairs (no elevatiors, of course), and into a room that you can barely turn around in. The refrigerator and coffee maker (broken) are in the closet (no other room for them), The hotel is right in front of where the trolleys turn around so be prepared not to sleep much -- the noise is awful. Not a glass in the place to brush your teeth, no clock, no hairdryer, no desk for a computer (but not to worry, the wireless didn't work most of the time), no food anywhere (not even a vending machine), etc. Everything in the place was old and smelled musty. That we were charged over $120 a night for such an awful place (our room was an &quot;upgraded one&quot; even) still infuriates me. Plus the location is awful if you want to go anywhere but to the beach.My advice; pay $30 more and stay someplace decent.	
Sep 24 2007 	Great Experience	We had a wonderful stay at the Ocean Park as we kicked off our trip down PCH 1 to Los Angeles. Very friendly and helpful proprietor who has an obvious love for this property. This makes all the difference. In the right hands this is a charmer of a motel. Spotless, lots of character, 2 blocks from the beach. Not located for those who want to roll out of bed into Union Square......but the sites are a short drive or transit route away. Highly recommended.	
Sep 9 2007 	loved the ocean park motel	We just stayed one night at the ocean park before flying back but we really liked it. The guy at the reception was super friendly and provided us with lots of useful information ( map, history of the motel and recommendations for restaurants etc ).The Art Deco style of the motel is great, the courtyard fantastic. The room was nicely decorated and very clean.The location 2 streets off the beach and the zoo is not very central but you have easy access to public transport which gets you downtown in about 30 mins. If you come by car there is free parking. Very safe area and you can hear the ocean from your room.The motel does not provide breakfast but there are a few cafés and a deli in walking distance.	
Aug 31 2007 	Out of the ordinary	We spent part of our visit to SF in the main part of the city, and part at the Ocean Park Motel based on the reviews it received, and our desire to have a unique experience.The Ocean Park is a great motel for the right kind of folks. The art deco style and beautiful courtyard are refreshing in an age of cookie cutter motels. We had two rooms, which provided plenty of space for our family of five. The owners of the motel are friendly and provide plenty of useful information on check-in.We loved being a couple blocks from the ocean. We could run on the beach after a day of sightseeing or collect sand dollars and watch the sunset. The zoo was about a block away -- we could hear the monkeys in the morning. The motel is located in a neighborhood, which we enjoyed. There was no air conditioning, but the windows opened -- very refreshing.The first stop on the L line was across the street, so it was easy to get into the city. It took us about a half hour to get to Market and Powell, but we enjoyed the trip.Our only issue was with towels -- housekeeping never left enough for five people, so we had to retrieve more from the office. On the last day, they were out of towels.Other than the towels, we had an absolutely lovely visit..	
Jul 9 2007	Great Stay!	The Ocean Park is a great place to stay. I stayed a week in room #5. I was by myself. I felt safe and comfortable. The staff was friendly and helpful. Parking off street is provided but the spaces may be small. I loved being two blocks from the ocean and less from public transport. The hotel has free wifi, not all the rooms have good reception.This is a great place but not fancy. I would stay anytime.	
May 22 2007 	Great Art Deco Experience	This hotel was a delight to stay at! I had read the reviews on Trip Advisor and decided my boyfriend and I would stay for 2 nights. The owners and staff were very friendly and always willing to help out with questions and accomodations. The hot tub was amazing - definitely a treat after a long day! The one thing to know is that this hotel is not in central SF -- it is on the coast and a bit of a ways out. I think it would have been a little more difficult to stay here without a car. But if you have one, definitely make this your hotel! We ended up staying two nights in central SF and then 2 nights here to get a balance...it worked out so well and I am glad Ocean Park was a part of our stay.	
Sep 25 2006 	A real treat!	I stayed at the Ocean Park recently while I was attending an Irish language immersion weekend at the nearby United Irish Cultural Center. I was originally drawn to the motel primarily by the fact that it is right on the L-Taraval street car line, and very to near my destination, as I'd thought I'd need to use public transit (as it happened I ended up driving). The minute I walked into the beautiful courtyard, however, I fell under the spell of this charming Art Deco jewel. It's so very clear that the owners take pride in this place and want their guests to enjoy their stay. My room, which was a single queen on the courtyard, was absolutely charming, with striking diagonal wooden paneling on one wall and real Deco touches throughout. The little basket of quality toiletries in the bathroom was a nice touch that one doesn't often see in motels these days! The bed had a cozy pillow-top mattress, and the most wonderful, soft sheets! And I must add that everything was scrupulously clean. I still can't quite believe that I got such a nice room for only $84 in San Francisco on a weekend! About the only potential downside I could see (which doesn't bother me, but might some people) is the sound of the streetcar going by at night, but it's really not loud, and it doesn't run all night.The location...just blocks from the zoo, and the beach and right on a streetcar line that goes to downtown San Francisco, is really nice for people who want to relax out of the hustle and bustle of the central area (but who still want to be able to get to downtown and other tourist attractions). It's also very easy to drive to without getting tangled in city traffic, which is a real plus for me! I will definitely plan to stay at the Ocean Park for the same event next year, and I highly recommend it to anyone who's looking for a really pleasant stay in San Francisco.	
Sep 11 2006 	A Hidden Gem	I put my parents up here last time they came to visit, and they couldn't say enough good things about it.I wanted them to experience a different San Francisco, since they had previously stayed in the Union Square/Tenderloin district. They loved the quiet, residential neighborhood and the Ocean Park owners. They loved being able to go for early morning walks on the beach just two blocks away.I stayed one night with my parents in the small but very clean room. In the moonlight, the courtyard and gardens had a magical quality - no kidding! I would recommend this motel to anyone. It's a real treat!	
Jul 24 2006	Everything about this place was perfect	Everything about this place was excellent, beyond reproach. The rooms were very clean and the property in general was superbly kept. The gardens and the courtyard were a haven in and of themselves, not to mention the price was very affordable and if you walked two blocks then you are at one of the greatest beaches around, nice surfing, not heavily populated or over-ridden with tourists and the L train is right across the street, giving you almost instant access to the city. We were lucky enough to get this place recommended to us by a close friend who knows the city well (bike messenger/ups employee) and I don't think we'll ever stay anywhere else. This made my stay even more pleasant than it could have already been in what I now consider to be one of the most beautiful cities in america. Thank god places like this still do really exist.	
Mar 18 2006	Just fine for our needs	I bring my family to SF once a year for our Memorial Day weekend San Francisco Zoo trip. Stayed here for 2 nights- very quaint &quot;old school&quot; type rooms, clean and relatively quiet. Corner store around the corner, supermarket shopping plaza about 5 minutes drive up the road, pizza place (decent pizza) and diner (great breakfasts) nearby.The price was comparable to any other lodging in the area, the rooms were safe and clean (big plus when you are concerned about your kids), and staff friendly. The Zoo and beach are a short walk away also. Nice little place for a family weekend getaway.	
Aug 28 2005	Home Away from Home	We found Ocean Park Motel by accident while looking for a place to stay while visiting our two daughters who are students at San Francisco State. Fell in love with the decor, the ambiance, cleanliness and location. The units with kitchens are &quot;retro&quot; and an added bonus! Owners are very gracious and caring. We stay at Ocean Park only now when in S.F.	
Jun 24 2005	Very nice near SFSU	There is little to choose from in this area of San Francisco, and we were pleasantly surprised to find this charming motel! We shared a suite with family members, and the rooms were small but more than adequate, with a small fridge and microwave, and a coffeemaker. The decor was very nice and the motel was clean. The art deco architecture is unique, and its very close to public transit lines and only 2 blocks from the beach. If you're not looking for anything fancy, I highly recommend this quiet lovely motel. The back garden is very relaxing. However--beware of neighbors sunbathing nude--we got quite a surprise looking out our window one morning!	
Oct 30 2004	Great for the price	It's been a while since I've been there, but I remember it being a very nice place. It's a few blocks from the long long beach, and a few blocks from the zoo. Just hop on the Muni and your downtown in half an hour. The hotel is designed beautifully in an art deco style, and has an inner courtyard with a hot tub. The rooms are clean but bland. If I were ever in San Francisco again, I would definetly stay here.	
Sep 21 2004	Beach more relaxing than Wharf!	The location near the ocean beats the Wharf anyday! The garages protect your car from the salt air. Ocean Park is close to the Cliff House for a nice dinner overlooking the Pacific at sunset. Take your coffee and go for a walk on the beach--no better way to spend the early morning! Best sand dollar beach I've ever experienced!The rooms aren't fancy by any means--almost rustic--but the floor heating and almost-cabin look add to the charm and overall relaxing atmosphere. The secluded hot tub beneath the stars at night is a jewel! Great location for going to the zoo and right by the bus and trolley routes. We stayed at Ocean Park when I had a conference downtown--the drive was easy and parking at the convention was easier and cheaper than I expected. I was away from all the downtown big city experience. I had a convention on the beach and everyone else went to another big city!	
