Oct 30 2009 	The most friendly and helpfull staff ever	The location is great 15 minute walk to fisherman's wharf. The room was clean large, and quiet, with a great view of the Golden Gate Bridge, The staff at the front desk is very friendly and went out of their way to help us with the best directions to which ever location we decided to visit. We originally planned to stay 3 nights but decided to stay a fourth night. I would recommend this Travel Lodge to anyone. Oh and the rooms are very reasonable, especially if you consider the location .	
Oct 29 2009 	awesome!	We had reservations for 3 nights and ended up staying 4. The location was perfect, the rooms were VERY CLEAN, Quiet, comfortable and the staff was extremely helpful and pleasent! I would recommend this to anyone! It was a wonderful trip and great place to stay. I am planning on going back next year!	
Sep 5 2009 	Very noisy and rooms are tiny	Hotel is located on Lombard street which is a very busy SIX lane street directly off the Golden Gate Bridge. Traffic from early morning until late at night especially on weekends. Noise would not be so bad if rooms were better insulated but they are not. Had to put cotton balls in my ears to be able to sleep--was too tired to enjoy the city the next day. Rooms are TINY. I picked the room because it had two queen size beds--but the room barely had space to fit them. With family of four in the room it was tight. With all that said, rooms are clean and they've made an effort to update them. The hotel is in Marina district with lots of good places to eat, within walking distance to Presidio. May be good hotel for young stay-up-late adults on a budget	
Aug 16 2009 	Good location helpful staff but on a busy road.	We stayed here in August after reading reviews on Tripadvisor. We were very pleased with location, just behind Chestnut Street, a &quot;cosmopolitan and trendy&quot; area with plenty of restaurants to choose from. The Marina district was lovely to wander through, very interesting houses. Make sure to walk to the Museum of Fine Arts and the Marina to get a good view of Golden Gate bridge and the city.On a bus route and easy to get into centre.Rooms were clean with plenty of room and staff were friendly and helpful. The only down side was the noise from Lombard Street so ask to have a room furthest away from traffic noise.	
Aug 6 2009 	Good base for San Francisco	Stayed here in two rooms with family of 5 for two nights. From the outside the hotel looks run down but rooms were well decorated and clean. Free parking was a bonus. Reception staff were really helpful, telling us about the buses and where to go. Just off the main road but with ac on we did not notice it. Easy drive to Golden gate bridge and used MUNI buses rest of the time. Dead easy to get into and out of town. Lots of place to eat around the hotel. We went to Mels for Breakfast which was a very american start to the holiday. Tried the pizza place next door Amicis for dinner which had great pizzas. Went on tram up the hill one morning, best to get there early and avoid the queues and get MUNI one day pas good for trams and buses. Great base for SF, helpful staff and good value.	
Jul 20 2009 	Excellent value	Stayed for three night during 4th of July week-end and was happy with our choice of hotel. The hotel is very basic, but free parking, free Internet and an excellent location at a reasonable price makes this an excellent choice.	
Jul 13 2009 	Small but handy place to stay.....fairly reasonable price too	We stayed here during our trip to California/Nevada this year. First impressions are that it's small - parking is very tight - but the reception staff are so friendly which more than compensates for this. Facilities in room = small fridge, microwave, TV, coffee maker, iron with board, wireless internet (quite good), a/c unit Facilties outside room = bus stop just around corner, free parking......we left the car there during our entire stay, lots of eating/drinking places nearby. Good points = friendly and informative staff, free parkingBad points = creaky flooring, bad location of a/c unit ( we held the curtains back with a pair of sneakers otherwise the a/c unit would blow cool air behind the curtains and straight up the back of the window, also free-standing ashtray outside our door so people would congregate there to smoke and the smell came into our room - I did ask the reception staff if this could be moved but when no-one came after 24 hours I moved it myself. Would I stay there again? Yes, it was really handy for the bus into the city and also there was lots going on in the area if you wanted to stay local.	
May 18 2009 	GREAT LOCATION FOR THE AREA'S TOURISTS FORGET TO VISIT!	Being from the Midwest and knowing the Chicago area, this location so reminds me of Rush and Division streets! Everything is within walking distance. Night clubs, restaurants, pubs, fast food and aaahhhhh, Ace Wasabi's Rock and Roll Sushi! It's just one of those areas that so many people don't get to enjoy because they're in a Fisherman’s Wharf high rise hotel. Unfortunately they don't get to meander through this great part of town and really enjoy the non-commercial areas of the city!As mentioned in earlier reviews parking is tight but we had a premium size vehicle and really had no problem. The walk ways on the upper floors are a little pitched and worn but the room was clean and we were fortunate to have a totally remodeled bathroom. Who cares there isn't a continental breakfast? All we really did was park (FREE), showered and got dressed, spent the night on the town and were up and out the next morning. A totally delightful evening! See, we didn’t have to stay here…. We wanted to and made for a much better time in the city for a night and day!	
Apr 6 2009 	Good for the price	I booked this hotel for one night during my recent holiday.When I checked in, the staff were extremely helpful. It was a cheap hotel and you got what you paid for. The room was as expected, basic but adequate. Internet access and parking were free which was great. There is also a bus stop around the corner which is very handy.The only downside of this hotel was that you could hear lots of road noise from our room.	
Mar 28 2009 	Very good value	We stayed here at the end of our trip through California, before flying home. Great value, with lots of good places to eat nearby. Room was well equiped with fridge, microwave and cable TV. One thing I would say is that the hotel is on a very busy road, so if you are sensitive to noise be aware. We had a room tucked away in the corner and could still hear the traffic. Transport links are good, with buses nearby to take you downtown.	
Mar 15 2009 	great for money saver	I tried staying across the street but that motel wouldnt let me due to my credit card not approving for their amount requested. I went across the street the price was $20+ lowerthe room was real clean ( more than expected) . I thought my bed was hard and lumpy but the pillows made up for it. It was quiet worth the 79.99 I paid (No Discounts).The location is convient and the staff was courtesy towards me. There was a continental breakfast but I did not indulge.The heater worked excellent !!!	
Mar 11 2009 	Well worth the price.	For the price of the room, I find it's probably a pretty good deal. No real frills and upscale luxury, but as a person traveling alone and just needing a bed at night, it did the job wonderfully. The bed was actually really comfortable too. The room had a mini-fridge, hair dryer (although I didn't use it), and a coffee maker which I thought was pretty awesome. The bathroom seemed like it was recently re-done and was VERY clean. The hotel offered free internet access and cable. My only complaint is that my room didn't have a &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign and I was woken up a few times by room service, but I'm sure I could've spoken with the front desk about it, but it didn't bother me too much. The location of the place is good too. Walking distance to Russian Hill, the Wharf, Alamo Square, Palace of Fine Arts, etc. I'm going back to SF in May and I might just stay here again.	
Feb 26 2009 	Perfect for the Price	Pretty much everyone else has summed this motel up perfectly. After scouring the net for places along Lombard (we'd stayed there earlier in the year) we found this place and we were pleasantly surprised when we opened the door to this room. Clean bathroom, nice big mirror and v. large king size bed. Good tea/coffee making facilities and fridge which you don't find in budget accommodation usually in our experience. Service was good, the guy behind the counter let us store our bags for a few hours free of charge on our last day before our cab ride to the airport. Great location for attractions, and Chestnut St. is a great spot for food and shopping (the Sushi place down the street was particularly rad). Good free wireless internet too, which is a great luxury that you appreciate when coming from 8 euros an hour internet in Europe. Overall, you can't beat the price and relative luxury and value for money that this place affords for the same place as some dives down the same street. Book with confidence.	
Feb 3 2009 	Perfectly Adequate	First, let me be clear that the four stars I'm giving the Travelodge Golden Gate is for an above average experience as compared to similar motels. As compared to those motels alone, this is probably excellent, but I feel like five stars is sort of a lot for a budget motel.For what it is, this motel is great. It's not as centrally located as the cheap Union Square places, but the neighborhood is a little less touristy. Chestnut Street and Union Street, both close to the Lombard Street location, are packed with bars, restaurants, and places to shop. There is excellent bus service, as well (the #22 that goes up Fillmore St; the #30, I think it is, that goes down Chestnut to North Beach and downtown; and another one that we took that went down Lombard and to Haight-Ashbury).The room was very clean, and made up every day. We were on the first floor, one room away from Lombard Street, which is a very busy street. So, it's not quiet. But, if you've lived in a city, it's not unbearably loud, either. I don't usually stay in motels, and for me, at least, it was sort of weird to have cars pull up and park in front of my hotel window.But, all in all, especially for the price, this motel was GREAT.	
Jan 8 2009 	Clean rooms	We stay at this motel for a few days. The rooms were comfortable, we had two double beds, alarm clock, a bathroom with a tub, a mini kitchen area which consisted of a sink, coffee maker + coffee packets, microwave, and a mini bar fridge.You can book transportation to the airport at the front desk with a couple days notice. The front desk clerks with very friendly and willing to provide you with any information you needed to know. Jay was a really friendly guy. This motel was in walking distance to the piers, it wasn't a short 5 minute walk but it wasn't too extreme. Probably a 20 minute walk. There are buses close by that will take you to the downtown area and the piers as well. A taxi to pier 39 was between $10 and $15.It's located close to a little restaurant called Marina's pizza which is worth checking out.It was probably a 15 minute walk up to the crookedest street. It was a difficult walk as the last two or three blocks was straight uphill. The front desk told us that there were no buses that could take you there but once we got to the bottom of the street we noticed that there was public transportation. I would recommed finding your way to the bottom and taking the staircase to the top of the street.	
Dec 9 2008 	Wonderful experience!! Good location and good price.	We stayed at the Travelodge Golden Gate Dec. 3-8th, 2008. I was traveling with my two grown kids and my son's girlfriend. The location was safe and close to many things. We hopped the Muni around the corner to go anywhere in the city. (Get a MUNI pass and schedule and you can go anywhere). Chestnut street around the corner is full of shops, good eating places, coffee shops, donuts, Johnny Rockets, Italian Deli, Walgreen for anything you need. We ate at Mel's Diner on Lombard (wonderful homemade chicken soup and sandwiches) and the Homeplate serves dinomite breakfast! The hotel served our needs as a comfortable convenient, clean and safe place to stay. The linens were clean and the service was great. We even had free parking for the one day we rented a car. The room near the street is a bit noisy but we had the fan on as the temperature was warm and we slept very well. We were not bothered by any other sounds and the hotel was full on Saturday night. I would stay here again for the price, cleanliness, location. We were very satisfied! Recommended!!! There are stairs to the upper floors so if traveling with elderly I would get a room on the ground floor. Did not see an elevator.	
Sep 27 2008 	Great place great location great rate!	Having never been to San Francisco, not quite sure what we were in for when we booked this hotel. However, thanks to this great Trip Advisor website, I left it up to all of you! Thank you. It is about 25 minutes from the airport, and located almost in the middle of Fisherman's Wharf and the Golden Gate Bridge. It's a short 10-minute bus ride to either of the locations, with dependable public transportation being right on the corner! About a 10-minute walk into the breathtaking Pacific Heights and almost walking distance or public transportation to anywhere you want to go, including numerous restaurants, bars and shops within a stone's throw! Right across the street from Mel's Diner and don't miss breakfast at the &quot;Home Plate&quot; a few doors down from the Travelodge. A supberb breakfast for low dollars!! Rooms are clean, and helpfulness of Jay at the front desk is invaluable! You could not ask for a more personable individual to help you during your stay. He will book your trip tours right at the hotel. If traffic noise bothers you, then ask for a room away from the street. This is a super great place to stay!	
Sep 14 2008 	Nice Location	Family of five from the UK touring California. I have to say that when I first saw this hotel my jaw dropped and thought I should have booked elsewhere. However, having got parked (quite a tight carpark) and got into our rooms I was surprised that they were as clean as they were and were quite spacious.The hotel is quite conveniently situated and offered free parking, which when I was looking for a hotel seemed to be fairly unusual and this was the reason I booked it.No problem with the hotel staff and the rooms were kept clean and although appearing to be small, we never had a problem parking our vehicle there.We spent from first thing in the morning to last thing at night out and about and only needed a room to crash out in and for our requirements it was more than adequate. What I have found in reading reviews is that I discard the raving reports and also the worst ones and you tend to get a good idea.I would use this place again.	
May 18 2008 	Nice stay...	Tiny room room but makes the most of a small space. Somehow they manage to get a refrigirator, microwave, and desk in the room all while leaving you space to turn around. A bus stop just around the corner makes it easy to get around. The front desk was friendly and helpful.	
Nov 6 2007	great value for money good area	Me and 4 friends stayed in this motel for a few nights in October and were very pleased with the value for money.The motel is indeed on Lombard Street, which is in fact a section of the 101, but as we had rooms away from the street we didn't have any trouble with the noise. The rooms themselves were pretty much the same as any motel room we saw during our round trip, nothing exceptional but very adequate.The biggest plus is the area, it's in a nice little neighbourhood with shops and some excellent dining right around the corner! We particularly enjoyed 'Barneys' with its 'gourmet burgers'. It's not downtown, but a short busride has you in the heart of Chinatown in no time.	
Oct 12 2007 	Great location motel	We stayed here for 2 weeks during June/July 2007.After reading some dubious reviews on here we were a bit worried but the price made sense so we went with it - and I'm so glad we did.Its in a great location for tourists wanting to explore San Francisco. Its on loads of bus routes (if you can understand the complicated Muni map lol) and its also on a main road which is great if you have a car. Within walking distance are loads of places to eat including the famous Mels Diner literally across the street and iHop too - both great places for breakfast.The reception staff are friendly and were helpful when we needed help/ advice.On to the rooms. During our first week we were on the 2nd floor in a lovely spacious room with 2 beds. Colour tv and free wireless broadband. Room was cleaned every day (and being two girls exploring the city all day and just dumping stuff in the room when we got home we were pretty messy).We had a fridge in our room and the aircon worked like a dream.We went down the coast for a few days then came back to this motel and stayed on the ground floor in a smaller room but still ok. The only downside to this room was hearing people talking by their cars and walking past your windows etc but still not really a problem.I wouldn't hesitate recommending this motel to anyone -in fact we might be going back next year!	
Jun 26 2007 	Worst Hotel I have ever stayed in	I have travelled all over the world, spent hundreds of nights in hotels and this was the worst night I have ever spent in a hotel.The room was a cave. Cold, drafty(had to put towels under the door). The bed was lumpy. The towels were so thin you could see them and weren't much bigger than a Hand Towel. The blankets were barely thicker. The pillows here about as thick as a thick crust pizza.You could hear the street traffic. Anyone walking on the walkway outside and the person above us.The only escape was the TV and the picture was horrible.I figured the name &quot;Travelodge&quot; would mean a better place to stay.	
Jun 6 2007 	Terrible and the Rudest people work here!	my parents and family stayed here the week prior to Memorial weekend. They booked 3 rooms for 10 people which is reasonable. the hotel manager and owner yelled at my mom for asking a spare key since the key they gave her was not working! he then proceeded to tell her that there are too many of pp staying in 1 room! is 3 too many?!?! maybe 5-6 in a room but 3 is reasonable! plus they booked 3 rooms, giving this guy business earlier in the week.. he then insulted my aunt and kicked them out of his hotel for fear of them breaking his hotel property.. are you kidding?! my family is made up of professionals, nurses, CPA's and will never do anything like this!he must have seen us and saw burglars and criminals! a hotel owner has no place to do that to his guests.. what happened to the customer is right? and hospitality?!? this hotel has neither.. it's really disgusting how they treated my family the week of my sister's wedding.. if i were you i would bring my business elsewhere.. this hotel does not know guest hospitality!!!	
May 7 2007 	OK for the price if you get a room away from the street.	I had a hard time finding a decent place downtown that would allow pets for under $125 a night. This place was the best compromise under $100. It is in a nice middle class neighborhood but is on one of the busiest surface streets in the city so there is a lot of road noise. The top floor rooms have a vaulted ceiling which is nice and the rooms were old but clean. This is an older motel. Having just left a Carmel B&amp;B that was not much more expensive than this motel, it seemed expensive for what you got. It is convenient to most of the tourist attractions and there are several decent restaurants within walking distance. The staff was very friendly and helpful.	
Apr 14 2007 	Good and bad aspects	Good points.- Was in good price range. Around $65/night which was great compared to the $100/night in the area.- Staff were very helpful and really friendly. -Located in great area for restaurants. Was also in walking distance from palace of fine arts, exploratoriam and even the golden gate bridge if you walk along the promenade. Also plenty of excellent bus routes around.-Has a shuttle which costs $15/person to the airport (though we ended up not using it and using the MUNI/BART system instead)-Pretty comfortable bed - I slept REALLY well.-The soap they provide smells lovely!-Was generally clean (the bathroom and bedroom area was kept in a good state of cleanliness).Bad points-Areas of grubbiness around the room (see pic of door) despite the basic aspects like the bathroom suite etc being perfectly clean. -Noisy (seems a common complaint of hotels in san fran!). Could hear cars, and people outside, upstairs and all around. To be fair this didn't actually bother us as we slept VERY well but we were tired every day and not the lightest of sleepers!-Not the nicest looking place on Lombard. The cow hollow motel looked much more inviting from the exterior as did a few others.Summary. Despite this place's generally good points the stains on the door and some of the other walls really put us off (they just made the room seem a bit dodgy) and we made an effort to spend as little time there as possible. Still, the same thing could have happened at a more expensive hotel so we were ok with it at the time. You pays yer money...	
Jan 14 2007 	a real find	Stayed twice in Nov. for a total of 6 nights. Stayed in room 208. Room was very large, clean and newly appointed. Could not fault other that guest upstairs one night were a bit loud. Not a sound from the street. Great number of places to eat nearby. Lobby staff pleasant and helpful. Great location with number 30 bus running nearby on Chestnut street which goes everywhere. Had a different place booked to stay for our second stay but changed so we could stay here again. Motel does not look like much from the outside but rooms are great. I nevere saw the car park full during our stay, in San Fran you can spend as much on parking as you do on your room. Great value for money and will stay there again later this year. Tu Lan resturant on 6th and Market is a great place to eat.	
Dec 30 2006 	very disappointing	My boyfriend and i were driving around and saw Travelodge and decided to stay there as we stayed in one before and it was okay for the price. As soon as we walked in, the none of the lights would turn on except for the bathroom, and we called to ask the maintainence guy to come up to fix it. They were only able to fix one of the lights. The room just looks really crappy. The ceiling looks like it has a lot of molds and cracked paint. T.V. wasn't even plugged and you would have to push a huge table to plug it in. Bed sheets looked and felt &quot;dirty&quot;, which was really disgusting. Limited parking and plus we had to pay. That was really stupid because I paid for parking for the whole night and there wasn't any parking for us when we came back late at night. We were really disappointed with the hotel overall and would not stay there ever again.	
Dec 28 2006 	Somewhat disappointing	We stayed at the Travelodge Golden Gate three nights (Thurs-Sun) in early December. Initially, I was mildly optimistic that we would have a good stay here. However, I left feeling disappointed and a bit cranky after three nights of broken sleep.The Good:1.) Good location. Easy to find, within walking distance of an IHOP, near some nice shops, pubs, and eateries (just walk one block north to Chestnut St.), near the Palace of Fine Arts/the Exploratorium. 2.) Fairly up-to-date decor with some amenities (TV, microwave).3.) Includes parking. (Parking can be hard to find/expensive in San Francisco.)4.) Friendly staff.5.) Reasonable price, when taking into account the going rate for accommodations in San Francisco. The Bad:1.) The noise. The walls are thin. You will hear traffic from Lombard Street all night long, which earplugs may help block out. However, my earplugs were not able to block out the loud men in a room next to ours who shouted and guffawed from midnight to 2:30 am one night, nor the people who decided it would be fun to repeatedly pound on the walls of their room at midnight another night. Being a courtyard-style motel, and within walking distance of pubs, you will hear people coming and going into the early hours of the night, banging the heavy outside doors to their rooms. I am usually a sound sleeper, but all this noise was enough to break up my sleep and keep me awake for long stretches. 2.) Uncomfortable beds and pillows. I found the beds too soft and lacking in support, which is typical of motels, and which might not have bothered me so much if I wasn't lying awake because of the noise. 3.) Even though this is a non-smoking property, someone in a room near ours lit up a few times, and the smoke quickly infiltrated our room each time. 4.) The parking seemed to be on a first-come, first-served basis. Although we always had a spot, there didn't seem to be enough spots to go around for everybody. Also, the stalls are narrow, so you will have to jockey your vehicle back and forth to fit. 5.) While the room seemed to be clean, for the most part, the shower curtain needed replacing as it was mildewy. The exterior of the building definitely needs sprucing up. 6.) Even though the staff is friendly, they were not willing to compensate us in any way for the three nights of broken sleep. They also do not seem to project an authoritative enough demeanor, hence I think many of their clients realize they can get away with disrespectful behaviour (noise late at night, smoking in rooms, etc.). Despite this motel's good points, I wouldn't stay here again. When you only have a few days to explore the city, you need a good night's sleep to make the most of your days. I might try Cow Hollow next time, which is just up the street from this motel.	
Nov 19 2006 	Excellent value for the money!	We stayed here for 4 nights in November 2006 and there wasn't really much to complain about! The location is really perfect, they even provide parking space (24h parking can cost over 20$US in San Francisco!). It can be a bit loud from the street traffic, but it's a Motel afterall...The girls at the front desk didn't know where to find an internet cafe (I didn't have a laptop on me), that would be the only possible, minor complaint :-)(You can find internet connected computers at the FedEx Centre a few blocks up Fillmore Street. If you go further up this street, there is a nice cafe with a few terminals, that's even cheaper and nicer!)	
Oct 12 2006 	Great hotel had everything I wanted!	I stayed here from 2 October, till October 9 2006 and what a wonderful stay it was!Let me start by saying what I want from a hotel. All I care about is having a clean room, with a clean bed and a clean private bathroom. I don't care if I can receive a zillion channels on the TV, if there is a jacuzzi, if the hotel has a fitness room or a pool. All I need is a clean room where I can sleep and take a hot shower. And that's exactly what I got at this hotel.When I first arrived the first thing that popped into my head were images of those American (road)movies, with motels along the highway in the middle of nowhere. Okay, not that the hotel was in the middle of nowhere, it was smack in the middle (sort of) of Lombard Street (between cross streets Pierce and Steiner ). But hey, it was my first time in the United States =)Anyway, at the reception I was greeted by a very friendly man, who needed little time to get things ready for me and handed me some flyers of the city. I stayed in room 104, which is on the ground floor, to the left back when you have the street in your back. I was pleasantly surprised when I entered my room for the first time. For some the room and bathroom might have been small, but for me it was just perfect. A spacious kingsize bed (JUST FOR ME!! WOOHOO!!), A decent good-sized TV with about 60 channels or so, though way too many commercials all the time compared to The Netherlands. The sink was in the room itself and the bathroom was separate of course, where also the toilet was. I had a shower/tub combination but showered most of the time (saves time to do sight seeing =)). On my sink I had a coffeemaker, which I never used by the way, I ain't much of a coffee drinker, though Starbucks is kind of nice (first time too). Also had a hairdryer, which I also never used, but I assume both of the things would've worked fine. I had 4 towels and 2 washing cloths, which would be replaced every morning if needed be. Also had your usual complimentary cups, soaps etc, I used one facial soapbar, but that wasn't replaced at all. Not that it mattered to me, why waste a perfectly good bar of soap, just noticed it, since other (European) hotels do replace them after usage. The fact that I had FREE WIRELESS internet was fantastic, that way I could use my laptop to stay in touch with my friends and family. Sending them e-mails on what they were missing gnagnagna &gt;=)What else...uuhmm...well they make the bed too every morning, but they don't change the sheets, they only do that when a guest checks out, then they change it for the next guest. That might be an issue for some, but again, not for me. I showered every day, so I had no trouble with crawling to bed every night. Oh yeah, the door to the outside doesn't keep out the draft, which can make it chilly in the room, but that's where the good old airconditioning comes in, a big piece of equipment next to the bed, that keeps the temperature the way you want it to be. The only &quot;real&quot; problem I can think of is the fact that the rooms are fairly close to the street, and because the door doesn't keep out the draft and noise and the rooms only have a single pane of glass, the traffic noise might be a problem too. Again, I never really had any trouble with it, but light sleepers might not like it. I did hear a fire engine drive by one night which woke me up, but that was all really.&quot;Is there space to leave your clothes?&quot; Well, there are 3 fairly big drawers under the TV for clothes, and you can hang quite a few shirts near the sink. I had about 6-8 hangers I think in my room. &quot;What about plugs?&quot; You've got 2 wallplugs near the desk and 4 at the sink, of which 2 are used for the dryer and coffeemaker. Maybe not very convenient and not enough if you have a lot of gear that needs to be plugged in everyday, but again, something that didn't bother me at all in that week.All in all, I had a great stay at this hotel. All I wanted, I got it here! Oh yeah, the hotel doesn't serve breakfast, but there are plenty of cafes and restaurants around the hotel where you can get a decent breakfast/lunch/dinner. And the city is very accesible from the hotel. You can take bus number 28 or 30, and with these two lines you can get pretty much everywhere, of course you'll have to change busses for certain areas, but that's all very easy to do. If you need help, just ask the nice guy from the reception or ask the busdrivers on how to get somewhere. Oh yeah, since I traveled alone friends were all like &quot;be carefull, America is different from Europe blablabla&quot;. I NEVER felt like I could get mugged, I was never worried walking back to the hotel by myself, I felt perfectly safe. Of course it helps if you don't walk around like a stereotypical tourist: &quot;videocameras and digital SLRs strapped all over the place, with a huge map trying to find your way around. Sure, I had my Canon 20D with batterygrip slung over my shoulder pretty much all the time, night and day, but nothing happened. Just don't look like you don't know where you are or what you're doing and you'll be perfectly fine.Well, that's all I guess, people considering to come to San Francisco and want to stay a nice hotel, this is the place. It worked for me and was one the things that made my stay worthwhile, knowing that after a long day I could get back to a hot shower and soft bed. Pillows were a tad too flimsy though =P Consider this hotel, I'm confident you won't be disappointed!Oh yeah, all my pictures are taken with a 10-22 mm wide angle lens, on a 20D. So the pictures do look a bit distorted. Just try to see how it should look taking all the furniture in mind and all.	
Oct 5 2006	Good value lovely staff	Nice rooms, good value, good location (near the marina), nice staff.	
Sep 11 2006 	Value for money.	I found the motel to be safe, clean and well situated. Its not luxury, but I spent many hours looking for economical accomodation in San Francisco and there is not much going for under $100 a night. We paid about $75 a night and were quite happy.The actual road of themotel is quite busy and not very attractive, but walk up or down a couple of blocks and you reach some really nice areas. You can walk to the center in 30 mins or jump on a bus if feeling lazy.	
Aug 21 2006	Please fix this place up!	We stayed at this motel in August, 2006. It is very affordable for the area. But this Travelodge does the name a disservice! It is in the process of being renovated (I guess), and it shows. My husband nearly broke an ankle when one of the concrete steps gave way. Our room was shoddy and the housekeeping was terrible! We had sheets with blood stains, rips and a spider web that was never noticed, even though it looked large enough to trap a person! Seriously, the place is inexpensive and located well enough----but they need to do some serious overhauling in the area of maintainence and housekeeping. There are TWO Travelodges on Lombard St. This one is near the cross street of Pierce and is to be avoided!	
Jun 5 2006	Great rooms Great Location Free Parking Excellent Service	My husband and I needed a place to stay in San Francisco before competing in the Alcatraz Triathlon. It was a very busy weekend, and we were lucky to get a room for any price. Although only rated a 2 star hotel, and being over $100 a night, we weren't expecting much.When we arrived, the exterior of the hotel made us believe we had made a huge mistake, however the interior was outstanding. Extremely clean, very quiet (given its prime location on Lombard Street), excellent hot water and pressure, the bathrooms were very clean and modern.The customer service was outstanding. We had to check out at 5 am to make the race start, and was allowed to leave our car in the parking lot of the hotel for free until we finished. When we got back from the race (12.30 pm) we noticed that the cleaners had not yet cleaned our room. We asked the desk clerk if we could have a quick shower in the room, and he allowed us, even though we had fully checked out over 7 hours earlier. The cleaning staff even gave us clean towels for our midday shower.The only point for travellers to be aware of is that the hotel does not have an elevator to get to the third floor. This isn't an issue, providing you can handle the stairs. If you want a ground floor room, you will need to check in early. We checked in at 7.30 at night, and every other room already had guests.	
May 1 2006	Lovely place stayed an extra night	I am suprised to read the reviews about small rooms, ours was positively enormous!!! The wardrope was big enough to live in on its own! We had to access our room through the main hotel and I think it was a suite because we had a view over the whole courtyard. The staff were very helpful and when we decided to stay an extra night they gave us a reduced rate as it was a weekend night. Our air conditioning didn't work so they knocked money off the bill. Over all a very enjoyable stay, lovely room, helpful staff. Would definately stay there again.	
Mar 22 2006	Ok friendly and convenient location	We stayed here for one night on Sunday. The exterior was a bit seedy. The room was renovated in a modern décor and clean. We had two queens and the room size wasn’t the largest but did the job. Once the morning gets started you can notice the road noise in the room, but I did find the beds comfortable. They offer free internet in the rooms and free parking. The street behind the hotel had many little shops and eateries that we did not get to visit because we discovered them after checking out. The managers on duty were very friendly.	
Dec 6 2005	Excellent Stay at the Golden Gate Travelodge	Stayed for a week. It was so much better then what I was expecting (considering I only paid 75/night). Very close to the bus stop, food and laundrymat.The owner is very friendly. The room is cleaned and tidied every day, wish I could have that at my home too :-).	
Nov 6 2005	love it	we stay in the hotel for one night, our room has a king bed, it is the biggest king bed i have ever seen, sheets are very comfortable, there are a lot of nice restaurant around the hotel, and the hotel is really close to downtown.The room are very clean and nice.We love it	
Oct 4 2005	OK convenient and friendly	We Spent three nights here, the Hotel is 'L' shaped, the picture shown for the hotel is 90 degrees to the main road. The rooms were comfortable and in good condition, clean. The road noise is loud, we bought ear plugs after the first night and slept sound the following two.Very convenient for public transport and eating places, local shops quite good, the area was clean and tidy, we felt quite safe walking around.	
Sep 27 2005	Very clean and free dsl	Well as stated with other reviews of this motel it is definitely deceiving from the outside.While rooms are not large they are definitely clean and all that is needed for an active traveler.We were able to walk to the wharf as well as catch the muni and bart.Will stay here again for a excellent value and good night's rest.Do yourself a favor and eat at the Thai restaurant directly across the street very friendly and the food was awesome.	
Sep 26 2005	good location	The place looks like a dump from outside (to be fair, most of the many other motels along this street do, too), but the rooms are refurbished, if a bit cramped. Ours had two queen beds, and little room for anything else (no refridge). In fact, you had to climb over the corner of one bed to get to the bathroom. This is basic accommodation, nothing more, but the price is good and the location (the neighborhood is called Cow Hollow) is excellent (lots of cute shops and trendy restaurants &amp; bars and both Starbucks and Peets one street over; walking distance to the waterfront area; buses nearby). The rooms are noisy--they face a busy street and the walls are thin (we could hear people walking around in the room above us), so bring earplugs. Free parking is a big plus here. The gentleman on the desk when we checked in was pleasant, but the fellow the next day was not helpful when asked about arranging airport transportation. They could do a better job of cleaning up the exterior to make this place more inviting, but overall, Travelodge Golden Gate is a good value for the price.	
Sep 16 2005	Did the job.	Stayed here for 7 nights and must say I couldn't really fault the place.It's nothing to get overly excited about either but what do you expect for that price.It does the job...lets put it that way.The location is definitely very good with easy access to public transport.I found the road which passes directly in front of the hotel quite noisy though,especially in the mornings.All those Harley Davidsons,I reckon.	
Aug 17 2005	Clean and peaceful	We were satisfied with our stay. The room was clean, spacious, peaceful and well equipped. Also the location is good and the staff are helpful. We definitely got what we wanted and we'd have nothing against staying there again. Recommended!	
Aug 5 2005	Great Price Clean Rooms Easy access to all sights!	Shuttle from the Airport is standard $14. On approach was a bit apprehensive, its not the best cosmetically from the outside. On entering the room had a nice suprise! Clean and spacious (two double bed room). Ok, it wasnt the hilton or anything, but for the price (and San Fran isnt cheap) it was great. 2 min walk to the Bus stop to get into downtown, easy access to Fishermans Wharf and Downtown. Manager was very friendly.........although i think he must have got comission if he sold the sightseeing tours!! as he asked me about 3 times if we wanted to do one!!! (i would recommend hiring bikes and going accross to the villages on the other side of the bay)	
Aug 1 2005	Great location and OK rooms for a fair price!	It doesn't look like much from the outside (a nice coat of paint would be needed!) but the Golden Gate travelodge is a nice little motel for an inexpensive stay in San Francisco.Free parking, clean rooms with big TV, little sink and newly renovated private bathrooms. Breakfast not included but there's a nice little restaurant (Home Plate) that serves great breakfasts a few doors down the street.The hotel's greatest asset is definitely its location. Located in the very safe and friendly Marina District, it's only a few steps from Fillmore street and the very cool Chestnut street (lots of little restaurants, stores and food markets). The hotel's only a few seconds from Public Transportation so you won't have to drive when you visit the city.For under 100$ it was safe, clean and well located. For the price, that's all we asked for.	
Aug 1 2005	Not more than ok	Spent 3 nights at this motel early July. Rooms ok, clean but rather small and without a wardrobe to hang clothes. We were travelling for a month and had 3 suitcases for which we hardly found space in the room. Fridge and micro stuffed into the room, no place to eat except in bed. Similar to another review, we also experienced unfriendly and not trusting attitude from the owners, demanding our credit card &quot;for security&quot; even if the stay was prepaid through Expedia, and it was also not the place for asking questions. Location ok, a bit far down on Lombard Street but as Norwegians we're used to walking.	
Jul 17 2005	Good stay....but....	My girlfriend and I have just got back from a month in the States, 9 days of which were spent in San Fran. We stayed at the Golden Gate Travelodge for this entire time. Although it does not look much from the outside, the rooms are clean and of an ample size. However, during our stay the tragic bombings in London took place. My girlfriend and i wanted to know everyone at home were safe, so we rang around from the hotel phone. The next morning we were phoned in our room by the owners of the hotel to say we had a telephone bill for $150, and could we settle up immediately. It is not necessarily the amount of the bill that annoyed us, it was the fact the owners clearly did not trust us. There were a few more incidents where the owners (namely the wife) were not very helpful which slightly marred our trip. Having said all of this, it was clean and is in a good location, I just do not think I will be staying there again.	
Jul 8 2005	Great location/price	I just finished spending 4 great days in San Francisco and the Golden Gate Travelodge was just what I was looking for in terms of lodging. It's in a great location with great local places to eat just around the corner. The parking is free but with the hotel being so close to the MUNI stops you hardly need your car at all. I did not have a car while I was there and did not miss it all all. Rocky even suggested the public transportation instead of an airport shuttle to Oakland which saved me about $25. This is the place for a budget minded traveler who wants a safe, quiet place in a great location. I can't wait to go back to SFO and my wife and I will definitely stay there again.	
Jul 4 2005	Upscale trimmings great location cozy!	Nice location! The Travelodge is just off the Golden Gate bridge, on Lombard street - lots of places around for shopping and eating. Although the rooms faced to the noisy street, we asked and got a &quot;quiet&quot; room facing a wall. There wasn't any breakfast and the rooms were small but clean and renovated. The shower had great appliances and a Kohler sink. In addition, there was free wireless internet and a big-screen TV. In all, it was convenient and clean, albeit somewhat noisy and without breakfast.	
Jun 26 2005	Travelodge Golden Gate	I read about this hotel through TripAdvisor. I was thrilled to discover how wonderful this newly renovated hotel really was. The area where it is located is absolutely wonderful, nearby are many restaurants and there is a 24 hour diner which has the most delicious apple pie a la mode. It was nice to be away from all the crowds of the Wharf. The area is really nice, mostly families. You can safely walk around this area at any time. The MUNI buses are located a block away &amp; take you to any of the attractions. We walked to the Fine Arts Center &amp; the Presidio which are very close. I would highly recommend this hotel to the budget conscious. Plus it has free parking which is a real gem in this city. The staff was very nice and helpful with any questions.	
Jun 19 2005	Great Location	Stayed here with my wife and five year old son while on vacation. Very good location. Plenty of very good and affordable restaurants very close by on Stiener St. and the next street behind on Chestnut St. which also has lots of stores and shops. It is in a very safe area,safe to walk at anytime. Convenient to buses that will take you anywhere you want to go in the city. The outside of the property doesn't look like much but the rooms have been remodeled inside and are pretty nice and clean. The only complaint in that regard was the coffee maker. We startd to make coffee once and I looked in the coffee maker where you pour the water and there was mold growing in it. The manager and his wife Rocky and Rose were nice and helpful with directions and arrangements.   Good room in a great location, good value in a beautiful and fun city to explore.	
Jun 17 2005	Good value for money	I recommend this hotel to anyone visiting San Francisco. I stayed there with my girlfriend from May 26th to June 3rd.Its located about 10-15 mins from the centre and the bus stop is 1 block away. The local area has a few bars and restaurants to keep you entertained if you want things within walking distance.Im from the UK &amp; the room was larger than you would find in a simirlarly priced hotel in the UK. Lots of TV channels to choose from if you relax in your room, and nicely refurbished bathrooom / bedroom. Good size bed as well.	
May 30 2005	Great affordable stay at GG Travelodge	When we decided to visit San Francisco (6 nights in May) we wanted affordable, clean and safe lodgings. We found all of that in this hotel. Quiet at night in a safe neighborhood for a great rate. Close to shops, cafes and restaurants in the Marina district. Believe me, you'll want to be able to use the extra money on all of the delicious food, the happennings and what have you in this great town. Your hotel should be the place you crash - just that.	
Apr 27 2005	Great location Great management Good value	This is a small older motel whose rooms have been completely refurbished. While small, they are clean and well appointed. The managers are friendly and helpful - nice people struggling to build a good business. They do their best for customer service. Just a block and a half to the bus line, we avoided traffic, parking problems and costs as we toured San Francisco. Many excellent restaurants within easy walking distance of the motel. We felt safe on the streets at night - a good neighborhood. We'll be back.	
Apr 26 2005	The best stay in San Francisco	The Golden Gate travelodge was very clean and the manager was very friendly.If you go around the corner of the Travelodge, there is coffee shops and resturants. drug store, gas stations.It locate very central to everything. Ten minutes to Fishermans wharf,20 minutes to Chinatown.The are bus stops within walking distants. I would come back.	
Apr 19 2005	One of S.F.'s best	This is an absolutely great place. The staff is very friendly and the rooms are very clean. The rooms here are in the process of renovation and those rooms already completed are terrific. We make frequent trips into the city from Nevada and this has now become our favorite place to stay. There is very good shopping and incredible restaurants within walking distance. We have given up on trying to find parking all over the city; now when we come, we park the car and use the very close public transportation. It's wonderful to let someone else do the driving for a change. Try this place, you'll love it.	
Apr 18 2005 	Great location and value	I just returned last night from a 3 night stay here and would most definitely recommend this hotel. As others have said, the rooms have been newly renovated and are clean and well furnished. There is free DSL, in-room hairdryers and coffee makers and free parking (which is $20-40/night at other hotels). Chestnut Street is around the corner and has many restaurants, coffee houses, shops within walking distance. This is not the Ritz-Carlton, but if you need a nice, clean place to stay in SF that is walking distance from shops and dining, this is the place for you and a great value.	
Apr 3 2005	Nice motel great location	The motel is in an excellent location, right between the Marina and cow hollow. Rooms are being renovated, and are nicely done. There is free internet. The couple who run the motel are very helpful, and trying very hard. The outside is still a little blah, but they are working on it.I would not hesitate to recommend this motel to someone looking for a good room, great location, and reasonable price. I would stay there again without hesitation.	
Mar 31 2005 	Secret Little Gem	Back in Jan 1999, my wife and I just decided we needed a break and flew into SFO and arrived at around 10PM. Driving around Van Ness and Lombard, this was the only place with vacancy. We use to joke about our experience here with the remote bolted on the side table and the bed sank really deep that you could disappear.Last Jan 16, 2005 I found myself in SFO with my son and wanting to show him the place that we've been talking about and teach him a lesson on being FRUGAL at $70/nite I decided to check in this place again. The office was pretty much the same but lo and behold when I got into the room, they were newly renovated, big comfortable beds, wide screen TV and free internet. I couldn't really differentiate the insides of this room with that of a Marriott.How do you spell . . . . bargain?	
Feb 27 2005	Clean 	Nicely remodeled and clean. Free Wireless internet a bonus! Great location to all of the Marina's restaurants and stores. Stayed for several days - an excellent value.	
Feb 27 2005	This hotel is an absolute #1	I was a guest in room 306, and I found this hotel to be an absolute #1. The service was great and the people were kind and courteous. I have no doubt that if anyone stayed at this hotel that they would have the most pleasant experiance.	
Feb 3 2005	pleasant surprise		
Jan 30 2005	Excellent value lodging		
Jan 8 2005	Can't find better for the price in San Fran		
Jan 3 2005	A pleasant surprise!		
Dec 6 2004	Worst Hotel ever!		
Jul 28 2009	Excelente hotel		
Apr 15 2009 	Zentral gelegen für SFO Verhältnisse im grünen Bereich		
Apr 15 2009 	Für die erste Nacht optimal		
Mar 19 2009	Toller Aufenthalt		
Sep 26 2008 	Un hôtel correct et pas trop cher		
Sep 18 2008 	Ottima posizione		
Aug 2 2007 	Très bien		
Jun 25 2007	Assez bruyant bon accueil		
Dec 13 2006	Meilleur compromis ?		
