	Convenient location for tourist activities	We used Marriott points to stay at the Marriott Courtyard Wharf before a trip to Napa. For the price, it was wonderful (we did pay for an extra night too). Great location, walking distance to many tourist atttractions, friendly staff and nice rooms. I really have no complaints. Parking is expensive but that is expected in a city. You can park yourself for $32/day with no in-and-out priviledges or $39/day with in-and-out availability. Overall, a nice hotel with reasonable prices.	
Nov 24 2009 	Good choice for stay at Fisherman's Wharf	We chose this hotel for several reasons: Close to Fisherman's WharfMarriott Rewards memberParking available at a reasonable priceModerately priced accomodationsIt fit our criteria perfectly.The hotel is 2 blocks from the waterfront at Fisherman's Wharf, 1 block from the trolley stop, 2 blocks from the Powell and Hyde Street Cable Car. Several tour companies nearby and many choices for dining. Parking next door in the covered garage is $32 per day. The hotel is completing some major remodeling and redecorating, but the rooms have all been re-done with very nice 'trendy' furnishings, including flat screen TV, upgraded bedding, etc. They were still working on part of the lobby, but it was not a problem at all. Work had not yet been completed at the Courtyard Cafe on the 2nd floor, so it was not open. However, the hotel provided a very nice selection of items for a complimentary Continental Breakfast at the 3rd floor elevator landing. Since our room was just down the hall, it was very easy to pick up breakfast and enjoy it in our room. The staff were are very pleasant and helpful and made our 3 day weekend stay in San Francisco very enjoyable.	
Nov 16 2009 	Nice place to stay	Booked a suite, it was really nice, spacious and clean. Hotel staff were really polite and helpful. Our room was facing the street and we were woken up by street cleaning(apparently street cleaning happens Tuesday and Thursdays between 2am-6am) and garbage collections so if you are going to book here in the week ask for a room away from the street. The hotel had just finished the lobby area and it looks really nice. On Friday morning we were suprised to see a free breakfast of cereals, doughnuts, juice, fruit and tea/ coffee in the lobby area - a very nice suprise. Sat and Sunday it was free dougnuts, juice, fruit and tea/coffee. I don't know if this is to continue but it was a very nice addition to our pleasurable stay at this hotel. There is still work to be done at the Hotel in regards to their renovations but it is not visible. There was not a safe in the room, which is something we like to have as we are international travellers and like to keep are passports etc safe. We enjoyed our stay in this hotel.	
Nov 14 2009 	Fishermans wharf	OK hotel, rooms nice, close to Wharf and other shops.	
Nov 9 2009 	Good location hotel undergoing renovation	The hotel was in a good location, right around the corner from Fisherman's Wharf. Hotelstaff were helpful. HOtel is undergoing renovations, so there is only one, very slow elevator operating. There is also no restaurant in operation, so only food option is the simple continental breakfast (no charge). If you have Marriott points stay here. If you are asked to pay over $150 a night I would think you can find something else.	
Nov 2 2009 	Fabulous 	The main entrance is almost complete with the new Courtyard lobby. The lounge and business center are in tip top shape. The rooms are magnificent! I love the colors and the excellent use of space. The location couldn't be better. Literally 1/2 block from the F-line.	
Nov 1 2009 	Great family hotel located near Fisherman's Wharf	Being remodeled October 2009. Great size rooms. Walk to Fisherman's Wharf (just through the courtyard), boat-launch to Alcatraz, bike/segway tours, Pier 39, restaurants and cable car routes. Lots to see and do. No car needed but you can rent one for the day if you want to visit wineries, Muir Woods or Saulsilito or just to drive across the Golden Gate and down the crookedest street. Free continental breakfast. Booked on the internet and got great rates. The remodeling was nearly done when we visited mid-October 2009. New fitness center and casual restaurant were not finished, but remodeled rooms were spacious, bright and comfortable. Two queen beds and a sleeper sofa - great for families. No pool, though. Highly recommended. Will stay there next time we are in S.F.	
Oct 27 2009 	Great room - perfect location	We should stay for 3 nights in San Francisco before continuing our trip in California. We chose the hotel because it was near Fishermans Wharf, public transport (it is located between two cable car turnstiles and the historic streetcars running on the F-line ).The lobby and some other facilities were being renovated and the restaurant was closed, bus as we travelled with two kids, this was no issue, since we normally tend to either bring some take-away in or find somthing family friendly in the neighborhood.The reception was helpful and managed very well despite the very small space (and I do mean small) which was used as a lobby. Two people and some suitcases - and the room was stuffed!We got a big 2-room suite on 2nd level, facing the street. We were surprised that it was so quiet at night - but maybe that was because the big rush was over. The room was nice, clean and suited us wery well. The bedroom was with 2 queen size beds, one for the kids, one for us, but we could sit in the adjacent room in the evenings without disturbing them.The wireless internet was not quite stable, but when hoooking up with a standard LAN cable everything worked fine (never travel without one!!!).The wharf and public transport just near makes it a breeze to get around without using a car - and a 3-day MUNI pass is highly recommendable - we used the cablecars and the F-line many times every day.The neighborhood seemed safe and we had no problems in going out late as a single person.while the other stayed with the kids.When checking out they were again helpful and a taxi was ordered and arrived just on the spot.Some might have been disappointed with the construction going on - but for us it was no issue - the location is by far the most important. The rates are a bit high - but so are they everywhere in that area. We would defenitely stay there again	
Oct 23 2009 	Highly recommended!	Our 2.5 week California holiday took us from Oceanside to San Francisco. This hotel was the best of all four we stayed in. We had a queen bed and a sofa-bed at a Level 4 room. There is enough elbow and leg room for a family of four (sons are 10 and 11 yrs old). Do request a 4th floor room, you may just be lucky enough to have some water glimpses.Here's why i liked this Marriott: Free choice of wireless or wired internet; newly renovated rooms with funky maroon and red hues; large bathroom with marble sink; in-room coffeemaker and fridge; flat screen TV (which seems to be non-standard in US, still); clean carpets; top location with Walgreens, Avis, Hertz, tram just around the corner.It is true that the lobby, restaurant and fitness center are under renovation. For this inconvenience, the hotel is offering a free 'to-go' breakfast (nothing fancy but enough to keep the boys happy). Since I do not stay in hotel lobbies anyway, this is not a big deal. Noise was not a problem. I just loved that the rooms were new and easy to imagine that we were the first to use it.Oh, did I mention that they have an onsite coin operated laundry and washer? This was very important to me having accumulated a ton of laundry.To view my complete blog, click below or copy &amp; paste to your web browser:(--)	
Oct 15 2009 	Enjoyed our stay	Our family of 5 stayed in a 1 bedroom Suite with 2 Queens and a Sofa bed. The room had been renovated fairly recently and housekeeping was good. We found the location to be nice and quiet, with easy access to public transport. All the staff were friendly and even highlighted maps to help explain where the Cable Cars and F line went. There were renovations happening at the time we were there with the exercise room, reception and restaurant all affected. Continental breakfast was provided on tables set up outside the lifts. We would certainly stay here again.	
Oct 14 2009 	Did not disclose major construction	We scheduled our trip to Open World 2009 and selected this hotel because of it's location to the warf area. We arrived to find the lobby completely closed with construction. There wasn't enough room for 2 of us to check in with our bags. The restaurant was closed for renovation. The workout room was closed. I probably could have lived with the lack of amenities except that they didn't tell us and they charged their full rate. I also discovered this is not a Marriott owned property - it's privately owned and operated.I'd stay away until it's finished remodeling or I'd ask for a reduced rate. You likely will get it as everyone who shows up checks out the next morning. Schedule your own taxi in advance as the taxi line is long for folks leaving.	
Oct 4 2009 	Loved it!	My husband and I loved this hotel. Employees were very friendly. Check-in was very fast. Room was very clean and had a couch with fold-out bed. The location of this hotel is great! We will stay again next time we are in the area. A very short walk and you are close to many restaurants, shops, the pier. We enjoyed our stay!	
Sep 30 2009 	Excellent Hotel	My wife and I and our 15 year old daughter were all extremely pleased with the 5 days we spent at the Courtyard in the middle of August.The room was big, quiet and clean. We had two queen size beds and a nice sized bathroom. There is free WiFi in the rooms.The location is excellent. It was enjoyable to get up early and take walks through Fort Mason to Chrissy Field, Coit Tower, Russian Hill, Chinatown and Little Italy. It is an easy walk to the terminus of two of the cable car lines and to pick up the ferry to Alcatraz (we did the night tour).I notice that a lot of people in the forum seem to put down Fisherman’s Wharf. The Courtyard is about a long block from Fisherman’s Wharf, but I considered that a plus and not a negative. The street on which the hotel is located is safe and not as “touristy” as the Wharf, so you can easily avoid it if you see fit.There is an Avis and a Hertz right next to the hotel, so renting a car could not have been easier.As for me, I found the Fisherman’s Wharf to be very crowded and more for shopping than for enjoying the City. However, I enjoyed the view from the piers, seeing the sea lions, visiting the Musee Mecanique, looking for the Bushman and generally walking in the area.	
Sep 29 2009 	disgracefully treated	We arrived in this hotel at 8pm on a tuesday evening after a 6 hour drive, only to be told that the hotel had over-booked and had not got a room available for us. We had booked this accomodation 1 month previously and this is the first we had heard of this. We had been camping in yosemite for 2 nights and were tired and needing showers. We were told we could stay in the holiday inn for 1 night and move back to the hotel for the following 2 nights. This was completely unsatisfactory as we did not want to waste a day of our 3 day trip moving hotel and did not want to have to repack our luggage. According to the hotel staff this is a frequent occurance and had been moving guests due to overbooking all day. In my opinion this is a disgraceful way to treat customers who have made a booking. The hotel could have informed us of this at an earlier date but did not let us know. I am urging people not to give this hotel their business	
Sep 9 2009 	Had a Great Stay	We were very pleased with the accomodations. The rooms were modern, stylish and very clean. The main lobby was undergoing renovation but, we were bothered at all by any noise. The front desk staff was very courteous and helpful. Parking is next door for $30 day which is better than some of the other hotels in the area. The location is very convenient but, far enough away from the noise near Pier 39. We will definitely stay here again.	
Sep 2 2009 	Nearly perfect!	We stayed at the Courtyard a few years ago and thought it was fine but nothing special. Well since then, they've remodeled the rooms and now they're both stylish and comfortable. Check out the traveler photos -- the decor is sort of Asian/Zen. We had a room with a King bed and a couch/sofabed. We were surprised at how roomy it was because many SF hotel rooms are small. The rooms are equipped with small refrigerators, flat screen TV, air conditioning, and high (more like slow) speed Internet access. The location is good -- on the somewhat less touristy side of the Wharf. Walk up Columbus to the North Beach area and have some pasta. Walk a few blocks toward the GG Bridge to a small beach and leave the Wharf craziness behind. The Courtyard is located right between two Starbucks (one on Beach in the Argonaut motel bldg; the other by Walgreens on Jones), or there's a good independent coffeehouse called Coffee Adventure on Columbus. All in all, a great hotel in a great location. No view and the Internet access was slow, but everything else was spot on.	
Aug 21 2009 	GREAT LOCATION LOVELY HOTEL	We stayed here for 3 nights on the last leg of our USA road trip. The hotel itself is in a great location, just off from Fisherman's Wharf, come out of the hotel and take a right and there you are. Check in was painless and quick, staff were very friendly.Room was large and spacious, very clean. Bed was incredibly comfortable, with lovely linen.Bathroom was of a good size and nicely decorated.TV was massive,Proper hairdryer.Would definatly recommend this hotel if you are staying in San Francisco. The only thing I would suggest was that if you are a light sleeper such as myself, take ear plugs the main street outside can be very noisey and the air conditioning is a noisy unit.	
Aug 17 2009 	Wonderful Hotel with a great location and great staff	Our stay at the Courtyard Marriott was wonderful. We were able to check-in early, the staff was very friendly and willing to help us with whatever we needed. The location is great and I would recommend this hotel if you want to stay at Fisherman's Wharf.	
Aug 10 2009 	Great value and location	We received a 2 for 1 offer so for $159 we spent a Friday and Saturday night. Great location--walking distance to the wharf, embarcadero shops and the F Bus that travels to Union Square. Staff was attentive and helpful (we broke our corkscrew and received a complimentary one from the front desk). There is a Starbucks around the corner and a fantastic bakery across the street making breakfast easy. The concierge made reservations for us and offered some good suggestions. Parking is expensive at $30/night, but that is the going rate in the area. We didn't need our car--we could walk or take the bus to any place we wanted to visit.	
Aug 9 2009 	Highly recommended	Spent one night here, our first in the US after a long trip from Australia. Great hotel, would definitely use again if we return to san Fran. Prosgreat location. Everything at fishermans wharf an easy walkcomfy beds. Wife and I both agree they were the best hotel beds we ever had. Quick check in. We were in room within 2 mins of arrivalquiet. Other reviewers have commented on noise but we stayed on Friday night and didn't hear a thingfree wifi and plug in Internetcheckout is middayconsonly one would be room had a slight smell but we only noticed it for a short while each time we returned to room	
Aug 8 2009 	Excellent Location and Property	Stayed two nights in San Fran and this hotel was perfect for us. Rooms were spotless and trendy. You can walk to anywhere you need to go. I used points to cover the room cost but would gladly pay to stay here again!	
Jul 27 2009 	Courtyard - good choice	I recently stayed two nights at the Courtyard with my wife and son (10 yr old). We booked using reward points so aside from the $30 valet the stay was covered. It is in a good location if you are planning time at the Wharf, Ghiradelli Sqaure or hopping on the cable cars. The room was nice, typical Courtyard, with comfy beds and free internet. We did not eat at the breakfast buffet but instead chose the bakery next door and a cafe serving breakfast. Beware that there is no pool...bummer for my son. All in all a good stay, good location if you are choosing Fisherman Wharf for your tourist activities.	
Jul 25 2009 	Great location great beds very friendly	We were not sure where to stay in SF and found it hard to find a good B&amp;B as we left our booking too late but were so glad we ended up at the courtyard Marriott fisherman's wharf. Never having been to SF and because we were only there for a week it placed us in a great position to access everything we wanted to see. cable and trolley cars, the piers, Buena vista cafe with great irish coffee, quirky cafe's for breakfast and any amount of local restaurants for dinner.The Hotel di not present like a typical chain with it's tuscan color scheme and comfortable rooms - coffee and tea always available in the lobby and very friendly helpful staff. We loved it so much we extended for an extra day.	
Jul 15 2009 	Comfy beds and pillows!	I travel all over the world and what I always miss the most from home is my bed and pillows so i am very fussy about this! The Courtyard at FW had very comfy beds and pillows. In fact the room was spacious, comfortable, and clean. Quiet too considering its in the middle of Fisherman's Wharf. No view really, but the location is a dream. Just walk outside the hotel and get glorioius views of the bay. Great location. Good spot to let older teenagers loose. Breakfast was very good but kind of pricey. The front desk folks were all friendly, attentitive, and helpful. No complaints...great place to stay.	
Jul 14 2009 	Almost Perfect	Great location, got a great price on a 'name your own' site. Lovely room. Only drawback was a sofa sleeper that was not up to par with the rest of the room and an overpriced restaurant. The staff was great.	
Jun 18 2009 	Excellent location great place to stay!	Our room was quiet, very comfortable, spotless and very friendly staff. 5-10 min walking to Pier 39 and so close to wonderful restaurants. The price is very reasonable compared to other hotels that are far from Fisherman's Wharf.	
Jun 18 2009 	Great Location Helpful Staff Lovely Rooms	This newly remodeled hotel was in the perfect location for my trip with my two young children, we were able to walk to everything we needed, including wharf area shopping, restaurants, attractions and public transit. The concierge was most helpful in giving us guidance for good times and good food. We found the modern asian inspired room (and bathroom) overall welcoming and comfortable.	
Apr 22 2009 	Good quality hotel with excellent facilities	Although the hotel had about 1 hours notice of our arrival, they were able to give us 3 rooms (2 inter-connecting) all next to each other. Considering we arrived on Good Friday we were most grateful that the staff were able to give us these rooms. The newly refurbished rooms were lovely, large and although modern, very homely too. There was a fridge and coffee maker, lcd tv, wireless internet etc. There is a very good breakfast room too where the staff were particularly helpful. The hotel is very well situated for access to Fishermans Wharf, cable cars, boat trips etc. If I had to think of any negative points it would only be that our rooms had a view of the multi-story car park next door, but as we didn't open the net curtains during the day we hardly new it was there.	
Apr 16 2009 	Great Hotel!!!	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights during our visit to San Fran.The hotel was great, we checked in at 10am and the room was ready which was fantastic. The front desk staff were very helpfull.The room was spacious and had everything you needed, amazing beds! The only thing i would say is that it didnt have a full length mirror which is always nice when you are getting ready.Location is perfect, close to all the attractions and the cable car if you want to go to down town. This is a busy area and there is some noise during the night, cars etc but this was not a problem.Overall fantastc property would stay there again	
Apr 11 2009 	My Stay at the San Francisco Courtyard - Fisherman's Wharf	I spent 3 nights at this property. My original reservation was for 2 nights but I found myself needing to check in a night early, unexpectedly. The front desk manager was VERY helpful with this. I called in the afternoon on the date I needed to check in and although the hotel was close to being sold out he not only let me check in one night early, but he honored the low rate which I had for the rest of my reservation. This was awesome service!!The front desk agent at check-in was very courteous. There was one problem, though. I had lost my credit card so I not only had to pay for my room but leave a cash deposit. My deposit was not returned to me upon check-out but I had to wait to get it by mail. This was very dissapointing, as I know it is not the policy followed by the majority of hotels.Now, back to my stay...My room was decorated in a very modern, tasteful manner. Lately, I have noticed that a lot of Courtyard brand hotels are being redecorated in a manner that gives them a very modern feel which makes you feel as if you are staying in something better than your run of the mill budget brand. High Speed Internet (wired) was free which was awesome!! (I had to call the front desk in order to find out that it was free as their is no signage in the room specifying this.) There is a dining area where breakfast is served but I never had any. Parking is about $30.00 in an adjacent lot which isn't bad as I've paid as much as $60.00 per night for parking in other areas of San Francisco.The hotel is located in a pretty good location. The rear of the hotel leads out to the street directly across from Fisherman's Wharf. I've stayed in most San Francisco neighborhoods, at some point or another, and I really think that it doesn't really matter where you stay, as to me, San Francisco is way smaller than it actually looks. The rear of the hotel leads out to a shopping area that includes a Hooters, In and Out Burger,and just around the corner is a Wallgreens (to pick up any toiletry you might have forgotten.)All in all, I thought this was a great hotel and even with the disappointment I experienced with not having received my deposit at check-in, I would stay here again.	
Mar 23 2009 	Great location - nice modernized rooms	the location is great just steps away from the wharf. we had a rental car and parking is $30 which seems steep, but cheaper than if you were to choose a downtown marriott. the lobby seems a bit dated, but the rooms are the opposite as they have been recently renovated. really modern decor with very nice sheets and LCD flatscreen TV. The room is also really spacious. We went during March which is probably off-peak so it wasn't too loud outside. But it is right behind the In-and-Out and Hooters, so expect there to be lots of people nearby. There was some alarm going off outside during the night that didn't stop for about an hour. Unfortunately, there is no complimentary breakfast like other Courtyard Marriotts.	
Mar 21 2009 	Great Location AWEFUL service	We got a good deal for the room and it was in a great location. Close to everything. We even took the bart to the hand cars and it dropped us off about a block from the hotel. The rooms were nice and the housekeeping staff was EXCEPTIONAL! Friendly and helpful at all times. The front desk staff, however, was the worst staff i've ever come across. I would walk up to the desk where there would be two employees. One would see me coming and head towards the back and the other one would pick up the phone and start dialing numbers, hang up the phone pick it back up and dial more numbers. I would stand here for about 5 mintues before the person that went to the back would come back and help me but they really didn't seem too happy about it. Also, I got really sick on my trip so I sent my boyfriend to the Walgreens next door for some soup, I called down to the desk to ask if I could get a spoon, they said sure it'll be right there and they never brought it up. Service is so important. That's why it's called the service industry. If they hired nice people to work the desk, this would be an ideal hotel.	
Feb 25 2009 	could not have had a better time	The hotel was recently renovated and the rooms were nice. We had two queen beds and used the pull out love seat for my child. We also had a small refrigerator. It was convenient to everything we wanted to do in the long weekend. All of the staff were friendly and helpful. The concierge were knowledgeable on getting us to where we needed to go. We had a great time, and would stay there again. The free internet was a plus too.	
Feb 16 2009 	Too Loud!	Great location and nice staff, but the hotel was so loud, we didn't sleep our last night. The room was in terrible shape, I'm surprised they had been approved by Marriott.	
Jan 26 2009 	Impressed!	Got the room for a great price off Priceline! We had an odd shaped corner room. The staff was incredibly nice, offering advice and maps upon check-in. We called down to the lobby for a cab but had to stand there while the nice bellman tried to flag one down. Not one in 15 minutes but appreciated his efforts and walked down the block to a busier corner to catch our own! The bed was very comfortable and the room was very clean! There was no bath, just a shower (which is unlike most rooms I guess). The shower was set up strange so that the water sprays right on the door! In other words you can't have the shower door open and have the water on or the whole place will flood! Very great value- the location was priceless. Would recommend this to everyone from couples to families with young children. It's not the wine and dine by a classical piano kind of hotel. Just a good, clean and comfortable place with an awesome location!	
Jan 17 2009 	Great Location and good experience	I love the Marriott chain and usually stay at the Courtyard Downtown or once in a while the Stanford Court, but waited too long and couldn't get a good rate at these, so I thought I'd try this hotel.I'm not really into Fisherman's Wharf as a location; once you've been there once, that's aoout it in my opinion. However, I liked the location more than I'd thought I would. It's very easy to get away from the wharf area, and walks around the hotel are great.I rented a bike nearby and went over the bridge, so the location was perfect for this. Also, within walking distance is a Trader Joe's, big Barnes and Noble, and a Safeway for convenience. The Courtyard has a very small lobby, and some of the hotel was under refurbishment when I was there (as the website mentioned). My room could have used 'freshening up' but they are working on this of course, and the room was quite satisfying as it was. No major problems. I would stay here again for sure, and as usual, the Marriott beds are great and the staff were very helpful and friendly.	
Nov 6 2008 	Another Quality Wharf Hotel	This hotel is well placed within the Fisherman’s wharf area of San Francisco with all major attractions and transport options within easy reach. Check-in area was super quick and clean and boasts a small seating area with large LCD screen, free Wi-Fi or you can use the PC with printer again free of charge complimentary tea and coffee and in the evenings an honor bar serving cold beers etc,. I checked in at 9am but no rooms were available so my bags were stowed in a secure area and was told to come back about 12, all very efficient and friendly. After a walk around the wharf I got back about 11 and was called over to check-in and told my room was ready. The rooms here are standard courtyard style, clean and fresh with all the essentials. Bathroom had a tub and shower combo with complimentary lotions and potions, plenty of towels and plenty of space. Bedroom had two king beds, desk with working lamp, executive chair and FREE wired high speed internet!, TV (HBO etc) lounge chair and plenty of hanging space and draws, no in room safe but reception are happy to lock any items. There are full coffee and tea making trays in room and the obligatory ice vending machines on each floor with fully controllable AC and heating in room. Breakfast is served on level 2 in a smallish type room which offers a full chargeable buffet breakfast, which was very nice and sets you up for the day. The exercise room again located on level 2 is small but serves its purpose. There are vending machines in reception and a number of shops in the area. There is parking available and payable locally, the cost is in line with most of the hotels in Fisherman’s Wharf. The concierge service was impeccable and friendly and nothing was too much trouble.Having stayed in almost all the hotels in this area I have to say they are all much of the same quality, I would most certainly stay here again.	
Oct 17 2008 	Do Not Waste your money	We were not impressed with this hotel. This is not up to what we have known as Marriott standards. I am shocked they put there name on this place. Old decor, sinks that don't drain, tubs that don't drain and over priced parking. Holiday Inn or Best western wiould have been a better choice. Or even the Marriott up the street?	
Sep 2 2008	Average	My wife and I stayed both at this hotel and the Courtyard downtown and based on just hotel quality, cleanliness, and comfort the downtown Courtyard is far superior. Location is the real wildcard. If your in the city to do the tourist thing and love the Warf this would be a great place to be and has easy access to the neighborhoods tourist venture to most (North Beach, China Town, etc). The downtown Courtyard’s neighborhood doesn’t have much going on unless you’re into clubbing but all areas of town are super easy to get to by bus from this hotel. Place like Hayes Valley, Noe Valley, Castro, and the Mission are much easier to get to then the Warf, plus super easy to get to the Warf, North beach, and Chinatown, plus downtown is cheaper all the weekends I have checked.	
Aug 20 2008 	Super location for touring families!	This Courtyard is in a great location for touring the Fisherman's Wharf area (and San Francisco). The hotel is in the center of everything. While the nightly price was steep, you are paying for the location...and what a Courtyard offers (clean, new bedding, nice staff, free internet in the lobby). We had rented a car with Avis for touring wine country, and dropped it off at the Avis garage next door upon arrival (no car needed...you just need to be willing to walk alot). If you go in the summer, make sure to pack accordingly. It was chilly and we all ended up buying fleece jackets ($10 each from a street vendor around the corner)! The Maritime Museum (closed right now but with many ships open for viewing), Ghirardelli Square, Pampanito submarine, Alcatraz boat pier, all of the Piers for touring, the cable car turn-a-round, etc. are within minutes of the hotel. If you go to the ballgame, just catch a bus ($1.50 each) to the ballpark (the front desk will tell you where to go...only a block away to catch it).Ate at Tait's for some clam chowder and fries, Boudin's restaurant for wonderful food in a nice setting, McCormick and Kuleto's (beautiful views), Cioppino's, and Scoma's...all walking distance from the hotel. And, the best part, tourist casual (i.e. jeans, jackets, sweatshirts, etc).Enjoy!	
Aug 19 2008 	Excellent location on Fisherman's Wharf	We stayed at the Courtyard for 4 days at the beginning of August. The room was very spacious and clean, with a very comfortable bed. The position of the hotel was excellent, only a 10 minute walk to Pier 39. The trolley bus and the cable car were also within a 10 minute walk so getting into Union Square was very easy. The hotel is well placed for the many restaurants that are on Fisherman's Wharf. When we come back to San Francisco we would definately stay here again.	
Aug 16 2008	Should be 3.5	We stayed here 4 nights over the 4th of July weekend. Overall it was a very nice hotel, but we did have some issues. After our first night, the front desk called us in the morning to tell us there was a water leak in the space below and they needed to come into our room to check it out/make repairs. They were very considerate about the whole situation, and we agreed that we would rather switch rooms immediately than have maintenance in there for an extended time or end up having to switch later anyway. As it worked out, we got a larger corner room with a view of the bay and Alcatraz. They brought a bell cart and moved our (packed) items to the new room for us. The only issue we had with the second room was that the commode was too close to the countertop - there needs to be a &quot;cut-out&quot; section at the end of the counter. All the staff we encountered were friendly. The person at the front desk at check-in seemed to have some problems with checking me in but finally managed. We requested a mini frig and microwave, and although they were older they worked great, and there was no charge. It is a great location for seeing the Wharf area. We were able to see 2 sets of fireworks at the same time from the garage next door. We did have some other minor issues we encountered during our stay. First, the parking garage had increased their prices recently and were significantly higher. (On a positive note, they have an agreement with the hotel so that you can have in and out priveleges and you pay the hotel for all parking charges.) The hotel only has 2 elevators and 1 of them was down for service - for several weeks. We ended up using the stairs a lot (to the 4th floor) as the other elevator was often busy. Upon checkout, the only bell cart that was available was one with underinflated tires so it was extra difficult to push.	
Jul 25 2008	A good place to stay on the wharf	First of all, I'd stay here again. Very good location. Parking building is right beside the front entrance. We stayed two nights and left our car in the garage and walked to everything, including the launch pier for the Alcatraz ferry. The bed was one of the most comfortable I've ever had in a hotel and lots of extra pillows. Front staff very nice and efficient. The concierge was top notch. Rooms nice. Hotel a bit expensive with the room cost, tax and parking, but this is the norm if you want a room in that area. One suggestion I have is it have a refrigerator in the room at that price. If you decide to eat breakfast on the 2nd floor, be sure to look over the prices for the buffet and contential breakfast carefully that is in the room guide book. I did not check the prices first and the buffet was expensive. Breakfast staff was great and cook great, food fine...just was a lot more expensive that I was expecting. Again, I recommend this hotel.	
Jul 25 2008 	Marriott Rewards Mmbrs: Confirm your reservation!!!	If you plan to stay at this hotel, I would highly recommend that you call ahead to confirm you reservation. We used our Marriott Rewards points well in advance to book a night at this hotel for July 2008. (We are Marriott Silver Members. )They ended up overselling the hotel and giving our room to someone else. Upon arrival they did not apolojize...instead offered us another room at the Marriott Courtyard Financial District. The Front Desk Employee refused my polite request to call the Marriott Downtown a few blocks away to see if they would have a room for us. He said we must stay at a Courtyard. Front Desk Employee said he would credit our nights stay since they gave the room to someone else. The front desk failed to do so...I had to make the call to Marriott Corporate to get the credit. I would recommend a different hotel. If you must stay at this one - be sure to confirm to this does not happen to you.	
Jul 16 2008 	family fun in SF	Great location in the middle of the Fisherman's Wharf area. My wife and 2 teenagers spent 5 nights here in early June. The staff was excellent, the room was large and very clean, and you just can't go wrong with where it is--1 block from the bay, 2 blocks from Ghirardelli Square, just over 1 block from the cable car turn-around, 3 blocks from Pier 39. Let the conventioneers stay in the Union Square area--this is where the families on vacation should stay. The concierge staff was knowledgeable and friendly. The housekeeping staff was superb. You cannot beat this hotel for the price, quality, and perfect location.	
Jun 28 2008 	Excellent ...... but .......	The concierge and the front desk were very friendly and helpful. The Courtyard is within walking distance of most attractions. The parking was good. The rooms were above average in size.The only problem was the noise level on friday . On weekdays the noise was minimal bordering on nonexistant. Its the location and its surroundings thats the problem. If you look at the front of the hotel, you will see a funneling affect for the noise level. This hotel and the hotel across the street create a wall that amplifies the noise. Plus the windows are single pane which makes a bad scenario worse. You will notice this when the &quot;Hawgs&quot;start thundering down the street. This &quot; wall effect&quot; reverberates the sound through the room. On weekdays, not many Hawgs roll down the street. However when friday rolls around ........ good luck with the noise.Overall, its an excellent location with an excellent staff. Now if only they can outlaw the &quot; Hawgs&quot; after midnight, then i can get some sleep.Would i stay there again?YES, but only on the weekdays. Unless you're a party animal and sleep is not part of your vocabulary.	
May 27 2008 	Nice hotel in the Wharf District	This is a nice hotel right in the middle of the Wharf area. Short walk to Ghiradelli Square and other Wharf attractions. We walked to McCormick &amp; Kuleto's (food and views were GREAT).The room was nice with a great view of the street/stores/area. Housekeeping was great with ample towels, etc. The only drawback, Parking in the garage is $32 WOW.	
Apr 16 2008 	My Second Review of This Hotel	This is my second review of this property, my first being in May of 2007. Since my last stay there have been a few improvements. The bath products are now &quot;Davies Gate&quot; brand, and are quite nice. There were 5 pillows on the bed to choose from. And the courtyard seems a bit more alive, but there are still some empty &quot;for lease&quot; storefronts. Front desk staff seems genuinely friendly and personable, not just &quot;put on.&quot; This time I stayed two nights, and I did notice the early morning dumpster noise coming from Beach Street (in front of the hotel), although it didn't bother me too much--I had the heater on, so the fan sound acted as a buffer. Double pane windows would greatly help with the noise issue. The windows are in need of replacement anyway, they are the one thing showing age in the room. Otherwise the room was clean, simple, tasteful, and in very good condition. Maid service did a great job of refreshing the room for my second night. I came by ferry and without a car this time, and it was easy to catch busses to everywhere I needed to go. I recommend walking over to see the fishing boats on the pier near Scoma's restaurant--it's a quiet escape, and a different world in comparison to the noisy din of the tourist area. I hope this hotel continues to improve.	
Mar 23 2008 	Excellent Location!	This hotel rocks! It is close to great restaurants and right on Fisherman's Wharf. There is also a Subway restaurant just outside the door, a In-N-Out burger, Chinese food, pizza, and several Irish pubs. You can walk to Pier 39, Ghiradelli Square, and the Cable Car is just a street over. There are only two negatives: Parking costs $22 per night in the garage next door (however, parking for every hotel costs in S.F. and some charge $35 to $45 per night), and breakfast is pricey ( $12.95 per person). Other than that, the location in great and the rooms are clean and spacious.	
Mar 19 2008	Great location and great room	My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights. We were very pleased with the larger than average room with a comfortable couch and desk. The breakfast cafe was very nice and the buffet breakfast was generous. The room and lobby were clean and nicely decorated and there was a computer everyone could use in the lobby. The location is excellent as you can walk to the area attractions from Ghirardelli Square to Pier 39 very easily. The cable car stop is only a block away. I would recommend this hotel for everyone except people who want luxury or don't like children.	
Mar 12 2008 	Great location and good breakfast cafe	This hotel can’t begin to compete with the over-the-top grandeur of The Palace Hotel in the heart of the city, BUT it is a perfectly fine hotel for touring San Francisco.PRO:(1) The location is great! Only one block from where you catch the “street cars” and two blocks from Fisherman’s Wharf.(2) This hotel’s breakfast cafe is a bit better than the average Courtyard Marriott cafe. Instead of putting out a scrambled-egg buffet to get hard and cold, a guy cooks you a fat, made-to-order omelet. PLUS they have the best little blueberry muffins I have ever tasted and I don’t even like blueberries. They are made fresh every morning. One morning, when I showed up 10 min. after the cafe had closed, the omelet man (who had already put up his ingredients) insisted that he cook an omelet for me. And he did it with a smile! Bravo!CON: (1) The hotel is crammed into a high commercial area and there are no good views, but who’s going to stay in the room, right? (2) The concierge was WORTHLESS! When I asked about an open-air tour, he discouraged me and emphatically pushed an expensive 3.5 hour tour on an enclosed bus. I told him repeatedly it’s not what I wanted, but he insisted that I did. I thought he must have a good friend who works with the tour company. I did some research on my own and found out he had given me some incorrect information and when I told him about it the next day, he didn’t even apologize. I noticed that some earlier reviews on this site said he “will not stop talking,” that he’s “annoying,” and that he “was so rude.” The concierge is supposed to be someone you have confidence in. This guy was - well, I suggest you go online and do your own research before relying on him.	
Mar 6 2008 	Great location!	I ended up booking this hotel because of a great deal I received for working in the travel industry. Based on previous reviews and the pictures I had seen I knew not to get my hopes up too much.I have to say the location COULD NOT be beat!!!! We were just a few blocks away in either direction from Fisherman's Wharf, Pier 39, the Cannery, and Ghiradelli Square (and a cable car stop). Just a few blocks up the road was the North Beach area of town though we didn't get to wander around this area as much as we would have liked. The check-in was quick and easy and we were given a room on the 2nd floor- which I believe was close to the breakfast area based on the morning noise and clanking dishes. One thing I was very pleased with was the cleanliness of the room and that housekeeping left us additional towels the next day. We had a very of the parking garage next door which wasn't a big deal since we weren't in the room very often. The bed was comfortable and the internet access was quick. The lobby had coffee available each morning which I really enjoyed for the convenience, though there is a Starbucks around the corner about a block up the road. If you plan on renting a car at any time Avis and Hertz are located next door in the parking garage which was extremely convenient as we took a day trip to Sonoma. The two things I didn't care much for with this hotel was that it was a fairly old hotel that could use some updating and the walls seem to be paper thin. I could hear everything at all times of the day from the neighbors next door to the clanking dishes in the restaurant and also the people and traffic outside. All in all this hotel did what it needed to do- it provided a clean, safe place to stay- and the location could not be beat!	
Feb 22 2008 	Great location nice hotel	We stayed at this hotel for two nights in January 2008. We chose this hotel for its location and price. Pros: The room was clean and nicely furnished. The location is amazing - right on Fisherman's Wharf, with many conviences right nearby: Walgreen's, Starbucks, the trolleys, many restaurants. The concierge at the hotel is really nice and very helpful arranging a bus tour for us. The breafast great and the hostess was very pleasant. The bathrooms were clean and nice, with a large tub and nice toiletries. Cons: The views from many of the rooms will not be great. Our room's view was a blue parking garage about 10 feet away from the window. But, since we did not spend much time in the room, it was fine with us. Parking costs $22 a day, so if you are not going anywhere but San Fran, I recommend not renting a car since it costs so much to park. Hertz rent-a-car is right next door to the hotel in that blue garage, so if you change your mind you could alwyas get a car right there. Other recommendations: The motorized cable car tour offered by Gray Line Tours was fanstastic - I highly recommend it. Also, I recommend eating at Scoma's - great seafood. Skip the cable car at the west end of the wharf - you will wait in line forever and then be packed in it like a sardine - you can take the trolley that starts right in front of Walgreen's for way cheaper and it takes you to the same end point at the fancy cable car. We traveled with my 5 year old son and he loved the Rainforest Cafe, Ripley's museum, and the sea lions.	
Jan 22 2008 	Average basic stay	Good location, I enjoyed the touristy wharf area. Could walk to great bars, and eaterys nearby.	
Jan 5 2008	Nice stay	Stayed here for 3 days between xmas and new years. Was a good location for me since it was my first time in SF. Was close to the wharf, cable car, gharedelli square, etc. Its a coutryard marriott, so you don't expect ritz carlton quality. I was ok with the accomodations, nothing different than other courtyards from my experience. I used pts, so don't know how good the value is, but parking is next door in a garage.	
Nov 24 2007 	Terrible- stay away	This is a privately owned franchise location for Marriott that is not up to standards of what I expect from a Marriott Courtyard. We booked a one bedroom suite for three nights but ended up leaving after two. The hotel thankfully did not charge us for our early departure. The room was dingy and just not a nice place to be. The furniture looks like it's 15+ years old. Everything was worn and very very basic. The location is a few blocks from Fisherman's Wharf but beware- the bustling fun location during the day becomes desolate and a little scary at night. We arrived from the east coast late on a Thursday and found all of the restaurants were closing or closed for the evening by 10. We will never stay here again...	
Nov 13 2007 	Great family location	We stayed here for 2 nights before heading up to see the Redwoods. We were able to walk to Pier 39, Ghirardelli Square, the Cannery and to the Hyde Street Cable Car stop. The rooms were clean and comfortable and the restaurant had an excellent buffet breakfast. I'd definitely recommend the location, esp. if you have kids. (We were travelling w/ 8 and 6 year old, plus my 75 year old mother.)	
Sep 9 2007 	Not bad but....	The location is good, parking can be a real pain like anywhere on the crowded wharf. The room was pretty decent as far as hotels go, clean. A bit pricey, but so is everything in San Fran, especially on the wharf. The concierge guy is an interesting character who will not stop talking and tries to explain everything to you, following you around the lobby as you bring your luggage in. He thinks he is being helpful, but it is a bit annoying, someone there needs to tell him, as he repeats this same long winded speech to anyone coming in the lobby door. I noticed that some others complained about losing their rooms due to overbooking, that happned TWICE to different people that I saw just in the two nights we were there. Marriot needs to do something about that......	
Sep 6 2007	Marriott service great location pleasant stay	I booked through the website a room for me and 2 friends, for 3 nights in August: no bad surprises, the place is worthy the money.Prosposition, unbeatable: the cable car is just a block away, and the wharf, very lively during the evening (but not that much afterwards) is just across the street behind.the breakfast, really a bargain, is priced 13 bucks: just keep the chef busy, he knows inside out the 'eggs job'. great variety of fruit and juices fresh for realinternet: only one pc, but surfing is free, and easysmall things, which often make the difference: the courtesy of concierges and front staff in general, the complimentary newspaper outside the door in the morning, the express checkout etcConsNothing remarkable, honestly. Maybe the parking, which is in the next building, is not that cheap at 22 dollars per day, but being indoor is probably a nice bonus during the winter.I recommend this hotel to anyone, for three people 199 usd per night is reasonable enough.	
Aug 15 2007 	Arrive early...or else	For Fisherman's Wharf this is not bad. For the rest of San Fran, you can do better. Was initially very disappointed when we arrived with our 3 children at midnight only to find that the hotel had been over booked and there was not a room waiting for us. Thus we had to go down the street to the currently being remodeled Sheraton for 1 night. Room there was comped, but smelled of smoke. Anyway, the staff at the Courtyard understood our complaints. I had even called the hotel at 5 PM and told them of my anticipated late arrival. They knew I was coming with kids as I asked if there were any rollaways still available. On the second day of our stay they contacted me and said they did have our room available and there was a rollaway already in the room. They also provided buffet breakfast for the remainder of the 3 days. They stated that upper management overbooks the hotel in order to guarantee they will be full. This still does not make sense to me because if I don't show up, the room is still charged to my credit card. The hotel itself is reasonably clean. Rooms were standard Courtyard rooms. Hallways dark and depressing. Staff very nice and accomodating. For a little more $$, would consider the Argonaut down the street or a hotel in downtown area.	
Aug 12 2007 	A good choice	A four night stay here with wife and two teens was a good choice. I had concerns about staying in the wharf area as being too touristy, but overall, for a family, it is probably a better choice than Union Square locales. I agree with other reviews, access to transportation is great with Hyde Street cable car tunaround just a block or so away, and the F line trolley that takes you all around the waterfront, to Embarcedaro Center and Union Sqaure/Market Street. Location for the price I feel is a good buy (Got in for just under $200 a night), with parking in garage next door about half the price of other hotels. The rooms are clean, although a bit sparse,. If you are looking to stay in the hotel most of the time, find one with more amenities. But if you are on the go sightseeing most of the time, you won't go wrong here.	
Aug 12 2007 	Great Location	The Courtyard at Fisherman's Wharf is ideally located just one block from the Wharf. It's also located very close to the Powell/Hyde cable cars, a must do while visiting the city. It's a 5-7 minute walk to the famed Pier 39. For those planning a visit to Alcatraz, I recommend the F-line trolly which will drop you off at Pier 33. This is the pier that the Alcatraz tour boats are launched.	
Aug 11 2007 	Pretty good hotel excellent location	Stayed at the Courtyard FIsherman's Wharf with the family for 6 nights. Overall, not a bad place. We had a room facing the inner courtyard, which was requested as a result of other reviewers' complaints about noise in rooms facing the streets. Not exactly noise-free, but reasonably quiet. The biggest plus is the location, which can't be beat. It was conveniently located within walking distance from the Wharf, Ghirardelli Square, and the Hyde St. turnaround for the cable car. Further away, but still within walking distance was Lombard St and Little Italy, the Bay Tour and Alcatraz boats. Walgreens on the corner, the F line trolley around the corner, the parking lot all convenient. The hotel itself was dated and could use freshening up. The front desk staff was very polite. There was no rollaway available for the first night, which made sleeping arrangements uncomfortable; we were not assessed an additional charge for the rollaway for the rest of the stay, which was a nice recompensation. The toiletries are paltry, really small bottles of shampoo and conditioner, not enough for a whole family. When we requested more &quot;toiletries&quot;, we were sent a couple of extra rolls of toilet paper, so a more specific request had to be made for shampoo et. al. During our stay, a seal broke in the toilet, causing it to flush too hard, swirling water all over the bathroom, not a pretty sight. On the other hand, the maintenance people were very prompt and very apologetic, and repaired things quickly. The coffee and newspapers in the lobby were great, as was the TV and the internet access. We didn't eat in the restaurant, opting for Denny's (pricey) and IHOP a few blocks away (better deal) for breakfast daily.	
Jul 19 2007 	Great location comfortable room excellent staff	I'll preface this with the comment that I usually stay at Marriott Brand hotels and this was my first stay at the Courtyard at Fisherman's Wharf. I found the hotel location excellent and used a 7-day MUNI passport (just 24 dollars) to get around town.The location is just one block off Jefferson Street in the Fisherman's Wharf area and two blocks from the cable car turnaround at Hyde Street (Aquatic Park); the other cable car turnaround is at Taylor Street and about three block away.Access to San Francisco MUNI lines to the Embarcadero, North Beach, Financial District and Chinatown is within 2 blocks of the hotel.I found most Fisherman's Wharf tourist attractions within 5-10 minute walking distance and taxi fares to from the hotel to the Financial District is around 8 dollars, if you prefer private transportation.There are many dining possibilities in the Fisherman's Wharf area (I tried Tarrantino's, Blue Mermaid, Hooters and Cappuro's), but also went for dinner in the North Beach area (Pantarei and Firenze by Night).Finally, the room I had was very nice and comfortable and the staff was very helpful; I would rate them as excellent.	
Jul 18 2007 	Great Place	This was a great place to stay. It was off the beaten path enough where we didn't have a lot of problems with traffic noise like some of the reviews said we might. Only about a 1/2 a block from the F line which is the only MUNI transportation system within the Wharf. No continental breakfast, they do have an inhouse cafe though. Close to Scoma's Resturant too, best seafood EVER!!!!!!!!!	
Jul 13 2007	Nice Hotel	My family and I (me, wife, and two young boys) stayed one night in this hotel on our way through SF. It was in a good area. Walking distance of Fisherman's Wharf, Alcatraz Ferry, and the F-Line Street car and cable cars.The room was very clean, bed very comfy and free wired internet access. My only complaint is street noise. We were on the street side of the hotel, and the street was pretty noisy with people all night long. Not really the hotels fault, just the location.This hotel ain't cheap, but it is in the middle of a very touristy area. The only way I was able to stay here was by using some Marriott gift certificates we had.	
Jul 6 2007	Nice place!	Great location. Easy walking to all the fun things.Big rooms that were very clean and nicely updated.Yummy cookies and candies at front desk!Parking was $22 and right next door, a real steal for the area.Very nice staff - even if the concierge IS a little exuberant!! :)	
Jun 17 2007 	Short but Sweet	My wife, 4 year old son and I stayed her for 3 nights on June 7th 2007. It is a great location to stay at if you want to see the sights and sounds of Fisherman's Wharf. Everything is within easy walking distance. Fisherman's Grotto is good for dinner, it's been arounf for over 70 years. The hotel staff were very friendly at the hotel especially the one girl at the front desk, I forget her name, she may have been from the phillipines ? I guess it was because she payed special attention to our son. Also there was a guy on the night shift named Frank that was very friendly. The only thing that I didn't neccesarily agree with was the extra parking fee. I guess all the hotels charge this fee (oh well, what can you do ) You can catch the trolly car really close by one block up the turn around is there. It will take you right downtown. Ghiradelli's is close by, go there for some icecream. Also book Alcatraz on-line before you head down they often sell out of there cruises to the island. Also in closing if you decide to go to the spy store across the street, be prepared to brace yourself when the girl behind the counter all of a sudden turns on one of the stun guns. It'll scare the pants off yuh !	
Jun 8 2007 	We Liked This Hotel!	We stayed at the Marriott Courtyard Fisherman’s Warf for four nights beginning May 30th, 2007. We found the hotel to be a clean, well kept and good value. The staff was friendly and helpful. The hotel is located on Beach Street on the west end Fisherman’s Warf within easy walking distance to the Cable Car turntable near Ghirardelli Square and to the attractions in the Fisherman’s Warf area. Self parking is available in the parking garage next door and hotel guests have in-and-out privileges. The room was spacious and clean with white bed linens and comforter. The all too common polyester bedspread was replaced with a simple runner at the foot of the bed designed to keep the white comforter clean if luggage is placed on the foot of the bed. The bed was comfortable and ample pillows were supplied (five per bed). The bathroom was clean and had a full-size tub and shower combination with the sink cabinet running the full length on the opposite wall. The air conditioner / heater was a self-contained unit and was quiet when the compressor cycled on and off. A nice feature of the unit was the ability to have the fan run continuously regardless of the compressor operation. This allowed for a soft white noise that I find helpful for a good sleep. Another plus was the free high speed internet service. Breakfast is available in the hotel. The full Courtyard Buffet is priced at $12.95 and the Continental Buffet priced at $8.95. A La Carte breakfasts are available beginning at $8.95. We are not big breakfast eaters, and we opted for less expensive fare elsewhere. The hotel is equipped with two guest washers and driers on the second floor. The cost to run a load of wash is $1.50 and $1.00 to dry. Complementary detergent and fabric softener is available at the front desk. Overall, we really liked the hotel. A note about the weather. If you are coming expecting the warm, sunny California experience that’s not San Francisco – which is ok, just be prepared. While we were here the temperatures were between the mid 50’s and the lower 60’s, with a good breeze off the water. The combination of temperature, wind, and overcast skies can lead to a chilly experience if you are from a warmer climate. Many folks are apparently caught off guard by this since you see crowds of people all wearing new San Francisco jackets and sweatshirts.	
Jun 5 2007 	What an amazing location! Service could use an improvement.	We decided to travel down to San Fran for 2 nights the week of Thanksgiving. That apparently is the perfect time to go, because it was soooo easy to get around. The hotel's service was average. The front desk was super polite, but the concierge was so rude. We were trying to find an aquarium that I had gone to as a child, and he treated me like one. He said it didn't exist. Apparently, they were undergoing a major renovation, so I went to the scaled down version. It just made me upset that he didn't even try. I had to call 411 and get the information. The rooms were spacious and pretty clean. The location could not be beat! Right in the middle of everything, walking location to anything you could want. I walked every morning to go see the sea lions with a cup of coffee before everything got busier. It was the best!	
Jun 4 2007 	Nice hotel	We were able to get into this hotel without a reservation and still get a decent price. The rooms were spacious with nice accomodations. The hotel was clean. Easy walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf.Parking was $20 a dayNo Breakfast	
May 21 2007 	Ric the Consierge is like having a trip advisor on property	We stayed at Courtyard at Fisherman's Whaft on Friday May 11 and Thur/Fri May 17/18 and found it to be an excellent property. Staff were all very accomodating. Ric, the consierge, helped us plan our sightseeing, recommended a great place for breakfast and was very helpful. The property is right on the main strip and right in the heart of it all. A $22/per day parking fee was onsite and easily accessed. The rooms are not fancy, but are clean and quiet. We used points and were taken good care of. We recommend booking your Alcatraz trip before you go and plan to take something to cover your ears, it is cool and windy there on the bay! Be prepared. Also, there are a number of street performers, beware the BUSH MAN! He is on the wharf side of the street just across from Joe's Crab Shack and in front of Tarrantino's. He is waiting to scare the daylights out of you. He sits quietly with a bunch of bush limbs until you walk by, then he jumps out and frightens anyone who isn't paying attention. Also, be cautious with your valuables, there are many street urchins lurking around after dark.	
Feb 23 2007	Just fine	We stayed at the hotel for 3 nights during Xmas and it was quite pleasant.The hotel is older, but it's not run down. I like having a separate sofabed and a king bed. The bedding and mattress were quite comfortable, and the room was quiet.Parking was reasonable by SF prices at $24 with free in-out privileges at the Anchorage Center parking. Yes, Fisherman's Wharf is touristy, but so is most places within SF proper. I think it's nicer than Union Square (which I've stayed at previously) as it seems to have less panhandlers and it's not as crowded with people and tall buildings. I can't hear any traffic noises with a room that faced the courtyard, unlike at Union Square where I hear dsirens in the middle of the night.Now there's not many restaurants and shops around Fisherman's Wharf that's not touristy, but the hotel is very convenient to the Tram and Trolley stops (the tram is right outside the drug store). There's also an In-N-Out next door.Chinatown and Littly Italy is a pleasant 1/2 hour walk up Columbus (the most direct route and the flatest, relatively). It's a short 15 minute walk to the top of the famous Lombard St. Best to take the Trolley to Union Square. Ferry building is walkable and flat if walk around the coast but it's easier to take the tram.All in all I was pretty pleased by the stay. What would make it perfect is if they have a kitchen or at least a fridge.	
Jan 27 2007	Nice but needs renovation	Nice hotel, very touristy location. The rooms were your average Courtyard quality, a bit dated though. Clean and average facilities. BEWARE, if you are paying cash .. they will ask for $250 plus room and tax up front. Deposit will be mailed back to you. This all due to smokers who don't adhere to the nonsmoking policy.	
Oct 24 2006 	Great Hotel	Had a great experience at the Courtyard. Two couples travelling together for a 3-night stay 10-15 thru 10-18-06. Check-in was painless, and they even gave us adjoining rooms without being asked. The concierge was most helpful with advice about local attractions, etc. The location is perfect, very convenient to all the attractions of Fishermans Wharf, and handy to the cable car line. Several good restaurants are within walking distance. The rooms were well-furnished and extremely clean. Check-out was quick and easy, and we used the lobby internet service to print our boarding passes before heading to the airport. There is a charge, but the front desk will give you a card that allows you free access if you ask. I would certainly not hesitate to stay here again.	
Oct 20 2006 	convenient and affordable hotel	this hotel is convenient in the Fisherman's Wharf area. Only a few blocks to Pier 39 and Ghiradelli Square. The rooms feature two queen beds which was fine for the 2 adults and 2 children. The carpet in the rooms seemed a little worn, but overall the room hotel was good. Parking for this hotel was an additional $22 per day.	
Oct 4 2006 	great hotel great location	This hotel is wonderful. A friend and I stayed here for 2 nights Sept 28-30, 2006. The hotel was very clean and had very spacious rooms. There is free internet in the lobby. The hotel is about 1 block from the main wharf area, so it's near lots of restaurants and touristy shops. I highly recommend it!	
Aug 25 2006	Great location 	I would highly rate this hotel as a mid priced hotel. Absolutely great location, just one street back from the front of Fishermans Wharf, the staff were friendly ,the rooms clean and comfortable .But the restaurant was a bit dingy (go over the road at the back to the cafe for a great breakfast) and the bathoom etc was more utilitarian than luxurious, eg all plastic moulding for the bath and sink.But in its class very good	
Aug 22 2006	okay hotel	Good location for the wharf but be warned there is a cutting wind from the Bay, slightly inland may be more comfortable, even in July. This hotel was well maintained and as with most Courtyard you know what you are getting. This one was, clean, and friendly with a great view of the 4th July fireworks from the car park next door!! No need to fight the crowds or the cold. If I had a critisism, can someone invent an in room coffee machine that just boils water. As a tea drinker, every cup tasted of coffee! Tea was free and available within certain hours in the lobby I just seemed to miss it!	
Aug 1 2006	Hotel exceeded my expectations	I stayed here for 3 nights back in Mid July and I cannot speak highly enough of the place. The location was fantastic - 2 minutes to Fisherman's Wharf and the cable car stop etc. The rooms were large and clean.The staff were fantastic, they could not help you enough. The concierge who greeted us on the night we arrived was an absolute doll. There were heaps of food choices close by (particularly if you like seafood). We ate breakfast a couple of times at the hotel and it was OK. There was not a huge buffet or anything but it did the job and for $10 I thought that was good value.  I would certainly stay here again and would have no hesitation in recommeding it.	
Jul 28 2006	Great choice	Stayed here for four days and loved it. It is a great choice to be located very near almost everything, especially if on foot. We did have a car and the parking arrangement is pretty good, it is a public garage adjacent to the hotel property and a lot of space is given to Hertz and Avis, but there were still a lot of spaces. The garage did have the &quot;full&quot; sign out during the day on the weekend but we were either on foot or out and about using the car and always had a space when returning at night. The staff was very friendly and the room very clean. It is just nothing fancy but far from run-down looking. There is street noise but that is because it is a hopping, active area with peeps up and down the sidewalks all the time. I like that activity, and was not bothered at night. If you don't like hordes of people from all over the world walking, riding tour buses, riding bikes, and generally having a good time, then you don't want to be anywhere around Fishermans' Wharf.	
Jul 17 2006	Excellent location and staff	We stayed at this hotel for seven days. The hotel location was excellent. Only 2 blocks from cable car turnaround, across the street from The Cannery shops and there were restaurants everywhere around. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean and the beds were comfortable. We had a very enjoyable stay here. There is a Walgreen's less than a block away with every sort of snack, pre-made sandwiches and photo developing.	
Jun 24 2006 	Great Location – Friendly Service	June 20th – June 22nd, 2006 – The PCBC show took me to San Francisco on business. I spent two nights at the Courtyard by Marriott at Fisherman’s Wharf and could not have been happier with my stay.Check-in was fast, friendly and easy. I received the King Non-Smoking room that I had requested. My room, #403 was on the top floor overlooking the intersection of Beach and Leavenworth. I opened the window and enjoyed the fresh air and the sounds from the street below. I was neither kept awake nor woken by the street noise.Room #403 had a comfortable king bed with the new-style Courtyard linens and five feather pillows. The couch was a queen-size sofa bed. The work desk and chair were functional and comfortable. The hotel offers complimentary Wayport high speed internet service which worked perfectly. The TV had more cable channels than most Courtyard TV’s and a selection of pay-per-view movies.The bathroom was reasonably large and had a combination tub and shower. It was perfectly clean and there were towels for four. There was a small coffee maker in the bathroom but I opted for the free coffee in the lobby each morning.The Courtyard Café is located on the 2nd floor. Lilly makes great omelets and is also very friendly. The rest of the breakfast buffet did not seem quite up to Courtyard standards. It was less expensive to order a cooked omelet with coffee, juice and toast than to get the hot buffet.I stopped by the exercise room also located on the 2nd floor. There were two treadmills, a stationary bike, and a universal-style weight machine. A TV was available to help pass the time and there were fresh towels and ice water.My one negative comment about this hotel is the condition of the hallways. The rooms have been re-done recently and look great. The hallways seemed dark and the carpet and décor outdated. The location of the hotel is great. It is just one short block from Fisherman’s Wharf, one block from the Cable Car turn-around and the street car lines are just around the corner. It is literally in the center of everything happening in the Fisherman’s Wharf area. For those who need their daily Starbucks coffee, it is also right around the corner. There is a Hooters on the ground floor of the hotel as well as a pizza place. Also in the same block are an In-N-Out Burger, a Walgreens drug store, both Hertz and Avis car rental, a liquor/deli, and two ice cream shops. The Cannery, with more shops and restaurants is just across the street to the West.I did not drive, but the Courtyard offers very reasonable parking for $15.00 per day next door to the hotel.When in San Francisco again, I will likely stay at the Courtyard Fisherman’s Wharf. It was a good value considering the town was full, very convenient, and very friendly.	
May 29 2006	Nice but....	Let's start w/ the positives...the location was superb. It was close to EVERYTHING you needed to see in the Wharf area. The staff was very friendly and the room was not spectacular, but very nice (in appearance). We had a corner suite with a separate living room. The parking was cheap for SF ($15) for the garage next door w/ in and out privledges. One problem, it was Memorial Day weekend and the garage was almost full when we arrived. As someone mentioned in an earlier post, the breakfast was WAY over priced, but we really didn't know what to expect and it was convenient. We had the breakfast buffet. It was just a notch above a free breakfast at a Residence Inn. They did have some items that you wouldn't find at an RI breakfast (omelets, potatoes, any style egg)...but I could have done without those items for $13 price tag. There was a Denny's (ugh) across the street, that might have been a better option.The major problem had to do with those darned garbage trucks someone mentioned in another review. After a long previous day and a 12pm check out time, all I wanted to do was sleep in. No such luck, as I was awoken to the sound of garbage trucks outside my window that lasted from about 5am - 6am. Down the street there was a row of large dumpsters and they're not quiet when picked up and slammed down. It was literally like there was no wall there at all. The kids were up and there went my chance to sleep in. Our room was facing the street and parking garage on Beach St. Right before I went to sleep, I could easily hear a conversation of a group of people walking down the street. The windows are single paned, not sure if that was one of problems, but like I said it was like there was no wall or window there at all...the noise just came in so easily. I read similar noise issues in other parts of the hotel. After the trucks left the area it was quiet, but that was of little consolation. Not sure if I'd stay there again, as it was the only hotel I found with 2 queen beds and suite in the area. Those are musts in my book. I think finding a quiet place to sleep will be a little more important next time.	
Mar 28 2006	Location Location Location	This hotel offers a clean and nicely furnished room, and I felt it was reasonably priced for the area. The location was perfect. A very short distance to Fishermans Wharf and the cable cars. The staff was also very nice.	
Mar 10 2006 	Not Worth the Money	The hotel is very close to tourist areas, and offers free internet access. However, this is an outdated hotel where every noise carries, doors are slamming all night, fruit flies in the lobby (at least when I was there), and overpriced bfast. I know you are going to overpay at Tourist's Wharf, but at $189 (with taxes) this was way overpriced. Keep looking.	
Aug 28 2005	Great Spot	The hotel is in a great location 1 block from Fisherman's Wharf. The staff was very friendly and polite. I had a room with two queens and a rollaway for my family of four. I requested a mini refrigerator and microwave which came in very handy. My room faced a shopping courtyard area instead of the street. The hotel has a limited number of rooms with balconies. I would definitely stay at this hotel the next time my family stays in San Francisco!	
Jul 25 2005	Great location	We stayed for two nights in mid July 2005. The location was great, and the room clean. We had requested a rollaway bed for our seven year old, and they gave us a sofa bed which was great. The linens for the sofa bed were not in the room, but the next morning when the maid made up the room she made up the sofa bed. It was no big deal as we had a sleeping bag for our son. Everthing was clean. The breakfast in the mornings was very nice. The only downside was the parking fee was this was only $15 compared to $25 at the Holiday Inn.	
Apr 12 2005	Goods and bads - Read review		
Feb 14 2005	Average Courtyard Property		
Jan 10 2005	Nice location but old rooms		
Dec 14 2004	These people are nuts! This is a great hotel		
Dec 8 2004	Trash Trucks or Bar Fights - take your pick - but still OK		
Sep 28 2004	Loved the Marriott Courtyard		
Sep 7 2004	D-U-M-P !!!		
Aug 4 2004 	Great location		
Jul 20 2004	Good location		
Jun 30 2003	Good location but bad exterior		
Jun 30 2003	Prima Hotel		
Sep 9 2009 	Correcto pero nada de especial.		
Aug 18 2009 	????????????????		
Jul 7 2009 	ottimo hotel!		
