Nov 19 2009 	Trip to SF	August while hot in most of the country can be a little chilly in SF. You need a heavy Jacket and long pants because of the fog that rolls in very thick. If you don't you'll be running to one of those kiosks that sell SF stuff and buying sweats and jackets. This happened to me while staying at the Marriott Fisherman's Wharf!	
Oct 26 2009 	Nice hotel Great location	Marriott was very nice. It had extremely comfortable beds and was very clean. The location was fabulous. It was only 1 block away from the Cable cars, and was easy walking distance to the wharf. Only knock was there really was no place in the lobby to sit and visit with anyone. They had a lobby bar, that was OK, but was hoping for more of a hangout area in the lobby.	
Oct 20 2009 	Near great sights	I was so close to places we wanted to go. They even helped us choose places to go and places to eat. The price of the room were good priced for how close we were to big attractions.	
Oct 10 2009 	Great Location	Great location near lots of good restaurants. Although I was only in SFO a day for 24 hours on a business trip, the hotel was 1-2 blocks from everywhere I needed to go. I was able to get a bit of sightseeing in.Rooms were great. The bed was very comfortable and I slept better than at home.	
Oct 8 2009	Fanfreakintastic	i have never slept in a more comfortable bed. i was asleep before i got the covers over me. The free breakfast was better than many breakfast buffets that i have paid for.	
Oct 5 2009 	Good Choice for Tourism	My wife and I stayed here for 3 nights. The hotel is very clean. I think it was just remodeled. They were painting the outside, which was not bothersome. It is a typical Marriott, albeit a bit on the small side. Front desk was very nice except for one older, surly guy. Also, they do not have safes in the room, so leave valuables at home. otherwise, you can get a safety deposit box at the desk, but it will be a hassle. We never travel with valuables so it was not a problem for us. Marriott FW has nice fireplaces in the lobby to cozy up to with a bottle of wine. Convenient location to many attractions including, Fisherman's Wharf, Embarcadero, Ferry to Alcatraz, pier 39 for sea lions, Buena Vista for irish coffess, and more...all within walking distance. I suggest buying water at the Walgreens 2 blocks down towards the pier since, the hotel charges a lot for water and they give you an empty fridge to use. Overall, this place is a good choice, especially if you get a good rate. We paid $80/night through Priceline.	
Sep 30 2009 	Clean and friendly hotel in great location.	This is the first time I have taken my family to San Fransisco so wanted excellent quality and price. I got both.The hotel was very clean, staff helpful and friendly. The room was exactly what I had asked for and had linen changed daily. I used the hotel computer to confirm my flight seats and printed my boarding passes all for no extra charges. When I wanted to use my own computer free of charge I used the link cable in the telephone booth and it worked with no problems. A shortcut in/out of the hotel was at the rear to go to Fishermans Wharf and was secure as needed room key to open.	
Sep 20 2009 	Great location and comfortable room	It couldn't have been a better location if you like a little more touristy area, which we do. After all, we ARE tourists! We love walking, so we very seldom had to use the car, except to go to Golden Gate Park and the Painted Ladies Victorian houses. It was a wonderful experience in a beautiful hotel. The only downside is that it cost over $50/day (with tax) to park! I think that's pretty standard in that area. I would recommend not even having a car and using the buses or cables cars.	
Sep 15 2009 	Get A Good Rate-Well Worth The Price	Roooms: newly remodeled, comfortable beds, LCD TV, nice decor.Close to cable cars, and bus line in front of hotel. If you can geta good rate, this hotel is certainly worth staying in. But, having saidthat, the other Marriott hotels in the city are nicer. I found it odd thatthe main hotel restaurant was closed at dinner. The bar area served food. I can't put my finger on it, but something is missingat this hotel. I paid $97 week-end rate which was a great price.	
Aug 31 2009 	Great location just OK hotel	The room was not very clean, no amenities and could not get heater to turn to cooler. High cost place with low quality.	
Aug 29 2009 	Great Room	The staff at this hotel was friendly and attentive. When we arrived early in the day our room wasn't ready and they held our bags for us while we went for lunch on the Wharf. The hotel was newly remodled so the carpet and wallpaper in the hallways was fresh along with the room. Our room was very clean and comfortable and included a small fridge which was nice. I like my room at a fairly cold temperature and the air conditioner cooled quickly and kept the room at a steady temperature. The shower head was high enough to accomodate taller individuals. The fitness center has new equipment including treadmills, elipticals, and benches to use dumbells on. We could hear some light road noise at night. The hotel is a triangle shape so request an inner room to avoid this. This property exceeded my expectations and I would stay here again.	
Aug 27 2009 	Good site for all the sea attraction	Difficult to get 'proper' teabags--only coffee makers available but OK for heating water for tea. Tea obtained from bar in foyer--reluctantly given by staff.Rooms spacious , beds comfortable and bathroom larger than in UK.PC available for booking flight seats online.	
Aug 23 2009 	Little Touches Made All the Difference!	While there were fees and tips to be paid, I would come back here in a minute!!!! They really care!!!! Through the online virtual concierge, I requested something special for my little boy, who had never been to SF, not expecting much. What I got was so kind! They left him a box of Valentine's candy (it was Valentine's Day) with baseballs on it and chocolate-dipped strawberries. I was impressed. The beds were very comfortable. There is not much of a view, but the nice beds make up for it. We had a wonderful stay. This is situated right in the middle of Fisherman's Wharf, so it's great for kids.	
Aug 19 2009 	Pablo the concierge made all the difference.	Four of us, friends, traveled to San Francisco for the first time. We had investigated ahead of time, but needed help with restaurant suggestions, tours, etc. Pablo, the concierge, took care of us with humor, attentive detail and follow-through. Our trip was wonderful, and he deserves a lot of the credit. The hotel is fine, and it was nice to be in the Wharf area. We will return !	
Aug 10 2009 	It was fine.	Hotel was fine. Location is ok - not too close to the wharf so it isn't in the all the traffic there. Room was clean. Concierge was super friendly and helpful. Parking is ABSURD. $45/day + tax = $52!! Valet only. Comfy bed. Front desk staff was horrible - we called before we arrived and the gentleman we spoke to was rude and would not answer questions. Once we arrived, it was the same attitude. Internet is $12.95/day in the rooms - we paid for the 24 hour period and the service went down about 1am. Asked about 9am when it would be back up and they didn't know, so we asked for a credit since we only had about 8 hours of the 24 hour period. Got attitude from the front desk about that.	
Aug 5 2009 	Good location - facilities could be better	Hotel is very good located but rooms are pretty old and the service is not so good.	
Aug 3 2009 	Watch out for big valet fee!	While I was happy to see that my room rate was about $135/night, I was shocked to learn at check-in that there would be a valet fee of $45/PER NIGHT. And that fee is required. This was not explained to me upon booking the reservation, so what I originally thought was a good rate ($135/night) quickly became a much higher rate than I was willing to pay. While this hotel is in a good location and is clean, you really should know that whatever rate you are quoted when you book will actually be more than $50 higher PER NIGHT, once the valet charge and other taxes and fees are applied.If you are set on staying at Fisherman's Wharf, there are plenty other hotels in the area that I would encourage you to research. This valet fee was ridiculous.	
Jul 10 2009 	Excellent location. Superb service. Very clean and well maintained.	Exceptional service from the front desk to the bellmen to the valet to housekeeping. We had a Jr Suite. Washer and dryer available at hotel at no additional charge.	
Jul 6 2009 	Great Location in San Francisco	I used my Marriott Rewards points to stay at this location for the Fourth of July weekend. Arrived by car on the 3rd at 10:45 in the morning thinking they would park my car and hold our bags until a room is ready for us at the 4:00 check-in time. A great treat to be able to check into a room before 11:00 that morning! Once we handed the keys for valet parking, never needed the car again until leaving after two nights! We rode the bus to the Giants game one evening (bus stop across the street) and took a cab back to the hotel after the game for only $11.50! The next morning we walked a couple of blocks to the cable car starting point and were on our way within 15 minutes. (The earlier the better or be prepared for a long, long line!). Got off the cable car at the end of the line in downtown SF and hopped on the bus to bring us back to the wharf. Great location to walk to great restaurants, Pier 39, etc. Between the concierge, bell captain, and valet guys, getting information was never a problem.	
Jun 29 2009 	Great room but look out for a giant valet parking fee!	We stayed at the Marriott Fisherman's Wharf for a mini-vacation. We chose this hotel for its convenient location near Fisherman's Wharf and close proximity to BART so we could go to an Oakland A's game. We took a short cab ride to the Embarcadero BART station to get to the game. The valet was very helpful in getting our cab and the taxi fare was relatively inexpensive. The location is within walking distance to everything in the Fisherman's Wharf area. Our room was very nice, it was in a recently remodeled section and everything was very clean and new. The bed was very comfortable. There was a large flat-screen TV and internet access. Staff was courteous and accommodating. We did receive a bit of a shock when we looked at our hotel bill upon check-out. We expected a valet parking fee because every hotel has a fee for parking. However, a fee of $45.00 per day was added along with $6.33 in parking tax on top of that. This parking fee was not disclosed at check-in. Unfortunately, there are few options if you are driving and plan on parking. There is no street parking available so if you plan on staying, be sure to factor in this $51.33 fee per day into your hotel budget.	
Jun 23 2009 	Great Stay	Clean Hotel, Great Location, Friendly Staff, Most Comfortable beds!!! Would recommend	
May 22 2009 	Great location at Fisherman's Wharf with easy MUNI access to North Beach.	I stayed here for a week with business in the Financial District; my previous stay a year and a half earlier was also for a week at the Courtyard at Fisherman's Wharf a block away from the Marriott. I found both to be very satisfactory.The Marriott is between North Point and Bay Street on Columbus Ave with easy MUNI access on two sides of the hotel. The number 10 on the North Point side of the hotel runs east to the Embarcadero then Battery, Samsome and past Market Street in the Financial District. Another MUNI on the Columbus Ave side of the hotel (I don't recall the number) goes through North Beach, but turns off at Stockton in the middle of a bunch of restaurants. Definitely consider scoping out Sodini's Green Valley on Green Street and Firenza.I found the hotel, my room and staff to be very satisfactory. I did not have meals there, so cannot comment on that aspect of the hotel. As with most Marriott hotels, the hotel restaurant / lounge serves their 'premium' brands, but pricing is similar to restaurants in the area and in North Beach.Another comment about the location, the North Beach Shopping Center is about 2 1/2 blocks away on Bay Street. There's a Safeway store there, if you like to browsing for food and stuff as I do (being a single guy). There's also a place called the Blue Mermaid on Jefferson Street the serves up a very cozy nautical breakfast experience. Tarantino's Restaurant is also on Jefferson Street; I seem to always go for the chowder for starters, have the steamed clams bordelaise and add the garlic bread (to soak up some broth) . . . wine makes this combo so tasty.happy travelsgmk	
May 22 2009 	Noisey...Noisey...Not all that	Was not impressed with the hotel. It was noisey, and the rooms where small. Staff was rude. The hotel's website advertised roll away beds, upon check-in the hotel had none! The also charge $50 a day for parking, which was not disclosed until check-in.	
May 19 2009 	Comfortable hotel at Fisherman's Wharf	The hotel is located in Fisherman's wharf area and it takes around $ 45 by taxi and $ 16 per passenger by shuttle from SFO International airport. The hotel is a stone's throw away from Pier 41 and offers a pretty comfortable and convenient stay. The MUNI tram terminal is also just a couple of blocks away. There are plenty of shops and restaurants within the vicinity of the hotel. Pier 39 is around .75 miles from the hotel and one can either walk down or take the public transport. The hotel has a bar and a restaurant at the lobby level besides a souvenior shop. The concierge is also very efficient and can be quite helpful in organising local sightseeing trips. The rooms were average in size and were done up in a trendy manner and had all the basic ameneties. Overall a had a good stay.	
May 12 2009 	Lovely Hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and would recommend it.Our room was at the end of the hall and had a nice view of Fisherman's Wharf and a peek view of the water. The room was large with two double beds, which were very comfortable. The bathroom was spotless and the shower was great with a large shower head. The location was ideal, as we did not have a car. The public transportation was easy to access from the hotel and the concierge was very helpful in telling us which buses to take. The hotel is located just a block from a Walgreens and a Starbucks, and many other stores within a short distance. I also appreciated the airline check-in kiosk located in the lobby, and being able to print my boarding passes for no charge. I cannot comment on the restaurant, we thought breakfast was a little pricey so we went elsewhere. We booked early and got a great rate which made this hotel a great value for the money.	
Apr 27 2009 	GREAT WEEKEND	My husband I planned a night in SF. When we arrived our room was not ready, but that was ok. We sat at the bar and had a couple of drinks. The bartender there I believe his name is Juan made great drinks a little pricey but great. The room was ready shortly after we arrived. The room itself was very clean, the bed was sooooooooo comfy. The staff there was excellent from Juan the bartender, to Carmen who checked us in. Mike was the bell man who brought our luggage up. He was very friendly and informative. He put our luggage away for us and was just an all around nice guy. We are definetly going to book this hotel again.The only 2 things I have to say is the little store that's in the hotel is pricey so if you forgot anything or need tylenol or food/drink go to the Walgreens that is a block away down by the wharf. Parking you have to pay for $45 if you are lucking down the street they have parking along the street but you take the risk of someone breaking in.	
Apr 20 2009 	Not Impressed by this Marriott	My husband and I stayed at this location from 4/13-4/16 on the 5th floor. The good news is that the location is fantastic. There is a Walgreens, Barnes and Nobles, Trader Joes, Safeway, and numerous restaurants all within walking distance of the hotel.  The bad news is that the rooms are much too small. Check-in was okay but the lady just didn't seem too cheerful or welcoming. Room service took over 45 minutes just to deliver a hamburger past 10:00pm The worst part was that we heard traffic all night long. There was also a howling noise coming from either the wind or a generator outside. It just isn't relaxing on a vacation to hear that much noise.  The best service was provided with the valet attendants and in the bar the night we stopped by to have a couple drinks. They were friendly and welcoming.  We have stayed at quite a few Marriotts in the past and this is by far the most disappointing. I was expecting much more. We filled out a form on-line for concierge service prior to arriving. We had requested extra towels and a welcome package delivered to our room that we would be paying for. We received nothing the day of arrival. Needless to say, this was disappointing. That just shows us how much they really value their guests. We won't be staying at this location again. I'll try the Hyatt down the block.	
Apr 20 2009 	Clean and comfortable	We stayed one night here over Easter weekend. Our hotel room was newly renovated and extremely comfortable. The bellman was very friendly and told us where we might like to eat in Chinatown and also how to get there on the cable cars. We were close enough that we walked to both Fisherman's Wharf to sightsee and Ghiradelli Square for ice cream. The kids loved it! This hotel is close to everything! Oh, but parking is expensive! I guess it's expensive anywhere is S.F. but it's $45 a night... so be sure to tack that on any price you are quoted.	
Mar 24 2009 	Not up to Marriott standards - Very rude staff!!	Our family went to San Francisco for Spring Break. We made reservations well in advance. Upon arriving at 5:30 pm we were told our room was not ready and that we would have to take a room with a king, not the 2 double beds we had reserved. The desk clerk assured me he would have a roll away sent right up for our daughter. Needless to say, that at 11:00pm that night there was no roll away and we had made 2 calls to the front desk for help. Finally, at 11:30 pm the rollaway arrived with a very hard matress and a paper thin blanket.We have stayed at many Marriott hotels, and have never been treated this poorly. Just a heads up to anyone thinking about booking a room here, I would suggest looking elsewhere. We have also stayed at the Argonaut on Fisherman's Wharf and could not have been happier with the service we received.	
Mar 20 2009 	nice but PRICEY with RUDE concierge	We stayed here for 2 nights during our visit to SF. I wish I had been better prepared and &quot;hotel shopped&quot; on this site. (I was discouraged from doing so by hubby who wanted to be &quot;spontaneous&quot;.) With taxes and parking, our room was 199.97/night. This was very comparable to the Hilton and Holiday Inn directly across the street, I ultimately chose Marriott because the person on the telephone was so friendly and accomodating (thank you Cory!). We were very tired upon checkin and had questions about the area/sights etc. The concierge was on break and the gentleman at the desk was most helpful. Our rooms were beautiful with a tiny view of the top of the Golden Gate bridge and the street below. We went back downstairs and the concierge was still &quot;on break&quot;.We went out for dinner at an In&amp;Out burger (did I mention I was with a teenager? lol) and when we came back the concierge was at the lobby checkin desk. I jokingly said &quot;oh there you are!&quot; and he told me he had been on break the 2 previous times we looked for him. He was visiting with another gentleman and was not at his desk. The next morning when I got info from him he told me I had nearly gotten him in trouble with his boss for my comment about his absence.He provided me with the information I requested but didn't seem too friendly. I much preferred getting my info from the friendly folks at the lobby desk. Parking was expensive $40/day. We walked everywhere. The bellman, from Armenia, was super nice as well. I had to do laundry at the hotel as we had been on the road for several days. The laundry room was free w/2 washers/dryers. Due to construction you had to access it from outside the building. This was the only inconvenience during the trip. Overall, we enjoyed our stay but would have looked elsewhere for a better price. for the location, it was great.	
Mar 4 2009 	Really oddly shaped rooms	Along with a very weird facade, the room layout for both rooms that we stayed in left me wondering whether the designer ever actually stayed at a hotel before. The exterior facade was just plain ugly and if you could imagine a building with acne, this building would be it. The hotel itself is on a triangular shaped block and in a great location in SF. It's very close to the Fisherman's Wharf and easily accessible to the cable cars and old time trolleys that run along the waterfront. Great Italian restaurants were within waking distance up Columbus Blvd.	
Feb 26 2009 	Newly Renovated	My fiance and I stayed here for a brief weekend get-a-way and thoroughly enjoyed it. The hotel is currently undergoing renovation and while 1/2 of our floor was closed, it did not interfere with our stay (and we were one of the first occupants of a newly renovated room). This was an excellent location to move about town and see the sights. The service was that of a typical Marriott. Valet parking was pricey and we were able to easily find street parking (for free!).	
Feb 3 2009	Great location loved the bed	A friend booked us into the Marriott Fisherman's Wharf. Upon arrival, the doors of the car were opened for us, our bags removed from the trunk and the car whisked away into parking. There is only valet parking at this location with 24 hour in and out privileges.Check in was smooth and swift. Our room was located on the 5th floor. There was only one elevator working the entire time we were there due to renovations being made on the 3rd and 4th floors, but we never had a problem waiting long for one to arrive. While our view was mainly of the Hilton across the street, there was a lovely view of Coit Tower above it.The room contained a small coffee maker, water for $4.00 per bottle, an HDTV (with confusing and difficult menus to manipulate to get the channel desired), an iPod docking station/clock radio. a chair and foot rest, good sized desk area, small table, the standard nightstands and king sized bed. The bed was very comfortable. It had a featherbed mattress topper, down comforter, feather and synthetic pillows to choose from and a light blanket as well. The sheets were smooth and soft. There were several outlets in the room. Internet connections are available for a price, but one may print boarding passes at a dedicated terminal by the front desk for free which saved me a good deal of time at the airport.The bathroom toiletries are from Bath and Body Works and ours were an orange ginger scent. The shower had a large and tall shower head, but my friend felt the water pressure could be higher. The toilet had one of the loudest flushes either of us had ever heard from the other room, even with the door shut.For the most part the room was quiet. However, the doors to the rooms were hard to shut unless closed firmly, thus, one could hear doors shutting all up and down the halls. The ambient noise from outside was not overwhelming, but one could hear horns honking and traffic moving.The concierge, John, was a tremendous help. He called a few restaurants on a Saturday evening just after five trying to get us reservations. The place he suggested was Albona's in North Beach, just a few blocks away. He called and convinced their maitre 'd to get us in before their dinner rush began. We were able to walk right over, be seated and were treated quite well, in part because of John's assistance.The breakfast buffet was standard fare. The made to order omelets are the best thing about it! One of my sausage links was not cooked which was unpleasant. The coffee left a good deal to be desired. The fruit was fresh. The staff friendly.Overall, I would say the staff was extremely helpful and friendly. This property is in a great location - just a few minutes walk from Ghiradelli Square, Fisherman's Wharf, and North Beach and easy in and out for driving.	
Dec 28 2008	No complaints whatsoever	We got a nice deal of $75/ night on Priceline. Going rate on hotel's website was $169. All the rooms are non-smoking. The room is a decent size, nice and clean with a coffeemaker, fridge, free newspaper everyday. The beds are the absolute most comfortable beds ever, even more comfortable than the 5-star beds we had in Vegas. It's not really a pillowtop bed, but they put a very comfy cushion that made it so so comfortable. The carpet is a little dated but not a dump. TV is old tube but we didn't care for it. Front desk was extremely helpful with our questions. You can print borading passes in the reception too. No internet in the room but you can connect downstairs in their email stations. Buffet was pricey at $20pp. Go next door at Denny's inside Holiday Inn for a cheaper breakfast. Location of this hotel is fine. If you are looking to stay at Fisherman's Wharf, I suggest you try Priceline so you'll get the best bang for your buck. All the hotels in this area (Sheraton, Holiday Inn, Hyatt, Radisson, Argonaut, Tuscann Inn etc.) are close and walkable to one another, so it doesn't matter which one you get. We ate at Sabella and Trattore, kinda like a local's place just beside Alioto restaurant . Food is cheap and great but general ambience is lacking and the area is filthy. Franciscan Restaurant just across is classy but expensive. The views are spectacular but the menu lacks lobster. We had the halibut and sturgeon and they were cooked to perfection. The best oyster we had was in the marketplace in the Ferry building where they give you a container and sell each piece for $1.50 and then you can sit down there and devour it. Freshest oyster we ever had! WE did this after taking the San Fran Comprehensive shuttle tour (highly recomended). Overall, San Francisco is very romantic, I would go there again in a heartbeat! I wouldn't mind staying at Marriott again!	
Nov 25 2008	Decent hotel	The Marriott is a good, decent choice in the Fisherman's Wharf area. The hotel is centrally located in the wharf, but away from the main street. Close enough to waterfront, but away from all of the noise. Also close to the cable car turnaround. The Fisherman's Wharf area is very touristy, with the atmosphere of a seaside town more than a big city. The hotel staff was friendly and helpful. The rooms are decent and clean, but, could definitely use some updating.While not the most luxurious hotel around, it is a solid choice and would recommend it if you get a reasonable price.	
Nov 23 2008	OK hotel	Stayed 2 nights.Pros: location, clean large room.Cons: free internet only in the business center which has only 2 computers with a sign (15 minutes per guest only). No pool, no sauna, no whirlpool.	
Nov 20 2008 	Well it's a place to stay	After a lengthy walk with luggage from our streetcar dropoff to the hotel (not knowing exactly how to get from point A to B), my wife and I dragged into the front lobby and up to the man behind the counter. &quot;He'll help you over there,&quot; he told us, and pointed to someone speaking to another young man. We stood at the ready, clutching our bags, tired, and then all three of them walked away and out of sight. I looked around, there was an older man sitting at a desk staring at his computer screen, obviously oblivious to guests. Thankfully, at this time a woman came out and started filling a cash register. She was human, told us she'd be right with us, and remarked about how everyone disappeared just now. As for the rest of the stay: The room is small but clean, a rather neutral place to spend time. The view out the window is of a bus stop and an office building, and one of the many local homeless. There are no amenities to the room save for the daily USA Today and the $4.50 bottle of water. You'll probably try to do what we did and buy a gallon of drinking water from the Walgreen's down the street. Don't- it tastes like melted plastic. We drank 2 of the $4.50 bottles in desperation. If you do buy, at least stick to the better stuff and avoid the Walgreen's brand. Anyway, back at the hotel, there is a coffee bar available in the morning downstairs, serving traditional Starbucks fare at traditional prices, tip jar intact. We didn't use the in house restaurant; instead opting for the known evil of Denny's located in the Holiday Inn a couple doors down, which was fairly expensive, as is basically everything at the Wharf. At checkout we saw that we'd been charged for a movie we supposedly ordered; we didn't, but maybe one of us mistakenly punched &quot;Buy.&quot; In any case the check out was nicer than the check in, and the nice lady (a different one than before) easily took the movie off.In summary: If I visited the Wharf again I probably would stay there once more, although I'd be willing to bet all the hotels are about the same and I'd be tempted to try something different. Not a bad experience, but not really a memorable one.	
Nov 6 2008 	Great service adequate room	I was in San Fran for 5 days attending a conference and pretty much everything in the city was booked by the time I found out I was going there. So the rate I got here was $289 USD/night. If I had been paying that myself, I would probably have been disappointed, as this property isn't really up to par with the bigger urban Marriotts.The room was just average (and actually, come to think of it, a little noisy (my room was on the fifth floor, overlooking North Point Rd), but the bed was very comfy..The hotel is conveniently located for the Fisherman's Wharf and North Beach areas and the staff is great. The wired internet in the rooms is $12.95 per 24 hours and the speed is adequate.The front desk staff and the doormen were very friendly and efficient.I had to use the business centre a few times and it is open 24/7 an accessible with your room key. It's small, but the computers they have there are decent.I didn't eat at the hotel restaurant or use their fitness facilities.If you're into Indian food, just down Columbus Ave. is Kennedy's Irish Pub, which also has a full Indian food menu. Strange as it may sound, their food is really, really good. I ate it twice while I was there. They deliver.	
Oct 25 2008 	BED BUGS	BED BUGS!I stayed at this hotel for a week for business, on Friday I realized i had bites. Since returning home I have had to disinfect everything. The hotel says they &quot;know how to detect&quot; bed bugs and they don't have any, my doctor says otherwise. This has been a horrible experience. I am constantly itching and the amount of time I have spent dedicated to cleaning and disifecting has been overwhelming. I am terrified I have now brought them into my home. The hotel has denied the existance of bed bugs, but I will never stay in this hotel again and go to San Francisco frequently. I would not stay here.	
Oct 22 2008 	Can't Belive this has the Marriott name! Very Dissapointed!	The air conditioning unit in my room was extremley loud. I asked for it to be looked at while we were out. When we came back the unit was simply turned off. It was never looked at. As a result, we had an engineer in our room at 9:30 in the evening when we wanted to call it a night after a long day of touring wine country. The engineer told me he gets this complaint all the time, but there is nothing he can do to fix it. He told me I should just turn it off if I want it quiet to sleep. After he left, the wall unit actually fell out of the wall. He had to come back to push it back in. Niiice. The entire hotel is small and dirty. I stay at Marriotts to get away from these sort of dumpy conditions. I would have rather been a bit further away and had nicer accomodations. The real thing that makes me angry is that when I booked through the Marriott 800 number, I asked them which was better, this or the one on Nob Hill. They gave me no indication that this one was such a pit. It's actually rated as a catagory 6 by the Marriott company. There is NO WAY. Certainly not the way I wanted to surprise my husband with a romantic getaway. Spend a fortune, fly 5 hours. Arrive by limo and stay in a hole. What an enormous dissapointment.	
Sep 22 2008 	Nice hotel for a quick business meeting.	Stayed at the Marriott San Francisco Fisherman's Wharf for a quick business meeting. This is a medium sized 4 story hotel that is between the Fisherman's Wharf and North Beach Areas. Small lobby, small bar area and a small sit down restaurant greet you when you check in. Check in was very efficient and quick. They have only two elevators and there is often a wait--catch them going down to go up! Stairs are not available for use between floors for some reason. Once you get up to your room there can be a bit of a walk to your room.Rooms are average sized--separate bathroom with shower-tub combo, bed, desk, table, chair. Minibar in room, no safe was available. Coffee maker available. I was on the third floor facing Columbus Ave. and was worried about the noise, but did not hear anything at night! Rooms were clean, bed was comfortable.Used the small gym which had a couple of flat screen TVs, a couple of treadmills, single elliptical and a single recumbent bike. A few machines and free weight sets were available. There are two laundry machines in the gym area. Fresh fruit and water were available. No one was staffing the room.Meeting rooms were good for our meeting. Rooms are downstairs from the lobby and they had connecting stairs.Food in the restaurant was OK. The food issue is not a big deal, if you are visiting San Francisco, you will always be eating out!Location is good given the proximity to the Fisherman's Wharf area and a few block walk to the Italian North Beach area. Concierge set us up with a local Italian restaurant--very nice place. If you take public transportation, the hotel is nearby bus routes.Valet parking is available--about $40 dollars a day. There is no self parking.Hotel was very busy when we were there--a combination of conventioneers and bus tour groups. The lobby and the elevators were the bottlenecks in the hotel.Would I stay here if I wasn't on a business trip? Probably not, can think of other places I would want to stay. But for a quick business trip it was OK.	
Sep 10 2008 	not my best experience with marriott	Let me start of by saying I am a big fan of Marriott hotels but i think if the members of the board of marriott stayed at this hotel they would not let them call it &quot;Marriott&quot;. The front desk staff hardly responded when we checked in. Handed my room card and pointed towards the elevators did not smile or extend any welcome. The evening concerge acted like i was disturbing him when I asked for info about places to see in Napa.On the second night my daughter left a Tiffanys neckace in bathroom on returning she found it missing when we called the front desk they abruptly transfered me to housekeeping who replied they knew nothing about it. What a suprise! No one ever called to address this theft. Which brings me to the issue as to why there was not a safe avail in the room? And lastly the beds where old and very uncomfortable, so if you stay here expecting atleast the well know comfort of Marriotts beds your out of luck.	
Aug 12 2008 	touristy but nice	We stayed at this hotel for three nights (August 3-6) Our room (469) was a nice king bed room - no view (looked out on the hotel across the street) but the bed was incredibly comfortable - featherbed - The room was clean and quiet. The daytime conceirge was a doll - he was so helpful, referred us to non-touristy restaurants. We asked for an authentic dim sum place in chinatown and he sent us to &quot;the place my relatives eat lunch&quot; it was great! The hotel is in perhaps the most touristy of neighborhoods, but it is convenient - we went to a SF Giants game and for $1.50, the bus was right outside the hotel..... the doorman had a taxi for us both nights within one minute when asked.... without paying $400 a night at one of the &quot;exclusive&quot; hotels in the city, this was a great place to stay and sleep!	
Aug 6 2008 	Overpriced and dirty	If you have a choice of where to stay in San Francisco, my advice would be not to stay at the Marriott. I stayed here for 3 nights and found the staff to be unfriendly &amp; inexperienced and the hotel generally dirty and outdated.Let me break it down for you.Front Desk &amp; Room Service: The front desk would not answer phone calls nor would room service. To place an order for room service you must leave a message detailing your order and wait for them to call back. On average it took about 30 minutes for room service to call back. When room service items were placed outside the room, they were not removed for days. You could see various plates with leftover food, bottles of wine, coffee cups and all sorts scattered throughout the hallways. This occured every day during my stay.Lobby Bar:Beware of the bar. On my last night at the Marriott I went down to the bar for drinks. There was only one bartender and she was clearly overwhelmed. She was not familiar with many cocktails and was surly with guests. I don't blame her, she should have had help. At one point she had to leave to get ingredients from the kitchen and the bar turned into a chaotic mess.For $300 a night, you would expect this hotel to be clean &amp; comfortable and the staff friendly &amp; experienced. When visiting SF again I will not be staying at this Marriott.	
Jul 28 2008	Best beds in the world!	The softest, largest and most comfy bed in the world!	
Jul 25 2008 	A Super Stay	The friendly staff at the hotel (desk and concierge) helped to make this a memorable family stay for us. They gave us wonderful restaurant and sightseeing recommendations and for the restaurants they even helped us to make bookings. Our room was clean, quiet and comfortable. The location by the Fisherman's Wharf area and a short walking distance to North Beach make this an ideal reasonably priced hotel for tourists.	
Jul 17 2008 	FABULOUS!!!!	The room was very nice...the bed was like a cloud with luxurious linens and LOTS of pillows. The toiletries were Bath &amp; Body Works. The in-room coffee was Starbucks. The tub, while not jetted, was rather deep. There was a hair dryer, iron, iPod docking station, internet ports, etc., etc. Anything you could have asked for in a perfect location to the Wharf and various bus/cable lines. The staff was very helpful and cheery. VERY well appointed and CLEAN for the extreme value we got through Priceline. Couldn't have been happier.	
Jul 8 2008	Totally Unremarkable	Nothing special about this hotel. My room (533) had adjoining rooms on both sides so I got to hear my neighbors well. Not a good strategy for trying to stay on east coast time during a short business tripI did enjoy my room service meal of San Francisco Clam Chowder in a Sourdough Bowl and the Fisherman's Wharf Cobb.	
Jul 2 2008	What You Would Expect For the Area	This was pretty much what you expect for this area - overpriced accomodations with high cost parking. I was there 3 nights, and was not disturbed by any outside noise, which is a plus. I also liked the beds - very comfortable. The air unit and the frig in the room were very loud and should be replaced, as should the TV. As stated in other reviews, it's a bit dated. The bellhop was quite pushy on helping us with luggage. Overall, I'd try a different propertty if I have to stay in this area again.	
Jun 21 2008 	Old ugly and overpriced!	I did not like this property. The lobby area was nice and the staff was courteous, but the rooms were SOO OLD and outdated!!! Not at all what I expected by pictures. I would recommend the holiday inn express down the street, it was newer and much nicer than the marriot. Very dissapointed with my stay for the price we paid.	
Jun 2 2008	Ask for a Junior Suite	After staying at several SF Marriott properties in recent years, landed at this place for the first time after scoring a $100 room rate. Used my platinum status got me a Junior Suite, which was huge. The place was nice, bathroom looked a little dated. When I travel to SF I NEVER rent a car. It doesn't make sense as between trolley, BART and cabs, you can get around easier. If you don't like the spendy parking charge, well, DON'T DRIVE. Love the free breakfast buffett (another platinum perk) and the walking distance to all things on the Wharf and North Beach (an easier walk home than going up the hill). Anyway, I would stay here again in a heartbeat if the rate was right.	
May 10 2008	great room with attentive staff and conciierge	I've stayed here several times and the location can't be beat for things to do. The room had several nice touches like a Tempurpedic type matress, nice linens and duvets. In room refrigerator and a window that opens were all nice touches. The concierge couldn't have been nicer and arranged Alcatraz tour tix on short notice. My only complaint was the brkfst buffet was pretty pricey, but there are some great local brkfst places close by the staff recommended. I stay in hotels about 3 weeks out of the month and this was a very nice hotel and furnishings.	
May 7 2008 	Pleasantly surprised!!!	We didn't know what to expect after reading these reviews but we were very happy with our stay here. (Glad we picked Fisherman's Wharf location.) The room was a nice size, quiet, older, but clean. (Refrigerator would have been nice though) The hotel staff extemely helpful. We requested an early check-in (11am) and they did everything to make this possible, we checked in at 10am. Two nice breakfast places nearby, Buena Vista Cafe (YUM!) and favorite (the name escapes me..Mary's?) on corner of Columbus and Beach on the west side of Joseph Conrad Park. Public transportation so easy from here!!! A convenient Columbus St bus stop nearby (travels right to North Beach, Chinatown...), F-line around the corner (Pier 39, Ferry Building) and cable cars just a few blocks away (Union Square). Always easy to find our way back from every part of the city. Remember... not 5 star... we were not expecting it but were pleasantly surprised.	
Apr 12 2008 	SF Marriott Fisherman's Wharf STINKS!!!!	I am so unsatisfied with this hotel that I could not wait another minute to write this review. First off, I called the hotel the previous night to confirm the payment and make sure the charges were to be on the specified card. When we got there, Michael (rude hotel staff member) told me in order to check in I would need the original credit card and photo id. The problem is my mother kindly agreed to pay for the stay. So we had to call my mother at work, have it faxed over and wait. Keep in mind we had to catch a alcatraz trip in 15 min. When I asked how to get there, I was told its 10 minutes walking distance. I said well ok that still doesnt tell me much? Then he said oh its pier 39. That type of short service is very typical of the staff here. Even when we got back from alcatraz I asked to speak to a manager (Alexander) which wasnt any better. When I told him of my unsatisfactory service he told me &quot;well now that your better and calmed down from earlier you should talk to our concierge staff to show you some stuff to do in san francisco. Yeah like I'm going to take advice from the unhelpful hotel staff. To top it off my mother called the night before check-out to say they charged her WAY too much. I spoke to another manager (from England) who told me in the most blatantly disrespect tone that he knows what he is talking about and my mother is wrong about what is being charged to the room. Now I think MY MOTHER KNOWS what she is talking about when it comes to what is being charged to her credit card. Its a shame I had to deal with this on my birthday weekend especially when I wanted to stay at the argonaut hotel instead but it was booked (for good reason). Avoid this hotel as it has the WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!!!I wrote the previous posting the night before check-out thinking that was it but I was wrong. The morning of check-out I went to take a shower and was about a minute into doing so when the water from the shower head starting coming out in pulsating spurts which then turned to it spewing out YELLOW WATER. I immediately turned off the water and told my boyfriend to look as the water came out yellow (in addition to the faucet). We called the front desk who said they would send an engineer to fix the problem. Since we had plans for the day we told them we need to shower in another room. 30 minutes later a maid gave us a room key two floors down at the end of the hallway to shower. There was no explanations given or apologies for the inconvienience by the management whatsoever. Due to the ordeal we were unable to do what we had originally planned. I truly hope in writing this review others can be spared from theseexperiences.	
Apr 7 2008 	Needs a major facelift	We stayed at this hotel using our Marriott points and chose between this property and the JW Marriott near Union Square (same amount of points). Being that we have stayed several times at the JW (Pan Pacific until a year or so ago), we chose to stay at Fisherman's Wharf for a change of pace. As soon as we walked into the room I wished we would have chose the JW. The lobby and lounge area were comfortable and well decorated, but as soon as you get off the elevator you see that the hotel could use a facelift. The carpet, furniture, bathroom counters/fixtures were are all very dated, and supposedly we were in a recently renovated room (I don't think so, or at least hope not). There were also dirty dishes left out in the hallway for about 6 hours at approx. 7 different rooms, even though housekeeping was on the floor for at least 3 of those hours. Housekeeping staff was also not very into customer service. No, I didn’t complain about the dishes, or anything else for that matter, though they (3-4 women at different rooms), looked very unhappy and avoided eye contact. I found this unusual for a “nicer” property, where I am used to being greeted by staff (we were when we were downstairs). I would have gave them a friendly “hello” first had they even looked at us…Maybe too harsh, but I am making this critique mostly for the hotel management who hopefully check these reviews. The pros for this hotel were the bed (feather duvet, pillows and mattress pad), friendly staff (except as noted), and proximity to Ghirardelli Square, Fisherman’s Wharf and Pier 39. The lounge was also comfortable and service was excellent. For breakfast we chose room service (hung our order on the door the night prior), which arrived on time, just a bit cold, but was very good (California Omelet was fantastic). Our room service waitress was also very friendly, asking not only was there anything else for our meals we needed, but asked if she could answer any questions about the area or property. That was a much appreciated touch, even though we had no questions.All in all, until the rooms are upgraded, we would not stay here again. I gladly would have taken a cable car to Fisherman’s Wharf had I known the property was so dated. I know, I need to learn to heed the advice of other travelers in Tripadvisor, but being I was told the room was recently renovated I thought it would be fine...Oh well, we had a great trip regardless.	
Mar 31 2008	will return	WE could not have been more happy with our stay..we arrived by car and I asked the porter where to park and he gave me a detailed map and told me of a garage only 100 yards away. Check in was easy and pleasant and we were given an excellent room. The concierge was helpful and made good restaurant suggestions. I needed some fresh milk for my afternoon tea in my room and the helpful lady in the bar gave me some without any question. We had a couple of drinks there before going out..unfortunately there was a rowdy foursome hogging the fireplace so what with the pianist it was a little hard to hear..but it was fine. beds very comfortable...check out was easy.....Fisherman's Wharf itself has gone down hill...really to be avoided...but the farmer's market on Saturday morning at the Ferry terminal was incredible. We will return.	
Mar 25 2008 	2.5 Star for 4 Star Price	Hmm, what to say about this Marriott? It's in a good location if you want to be near touristy sights--Fisherman's Wharf, Giradelli Square, Pier 39--but it is far away from the city center.Also, the hotel is badly in need of an upgrade. The rooms were decorated with wallpaper border and acoustic ceilings from the 70s. Walls were paper thin--we even heard our next door neighbors zipping their suitcases in the morning. Management was happy to move us after we complained about barking dogs at 8 a.m. Staff was friendly, but hotel is a bit shabby for the $200/nt price. Perhaps that's what it costs to stay in SF!We had a great dinner at One Market in the Embarcadero area. Food was very good, service was a bit suffocating, but overall, a 5 star experience.	
Mar 16 2008 	Fantastic Time at Marriott Fisherman's Wharf!	Wow! My boyfriend and I just came back from a stay at the Mariott Fisherman's Wharf on Columbus Avenue. Location was convenient to all touristy attractions in the Wharf, and close to public transit and cable cars. The room was clean, comfortable and had a fridge (to keep all of your snacks). The bed was extremely comfortable--like sleeping on a cloud. I would try to buy some food for the room, as breakfast can be expensive in restaurants and at the hotel. The highlight of the trip was the concierge, I believe his name is John. He provided us with restaurant recommendations that were spot on to our interests and tastes, and always gave us great directions to attractions. I would highly recommend this location to anyone who wants an enjoyable stay in San Francisco.	
Mar 16 2008 	Great location no concierge room normal rooms.	We stayed here for 5 nights the 1st of March. The hotel is clean and the rooms are clean. There is no concierge room. I think there were only 5 or 6 floors. It is shaped like a long triangle with courtyard in the middle. It is only 2 blocks off fishermans wharf, so that made it a great location. I would definately stay here again. There is a great breakfast place down the street. It is Pelaginos, I think. You get a coffee mug off the wall and get your own coffee (like 7 choices). There is a bike rental store right next to that for cruising.	
Mar 15 2008	"Great location but expensive"	We visited this hotel as a gift from a very generous uncle. The hotel had the clean, high standard finish you would expect of any Marriot. The location is literally 2 minutes from fishermans wharf but the hotel doesnt benefit from any stunning views of the wharf or the golden gate bridge from any windows. It has an almost dwarfed apperance and in honesty looks more like a motel; It is only once inside you see the luxury. We had a hire car with us and were told there was no where to park in the vicinty and had no choice but to take advantage of the hotels garage which we thought would be free or at a discount at least for residents...but it actually cost £45 for 2 nights parking!! Our room cost alot and this on top was extortionate espcially as my partners uncle was paying for it I couldnt enjoy our stay as much thinking about it. On the upside our room was great and the bed very comfy but purly on extreme lack of value for money I would go else where next time.	
Feb 16 2008	Marriotts have never disappointed me!	I just got back, had great Marriott service as I always do and would stay at this one again in a heartbeat. Great fitness center, free internet at the business center, friendly, friendly, helpful staff, very clean room, 5 star service in a 3-4 star hotel. Its also a stone's throw from the Wharf and not noisy. Price was good considering the location (I paid about $200 a night). The staff was always, always, ready to help me out.	
Feb 10 2008 	Great Hotel	Fantastic location within walking distance to just about everything. Traveled out 4 miles by bus then walked back. Hotel concierge was very helpful in selecting dining locations and all were above expectations. Bedrooms were ample in size and comfort. Bed linens were fresh each day and the room tidy and restocked appropriately. Room service was fast and the food above average. Enjoyed the sitting area near the bar with the fireplace and &quot;table service&quot; from the bartender. Friendly staff. Excellent breakfast bar but a bit pricey. My husband and I would happily stay here again and recommend it to any traveler. One drawback was the significant walk from the elevator to our room. If walking is a problem, travelers should specifically ask for rooms closer to the elevator. But, that's a nit when you are away from home for vacation. Great hotel.	
Feb 8 2008 	Highly Recommended	Great location, quiet area, with easy access to cable cars, buses, or street cars, and we walked a lot too. The staff was very nice across the board. The concierge gave GREAT recommendations on restaurants; he hit the mark 3 out of 3 times, exactly what we were looking for at the moment. We especially recommend the Steps of Rome Cafe on Columbus St. (next door to a sister restaurant, the Steps of Rome Trattoria which we hear is good also, but more expensive.)We also recommend the Pescatore Cafe, near the hotel, and also Alioto's on Fisherman's Wharf. We were delighted by the beautiful gardens on Alcatraz, the view of the city skyline from the now closed prison, boat trip over and back, and self-guided tour of the place. We also enjoyed the nearby dockside tour of the liberty ship SS Jeremiah O'Brien, and submarine USS Pampanito. The Muir Woods (redwoods) site across the Golden Gate bridge was inspiring and also the Benziger Family Winery in Glen Ellen (Sonoma Valley), and their practice of sustainable and biodynamic farming, plus their fabulous guided tour and wine tasting. We rented a minivan right around the corner from the Marriott (Avis) for about $100 for the day, and drove to Muir Woods, Sonoma, and Glen Ellen, and ended the day watching the sun set over the Pacific from Golden Gate Park. Happy days.	
Jan 28 2008 	It was okay...	The Fisherman’s Wharf Marriott was a typical Marriott. It was clean, had a fabulous bed, and a courteous staff, but it was definitely not a glamorous place to stay. That is probably a result of the location. I personally didn’t care for the Fisherman’s Wharf area. It was dirty, commercial, and I didn’t feel comfortable walking around by myself. Maybe it would be nicer in the summer and fall, but I would not recommend it in January. Overall, the hotel was nice, but I would not stay there again based on location. If you do have to stay in the Fisherman’s Wharf area, they did have a wine tasting on Wednesday night which was pretty fun!	
Jan 26 2008 	Good Hotel	The Hotel is well located and very clean. But they put us on a room facing the street. You could touch the window of our room from the side walk. Sometimes it was a bit noisy. Also the room was a bit small for 4 people. We were 2 adults and 2 kids.The concierge was very attentive and help us with directions and restaurant reservations.The parking price is ridiculous. But I think that is for all San Francisco the same.The overall is ok, but is not the best hotel we have stayed.	
Jan 17 2008	New Years at the Marriott	My wife and I just spent 10 days in her home town(which she hasn't visited in more than 1/2 a century) of San Francisco at Marriott's Fisherman's Wharf. Weather aside our stay was excellent. The accomodations were better than expected. The room, on the 4th floor(of a 5 story facility), included a refrigerator, was clean and roomy. The bathroom was large and the shower worked well. The staff from the front desk, bellmen as well as the phone and housekeeping personnel were responsive and helpful. The concierge team(3 different individuals) were extraordinarily helpful.The in-house restaurant was a litle pricey but the breakfast buffet was excellent. The hotel was near 2 cable car routes as well as 3 buses that basically took us all over the city. We did not rent a car because, in part, parking at $40(+14%tax) for parking was outrageous. There were 2 supermarkets within 2 blocks which were able to meet all of our needs.By the way we are both light sleepers and I must say the rooms were quiet.I would recommend it.	
Jan 11 2008 	A great stay!	We don't normally stay at such upmarket hotels but this was a very good price at the time.The lobby was very posh and so to were the lifts, ( elevators ).We had an excellent stay, in particular I found the staff in the lobby to be very curtious. We were always greeted on entry. The hotel's location is an excellent position within walking distance of all the attractions such as Pier 39, Alcatraz tour &amp; Sightseeing tour buses.The City &amp; Alcatraz tour bus picks up from the hotel.Some things were expensive such as items from the mini bar and bottled water but we didn't use any of these.We did have breakfast in the restaurant one morning and it was very good for the price. The chef in there was quite a character.Parking is also very expensive, as it is in all of Fisherman's Wharf. I think it was $38 per day + tips for valet only parking.Parking did not worry us however, as we parked our car in a multi story near Budget Hire on Beach road. It was expensive at $20 a day with no in out privalages but half the price of the hotel.The car park was about 10 mins walk away.I would certainly stay here again.	
Jan 2 2008 	OK hotel with good location	A good location to Fisherman's Warf area is definitely the big plus of this hotel. The hotel itself is a big run down in areas. I found the staff hot or cold - some staff was really nice and helpful while others (like the omlete guy at the breakfast buffet and one of the front desk workers) were downright surly. Rooms are well equiped with coffee maker, robes, nice toiltries, iron and a TV. Daily internet charge is a pain and should be included in the price. Workout facilities were quite nice and clean. Daily valet parking was a bit steep at $40/day, but was reliable and fairly quick. The breakfast buffet was pretty low quality and uninspiiring (basic danish, toast, cereal, eggs, fruit, etc.) for the price and the variety did not change much daily which is a bit dull if you are staying a few nights. Not a bad hotel, but a bit low for Marriott standards.	
Dec 20 2007 	Worst Service Ever	I'll start with the positives: this is a great location close to all San Francisco's best attractions. Within walking distance to convenience stores, museums, Fisherman's Wharf and Pier 39, cable car stops, and downtown.My problem here was bad service which I complained about all the way to Marriott Corporate. Our entire stay, the front desk was manned maybe once the whole time. Had payment problems (not our problem, and not one we ever experienced at another Marriott) at check-in which were compounded by a rude clerk.Cell phones would not work in building, which was nobody's fault. But when our family tried to contact us by calling the hotel number, though, nobody would answer the phone to patch them through for our entire trip just about! We had a death of a friend while we were staying here... we did not know about it because our family could not get anyone at the hotel to answer the phone!!Had I not been interested in collecting my Marriott Rewards points, we would have got a refund and checked into the Holiday Inn across the street. We actually contemplated it, and talked to the Holiday Inn staff (who were much nicer) but decided to tough it out since it was just a 4-day trip.Not a fun anniversary though. I really LOVE Marriott – usually – but this property was horrendous simply because of the staff. Maybe it has changed since then, or was just an isolated string of coincidences, but I would not recommend this hotel based on my experience.This place was so bad, I even talked about it in a blog, LOLhttp://virtualbizweb.com/?p=23Just my two cents.	
Dec 12 2007 	A lovely hotel	We had a wonderful stay at this hotel. The room was very clean. The bed was extremely comfortable. The location is very convenient to many activities and San Franciscos famous modes of transportation. Although, you are able to walk to many places because of the convenient location. The consierge and many other employees were friendly and helpful. Upon returning to San Francisco we will certainly consider staying at this hotel again. Oh, the price was right also!	
Dec 11 2007	Fabulous Hotel	This hotel was really nice with a great location. The bed was very comfortable and we enjoyed the fact that the hotel was completely non-smoking. The most enjoyable, however, was the concierge--John. He assisted us in booking all of our tours (6 total) and they were great. We were picked up in the lobby for all of them which was extremely convenient. We would definitely stay there again. We had a great time!!!	
Nov 28 2007 	Awesome hotel.	The only reason why I have not rated this hotel &quot;excellent&quot; is because it is not smack in the center of happening place. Living in this hotel you would definitely feel a much relaxed type of atmosphere. Don't expect it be like what you would see in a downtown area &quot;young kids roaming around till late&quot;. If you want the local culture feeling, I highly recommend you stay at Fisherman's Wharf. Lots of local little cafes around to eat breakfast/brunch/lunch. Hardly any bars around. However, walk to Little Italy (only few blocks) and you will find slew of strip clubs, resturants, and few bars. Chinatown is also right around the cornor from Little Italy. If you want the feeling of Michigan Ave area of Chicago, with high end stores around, stay at Union Square or downtown hotels. However, at Fisherman's Wharf, you will find enough street parking for FREE and won't have to pay the hotel so much money for parking. The breakfast at this hotel is not bad at all...good food, good price. If you get a nice server, she may even provide some food for free. She waived off part of the charge for our brunch. This hotel will literally provide you with town's map and draw your walking route for you. They are overly helpful and nice staff. I loved them all very much.The hotels service is definitely the best ever I have experienced. The concierge literally spent 1/2 hr with me on 2 occasions to help me figure out what I could do on my vaccation. He even looked up a resturant's menu for me (me being vegetarian) and called the resturant to make a reservation for me. The hotel carries free chargers for ton of cell phones so if you ever forget your charger, talk to them. I lost my camera in a cab on the trip and I had notified the hotel to see if I can check survialance tapes to track things down. The next morning literally all employees seemed to know and I became the celebrity.	
Nov 6 2007 	Good Hotel	The room was clean, equipped with coffee maker, iron board, tv, internet access (their wireless business rate was $ 12.95/day), hairdryer in the bathroom etcThey have a breakfast buffet with everything from fresh fruit to toast, pastries, muffins, breakfast potatoes, eggs benedict, bacon, sausage etc etcIf you wanna spend some time near Fisherman's Wharf, it's ideally located, just two blocks away. To go downtown, you can catch the bus #30 (Stockton) across the street, which will drop you off exactly at the hotel entrance on your way back.	
Oct 27 2007 	loved the bedding	what can i say great bedding like sleeping on a cloud.excellent location everything on your doorstep.resonably priced would defineatly reccomend	
Oct 26 2007	Would recommend	A short walk from Fishermans Wharf. Very clean. Staff helpful. Some rooms can be noisy because they face the street otherwise the hotel was quiet. The beds are too soft because of the down pad they have on all of the Marriott beds now. We found that the mattress in the Napa Marriott was just right. I would stay here again and recommend it to anyone traveling to San Francisco.	
Oct 18 2007 	Great Service Great Location Comfy Beds!	We booked a one-night stay at the Marriott at Fisherman's Wharf using our Marriott rewards points. In previous experiences, I've had hotels and airlines treat me worse because I used points instead of dollars to pay for services and stays. This was definitely not the case here!We arrived at the hotel at 9:00 A.M. (seven hours before check-in time, which is 4:00 P.M.), hoping to drop our bags off with the bellman before doing some sight-seeing. Not only were we treated kindly by the woman at the front desk, but she found us a free room and let us check-in immediately, free of cost! When we told her we'd be leaving for the airport at 4:00 A.M. the next morning, she offered to let us pay our overnight parking in advance so we'd have one less thing to take care of when we checked out. Overnight parking was $40, which seemed steep, but it's less than the cost of the cab ride to the airport. The room was huge with a gigantic, super comfortable king-size bed, overflowing with pillows of all shapes and firmnesses. The second we lay down to relax for a moment, we never wanted to get up. The robes were comfortable enough that I nearly considered paying the $50 to take one home with me. Bathroom was very clean with a huge tub and all the amenities except for conditioner. Hotel employees were kind, giving us directions to everywhere we wanted to go. The valet parking guys were a bit slow to get the car, but not slow enough for us to complain about.We didn't have time to try the food, but ordered two Californian wine flights from room service ($13 each) and they were delivered promptly. The only negative about our stay was that we had to drag ourselves out of that amazingly comfy bed at 4:00 in the morning. I intend to find out who does their mattresses and look into getting one for my home!When we return to San Fran, we will definitely be returning to this hotel.	
Oct 5 2007 	Lovely hotel but location wasn't right for us	We stayed at the Marriott for one night and chose the hotel for it's convenient location to Fisherman's Wharf and for our early morning trip to Alcatraz the next day. It was slightly disappointing on this front, as it was at the far end of the Wharf and in a dead end of the city.The staff were very friendly and accommodating and the room and bathroom were clean and well stocked. We found this hotel of slightly lower standard than the Marriott in Monterey that we'd stayed at the night before, but still it was very pleasant.Breakfast wasn't included but we ate there anyway. The food was of great quality and our waiter was incredibly friendly and helpful.Overall, we liked the facilities of this hotel and would recommend it for that.	
Oct 5 2007	Lovely Marriott	All is perfect here! Nice rooms, fast check in, clean hotel. Starbucks in the lobby, helpful business service, comfortable beds.	
Oct 3 2007 	Great first visit to San Francisco	It was our first visit to San Francisco and we arrived there for a 4 night stay after an 18 hour flight from Singapore.We found the staff helpful and efficient both at check in and in the dining room. Our room was clean and well appointed and had the most comfortable bed imaginable.The hotel was really well located for sightseeing and we were able to walk to many local attractions or else take public transport from outside the hotel.	
Oct 2 2007 	Ideal for our stay	We stayed here at the beginning of our two weeks in America (beginning of Sept) for three nights and again for one night at the end of our holiday. We found the room to be of the usual Marriott standard and the beds were very comfortable.We did not eat an evening meal in the hotel but found the breakfast to be very good unlike some other comments the fruit was lovely and found it to be the best in any hotel we stayed at.The staff were always helpful and polite. This was not the most up to date Marriott it is a little tired but you are not there for the decoration and it is ideally situated for sight seeing in San Francisco.I would reommend this hotel anytime.	
Sep 13 2007 	Nightmare	I feel the hotel is not clean. I found a washcloth in my bathtub when I checked in. There was a gasoline kind of chemical odor in the carpets. It is non smoking hotel but the first room smelled like someone had been smoking. The air conditioning was turned offwhile we were out in spite a do not disturb sign on the door. I do not think it was on timer. The glasses in the room were starbucks paper cups instead of glass. The breakfast was $18.00 and it had low quality stale bread, slimy meats, slimy strawberries. When we asked for fresher fruit, the manager stated they saved the fresh fruit for pancakes....I was with another couple and they had the same experience .It was nothing like most Marriott hotels. I like Marriott hotels but this one is no longer inmy list of options.	
Sep 10 2007 	enjoyable stay	Stayed at this hotel for three nights in July this year and was very impressed . Location is good for all fishermans wharf attractions,and for transport links to other parts of the city.Room was clean and reasonably sized with possibly the most comfortable pillows I have found in quite a while. I didn't use the restaurant,but it always looked fairly busy , and the menu and prices seemed o.k. Apart from a slightly snooty check-in desk clerk,the staff were all friendly and attentive.One slight negative was the charges for parking....bordering on the excessive in my opinion,but overall a very well run hotel and one which I would not hesitate to recommend to friends.	
Sep 7 2007 	Very Good Hotel in Great Location	My family stayed for two nights in August at the Marriott Fisherman's Wharf at the start of our California trip. We arrived about noon and had easy check-in with the very courteous staff up front. Our room was small but clean and nice. The location is excellent, right near the Wharf and close to North Beach and Chinatown. Easy to walk everywhere if you enjoy exercise!The staff here was really great..friendly and professional. We were amazed at the international feel of the guests...it was fun to hear the different languages.The lounge area downstairs is nice...great bar with microbrews on tap and big screen TV.No pool or spa...only markdowns for that and rooms are a little small..otherwise a great place to stay!.	
Sep 3 2007 	Great Room - Awesome Location - Loved it!	This hotel is great! We wanted something close to the Fishermans Warf - and close to the Giants Ball Park (we were going to a game). We come to San Fran all the time - so we know the area well. This was a great experience. You can walk to Fisherman's Warf....takes about five minutes....and there is so much to do all around you. Great location....rooms were very nice....staff great and just a $10 cab ride to Union Square.....or you can take the trolly.Reccomend....no worries.	
Aug 27 2007 	Great Stay	Stayed in the Marriott last year and loved it. After a 13 hour flight from Heathrow in to San Francisco, check in was a breeze and our room was ready straight away. Hotel was very clean, and we encountered no problems during our stay (14 nights). We found this to be a great base to explore Fishermans Wharf and San Francisco in general. Staff were extremely helpful. We found the concierge to be particularly nice, he suggested great restaurants, and pretty much arranged our car-rental for us, when we mentioned that we were interested in hiring a car for a few days. The only fault was the price of eating in the hotel. We had breakfast in the hotel the first morning and were charged in excess of $30 for 2 omletettes for some juice etc. That was the last time we ate there, favouring the Denny's or I-Hop in Fishermans Wharf for breakfast from there on. All in all, a great stay in the San Francisco. Truly fell in love with the city! Would recomend the Marriott in a heartbeat!	
Aug 4 2007 	Enjoyed Our Stay!	We arrived around 12 noon. Though check in wasn't until 3 pm or so, there was no issue with early check in. The staff was courteous and friendly. The room was nice though a bit small. The beds were comfortable. The location couldn't be better- close enough to walk to fishermans wharf, far enough to be away from the noise. One incident: The electricty went off one evening while three of us were trying to get ready to go out. I contacted the desk person. It took a long time for them to answer and when she did, she was completely frazzled with no explanation. It was off for about an hour or longer then came back on. I am still unsure of what occurred. One more important detail: Parking is STEEP at the hotel @ $40 per night. However, it is difficult to park on the streets and alternate side street parking daily is enforced. If you have time to mess with it, it will save you some $.There is a great little bar down on Fishermans Wharf called Lou's Restaurant &amp; Blues Bar-- ask for Vince, great bartender. They also have a CD they are selling that is Awesome!	
Aug 1 2007 	The perfect place to stay in San Fran	Terrific hotel, spacious and very clean rooms, Very polite staff,and only a short walk to Fishermans Wharf.Front rooms tend to be a little noisy, but would highly recommend, and would stay here again.	
Jul 27 2007 	Great staff recommendations- great location	This location has some of the best staff I have dealt with in a while. The front desk and concierge were VERY helpful in providing recommendations for nice dinners, quick bites, tours to take, and places to walk to. The hotel room was a bit more &quot;average&quot; than I expected, but it was still fairly large and clean. The bar area and the gift shop downstairs are both very nice. As you enter the lobby, you are overwhelmed with a wonderful smell of the huge fresh flower bouquet that adorns the marble table in the lobby. The hotel is within a shirt walking distance of several great restaurants, the Pier, and Ghiradelli square. Excellent location! And, of course, the Marriott beds always make for a wonderful night sleep. Parking was EXPENSIVE, but I guess that can be expected for parking in a downtown city where public transportation is the best way to get around. But, the valet guys were great. Every time I wanted to leave and drive somewhere, they had my car waiting for me before I even made it down the elevator. And, they are incredibly professional and polite. All in all, we had a great stay at this hotel!	
Jul 23 2007 	Marriott close to everything	The Marriott is located close to the heart of Fisherman's Wharf but is far enough away to allow some tranquility. There are numerous good restaurants close by and the public bus is right by the hotel.The rooms are a good size, in-room Starbucks, and appear to be reasonably priced by San Francisco's lofty standards.	
Jul 5 2007 	Great Location Couple of Kinks	The location of this property couldn't be better for sightseeing around the wharf, Pier 39 and the Alcatraz Tour. The hotel is small and older but well maintained. Our room was clean and check-in was easy. The hotel advertised their new luxurious beds but they were a disappointment--much too soft for a good night's sleep. The only thing that would keep me from staying here again is the parking fee--a whopping $40 per day! The worst part is that there is a public parking lot one block north and two blocks east that only charges $6.00/ day. I really hate it when I feel that I have been taken advantage of like that. Shame on you, Marriott!	
Jun 24 2007 	no sheet - this hotel is almost perfect	I would have rated this hotel perfect except for one small detail -yes, they do have very comfortable pillow top beds but the hotel is using standard size sheets which are not large enough to accomodate the extra thickness of the pillow top mattress.The result is a sheet which keeps flipping off of the mattress corners, making for a very annoying nights sleep. On the positive side, the hotel was very nice with very helpful personnel at the front desk, clean and quiet rooms, and very close to all of the major attractions. If Marriott can correct this issue, this could be one of the best hotels in the Wharf area.	
Jun 20 2007 	Loved the Marriott!!!	The Marriott Fisherman's Wharf has an excellent staff, great location and best of all - the most comfortable beds ever. My husband, 2 daugthers and I absolutely loved this place. We stayed June 8th and 9th. I would highly recommend this hotel when visiting San Francisco.	
Jun 6 2007 	The most helpful staff	We stayed at the Fishermans Wharf Marriott April 24-29, 2007.To save on expenses four of us stayed in one room. The bedswere some of the most comfortable I have ever slept on. The concierge staff really helped us plan our stay, and gave us great advice on where to eat and some very fun nightlife. Kudos to all of the staff for their friendly, knowledgable advice. My only complaint was that on the last day I became quite sick. I stayed in while my friends did a Napa Valley tour. I wanted to order room service and found out that you may only order lunch between 12:00- 1:00. Now when I see a room service menu that boasts &quot;all day&quot; it should mean &quot;all day'. Other than this we all give this property a high rating. We would stay here again.	
May 31 2007	Good Location Great Staff	We stayed at this hotel over the Memorial Day weekend, 4 days/3 nights, May 25-28, 2007. This hotel was in a good location with the Fisherman's Wharf attractions within walking distance as well as numerous other San Francisco attractions. All of the hotel staff was extremely friendly and helpful but the cleanlinest of the hotel room needed improvement. Our room was nice but we noticed dirt on a wall and a stain on the chair. The shower curtain also had a stain. In the restaurant we noticed some dust along a shelf. I think the cleaning staff needs to be better trained. There's no pool in the hotel but we didn't miss it because of all the sightseeing we did around town and the cool temperatures in San Francisco. There was a small fitness center on-site which came in handy. I would say this was a decent 3 star hotel.	
May 20 2007 	Nice stay near Fisherman's Wharf	We stayed at the Fisherman's Wharf Marriott for two nights at the beginning of our two week wedding adventure. It was a little further from Fisherman's Wharf that I thought, but it was still pretty close. The hotel was clean, the staff polite and helpful. They let us check in early which we really appreciated. Check in was quick and easy. The room was very far from the elevator which was nice because it was quiet, but it was a bit of a hike after a long day of walking around the city. They brought us extra towels minutes after we requested them. Great Bath and Body Works amenities in the bathroom. Really lousy water pressure in the shower. Fluffy feather bed on the bed - made me feel like I was sleeping on a cloud. My husband did not sleep well, but he really didn't sleep well the whole two week trip, so I don't want to attribute that to this bed. The sheets didnt quite fit the bed right - they should look into fixing that. Housekeeping did a good job cleaning. The breakfast buffet was ok. There was a good variety, but the quality was just average. It was incredibly over priced. Starbucks in the lobby bar in the morning was an excellent touch, even though there was a Starbucks in every direction, a block away. Trader Joes, Walgreens, Denny's - all 1 block away. We did not eat in the hotel restaurant for lunch or dinner. Outside of the hotel we of course spent a lot of time in Fisherman's Wharf. The crepes in the center were absolutely delicious - chocolate chips, strawberries and bananas. Yum! Check out the mini donuts at another stand too. A great treat! We had dinner at Hardrock Cafe which was better than I expected, and very short wait at 6:00. In the back is a Gallery - Rodney Lough Jr. Absolutely amazing wilderness photographs. Take a few minutes to look if you have the time. The upper level of the Wharf gets very little traffic, but there are some great shops up there. We spent a decent amount of time on Haight Street - the Pork Store is incredible for breakfast and lunch. If there are no tables, hop on a seat at the counter. The pancakes are unbelievable. Walked from the corner of Ashbury down to Goldn Gate Park. I wish we had more time to spend there. Got to see a really neat drum circle. Ameoba records is pretty cool on the corner before the park. We also did the Alcatraz tour. That was really enjoyable. It's so interesting over there. The day we left, we rented a car from the Hertz down the block from the hotel. The woman who helped us was a little crazy, but she was nice enough to us. Gave us great directions out of the city to Route 1. We were heading to Big Sur for our wedding ceremony. What a lovely drive. Overall we had a great two days in San Francisco and a great stay at the Fisherman's Wharf Marriott.	
May 19 2007 	Great location!	We vacationed here for 6 days. We stayed in two adjoining rooms with our two children 12, and 8. the rooms were clean, comfortable, and quiet. The refrigerators were hard to open and close the freezers were small and did not keep the leftover ice cream frozen. It would have been nice to have a microwave in the room to reheat leftovers and reheat coffee. We tried to find one in the hotel bar but there wasn't one there either. The furniture is dated but in good shape. We were close to many great attractions and the metro bus stop is just outside the hotel. The trolley is just a couple blocks away. We had a great breakfast at the hotel and kids were free. Near the hotel there were other great breakfast places that were also very good. We would definately stay here again.	
Apr 16 2007 	would definately stay there again	My family and I just spent the weekend there. We needed two rooms and the Marriott was able to give us connecting room. For some reasons other hotels find this to be a big issue. Anyway the rooms were very nice. The beds were awesome. Felt like you were sleeping on a cloud. The place was clean and the staff was very nice. The lobby has a nice lounge area which has a fireplace. It was nice to come in from the cold and walk in to a nice warm fireside. The location was perfect. There are 6 of us which made it hard to get one taxi. So we did a lot of walking. It was very easy access to the wharf . Overall a great place to stay.	
Mar 31 2007 	Great location and great beds!	Very nice feather pillow-topped beds. Clean. Helpful staff. Great location. You can pretty much walk to anything or take the street cars or cable cars, etc. I contacted the hotel and ordered a car to pick us up and return us to the airport for a pretty reasonable price, but there is an airport shuttle that is cheaper or the BART if you don't have too much luggage. The food was good, but pretty pricey. There is a Denny's within a block and other chain restaurants so you don't have to eat the $14 pancakes. Food and drinks are pretty expensive in San Fran though so be prepared.	
Mar 19 2007 	nice rooms with a great staff	nothing but good things to say. nice clean spacious room with a very comfortable bed. my props to the personel dept...the entire hotel staff was head and shoulders above aveage. would not hesitate to stay again and to highly recommend.	
Feb 3 2007	Loved the Marriott	We stayed at the marriott for 3 nights during our honeymoon and we found the location to be great! As mentioned by a few of the others who have reviewed this hotel, the bed was definitely the most comfortable bed we have slept on!!!!We found the place very convenient to get to the touristy areas. We took a midnight stroll to Ghirardelli Square for some Hot Fudge Sundae, and we found it perfectly safe to be roaming around the streets at that time.We definitely loved San Francisco and would stay in the marriott again.	
Feb 2 2007	Spacious rooms Lush beds and helpful staff	We are not fans of Fisherman's Wharf and always choose Starwood over Marriot, but we completely enjoyed our short stay here. We live an hour out of town, but as my husband was a guest speaker, the sponsoring group booked the hotel. The rooms are spacious, quiet and the amenities (bath and body aromatherapy) are great. The beds aren't as good as the Westin, but if you want to stay in Fisherman's Wharf this is a great option on the almost luxury side. The hotel doesn't have any charachter and it is a shame not to enjoy the great old hotels downtown. It is a standard business hotel. For the money, the St. Francis, the Palace or any of the big old Union Square hotels are more fun and steps to great museums, shopping and restaurants. Also - for tourists, unless you have a car, it is a bother to get to fisherman's wharf. Parking is $35. Amtrak stops a mile away and BART is downtown. If you do have a car, always remember it is easier to get to Fisherman's wharf over the Golden Gate than 101/Bay Bridge.	
Jan 10 2007 	Nice hotel good for tourists kids.	My husband and two children stayed here over Memorial Day Weekend. Hotel is a bit noisy--in a noisy location. But, buffet breakfast every morning was very good. Beds were wonderful. Kids had a good time...close to all tourist attractions.	
Nov 16 2006 	I expected a little more from a Marriott	Now don't get me wrong. This hotel is in a great location, and it has a nice bar downstairs. The hotel is updated nicely. However, I always check the beds at hotels no matter where I stay. I pulled back the blankets &amp; found all kinds of hair in my bed, from pubic hair to head hair, and the sheets were a little stained. I immediately became disgusted &amp; called downstairs. The manager came up &amp; I showed him the bed. It was obvious that the bed had just been made &amp; the sheets had not been changed. So he took us to another room on the same floor. This room had the same problem, which I clearly showed him. He moved us again to another room, at which point I simply asked for clean sheets to be brought to our room &amp; I would make the bed myself. The clean sheets that were brought to our room had not hair on them, proving my point that the sheets had not been changed in the other rooms. The manager simply gave us 2 free breakfast tickets for the next morning. I thought that was kind of cheap of him. This was the Marriott which prides itself on service, and here the maids had not been changing the sheets, and I had to make my own bed. I was really dissapointed in the managers choice of compensation &amp; we haven't stayed at a marriot since. Customer Service is really important &amp; this manager seems to have forgotten that. Check your bed the next time you think about staying here.	
Nov 5 2006 	OK for a one nighter	A one night stopover on business. Efficient and friendly check in. I got the impression this was more of a tourist hotel than the average Marriott - no surprises considering the location. The room was OK, comfy Marriott king size bed, although very small bathroom. Fantastic view of the Holiday Inn from my room! Room service was a slightly too slow and disorganised for my liking. Overall, clean and fair value for less than $200.	
Oct 30 2006 	Can't beat the bed!!!	I stayed 3 nights in October for a conference at a nearby hotel.The exterior of the hotel is kind of drab and the lobby and halls show some signs of wear. However, at least for this hotel, the saying that you can't judge a book by it's cover holds true; the room was outstanding. I stayed in a basic room that had 2 queen beds since that was all that was left and I had a cheap (government) rate. It was easy to darken the room and the bed was extremely comfortable. I haven't slept so well in a hotel room bed in years! Starbucks coffee was provided free of charge, can't beat that. The bath amenities were also a nice touch.While it's not news to me, it still bothers me that most nice hotels ask for an additional fee for high speed internet access, and the Marriott Fisherman's Wharf does not buck this trend. It's one thing that would cause me to grade this hotel down.The hotel has a good location if you are going to be doing a lot of tourism activities or if you have a conference or other business to do in the Fisherman's Wharf area. If instead you have other business in San Francisco, I would consider staying downtown or near the Union Square area, as it's easier to reach other areas in SF from there. Still, it is easy to get to the cable cars and F street car line from the Marriott Fisherman's Wharf, it'll just take you longer to get places.I paid $140/night plus tax for the room and based on other hotels in San Francisco I would say this is quite fair. If you're asked to pay up to $200/night for this room, I'd say you've got a good deal. If the going rate is more than that, I'd say only stay here if your stay coincides with a peak time, such as a convention or other event.	
Sep 19 2006 	Can't beat the Marriott	I visit San Francisco several times a year on business. I always stay in Fisherman's Warf because I can get into the city in minutes. I discovered the Marriott Fisherman's Warf a couple of years ago. I'm never dissapointed here. It's a great location with many dining possibilities in the neighborhood. The hotel restaurant is also an excellent choice with resonable prices. The breakfast buffet is the best around. I travel frequently and actually look forward to staying here. I'm on an expense account but if I weren't I would object to the high price for parking your car at the hotel. I believe it was $43 with tax per day. It is a nice touch that they have a bottle of water in your car when they retrieve it for you.	
Sep 11 2006 	Great stay! The beds are to die for!	We stayed Sat. Sept. 9th and Sun. Sept. 10. Relative is employee so we got a special rate, but cost aside. We had the most comfortable bed we have ever enjoyed on our travels.The room was on the corner of Jones and Bay and was a little noisy with the window open but once closed it was quiet. The room was very clean and comfortable. The Starbucks coffee in the room was a bonus score. The street car stop was a block and a half away and we took the street cars all day for $1.50 apiece. The hotel is only 2 blocks offof the wharf and there are great restaurants all around the hotel.We did not eat in the hotel, no report. The hotel in all was very nice and you could not have a more convenient location for sightseeing in San Francisco. We will stay again, with or without a discount!	
Sep 2 2006	Good deal great location	After consulting with TripAdvisor.com (as usual), I elected to stay at this Marriott location. There were some mixed reviews, but most pointed in favor of the hotel.I paid just over $200 per night and it was well worth it. The location was great, within walking distance to all that Fisherman's Wharf and that part of San Francisco has to offer. The price we paid included overnight parking at a savings of $8.00 per day off the usual rack rate. The rooms were clean, including the bathroom, and have very comfortable pillow top beds and comfy pillows, perfect after a day of walking to take in all the sites.We opted for breakfast at the nearby Denny's and the nearby IHOP, both clean with quick service and lots of food for the kids.Had dinner one night in the restaurant and it was ok; nothing to rave about but wasn't bad, either.I'd recommend this hotel and wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.	
Aug 25 2006	Good Hotel	Stayed at the Marriott for business, and overall this is a good this is a good hotel. The setup is a little strange though, and I would suggest requesting a room on a high floor. My room was right on the street, and it was a bit loud. The breakfast was very good, and the location is perfect for visiting FW. The rooms were clean and comfortable although they were a little on the small side. I would stay here again.	
Aug 24 2006 	love that bed!	When I sat on the king-sized bed all I could say was, &quot;Ah!&quot; And every other time there after!!! We arrived early for check-in but our room was ready anyway. The concierge was helpful in getting us a nice Italian eatery in the North Beach area.Oh, man! That bed!!!	
Aug 21 2006	a disgrace to Marriott	A poor example of a Marriott Hotel.Beware the front desk who are particularly rude and charmless. I asked to speak to the Manager and he has not had the couresy to contact me. So much for customer service.The hotel is tired. It is poorly located and lacks facilities.Unfortunately not much in a positive sense can be said about it. Its only redeeming feature is its breakfast.Do not stay at this hotel if you are used to the normal high Marriott standards. This hotel does not come remotely close to achieving them.	
Aug 17 2006	Great location in San Francisco	My wife and I traveled to San Francisco and surrounding areas to celebrate our 25th anniversary. One of our stays - three nights - was at the Fisherman's Wharf Marriott.The location was great for us as we wanted to take in the wharf, Alcatraz, Chinatown and other close-by sights. Everything was within walking distance with the exception of Chinatown, but that is easy to get to with trolleys.The room was very nice. Not much of a view here as this hotel does not tower over the surrounding cityscape. Again, location was what attracted us to begin with.When we arrived we were greeted warmly and congratulated on our 25th anniversary (I had advised them of this special occasion prior to our arrival). The hotel lounge was having a wine tasting affair when we arrived, so we found a table and relaxed with great wine, cheese, crackers and grapes. One of the staff greeted us as well and made the early evening even more enjoyable with great conversation and suggestions for our visit to SF.On the second evening we were sent up a bottle of champagne and a dozen HUGE chocolate covered fresh strawberries! A wonderful gift from the staff that made the evening that much more enjoyable. Thanks! You guys know how to make a stay enjoyable!We ate breakfast every morning at the hotel and enjoyed the variety of foods available with fresh fruits, juices, pastries, bagels, eggs, made-to-order omlettes and great tasting coffee to start the day.Evenings we found restaurants around the area. Everyone has their own tastes. We ate a casual Mexican dinner at a place nearby the first night. The second we walked down to the wharf and put our name in (1 hour wait) at Scoma's. Great food, great location and view of the wharf. It would be nice if they updated the 1960's veneered wall paneling...maybe that's the ambience and I just don't get it. Not a cheap dinner, with a couple of glasses of wine each we hit $120.There were a number of other hotels around this area to choose. We are Marriott fans and this one does not disappoint. We would gladly stay here again.	
Aug 8 2006 	Great hotel especially Breakfast!	We stayed here for about a week and thought it was very clean and the staff is very friendly. The breakfast buffet in the morning was great! Tons of food, great taste. Location is good within a decent walking distance to all touristy things. Great town, Great people.	
Aug 1 2006	Loved the Marriott	We stayed at the Mariott Fisherman's Wharf on July 28th and 29th, 2006. We had a great room with two double beds. The beds were like sleeping on a cloud. Our room faced the street but the noise was not bad. The staff at the front desk was very friendly and very helpful. The bathroom products were from Bath &amp; Body works... my favorite. The hotel was walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf and we did take advantage of the F Line bus that took us to the embarcadero. We took the Bart from SFO and when we reached the Embarcadero we took the F line towards our hotel and had to walk 1.5 blocks to our hotel. They have internet access. They have a buffet breakfast that we didn't take advantage of. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 21 2006 	Memorable Stay	My girlfriend and I decided to book a trip for our Christmas present to each other. As she interned in San Francisco during college, we decided to head out there for some R&amp;R. As I usually make the travel plans, I choose this hotel based on the Marriot name, the excellent location, and the ambiance of the place. *Check In-No problems with check in. We got in around noon, and were easily checked in to our room. Each time we dealt with the front desk, they went above and beyond professional customer service to take care of us. *Room-The room more than suited our needs. Granted, we did not have the best view (The record store across the street), but the room was rather beautiful. As some may have read, the BEDS were probably the most comfortable I have ever slept in, including my own! I think they use plush down comforters, but I slept so beautifully each night.*Breakfast at the Restaurant-I live in Jersey City, across the Hudson from Manhattan. I know expensive places, and am accustomed to them. With that said, I also realize hotels jack up the prices of their food. However, the price of the breakfast was close to $30, quite expensive! Food was pretty good, but this was not the best value.*Bar-The bar was a nice place to relax, watch some sports and get a drink while my girlfriend got ready to go out. The drinks were somewhat expensive, but again, living in the NYC area, I am used to paying $5-7 for a Heineken. This was the same. Besides the pricing, it had a nice ambiance to it*Conceirge-Well, the good news of the trip was that I proposed to my girlfriend, now fiance! The night of the proposal, I wanted to take her to a nice restaurant. The conceirge was so helpful in getting us a nice romantic place to eat at. He was also excited for us. I work in a service oriented industry, where customer service makes or breaks a company. He certainly was very professional and courteous. He even remembered our engagement the next night he was working and congratulated us again!*Location-The location was pretty descent for us. Although my fiance is not into staying in touristy areas, she did enjoy the location of our hotel, as it was close to alot of places and/or public transportation. It was not too far from Fisherman's Wharf, and was a quiet part of town. The only downside to Fisherman's Wharf was the overpriced restuarants serving breakfast. Living in NYC, breakfast is cheap, even in a Manhattan diner. However, here, could not find french toast for less than $10-12. *ParkingWe flew out and took a taxi to the hotel from SFO, so we did not have to pay for parking. However, I did see it was rather expensive, so I would advise not parking in their lot. *OVERALL-This place met all our needs. They were courteous, the beds were extremely comfortable, and you cannot beat the location. I would definitely reccommend this hotel to someone traveling to Fisherman's Wharf!!	
Jul 8 2006	Had a great stay	My wife and I stayed for 5 nights at this hotel and had no real problems. The rooms are a reasonable size and the bed was unbelievably comfortable so we had a good nights sleep ready for the next days walking. The only criticism I have was the attitude of some of the restaurant staff and who provided a second rate service. The hotel is positioned only a couple of blocks from the heart of Fisherman's Wharf close to lots of restaurants and bars and made the ideal base.Car parking is expensive at 39 dollars a night, we parked on the street but had to change sides each night for the street cleaning which was a pain but a lot cheaper.We would certainly stay here again.	
Jun 18 2006	Great Stay	Just came back from a three day/two night weekend Reward (i.e. free via points) stay here. The top three things were 1) Great Bed! 2) Customer Service and 3) Location. Although I usually don't pay attention too much to Customer Service (even in reading other reviews) since it can vary so wildly depending on who you interact with or &quot;the day&quot; that particular person is having, I'd have to say it was beyond excellent on all counts. We chose this hotel because they were the only Marriott that was dog friendly and the staff was not only attentive and cordial, but they actually seemed to take a lot pride in their job. And it shows. The King Bed was beyond superb and the location was right in the mix of a lot of tourist attractions. I am a CA native so I rated the location #3 as the Wharf area is a bit &quot;junky&quot; in spots, but more than acceptable.We ordered room service one night and the &quot;North Beach Pannini&quot; was excellent. The bar in the lobby was a bit quiet but had a lot of atmosphere going for it and we enjoyed it.If you can, try to get up early one morning (we did it about 7am) and take a walk to and through the Wharf. The sun rising over the barking seals nearby with almost no tourists around was really something to see. The crowds can get crazy anytime after 10am until ??? and the peacefulness of strolling along the docks and shops is well worth it even if you don't bother to take a shower to ensure an early morning start.	
Jun 14 2006	Perfect Stay	My husband and I stayed at this hotel during the first week on June. The service was great. The rooms and the beds were amazing. From this hotel it is only two blocks to the Fisherman's Wharf, where there is so much to do and see. The hotel even provided us with complimentary breakfast since we are silver status guest. Only issue that we had was parking. It was $38.00 + tax per night! But as this is San Francisco what can you say? I would definately recommend this to anyone considering staying around the Wharf.	
Jun 7 2006	Great location but some rooms are very noisy	This hotel is located a couple of blocks from Fisherman's Wharf so it was an easy stroll to where the action is. It's not a particularly smart place but the room was clean and tidy (as are the vast majority of Marriott properties in my experience). The only real problem we had is that the first room we were given was next to the ice machine and it was unbearably noisy. The staff were very quick to respond to our request to move rooms (although they didn't appear at all surprised so this may be a common problem). We were offered a couple of alternatives and settle on a room one floor below. Shortly after we had settled in, the concierge appeared at our door with gifts for our son by way of an apology for him getting to bed so late (not that he minded too much!) Full marks for customer service but this room had a very noisy refrigerator so it wasn't too much of an improvement!	
Jun 4 2006	Good Location	Easy to find, convenient to Fishermans Wharf. Rooms fine,breakfast above average although when the bowl of strawberries was empty they wouldn't replace it for twenty minutes - I think they had a set number of bowls per day and that was it. Staff generally helpful and courteous. Would recommend.	
May 3 2006	A Perfect SF Spot to Stay	Since we have a son who goes to the San Francisco Art Institute, we try to get to the city several times a year, always booking a package (flight &amp; hotel) on Expedia. Easter weekend we stayed at the Marriot located a few blocks from Fisherman's Wharf. It was outstanding! Wonderful rooms with featherbeds (VERY quiet), great fitness center(with fruit for the taking), cool lobby lounge, a Starbucks booth (coffee maker in the room, too), incredibly friendly staff and an easy walk to Fisherman's Wharf, North Beach restaurants, and the cable car lines. For snacks &amp; munchies, there's a Trader Joe's 2 blocks away. From now on, THIS is our home away from home in SF!	
May 1 2006	Absolutely Wonderful Stay	I loved our time at the Marriot in Fisherman's Wharf. The location was excellent -- close to everything. The staff was incredibly helpful. We often had to ask for directions and they were more than willing to provide us with them. Our room was very nice. It was clean and the beds were especially comfortable. The bath room was on the small side but very neat and clean. We didn't go to the resturant in the hotel because it was it a bit pricey. We defintely enjoyed our stay in San Francisco more than we would have if we have gone to another hotel. I would stay at the Marriot in Fisherman's Wharf the next time I go to San Francisco.	
Apr 29 2006	Super location	Often stay at the downtown Marriott - which as an awesome club up over the city. This time I had family along that wanted to visit the city overall.This is a super location to: Walk to the Hyde St. trolly - [midweek ~ 1 hr wait though ! :-( ] which goes all the way down to Union Square and the convention center, walk to fisherman's wharf and dozens of good restauraunts. Parking - very convenient in a garage next door at a REASONABLE overnight price.But the best thing is - very little local street traffic - it was easy to get in and out of parking, zip over to Golden Gate park, get on the 101 to the Golden Gate Bridge - or even drive up over Lombard hill.We had the best 'tourist' visit to SF of dozens of trips I've made there.The hotel was very acceptible on price, room amenities, and free broadband. I'd stay there for business in a heartbeat.I do agree that it's not as 'spectacular' a property as many full service Marriott's but the location made up for it!	
Apr 28 2006 	Not the best Marriott (more like coutyard property)	I was in town for business and styed at Marriott Fisherman's Wharf because the other Marriott in downtown was sold out. I should have just stayed at another hotel in a different location. This place was not up to par. It had a marriott courtyard/holiday inn feel. Eyerything about this place was old and outdated. The chairs in the lobby was worn out and stained. My room was very noisy, heard the traffic noise all through the night and the heater smelled like milldew so I kept it off. The room was on the small side and the bathroom was especially small. The bath products were nice (from bed bath). The bedding looked new and clean but found the bed to be too soft. The gym was small and had old star trac equipments.	
Apr 22 2006	Good Hotel Great Beds Superior Location	Hotel has all of the normal attributes you'd expect of a Marriott except there is no pool. Nice rooms, clean surroundings and a fine restaurant. The location is the key to this hotel. It is very close to the Wharf, Cable Cars lines, bus lines and area attractions. Other comparable hotels in the area to compare against are a Sheraton, a Hilton and a Hyatt. All are within a block or two of each other. There are also second tier chains in the same area (i.e. Holiday Inn). We stayed over spring break and Easter and had a terrific time. The beds are outstanding. If you are going to Alcatraz, be sure to book your tickets in advance. The only ferry that lets you off on the island to explore is ----. We ran into a couple who bought at the ticket window and were told it was sold out but that they could purchase a costly tour that would take them on the same ferry but also included other destinations they were not interested in. We stayed a week and were totally pleased. The front desk staff and concierge were helpful in suggesting activities each day. You may also want to call the concierge before you leave on your trip to ask any questions you may have. I found this particularly helpful in getting the right transportation from the airport to the hotel.	
Apr 17 2006	Great location	We stayed at the Marriott for 4 nights and were very pleased with the hotel. It is in a brilliant location to explore Fisherman's Wharf and near to bus stops and tram stops making exploring the rest of San Francisco easy. The beds were extremely comfortable as was the rest of the hotel. It had a relaxed feel and we felt at home there straight away. I would definately stay there again.	
Apr 16 2006	Absolutly Excellent Experience	Where can I begin?!! The Marriott Fishermans Wharf is located within a block of the Fishermans Wharf and is walkable to Gheradeli Square, Pier 39, Wharf Restaurants and the northern Embarcadaro. The hotel is older, and has a 70's archatecture design, but is very up to date inside. The staff is fabulous and will do anything to make your stay enjoyable. The rooms are fairly large for being in a large city. The hotel has a great business center and health club and has a Starbucks branch inside. The hotels restaurant has fairly good breakfast's and offers dinners at a fairly inflated price. Obviously, everything is extremly expensive in California in general, but is a little more at the hotel (i.e. parking $38, 2 starbucks and 2 scones $12, breakfast buffet $18) but overlooking the cost, the city is absoluly gorgous and the staff at Marriott Fishermans Wharf is likly to please you as they did me....	
Apr 11 2006	Nice Hotel	Spent 7 nights here,second week in April 2005.Great holiday arranged with Expedia.Rooms warm,quiet and beds extremely comfortable.This is our second Marriot visit[the other being Marriot at Brooklyn Bridge}On both ocassions we found the beds so comfortable we were sorry to leave them at the end of the week.The great thing about the hotel is the location.It is actually a few blocks away from Fisherman's Wharf and non the worse for that.It is right next to the 30 and 47 bus stops which will get you anywhere interesting even though you may have to change.The bus system is brilliantly simple and very cheap.By far the best way to get around.The concierges were helpful and polite as were all the staff.Apart from the obvious trips and excursions around San Fransico we also went to Yosemite and Monteray /Carmel.Yosemite is awe inspiring and well worth the expensive fare and lenghth of day out{14 hours}.The driver Walter was a real card,maybe not to everyone's taste, but definitly a character.Not to sure about Carmel and Monteray.The only inspirational part of the journey was between Half Moon Bay and Santa Cruz.After that the scenery deteriorates.Witness the ugly power station and pylons at one end of Monteray bay.Monteray is a hell hole of touristy shops and attractions.My advice,walk the opposite way from the crowds and head south along the water front.17 mile drive will impres you if you are inspired by golf courses and rich folks' homes.If not you may be in for a disapointment.The beach at Carmel is nice and I would advise you to head straight there unless you are turned on by shops.We would have had a better day on the Murin peninsula or Cliff house and Lands end.The latter would have only cost 3 dollars on thje bus.Eat out in China town.Great value for money and walkable from Hotel or take the 30 bus.Wonderful holiday.I left my heart in San Fransisco as well as the most comfy beds in the West.	
Mar 21 2006	Great Hotel	Recently stayed at the Marriott Fisherman's Wharf for 3 nights. The staff was very friendly and helpful and the room was very clean. The beds were to die for, they were so comfortable and fluffy. They were nice to sink into after a long day of walking and sightseeing. I was also very impressed that the hotel was completely non-smoking. How refreshing.The lobby was also very cozy with a fire burning in the fireplace. I had read other reviews that said the lobby was outdated, but I did not think so. It was very nice.	
Mar 12 2006	Fantastic	This was our last stop after a two month round the world trip and what a way to end. Lovely room and very comfortable beds. Good food excellent help from the Concierge, very easy to get around San Fran form here. Would recommend this to anyone looking for a bit of luxury. Keep up the good work to all at the Marriott	
Mar 2 2006	Enjoyed this hotel - great location	My husband and I stayed at the Marriott in Fisherman's Wharf for 3 nights in Feb. We had wanted to stay at the downtown Marriott (since we were staying on Marriott points) but it was not available. We were very pleased with the Marriott Fisherman's Wharf.The hotel is in a great location for tourists. Steps away from great food, entertainment, shopping, and all of the tour companies. We were able to walk or take public transportation everywhere within San Fran.The hotel staff was so friendly (Margie in the dining room was so nice) - and the concierge (Mike) was super helpful. They really went out of their way to help.The hotel is small and lacks that &quot;big city Marriott feel&quot; and the shape of it is odd. Since it only has 4 or 5 floors, you can hear noise on the street level. The bed may have been the most comfortable bed that I have EVER slept in!We didn't eat much in the hotel - except for breakfast - it was a nice buffett for a hotel.Overall, we had a great time! We recommend this hotel!	
Feb 21 2006	Great place to stay	Our stay at this hotel was very comfortable. The staff was always polite and helpful and more than willing to help with any arrangements you may need. Our room was above average and the bed was fantastic. The whole hotel was very clean. If you stay during the week they offer a free limo service into the business district in the morning. We missed out on this opportunity because we slept in, but it was a nice bonus if you are up in time. We did manage to take advantage of the free internet in the business center to confirm our return flight. That was a nice addition to the stay. The location of the hotel is only two blocks to fisherman's wharf and not too far from north beach. My one and only complaint was that we had a very close view of the tree outside and that was about it. So I recommend that you ask for a room on the fourth or fifth level. Other than that one complaint our stay was smooth and uneventfull, just how we like it:).	
Feb 21 2006	Great Location	My husband and I just returned from a 3 day trip to San Francisco. We stayed at the Marriott at Fisherman's Wharf for the whole trip and loved it! The location was great! I'd been to San Francisco before and knew renting a car was a bad idea (minimal parking and &gt;$30/night to park at hotel) so staying at a hotel convenient to the sights was key. We requested a non-smoking king room, but were informed they couldn't guarantee the king part When we arrived all they had left were rooms with 2 doubles, but I believe it is a non smoking hotel, which was really nice. The beds were VERY comfortable. Down pillows and comforters, room darkening shades - all key for a good night sleep after a day of touring. I wasn't expecting much of a &quot;view&quot; from our 4th floor room, but surprisingly we could see the bay and golden gate bridge. The starbucks coffee in the room was nice. I heard the hotel restaurant was good, but we only got a couple pieces of fruit from the breakfast buffet. Which cost us $3.50 - ouch. The hotel concierge was very helpful. We spoke with him every day and he gave great advice and plenty of maps of the city and wine country.Overall, staying at this hotel really helped to make our stay in San Francisco memorable due to the convenient location to Fisherman's Wharf, restaurants, Lombard Street, Ghiradelli - walking distance to EVERYTHING!	
Dec 20 2005	Not the worst but not the best hotel in San Francisco	I purchased 1 night at this hotel for $75.00/night through priceline.This hotel needs some desparate renovations. It looks very outdated. The lobby wasn't well lit, neither were the hallways.Our room had sticky carpet and didn't feel clean, neither did the comforter/blankets. The alarm clock was dusty and looked like it was from the early 90s. It was very difficult to walk around in the room since it was crowded.Parking in the garage was $25/night (you pay that for parking almost in most hotels in San Francisco).I didn't get a warm fuzzy sensation or happy feeling staying at this hotel and I didn't feel like it was worth my money.	
Dec 14 2005	Nice Hotel great Location	I stayed at this hotel on a business trip earlier this month. It is in a great location with lots of things to do and see within walking distance. The cable car turnaround is about a block and a half away from the hotel. It can take you up to Chinatown or other places. The only bad thing about the hotel is that it is not a high rise but very spread out and in a triangle shape. There is only one set of elevators in one &quot;corner&quot; of the triangle. My room was on the opposite side so there was a lot of walking from the room to the elevator. This may not normally be a big deal to you, but I was at a seminar and when we have breaks, I like to go to my room and check messages, freshen up, etc. But with it being such a long walk, it was time to start back by the time I got to my room. My only meal at the hotel was room service. Seafood gumbo in a sourdough bread bowl. It was pretty good. From the wharf a couple of blocks away, you can see the Golden Gate and Bay Bridges. It is a beautiful place.	
Dec 14 2005	Fantastic time was enjoyed	I Arrived at the hotel from the airport via a shuttle bus service, no problem. We had flown over from England, so we were a bit tired, even though it was only 7 PM local time, to us it was 3 in the morning. We stayed up for as long as we could but gave in at 9PM. I must say I had the best nights sleep I had had in a long time the bed was sooo comfortable. Got up early the next day and started to explore, the hotel is very well situated for all the touristy things at Fishermans wharf and the bus and tram services were all close by as well. We did everything that tourist do, Alcatraz (close by) Biked the bridge(close by) Lombard street (close by). We also went to Cobbs comedy club which is just up the street from the hotel. We ordered room service a couple of times, which was excellent. Overall I would say, a quality hotel in a quality location, in a quality city.	
Dec 3 2005	Some Glitches in the Execution	If I had written this review after our first night's stay, I would have been livid. Since our second night was immensely better, our stay averages out to, well, average.I was travelling with two teens. I reserved a room with two double beds. When I arrived, they told me no, I had reserved a room with one king-size bed. I pointed at the two kids and said, &quot;Well, we have THREE people here.&quot; They offered us a rollaway bed that she magnanimously said they'd comp. I later checked my confirmation e-mail. It did indeed say I was guaranteed two double beds. Luckily, my daughter wasn't picky and was fine with the rollaway. My younger daughter and I luxuriated on what has to be one of the comfiest beds on the planet. The Marriott offers featherbeds and down comforters -- perfect for chilly San Francisco.About 9pm, I heard the people in the next room fumbling with the lock of the connecting door. Twenty minutes later, smoke started filling our non-smoking room. The smell was clearly wafting in via a draft coming through the connecting door. The roomservice gal smelled it, and said it was worse in the hallway. I called customer service, they said they'd call the room next door and remind them that they were in a non-smoking room, and to call again if the problem continued. The smell soon subsided, and we eventually went to bed.At 3am, I was awakened by loud noises (party-like) next door and my room was filling with smoke again. The phone doesn't have a &quot;front desk&quot; button and apparently &quot;customer service&quot; isn't staffed at 3am. The phone rang and rang. I dressed, went down to the first floor, and complained about the smoke (which physically makes me ill). The front desk staff called the other room, but I would have appreciated some conciliatory noises like &quot;gee, sorry that you had to go through this.&quot; It took another half-hour for the extra people in the other room to go home, and for the smoke to dissipate. By this time, I was wide awake and too upset to get back to sleep. The next morning, I called Customer Service yet again to ask if the party next door was staying over another night. If so, I wanted to be moved. I got the puzzling reply that they had checked out. Since they'd been wide awake and noisy at 3:30am, I was darned surprised that they'd be awake enough to check out by 7am. Besides, the &quot;privacy&quot; notice was still on the door. I assumed they knew what they were talking about, and we all went out sightseeing.Somewhere around 2 or 3pm, we returned. Our room was smoky again. I asked for, and received, a transfer to a new room -- this time, one with the two double beds I had asked for in the first place. This time, the front desk staff was suitably sympathetic. We had to walk 3-4 rooms down the hallway before we left the smoky miasma behind. Luckily, our new room smelled fresh and sweet. A burned-out light bulb in our bed lamp was taken care of in minutes. Our second night was heavenly, and I took back all the bad things I said about the Marriott the night before.We were on the 5th floor, and didn't hear a bit of traffic with the windows closed. The concierges were extremely helpful regarding sightseeing: they recommended the best dim sum place in Chinatown, and advised me on the best time of day to catch a cable car without waiting in line. They were pure gold.If you check the Marriott website, you can get a better deal than Expedia or Orbitz. The normal rate for Thanksgiving weekend was $150/night plus $38/night for parking. I got a deal for $170/night on the Marriott website, including parking, or $199/night including parking, breakfast for your party, a $20 gift gas certificate at Chevron, and a discount coupon for Macy's. Which reminds me, the breakfast was excellent. In addition to the usual fare that you might find on a hotel breakfast buffet, they also had made-to-order omelettes with your choice of ingredients, cheese blintzes, and eggs benedict, among the less-common offerings. Service was also excellent, the orange juice was fresh-squeezed, and the fruit was extra-fresh.The Marriott's location is conveniently near the cable car turnaround, the Cannery, the shops and restaurants of Fisherman's Wharf, and a slightly longer hike to Pier 39. Public transportation from this location is plentiful, so park your car and enjoy the city.The loud smoky next-door neighbors weren't the Marriott's fault. If they hadn't been there, I probably would have loved my stay at Marriott, despite the bed glitch at check-in. Give them a try.	
Nov 30 2005 	Comfortable hotel with convenient location	This hotel is small compared with other Marriotts, but is as clean and comfortable as expected. Very close to the Cannery and other Fisherman's Wharf tourist areas. Public transportation is very convenient. Breakfast was average. Would consider staying here again because of location.	
Nov 28 2005	good hotel	Spent one night in the Marriot and thought it a very nice hotel. Rooms are clean modern and very comfortable. Full marks for one of the most comforable beds Ive ever slept in. Lobby was lovely with fires and comfy seating. We didnt eat at the hotel so cant comment on dining facilities.	
Nov 28 2005	A very average hotel	The good: Super Fisherman's Wharf location, easy walk to Alcatraz, boats/piers, Hertz car rental...very quiet room, very friendly and accomodating staff, good service to Marriott Rewards Elite members (free breakfast, upgrade to suite).The bad: Hotel is old and in need of renovation, price seems steep for what you get ($150 for a &quot;regular&quot; room, thank goodness we were upgraded to a suite. $150 felt about right for the suite but the website said the suite was $299 so I would have felt really ripped off at that price.) Also beds were hideously soft. Would I stay here again? Probably not. The location was great but I want more of a new, comfortable hotel.	
Nov 1 2005	Liked the Marriot loved San Francisco	Had an overnight stay at the Marriot before returning to the UK. The room was very clean and the bed was so comfortable after a long flight. The massage shower was great for our aching muscles. The hotel staff were polite and no problem leaving all our luggage while we went out for the morning. Our taxi driver Ray who took us to the airport was so fuuny, my son didn't want to get out of the car.If you have only got a short amount of time in San Francisco you must visit Alcatraz and you are perfectly situated at the Marriot for this trip. Loved the Fishermans Wharf area and just wished we had more time. We will go back to San Francisco very soon.	
Oct 5 2005	Not Worth It	Paid a premium price, but expected to get our moneys worth, sadly mistaken, bathrooms tiny, If you don't lock the door and are sitting down anyone opening the door will break your knees, having small children this happened frequently. No Pool, would expect one at this price! kudos for health facility, small but impressive, valet parking was a ripoff, registration is in valet area and you must use valet parking or find parking on street and then walk back to hotel to register. found lots of parking for 1/2 what they were charging. noisy, lots of space around door in frame, anyone making noise in the hall woke everyone up.Staff was friendly but slow, slow, slow!Have visited lots of mariotts before (best in norfolk va), and never had a bad experience until now.	
Oct 4 2005	A most enjoyable stay	We stayed for 5 nights at the hotel and as requested were given a courtyard room which was quiet and peaceful. The rooms were comfortable, clean, spacious enough and with excellent bed mattresses. We only savoured breakfast once but due to sightseeing during the day and being retired folks we were generally too tired to venture out for dinner in the evening. The food at dinner was of great quality and the chef and our waiter Juan gave superb service. We were treated to a bottle of wine on the last evening and a plate full of fruit fit for a king. Generally speaking all the staff were extremely helpful and practised the meaning of customer service.The hotel is in an ideal location for all the sights and the cable car and we were pleased we had had not booked a hotel downtown which is isolated from the main attractions. One evening after dinner we went to Lou's Blues Bar close to the Wharf and for 5 dollars per head listened to some fantastic blues music. They have live blues music every night and is well worth a visit.The hotel is not a low cost option but is great value and located in the ideal situation of one of the most striking cities in the world. We would not hesitate to return.	
Sep 14 2005	Wonderful stay	We were so impressed with the hotel. The location was amazing....close to everything! The Barclays Grand Prix went right by the hotel so my husband was beyond thrilled to be so close to the cycling greats. My daughter loved the wharf and shopping. The staff was friendly and we received great recommendations for dinner from the concierge as well as helpful information on getting around. The beds were soooo comfortable. I highly recommend it and will certainly book it again next year.	
Sep 14 2005	Mediocre bland hotel	We found the location far from ideal. We considered Fisherman's wharf tacky and touristy, and no way a true reflection of San Francisco. We stayed one of the three nights we had booked as a reward, and were rather suprised when we weren't asked why we were leaving two days early - maybe our actions weren't uncommon!? The hotel was mediocre. It seemed clean enough, but the room we were allocated overlooking the courtyard had the noisiest air conditioning unit I've ever heard - even after a 12 hour flight we couldn't sleep! The complimentary breakfast was a nice touch, but rather crowded. This hotel was not for us and we breathed a sigh of relief when we moved to a hotel in betweeen SoMa and Union Square.	
Sep 6 2005	Great hotel	We had an excellent 4 night stay recently at this hotel. All staff were excellent, the rooms were of a substantial size, spotlessly clean and with THE most comfy beds. There are nice Bath and BodyWorks freebies. The buffet breakfast was delicious (about $12) and we also dined one night in the hotel restaurant where the food and service were faultless. The hotel is just a 2-3 minute walk to Fisherman's Wharf and in a quiet location. We could not fault anything, and were thoroughly delighted with our stay.	
Aug 29 2005	Disappointed - Marriott Platinum Member	Despite being in a great location, this was the sixth hotel on our summer trip to the West Coast, and somewhat of a disappointment comparing to other hotels (Marriott, Best Western and others).Had to change rooms after the first night because of an odor in the hallway, although Hotel Manager receptive to our needs by morning. Hotel layout is not optimal [60's 'design', need I say more] and in need of an uplift, although rooms were clean and quiet. Breakfast area somewhat congested, but omelettes a nice touch.Recommend requesting a room near the elevators, otherwise walking will be on your excercise program. And, ask about full parking rates, including tax on the service (and then, consider parking a few blocks away on some of the residential streets like we did!). Cannot beat the location if first visit to San Francisco, as within short walk to Fisherman’s Wharf. We were expecting better at the end of our travels to the West Coast.	
Aug 1 2005	Great Location	Marriott Fishermans Wharf was WONDERFUL!! I know it doesnt look like much from the pictures but the hotel is beautiful. We stayed there for our 13th anniversary and I was more than pleased. The beds are so comfortable and the staff was fabulous. Stay here and you wont be disappointed.	
Jul 12 2005	Great hotel	My wife and daughter recently stayed at the Marriott Fisherman's Wharf. We stayed based on recent comments on Trip Advisor. I am happy to report that we were not dissapointed. Everything about the hotel was excellent. The staff could not have been any more pleasant or accomodating. We only stayed one night on our way back from Hawaii and were able to use the hotel as our home base so we could see as much of San Francisco before our red-eye flight home. Although the price for parking was $38 as previously noted by other travelers, it covers a 24 hour period. The location is perfect. The room was immaculate. We arrived late, but were still able to get something to eat in the lounge. The Fisherman's chowder was excellent. I would highly recommend staying at this hotel.	
Jul 10 2005	Great location.	Used some of my Marriott &quot;points&quot; to stay here for a couple of nights ove rthe fourth of July. It's a great location near the Wharf. A great buffet breakfast is included in their package, making this a reasonably inexpensive stay. My only complaint is what I thought was an anomallymy last stay seems to be the &quot;norm&quot; and that is the Non-Smoking rooms smell of smoke. I had two rooms this time and one was insufferable. The other was marginal after leaving the window and door open. Last time I stayed here, I had the same problem......very convenient to The Wharf though.	
Jul 6 2005	Loved the snuggly soft beds!	My husband and I recently returned from a five-night stay at the Marriott Fisherman's Wharf and loved it! The hotel really is in a great location. It is blocks away from the cable car and F-line and a bus stop is right outside the hotel entrance. We bought a 7-day MUNI pass for $20 each and had unlimited access to each of these modes of transportation. Believe me, that came in handy when we were tired of walking and we could just hop on the nearest ride. The hotel was very nice and we had no problems with the service. We got there about three hours before check in and they allowed us to check in right away. I was afraid we would not get a good room because I have read that when you book with Travelocity, you get the &quot;left-over&quot; rooms. That did not happen at Marriott FW. When I made our reservation, I requested a king, non-smoking room facing the courtyard and that's what we got. Our room was actually a nice size...we didn't feel like it was too small. A few minutes after we got into our room, I heard a loud, squealing noise and realized it was the fountain in the courtyard. As I was thinking that noise will not be good while we are trying to sleep, someone came to fix it. I was impressed. As many people have said, the bed was wonderful! It was so soft and comfortable! My husband is not usually a fan of soft beds, and he even loved the bed. While we were there, I decided I wanted my bed at home to be that way, so I have begun looking at feathertops and down pillows. The only downside to the room is the bathroom is very small. Even with that said, we still loved the room and would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jun 26 2005	The Marriott was great!	After much hand wringing of where to stay in San Francisco with a 16 yr old and a 14 yr old on a family vacation, I finally choose the Marriott Fisherman's Wharf (primarily because I'm a big Marriott Rewards member). I had read varying reviews of this hotel and also had several recommendations from San Francisco regulars to stay near Union Square or in the Financial District . . . not tacky Fisherman's Wharf.Well, I'm glad I didn't listen to them! In my opinion, if you are in SF for a short time with kids, the Fisherman's Wharf area is a perfect place to base your operations. The Marriott hotel was great! Nice lobby. Nice bar. Free internet (with 2 computers and a printer) in the Business Center. Very accommodating staff. Beds were terrific. Typical Marriott furniture and decor. Very close to the Cable Car lines. A full service Safeway grocery store a block away. Lots of restaurants (including fast food -- In and Out, Burger King, McDonalds) close-by. You can walk to Lombard Street, Coit Tower, Fisherman's Wharf (Pier 39) and easily catch the boats to Alcatraz.It's true that parking is expensive, but it is everywhere in this city. Take my recommendation and avoid the hassle. Don't rent a car... you don't need one. You can walk, take a taxi, or buy an all day muni &amp; cable car pass for $9/person and get anywhere you want to go. We did that one day and explored downtown, visited the Cable Car Museum, went to China Town and even searched out the house in Mrs. Doubtfire and Lombard School from the Princess Diaries. It was great fun and our kids loved exploring and riding the cable cars.	
Jun 6 2005	Nice room accommodating staff great stay!	My husband and I stayed our last night in San Francisco at this hotel, after spending the previous night on Nob Hill.Check-in was very smooth and we were treated very well. I had made a couple requests months ago when I booked my room, and they were granted without a reminder! I had requested a room on the top floor, facing Jones street (as recommended by other TripAdvisor users!) I was pleased to see they had noted my requests and honored them. The room was a little small, but that didn't really bother us.. We didn't plan a trip to San Francisco to sit in our room! I couldn't wait to try out this bed so many other people have raved about, so I sat down and leaned back, and just sank in!!! It felt so comfortable, I couldn't wait to spend a night there. The view out of our room was decent, we had a pretty good view of a portion of downtown. My biggest complaint about this hotel involves the bathroom. It is definitely showing its age... but the largest problem can easily be fixed! The shower curtain is just plain TACKY. It does not match the class of the hotel by any means, and it would not be hard for Marriott to get some more neutral shower curtains that are more pleasant to look at! The provided toiletries are Bath and Body works- they smell so wonderful and are a nice touch. Parking was once again steep, at $38 a night, but I was prepared for that. It was nice to be so close to the Wharf, where we specifically wanted to be because we were taking a night tour of Alcatraz. When that was finished, it was a quick walk back to the hotel. However, the Marriott is a block or so further inland than many of the other wharf hotels... If you really want to be right on the main strip, the Courtyard or Arognaut will get you a bit closer. The Holiday Inn looked pretty run down, at least from the outside. When we got back to our hotel, we went over to the bar to get some dessert. The menu was rather limited, and nothing looked that great, so we decided to get a pizza to bring back to our room. The bartender was very friendly and accommodating. The bed was VERY comfortable, and we had a great nights' sleep! My husband, however, didn't enjoy the feather bed, but I sure did! It must have been because our room faced Jones Street, but we had absolutely no problem with noise. This is a great hotel, and I had a wonderful experience. I would stay here again, though if I visit San Francisco again, I would prefer to stay in the more immediate downtown area rather than on Fisherman's Wharf. However, it was the perfect location for us to stay after spending an afternoon and evening on the Wharf and at Alcatraz.	
Apr 18 2005	Would definitely stay here again	My husband &amp; I just returned from a weekend at the Marriott &amp; what a wonderful time we had. Every review I read mentioned how comfortable the beds were &amp; I thought - how comfortable could they be? They're incredible! The only downfall is - you don't want to get out of them!!! :) The staff was fantastic; anything we asked for they got it for us with a smile. The rooms were clean with nice bath products. I read some reviews that complained of the noise - well here's the deal---you're in the middle of the city - there's noise. Personally, I like it. I like the hustle &amp; bustle of the city - it get me moving and helps me to start my day. Perhaps those people that don't like the horns honking &amp; such should go to the countryside for the weekend instead!!! Anyway, the Marriott helped to make our stay a memorable experience and I highly recommend it everyone.	
Apr 5 2005	Average hotel	Expensive hotel! Small rooms. Small bathroom. Our non-smoking room smelled like cigarettes. Hotel staff at the front desk enjoyed each others company instead of tending to waiting visitors. Probably won't stay here again.	
Mar 21 2005 	'WIT' They mean it	We just completed a 7 night stay at the Mariott, Fisherman's Wharf and couldn't be more pleased. From the enthusiastic &quot;Welcome to San Francisco&quot; by the Bell Man, front desk and Concierge, we were treated to a wonderful week of hotel professionalism and services on and beyond the call of duty. We quickly discovered that the &quot;WIT&quot; buttons worn by the staff meant (Whatever it Takes), and they do mean it. They provided free morning limo service to the financial district, and when the limo was late by ten minutes, the bell man hailed us a cab to take us with no charges. Our initial room was on Columbus Ave, and previously I had read on this advisory to ask for rooms facing the Courtyard or Jones St. We were quickly accomodated and very glad we made the change. The Breakfast Buffet is bountiful, and the Concierge service is superior. The gym is one of the best, with the fresh fruit and added plus. Thank you for all the advisory's that pointed out that taking a rental car in the city is expensive. The hotel parking rate similiar to others was $38 nightly and we were glad to get a 7 day muni pass for $20 each, good for the cable cars and all other transportation except the Bart. We took tours to which tour companies will pick you up directly from your hotel. If you are a family this is a great facility, although we could of stayed at other hotels closer to the financial district, this hotel was a great hub to attend all venues of interest, like Fisherman's Wharf, Beach Blanket Baylon, Alcratraz (take the night cruise) etc etc... Toughest part of journey was leaving the great soft beds and wonderful San Francisco hospitality we received from this Mariott.	
Feb 23 2005	Good hotel/facilities	Stayed for one night. Good location. Very comfortable room, good gym facility. Sauna did not have a shower or plunge pool therefore of limited use.	
Dec 22 2004	Everything you need for a week-long stay in San Fran	We stayed at the Marriott for 7 nights from 1st Dec 04. We arrived on the cable car (our luggage had been delayed so didn't have to carry that with us) and found the hotel easily. The rooms were big and comfortable (especially the bed!) and even though our room faced the street we found it to be quiet. The concierge was extremely helpful and provided good restuarant recommendations. We hired a car and didn't want to pay the $38 + tax to park at the hotel - but we found it extremely easy to find free street parking (even parking right outside the hotel entrance one night - just watch the signs for which nights they are street cleaning). Can't comment on the restaurant as we didn't eat there. Overall I would say it was a great hotel in a great location - wonderful to come back to after a hard day's sightseeing!	
Dec 8 2004	ok Hotel	We stayed at this hotel on the 28th November 04 for 6 nights. On arrival I asked for a Quiet room which the guy at the front desk said would be fine. After checking into the room we were pleased as it was very nice and modern and overlooked the courtyard.However, the room was so noisy because of the minibar and some sort of Air conditioning vent.The hotel was nice, bar excellent, free internet access but we were disappointed with the room we were given as it was so noisy, I would just describe it as average. I would also not stay at Fisherman's Wharf next time as I found Union Square offered more shops and restaurants.	
Dec 5 2004	Well Done	We stayed at the Marriott for 4 nights as part of a 3 week visit from Australia.This is an excellent hotel providing classy service &amp; facilities at good value.We stayed in eight hotels during our trip and this was our favourite. Staying near Fisherman's Wharf was much better than being in the middle of the city. It was very convenient to the main attractions and the public transport was easy to use.Car parking is very expensive at $43 per night including taxes.Breakfast in the hotel restaurant was a highlight.I hope the SF Hotel workers strike is over now because that was the only (unavoidable) negative. I've still got some of the union songs going through my head!	
Dec 1 2004	Great hotel Beds are amazing	This Marriott was very clean and comfortable. The beds were fantastic. We also loved the location. It was a short walk to the wharf, chinatown, north beach, Lombard street etc. We would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 9 2004	Great situation for a holiday	Just returned from a week in this excellent hotelFriendly helpful staff,lovely room and very central for seeing San Francisco.Complimentary Internet facility was useful also.We didn't have a car so high tariff for parking did not bother us.Good gym also free to residents was a plus.Ask for a quiet room overlooking the little courtyard/garden and you will sleep like a baby!	
Nov 9 2004	Beds To Die For	Marriott Fisherman's Wharf was more than I expected. Room was completely quiet being on the inside, beds were the most inviting I have experienced worldwide. Staff was pleasant and accomodating. Room was available for early occupation -10:00 AM.Breakfast in restaurant very good. Drinks and lite fare in bar excellent. Location terrific. MUNY stops outside of door .	
Sep 28 2004	Great Hotel	This hotel was very nice, and the beds were outstanding. If you stay here, request a room on the Jones St. side, rather than Columbus. We were here for three nights and didn't hear any traffic noise at all. As far as parking, DO NOT rent a car!! Use the public transportation, since parking is very expensive in SF. I would definately stay here again..	
Sep 14 2004	Simply Wonderful!		
Aug 23 2004	Good job Marriott		
Jul 11 2004	Great Location and Staff		
Jul 6 2004	Pleasant surprise!		
Jun 23 2004	Don't take your car!		
May 28 2004	Great Location		
Mar 13 2004	Wonderful Stay at the Marriot Fisherman Wharf		
Nov 19 2003	Some good some bad		
Jul 24 2003	Wonderful Hotel		
Jun 17 2003	Great Service		
Sep 26 2007 	excelente hotel pero...		
May 25 2007 	Muy buena elección		
