Oct 30 2009 	What a dump	My boyfriend and I attended Woodstock West Fest on October 25th and stayed at the Beach Motel on Judah in San Francisco. It would never have been my choice to stay, even if I had to drive 25 miles to a better facility, but our associate had taken it upon himself to make a reservation for us and we were kind of stuck. I had a reservation at the Holiday Inn Express in Belmont for only $75 per night (weekend rate), and when I tried to explain to the hotel clerk that there was miscommunication between our associate and us, and that we already had a reservation elsewhere, and he rudely and adamantly refused to cancel our reservation without penalizing our associate for the full rate of $95/night. So we made due and stayed there, and the room was terrible. We could clearly hear our neighbors chatting in the room next door, could smell their smoke as if they were having a cigarette right in our room, there was no vanity in the bathroom (only a freestanding sink, toilet and shower/tub), there was no internet access, the decor was depressing, and the street car ran all night long and was extremely loud, as it was right outside our window. At check-out time, the hotel clerk came around like a drill sergeant evicting everyone and opening all the doors to every room after a guest left so he could keep track of who had vacated. The premises was run by a man of East Indian descent who had no clue how to treat guests like valued customers. It's not wonder the place was half vacant even though the Woodstock event was that day. I think I'd rather sleep in my car than ever patronize that horrible motel ever again.	
Apr 20 2009 	Disagree with all the negative reviews here!!	We booked the Beach Motel for no reason other than its price. We did minimum research and made the reservation before we read the reviews here. Saw all the negative reviews the day before we travelled and were horrified and thought of just going somewhere else but decided to go with it for one night as they already had our credit card details etc.Actually we were really pleasantly surprised. Yes, the motel is old and could do with refurbishment BUT the room was perfectly clean. The management were lovely to us and treated us with nothing but courtesy. We loved the location: really close to the beach, right on the tram line into the centre of the city, near Golden Gate Park which we loved and right beside the Java Bean Cafe which we quickly fell in love with (try their granola bowl).If you're looking for 5 star go elsewhere but if you're happy with decent clean rooms in a good area of town then look no further. We stayed for two nights at the start of our stay and booked ourselves back in for the final two nights of our trip to California.Yes we could hear the trams but it wasnt a big problem. Neither saw nor heard any evidence of the loud bar mentioned by others - have no idea what this referred to. We used it as a base and somewhere to sleep - not a destination in its own right and it served us well.Would willingly return. Enjoyed our days here.	
Aug 9 2008 	Worst hotel I've ever stayed at in my life!!!	We &quot;accidentally&quot; booked this hotel thinking it was another one we had stayed at and BOY, was that a HUGE mistake. I can honestly say that this is the absolute worst hotel I've ever stayed at in my life. It makes Motel 6 look like The Hilton. First of all, it states that it's 1 mile from the Zoo and UCSF (we were going to both), it's actually more like 4 miles. Secondly, parking is very scarce. Third, we walked in the room and it reaked of urine, there was hair all over the blanket, urine on the comforter and mattress. It was filthy. My 2 daughters, ages 4 and 7 were crying and begging us not to stay there. My 7 year old actually wanted to go sleep in the car. If it hadn't been so late when we arrived (11:30 PM), we would have left and found another hotel. We decided to just stay the night and felt and heard the Muni train all night. It felt like an earthquake. Not to mention people yelling and screaming across the street the whole night. We also kept hearing loud bangs. I don't know how many times I jumped that night and needless to say, didn't get any sleep. I felt like I was getting bit by fleas the whole night as well. This was honesly the worst hotel ever. We chose it because it was close to the Zoo and the hospital, and we thought it was one we had stayed at another time, but I would have gladly stayed somewhere much further and paid much more. The price was outrageous ase well. $108/night. You couldn't pay me to stay there another night.	
Jun 2 2008	horrible hotel + rude management - never ever stay here	Absolutely HORRIBLE place. Quite possibly the worst hotel I have ever stepped foot in. First as I parked I noticed there was only one available spot in the lot so not enough room for me and my friend to park our cars. I walk into the lobby and it smells old and dingy. Their website is also broken. I made a reservation for two people and two beds and it made it for one person and one bed. I walk into the lobby with 3 friends and the first thing the clerk says is he doesn't want that many people in the room. I explain to him that only two are spending the night. He finally agrees and checks me in. I get up to the room and then notice there is only 1 bed. It is also old, smelly, and dirty and the lights by the bed do not turn on. I call downstairs to say how I reserved a room with two beds and the first thing the guy says is he doesn't want that many people and he wants me to leave. I say fine because I've had enough of the dirty, smelly, and broken place. My friends and I spend a few minutes collecting our stuff and before we exit the room he calls to make sure I'm on my way downstairs. I go return they key and say I want a refund and he refuses to give one and yells about a no cancellation policy. I'm disputing the charge with my credit company. I instead went to the Hilton and had a great time for only ~$50 more - money well spent. Never ever stay at this place. With service like the above hopefully they go out of business soon.	
May 17 2008 	would not stay there again if it was free!!!!!	My wife had a doctor appointment at UCSF medical center and I was having trouble finding a place with reasonable rates. I did not know it was graduation for UCSF and that the Bay to Breakers race was that weekend.the place was easy to get to from the north. There were no rooms available on the first floor and my wife has a bad hip, so we had to go up the stairs since there is no elevator.The room was kind of funky. we were overlooking Judah street. The noise from the bar was very loud and made it hard to sleep. Plus the transit trains running up and down the street all night woke us when we did finally get to sleep. The one good thing about the place was that there is good water pressure and the water temp stayed the same through the whole shower.When we have to go back down for other presurgery appointments we will probably stay near the airport. There are more hotels near there, and they can be had for about half the $85 dollars I paid for this place!!My wife just reminded me that there was no shampoo or conditioners provided in the room and that the towels were old and scratchy. Also there were no fans in the rooms and no way to open the windows for fresh air. Although with the noise from the bar we wouldn't have been able to open them anyway.	
Nov 4 2007 	Don't stay here!	I was looking for a place to stay while visiting my father, who was having surgery at UCSF Medical Center, and somehow came across this place. It is near Ocean Beach and close to the N Judah Street Car. So far this sounds ok. Was going to stay here with my elderly mother and shuttle her back and forth to the hospital.Surgery went well, while Dad in recovery room, went to check into the hotel. Was not expecting anything fancy at $99/nite in San Francisco.Drove out to motel--it is built over a bar! Not any bar, but a bar with barred windows, several chopper motorcycles parked outside and a pretty rough group standing outside smoking! This was at 3PM. Decided to look inside hotel, reception desk had bullet proof glass! Room had a funky smell. Decided that I couldn't stay here with my 80 yo Mother, who was looking kind of nervous, waiting in the car.Sacrificed my one nite deposit and started looking around for another hotel. Luckily found a really nice hotel, Hotel Tomo in Little Tokyo.	
Jul 25 2006 	Inexpensive and Ok If You're Not Fussy	I stayed here for a night during a bicycle trip down the California coast. it was about the cheapest lodging I could find that wasn't a youth hostel.If was OK. the room was a little funky, and certainly not fancy, but I didn't feel like I was going to get any lingering infections from it.The evening I was there was pretty quiet. No horror stories.I would stay here again if it was just me and I wasn't trying to impress anyone.	
Oct 4 2005	Nasty Hotel	It has a lingering ordor (not sure what it was), had no a/c or heat, no locks - no screens the windows- You could walk in the room from the windows off of the ledge to any of their rooms, no ice or vending machine, It should be sold as a hourly hotel. We felt our safety and our health were in jeapordy.	
Aug 23 2005	what a nightmare!	this motel was recommended by SFSU for parents needing a place to stay when visiting their student. The cleanliness was OK, but the sheets were stained, the room was stincky and the curtains were filthy and warn. Our room windows were on the road and there was a bar just next to the motel. The noise was so loud it was as if the patrons were in our room. Loud yelling, screaming and drumming until 3am. There was no way to drown it out. Wedid not stay a 2nd night.	
Aug 9 2005	Inexpensive room free parking but steetcar noise	We stayed at the Beach Motel for four nights. The motel is in a residential neighborhood far, far away from most of San Francisco's major attractions, but it is inexpensive and more than acceptable for a budget traveler.If you want one of the larger rooms, be sure to book one that overlooks Judah Street in the front of the building. If you're nimble enough and staying on the third floor, you can even see the beach a couple of blocks away. The drawback to these rooms is the constant streetcar noise between 5AM and 1AM. The rooms in back, while quieter, are small and depressing. We stayed in room 25, with a large king bed and a pink tile bathroom (complete with frosted skylight). Not bad.Some travelers will dislike the place because it lacks pretty much all ammenities (like air conditioning and plentiful outlets), but it appears that the rooms all come with small refrigerators. I would describe our room as clean, but old. The place has seen better days. Another plus is free parking behind the building, a rarity at hotels in San Francisco. The lot does get full on weekends, though, but we always found a spot.For the amount of time we actually spent in the room, it was more than adequate, but don't expect much in the way of luxury.	
