	Hotel that makes you feel at home!	Conviently located in the heart of city. Excellent customer service, great bar and restaurant adjacent to hotel, several packages to accomodate customer's needs. We had stayed here before when it was the Maxwell and transition to new owners was excellent. The only hotel we will ever stay when visiting San Francisco!	
Nov 26 2009 	Wonderful Stay	The hotel staff was friendly and helpful. The room was clean and well decorated. The location was perfect, 1 block from union square near several bus lines, main stores, points of interest. We could do a lot of our rides without a car. We spent 10 days at the hotel and we couldn't have found a better hotel. It was absolutely wonderful.	
Nov 24 2009 	Friendly comfortable great location great value	I enjoyed my stay at the Hotel Frank and would stay there again. The front desk staff were friendly and helpful. My room was small but clean and comfortable. Free wireless Internet. Very convenient to Union Square, and just a short walk to the Powell Street BART Station. Also enjoyed Max's Restaurant in the hotel.	
Nov 22 2009 	Superb!	I loved this place just from the picture i saw in a brochure, and I was not disappointed on arriving. The rooms are gorgeous. The staff were absolutely excellent and made us feel very welcome. Our time there was just wonderful. I'd recommend it to anyone staying in San Francisco	
Nov 13 2009 	Funky hotel awesome location	This hotel is great and I would definately stay here again. The Hotel Frank is just a few steps from Union Square beside the Westin St Francis. The area is filled with great shops, great bars and restaurants. Directly across the road is a convenience store selling liquor with an ATM (we seemed to need that a lot!). The hotel itself is very old but has been renovated in a funky style, we were upgraded to a corner suite which was very large. Bathroom is a bit tiny but you expect that in an old city hotel. Wi-Fi is free and works well. Parking can be expensive though. The staff were very very nice and welcoming. Great Irish bar across the road.	
Nov 10 2009 	Hotel Frank is Frankly the Best!!	Let me just say, if you are looking for a place to stay in San Fran, then look no further than the Hotel Frank or any other Personality Hotel property for that matter. My husband and I had the best experience with the Personality Hotel staff. Right away the Marketing Diva helped me plan the most special surprise for my husband's birthday. She was competitive with her rates, the location was perfect, and she upgraded us to a Junior King suite for free that was absolutely adorable! She sent me maps with local bars and restaurants mapped out for us and every one that we tried was fantastic, especially Farmer Brown. When we arrived she had a gift for my husband from Gump’s waiting in the room along with free drink coupons and a sushi gift card! The staff even allowed us a late check out at 2pm the last day for no additional cost and had a shuttle pick us up and take us to the airport. We most certainly got the royal treatment at Hotel Frank and it absolutely sealed the deal for the most fabulous weekend my husband and I have had for a long time! I could go on and on but I will close with this, take it from someone in the hospitality industry, Hotel Frank is frankly the best!!	
Nov 10 2009 	Fantastic location	Good value in central downtown location..clean and friendly..no frills but excellent for dining and shopping..friendly and helpful service..did not try Maxs but the Daily Grill across the street was super..nice walk to Fishermans Wharf and to the Ferrry Building	
Nov 3 2009 	Nice hotel with a friendly helpful staff in a great location.	I picked this hotel because of its location and because it was renovated recently. I usually stay at the &quot;name&quot; hotels but decided to take a chance on The Hotel Frank. I was not disappointed! There were some small glitches but the staff corrected them very quickly. Th hotel's proximity to Union Sqare and Market and Powell streets made moving about the city very easy. The bar was small and did not have a television so I had to go accross the street to watch the football and baseball games on my limited free time-not a huge problem. I will definitely stay there on my next visit to San Francisco.	
Oct 21 2009 	Good location but not yet perfect	The pictures of the hotel looked beautiful with an art nouveau decor, yet with a contemporary feel. The room was nice with great linens, flat screen TV , nice marble bathroom, and an IPOD dock that we really enjoyed using. However, there was a sewer smell in the bathroom which might have come about from the heavy storm the day before. One evening staff member always made a point to greet us, but some of the older gentlemen in the morning were not as hospitable. Overall, I would recommend it but I think it need some fine tuning.	
Oct 19 2009 	To be frank pass on this mediocre hotel	The Hotel Frank aims for style but misses the mark by a mile because of its inefficient service, shabby maintenance and poor sound-proofing.If first impressions matter, the hotel completely fails because the lobby looks like something from a budget hotel (which this is ultimately what this is). The staff -- or lack thereof -- in the lobby also leave much to be desired. When we checked in at 11 pm, there was no car valet and no bellhop. I ended up self-parking my rental car in a nearby garage. While this would not be a problem in and of itself, the garage normally does not have drive-in/drive-out privileges. Obtaining these privileges requires changing the parking lot ticket for another one provided by the hotel. It took speaking to three different people at the front desk before this procedure was explained accurately.The room itself was relatively stylishly appointed and is accurately depicted in the pictures on the hotel website. However, maintenance is poor: an air vent in the bathroom was conspicuously loose and there were scuff marks in the elevator and corridor. The carpet on the staircase directly outside our room was also missing, revealing bare concrete. The hotel also apparently tries to skimp by offering only one tiny disc of soap -- and no shower gel -- for the entire bathroom. Transferring this precious sliver of soap from the sink to the bathtub each time was enervating. There were also no shower caps and one was never provided even after we asked at the front desk. They must have similarly skimped by using thin, single-pane glass because we could hear all the street noise from our room, which faced a side street. Almost mysteriously, street noises that were tolerable at ground level seemed magnified and included people shouting at 1 a.m. and glass intermittently breaking over a 30 minute period (presumably as the homeless of S.F. rummaged through the trash for recyclables).We chose this hotel because of its central location near Union Square and simply because we needed a place to sleep. With such simple requirements in mind and with the multiple inadequacies of the Hotel Frank, I would advise you to go elsewhere!	
Oct 16 2009 	Clean cosy and unique. Friendly staff and great location. Stay here - you won't regret it.	Hotel Frank was our 'home' for 10 amazing days, and I must admit, after reading some negative reviews already posted here, we weren't sure what to expect. However, our experience was very good. The hotel lived up to our expectations and offered plenty of character. The staff were very welcoming and made us feel at home, they assisted us in every way possible. Our rooms were very suitable to our needs and the beds and pillows were very comfortable which promoted a good night's sleep - something you value in a hotel when you want to wake up feeling refreshed and ready to explore!!!The concierge was very helpful in giving us some local info regarding places to eat and visit and best ways to get around (Thanks Reuben!). If you are looking for a cosy friendly hotel with a unique atmosphere that sums up San Fran, then this is your place. It is excellently located amongst art galleries and designer shops and is just a short stroll to Union Square. I will definitely stay here again given the opportunity and will recommend it to others. If you choose to stay at this quaint little hotel I believe your experience will be as a good as ours. EnjoyFrom the Aussie girls!	
Oct 15 2009 	Delightful	What an amazing visit. We loved the hotel frank, the decor was very fun and it was just a happy place to be. I booked through there marketing &quot;diva&quot; on twitter and she was amazing! Got great rates and amazing service. Received a call from the front desk saying there was something there for me, i thought i dropped something in the lobby, turns out.. I was receiving a gift from Erin (Marketing diva) 2 Starbucks gift cars, 3 free drinks, a cute frame, and a personalized note from Erin. The service at the hotel was amazing, we had a problem in one room so they very quickly switched us to a bigger better problem free room. It is in a great location with so much to do! The food at max's was great and everything was just amazing. Deff Plan on staying there next year when we go back!	
Oct 15 2009 	Exceeded my expectations	I booked this hotel on recommendation from a colleague because our usuals were booked for a huge conference. They had one room left for a reasonable rate, considering the fact that the whole city was sold out.I never expect much in the way of room size in a city, but this one was great, with plenty of room around the King size bed, a chair, a couch, and a desk and chair. The bathroom was somewhat small. The room decor was cute and modern, the toiletries were awesome, and the front desk people were incredibly friendly.The lobby is a bit small and definitely nothing fancy, but it did the trick. They have coffee and tea in the mornings.The location at Geary and Powell is right by Union Square and was perfect to walk to my client in SoMa.While I do find the previous reviewers story a bit disconcertng, I would stay here again.	
Oct 13 2009 	Appalled	I spent one night in this hotel and it was awful. The hotel décor looks tired and dusty, nothing like the photos online (and I’m used to hostels and third world hotels, so it’s not like my standards are through the roof). Also, I found what certainly appeared to be a bed bug and received some bites that my doctor said looked like bed bug bites. This was on a Wednesday night; the following Tuesday the hotel responded to my complaints and said they were planning to call the exterminator that afternoon (so they rented the room for almost a week without looking into it). They claim the exterminators didn’t find anything. I’m not totally sold, but regardless I find it appalling (and told the management as much) that they waited almost a week to bring in an exterminator and rented the room before they had confirmation that the room was safe.	
Oct 10 2009 	1930's Elegance - 2009 Quality	It is a very nice hotel. It is clean, well-appointed, the service is excellent; and the staff were without exception courteous and responsive. Our room was attractive and comfortable. The bathroom was especially nice. It’s an older hotel, restored ever so thoughtfully in Art Deco. It seems like upscale 1930’s. For us, that was the charm; we liked it. Yet the recent resotoration includes widescreen TV and large comfortable beds. The location is excellent. It’s within walking distance to so many things; and there is nowhere you cannot connect to easily by nearby bus, BART or cable car. The neighborhood looks a bit rough to, say, Midwestern sensibilities; but it’s bustling with people from all walks and all cultures, and it soon seemed entirely safe to us at all hours.I recommend the Frank unconditionally. Stephen ScheleSt. Paul, MN	
Oct 9 2009 	Good hotel good location	Enjoyed a good stay at Hotel Frank with my wife on our honeymoon. We had a lovely room on the top floor with lots of space and a good sized bathroom and huge bed.Concierge was very hit and miss - recommended a chinese restaurant that didn't exist (we went where he directed us and it wasn't there!), wasn't around when we wanted to check luggage before heading to the airport and also when we wanted to leave for the airport - if we had been heading there for a flight and not to pick up a hire car, we'd have been late as he'd locked up our cases and disappeared!Front desk staff were very friendly and helpful though.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great place to stay	We stayed for a week and would stay again without hesitation. Our room was on the 11th floor and was spacious, although the bathroom was a bit small but it did have tub/shower combo. It was great having the mini fridge in the room! The concierge Jack was extremely helpful in getting transportation and tours set up. Mark was also friendly and willing to help. The housekeepers were smiling and accommodating. Bathroom appeared to be cleaned well daily. But they turned off the a/c every day, so we had to turn it on again when we came back into the room, not a big problem, just curious. We did not use public transporation because we walked everywhere but bus stops, BART station were very close by. Also, I made our reservation thru Personality Hotels over the phone. The person I spoke to was very accommodating in suggesting which of their hotels would suit us best. Overall a very positive experience!!!!	
Oct 8 2009 	Cute boutique hotel in a great location marred by sometimes unfriendly service	The hotel itself is great. It's located a block away from Union Square and a block away from a public garage (which is $29 a night, by the way, without in/out privileges). There's food and bars all around the hotel and the neighborhood is lively late into the night. The room we were in, a standard double bed, was on the smallish side. The room had decent furniture -- the beds were comfortable with great comforters and pillows, the sink, toilet and bath in the bathroom were of high quality, the robes provided were warm, fuzzy and comfortable. The worst thing I can say about this hotel, really, was the service I received when I first arrived. The person manning the front desk was curt and unfriendly -- it seemed like he wanted nothing to do with us. Other than this person, however, everyone was super friendly and helpful.	
Oct 6 2009 	great place	What a great hotel. I didn't want to leave. Rooms are amazing. Every comfort of home, but done in a very cool way. Staff went out of their way to be helpful.	
Oct 1 2009 	Friendlyexcellent locationcomfiest beds ever!	My husband and I stayed at the Frank for 4 nights after having spent 3 nights in New York. From the word Go the staff, especially Ali, the concierge, were really helpful and friendly. Our room was a good size, and room service was excellent. Slept like a log in the bed! Lovely fluffy white towels and fresh crisp bedlinen. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. We ate twice in Max's restaurant and again staff were really helpful and courteous.	
Sep 29 2009 	We loved every minute of our stay in this hotel	We were a group of three, and had spent the last two weeks travelling around California before getting to Hotel Frank. For the price we paid (very reasonable) we werent sure what to expect, but we couldnt have been happier with the result. Service and attention from when we entered the hotel was great, and we were blown away by the decor in our room, and the hotel overall. It doesnt get much more art deco than this, and it was stunning. The double bed was utter luxury, and the fold out bed from the amazing white couch was also more comfortable than most places we had stayed in prior to our arrival. The huge flatscreen was an added bonus! Located right on the corner of Union Square we were close to everything we needed, and thoroughly enjoyed our stay.	
Sep 28 2009 	Hotel Frank - Eclectic Adorable You Won't Want to Leave!	We had the Executive King, which was so spacious and very comfortable. Room and bathroom crisp and clean, design elements very detailed. Just adorable! Staff were so friendly and efficient. Knew our names and greeted us every time we came through the lobby. At the end of our trip, after having checked out earlier that morning, we returned to Hotel Frank to in the late afternoon to collect our checked baggage and wait for airport transportation. A staff member came out to the waiting area with bottled water for us. A simple yet exceptional touch. We will definitely return to Hotel Frank on our future trips to San Francisco. Great location, close to everything.	
Sep 20 2009 	Awesome stay!	Conveniently located, friendly hotel staff, fun, swanky, clean rooms. Awesome enough to book another room for a December stay!	
Sep 19 2009 	Fabulous in every way	Stayed at this hotel for 3 days (wish it could have been more) on a tour of California and it was the best hotel by far in all our trip. Room is beautiful, bed &amp; pillows the most comfortable ever had at a hotel. Staff were extremely helpful. Ate in restaurant and had the best meal in all our 14 day tour of California. Location is excellant for sight seeing, a real central location, good at night for eating out, safe to walk around. Renovations are all finished and they have done a fine job. One of my favourite hotels ever and would thoroughly recommend.	
Sep 14 2009 	Be nice when it's finished	A hotel in the making, but well located and friendly staff. Our room had been very well renovated and the renovation work was two floors away, as promised. The BART website got us from the airport using the train and gave directions for the last 200 yards.	
Sep 3 2009 	Major major...major safety concerns!!!	DO NOT stay at the Hotel Frank until the renovations are completed! It is impossible to use the fire escape. The stairs from the third floor down are chained-off for building work - although no workmen/women were seen during our stay. If you use the narrow spiral (dangerous) fire steps you can only go down to the second floor and cut across the corridor which is being renovated and full of obstacles such as building supplies. The lift is the slowest in the world (truly). (Can't believe I didn't take photos...sorry) I mentioned all to the receptionist who told me she didn't know any of this - yeah, right! :-) She said she would bring it to the manager's attention. DANGER DANGER DANGER WILL ROBINSON!!! Room small but okay. Stupid basin outside the bathroom. Location good. Hotel restaurant busy...don't know why. Rules on menu mean free desert if their &quot;rules&quot; are broken by the staff...not cleaning table during meal, etc. Staff didn't seem to be bothered with rules. Cold cup of tea left on our table during duration of meal. After renovation - if fire escape and lift sorted, might possibly recomend hotel (mainly for location).	
Aug 31 2009 	faux chic. not impressed.	the location isn't bad but that's about the only good thing i have to say about this place. everything in the hotel has been recently renovated but...nobody mentioned that is was renovated, on the cheap. it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure this out. bleehhh, just thinking about it gives me the heeby geebies. and to think, for 20 dollars more a night we could have stayed at the Clift, i want to cry. Plus because it's so close to the really amazing hotels (including the Clift) it made us realize how crappy Hotel Frank really was. the front desk people were nice but it's seriously more like a dressed up holiday inn (except not even that nice) than anything else. I feel misled and betrayed - what a disappointment. From scratchy sheets to serious lack of overall class and amenities, this place is the pits. don't go.	
Aug 31 2009 	Good location tiny rooms.	My husband and I stayed at Hotel Frank as part of our world tour and compared to the other similar standard hotels we stayed at, it was average. Our room was very small but clean. It was a great location for Union Square and China Town, however we were woken by the noise from people leaving a club which was situated below our room at the weekend. We were disappointed by the bathroom - very weak shower and not the toiletries that are stated on their website! Most of the staff were friendly. But I must make a special mention about Jack the concierge, who was brilliant at giving us advice, booking tables and just being very friendly - thank you!	
Aug 26 2009 	Great central location!	Located just off Union Square, we were centrally located for upscale shopping, theater, museums and top-rated restaurants within easy walking distance. The staff were friendly and helpful. Upon arrival we found we had been up-graded from a Executive King to a Junior Suite. It was a large newly renovated room decorated in a cool, unfussy, hip decor. The only drawback was the poorly placed tiny bathroom sink .	
Aug 23 2009 	Nice but a few faults	Just came back from San Francisco ,very nice stay at Hotel Frank but bathrooms very very small [well the ones in the king suite we stayed in were] cant even get your head over sink when cleaning teeth and no bath only shower,had to keep asking for more soap,toilet rolls etc and when we came back from a day out extra soap had been removed!some days no hand towels ,no extra pillows for sleeper sofa or blanket.,housekeeping left coffe cups etc and didnt wipe bedside tables.lifts very slow and cant use stairs as bottom half still under renovation and taped off,staff ok but a little abrupt having said all that beds very comfy,breakfast from Max very nice ,bit far from Fisher mans wharf and nearly everthing goes from there so had to keep going back and forth in taxis but very central for shops and gallerys.	
Aug 17 2009 	Stylish interior 	Renovated from the former Maxwell, Hotel Frank is a nice place to stay. Surprising trendy room and lobby. The staffs at front desk are quite helpful and friendly. Located at center of shopping area (make me to go the Cheese Cake Factory TWICE !!!)Fair price at the city.	
Aug 16 2009 	just brilliant!	The staff at Hotel Frank are extremely helpful; they will bend over backwards to help and offer advice. Our room was beautifully decorated in an art deco style. The location is fabulous, with shops, bars, trams, buses and trains a stone's throw away.	
Aug 5 2009 	Cool trendy rooms.	We enjoyed our time at the Hotel Frank. Close to Union Station and within walking distance of China Town and Fisherman's Wharf.The rooms were very quiet (we didn't hear a footstep, toilet flush or door slam) during our stay. If possible, ask for a corner room (you'll get a pair of views).Very trendy decor with unique lighting and furniture.	
Aug 5 2009 	Nice clean hotel good location and very nice rooms	We were very happy with this hotel. The rooms were very nicely decorated, and definitely not your standard hotel decor. There were some nice touches, like an iPod alarm dock. The room was pretty spacious, and all the furniture was comfortable. We didn't have a view, but it made for a quieter stay as we were not facing onto Geary St. The staff were pretty friendly and were able to give us good advice on where to eat and go out.The hotel restaurant and bar seemed to close quite early, and it would have been nice to have a bar that wasn't part of the restaurant. That said, there are loads of bars in the area, so it wasn't a problem. The location is great - just off Union Square. We were really just using the hotel as a base point for sight seeing in SF, so we can't really comment on any amenities.We booked this through ebookers.com, and we got a pretty good deal - certainly much better value for money than other hotels we've stayed in. I would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 3 2009 	Design and Comfort in Union Square	I loved the fabulous location right next to the St. Francis on Geary, the black and white design sensibility and comfort of this hotel. There was a beautiful giant wood full-length mirror, flat screen TV, high windows that let in lots of light and the robe even matched the houndstooth decor. Fun, contemporary deco new hotel! Lighting was wonderful for reading in bed, comp Voss water added to elegance! Cannot wait to return on my next trip to SF.	
Jul 17 2009 	Fun in the city!	My husband and I enjoyed Hotel Frank. We liked the decor which was very art deco to me. The bed and pillows were comfy. The service was good. The location was great, right next to the jazz club and Union square. We would return.	
Jul 11 2009 	Great location	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Frank for 7 nights and thought it was an ideal location to do all of the sightseeing and shopping we wanted to do. Its just a couple of minutes walk from Union Square and Maceys and a few minutes walk to the cable car. The room was comfortable although there wasn't really any drawer space. We had a room at the back of the hotel which I was disappointed about to start with but given the noise from the traffic and sirens on Geary Street I was glad we had this room. The staff were friendly, pleasant and helpful. There is free tea and coffee in the lobby in the morning but if you want English breakfast tea take your own. All they had, tea wise, was some herbal tea. The coffee wasn't that great, it had a artificial sweet taste. Must sights to see are Alcatraz, found that fascinating, Golden Gate Park on Sunday afternoon and a bike ride, or walk, over the Bridge. Bikes can be hired for $8 hour. From the hotel you can walk up to Fishermans Wharf, takes about 40 mins but make sure you have good walking shoes for the hills. The local bus service is very good and cheap. A one journey ticket costs $2 - great value. You can catch a bus outside the hotel almost to the Golden Gate Park for $2. Food and drink in San Francisco is reasonably priced. We had a lovely meal, not cheap, at the Hotel Monaco restaurant, up Geary Street and the restaurant at the top of Maceys serves a wide range of food to cover all tastes, don't forget to try the Cheesecake. Fishermans Wharf is a bit tacky and we are glad we didn't stay there. The sea front is full of cheap souvenir shops and Pier 39 consists of bars, restaurant and shops. All in all San Francisco is a great city break and the Hotel is ideally siutated for sightseeing and local transport links, the BART underground is also just a few minutes walk away - ticket from airport to Powell Street stop (for hotel) is just $5.35, bargain.	
Jul 11 2009 	Uber stylish room with so-so service	We stayed in the penthouse (room 2132) for the last few days of our honeymoon. The room which is laid out like a condo - was like something out of a magazine! Very well appointed and the deep soaker tub in the bedroom felt so luxurious! It is a 3 star hotel mind you - so don't expect uber-service. We were looking for a bit more guidance on seeing San Francisco - and all they seemed to be able to suggest was a 3 hour bus tour. We dined at the Michael Mina hotel next door in the St.Francis - which was absolutely fantastic - innovative food, expertly paired with delicious wines!	
Jul 8 2009 	great	we stayed here 2 nights last month, cute updated hotel. great location.nice sized room. free WiFi.asked the concierage for a few suggestions. they did not go out their way to help but we figured everything out- would return	
Jul 3 2009 	ideal location close to union square and tram stop	good location for easy access to all attractions. hotel check in was dealt with quickly the receptionist was a bit miserable ,but sid the other receptionist was okay. the rooms are very nice and comfortable clean and everything looks new. plasma tvs ,only problem is the noise which you would expect, but with double glazing would be okay. the rooms are cleaned everyday with clean towels but they dont change sheets every day if you want them to do change them you have to ask, they are on a eco drive. the resturant attached to the hotel max's on the square is quite expensive it cost 20.00 for breakfast, just across the road is leftys that is good and cheap too. hotel isdog friendly which we didnt like too much, but we asked if the room was not dog friendly. (we think it wasnt. )most rooms have been decorated and the rest of the hotel is being done but you cannot see this i just went up the wrong stairs and discovered this my self. there is wi fi connection just ask the reception and they will give you a password to get in.we did not need a car as the frank is so central but if you are travelling, the car park is 28 us dollars a day.	
Jun 23 2009 	not what's expected	Traveled to SF for a 30th Bday. Lets start with the positive.... Excellent location, close to all major sight seeing in SF, lots of shopping and restaurants. Decent rates for the location. Now for the neagatives: The hotel has been through a supposed &quot;major renovation&quot; however the carpets are blk and white, the white part already several shades of grey and filthy. The elevators are tiny and while they open and close rather slowly, good luck trying to sleep if you get a room even remotely close to them. The door ding on the elevator opening is so loud and the walls are very thin. You can hear every door open and close and every guest conversation if u are in the hall or anywhere near thier door. The room is VERY SMALL. The bed takes the WHOLE space. We got a room with the BATHROOM SINK IN THE ROOM, not in the bathroom, hence the name BATHROOM sink!!!! The bathroom was a very narrow space wich consisted of just the shower and toilet. Water pressure was bad despite the beautiful waterfall showerhead. Knowing it was for a 30th bday we requested a view and a room on a higher floor to minimize the street noise. The first room we were placed in was directly infront of the elevator with NO view and the second room looked out to a shady hotel with no street view as well. The air conditioning unit was the type that fit into the window causing the street noise to filter right on through, making it a loud night. There was absolutly NO counter space whatsoever. You have to live out of your suitcase. The hotel staff was not very friendly and lacked knowledge of good restaurants etc. We had asked to speak with the hotel Manager on one occasion and was told he left for the day. We have yet to ever get a call back from them, it has been 3 weeks. The hotel appeared to still be undergoing the &quot;renovation&quot; because the main stairs down to the lobby was completly stripped, taped and coned off at the 5th floor, forcing us to take the elevator everytime we came or went. The hotel did not provide water for the room. We also did not get fresh wash cloths or amenities / toiletries on the second day. We had to find the housekeeper and ask for them. All in all it was a GREAT location, I would have to recommend staying in a different hotel in the same block. We had a great time in the city however the hotel Frank did not live up to its advertisement.	
Jun 22 2009 	Great Location Find A Good Deal	We only were in San Fran for a night, and chose to stay at Hotel Frank. Hopefully anyone reading this is fairly web savvy because it will pay off. I was contacted by Personality Hotels on Twitter when I announced I was looking for a hotel deal, and offered a deal better than anything on their website and some extra perks. We had our dog with us, and were left treats for her and a nice personal note from the marketing girl who booked our room for us. We stayed in a junior suite which was plenty big, even with our dog crate. The bathroom was beautiful, very spa-like and the bed was super comfy! We did have to haul all our stuff to our room ourselves when we first got there, but service got better over the weekend, and we had better help when we were leaving the hotel. Honestly, for the deal we got, this hotel far surpassed my expectations, I would stay there again anytime. Just don't eat at the sushi place across the street.	
Jun 16 2009 	Poor service	I have stayed at Hotels like Westin St. Francis, Westin Market street in previous occasions and our experience was much to wish for at the frank Hotel. It was over priced for its location and the stuff at the front desk was not helpfull. We ended up getting charged for services we did not ask for. We spoke with the hotel mananger but he only offered us a apoligy. Not ethical.	
Jun 15 2009 	This good hotel has got better	My daughter lives in the City so I visit every year. I washappy to stay at the Maxwell &amp; delighted with the Frank.Great location just minutes from Union Square. Rooms are quiet at night.Refurbished rooms are stylish &amp; comfortable. Rooms are on the small side but not a problem if you're just sleeping there. Bathroom is large &amp; well equipped.Front desk service was very efficient &amp; helpful. Great at taking messages &amp; reminding you. The people there remember &amp; recognise you when you come in &amp; leave the hotel.The room was immaculately clean, the maids very helpful.Variety of local places for breakfast.I will stay again on my next trip.	
May 30 2009 	A little gem - The Hotel Frank San Francisco	A few years ago I discovered the Hotel Maxwell in San Francisco as a cheap and cheerful on Geary Street close to Union Square. I was happy to stay there and loved it for what it was.It has now been reborn as the Hotel Frank. When I rebooked and found the name change I thought ... well it looked a bit too good to be true. Marvellous art deco refit which looked wild and wacky.It was very cost effective so I did rebook. It's wonderful. The refit is spectacular however they haven't got rid of the things that were terrific before - namely the staff. Jim on the front desk, is a gem as are all the other staff who really do seem to want you to have a good time. The restaurant next door is still the same and a pleasant experience too.Just need to upgrade the air conditioning and it wil be perfect.Well worth a stay!The photos on their website qre completely accurate	
May 12 2009 	fantastic stay with Frank	The Hotel Frank is great value in a perfect location, right near Union Square and within walking distance to shopping, transport, restaurants and bars. I stayed for 4 nights in a massive junior suite with an opening special rate of $99 per night, and selected the $5 upgrade offer. The room has everything you need, including an easy to use safe. The bathroom uses a sensor light and has a great rain shower with a simple tap system. (The bathroom was tiny though- the only negative aspect).Internet is available in the lobby by credit card or pre-paid voucher for a $5 minimum for 20 minutes. There is a really good restaurant downstairs with a wide menu and efficient service. All in all, a great stay and highly recommended.	
Apr 22 2009 	Great location great room good service	We stayed here for 3 nights this week &amp; loved the place. It's a 10 minute walk up from the Powell St BART so don't spend $$ on a taxi unless it's late at night &amp; you have heavy bags. And about 1 minute to Union Square. The room we had, 1001, was very groovy black &amp; white, and quiet. It was refreshing to not have the standard &amp; boring corporate-look hotel that has no character. We found the service before &amp; during our stay helpful &amp; friendly (thanks Mika on the morning shift!). They have a nice restaurant on site, plenty of others nearby,Definitely would stay here again. (We had a look in the lobby of another of their hotel down the block, Hotel Union Square, looks nice too.)	
Apr 22 2009 	Great Location Disappointing Rooms Amenities etc	I'll start with the plusses --- an amazing location. Across from all the theatres near Union Sq. It was perfect for shopping and getting around SF. And it's close to Bourbon &amp; Branch, the single greatest place to go in SF (yes, you need to go there!). The room was clean and some of the fixtures, etc very cool. And the value is great --- $100 to stay at that location? Also, the bathroom soap/shampoo, etc was Aveda. Nice. There was a very good iPod station and the blackout shade was awesome. The plusses end there. When I say the room is tiny, I SERIOUSLY mean the room is TINY! I had absolutely nowhere to put my suitcase, my g/f had to put hers on top of the safe in the closet (mine wouldn't fit), and there was NO dresser space or the like, so we had no choice but to live out of our suitcases. Extremely disappointing. I mean, the bed took up the WHOLE ROOM. We could barely walk in there. No exaggeration. When asked if there was a bigger room available (it was my 40th b'day and they knew it), we were told there was a Jr. Suite and the upgrade was a significant % higher with the rate as it was. I had also asked at the desk if it was a nice street view (again, celebrating my b'day and wanted a cool SF view), was told it was, and it certainly wasn't. So, what did this fine, newly remodeled hotel do to make us feel welcome for this special occasion for me? Give us a little notecard and 2 bottles of Voss water. Gee, thanks! Disappointing. When we left a note the next 2 am's for more water, we were given something like Deer Park water. Embarrassing. Don't give Voss water the 1st day and then some crappy supermarket brand the next! Ugh. Onto the water pressure. Oh, wait, it was almost non-existent. They had a wonderful rainstorm showerhead, yet barely enough water for it to work at all. If you wanted hot water (hell, even warm water), the pressure was zero. Water drooled out of the showerhead. Again, newly remodeled hotel - VERY poor. You need to check this kind of stuff! Who cares if your fixtures are cool and decor uber-modern if you can't take a remotely decent hot shower? Additionally, despite this being remodeled, the carpet's white areas were already grey. Poor choice of colors for carpeting and not enough care taken to keep them white. And when we arrived, we were asked to take our luggage out immediately so the car could be parked (city being picky on the streets and rush-hr), but no one bothered to help!! I was so looking forward to my stay at the Frank, but left apologizing to my girlfriend for the room. Thankfully, it was cheap, in a great locale, and I was able to enjoy Aveda shampoo. But I wouldn't recommend it. Sorry. Not enough things done for a special occasion that was known about and really some poor chocies (crappy bottled water the 2nd &amp; 3rd days) and poor amenities (complete lack of water pressure). They can do so much better. If they'd like to respond to me, I'd welcome it. I was stoked to stay, and far too thrilled to be out of there.	
Apr 6 2009 	Good service and great style	My wife and I just stayed here for a short weekend trip. We booked our room on the hotel's website and got a great deal by paying at time of booking. We got a King Junior Suite for an unbeatable price. If you are looking for a one-of-a-kind boutique hotel with fun retro/modern design in the heart of Union Square...you can't go wrong with the Hotel Frank.	
Aug 31 2009 	Bien situé et agréable		
Aug 30 2009 	Niente di speciale...		
