Oct 23 2009 	JDV Makes Another Splash!	I have come to trust that the Joie de Vivre hotels will be hip but won't break the bank! I was in San Francisco to see family and friends for a week. JDV offers seasonal discounts on longer stays, so I was able to get a great rate at this already surprisingly inexpensive (for San Francisco) hotel. So the first criteria, value: CHECK!Many people comment about the neighborhood, but I love the SOMA area! Are there homeless? Of course, this is San Francisco! But there are also thousands of residents, tons of great restaurants, a gourmet grocery or two and some of the Bay Area's best nightspots! The homeless won't bother you if you don't bother them - they're as much a part of the current San Francisco culture (for better or for worse) as any other aspect of the city. Once you get past their presence, the neighborhood has a lot to offer.In fact, the reason I love this location so much is that it's a block and a half from the BART / MUNI Metro station. I fly in, get on BART at the airport and then walk a few blocks to the hotel! No need to rent a car in SF - public transportation is consistent and convenient. And you can buy MUNI visitor passes for one, three or seven days at the airport while you wait for your luggage!The hotel itself: Renovated public spaces and (for the most part) rooms. It's all trendy retro, with a very nice attention to detail. There are three courtyards around which the rooms are placed, so most rooms have windows that lead out to the corridors - mine was one of the few that had a light shaft view instead, which I prefer to watching my neighbors come and go. Don't expect views from your rooms.The rooms are well maintained, hip, retro (and comfortable) furniture, with free wifi and all the basics! The queen bed was very comfortable. And the furnishings were so fun that I had to make every relative or friend who met me at the hotel that week to come to the room and see it! More than one compared it favorably with the style of the W Hotels.They have a burger restaurant on premises that serves a decent breakfast as well. Also, the Good Pizza parlor across the street is in a sister hotel, so you can order pizza for delivery (and it's more than good - it's excellent artisan pizza) and have it charged to your room!They have a workout room, an outdoor pool and sundeck, multiple social areas (courtyards, in and off the lobby, etc.) and a rooftop deck with stunning views of the city! There was a sauna listed on the maps placed on the room door, but I was never able to find it.I truly enjoyed my time here - a week is a long time to spend in a hotel, so it needs to work for me! There were only a few minor complaints:As has been noted, there is no air conditioning. But there WAS a ceiling fan in the room, and combined with the cool San Francisco air through the window kept the temperature livable.Also, their in-room coffee service is Maxwell House instant coffee with a hotpot, such as one would find in Europe. When I travel to Europe I bring my own coffee - looks like I'll have to do the same here.And finally, their room renovations were not 100%: while the living area is great, the bathrooms were neglected, with old tubs, tile and toilets. I know it's a big expense, but non-renovated bathrooms just put the rest of the room off . . . it's a shame, because they did such a good job on the rest of the updates.All in all, I'll stay here again and again - great location, comfortable room and great value! What more can I ask for?	
Oct 12 2009 	Excellent Value	This is my second stay at a Best Western, so I knew what I was expecting, and that would be exceptional value. I stayed here with my family a couple of weeks ago and I would have to say that this met and exceeded my expectations.It's a stylish hotel with retro decor and furniture; the staff are friendly and the hotel is extremely clean. There are good amenities available for guests such as: a bar, fast food restaurant, gymnasium, Internet and swimming pool. It offer's exactly what you need for a hotel stay and that's somewhere to freshen up and put your head down for the night at a very reasonable price.The only downsides I found are that that the hotel is located on a slightly dodgy street and a mini fridge in the room would have made our stay much more enjoyable. However, overall I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking to stay in San Fran at a hotel that offers exceptional value!	
Oct 12 2009 	I don't care how you dress it up	They've simply spruced up Motel 6 to look like a three-star hotel. My queen room was tiny, the bathroom &quot;area&quot; is teeninchy, there is no dresser, I had to share a work desk with a TV, the ironing board is literally &quot;a board&quot;, all in a less than savory neighborhood surrounded by no decent amenities.Any place where I feel the urgency to run to the nearest drug store and cop a can of Lysol, is clearly not a place I plan to revisit.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great hotel less favorable neighborhood	We stayed at the hotel over a long weekend, prior to leaving for Ireland and we had the best time at the hotel. Six women, ranging in age from 17 to 50, we walked from the hotel to Chinatown, caught the transit up the street and rode to Pier 39 one day, went to the farmer's market up in the square the morning we left. We did not feel safe leaving the hotel on foot at night, we saw a few drug transactions on the streets as we walked around during the day and lots of homeless people at the donut shop at the corner, but no one bothered us directly. One man started to follow the younger women until he realized we were a group and then he turned and walked off. The hotel itself was fantastic; fun theme, excellent burgers in the on-site burger joint, and the staff went above and beyond to make us comfortable.I would definitely go back to this hotel and would not be afraid to retrace our trips to Chinatown, etc, in a group, but I would not walk around the neighborhood alone at all.	
Oct 3 2009 	Nice hotel for the price but yes no aircon is a problem	Overall i think the hotel is great although you do need to walk a little to get to the main street. The only problem i had is the lack of aircon. I remembered reading this review which said bigger people or people who are afraid of heat will find this a problem but I am a petite lady who's afraid of cold but boy did I sweat in that room (not what you think). I literally work up all 3 days in sweat but strangely my hubby had no problem with that so i guess it's a personal issue but just be warned.	
Sep 6 2009 	Good value for money	We were a bit unsure when we booked into this hotel but our fears were unfounded. We were only a couple of blocks away from the F line trolley which took us to Fishermans Wharf for 2 dollars. Beds were very comfy, the safe in the room was big enough to take lap tops. Free 24 hours WiFi in our room agreat bonus. Only downside was the area, very close by were lots of smack heads and drunks but have to say that they never seemed to bother any tourists and just kept to themselves but it was worrying walking past them. Also you didn't have to walk far out of the hotel and there were obviously unstable people around. Lots of social problems very apparent in San Fransisco.	
Sep 5 2009 	Not your typical Best Western	We wound up here because the other conference hotels in the area were booked and were prepared for the worst. In many ways, this motel was a pleasant surprise: The groovy 60s decor is fun, and everything feels clean and new. Staff members were generally helpful. Downsides: The neighborhood isn't great, especially on the walk between the motel and the convention center. There's no AC, and the room gets pretty warm even if SF itself doesn't. I guess I'd recommend this place, but only during cool seasons and only if you're traveling in a large group or plan on staying in at night. Also, the building's layout and room-numbering system seemed a little strange and confusing; I've never had so much trouble finding my way from lobby to room and back at a hotel.	
Aug 31 2009 	Yeah baby......	Rooms are kitted out in sixties style... which is fine if you like this style, but it doesn't do a lot for me. In general the room was clean and tidy. Seperate bedroom with a queen size bed and a sofa bed in the living area, which filled the room when opened out. Good tv with loads of channels to choose from.The location of the hotel is in the SoMa (South of Market) area of the city, so is quite a hike to the Fishermans Wharf, which is the main tourist area. If you dont want to walk you can pick up a bus or tram from Market street which is just a couple of blocks North of the hotel. Be prepared for a long wait if you want to ride the trams on the Mason-Hyde or Mason -Powell line (these are the ones which go up the steep streets), we had to queue for about an hour.I was suprised by the number of 'down &amp; outs' in San Francisco, and in SoMa in particullar. It could feel a bit intimidating at night returning to the hotel and having to deal with the endless requests for 'a dollar'.If I went back to San Francisco I'd get somewhere closer to the Fishermans Wharf area.Book ahead if you want to go to Alcatraz.... there was a four day wait when we were there.	
Aug 14 2009 	would never consider staying anywhere else in san fran	We were so lucky in getting a room for this place as my girlfriend was adamant she wanted to stay here. Booking through 1800 hotels and only 2 weeks before we got a great deal.On arrival, we were checked in quickly and on return to reception, the team were more than helpful in providing a map and directions on where to go and what to do. The hotel has a cafeteria/restaurant custom burger. The place is always busy and we went there a few times for breakfast which was good although looking at the burgers when visiting for happy hour we were jealous, they looked amazing.The room was compact but just what we needed, great TV with good channel choice, also provided we had a radio with ipod adapter, iron, safe. We didnt use the pool as we had too much too see and do, but it does appear to be a sun trap and it is a decent size Only negative to us was our return to the airport, we asked for a taxi but instead we were sent a private limo type car which when asked the driver he said he was working for the hotel. The rate was higher than an average taxi and if we had more time we would have just cancelled him and got a taxi (which are always available outside the hotel). So when telling the reception you want a taxi to go the airport make sure it is one and ask them the rate as it is a bit of a rip off.One other warning, at night never walk alone back to the hotel, there are a lot of &quot;characters&quot; on the streets on san fran and its not the nicest of places once you go off the beaten track.	
Aug 10 2009 	Nice hotel be prepared to walk.	As per other reviews, the Americania is a pretty decent hotel. Our room was clean, well appointed, if a little snug and comfortable. The bathroom wasn't brand new, but was just fine. Service was very good overall. We had to wait a bit too long for our room, but the staff did everything they could to get it ready for us as quickly as possible. As everyone else has noted, no A/C! This was pretty awful, as the rooms get quite warm, especially the smaller ones. If you left the fan on all day, it helped cool things down a bit.Our room was the very last one in the hotel (450) so we were on the main road side, which was quite noisy at night. Lots of sirens and road cleaners going past at all hours. Also, the free wireless didn't reach that end of the hotel, so if that's an essential feature, ask for something more in range of the front desk, maybe. Custom Burger was very expensive, and not at all worth the price in my opinion. The shakes are fantastic though! Right across the road at the Good Hotel, is a pizza place on the bottom floor. Good pizza, good prices and friendly staff, esp Ashanti. Eat here over CB anytime. The location isn't great, but we walked toward the &quot;bad&quot; part of town in daylight hours and had no problems. It's roughly a 90min walk to Pier 39, allowing for photo and coffee stops along the way. However, it's all flat, so it was an easy walk. I would stay here again, but definitely request a different room.	
Aug 1 2009 	good value but wrong area of city for sightseeing	Clean and large family room with two queens and a pull out sofa. Bathroom tired but clean. Room fan was noisy and there was no air conditioning (room was hot even though it was only approx 56 degrees outside. Reception staff very friendly and helpful. Burger bar attached is the only source of food in hotel (good for breakfast but average for any other meal) and there is nowhere nearby. Lots of homeless people in hotel vicinity. Did not cause us any problems but was unnerving when returning to hotel late and walking with the children. All attractions are are at Fishermans wharf area and Pier 39 so not a good location for sightseeing. Had a nice heated pool on the rooftop.	
Jul 23 2009 	The reason I relocated to San Fran!	I stayed at the Americania 4 times between December 2008 and May 2009, and have nothing but rave reviews for every stay! The staff is knowledgable, professional, and friendly - I pestered them incessantly for dining recommendations, and then for relocation tips when I decided to move from Washington to SF. The beds are soft and comfortable, and the room is immaculately clean. My only criticisms are: no A/C in the rooms (I stayed in April when there was an unusual 5-day, 100 degree heat wave), no refrigerators (but they provide one at no charge upon request), and instant icky coffee (but good tea that makes a great alternative), Custom Burger (restaurant) pricy, even for SF. Centrally located to everything I need - 1 block to the BART, quick walk to everything else you need.	
Jul 20 2009 	Only Place to stay in San Fran!!!	Perfect hotel for a group of friends!! Lovely, comfortable, funky rooms!! So close to union square, shopping and everything really!!!! great place to eat right beside the hotel (entrace into the restaurant from hotel) for late arrivers to San Fran!! Free computer and internet access which was brilliant also. Staff were so helpful and lovely and I'd recommend the hotel to anyone travelling to San Fran!!! The street down to hotel was a bit dodgy but once you're not on your own it's fine. Brilliant value for money as well because of the 4 night deal so stay there as long as you can for an even better price!	
Jun 30 2009 	Trendy friendly and clean in SoMa	We stayed for 4 nights at the end of our two week trip. With two teenage boys we needed a room with three beds that didn't cost a fortune, difficult to find S.F. The room we reserved had two doubles and a sofabed. Small room, no A/C, just a ceiling fan. Staff was very friendly and helpful for getting around the neighborhood. The room was kept very clean. Beds were comfortable. Earplugs provided in the night table, and you may need them, I sure did. Worst thing about this property is the soundproofing is lousy. Most rooms open out to two large atriums and sound bounces around, especially doors slamming, suitcases rolling and kids running. Things do quiet down by 11:00 pm, this is not where the party people stay. Breakfast at Custom Burger is good but kind of expensive. I won't even go into the price of the burgers (just okay according to my hubby) or cocktails in the lounge. No coffee machine in the room, so get it at Starbucks or any number of cafes or bodegas in the 'hood. Wi-fi access was spotty and slow. They have two Macs in the lobby with a printer if you need it. Pool looked pretty but it was too cold for us Floridians!	
Jun 17 2009 	Suprise in SOMA	I got way more than I expected for my $94.00. I reserved 2 rooms for a girls night. The rooms were nicely updated and clean. My friend commented that she felt like she was in &quot;an IKEA ad&quot;. Parking only $20.00-what a deal!! The area is a bit sketchy, but really not bad. The best thing was the awesome service. I saw a front desk guy manage to interpret bus directions to a Spanish couple who originally came to him with an address that did not exist, (at least in San Francisco) deal with an annoying patron who was trying to nickel and dime everything, and check me out in under 5 minutes. Moreover, his attitude was fantastic. The staff here really seemed to care whether or not you were happy with your stay. I would definitely recommend this hotel, unless you plan on staying in your room all of the time, because the rooms are a bit small and the hotel can get noisy. Next time I'll try the pool, it looked great!	
Jun 1 2009 	Great Location very clean hype decoration!	We stayed one night in SF and in this hotel and it was great. The staff young and very friendly, the location is great, off Market street, a 5 minute walk from Union Square. We were very possitively surprised by the cleanliness and decoration of the rooms. We were in Las Vegas before and stayed at the Planet Hollywood which is considered a 4 star hotel and &quot;resort&quot; and the cleanliness of the Best Western Americania is not even compared. Our rooms were decorated in a very youthfull and hype way. If we go to SF again, we will definitely return to the Americania!	
May 29 2009 	not a great neighbourhood	arrived at Americania,first time in USA.Hotel is clean, rooms are small,courtyard is good ,but can be noisy at night time.Heed advice from other travellers,when exiting hotel turn right,trams ,buses and main road are a short distance away.A lot of homeless. beggars and vagrants await you,especially if you go left,when approach say no be polite and keep walking.Hotel staff were great,only the neighbourhood spoiled this place.If going out at night strongly recommend taking a cab.	
May 26 2009 	Fun funky decor great staff ventilation not ideal	Really fun, early 60s(?) decor throughout, free jukebox in lobby, and the staff all seem to be both eager to please and to be enjoying their work. Location is OK, close walk to Moscone Center and public transportation, but neighborhood a bit scary after dark.  Rooms are all on courtyards, which screens out street noise, but only ventilation is a small window on courtyard, which means that on the occasional warm days in San Francisco, it can be stuffy. Worse, any noise in the courtyard reverberates and can wake you up. Nevertheless, we'd stay there again, especially considering the price for a clean, comfortable and fun room.	
May 22 2009 	Convenient and clean with a great front desk staff!	My husband and I stayed at the hotel for 4 nights and had a great experience. The front desk folks were friendly and attentive. The room was clean and cheerful....no view, but we didn't spend a lot of time in the room except to sleep. It was convenient to the convention center....had a nice heated pool.....juke box in lobby playing oldies all the time....computers in lobby for use by guests....wifi in rooms. The only problem we had was the TV cable kept going in and out.	
May 19 2009 	Best weekend ever.	Very clean and the service was top notch. The hotel had a chic design and was very classy. The hotel staff wasv very welcoming and hospitable.	
May 19 2009 	cool place	close to shopping area &amp; food , realxing , quite , first place i would think of going back to stay	
May 18 2009 	If you are looking for comfort cleanliness convenience and are cost-conscious this is your place.	Staff couldn't have been more helpful from the time we drove in, until we checked out. Service included bringing a small refrigerator into the room, and conveniences included an inviting roof-top (3rd floor) swimming pool. The decor was charming and non-institutional, the beds comfortable, the linens soft. There were plenty of pillows for reading, an overhead fan (we were there in unseasonably hot weather), and a lovely water sculpture on the second floor patio, with tables interspersed, perfect for sharing a bottle of wine with friends. Our room was off the street, with only the sound of the water sculpture on the second floor, and thus, quiet and restful. Everything we wanted to see was within 1/2 mile walking distance.	
May 10 2009 	Value of money	The hotel is about 4 blocks from the Moscone Center. It is clean adn the rooms are good. Staff is helpful and in my opinon is definitely value for money. Area around the hotel is not too good.	
May 8 2009 	Great experience	I had a great experience there. The front office Manager. Mr.William Ortiz was wonderful he has great customer service skills and went above and beyond to make our stay pleasant. I would definitely recomend this hotel to friends and family.	
May 6 2009 	Noisy hotel in a sketchy neighborhood	The hotel was NOISY, although clean and newly renovated with cool modern furnishings. The surrounding neighborhood is VERY SKETCHY, including shootings, crack houses, strip clubs, transients and vacant storefronts. Staff was friendly and helpful, NOT RECOMMENDED FOR FAMILY TRAVEL.	
Apr 25 2009 	Happy with Best Western Americania	We were happy with our stay at Best Western Americania. The refurbished rooms look great, and were very comfortable. Comfy beds, flat screen TV, decent shower, stylish furnishings. I had prepaid for the stay on Expedia, and did not run into any problems with my credit card being overcharged like some reviewers previously mentioned. They have a sign posted at the desk that they &quot;authorize&quot; $30.00 per day for incidentals, and we had no problems there. We found the staff - from parking attendants to front desk personnel to housekeeping - to be extremely helpful and friendly. Even though it was quite chilly, we actually swam twice - which was nice for us after a Chicago winter. The water was warm and the pool area is nice. Other guests seemed to be mostly European tourists, gay tourists and families. And during our stay, it was quiet - even on Friday and Saturday nights. The location is not for the faint of heart. I like it because it's near the SOMA bars I frequent. There are a lot of homeless and other riffraff in the area (but this is true for a lot of San Francisco). But my friend and I had a quite scary experience a block away when we were followed by an extremely unsavory young dude which made us quite nervous (we ran to the nearest bar). We were convinced he wanted to rob us, but who knows? For the most part, however, the homeless and drug addicts in the neighborhood are harmless. But keep your guard up!There is a great place to get breakfast sandwiches and coffee on the corner (don't remember the name). And we tried Custom Burger and that was good. I would stay there again.	
Apr 25 2009 	Art-deco chic for a good price if you don't mind the bums :-)	+ Art-deco chic+ Really nice, large rooms+ Price/quality – we got a two-room suite for 129 dollars a night+ There is a swimming pool+ Friendly staff+ A good, pretty central location...- ... although the neighbourhood is full of bums (though most leave you alone if you mind your own business, some don't - this didn't bother me that much but I can imagine someone could feel a bit uncomfortable)- No air conditioning (the ceiling fan doesn't really help)- The walls are pretty thin, so you'll hear the neighbours and (depending on where your room is) possibly also the traffic- Really slow wi-fi (even in the lobby)	
Apr 20 2009 	This motel is funky comfortable and close to the city centre.	We absolutely loved staying at this motel. I was travelling with teenage daughter and young son and they even enjoyed it here. The rooms were great and the theme of the decor throughout the hotel was funky, groovy. We would definately go back and stay here. It was also a short walk (10 minutes) to the city centre were there was shopping, cable cars, eateries, movie threatres it was all here. There were also a number of eateries near the motel, ie Subway, Pizza, Chinese, Hamburgers plus also had free wireless internet, gym, pool and the staff were really friendly.	
Apr 17 2009 	Not Expecting The Best - Was More than Pleased	I had read much about the bad location of this hotel. It was fine. I was there with a large group and my wife and young child. We felt fine. It is a big city. Great value for the price and the hotel itself is quirky in a very good way. Lots of foreign travelers. Great boutique burger joint on the premises. I would definitely stay again.	
Apr 14 2009 	Great place to stay in SoMa	Great place to stay in the South of Market area...easy access to public transportation which can take you to the Mission, Castro, or the Haight in a matter of minutes. Plenty of inexpensive dining options, shopping areas, and nightlife options nearby. The rooms are not only remodeled...but also very clean. The front desk staff is attentive and friendly and the housekeeping staff did a great job. Some might think this is a 'undesireable' neighborhood due to the characters on the street...but it's just your average urban area. Would highly recommend to gay tourists...easy walk to Folsom &amp; Harrison streets.	
Mar 19 2009 	Never staying here again	Neat looking little place, but that's it. Post-modern art decco bullshit does not make up for the fact that the people that run this place suck. I wish I had read some of these reviews before booking the place. My credit card was also overcharged immediately upon check-in. This is illegal. MOst motels and hotels hold your card or whatever, but this place literally charged my card double what I booked the room for. They did not fix it until after we checked out. This didn't really mess up our vacation, but they gave me the typical, &quot;we'll look into it and get back to you&quot;. Never looked into it at all. I called my bank and they said that they had not been contacted by anyone. They did not even acknowledge me. Total disgrace to customer satisfaction. Terrible smelling neighborhood too, though most of San Francisco smells terrible. This motel is located right near/on mission st. Homeless people everywhere, smells like pee, totally gross. &quot;Open air&quot; motel means open courtyards with people both drunk and sober and high on drugs up at all hours of the night. Smoking cigarettes, cigars, and weed, yelling, being obnoxious, etc... Called once to complain to the front desk and they said they would send someone up. 35 minutes later I went out and told the guys to shut up, to their credit they did, but is that really my responsibility? This place sucks.	
Feb 9 2009 	Caution! Do not book!	Not only was this the worst hotel experience I've ever had, it was the worst customer service, too! This hotel has a courtyard setup, which means that drunk people were yelling between balconies ALL NIGHT, EVERY NIGHT. Not to mention small yapping dogs! I stayed here on business and booked through the company travel agent. The stay was supposed to be prepaid, but when I checked in, they asked for a credit card to put &quot;on file&quot; for incidentals. At the end of my stay, they charged me for the hotel that was ALREADY paid for. And they charged me $60 for services I never used, including an optional charitable donation that I never agreed to! When I complained about the poor treatment, the manager insisted that I wasn't being treated poorly! This place is NOT WORTH THE HASSLE, I would pay an extra $20 to be treated like a guest, rather than a pest.	
Jan 23 2009 	Hidden Gem !!!	My wife and our two boys (ages 4 and 1) just spent 4 nights at the Americana and loved it. They did a great job with the rooms, everyone was very nice and we had a comfortable stay. The kids loved the pool. We lucked out with sunshine and 70+ degree weather the whole time. I often travel to SF for business and plan to stay here again. It's so close to the Moscone convention center and the subway - you can get everywhere easily. The neighborhood is pretty run down, but still safe. The only thing we didnt' like was breakfast in the restaurant - it was pretty crappy. Besides, there are so many other great places to eat in SF - jump on the subwway (MUNI) and head down the Ferry Terminal Building - takes 10 minutes total door to door.	
Jan 21 2009 	This Motel is awful	We booked this motel online and upon arrival was overcharged upwards of $455. I brought this to the attention of the manager and was told that they could charge me anything they wanted to charge me. After 6 days the money was returned to my account. IT TOOK 6 DAYS! I was offered nothing but two complimentary meals. 6 days, 2 meals, you can do the math. We had come on a fixed budget and this ruined our whole vacation. I understand mistakes happen, but the motel did nothing to rectify it. While we were there we overheard at least 7 other customers complaining about the same thing. Apparently they place a hold on your card literally for whatever they feel like charging you. (managers exact words) They do not disclose this and when you bring it to their attention they still do not admit to it. The motel is in the ghetto too. The entire area smells like pee. I wouldn't say it's dangerous, but certainly not for the faint of heart. The motel itself was clean, but the whole neighborhood is just a cesspool. It's dirty and smells bad. The staff are complete morons, they lie to your face and don't make any effort to turn you into a repeat customer. They also charge you several &quot;donations&quot; upon checkout that you have can not refuse to pay. The motel is cheap, but you get what you pay for. I booked it because it was cheap, but in hindsight I wish I had not gone on vacation at all. This motel, and all of the Joi De Vivre motels are a joke. The neighborhoods are absolutely reprehensible. The staff, managers, and owners are cowards that would prefer to hide in their offices than address a complaint.I guess that's what I get for staying in a Best Western and trying to save a few bucks.	
Jan 14 2009 	NIce Hotel Stay for MacWorld	Decor &amp; Staff were upbeat and helpful. Room was spacious, quiet and comfortable. Internet access was good. Great hotel for the price.	
Jan 13 2009 	Loved my stay	The hotel was small but clean. The staff was very nice and helpful. My wife felt safe and comfortable. The hotel is located near Market ST and Union Square. In fact it was near all attractions. It had the best little Asian restaurant located across the street of tyhe hotel. Great food!! My wife and I loved eating there. Overall, I really enjoyed my stay in San Francisco. I and will stay at Best Western Americania again I return to San Francisco later this year.	
Jan 5 2009 	Very good value for meoney	We stayed at the Americania in october 2008. Ok, there are some funny characters in the neighbourhood, but if you mind your own business they will probably do the same.The hotelrooms are nicely decorated and comfortable enough for a cityhotel. Good beds, a good bathroom what do you need more?The hotel is on walking distance from downtown SF. We walked to Fishermans Wharf, China Town, Lombard street, The Art center etc. The staff is polite and is willing to help you.Ok, the parking is US$ 20 a day, but hey.....your in the big city.Go and park you car in Amsterdam, it will set you back EUR 5 per hour!!!!The Americania is a nice, and comfortable hotel on a good location and good value for money.	
Dec 28 2008 	An affordable oasis in Union Square	This hotel was above average in service, cleanliness and hospitality. This was not the ordinary hotel setting. The retro furnishings were different and fun. It was a refreshing break! We would stay here again!	
Dec 26 2008	Great Boutique Hotel	This is a newly-renovated boutique hotel decorated in kitschy mid-century modern. Rooms are average-sized, but very comfortable and include a flat screen TV and a large shower (no bathtub in our room). There is a pool and a fitness room (bike, treadmill, elliptical--all new), both of which are well-maintained. The hotel is very centrally-located (though, as some have noted, this is not a 'hip' street with restaurants and shops...nearby Market St. and Yerba Buena Gardens can satisfy those needs, however).Were it not for the ridiculous parking fee, this hotel would be an excellent choice. The hotel charges guests $20/day (expensive even for SF), and then insults them by offering non-guests parking in the same garage at the rate of $5 to $8/day! Unbelievable, really.	
Dec 12 2008 	Funky Bargain-Priced Gateway to SOMA	For the price, this is a gem -- half or less than hotels blocks away with free parking and Internet access and a very friendly and responsive staff. The Americania has been remodeled in a funky, mid-century decor with a touch of deco and even a funky onsite hamburger joint called Custom Burger as well as an exercise room and outdoor pool.The good price is probably a product of location. The Ameritania IS a couple of blocks away from, SOMA's cultural attractions and into somewhat marginal territory in terms of street folks and such. But we were never made to feel uncomfortable. The one other drawback is a less than perfect air conditioning system, but the room windows open so there is a fresh air alternative that most hotel rooms lack these days.	
Dec 3 2008 	Decent stay very poor location and a bad after-sales experience	My brother and I stayed here for a few nights, and if it wasn't for the hotels location I would have probably enjoyed my stay a lot more than what I actually did. The hotel and room itself is what you would expect of any Best Western hotel - standard and fairly low cost. However, the staff seemed friendly enough and the rooms were clean. The beds were fairly comfortable, although you might want to bear in mind that I had been camping for the previous two weeks, so any bed was going to feel comfortable.  However, you would think that when building a hotel you would take it's location into consideration, and this is where most people criticise the hotel, and rightly so. San Francisco contains a lot of homeless people anyway, but there seemed to be more than usual around the area of the hotel. Although most homeless people are fairly harmless we were confronted by one man who started calling us racist (he simply based this on the fact that he was black and we wouldn't give him money) and started getting rather aggressive before an American friend intervened. Needless to say I didn't feel comfortable walking around the area and you shouldn't have to feel like that when on holiday. On the bright side, it is only a 10 minute walk into the centre of the city and there are plenty of taxi's available if you want to go further afield.  At this point I would have said that the hotel was decent-good with a poor location, but then something happened 6 months after my stay which completely changed my view. I had booked the hotel through a travel agent, so the hotel had no need to charge me for anything. They did, however, take a credit card number as standard, in case any damages occurred in the room. Needless to say, there were no damages. However, 6 months later, a transaction appeared on my credit card bill from Best Western for a fairly substantial amout of money. I immediately contacted Best Western and my card company about this. The card company said they would investigate the issue while Best Western didn't even apologise or offer any explanation. I never found out what exactly happened but an advisor from the card company said that it looked like an employee of Best Western had obviously kept my card details (when they should have destroyed them after I checked out) and tried to use them 6 months later, and somehow hoped that I wouldn't notice. I realise that this might have been a mistake but the fact that it was 6 months after my details should have been destroyed, means that it is very unlikely an error occured. So, in summary, I would recommend staying somewhere else because not only do I not trust the staff but the area is not exactly glamorous.	
Nov 9 2008	Good Hotel.	We stayed here for 3 nights in October and had an enjoyable stay. Whilst as others have mentioned the Hotel is not in the best part of town, we were not bothered by any of the homeless around. Once you are on market street head a few blocks towards the financial district and it improves. Further to that there are good public transport connections close to the hotel that allow you to get to main sights quickly and easily.Overall the hotel looks a lot better from its makeover and we quite liked the new modern retro look – which is fun. The rooms did not have air con and only had a ceiling fan, however in October this proved adequate. We were only bothered by noise on one night and this only appeared to be due to a group deciding to chat over a cigarette in the outdoor courtyard – so I struggle to hold this against the hotel. The beds were very comfortable and the walk-in shower was great.The hotel restaurant looked good, however we felt it was over priced, especially for breakfast. We found a deli – Tony Baloney’s – a few doors down (turn left out of the hotel) which we would recommend for breakfast. It was filled with locals and offered a similar selection for breakfast s the hotel but was much cheaper. A good choice as a base for seeing the city.	
Oct 23 2008 	Funk before basics	Despite what a lot of customer reviews say, the neighborhood is not the problem with this wannabe boutique-hotel. The real problem is that they nickel-and-dime you for everything. There is also no air conditioning. I would think that if you're going to give a hotel a huge makeover, the first thing you would do is install air conditioning. They didn't here; they were more concerned with putting board game pieces in fat red frames.The hotel wasn't bad, but when we checked into the room, it was terribly hot. The ceiling fan was wired to the track lighting over the bed, so we could only have air if we turned on the lights. I went to the desk to complain about this and they sent up a man who disconnected the lights.There was no refrigerator in the room. We had some leftover takeout, so we asked if we could use one. They sent a man up with a small fridge, but it cost $10 a night. Not bad--but again, a nickel here, a dime there.The lobby and rooms were cute, with brightly-colored plastic retro furniture. If you want to get a good idea of the decor, watch the episode of &quot;The Odd Couple&quot; when Felix tries to redecorate the apartment. The only thing missing was the chair shaped like a hand. But once you're past the lobby into the halls, the place is a bit creepy. The rooms' floor-to-ceiling windows face the hall/balcony, so there's no privacy. Some people were sitting in dark rooms with their doors open. Others were lying in bed watching TV with their doors and curtains open. Maybe they were trying to cool off. Perhaps there was just an odd collection of people during my stay, but there was constant noise. People yelled down the hall to each other and ran up and down the halls all hours of the night.When we checked out, we found we had been charged $100 for parking a Buick. We never had a car. (Parking is $20 a night.) They reversed this charge, but weren't particularly nice about it, considering it was such a blatant error.Overall, it wasn't terrible. The location is two blocks from Civic Center, BART, and the F streetcar to the Embarcadero. The street is no less safe than Market St. itself.Just don't visit during a hot weather spell!	
Oct 16 2008	Excellent modern hotel	I spent five nights in San Francisco with my girlfriend in September, and we spent two of those nights at The Americania, which is situated on 7th street, approximately a 10 minute walk from Union Square.The hotel has been recently refurbished, in a 'chic', modern style. The rooms were clean, beds were huge and comfortable, and the bathrooms immaculate. Highly recommended at a reasonable price - The Americania has to be some of the best value in the city.Lack of working aircon was noted, but SF was a bit chilly when we visited, so it didn't affect us!	
Oct 3 2008 	Nice hotel	Very nice rooms and a friendly staff. Location is not that good, i rather stayed closer to Fishermans Wharf. Parking is 20$ a day (expensive i think) and just around the corner is a large parking which costs 10$ a day.	
Sep 25 2008	Avoid this hotel!	This hotel is very noisy and in a terrible part of town. Homeless people, threatening looking people, and various other sorts of seedy people are everywhere. If you want to be near the adult superstore and nightclubs, then this is the place for you.Noise is abundant at all times what with people coming and going at all hours. Around 5am there is a garbage truck or something that comes by and makes a bunch of nose heard on almost every floor and every room. By 5:30am people are checking out or there are other hallway type noises to wake you up. You are extremely unlucky if you get a room next to 7th street - you'll hear every car drive by!Rooms have zero noise insulation so you hear everything. No air conditioning unit, only a fan. Makes for a hot night - and not in a good way!Bathroom wasn't too great. About what I'd expect from a Comfort Inn class. Bed was surprisingly comfortable although the room had a very strange decor.Overall, I would not stay here again and do not recommend you do either unless you are either saving some serious money or insist on being surrounded by noise and vagrants.	
Sep 3 2008 	Our trip of the year	Being hot as it was , there was no air conditioning in our room. We had a fan in the living room, but nothing for the bedroom. We were unable to have a good nite sleep in 7 days.	
May 26 2008 	Very modern fun decor	Our family stayed here on a 2-day trip to San Francisco. On the plus side: the hotel is being painted (pink exterior is being painted white), the room was clean and newly renovated (black-and-white ultramodern with a red amoeba-shaped coffee table), the pool was clean, and the valet service (they must park your car for you but it is free) is polite and prompt. The downside: the hotel is in a somewhat seedy part of town (we walked the streets trying to find a more reasonably priced restaurant for breakfast than the one attached to the hotel and were accosted by aggressive panhandlers). We could not find any suitable restaurant nearby other than a Subway sandwich shop and ended up eating breakfast in the hotel's restaurant anyway. The restaurant could use a facelift but the food was decent even if overpriced ($10 for bacon and eggs). Bring some earplugs (loud fire-engine noise) and your own breakfast if you can and enjoy this comparatively well-priced hotel and its peaceful swimming pool.	
May 12 2008 	Location isn't so great but the Americania is fine!	My son and I stayed here for 3 nights on the second leg of our first ever overseas holiday after spending 4 nights in LA and driving all the way to SF.I had read a few reviews on this site and was a little dubious about the pink facade amongst other things. However, as it turns out, this is a terrific place and we really enjoyed our time here.As of April, 2008, the building is no longer pink and is currently being renovated. The rooms were comfortable although not overly spacious and were clean. They were also equipped with coffee making facilities, free internet access and a hairdryer and ironing board.If you are looking to stay in a 'swank' area of SF to stay, then this place is not for you, (plenty of homeless around - but that's the USA for you anyway),) and you would need to move closer into the heart of the city. But all that comes at a price of course.The hotel has a swimming pool, Laundromat, burger joint and bar. The staff were friendly and helpful and it is easy to walk a couple of blocks to Market St and catch the bus/tram/thing (whatever it is) to Fisherman's Wharf. A couple of blocks east puts you in a very nice area of the city as well.We really had a great time at the Americania and I would use this place again if I ever get the chance to visit the USA on another occasion.	
Apr 18 2008	Excellent for the price	Stayed here on our final night of a Trek America trip and were slightly worried after reading some of the reviews. However the hotel itself was excellent. They seem to be renovating the rooms and ours was very clean and modern. The food in the burger bar was EXCELLENT and the whole place was very clean. The area was not great, but like others have said there are street people all over San Fran and unless you want to pay to stay right in the Wharf/Pier area you are going to get some shady characters about. Having said that, we had absolutely no problems with anyone and one bloke even told us the best way to get to Pier 39 and gave us a heads up that we'd need exact change for the cable cars!Hotel staff were extremely helpful...we had LOADS of questions and they were very patient! Rooms were very comfortable, but the only compaint we had was that with them all being set round a courtyard it was quite noisy when other guests were coming in and out. Quite a way from the airport, but the reception staff are more than happy to sort out a taxi/shuttle which we used and paid about $16 each...£8 for at least 20 mins to the airport didnt seem to bad! Overall a good hotel and for the price we paid we definitely couldnt complain!	
Jan 30 2008 	"Pleasantly Surprised"	The Best Western Americania was the first place we stayed on our American holiday. We had seen pictures of the hotel before we left home so seeing a pink building was not a surprise for us although I’m sure the pink may put some off. It is an older hotel but it is undergoing renovations. The foyer area was lovely and new and very welcoming, we found the staff to be very professional and helpful.Our first room was on the 3rd floor. The room and bathroom appeared to have been recently upgraded. The décor was lovely and it was very clean and serviced daily. In Australia we are not accustomed to tipping so this was a new experience for us and it was lovely to have little ‘thank you’ notes left by the house keepers. We had two double beds and a double sofa bed which was adequate for my husband, myself and our 3 children (10, 17 &amp; 21).We had a problem on our first morning. The floor above us was currently being renovated with work starting around 8 - 9am (no noise though until after 9). I was in the shower and the worker above us must have hit a water pipe as we had water coming through the room ceiling. My husband called the front desk and before I was out the shower they had another room available for us (and no, it wasn’t a long shower!!!). Our 2nd room was on the next level and identical to the first one. We did notice that the rooms had a little bit of a smell to them when we first entered, nothing specific though to put our fingers on. The smell did disappear quickly once the window was opened up so really wasn’t an issue.Our room was equipped with a coffee maker (how I longed for a kettle and tea bags!), small refrigerator, iron/ironing board, hair dryer, clock/alarm/radio and television (my son loved all the channels available over there). We also had free Wi-Fi in our room.The hotel had a heated swimming pool which the kids enjoyed and also had a small laundry with washing machines and dryers (no Wi-Fi access in laundry).The hotel is also in close proximity (walking distance) to public transport, cable cars, Market Street, Union Square, and the Civic Center. We had no problems getting in and out of San Francisco and found the location very convenient.We didn’t have a problem with noise although our room was set back from the road which could have helped. We did hear some angry voices on our first night but didn’t know where they were coming from.At the time of booking our room it was stated that they have free parking. They now charge for parking but the hotel did honour our initial no fee booking.As far as homeless people go, yes there are quite a few around and you will find them along 7th Street. However, you can go just about anywhere in San Francisco and find homeless people, they are just about everywhere. They are generally not a problem but if they offer to help you they will expect to be paid a small fee. We weren’t caught out by them but did speak to some fellow Australians who had been conned into buying a map of someone for $5.00, the same map was free in a street vending machine not too much further down the road! We had 5 lovely days in San Francisco and were very comfortable during our stay at the Best Western Americania.	
Nov 20 2007 	Exceeds Expectations	The Best Western Americania did many things well, considering the price. The hotel has a nice lounge, retreat, and lobby. The hotel even had a fully functional restaurant called “Custom Burger”. Don’t let the name fool you, for the money, the meals are outstanding, and if you listen carefully, you might be able to hear Jay-Z on the radio in the background.As for the room, it had many amenities you would expect: Ironing board, Iron, plenty of towels, TV with free cable and WiFi. The beds were serviceable, the linen clean. For that matter, the room was clean throughout. The bathroom and shower showed very little signs of wear. The carpet appeared clean, the furniture, if sparse, was clean. The water pressure was great, with hotel water only seconds away.The only negative I could say about the hotel is the noise level. It seemed like the walls were paper thin. Sirens and car horns could be heard clearly in the room. Other hotel doors opening and closing could be heard, and the worst part was when someone walked down the stairs (nearby to my room) or across the walkway in the floors above, it was like someone beating on a large bass drum. I am, however, a light sleeper, so others might not have these issues.In summary, the room was clean, the staff was very friendly and knowledgeable, and the price was fair. The location is convenient for downtown excursions (located only a short walk to the BART Civic Center stop and to the Market Street Cable Car stop) albeit in an area frequented by panhandlers, shady characters, and homeless.	
Oct 8 2007	Fabulous Budget hotel	I booked a total of 5 rooms for our eclectic group coming into town for the Folsom Street Fair for 4 nights. We were a mixed group of couples and singles, all in our 40's - 50's. I booked this hotel due to the close proximity of the street fair and the reasonable rates. I had originally booked 1 family room, 2 doubles, a king and a queen room, but upon arrival the lovely day Manager Amy had upgraded 1 of our double rooms, and the queen room to 2 family rooms ( They are a bit bigger ) . I had called a few weeks prior and requested to be put on a waiting list for additional family rooms and this was taken care of for me. The rooms were spotless and well laid out. Granted there is no air conditioning but the cool September nights made the rooms comfortable for sleeping. Paying for parking was no big deal at $15 a night. Coming from NYC we are used to paying much more. The location of the hotel is perfect for sightseeing around the city, whether driving or taking public transportation. The hotel has a newly renovated resturaunt and bar. Our group took over the bar on a few nights and the bartender Paul was wonderful. The resturaunt was ok for breakfast, a little pricey but the food was fresh and hot. The hotel pool was maintained well and several of our group made us of it. All our rooms were on the 3rd floor overlooking the courtyard and we never had any problems with noise as suggested in some other reviews. The hotel that weekend was booked solid with the Folsom Fair crowd ( look it up ) and the ADA convention, certainly an interesting mix of travelors, but everyone was respectful and pleasant. We also had absolutely no problems with &quot; street people&quot; as suggested in other reviews. No different than any other city. And certainly no dangers. The hotel staff went the extra mile for us , from housekeeping to management. A big shout out to Amy for her infecticous smile and the &quot; bubbly&quot; and to Iian, the night Mgr for his pleasant and wonderful ways, and to all the housekeepers that took such good care of our rooms . Tipping your housekeeper is something every travelor should do. Just lets them know how grateful we are. This was by far the best 2 star budget hotel any of us had ever stayed in. It was clean and well lit. The staff was wonderful. The hotel had everything we needed and hoped for. If you are looking for a 4 star hotel, then I suggest you book that $400 a night room somewhere else. We will stay here again for all our SF travel.	
Sep 27 2007 	Decent place to stay for the price	Two of my girlfriends and I stayed at the Americania from September 14-19th. It was the most reasonably priced hotel that we could find. At the time of booking, parking was said to be free. That policy changed, before we checked in, but the guy at the desk was very passive, and waived the fee for us. The location of the hotel is VERY close to public transportation (which was clean, convenient and safe). The first day took a little adjusting to the transient people wandering around, but then I realized that my church is located in a similar area...so no big deal. They really didn't bother us at all. The hotel itself was very clean and the staff was pleasant and helpful. Our room was a bit noisy because of the courtyard configuration (and the fact that each door &quot;bangs&quot; shut and echos through the courtyard), but it wasn't a deal breaker. The pool area was nice, but the saunas were out of service (and looked a little sketchy). There were a lot of foreign tour groups coming through the hotel - one group that met in the courtyard at 7AM to have a debriefing, which was annoying.	
Aug 22 2007 	Exactly what was represented	The newest reviews of this place have been scary and yes, I admit that the area that it is located in, seems a little sketchy but, if you look closely around all of San Fran, there are street people everywhere. So, if you are squeamish, then try to find somewhere else to stay. Otherwise, the hotel was exactly what was represented. While we tried to reserve a NON smoking room, we were told that it would not be guaranteed. And of course, when we arrived it was not available but, luckily, the rooms are well maintained and did not smell. We stayed in a Family suite (apparently, there are only a few of them) on the fourth floor, which was two double beds/tv in one room and another double/tv in a room that was closed off by a door. The room was tidy and clean and the bathroom was nice and newer looking. The room was cleaned every day and fully restocked. The only problem was the noise level and lack of air circulation. There was one ceiling fan in the main room but not in the second room. When you opened the window in that room you were subject to the noises of the street at night and if you closed it, you were warm and stuffy. Two large washing/drying machines on the main floor make mid-vacation laundry possible. Also, most hotels today serve breakfast as included which makes family travelling easier. This hotel did not. The morning hot buffet was $10 and the cold was $7. Not hugely expensive, but something that they probably could consider including as a Family Friendly thing to do . Finding breakfast outside was not easy as the hotel does sit on a street off the main drag and a little bit away from the better area of town however, it is do-able if you can walk a bit. The local transit is easily within two blocks so, if you can, park the car. However, that will mean an additional $15 per day and valet only as parking is limited. The only other comment was that the staff was found to be a little snooty and not very well informed. When asked for a family style restaurant such as &quot;Denny's&quot;, staff proceeded to tell us where the local Denny's was. &quot;OK, how about a restaurant like TGIF?&quot; We were then told where the TGIF was......I think they need a little bit more creative thinking at the front desk or a printed list for reference when questions are asked. We found that the stay in this hotel, as a whole, was ok. Certainly, we had stayed in much more cramped conditions and not as clean.	
Jul 25 2007 	Hotel bought out changed for the worse	I previously wrote a review of the Best Western Americania, and since then, have stayed at this hotel several more times with my family. Our last stay was in June and I have to revise my review based on the recent changes.The lady who was working explained that they were just bought out by another company. Usually, when this happens, the new management makes changes for the better, but in this case it is clear that their changes are cost saving measures.The significant changes:1. The complimentary hourly shuttle that used to run from the hotel to and from Union Square is no longer in service. (This was probably the best reason to stay...it was convenient to get to Union Square without paying the high price of staying at a hotel right in Union Square.)2. The advertised free internet wireless throughout the hotel doesn't work unless you sit right in the lobby across from the front desk.The positive aspect of this hotel is that the rooms are fairly spacious, clean and well kept. Although parking is $15/day, it is valet and very convenient. Other things to keep in mind: As other guests have noted, it is in a somewhat shady area of town. It's not dangerous during the daytime, but it's common to see the homeless walk by the hotel. Continental breakfast is available but not complimentary, and there are very limited dining options in the immediate area (the hotel restaurant is closed indefinitely for renovation). The walls are very thin and you can hear through the walls easily. (On our second to last stay, we were rudely awakened by the loud noises of a couple doing the nasty 3 different times at all hours of the night. We called the front desk to complain and they never did anything. This made the hotel seem even more trashy.) Hopefully, the new management will restore some of the perks such as the free shuttle to Union Square, but in the meantime, our family will be looking for another place to stay in SF.	
Jul 22 2007	not pleasant	Stayed here for 3 nights. One of the selling points for this hotel was that it offered free parking, therefore you can imagine my surprise when they tried to charge $15 a day, however, this fee was waived. Think we had the worst room in the hotel, as all you could hear was staff going past with trolleys all day and night. Rooms were okay, standard hotel room. The hotel is situated in a really bad area and we were frequently asked for money. Lot's of people sleeping rough in the area and so many people with mental health difficulties. Felt quite unsafe at times especially as we had children with us. Would avoid this hotel at all costs.	
Jun 23 2007 	Scary location comfortable hotel...	The hotel itself is a bright pink color, which should clue any passerby into the fact that this Best Western isn't exactly the lap of luxury (the décor is equally as weird and goofy inside). Overall, it was a comfortable stay. Our family had one large two-room unit for 3 nights and we found the room to be both clean and comfortable. The maids did a good job of bringing our room to tip-top shape each day. The employees behind the desk were fine, with the exception of one rude incident. Parking is done via valet and waiting for your car key can be a rather lengthy experience (even though your car is only several feet away from you). Obviously you must factor in the parking fee of $15 a day and any tips you might choose to give. No breakfast is included with the room fee. Windows to the rooms seemed to be a quarter of an inch thick and did NOT feel safe. The neighborhood is quite frightening with graffiti and possible prostitutes just on the other side of the hotel (DO NOT WALK THE AREA AT NIGHT). The hotel isn't too far from the San Fran sights, through it is tough to get back to the hotel thanks to its location among a bunch of one-way streets. There was a strange &quot;occupation fee&quot; of $20 each night (on top of tax) included in our final bill that we still don't understand. It was a decent stay with some uncomfortable issues.	
Jun 16 2007 	Bad hotel in bad area	Very disappointed with our stay in this hotel. Cannot believe this hotel is part of the Best Western chain.Price we paid was 150 dollars per night mid-week (breakfast was not even included for this price!).Security was non-existent - any one could walk in off the street. We kept our door locked at all times! The area was seedy.Inside of our bedroom was dirty and needed to be refurbished.Please stay somewhere else when you are in San Francisco.	
May 24 2007 	OK hotel pleasant stay.	We stayed in the Americania early May 2007 for 5 nights. The room was adequate with TV and coffee making facilities and a nice big bed. The bathroom was small but again adequate. There was also free internet which was handy. The breakfast was reasonable and the price OK. We couldn’t try the bar as it was closed for refurbishment. Although not in the best area of San Francisco this 'Motel style' hotel had and outdoor heated pool, sauna, and car parking included in the room rate with plenty of spaces which was definitely a plus point. The hotel provided a shuttle bus to and from Union Square but we braved the walk and it was fine although I wouldn’t fancy walking on my own. We used this hotel as a base for our sightseeing so we weren’t after an expensive luxury hotel just somewhere to stay the night which is what we got. For the price it was great and we would use this hotel again.	
May 9 2007 	Smashing Glass	My gut reaction to hearing windows being smashed is to have a peek down the hall, but as I reached to pull back the curtain I hear another concerned guest being instructed by a voice in the hallway &quot;get back in your room and shut the door&quot;. I decided now was not the time to let my curiosity get the better of me and left the curtqin drawn. It's 2am, so I called down to the front desk. Apparently they are already aware there has been a robbery and tell me &quot;it's all ok now, the cops are here&quot;. Great, I feel better already. The commotion dies down quickly and I call back down with a few questions. The desk informs me the incident was a &quot;drug thing&quot;, the perpetrator had climbed the building, broke into a room by smashing the floor to ceiling glass window (which all the rooms here have). And I thought the all-night party our first night here was hard to sleep through (when you don't smoke pot yourself, the smell can be a pungent annoyance). If you're coming through San Francisco, stay somewhere else!	
Apr 22 2007 	It's not great... but it is cheap. And clean quiet and safe.	Stayed here a year ago, as part of attending a conference. Was it an exceptional hotel? No, it was not. But it was a cheap hotel. And it was clean, quiet and safe. And for the price, what more should you ask for?It's in a seedy area, so walking late at night is a bit iffy. It's quite rundown looking, both inside and out. Internet is provided, as is free parking.I'll be in SF for another conference in a month, and I will be returning to this hotel - which tells you a bit about how I feel about this place.	
Apr 21 2007 	Overpriced neighbourhood with tramps/bums at night	Overpriced hotel situated in neighbourhood where bums/tramps come out at night.Hotel is old + tired. It needs to be redecorated. For example, our bed was broken it was so old. They did let us change rooms.Parking is no longer free. 9 percent service charge is now added to breakfast price.BW Carriage Inn + BW Flamingo Inn are across street. Same management.	
Apr 20 2007	Wonderful Suprise	I didn't know what to expect after reading all the previous reviews. I was very pleased with my stay. I have stayed at some 60 different hotels in San Francisco, The Best Western Americana is a very good hotel for the price and location.Day #1 I was solo, my room was very clean and quiet. The hotel staff was very helpfull. The next day I had a medical appointment, the hotel has facilties for storering luggage at no charge. Day #2 I was joined by my family. Our &quot;Family Room&quot; was just as nice. I was disappointed that breakfast was not included in the room price, however the breakfasts that were provided (continental @ $7.95 and Full @ $9.95) were excellent. I had conversations with with people from all over the world. I even met an aquaintance from Holland and had a fun day with them.Parking was FREE. a &quot;nice change&quot; from the, up to $40 per night at other SF Hotels.This is a 2star hotel, don't expect 4star service. If you want to be pampered in a 4star manor go to a 4star hotel. A great place for the price, considering SF prices.I found that the homeless in this are were few and respectful toward tourists. Yeah they're homeless, and being that way is a tough situation! If you're afraid of them you should stay at hotels near the airport or out of downtown, and take bart or Muni in each day to enjoy the city.	
Apr 7 2007 	No more free parking	Beware. Parking used to be free here (as previous comment authors noted.) NO MORE FREE PARKING. Staring Aperil 2007, parking is now $15/day. And they wouldn't even budge when I told them they advertised free parking as recently as last month when I made the reservation. &quot;Sorry, it's a new policy&quot;, said the manager. From $0 to $15 in one fell swoop??? No longer a great deal. I was planning on staying here again in August, but now will look elsewhere.	
Mar 20 2007	What a wonderful jewel!	This motel was a great surprise! I used to live in SF and, although I knew there had been a lot of recent upgrades to the neighborhood, I wasn't expecting much. Can't miss the motel - bold pink! The motel has a series of lovely courtyards, a pool, an exercise room, and (most important in SF) - FREE PARKING! The staff were very pleasant and made me feel safe and welcome. Parts of the neighborhood are still a bit raw but the location is fabulous. Two blocks to Market Street where you can board the city's great bus service or BART (Subway). You can walk to Union Square, Cable cars, Theatre District, High end shopping malls, Wholesale Design and and Flower Mart. These are all within a 10 minute easy walk. Chinatown, North Beach, MOMA, Ferry Building, Moscone Center are less then 20 minutes walk. I loved this place so much I kept the card for any other overnite plans to SF	
Mar 10 2007	A Great Time	This past week, March 3rd, 4 girlfriends and I spent 3 nights at the Best Western Americiana. I had never been to California, so this beind my first experience I was excited about the whole experience. I loved the hotel! It was small, which was nice. That way the people at the front desk knew the peole that were staying there and were able to keep out those that were not. Ian, front desk atttendant, was the BEST! On our last night of our stay, we came back from our night out to find our favorite drinks waiting for us. He even had a lime in my Corona for me, what a sweetie. He told us that it was people like us that made his job fun. The hotel itself was quite unique. It had open air areas that allowed you to sit outside, yet be in your hotel.. The only thing bad about that was if someone wanted to sit outside late at night, you would have to listen to their converstation all night, That happened to us. But a quick phone call to the front desk and the problem was taken care of. I would love to go back to California, and I wouldn't hesitate to stay at the Best Wester Americican again. Once again, Thanks Ian, you are the best!!!	
Mar 1 2007 	Great home base for touring!	We stayed here for four nights in a family suite (two couples and one 3-year-old). As you entered, a room with queen bed, small sofa bed w/tv, separated by a pocket door, bathroom area, then another pocket door and room with queen bed w/tv with an exterior door. Nice interior courtyard. Very comfortable beds, free parking both garage and outside parking lot (tight, but manageable), refrigerator, and coin operated laundry for guests, heated pool and restaurant. Nice interior courtyard. Awesome natural foods grocery/restaurant (...Urban...market) within a block or two. Neighborhood was ok. Staff was wonderful and helpful with directions and suggestions. We easily went all over San Francisco touring, as well as side trips to Sacramento, San Jose, and Monterey, returning to our room there. We didn't take advantage of the free shuttle to and from Union Square, from which you can go anywhere in the city, but thought it was a great perk. Our son lives a short distance away. Highly recommend this hotel and we will return.	
Feb 21 2007 	Good Value - Seedy Area	This hotel is good value and offers enough for the traveller. Downside is that you are near to where all the homeless people &quot;hang out&quot; and it can be a little intimidating although no-one bothered us during the week we stayed here. The good side is that you can walk almost everywhere in San Fran so it is only say a brisk 15 minute walk to Union Square/China Town and a little further to Fishermans Wharf.	
Jan 22 2007 	Stay here often; always a pleasant experience	I stay at the Americania several times a year when I'm in SF on business. The free parking, the free shuttle, and the great staff make it a great experience. I like the rooms and open courtyards, as well as the international clientele. Occasionally I have received a room with an older bed, but a quick call to the front desk got me a better room right away. As a woman, the neighborhood is a little frightening to me at night, but there are a couple of convenience stores and good Asian restaurants less than a block away, and I've never had any problems.	
Dec 14 2006 	Great hotel if you use the shuttle	We found this hotel great. It has a very quirky design - which was nice. We were not intially impressed with the area as it is run down, we did not really go out much by night.The shuttle service is fab - every 15 minutes I think. Without this the hotel would be quite far out, but the shuttle is free, clean and very prompt. There is a roof top swimming pool which was a very nice feature and surprisingly quiet. The restaurant was very nice - decent price for very nice food. The staff were very helpful too.All in all we had a fab stay at this hotel and I would recommend it. If you want all the action and don't mind paying a bit extra then stay on Fishermans Wharf , but the Best Western was very pleasant for the money.	
Nov 8 2006 	OK once we changed rooms	The first room we had was on the end of the building, right on the street and close to the elevator. Not a good combination! The street noise was terrible and the elevator trafffic was also very loud. Once we changed rooms to a different location, the stay got much better. The rooms were a nice size and I liked the courtyard type setup. While the hotel itself felt safe, not a good idea to walk to the cable car lines. To get there you have to walk down one of the worst streets I have walked.The shuttle bus is definately worth the wait.Overall I thought the value was pretty good, and would stay there again.	
Oct 31 2006 	Dont Worry Its Fine	The room was clean and well equipted. I read reviews about the area, just wanted to elaborate. This location is very close to bart and street cars, buses and taxis. the area is sort of scary....but i sort of liked it. never felt fear even very late at night. the staff was great,the parking was free... use the pool...use the free shuttle to union square... observe a unique blend of americana... would stay again	
Oct 27 2006 	Very tiny room	I orginally booked another hotel through Expedia, but a week before departure, Expedia called and told me that they could not place me into the hotel I booked but instead offered Best Western Americania as an alternative. As I'm coming to SF for a convention and all other hotels are booked, I had no choice but to accept. Upon arrival, I was checked into one of the smallest room on the premises. Although the room was clean, the bed was old and sagging. The neighborhood is also not the best. On the walk to the Moscone center, there is one block where there are many homeless sleeping on the street; people walking around asking for money; although I was not met with any instances, it was all together not a comforting experience. I would not recommend this hotel to business travelers who are planning on walking to the Moscone Center. I think this hotel is really a 2 stars, at most 2 1/2 stars hotel.	
Oct 13 2006 	Good location and value	I have stayed at the Americania twice on business trips, and it's perfect when you need a reasonably priced hotel near downtown San Francisco. The free parking makes it an extra good value. (I went to a meeting the next day at the Omni in San Francisco, where parking alone would have cost 1/3 the price of my room at the Americania.) It's a very handy location for coming from SFO airport (just take 280 to 6th St and you're there). The neighborhood is a bit run down, but not dangerously or disturbingly so. The staff is friendly. The outdoor courtyards and open-air halls connecting the rooms are odd but fine. My rooms have been clean with comfortable beds. I did find a worker rebuilding the shower in the first room I was given, but the staff apologized and gave me an an upgraded room to make up for the inconvenience. I'm sure I'll stay here again.	
Aug 16 2006 	very convenient and a great value	We just spent 2 nights at the hotel and were extremely happy with it. Although the location is a little away from the beaten track- the shuttle into Union Sqaure was great. One morning we walked 2 blocks to Market street and could take any of a number of buses and streetcars to anywhere. The staff was extremely helpful and efficient. The free valet parking and free interent were real pluses for us. Because there is no air conditioning- it can be a little noisy when the windows are open. The rooms were immaculate and very nicely decorated. I would definitely come back here the next time I am in San Francisco. I consider this one of the bet values in the city.	
Aug 4 2006	This hotel is designed to hear every guest's noise!	We just returned from a trip to our favorite city, San Francisco. In choosing a hotel, I required it to be within walking distance to the warf, have free parking, a weight room and a pool. This hotel had all of those things, and the pictures posted on the web site were true to reality. What we could not tell from photos is what kept us from sleeping every night!! The hotel is designed to have an interior courtyard, so that every room faces outside into this open space. In summer when (with no air conditioning) all windows are open, everyone coming home from bars or arriving from a late flight was approximately 2 inches from the bed beside the window. It happened to be freakishly hot during our stay, but the air temp. cooled at night to ~70. The way the building was framed, there was no airflow into the room unless we had the door wide open, which many guests did during their stay that week. This brought up the level of noise too. We will never stay at this hotel again, but will return to the city as much as we can!	
Jul 16 2006	Great hotel scary neighbourhood	When we drove to our hoel we were a little bit worried by all the homeless people that were on the streets but once we got to our hotel it was fine. There was free parking!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The elevator had a key lock so you had to be a guest to get in the building. The front desk staff were very helpful! The rooms were clean and big. I only wish there was a fridge and microwave. There was defintely the space for it! I will stay here again the next time I come to San Francisco the shuttle to and from Union Square was wonderful!!!!!!!!!!	
Jun 23 2006 	Decent enough	My husband and I with our two kids under 3 years old stayed one night there while in town for a convention at the Moscone Center. I was a bit leary after reading some of the reviews, and almost canceled reservation. Then when we got there I felt a lot better. They had Valet Parking which was nice, and a pleasant and helpful staff. The Pizza place had very good pizza and delivered to the room. Also, the restaurant had great food which you could get to go. The family room which we had was on the second floor and was clean. Room was great for our two year old, she had plenty of room to move around. Although no microwave it had a fridge. It has a nice open courtyard which you can sit out in and get some fresh air. Although the neighborhood is not the greatest at night, your in S.F what can you expect. During the day it did not seem bad. All around I would stay there again.	
Jun 13 2006	Just awful	The hotel was placed in the worst possible area of Sanfrancisco. Homeless people and gangs everywhere, I felt quite threatened.The room had no hot water. We complained about it several times but unfortunately was never fixed.it was incredibly noisy. People were coming into the hotel at 3am after partying. We reported this to the front desk, and they didn't care about it.I had no sleep, no shower. We were paid for three nights, but left after the second, exhausted and desperate for a shower. Would never stay there again and certainly would not recommend the hotel.	
May 18 2006	Disappointing Best Western	Having stayed at a lovely BW in Niagara a couple of years ago, we felt we could trust any of the hotels in this chain, and so had no worries about booking the Americania. However, we were more than disappointed when we arrived. Although we arrived late in the hours of darkness, we sensed that its location was not ideal (on a rough-looking side street off one of the major thoroughfares of the city). Seeing it in daylight didn't improve our judgement. The reception area was nice enough, the staff pleasant, the restaurant small but not bad. It was finding our way to the room which mostly horrified us. We had not stayed in a motel-style accommodation before so it was a shock to find that we were in the open air when tracking it down. We'd been used to going down hallways with a carpet and ceilings! The room was small but usable, but nothing like we had expected to find. I wouldn't stay here again, with the factors of the street location and the open air access to the rooms being most offputting.If you're used to motels, you may not find it at all bad but we didn't like it. Maybe the other 2 BW's across the street were better.	
Apr 29 2006	Great value hotel - odd location	The Best Western Americania is a well-maintained hotel near the major tourist attractions in San Francisco. Decent, clean rooms. Well-informed and really helpful staff. Free parking (not very common in SF!!) in the hotel garage! Small but nice heated pool on the second floor.As for the location - I must say it I didn't bother, but my girlfriend didn't feel all too secure as there were many drug addicts &amp; beggars in the area (esp. on and around Market St.). I guess that comes with the free and open-minded spirit of San Francisco (poor pals!!).My personal bottom line: Recommended hotel!	
Mar 29 2006	Great Location Great Shuttle Great City!	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Best Western Americania for four nights in the middle of January 2006. The room was excellent. The free internet was a bonus as well.The location was great with only a short walk to Union Square from the hotel (5-10 mins). But the shuttle ran you in there anyways, so the walk wasn't overly necessary.The amount of homeless is not that bad. They do not worry you at all and if you ignore them, there is no problem.The only downside was the rudeness of the staff in the restaurant. Whilst a few of them were helpful, the manager was not helpful and was quite blunt at times.Would wholeheartedly recommend the hotel to anyone going to San Fran. (Just skip the restaurant).	
Mar 18 2006	Not worth any budget	We stayed at this hotel with our 4 boys for a week last summer. The parking is aweful. If you don't mind keeping your shoes on the whole time then this hotel is for you. It is very dirty and is in a very bad part of town.	
Feb 21 2006	Great value Americana!	This is a very good hotel and excellent value for money. We were worried by the reviews about the area (we are parents with 2 children under 4), but in fact I went out several times after dark and felt safer than most capital cities I have visited. Staff were great and the rooms were of a high standard. Being out of the city is no problem as the shttle bus each hour is magic, right to union square.Soma pizza is good value accross the road, and provided a highlight of the holiday in a middle aged, beared man who rode up on a push bike and orded a slice of pizza - top to toe in a lovely (if a bit mucky) wedding dress.Also, try Tony Baloneys for lunch on the corner - great sandwiches.A great stay in a good value hotel. Will stay there again!	
Jan 22 2006	Dirty Best Western Americana!	So...at first I thought this was a slightly shabby, but decent hotel.Then my father jumped out of his bed to kill a bug that had crawled across the pages of his book. After further investigation we found red bedbugs in both of the queen beds in the suite! But that wasn't it, after that I went to grab my clothes off the dresser only to watch as a roach scurried along the corner of the dresser to hide under my clothes! Truly a nightmare...and the manager pretended to call another hotel for us (also a Best Western in Santa Rosa). However, when we arrived there, the woman manning the desk said she hadn't received any phone calls to say that we were on our way.	
Jan 19 2006	It's a good value motel	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights during last year X-mas week. It's really a motel as structure, layout and comfort level, but there's nothing to complain about. We took a family room that was spacious and clean. The decor was horribly tasteless but what do you expect in a motel and does this matter so much. The rooms are situated on an exterior corridor, though there was not much noise and disturbance. The staff is helpful, the rate excellent. The clientele was mostly caucasian with many Europeans.There are 3 big things that make this place recommendable: free parking (a rarity in CA),free wireless internet and the motel shuttle to downtown.Although the motel is at a 10-min walking distance, you must be advised that ANY place except Union square in San Francisco feels unsafe for a night walk. The square is laced by numbers of homeless riff raff punks, who cluster at dusk for their rowdy drinking and may become agressive and gang-like. They outnumber the patrolling policemen almost 20:1 and it's a pity and a shame to see the majestic Frenchy-looking civic center surrounded since 8pm by a crowd that seems ready to storm the Bastille. This city badly needs its Giuliani, but that's another story. The point is that the h(m)otel shuttle can save you from all that and from driving under 2-3 beers or glasses of wine, and is free(complimentary in motel's lingo).Other than that there's nothing to do in the area (San Francisco is overrated anyway)and you may be stuck with the motel's so-so restaurant, enjoying their free HBO and ah! the free wireless internet!	
Jan 10 2006	Good hotel.....	Nice, clean room. I choose this place for the free parking. I would stay again if I got a good deal. Far away from the action so I would only stay here if you had a car. Got an upgrade one stay and had a very nice room but don't know if that would happen at a busy time. Front desk staff was nice. Not much food in the area.	
Dec 10 2005	Look elsewhere	There are two major problems with this hotel. the first is location - its in a pretty ugly part of town with not much around by way of choice of resturants. It is somewhat saved in this respect by the very convenient shuttle bus to Union Square. However, next time I will choose to stay closer to Union Square. The second problem - the noise factor. The hotel is built in several levels around a few narrow courtyards, and the front of the room has large windows, one of which consists of glass louvres which cannot be closed completely. Apart from the security aspect (and while I was in reception heard one guest complaining about missing CD's and the receptionist commenting on the ease of entry to the room through the louvres), this also results in the inability to shut out the noise caused by the acoustic problem of the design. The walls between rooms are also very thin. The layout of the room was good and the bathroom nicely positioned, but would not stay here again.	
Nov 20 2005	Bad hotel and alot of money dont mix.	I mean it was ok for a budget hotel but everything was attracted to money. The breakfast was like 12 buck a person for awful food. The rooms were ok. They were a little nicer than your average hotel. They had textures wall and paintings. the hotel seemed to be a confusing layout though. The pool had a good view and it was warm. I was more of a motel then a hotel witch i didnt like because you had to go outside to get to the lobby. I would not recomend this hotel event to budget travlers becouse of one reson. The loacation a at its worst. I soon found out it was located in the worst possible place in sanfransico. There alot a gangs on the street as well as homeless people. You felt like you were locked in the hotel because of all the gates and security. You felt also like if you were to leave the hotel and go out on the sidewalk you were going to get mugged. It is not a good feeling. The hotel is not at all comforting. There is nothing in the area either meaning you are stuck in the hotel at night. It is not one to stay at.	
Nov 2 2005 	Great price clean Don't bring your kids	We stayed there in late Sept and early October. The price was amazing for San Francisco and there was free parking, too. The hotel itself seemed old but clean and the staff was very helpful. The shuttle ran regularly, and the train stop is really close. The neighborhood was not great, but we are not from a large city and, even for us, it wasn't a bit scary during the day and we felt OK walking the short block to the train station at night in a group of 4. The food was good in the restaurant downstairs, and the free internet worked fine (Bring Cat-5 cable if you want the internet no matter which room you are assigned to; we couldn't get wifi on the 3rd floor and had to hook up.)This hotel was perfectly fine for us...2 couples without the kids spending very little time at the hotel. Most of the problems were nothing the hotel staff had a lot of control over, but there was some interesting stuff going on. The pool appeared very neat and clean, and the 1st night we were there I saw 3 men in it doing things I wouldn't want to have to explain to a child. The same night I saw 2 men entering the sauna, and the were naked BEFORE they went in. I also found clothes and a crack pipe on the treadmill in the workout room. None of the exercise equipment worked, either, but I didn't complain because I wasn't going back in there anyway incase the owner of the crack pipe returned. We did report the crack pipe and they sent a maintenance man to get it. I don't see how the hotel could have prevented the other stuff.Finally, it is an old hotel with a central courtyard and sound really travels in there. It only takes one drunk nut screaming at 2 am to wake up everyone in the place.I know it sounds bad, but I would stay here again. I felt safe in my room and in the elevators, the location is really great if you don't mind using public transportation, and the price is unbelievable for SF.	
Oct 21 2005	Liked this one	I stayed for 3 nights Oct. 2nd-5th. After reading the reviews here I expected a much worse neighborhood. OK, I would be careful at night, but we had no problems walking around the area at daylight.The hotel is OK. Nice rooms. They didn't get the internet working in my first room so I got an upgrade to a business room the next day. We didn't have any meals in the hotel, so I can't comment on this one. Pool is very nice, clean and warm. Parking is free as is the shuttle to Union Square, which we used frequently. Friendly drivers, somewhat ragged busses.If I return next time, I'll give it another try.	
Oct 7 2005	not scared by homeless riff raff	stayed there several times with wife and buddies other times. rooms are clean and anchor steam is cheap during happy hour. not the best area of town soma. why would you be walking around there any how at night? several nice places over on folsom, roccos, basil to name a few. been panhandled more in san jose going to and from sharks games.	
Aug 30 2005	OK room bad neighborhood	I agree it's definitely not the nicest neighborhood...the train station is a bit skanky, with homeless people hanging around. I'm originally from New York, so I'm used to seeing that and it didn't bother me as much as it might bother someone from a smaller city. The room itself was OK, on the small side but decently furnished and clean. The front desk staff was very nice and helpful.	
Aug 12 2005	Nice room warm pool	We had the family suite. Lots of room, comfortable, clean. Very warm pool which is great even if the weather is cold. Not the best neighborhood, but the hotel felt secure. Easy access to most parts of the city. The restaurant had very good food, but limited breakfast menu.	
Jul 28 2005	Safe clean and FREE PARKING!!!!	There was nothing elaborate about the hotel.(We saved that for the wine country) We needed a safe, clean place to rest at night which didn't charge our car for resting too. The Best Western Americana did the trick. During the day we were sightseeing and didn't spend time at the hotel. The staff was above average in friendliness and helpfulness. The hotel provided a shuttle to Union Square which was timely and never crowded. I must admit that at first I was a little concerned about the area, but felt very safe. I would stay there again if I needed a place for the car and if my intent was to sightsee all day. Tip: Walk/ bike across the Golden Gate Bridge. I was more adventureous and continued walking into Sausilito, then took the ferry back to Fisherman's Wharf.	
Jul 18 2005	Not the best area of town to stay in!!!	We stayed here for 3 nights June 18-21st and we were a little worried about the location. Not be best area of town alot of homeless people around...This was our first time to San Francisco and we had a hard time locating the hotel. We booked this hotel mainly for the free parking but with a truck it is a tight squeeze in the underground parking. There is a good pizza place across the street but it was a little greasy!!! The rooms were very clean and there was not to much noise. There is a nice courtyard with a fountain and chairs to sit out in during your down time.If you are looking for a budget hotel with free parking this hotel would be fine. Next time we are going to pay the extra for the parking and stay closer to wharf.	
Jul 6 2005	Ok for the money	The hotel is pretty clean and the staff very friendly. The free parking is a plus,though it's pretty tight with a large car or SUV.It's not in the best area, a few blocks north is the tenderloin district which has lots of homeless and can be a bit pesky asking for money. Use the free shuttle to Union Square to avoid them. Shuttle runs at least every hour from early AM to around 11:00pm.Overall I have mixed feelings about this place. If you are on a budget, it's OK.If you got money to burn I would look elsewhere	
Jun 19 2005	Great hotel...don't listen to the bad reviews...	This review is a bit overdue...but an excellent hotel, exceptional staff, nice room, also included is a private sauna room to use (you check out the keycard...nice and private). I'm not sure why folks are giving this property negative reviews...have stayed their twice and we just love this property! Highly recommended. Thanks for reading.	
Apr 26 2005	Not up to expectations...	We booked our stay at the Americana in San Fran online... Judging the hotel by the descriptions and pictures we saw, we figured that it looked/sounded like a nice place to spend the night... We're we ever disapointed when we showed up... First of all, I would never accuse this place of even being a HOTEL... It was more of a motor inn... It looked like it was falling apart and everything seemed dirty... In fact, there was a pile of garbage and dirt in front of our room's door... The rooms themselves didn't seem dirty, but they definately aren't $150 rooms... Even for San Francisco... Plus, the area of town the &quot;hotel&quot; is in is a little bit sketchy... We didn't feel entirely safe and especially worried about our vehicle and it's contents... Plus, there's hardly any parking, so they expect some of the guests to block in other cars, then leave their keys at the front so that staff can move them when needed... No thanks. Despite the disapointment of our overall experience, I will say that the linens and bathrooms seemed clean and we did have a good sleep. Don't trust the pictures on the website though... It's no where near as nice.	
Mar 22 2005	Loved S. F.	Clean, well maintained older hotel. Excellent staff and shuttle serviceto union square and city wide transportation. Good restaurant and free parking. Stayed 3 nights week of 3-14-05. Would stay again !Mike from Michigan.	
Jan 28 2005	Cute Hotel - Terrible Area	This hotel was really quite nice. Built around the internal courtyards it had a nice personal feel about it. The staff were great. The sports bar was pretty cool and the free internet lounge was good as well. The rooms were a good size and of a reasonable standard. Now the bad part. The area is appalling. It is a few blocks away from The Tenderloin which is a really bad area in San Francisco and while the hotel is not in the area itself alot of the unsavoury elements spill into the surrounding areas. I definitely felt unsafe at night and would not recommend walking the streets after dark. There are many homeless people and we were accosted nearly everytime we went outside the hotel. On the first night we asked at the front desk if there was somewhere we could go for a quick bite, fast food. We were directed 2 blocks up to market street where there was a hamburger joint. We had homeless people coming into the restaurant and begging at our table. There was a large crowd of people at the front of the restaurant and I stupidly asked the person at the service counter why they were all hanging about and she went red and looked embarrassed and explained that they were 'selling something' (I'm sure you can figure that out for yourself) As I said nice hotel, terrible area. Not a good one for families i would suggest. One good thing though if you do stay here go to SOMA pizza across the road. Great Pizza!	
Dec 3 2004	Excellent value for money	A very comfortable and safe place to stay. The security at this hotel is excellent as is the staff. Nothing is too much trouble. The hotel was very deceiving and was larger than first impressions give. What we liked the best was the free courtesy bus running every hour during off peak times and every half hour during peak times from the hotel to Union Square and return. This hotel also offers free internet access so you can spend your evenings doing some homework for your next days activities and keeping in touch with loved ones. Would definately recommend and return if we were ever in the area again.	
Nov 14 2004	"Alright but not the Best"	Found this Hotel to be what the rating is. The rooms were clean, but the beds were doubles and not very comfortable. Even though the climate at the time was summer, San Francisco was about 20oC when we were there, but the rooms were very hot and they had no cooler, so found it hot to sleep at night. The Peppercorn Resturant was not that great, so go out and eat and not at the pizza place across the road.Only recommend this if you are on a budget.	
Oct 22 2004	Great for what we wanted	We stayed here for 5 nights in September. It is on the edge of an area you don't want to walk round in but the shuttle bus is great (thanks to Mac the driver) and taxis are cheap. The rooms are comfortable and clean, we ate in Peppers in the hotel twice and both nights it was very good.We were on our way out one night at about 8:30 and our door refused to lock! We had a dinner reservation and didn't think we'd make it as we couldn't leave the room, but someone came and fixed it really quickly and we weren't even late in the end. So we were impressed with the service.Tony's Baloney round the corner is handy and great for breakfast. I would stay at the hotel again, as lots of nice parts of San Francisco are near not quite so nice parts unless you pay top dollar.	
Oct 7 2004	Basic value	Booked the family suite in August for 3 nights. Be aware that the two beds are doubles (not queens!) and the sofa bed is only for small, light weight children. Bathroom is very small and the sink/counter is part of the room. The location is not the best in town, you are pretty far from most tourist attractions. All said it was not terrible but there are plenty of other hotels in the City that are far better. If you are a family with small children on a budget, this might be okay.	
Oct 4 2004	Stole my Cell Phone	We stayed there for 2 nights. So called Family Room is so tiny. As a matter of fact, it is the same size as any other room. Bathtub doesnt drain and nasty. Carpets arent clean either. Other than eye-sore flaming pink painted all over the building, this Best Western Americania has nothing special about it. On top of that, they employ theives to do the house cleaning. I left my cell phone in the room and nobody could find it. Managers said they tear the room down and still couldnt find my phone. God only knows if they bother to do that. I hate to accuse someone for something they arent resposible. But not in this case. I will never stay in this Best Western again. Best Western Americania employ the staff who are dishonest and take no pride in their job. Dont stay there. Period.	
Sep 23 2004	Great Stay	Stayed here for 5 nights in September and found the hotel lovely.. We had big room which was clean and had good air conditioning. Free Shuttle bus was great to city Centre even though its only about a 10 minute walk ( not great area to be walking through late at night) Would definately recommend this hotel	
Sep 17 2004	comfortable...	Stayed a few nights after vacationing in Napa Valley...clean, comfortable, and the staff is friendly.I found the location pretty convenient, with the free shuttle service and bus lines.	
Aug 10 2004	Enjoyable stay!!	I stayed at the Americania during my recent visit to San Francisco. The free parking was great. The rooms were very clean and comfortable. Their front desk staff was helpful and friendly. I would gladly recommend the Americania to anyone who would ask for a good hotel value in San Francisco.	
Aug 3 2004	Good value - pleasant stay	This was a one night stay before heading north to Sonoma and Napa Valley. Our double room comfortably fit four of us, it was convenient and economically priced and had free parking which is a plus in SFO. Rooms were clean as well as common areas, staff friendly and helpful--- although when we returned around 3 A.M. the front desk clerk was asleep. We walked around the area, infact were out quite late and encountered no problems. There is a lack of good restaurants close by so we had to settle for a little 24 hour burger joint for a late supper. The restaurant in the hotel only serves a buffet or continental breakfast which is below par and way over priced so would recommend avoiding it.	
Jul 7 2004	Value for Money - Would Stay Again	Stayed at the BW Americania for 4 nights at the end of June. We booked a 1 bed room suite, which had 3 double beds in total, for a very reasonable price of $135 + tax per night. We booked directly through the hotel (who will match offers you have seen on the internet but you do not have to pay in advance and can cancel up to 24 hours in advance - which is useful). We had a very positive experience of the hotel and would stay there again, especially for the price. So here's the head's up on the hotel. First the positives, Free parking (plenty of spaces and even when the lot is full the valet will find you a spot for no charge), free local calls, very helpful staff, free shuttle service to Union Sq, short walk to union square if you don't won't to wait for the bus (15 mins, although not recommended at night or if alone). Now the negatives: The area is not the best but is not an issue with the shuttle service and if you have a car. We walked to Union sq some mornings, so it was fine but would not want to do this at night. Rooms feel old (not that bad) and could do with a face lift however beds are comfortable and sheets/towels were clean. Bedrooms which face the street can be quite noisy in the mornings. Also the sink is not separated with a door from the rest of the suite which means you can wake the other people if you get up or sleep at different times. But these negatives are not a major issue and all in all, I think this is a good place to stay in SF.	
Jun 12 2004	Decent hotel bad neighboorhood	Stayed four nights at Americania. The hotel is located in SoMa which is a bad neighboorhood in SF with lots of homeless people. Not much safety feeling after sunset. The first room I got was clean but very very smal and the window can be opened for only 4 inches. The hotel doesn't have ANY air conditioning, only ceiling fans. I asked another room and after I was required to pay more money (I refused) I got another room which was in the atrium and it was very large and spacious. Nice bathroom. In room Cofee and hairdryer. The layout of the hotel is quite strange and the elevators are quite far. The breakfast (not included) was somehow limited and expensive. You cannot just take a sandwich and cofee. You have to take a very greasy food buffet at $12.75 !! Got a decent and cheaper breakfast at a small bistro 100ft from the hotel.The rate (not so cheap) includes free parking which is a good thing as parking in SF is a very expensive thing. Anyway, there is not enough space for all the guests cars. If you you are cheching out very early, do to yourself a good thing and tell this to reception. Otherways, if you have to leave at 5.30am, it will take 30-40 minutes to move all the cars left everywhere which blocked parking access. The hotel has 2 PCs for Internet which are busy all the time.The staff was very friendly but I stayed in line few times for more than 10 minutes as they have to answer and pass the phone calls, arrange trips order and give bell-boy services etc. It's a decent hotel, in a bad neighboorhood with no Air Conditioning in the summer.	
Jun 1 2004	Helpful staff but below par rooms and layout		
Feb 29 2004	Luggage stolen from my room!		
Jan 27 2004	Great service at the Americania		
Nov 13 2003	wonderful place!		
Nov 12 2003	Beds were not good		
Sep 8 2003	Big Surprise - Overall Good Value and Stay		
Aug 23 2003	Good value for money		
Aug 20 2003	nice hotel		
Jun 9 2003	Lots of Pink !!!		
Jan 11 2003	a nice stay		
Nov 6 2009	design di alto livello		
Oct 15 2009 	Atencion robo en este hotel		
Sep 15 2009 	Vale il prezzo pagato.		
Sep 2 2009 	agréable services impécables hotel à recommander		
Aug 23 2009 	Super déco		
Jul 23 2009 	bel hotel mais où il vaut mieux diner le soir		
Jul 14 2009 	Tolles Hotel in mittelmäßiger Gegend		
Jul 12 2009 	Nettes Hotel im Motel-Stil		
Apr 12 2009 	Hôtel très agréable!		
Sep 5 2008	Prima Lage für eine Trip durch San Francisco		
Jul 29 2008 	peu agréable		
Jul 24 2008 	Neu renoviertes Hotel		
Jun 18 2008	Sehr überrascht über die Modernisierung		
Oct 14 2007 	Gutes Stadthotel		
Aug 29 2007 	Hotel correct		
Jul 13 2007 	durchaus ok aber gibt evtl doch was Besseres		
Feb 20 2007	Très belles prestations		
Jun 27 2006	Sympathique hôtel		
Feb 17 2006	Einfach nur Gut!!!!!		
