Oct 24 2009 	This place is a decent budget hotel...these other reviews are comical	After reading some of these reviews I was expecting the worst. Instead I got what I would have expected if I hadn't read other people's comments. I stayed on the third floor in main building. Room was clean and somewhat recently remodeled (budget hotel style). Bathroom was clean. There were towels and a heat lamp. Alarm clock worked. Free WiFi. Got 5 or 6 TV channels HBO, CNN, CBS or something. Double bed had 4 pillows. Dandruff between wall and mattress with no bedbug feces was a good sign that the room had been bedbug free for a long time (or the previous occupant was molting). Didn't see bugs of any kind. The hair dryer from 1987 still worked. They've been wallpapering around it for some time. Could hear loud conversation of drunk kids in adjacent room, then they wrestled around and left. Travel with a sound machine for things like this. The location is decent a couple of blocks to Market St, BART and MUNI. Immediate area is mostly a mix of young professionals, homeless people and sketchy people. I made sure to request the main building to avoid some of the experiences of other travelers. Eat the breakfast at your own risk. There's a decent cafe on the corner.	
Oct 19 2009 	You get what you pay for...maybe less.	The one reason I chose this hotel was that it was conveniently situated and slightly cheaper than the others around it. What can I say, my wallet needed a bit of a break.Their site claims : &quot;Newly Renovated in 2008&quot;. I guess they didn't bother fixing the bathroom door which wouldn't close. The wallpaper showed sign of age. Other signs of damage in the bathroom (slight) was impossible to miss. The one thing that made me laugh was a visible imprint of an iron on the bed cover. I wonder how long it's been there, ha ha! (note: bed cover not burnt, just an unmistakable print of an iron).The television had only 5 working channels, so if you plan on trying to catch a few of your favorite programs before going to sleep, you may be unlucky. Bring your laptop, the internet is free with a decent connection. The area is rather gloomy later at night. For women visitors, it can feel slightly unnerving walking in the vicinity.There was noise from the construction nearby, but I don't hold it against them: there was a warning about it on their website, and I was planning to be away for most of the day. The noise level within the hotel itself was okay, but it did feel like every nearby noises would leak into the room. Be warned: if the neighbours are noisy, you WILL hear them.Final verdict: You may wish to pay slightly more and stay at other nearby hotels if you want a bit more out of your hotel stay. If you're only planning on staying there overnight and are not too picky, it will serve your basic needs. Personally, I'd price the room at 69$ or 79$ and I could call it a great deal.If you can overlook the little things that don't work here and there. You've been warned.	
Oct 3 2009 	STAY AWAY!!	I booked this Inn for my Daughter and grandaughter on line, using my Amex credit card. Also booked train travel at the same time.Train travel was outstanding. The stay at Knights Inn was a nightmare! After traveling all night on the train, they asked for early check in, but were rudely refused. There is a way of saying no, without being rude. Although they had a confirmation, the credit card was refused because The card was at home with me. When My daughter called from the lobby, I spoke with the clerk, but I could only make out every other word, since his english was so bad.I was told there was nothing he would do to help them.My daughter had still another of my credit cards with her. My name appeared on it but my daughter is an authorized user on the account. This card was also refused. I spoke again with the clerk asking him to just call the 800 number on the card and gain authorization from the company. This he also refused to do.I then spoke to the so called manager who was no help as well. Finally, I was able to leave my home and find a location where a fax could be recieved and sent. I copied my Oregon drivers licence and faxed that to the Inn., and then and only then were my family able to enter the room...I and none of my family nor any one that I will inform in the future will ever stay at this on any other Knights Inns...C.W.Hagert Astoria Oregon	
Sep 19 2009 	No really don't stay here.	I placed my reservation on the phone and was told I would get a suite with double beds, a pullout couch, microwave, and mini fridge. We arrived at this hotel about half an hour early. The girl at the front desk was friendly and checked us in. The whole building smells old and damp. When we got to the room (hotel is divided with more rooms across the street). The door was very hard to open and the room was extremely small. There was 2 beds but no pullout couch, microwave, or fridge. The tub’s faucet was leaking heavily and the “suite” didn’t have enough room for 4 people as promised by Ramc on the phone. We confronted the manager and he laughed that I would be promised a pullout couch when there is no such thing at this hotel. He also said I could upgrade to a suite for more money. I was so upset by this since that is what I had booked at a rate of $99 per night and now he wanted $50 extra without any of the other amenities promised other than a roll-away bed. I asked him to contact Ramc which quoted the price… he called him and spoke to him in their language laughing the whole time, which was even more unprofessional since we couldn’t understand him. Infuriated we cancelled our reservation and left to the Stanford Court Hotel – A clean, friendly, professional hotel. Overall, their cheap prices are not worth the smell, rudeness, or tiny space.	
Jun 29 2009	Never again!	This “hotel” definitely did not live up to its website and pictures. I took my mother there for a nice vacation. However, when we first arrived, we had to use the stairs since the elevator was out of order. Then when we tried to get into our room, we had to use all our weight to open the door because it would stick. Then once in our room, we found that our phone did not work. When I first went down to report it, one of the employees tried to fix our phone and when it didn’t work, he let me borrow his cell phone. We were told it would be fixed the next day. Of course it wasn’t and when I said something to the manager, I was told I probably didn’t know how to work it. He came up and tried to replace it, but the jack was dead. As for the room itself, the carpets and curtains were stained, the bedspread was torn and sewn back together in spots. We were supposed to have Free HBO and some other cable channels; however, we were told they hadn’t upgraded to digital yet, so we only got 2 channels – ESPN and CNN. In the bathroom we had one towel, which was ragged, the “deluxe” hairdryer was extremely old and would get too hot to hold. When we went to the desk to get more towels and a washcloth, they only had hand towels left. We did get 2 towels the next day, but one had stains on it and was falling apart. On the day we checked out, we needed to call our airport shuttle and we were told that we were not allowed to use their phone in the lobby since we had already checked out. Luckily another guest let us use his phone. I would not recommend this hotel.	
Jun 24 2009 	The Tower of Terror	I arrived off an early flight &amp; thought I might be able to check in early, upon meeting the desk clerk this was immediately dismissed with a very blunt &quot;check in is not until 3, we're still cleaning the rooms&quot; This is ok I can understand that, however staying 3 nights I soon discovered the place was not very busy as a lot of places are also running with empty rooms in the current climate. The room was just basically clean. The USA switched to Digital TV on Jun 12, as of that date there were only 2 TV channels, you can get a bit tired of CNN and the sports channel. The walls were paper thin, hearing the next door guests' amorous adventures was more than I was looking for. The evening Check in Clerk did not believe me when I told him the iron was faulty &amp; it was blowing the fuses when I plugged it it, he tried to tell me I didn't know how to use it, when he came to the room to inspect it, still not believing the iron was at fault, I demonstrated each power point, he then decided to get another iron. Next morning I went up the street &amp; asked The Good Hotel if they had a brochure, they said no but were happy for me to inspect the rooms, I did, that's where I will stay in future, they also had no problem letting their guests check in early.	
Jun 20 2009 	Honestly its not good	Im not really one to complain but this is THE WORST hotel we stayed in our whole trip! The bed smelt faintly of urine and our TV only picked up 2 channels and this was never fixed dispite calling the front desk a few times about it. But the worst thing is the location... its in this really scary area where there were so many weirdos harrasing you as you walked down the street. We really didnt wanna go out after dark. My advice is to stay near Union Square if you wanna be in the city. its cheap but not really worth it!	
Mar 15 2009 	Great Basic Hotel	This is a great basic hotel for a great price. The staff was friendly and accomodating. I arrived at noon and the clerk told me that they would have my room ready by 1:30pm, they suggested a place for lunch. As promised was in my room by 1:30pm. The room although basic was clean and comfortable. If you are looking for a luxury hotel this is not the place. But a great place for sleeping and relaxing after a day of sightseeing. I found the staff both accomodating and helpful.	
Mar 4 2009 	Maybe they're turning the corner....	Upon reading the negative reviews of this motel, I decided to call the front desk and ask about the parking. I was told there are 34 spaces for 68 rooms. 20 of those are on the first floor of the main building. The clerk said it fills up by 9 or 10 on a weekend night, and that the other nights of my stay (Thursday and Sunday) were not a problem at any time. This was important because parking here is free (versus $20 plus $4 tax at most other area hotels.) I then said there appeared to be several negative reviews of the place but took the edge off that by observing many were over a year old (new mgmt. in the meantime?) I brought up cleanliness and was told when I make the reservation on the Knight's Inn webpage, to type in the message space at the bottom that I wanted a &quot;VERY clean room.&quot; So I did. I also threw in a safe and secure room with a parking spot as well. This turned into a room in the 220s in the main building when I checked in. For my four nights the price averaged to $40. I have no idea whether I scored a room in the main building because I booked through the Knight's Inn web page as opposed to Expedia, etc., or that it was my e-mail message, etc. Anyways, after reading the reviews I was happy to be in the main building rather than the annex.  Upon my midnight arrival, the clerk was alert and on the job. He was actually standing out front where he was doubling as building security, watching the front of the annex &amp; main building at the same time, and presumably shoeing away riff-raff at the same time. This was surprising and good to see. I got the impression the guy understood his job. I got the room and no sooner got up there (avoiding the elevator as there was no chance I was going to get stuck in a motel's elevator with crappy reviews late at night), then I discovered the smoke alarm was beeping intermittently. That's usually a low battery to my knowledge, so I removed the battery and it still beeped. I took it downstairs to swap for a new battery thinking that's what it needed but the clerk didn't have a replacement. I told him about the beeping but he didn't understand. So we both went up and I showed him. He said he had never heard that before and suggested I take it down, only we discovered it was wired into the building. Then I pressed the button on it and it reset. So things were okay, until...Well, the rooms are small. Maybe half the size of most other motels, etc. Not space for more than two people who have intimacy on their minds, etc. But, the room I had appeared to have been remodeled in the last two years with nice tile on the bathroom floor and a beamed, natural wood ceiling. No stains on the carpet, bedspread, etc. A TV with remote (never used in the four days I was there because I was gone most of the time), working alarm clock (made the early morning flight out due to it's work), working heat unit, curtains that fully closed; everything seemed good. Unitl, I pulled back the bed covers to find the Knights' Inn signature 'hair in the bed'. One black hair about 6 inches long. Ugh. I removed said hair, checked for others (thankfully found none) and drifted off to sleep. The next morning I left a note on the bed asking for the bedding to be changed as I had found a hair on the sheets. It was and no further hair was found.The motel was quiet for my stay - no mastadons in the room next door, etc. The mattress was suprisingly comfortable - reminded me of what you get at a Hilton. No personal belongings disappeared from my room. No street people were wandering in the interior of the place. Except for the one hair, the place was clean, safe, secure, and my car was fine in their parking (just in case though I had spent the extra $45 for the &quot;you can bring it back in a box&quot; insurance upon rental; Market St., three blocks to the north, is the edge of the Tenderloin district and the homeless are known to urinate on vehicles among other things and I didn't know how this neighborhood would be. The car was fine.) The neighborhood where Knight's Inn is has some riff-raff passing through, but it's nothing like the Market St. area to the north (and that area is now almost angelic compared to 1.5 years ago when it was a bit of a circus after dark.) I was told by locals the city has opened up housing/shelters on Market now so many of those folks no longer hang out on the street til all hours. A welcome improvement and kudos to the city. Though now, 10:30am on a Saturday morning walking through there was worse than midnight 1.5 years ago, believe it or not. The Powell St. cable car (at Powell and Market) is a 10 minute walk from Knight's Inn. You can buy a Muni or City Pass there to get around the city for a low price and really enjoy the city without paying for parking and the hassle of finding it. So, how do I get four stars for this place? It gets the full two for being in the two star category as it does that fine for the price. The location, downtown San Fran for $40 a night and free parking, gets it the third star. Finally, the fourth star was for the recently remodeled room and attentive staff (the night clerk could've hid in the office and watched TV but rather was out front watching both properties.) The maid changed the bedding upon request and I found no other errors in her work. Plus, she didn't knock on the door for &quot;housekeeping&quot; prior to 10:30am after learning I was not an early riser. Why not five stars? Well, stop putting that 'signature' hair in the bed! And if you're wondering about the length of this review, I felt I needed to do the place some justice after sending the link for the reviews to friends and joking about updating my will. Also, free continental breakfast from 6 to 9am. I'll keep this place in mind for the future, but I'd still call the front desk after reading future reviews just to make sure things haven't gone downhill again. Hope this has been of use. Moscone Convention Center is four LONG blocks to the east (ten minute walk.) And I-80/hwy 101 (well it was one of those two) exits right onto 7th, which is what Knights' Inn is on. I think the entrance is nearby at 9th.	
Sep 29 2008 	Bad Experience	We arrived at the hotel at the hotel at 2pm, the front desk did not let us check in due to the room is not ready until 3pm. We waited at the lobby along with 5 other guests until 3pm. Once checked in we were placed to a room across the street on the top floor with no elevator. The TV in the room is facing the vanity instead of the bed, the TV remote dosen't work, neither did the voicemail system, iron and ironing board. The curtain has stains on them and so did the bed spread. We finally argued our ways to switch the room to the side where the front desk is. We will definitely never stay at Ramanda again.	
Jul 9 2008 	Small rooms Great location	I had a one night reservation for a queen bed room in late June at this property. After reading some of the horror stories on this site, I was pleased when I found that my room was located in the main building, and not in the &quot;annex&quot; across the street. Maybe those rooms are earmarked for people reserving via travel bidding sites? The main portion of the hotel is typical of many &quot;roadside inn&quot; type hotel/motels in the city. Narrow side to the street, but going back deep. Parking is available right by the office, in a sort of open-air courtyard surrounded by the rooms. Check-in was a breeze, the desk employee even called up to my room 15-20 minutes after I left to make sure everything was ok and I didn't need anything.My room number was in the 200's, but you had to push #3 on the elevator to get there. Little quirky, but no harm done. There's also a fourth floor that was closed off. Perhaps renovations are underway? The room was small, but clean. The cabinets, desk and drawers looked newer, but the bathroom fixtures had obviously been around for a while. No problems with hair in the bed, or insects. I didn't get a chance to try the breakfast, but the internet was quick and easy. It's free, but you have to get the access code from the front desk first.The hotel is two and a half blocks from the Civic Center Muni/BART station. There were a fair number of homeless around, but not one so much as asked me what time it was. I used the hotel as a base between the airport and AT&amp;T Park and it worked out great. I would stay here again without any reservations.	
Apr 7 2008 	Ghetto trashy dishonest Hotel	STAY AWAY. Our car got all four tires slashed while it was parked in their garage. The staff was extremely unhelpful when we tried to get the car towed. They could have cared less about our dilemma. We also had problems with our reservations. We booked 2 rooms with two double beds. Instead of receiving this, we got 1 double bed and 1 single bed. We made our reservations with the price of $99 a night. When we checked out they charged us an extra $50 a room because they had to &quot;upgrade us&quot; because they messed up on reservations. They did not inform us of this &quot;upgrade charge&quot; until check out. And even if they made a mistake, we should not be held responsible for it. Everything about this hotel from the staff, to the management, to the location, to the conditions of the rooms was horrible. We weren't looking for a high class joint, just a decent place with a decent rate for one night. This place couldn't even deliver that. I can't get over how rude and dishonest the staff was.	
Feb 6 2008 	Ask for the 'pubic Hair' in the bed special!	This was, by far, the worst hotel stay of my life! We had to booke it since SF was booked up due to Oracle, Openworld and thought, &quot;Hey it's a Ramada (name brand), it should be fine.&quot; NOOOOO!! We were given the annex across the street and walked in to see a filthy room with dust and crud in back of the bed, bathrooms that leaked and had rusted pipes, carpet that was stained and moldy and the best.. pubic hair in the bed!After a long day at the conference, I pulled back the sheets to find multiple pubic hairs in-between the sheets! I called the front desk and after one hour of called, finally answered and said they would bring a change of sheets. They never came. We then called again and the night person came on and said he never heard anything about our problem. He came over shortly with new sheets and I showed him the hair. I then started to help him make the bed, only to find the new sheets had holes, cigarette burns and spots on them. He apologized and came back with new sheets. I was so sick that I tried to find another hotel room in the city but no luck. We were forced to stay in that room, listening to the shower drip all night. We never slept. The next day, I complained to the front desk and the woman in back of me overheard and said she had the same problems with dirty sheets and hair in the bed. They only gave me a 20% discount and I called the corporate office which is looking into the place. DO NOT STAY THERE!!! The term, 'Fleabag hotel&quot; was created just to describe this place!!!	
Jan 1 2008 	We were the only Guests in the entire Hotel!	This Hotel is horrible! We booked a suite w/ two full size beds and recieved a bed and a half. We ended staying in 4 of the 8 rooms on our floor since the plumbing was not working in any room or the lights would not turn on. The internet service is not available and the rugs are dirty. I removed the sheets as I entered each room and 3 of the 4 were full of hairs. The curtains were stained and the T.V only had 6 channels. This hotel is located about 100 yards from an alley full of homeless people and is cut in 1/2 as half the rooms are across the street. Put it this way DO NOT STAY HERE! We left w/in 5 hours and recieved RUDE service at the front desk. I don't care how in-expensive this hotel is it's not worth it. The Raddisson on Fishermans Warf if only a few buck moe and in alot nicer! Go there instead! :)	
Nov 27 2007	Stay Away!!!	I wouldn't stay at this hotel if it was free. I also booked in the main building and was given a room in the annex across the street. Desk clerk was unhelpful and rude. Room was EXTREMELY dirty and I would say unihabitable. This buiding should be condemed. BAIT and SWITCH, I booked a room in the main buidling and was given a room in the annex. Desk clerk argued with me saying that a reservation didn't determine which building and when I pushed the issue to check their website which in fact did show annex verses main building, they said that was for the current and previous nights but not for the night that I stayed. [--].	
Nov 6 2007	dont stay here	worst hotel ive stayed in for 25 years,and im cabin crew!!no lift in annexxe and filthy carpets,no light bulbs in room when i arrived and inernet does not work this side of hotelawful	
Nov 4 2007 	Moldy Vile Socks	I am still very upset. I was going in San Francisco for a competition. The customer service was just terrible. The room was very dirty and out dated. The first thing I did was pull down the sheets that exposed a rather private type of hair all over the fleece blanket. Then the towels were mostly moth eaten. At my hotel resort, the towels Ramada gave us would have been used to clean tires. Then I was working late when I came back there were people in our room. The front desk clerk gave some acquaintances of ours keys to our room. They should not have stayed there. They were from our area and knew we were staying there so they crashed our hotel room. Thanks front desk guy. Then packing up the next morning there was the most fowl moldy pair of socks I have seen in my life under the bed. I gave it the benefit of the doubt and ask the other people in our room if those were their socks, but we were all in snowboard socks so those used to be white grey green tube socks did not belong to any of us. Poor cleaning, if they cleaned at all. I will continue to warn people. Plus they ran out of parking and key cards so we got one key card to our room and then they just give random people not on the reservation keys to my room. The regular price of my room was 300.00 and because I got it on a discount website the front desk guy made sure we knew and were familiar with the original price of that suite. Awful.	
Nov 3 2007 	Worst customer service	We reserved this hotel on priceline. Our price was about $70/night. At that price, it was okay... but it is located in a neighborhood with not much around. It is in walking distance from the BART. The rooms are okay, but a bit small. My issues are about housekeeping and customer service. I am at the hotel as I write this. Our room did not have: shampoo, wash clothes (my husband considers this a necessity), remote control for the TV, In addition, one of the lamps didn't work (I think we need a new light bulb). I complained 3 times... to no avail the only thing that got resolved is the missing shampoo. They just don't care. Also, they provide coffee in the rooms, but only decaf (we're from Seattle, the land of caffeinated coffee). So a word of warning, if staying here, don't forget your shampoo, washcloth, coffee, and light bulbs. My husband is a big tipper (even if service isn't that great). I'm sure he won't be tipping this weekend!	
Oct 26 2007 	Avoid at all costs	I agree with many of the comments others have written. Looking to save a few dollars, I booked this hotel. Few eateries are located nearby, and we had to rent a refrigerator and microwave for $10 a day. Our so-called suite with a queen bed was nothing like it was advertised. Instead we got a twin bed, 6 channels, a small closet and no place to put our luggage. The last night of our stay, all I heard was loud noise, even the music from sportscenter couldn't drown it out. If you love zooming motorcycles at 2 in the morning, this is your place. But for others that want a decent place and a safe environment, do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.	
Oct 23 2007 	Avoid if at all possible	If this hotel was priced in the $60-$80 range the low quality would have been understandable, but it is in the $120-$150 range.I Booked a '2 Double Beds Suite'. When I arrived in the room it was hot and stuffy and one of the two AC units did not work.There were no towels in the bathroom.I also figured the 'Suite' will have the microwave and refrigerator, but was also non-existent.I asked if they had another room for me and without hastle I was given a single room with a queen + double for the same price! as the suite?I then discovered that the 'Cable + HBO' which was promised on the web site was non-existent, in fact there were only 3! channels which were viewable without interference: PBS, a Chinese channel and a Spanish channel.Walking into the bathroom was another shock, the towels look more like floor rags than towels and one even had a huge hole in it.The walls are plastered with signs to remind quests that this is a 100% smoke-free hotel, personally I prefer a neat clean 'smoker friendly' hotel rather than a smoke-free dump.	
Oct 1 2007 	terrible hotel	I do not recommend that anyone ever stay at this hotel. Upon arrival in the room we saw that the trash from the previous guest had not been removed and there was still ice in the ice bucket. The &quot;closet&quot; is part of the TV console and is about12&quot; wide. There were 4 hangars in the closet. I asked for more hangars but never received them. The TV supposedly has 10 or so channels but only 4 or 5 came in and were of poor viewing quality. The free breakfast is nothing but white bread, sugary cereals and sweet rolls and muffins. The &quot;orange juice&quot; is an artificial orange flavored drink.The muffins and sweet rolls were in plastic containers that looked like they had never been cleaned. The first two nights we were there we had 2 bath size towels, the third night we had one and by the fourth day we had none. When we asked for more towels the front desk said that there was nothing they could do. I wish we had looked at this website before making a reservation.	
Sep 16 2007 	Several stays over the years...never again.	I stay in San Francisco 2 - 4 times a year, usually for about 6 nights at a time. Absolutely love this city. Because my travel is for pleasure, I'm all about getting a great deal. I have stayed in 5 or 6 hotels during my visits and one of the most important things for me is location. Others have indicated that this is a terrible location. I feel that it is a bit unfair - the neighborhood is typical of a lot of downtown San Francisco.The first time I stayed here, the price was great and the room was perfectly fine. Based on this, I had no reservations about booking another stay here. I booked two trips to San Francisco at the same time and both were at this hotel. (One in March and one in May) Again, great price and I am familiar with the neighborhood, so it is convenient and suits my needs.However, the hotel has taken a serious turn for the worse. I will echo many of the other comments posted here - stained bed spreads, stained sheets, cigarette holes in the blankets, stained curtains, stained carpets, serious mold in the shower. When I was here in March, I thought maybe this was just a fluke. I'm all about 2nd chances.When I came back in May, the room was only marginally cleaner - at least the shower wasn't covered with mold. This time, the heater didn't work either.Really too bad because this used to be a very reasonably priced, clean place to stay.I can not recommend this hotel to anyone any longer - if presented with a deal to stay here, run in the opposite direction immediately. There are still some good deals in San Francisco, but this isn't one of them.	
Aug 12 2007 	Waste of Money	Unbelievably small rooms and horrible front desk service! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE! I paid $141.00 for a standard size room that was not at all &quot;standard&quot;. The room was the size of a gas station bathroom! Called the front desk to upgrade our room (at any cost) and was abruptly brushed off. His excuse was that he was &quot;new&quot;. He was unable to contact any further management to assist me in my desperate request.To seal the deal, I go to the garage to get into my car &amp; leave (...the same night!) and realize that they have padlocked the entrance! I then proceed to go to the front desk and to my surprise....my card-key doesn't work!!!!! UNBELIEVABLE!!!! I was locked in the garage. 10 minutes later....two gentlemen walk down stairs and let me into the lobby. I walk to the front desk and speak with the genius behind the counter for check-out. His overall attitude couldn't care less whether or not my stay was pleasant or whether or not I would come back - No apology, no questions asked (i.e. how was your stay), no receipt?!	
Jul 24 2007	Health Department close immediatly	DISGUSTING DUMP! If this hotel is an example of the Ramada chain the health department should shut them down. This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I shall never visit another Ramada hotel again. The room stinks. I am guessing the carpets have never been cleaned. The room was not cleaned. The bathroom is filthy. The tv gets 4 channels and stopped working the second day. The elevator does not work so all luggage had to be taken up to the top floor by hand. The phone does not work, the sheets are full of holes and the curtains smell. DO NOT STAY AT RAMADA HOTELS. I believe deseases cold be hatching in the rooms. Where is the San Francisco health department to protect the public? Health department and tourist bureau start doing your job, SHUT THE DUMP DOWN NOW!.	
Jun 4 2007 	Bait and Switch!	It was supposed to be a great getaway for the weekend, but it turned out to be a disaster. I have stayed at the Ramada Limited hotel before and was aware of its budget accommodations. The rooms are basic, while the bedding could do with a total makeover, and the location is away from a busy area but close to public transit &amp; nightlife nearby. I have never experienced any major problems on my previous visits, and its “limited” style fits my budget. Expedia had a special low, pre-pay rate ($60+ tax’s), so I decided to book a room. However, Expedia failed to notify the hotel of my impending stay, and upon arrival management had no standard rooms available. I was even told the hotel would not have honored that low Expedia rate even if a standard room was available. I was offered a two-room suite costing $199+ tax’s, per night. That rate was more than three times that of my pre-paid room. Seeing how infuriated I became, the hotel made an offer of $119+ tax’s, per night for the suite. I was told by an Expedia agent to take the suite ($119) &amp; the additional cost would be &quot;covered.&quot; I was even provided with a confirmation number for this transaction. However, at checkout Expedia agents tried to have me be responsible for the full cost of the suite. It took time out of my vacation to conduct phone calls &amp; to talk with hotel management to resolve the issue. I found Expedia customer service agents to be most unhelpful. I wasn’t sure if it was the fact that they were based overseas (English as a second language) as the reason they could not understand the gravity of my situation. In the end, it was my persistence and the diligent work of hotel manager, Bobby Laud, who got Expedia to take responsibility for theirerror. Next time, I will know to call ahead &amp; to make certain my pre-paid low-rate room is actually available! You should also.	
May 29 2007 	Dangerous dark and filthy	I booked a room at the Ramada Limited Downtown San Francisco for 4 nights (19-23 May 2007) six months in advance at a room rate of $113 per night plus tax. The advertisement stated that there was free continental breakfast, free wireless internet in the rooms, refurbished large rooms, free coffee makers, etc. Despite having booked well in advance I did not get a room in the hotel but rather in the &quot;annex&quot; and at the same room rate. The annex was across the street and partway down the block and this was not at all like what was advertised.[1] There were no elevators. I had to carry my bags up several fights of stairs to get to the room.[2] The room was tiny (9 x 13 feet) and had only a single twin bed. My confirmation was for a queen-sized bed.[3] The room was dark because the light bulbs had been removed from the lamps and the overhead light was dim. The carpet was filthy, so perhaps this was deliberate.[4] There was no internet access. There might have been access if you walked back across the street and down the block to the main building and then stood in the lobby but I did not try this,[5] The continental breakfast was only available to guests in the main building according to Samir, the desk clerk.[6] There was no coffee or coffee maker.[7] There was no bathtub - only a small shower stall. In any case, it would be ill advised to take a shower because only two thin hand towels were provided for guests making it impossible to dry off.[8] The air conditioner was broken. It was running but not cooling and all of the knobs had been removed so it was impossible to adjust any settings. Perhaps for this reason, the room had a foul odor.I returned to the main building, it was now about 3.30 PM, and I asked Samir for a different room - similar to what was advertised when I booked the room. He told me this was impossible. I then told him that I would not be using the room and I would find other accommodations and he told me that my credit card would still be billed the full amount because I had already checked in. I returned to my room down the street and I called Ramada customer service telephone support and a nice fellow named Jason (I believe) agreed that this was a problem but he said that all Ramada properties are independently owned and thus he could do nothing for me. He gave me the name of the manager of this property and suggested that I keep trying to contact him directly.I packed an overnight bag and left my luggage in the room as I did not want to haul it down the stairs and around the city looking for another room and I was going to be charged for the room anyway. I stayed in the Marriott that night and retuned the next day to check out of the Ramada. At the desk was the acting manager, Bobbie, who explained that the manager, Mr. Monday, was in Indonesia. Bobbie had not been told anything about my problem but he quickly found me an acceptable room in the main building and helped me move my bags so I completed my stay at the Ramada. In compensation for my problems and having to take a room at the Marriott the first night he took $12.90 (!) off my total bill of $515.76 (not very impressive).I am extremely dissatisfied by this affair. The property is not as advertised and the price is far in excess for similar rooms in the city. Indeed, the room I was given in the annex was dangerous and uninhabitable. The Ramada staff at the hotel were unwilling to help until I was about to leave early, the telephone support from Ramada was unable to help resolve this problem.	
May 24 2007 	Basic Motel Accommodations	I'm not sure what other reviewers expected, but when you book a room in San Francisco that's under $200, you're going to get a basic motel. These accommodations are exactly that - motel-type accommodations.Check in was slow - their clerks are not personable and seem to take forever to process a check in from a booked reservation. That said, there were no problems and I got a key that worked for my entire four night stay, with the bed type promised (king) and the location requested (main building).The room was clearly updated within the last year or so, with a contemporary style - neutral, single color bedspread &amp; curtains, modern wood furniture, etc. That said, the room could have been more clean - they need to clean the bathroom grout, the walls and the carpet. But the stains were not dirt - so I didn't feel as if I couldn't go barefooted. Bed linens were clean.Continental breakfast was actually better than I expected - cereal, muffins, coffee and toast available. My alternative for this booking was the Travelodge Central, where they offer a single kind of danish for breakfast.The location is excellent - I don't understand other reviews complaining of safety of the area. All I can think is that they've never stayed in downtown SF before. The street traffic / street scene is exactly what you find outside the Hilton and the Marriott . . . and SOMA is a very eclectic and vibrant area, with excellent restaurants within walking distance, some of the hottest clubs and bars (for both straight and gay clientel) and a five minute walk to the Civic Center BART station. Who could ask for more? There are homeless people EVERYWHERE in SF - so don't rate this motel down because they were outside the lobby. I actually didn't see any undesirables in the immediate vicinity - just local residents (people live all throughout this area) and workers (the Federal Building is two blocks away). Enjoy the eclectic nature of San Francisco and embrace the diversity!All in all, a decent place - I booked for around $100 a night, so how could I complain? I got a decent motel accommodation in a great, vibrant location.	
Mar 14 2007	beyond pathetic	We waited an hour in line to check in. We had five rooms for our party. All were located in the building across the street from the Lobby. They were filthy! Four of the five rooms had dirty sheets and/or blankets on the beds (hair etc...). The toilet didn't appear to have even been cleaned, residue on the seat. The heater did not work in the room, the water in the shower came out orange...And to get to these lovely rooms we had to walk 3 flights of stairs as there was NO elevator! The employee on site didn't remotely care about our concerns or problems. The best part = we paid $170 per room for this experience! Online price, the room lists at $79. So, not only were we put in a building that needs to be condemned, but we were grossly overcharged! For your own safetly, do NOT stay at this 'hotel'.	
Mar 13 2007 	filthy and unsafe	This place is filty and unsafe. Three out of the five rooms we rented had to get clean sheets. One even had bodily fluids on the sheets. We were the maid! We had to walk across the street to get the sheets. This place is disgusting.There was no heat in the room and the heater was broken. It was COLD!If there had been an earthquake or fire we would have been trapped in this old buildng.How can this be a Ramada Hotel and how can it have AAA approval?This place should be shut down!We were also charged triple the listed rate. We would have moved but where do you take a party of 19 in the middle of the night? One of the homeless shelters would have been cleaner!!!	
Mar 12 2007 	Unclean and Very Poor Service	My friend and I booked several rooms for the ladies from our organization so that we would have a clean safe place to stay in downtown San Francisco while attending a conference. We just needed one night's good rest. The first thing was that it took forever to get checked in. We waited about an hour with just two parties in line in front of us. After going up to our rooms, we found toilets that had not been cleaned showing &quot;residue&quot; such as urine and hair, from the previous users. The hot water came out orange at first when you turned it on. One rooms was filled with smoke, but when I waited another half hour at the front desk to ask for a change of room, I was told bluntly that there are only non-smoking rooms in this hotel and that room could not be filled with smoke. He did not offer a room change and said there were no other available rooms. But these were only the beginnings of our problems at this hotel. Late that night when we returned, beat from a long day of travel and then attending the event that night, one lady turned back the bed to find pillows covered with short curly hairs and actual human excrement on the sheets. She was horrified and one of the ladies phoned the front desk. Complaining of these two unsanitary issues, the attendant at the desk proceeded to hang up on her. So she called him again, insisting upon clean sheets. He said that she would have to come down and get them herself! Next, four of the five rooms had problems with sheets: Hairs of all types, if you know what I mean, on the pillowcases, blankets, etc. Sheets that had not been washed and clearly smelled of body oils and odor. One lady had what looked like vomit crusted on her bedspread. I actually took all of the bed clothes down from our room and handed them across the counter to the attendant. I said we needed new sheets. He had no more mattress covers, so we slept on one sheet that we laid across a bare mattress with another covering us. Later he brought up a blanket and a comforter. Seemingly clean at first, but as I opened up the comforter, I noticed what looked like dried white body fluid on it, I would guess it was semen. When changing the pillowcases (on our own, mind you) we noticed the pillows were covered with yellowed stains, resembling wet spots that had run and dried again and again over time. The shower in my room sprayed water all over the bathroom counter and mirror, therefore wetting the toilet paper roll and any clothing that one may have set on the counter or toilet to put on later. There were not any attendants other than the one at the counter to be seen anywhere in the hotel. When the first guy got off work, we saw him sitting on the level below, but obviously not &quot;on the clock&quot;. Other than this man and the man at the desk, I saw no one else on the entire property that was an employee of this Ramada Limited hotel. This was quite an embarrassment for us as my friend and I reserved this hotel for quite a large group of women and then it turned out to be so awful.	
Mar 11 2007 	Filthy Dirty	This place was beyond awful. We had several rooms to accommodate our party which was in town to attend an event at Moscone Center. The hotel is in 2 buildings located on opposite sides of the street from each other. Our rooms were located in the building across the street from the office and up 3 flights of stairs with no elevator. Our room, which I shared with 3 other ladies, contained 2 double (not queen) beds. There were several spots of dried something on one of the bedspreads. The mini-blind in our bathroom was caked with dirt. The blankets were dirty. After seeing the crud on the bedspread we didn't want to chance the sheets being dirty as well, so we requested a clean set, but were only given one sheet. We finally stopped looking too closely at the room because it was late and we had to get up early in the morning. We just went to bed and got up and out of there as soon as we could the next morning.My review is necessarily limited to my experience at the hotel and the room in which I stayed, but it would be interesting to hear from the other members of our party about the condition of their rooms. I heard about TripAdvisor.com from my sister-too late for this trip, but I will sure use it next time.	
Jan 14 2007 	Get What You Pay For	We wait till the last min. to find a hotel within walking distance to the Mascone Center at an affordable price for 3 nights. A friend booked this one through AAA. (They should be embarrassed they recommended this one.) We arrived late but could tell we weren’t in a good area, No streetlights. Hotel parking was free but was NOT adequate. At best there were 8 SMALL stalls in the main parking and 8 more in an attached area, which was very unsafe and not visible from hotel rooms. There wasn’t much information given by desk clerk, he processed our check in He told us there was a 150.00 fine if we smoked in the rooms. We were put at opposite ends of the 3rd floor from our friends. There was a very small elevator, only large enough for 2 people. The doors did not open all the way.The room.Our room had a distinctive odder as we practically had to kick the door to open it. It stuck every time we went in and out. Our room was so small you could lie on the bed and touch the walls. The ceiling had a huge stain like they were trying to cover water damage. The pillows were well worn and flat. The blanket had cigarette burns and holes. I questioned if the sheets were cleaned when I tried to sleep and itched all night. There was a small wooden armoire, TV that only got about 5 channels + HBO, an alarm clock that did NOT work, an iron and ironing board, a small desk and chair and a working heater you could turn on without getting out of bed.The dressing area had an ice bucket, 1 glass, coffee pot, and hair dryer and 1 sink. The bathroom looked like it hadn’t been cleaned in awhile. There was mold on the walls, ceiling, shower curtain, tile and the window was incased in mold. The sheets were not changed during our 3-night stay. In fact the bed was not made. The bedspread was simply pulled up over the rumpled sheet and blanket. Our towels were replaced with a lipstick stained washcloth. We asked for another glass and were given a Styrofoam cup. We asked for a new pillow and were given one in worsed shape, flat and dirty. Our friend’s room was a little bigger and they were given 2 sets of towels, 2 glasses and two coffee cups. Don’t stay here without rubber gloves, bleach, Lysol, a vacuum and your own pillow and drinking glasses.	
Nov 11 2006 	Stay Away	We thought we were getting a hotel near the convention center as most of the hotels in the area where booked, but we ended up in the worst possible neighbourhood.Although the hotel staff member was polite, she put us in her deluxe 2 bedroom suite and when we started walking towards the room via their &quot;courtyard&quot; realized that this was an outdoors motel where you enter into your room from outside (not very safe!). The picture on their website is very deceiving! The room was still being renovated and the living room part had no phone, no couch and no curtains on the windows. We left to find a restaurant and walked through a horrible area where the sights and smells were indescribable. Found out later that we were in the worst part of San Fran. Even when we found Market Street is was still several long blocks before we encountered a slightly better area. We took a cab back to the hotel and left. Found a quaint hotel in Union Square where they welcomed us with open arms!	
Oct 15 2006 	Checked out early as it was horrible	This place is absolutely awful. After checking in, we had to cross a four lane highway to get to our rooms. Although they were apparently recently renovated, they smelled and the bathroom wasn't very clean. There were homeless people sleeping in the hotel doorway and when one taxi driver dropped us back to the hotel, he warned us to be careful as the area is dangerous. We moved to the Kensington Park Hotel on Post Street, which was only $30-40 more expensive but far superior.I would strongly advise against staying at this hotel.	
Jul 26 2006 	Truly awful	I have just walked out of the Ramada Downtown two days early. The experience was as distressing as it was infuriating.Don't believe the hotel's corporate website. All rooms have NOT been newly rennovated. Indeed the one given to me looked like it hasn't been touched in 20 years. It was cramped, dark and depressing. The furniture is old, the carpet smelly, the bath towells thin and shabby and the bathroom a disgrace. My shower did not work, nor did the snack machine located opposite. In fact, not much worked at all in this place.There are two buildings &quot;run&quot; by the hotel, both competing for the award &quot;Worst Hotel Shanty in America&quot;, but the Annex building defies description. This is a family site so I will refrain from saying what I really feel about it.The wireless Internet worked only when it wanted to, and in fact was only working for four hours during my stay. The front desk staff were as nice as they could be in the circumstances, though working under enormous pressure to deal with customer complaints. The breakfast was OK but basic, but beyond that I'm afraid that this is one experience that should be reserved for massochists.	
Mar 29 2006	Not recommended	While the price was outstanding I would not recommend this to anyone. My boyfriend and I stayed there in January and stayed for only 1 night before changing hotels. The room itself was decend, old but clean and featured no added amenities. Within walking distance to the financial district but situated in a very poor and unsafe neighborhood. Do not stay here if you plan on leaving or coming at dark. There are a lot of drug users (and people selling) in the area, as we passed many walking back to our hotel. These are exterior facing doors and it could be very easy for someone to enter or break-in if they should chose. Please do not book this hotel without visiting it in person and deciding for yourself if it is suitable.	
Jan 28 2006	HORRIBLE!!	We stayed only one of the the four nights we were suppose to stay. There was garbage left in the unlined bathroom wastebasket, no kleenex, 2 out of 4 lamps worked, TV only got 2 channels and not very well, holes in sheets, sheets very worn appeared to be washed but stained, blanket had seen much better days,1 bar of soap for 2 sinks and the tub, bathroom door was filthy, shower curtain was dirty, the floors were uneven and soft and squeshly, basebords obvioulsy hadn't been cleaned in ages. We left and went down the street and found a Best Western (Carriage Inn) at a &quot;walk in&quot; rate equal to the Ramada with delightful amenities - fireplace, sherry and nice continental breakfast to your door etc. The man at the desk was pleasant, but never solved any of the problems.	
Oct 31 2005	Not recommended	I just returned from San Francisco, where we spent our last night in the states at the Ramada Inn.The good things about the hotel is that the staff was friendly and that parking is free. But sadly enough, that's all the good things there are.When we arrived at the hotel just about check-in time we were given a room. Entering the room we found it only half-made, so the bed was not made and the old sheets were lying in a pile on the floor. We went back to the management and they told us, that they were sorry. Some 15 minutes later we were told everything was ok. So again we went up. A first look told us, that everything seemed to be ok. But then we discovered that the sheets were not clean (dirt, mascara stains). Also the room was a bit smelly for a non-smoking room. So again, down to the reception. They offered us another room. We checked the sheets, they were not great, but ok and took it. For compensation of our troubles the manager offered us a free city-tour (deluxe). I thought this was very nice, although we did not take the offer, as we had other plans.Based on our observations, I think that the hotel has a problem with the washing service. Even in the second room the quality of the sheets was not &quot;hotel-like&quot;. &quot;Hotel-like&quot; for me is clean, starched and ironed. In our room there were some stains on the pillows, although it was obvious that these were freshly washed. And the sheets were crickled and not starched.The location was ok for us, although you really have some kind of a &quot;strange&quot; neighborhood, but is only less than a mile up to Union Square, and some nightclubs (Club 6 on 6th street or the Raw-Hide on 7th street) are very near.It is a bit noisy, as the walls are very thin (and so is the ceiling).When I should return to San Francisco I will try to get another hotel.	
Apr 21 2005	Loved the wharf	We only spent a day and a half in this beautiful city. But I will for sure be returning for further exploration. We stayed at the Limited Edition Ramada Inn on Lombard, down on the wharf. Clean and fairly quite accomodations. The man at the front was extremely nice though.Explored the wharf at night and in the day and thought it was fantastic. Did a trip to Alcatraz. If you haven't been I suggest a trip there. Beautiful and full of so much history. Nice day trip. As I said already didn't get much else in but that. For sure requires more time than we had to commit to..	
Apr 17 2005	Not so great	I wouldn't stay at this hotel again. Dirty looking room/bathroom, dated, you can hear people pulling their bags along the floor outside the door and on the floor above, bad location as mentioned by other reviews.There were three good things about this hotel, the member of staff at the front desk was friendly and helpful, free parking when available and there is a car hire company the other side of the road.	
Mar 16 2005	Great deal for the price!	I stayed for 4 nights last week (March 2005) and I loved it. I rated it average because San Francisco of course has some fancy, expensive rooms. This was a great deal - I payed $47.50 per night (internet special found at the Ramada Inn web site) for a very clean, but small double-bed room. It was safe, free parking, continental breakfast, nice TV, ironing board, and very friendly staff. For the price, it was actually an excellent deal. For those people who left bad reviews, what do you expect in San Francisco when you don't pay very much? It was close to Bart, the train, shopping mall, cable cars, farmers market, etc. I will stay there again the next time I travel to San Francisco.	
Feb 25 2005	Great rate otherwise old and cramped	This property has the advantage of great rate, location, free parking and a typical continental breakfast. On the other hand the rooms are tiny and old, the view non-exsisting, my room was overlooking a large shaft in the middle of the building. The room service was OK, my room was clean and well-maintained throughout my stay. When coming to San Francisco on a budget you have two options - staying at a property like this in the city or staying at a more comfortable property in the Bay Area and use BART to get into town.	
Feb 14 2005	Worst Hotel I have ever stayed at	I stay in hotels almost 200 nights a year for work and was booked at this property because the entire town was sold out for a trade show. I never stay at Ramada properties and was actually looking forward to this trip to see what a Ramada Limited was like.  The room was unquestionably the worst, most disgusting I have ever seen at any hotel, anywhere. There were huge amounts of mold growing in the shower, the bathroom had last been retiled in the 70's and had been patched since with tile that didn't even match, and the room overlooked an apartment block that looked like a crackhouse. The furniture in the room had seen better days decades earlier. As this seems unbelievable, I have attached my photos of the room.  I had to carry my bags upstairs as the place had no elevator. To make matters worse, the place is split into two buildings so the lobby is actually across the street.  The neighborhood, even during daylight hours, is filled with panhandlers and drug addicts walking the street. You can't believe the smell on the street.  I can put up with a lot, this is the first time I have ever found a room so bad that I checked out and went elsewhere. There is no way I would have stayed in that room for any sum of money.  On the plus side, the manager on duty was accommodating in my request to leave and did not charge me for the night. He claimed the rooms in the other building were better, but how in the world can any chain hotel allow a property to have rooms like this? Why take the chance of getting stuck with something like this.  I guess it will be another 10 years before I am willing to consider a Ramada again. 	
Sep 9 2004	Horrible hotel rooms ever	Stayed for two days in July 04.This hotel is horrible.Had bad &amp; stinky room, horrible room service.People are not co-operative.Dont book rookm here, I mean it.	
Feb 20 2003	Loved It	In Spring of '02 we drove from Phoenix area to SF and planned to spend one night half way. We were so anxious to get there that I called en route to see if we could arrive one day sooner. They eagerly accomadated us and we were thrilled when we got there at our decision. We had the 2 bedroom suite for about $100/ night. Realize that if you've never been to the bay area that space is tight all over. Well this really was a treat. There was a living area w/ sofa, kitchenette table/chairs, tv... In the hall is a fairly small bathroom. Past that was the kids' room w/ 2 beds and closet &amp; tv. Good sized. And past that was our room. 2 more beds. Though we only used one, we gladly used the extra pillows! There was also a closet, dresser, tv, phone, table... in here. 3 tvs. ?3 telephones, 4 beds, kitchenette all for a hundred bucks. We knew it was further from the piers than many higher priced, smaller options, but we enjoyed the opportunity to use the public transportation. Kids had never seen a subway and BART was a thrill in its own right. The thing about the cramped parking and the fact that the continental breakfast was at sister property across the street were downfalls, but worth it! Depending on where you are from, it could be a bit of a culture shock. There are homeless, drug using people lining streets very near. My husband saw someone shoot up and drop a needle outside of our second story bedroom in the middle of the night. But that is a whole nother topic. I didn't see the regular rooms but for the price splurge on the suite. It is wonderful to have our own bedrooms! Take groceries as there are not nearby grocers.	
Nov 23 2002	Not Bad	A took a friend to San Francisco last Feb. 2002. We were on a tight budget so we just got the most reasonable rate on the web - $69/night. I did not know where 7th street was and how far the hotel was to Market Street. We did take a chance on this hotel and it was not that bad. If you're traveling alone or if you have your best friend or sister with you on a trip to San Francisco, this is an OKAY hotel.There are two hotel buildings on the same street opposite each other. To give you a better picture, this is like a drive-in motel with three floors. One night, we had to park at the adjacent building since the space is too tight... even the rooms. When we were checking-in, I asked for an extra bed but they told me that we cannot have one in the room. It was only when we got to the room that I understood what the clerk meant - the room could only accommodate a queen size bed, TV and 2 side tables! Honestly, my bedroom is bigger. By the way, the sheets and bathroom were clean and the bathroom was well kept. That's all that matters to me in travelling.For the price, you get the typical breakfast of pancakes, bagels, juice and fruits. We also had to cross to the next building to eat breakfast at their small cafe.If this is your first trip to Bay Area, I would suggest that you pay $10-20 more to get a hotel near Union Square. The only disadvantage in booking a hotel there is that you have to pay for parking.Otherwise, take advantage of the free parking, free breakfast and a tight clean space for $69 a night!	
