Oct 26 2009 	great location	The hotel is situated near China town, north beach and you can pretty much walk to the main sightseeing points. Not luxury but a very big bed! Quite thin walls so you can hear a lot of what's going on in the next room but apart from that I would recommend this hotel to the budget traveller.	
Oct 19 2009 	Cheap room with free parking -- Great for sightseers!	We spent 2 nights at the Royal Pacific. We chose it mostly for it location and free parking. In a city where parking alone costs upwards of $25 a night, a hotel room with parking for around a $100 was a great deal. Don't chose the Royal Pacific if you're looking for luxury -- but perfect for the budget travel who wants some place to sleep &amp; clean up at modest cost.Close to the cable car line (just a few blocks walk) and Fisherman's Wharf. A short drive to the Golden Gate Bridge and most of SF's attractions. The neighborhood was a little overwhelming when we drove in the first night, but didn't feel unsafe as we walked around in search of a place to eat.The Thai restaurant just a few doors down served a great dessert -- we wished we'd had dinner there because the food smelled soooo good.	
Oct 14 2009 	Inexpensive home base for SF sightseeing	OK, it's not the Ritz, but we stayed 3 nites and figure we had $300 extra in our pocket for meals etc. Very comfortable, basic rooms and a really convenient location.	
Oct 13 2009 	Decent hotel convenient location.	I just returned from a 4-day stay at the Royal Pacific. It was an average visit. I was neither overwhelmed nor underwhelmed by anything in particular. It served it's purpose as a reasonably priced hotel in a convenient location. It's located right on the edges of Chinatown and Little Italy so you only need to walk a few blocks to find great food. We walked to Fisherman's Wharf one day and took the 30 bus down Stockton another. You were also within walking distance of a cable car stop. (General SF tip: the MUNI travel pass is a good deal if you expect to use public transportation frequently) It did have free wi-fi, but you had to use it in the little lobby. But, I guess compared to paying extra at the big hotels that already charge you alot, that's not a big deal. They charge for ice and you can rent a refrigerator if you need one (so no doggie bags, folks). They did call for my airport shuttle and gave me a $2 discount, which was convenient. However, the room was dark. There was one small ceiling light and one bedside lamp with the heavy black-out drapes. There was a distinct chemically smell in the room which didn't dissipate. The lady at the desk said it may have been related to the the recent renovations, but she did make a note of it. And, my roommate was awakened by women outside the door at 3 AM yelling obscenities at a man. &quot;Breakfast&quot; consisted of 2 pre-wrapped pastries. It was clean, aside from the smell, and I felt relatively safe. As I said, it was an average stay. I've been asking myself if I'd stay here again. Because of the price and location I might. However, if I hit the Mega Millions or found my sugar daddy I'd be laying my head somewhere else. Not a bad place for what it is, though.	
Oct 8 2009 	Just for the location and parking	We picked this hotel for the location and free parking. Employees at the front desk were very unfriendly. The loby is very very tiny and looks awful. Our check-in took about half an hour as one of the rooms we booked was cancelled somehow. They arranged another room for us and luckily the rooms were comfortable and clean. No breakfast facilities etc - just a basic motel.	
Jul 31 2009 	more than we expected	Me and my husband stayed here and we were so suprised at how fast the service was. The room although not the one we reserved (we reserved a King bed room but it is not available yet when we arrived), we got a queen bed instead and the room is very big! We got there around 9am and they checked us in early! They have a separate laundry room where you can wash clothes privately. And also they have free wi-fi too. Great service! We will definitely come back!	
Jul 15 2009 	Maybe the best value in the city	It was our second stay in San Francisco and we stayed for two nights.At checkin they give us a parking permit and a free upgrade for a better room at the backside of the building where is no trafficnoise.The rooms are clean and at the next day we found two packed pastries in the room.Chinatown, litle Italy, Fishermans Wharf and more are in walking distance.If i come back to San Francisco i will stay there again because it's a good value.	
Jul 8 2009 	Loved it-Exceeded our Expectations for the Location!	My family and I just returned from a 2 week long road trip vacation to California from Alberta. Our first stop was the Rodeway Inn in Pocatello next was New York New York in Las Vegas, then the Del Sol in Anaheim and next was America’s Best Value Inn in Santa Cruz. Then we stayed at the Royal Pacific Motor Inn in San Francisco. This was a pleasant surprise as the drive to the Motor Inn showed some seedy streets. However it ended up being in a fantastic location in China Town-walking distance to both Fisherman’s Wharf and Union Square. Check in was easy and the desk staff was very friendly. They thought our Canadian drivers’ license was funny! They also offered us a room in the back as it would be quieter-thought that was a nice touch! Our room was on the second floor and quite roomy for what we expected of the location. We were easily able to set out all our luggage and tote bags. The room was clean and we liked that you had to use your card key to enter each floor. They had told me that they offer pastries for breakfast and this turned out to be 4 danish-type pastries in cellophane on the table in our room. We didn’t eat these, but got our own breakfast. Overall we liked the Royal Pacific and would definitely stay here again as we thought it was good value for the money-especially with the free parking! We also liked that they provided free internet. They have a computer set up in the lobby for guest's use and while we couldn't connect in our room with our lap-top we were able to sit on a couch in the lobby and connect there.	
Oct 23 2008 	Why Stay Elsewhere?	I have to admit that we have stayed at the Royal Pacific for over 25 years when we visit San Francisco. We have always found the location convenient to Little Italy and Chinatown and the added bonus of free parking a fantastic bargain in San Francisco where parking is rediculous.This time we decided to spend a little more money and get a King Room with kitchenette which consisted of a seperate area with wet bar, microwave, and refrigerator.The room was much larger than their standard room and consisted of a King Bed, comfortable convertable couch, 2 nice sitting chairs, a desk chair and writing desk, and a small dining table with 2 chairs. There was plenty of drawer space and a closet between the bedroom and bathroom.The hotel is just finishing extensive remodeling with all rooms refurbished completely. Our room, which I believe is reflective of the remodeling, had new carpet, wall paper paint, new furniture, all new plumbing fixutres, including new sinks, tub/shower, etc.We were very pleased that we spent the extra money to have the convenience of this room which by the way ran $139.00 per night which in San Francisco is a great bargain.I would also like to make a few comments about the owners who I would not by any stretch of the imagination call &quot;abrupt&quot;. Both greated us in very friendly way and were proud of their remodeling. If you want an absolutely quiet room you might want to think again about staying in downtown San Francisco. Although I prefer quiet at night I have never found it hard to sleep at the Royal Pacific keeping in mind it is right in the center of activities.	
Oct 8 2008	Perfect location in SF!	Perfect location in San Francisco...walking distance to Chinatown and North Beach. Ideal restaurants in area and many nice sights to see. The rooms are newly upgraded. VERY clean and nice with all the amenities you need. We love this place and will stay nowhere else in SF!!!	
Sep 23 2008 	Average	We chose this hotel for both the parking and for the location. It seemed to be central for everything we wanted and seemed to be reasonably competitive price-wise considering that our stay coincided with a weekend period. The website states that the hotel is on the edge of Chinatown and although I did not investigate this any further, I would imagine it is as busy as the centre. It took us a while to drive through the numerous sets of lights and the massive hoards of people crossing the roads. The parking seemed limited, but we luckily found a space by the main reception door on arrival and left it there until we left. Although it seemed safe enough I did feel happier that the car was by the front door and in full view of the reception area. We were greeted by a reasonably abrupt chinese lady who immediately passed us off to her colleague to deal with when someone else entered the reception area. I genuinely believe that she was trying to be efficient but frankly it was hard to get away from the rudeness. The hotel was on a main road and our room was on the 4th floor balcony over looking the street. The room was noisy due to both the traffic and the thin walls so we could hear the people next door talking and showering. People also thundered down the corridor with their children and their luggage.Aside from this, the hotel was ideally located to walk to Pier 33, Fisherman's Wharf and the Italian quarter. We had 2 excellent meals, one from the thai diner across the street from the hotel and the second from the pizza place at the end of the road.At the end of the day, the room was comfortable, we were travelling on a budget and the hotel served our purpose for the couple of days that we were there. I would stay again in the same situation but would certainly look around for other deals first. While we were there the hotel was undergoing refurbishment which meant that several car parking spaces were unusable as there are a couple of big skips in front of the hotel. Also, although we had expected the hotel to be non-smoking I found the notice threatening a $250 fine if they think you've been smoking a little aggressive.	
May 26 2008 	Very decent hotel for its price and location	This hotel located in china town, is really ok for its price and location. Their staff may not be too knowledgeable, but they are polite and do their work. There are some “adult” type of business on Broadway (where the hotel is located), but nothing to worry, because a block parallel to Broadway you will find Little Italy, with great ambiance and dining around. Do not let the smell of cigarettes on some of the hotel rooms bother you, they might smell like cigarettes, but you wont get cancer for that (not even if you were to stay there for a whole year, which you wont!) and if you get the smell on yourself, cleanup when you get home, big deal. What’s my point? There are some sacrifices when you get a budget hotel, if those little things bother you, be prepare to pay over 180 bucks per night or more elsewhere. I am pretty sure with that price, you won’t smell cigarettes around and the people at the front desk will smile at you and drop rose petals at your feet while you walk towards your room. Would I recomend this hotel as a budget one? You bet!	
Apr 12 2008 	Great location for the price.	Located in Chinatown, right at the edge of North Beach. Within easy walking distance to the Embarcadero, Telegraph Hill, Ghirardelli square, and heaps of other popular destinations. The room was clean, though not especially glamourous. There were some minor issues with noise, with loud guests returning at 3 am, but nothing too bad. Free parking (which is fantastic, given the location) and free internet in the lobby. We'd stay again.	
Apr 10 2008 	No frills no problems!	Stayed here for only one night. It's a very basic motel with no amenities to speak of, except for free parking which is really why I consider it such a good deal and would return again when visiting either Chinatown or North Beach. Carpet and floral bedspread were in good repair in the balcony room we were assigned. Blankets and sheets were threadbare, pillows were foam rubber with no give, bath towels were small but fairly new. Shower stall was tiled and very clean, water pressure good. Bathroom itself was two very small rooms, with sink outside toilet/shower area. Cable TV was adequate. Security door locks good. Don't stay in front balcony rooms if street noise is an issue. Cars or trucks passing by on Broadway in the middle of the night sounded like they were going through an long echo tunnel.	
Mar 12 2008 	DO NOT STAY at the Royal Pacific Motor Inn	Based on the photos and the rate of $99 a night we selected this hotel. It's amazing how in the photos the room and hotel look white and clean. Quite opposite of that! We will never stay here again. The girl who checked us in was rude. A few minutes after checking in to our room we found that the toilet would not flush (unfortunately after using it). We called the front desk right away asking for another room since the toilet was obviously broken and was told &quot;I call you back later&quot;. When we did get the call back she told my husband &quot;I get plunger, you come get and try fix&quot;. Um, excuse me? Then the motel maintenance guy came and touched the plunger that he was using in the toilet with his bare hands, used our ice bucket and sink, then went in and out of our room twice handling the door knob. I felt sick to my stomach. He said &quot;toilet fix&quot;, after he left my husband did a test flush and found it was not fixed. We finally were able to get another room, which was a smoker's room and nearly gagged from the smells. Needless to say all our clothes smelt like smoke as well as our hair and everything else. The rooms are grimy, with peeling paint and tile, dirty carpets, old blankets that looked dirty and had holes. This was more like a motel fit for roaches.	
Feb 16 2008 	Great location decent hotel	Located on the corner of chinatown, 1 block from Northbeach, this hotel is within 15-20 mintues walking distance to many SF staples (Fisherman's Wharf, Ghiradellie Square, Golden Gate Bridge, China Town, North Beach). If walking isn't your thing there is a bus stop about 2 minutes up the street. If your with the family, the area is kind of iffy (there are stripclubs and such just down the block), but that stuff never seems to make it across the street. The hotel is definately dated, but was tidy and the staff was nice.They give you a danish for breaksfast and there is cable in the room. If your just looking for a cheap, safe, clean place to crash at night, this hotel is a great find.	
Jan 1 2008 	Excellent location and free parking!	This is a clean, basic, inexpensive place to stay. The hotel is located in a safe area. Chinatown and North Beach are right there; the cable car is three blocks away. One fantastic feature of this hotel is the free and accessible parking. Other hotels in San Francisco charge up to $50 per night for parking; not the Royal Pacific. Staff are very friendly. Make sure you get a room away from the street, as the street-facing rooms are quite noisy. They offer a AAA discount.	
Nov 14 2007 	Cheap Clean Sparse	I stayed one night at this motor inn and would probably stay again. It is nothing at all fancy, but the room was in good condition and everything was extremely clean and well maintained. The bed was also good, though the pillows were those cheap foam rubber ones that don't give at all. Minor issue. I felt safe, especially with the three door locks.The location is wonderful, an easy walk to North Beach and Chinatown, and to hundreds of restaurants, bakeries, espresso places, etc. I never touched the cellophane wrapped pastries in my room, choosing to have coffee and breakfast at a nice Italian cafe.I chose a rear facing room but still heard loud industrial ventilation fans from a nearby building. Earplugs are a good idea for sensitive sleepers. Free parking in this part of San Francisco is almost unheard of, and is a great perk included with the room.I don't know where the average rate of $65 comes from, as $95 seems to be the minimum.	
Sep 17 2007	Great Value	Location Chinatown. Great food, easy access to MUNI. Not far from anything. Booked the junior suite with the King bed. Note: this is a motor inn, equivalent to Super 8. big in size clean, un- modern. But the Price could not beat it, plus it is right next to Italain district, so food is no problem. Staff very very nice. If we go back we will book our stay there again.	
Aug 13 2007 	good location!	We like this hotel because it's located right in the middle of China Town and we're surrounded by good, authentic, inexpensive chinese retaurants (and some Italian ones too). There's a Walgreen right around the corner within walking distance. Amenities are a bare minimum and the rooms are old but clean. We especially appreciate the hotel's flexibility in allowing a family of 5 to stay in one room without extra person charge. Parking is also free which is hard to come by in the heart of San Francisco. Cable car access is within walking distance. Rooms right up against the main street can be very noisy.	
Jul 14 2007	sleep cheap eat expensive	Hello all...my family has been staying at this hotel for YEARS. It is clean and has FREE parking and you can't beat the location. My husband and I have stayed at the Ritz-Carlton and it was wonderful, but we prefer the Royal Pacific for its location and it is so easy to walk anywhere you want to go in the city. My father used to travel to San Francisco quite often on business and always stayed at this hotel. When my family went in June, the kind gentleman at the front desk inquired if we were related to my father and asked about him. We informed the gentleman that he had passed away and he was so kind and had such nice things to say about him. This hotel is not the Ritz or the Four Seasons, but is is oh so much easier on the wallet and frees up more money to enjoy many of the fine dining options SF has to offer. In the immortal words of my late father, when in San Francisco...&quot;sleep cheap and eat expensive&quot; and that is what we did (and will continue to do)!	
May 14 2007 	Great location and the rooms are fine.	This hotel is called a motor inn, and that's exactly what it is. Don't expect any luxuries, but it's perfectly fine. It's in a FANTASTIC location, on the edge of Chinatown and North beach (the Italian quarter) and it's about half way between union square and the Wharf, so you're pretty much walking distance from everything. (but if you want to drive they also have free parking!!!) One warning I might have, is if you're booking with them, you should check what the story is with their air conditioning. There did seem to be one in the room, but it wasn't on. I have a feeling it's just cos you have to pay extra, but if you're there in the summer it would be quite important so check it out in advance. We were there late September so it didn't matter.Overall this place is absolutely fine. If you're fussy, go stay in a fancy schmancy hotel, but if you want a great location for a very reasonable price, stay here. (and for any animal lovers - there's also a COOOOL pet store accross the road!!! - I know not really a selling point but I had to go in and take a look and get a pressie for me little moggy!!)	
Oct 4 2006 	Great Location and free parking	[--]Hotel is located on the corner of Broadway and Columbus. It is right on the edge of Chinatown and walking distance from North Beach, Fisherman's Wharf and lots of bars and clubs. The downside is the traffic noise and crowded sidewalk. The hotel is clean and reasonably priced. The rooms are comfortable, but not spectacular. Pre-wrapped Danish and coffee are provided for breakfast. The biggest thing going for the hotel is free parking.	
Nov 9 2009 	Naja...gerade noch okay		
Nov 7 2009	Ein echtes Motel wie man es aus dem Fernsehen kennt.		
Aug 26 2008	Ottimo motel/hotel!!		
