	Great stay Great price Great location Great	This is my hotel of choice when I travel to the City. Great staff, Great room, Great service in a great location.	
	Nice hotel helpful staff	We stayed at the Hilton Union Square for five nights, over Thanksgiving. My husband is a Diamond HHonors member so check-in was easy. There was a conference going on in the hotel and it was packed. We were given a room (in Tower 3, I believe) on the 30th floor. The view was fantastic, we could even see the Golden Gate Bridge. This part of the hotel, however, seemed much older and the room was tiny. It was clean but more than a little worn. We were travelling with our two young children and with suitcases and strollers, etc. we could barely move. We had to shift items around just to open a suitcase. Seeing as the hotel was full we didn’t bother changing rooms the first night.The following day we requested a larger room and were upgraded to a King room in another tower, on the 10th floor. The new room was great, very large, with a more modern look. The only fault with the new room was that the shower had to run for a long time before you got even lukewarm water out of it.All of the staff members we encountered were wonderful. The Font Desk was very helpful. As HHonors members we had complimentary Continental breakfast which we upgraded for a full breakfast for $7 more. The breakfast wait staff was very friendly and helpful with our two kids, bringing fresh fruit and pancakes for them without our asking.We only had dinner in the restaurant Urban Tavern one evening, for the Thanksgiving prix fixe menu. The service was fine, and the meal good, except the main entrée would have been better well heated. The Starbucks in the Lobby was convenient for coffee and a small snack, but the lines some mornings was outrageous, and there is another Starbucks just down the street if you really need it. I usually love getting room service on vacation (to my husband’s dismay), but even I couldn’t justify a $24 club sandwich, before any taxes and service charges.One of the best things about the hotel was the location. There was great shopping and dining within walking distance and everything else was easily accessible with the nearby public transportation, which is good since the cost of parking is exorbitant.We had overall a very nice stay and would return, providing we could get one of the newer rooms.	
	great hotel great location. perfect for just relaxing in san fracisco	great hotel. it was clean, convenient and a great value. we had great views of the city and the room was nice. location was great- easy to get to the bart, and all the different sights. walkable to shopping and a ton of cool restaurants.	
	Best Front Desk Staff	I was staying at Hilton SF Union Square for two nites. The hotel is huge and definitely looks like a 5-star one in the region. The lobby is huge and the decor is nice. What impressed me the most is the front desk staff. She is the rare one who listened to customers' needs and was always with a smiling face. I feel very welcomed at this hotel and will definitely come back, not only because of the very nice room, but also because of the hospitality of the front desk staff.	
	Great place for a business traveler	I loved the fact that the hotel had a Starbucks inside the hotel. I didn't have to go chase down my morning coffee! The rooms were very clean and comfortable. I enjoyed my stay.	
	Best staff around	I stayed at the Hilton for a conference and needed to upgrade my room. The Hotel was full but not only did the staff at the front counter allow me to switch but gave me an incredible deal on an upgrade. The staff did not seem to have the word no in their vocabulary which is a rare treat. My room was a little small but the bed was comfortable. Overall I enjoyed my stay.	
	Nice hotel comfortable room convenient location	Very nice accomodations, clean room, attentive staff. When a problem with the bill arose, they took care of it - no questions. Parking is a little steep and if you can walk, cheaper around the block. And DONT touch the mini bar - $7 for bottled water - come on are you kidding?	
	Location Location. Location!	The hotel and it's staff were both nice, well equipped and comfortable. The location is wonderful, but the only negative were the panhandlers outside.....The same two in particular who seem to be on duty 24/7!!	
	Disappointing Stay	While I agree with other reviewers that the location is ideal, I was disappointed at my recent stay. Front desk staff was very unfriendly and not helfpful at all. I am a Gold Hilton Honors member and usually receive two complimentary breakfasts at the Urban Tavern; complimentary breakfast was a grande beverage and a pastry at Starbucks. In the past I have been treated to a nice continental sit-down breakfast in the Urban Tavern with hot oatmeal and fresh fruit and pastries. My room was in tower 3 with no view of the city at all; we could barely see the sky from our window. I was given a key to the mini bar, but there was no mini bar in the room. When I called customer service, the gentleman who answered the phone acted as though I were bothering him. The price would really have to be right in order for me to stay in this hotel again.	
	Wonderful accomodation	Special occasion -40th Anniversary - we were upgraded to junior suite in Tower 1 - fabulous room - fabulous view - couldn't have asked for more. Compliments to staff we dealt with particulary Mr. Mark Coulter. We'll be back!!!	
Nov 26 2009 	Convenient location	Easy access to lots of dining and shopping, easy checkout service.	
Nov 22 2009 	A pleasant urban downtown experience.	The Hotel is easy to get to from SFO. Take the BART ($8.10) right from the airport. It stops on Powell street only 2 blocks from the hotel. A car is not needed in this area (hotel parking is $50/day) as the muni and cable cars provide easily accessed, excellent public transportation. Tip: If you need a car you can rent one right across the street from the hotel for about $35.00 a day. Shopping opportunities abound in this neighborhood. The hotel has an excellent breakfast buffet in its Urban Tavern Restaurant and a nice workout facility ($15/day).	
Nov 20 2009 	Well Done	I typically shun convention hotels in favor of smaller properties. While there's not much to be done about the five mile long front desk and its airport check-in feel, the staffers do a nice job in making the hotel personable. Nice stay at this very big hotel.	
Nov 19 2009 	Great Location	My husband and I stayed at this hotel and loved the location. it is just a few minutes walk to macy's, Barney's, neiman marcus, gucci, saks,, Also many many restaurants around there. if you get to SF late at night, you can go to Burger Bar or cheesecake factory in macy's building. they are open till midnight. we went to the Burger bar, the best burger we have ever had,the rooms are spacious and clean. we stayed in the second tower.the parking is pretty expensive if you want to park at the hotel's parking. it was around 50 dollars per night! we ended up renting a car in the morning of one of the days we were there and returning it the same night. there is an enterprise just 10 minutes from the hotel that comes and picks you up and then you can drop the car any time you want at night in their 24 hours parking.the concierge was very helpful but it took us so long to get to talk to them due to long lines of people waiting to ask questions.overal, it was a good hotel with great location.	
Nov 17 2009 	Great location reasonable rates.	We were extremely pleased with our choice in the Hilton San Francisco Union Square. It was convenient to bus lines, BART station, trolley line, shopping, and restaurants. The room was comfortable in space, decor was appealing, and cleanliness was excellent. We were especially impressed with the kindness of the housekeeping staff. We would definately book a room here again if we are lucky enough to visit San Francisco again.	
Nov 17 2009 	Love it!	The hotel met all my business needs. I would recommend it any time. The only down side is that it does not have a recreation area for kids.	
Nov 14 2009 	Excellent Stay	We stayed at the Hilton for three nights. It is a very large hotel and we stayed in Tower 1 on the 9th floor. High enough to be isolated from the street noise and just a few seconds on the elevator. The room was modern with nice linen and the bathroom was very clean,It is, of course, convenient to Union Square and touristy fares but there many little eateries around that are great. Example: the Taylor Street Cafe just around the corner is a sliver of a place and serves a wonderful breakfast.Union Square seemed cleaner than my previous visits and there were very few beggars around Market Street and Halladie Plaza. So the immediate blocks around the hotel were fine,,( Remember, I said, &quot;Few beggars&quot;, not, &quot;None&quot;!!!)Check the Hilton website for a great rate and if you belong to HiltonHonors, there is a dedicated check-in, so there are no line ups to endure.Beware: Parking is very pricey.	
Nov 14 2009 	Overpriced and under-impressive	I will start by saying that the Staff at this Hotel are nothing less than fantastic. They are polite, helpful and accomodating.However, this place disappointed me very much. I expected Hilton Quality, instead I felt as if I was at a Quality Inn.The room was O....K....nothing to write home about. The shower did not work properly, 1/2 of the hot water ran out of the faucet and 1/2 came out of the shower. The Mini Bar was less than adequate and the cleanliness could have been improved.Walls are very thin, you can hear other guests cell phones ringing and alarms going off.Not to mention, at the bargain discount rate of $260 per night because I was attending a conference, the only thing I got for free was internet access. Normally this is $12-$15 per day. Also, how behind the times to NOT have Wifi in the room??? Only in the lobby!! Even the suites used for business didn't have WIFI and the cable connection was no where near the conference table... that is really a genius design!To use the fitness center cost me $15 per day but they gave a break, 3 days for $35. Great cardio equipment and lots of freeweights, but clumsy and outdated nautilus equipment.Not to mention...in the height of H1N1 season, no hand sanitizer or anything to wipe the machines with in the fitness center. Talk about a Petri dish of viral bacteria!!Room service? Better take out a 2nd mortgage on your home. 1st night in I ordered a sandwich to my room...Just a sandwich, no meat in it, just veggies....and a glass of water...$37.00 Last day I splurged and ordered breakfast in. Spinach omelet, home fries, toast, strawberries and coffee....ready? $67!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!It was highway robbery if you ask me. They should be ashamed of themselves.a Plus I will give the hotel is that the lobby and common areas do have hand sanitizer machines and there is a Starbucks in the lobby. Although it cost me $17 for a latte, water, banana and oatmeal, I will say that is pretty standard for Starbucks anyhow.the area is a bit on the rough side, so don't walk outside alone unless you enjoy being molested by Panhandlers. I would say save your reservation for the Marriott. A classy and well organized and clean hotel with free fitness amenities and reasonable fees for what you are getting.	
Nov 12 2009 	Everytime we are in SF this is where we stay.....	On our vacation my wife and I stayed here for 2 days starting on the 29th of May. We had a great time. The hotel was quite big. We were able to check in 3 hours early and had no issues at the hotel at all. The room was big enough for all our stuff and we had a great city view. We got coffee at the Starbucks in the hotel twice. Once was at 8am and there was like 20 people in line...the next day we went at 1030am and there was no one in line at all. We didn't eat at the restaurant in the hotel because we had too much stuff to do in SF since we were only there for 2 days. We will stay here again when we go back for SF next year. The location of the hotel is great, there was a great breakfast place one street down and Union Square is just 2 blocks to the right and 1 block over. Great Location. Oh...one more thing. It was a good thing we didn't have a car because parking at this hotel would have been more than the car rental price. It was like $45.00 per day to park in the garage and like $42.00 per day for valet. I would say if you are going to be in one area of SF it would be WAY easier to just cab it everywhere.	
Nov 10 2009 	Great Location with Friendliest Hotel Staff In The City	Been going to San Fran for years and wouldn't stay any place else and I've stayed at many nice hotels! Not only is it close to shopping and dining ,it's got some pretty good dining inside,too...The Urban Tavern has excellent food! But it's the staff that makes that hotel worth going back to! Couldn't help but notice lots of security there,too.As a woman,traveling alone,I would feel safe there.Also,from having gone to San Fran many times near Christmas,I think it is one of the most beautifully decorated hotels! But once again...it's the staff that brings me back!	
Nov 10 2009 	Hilton always meets my needs	As a Diamond VIP things go smoothly. Regardless, the people are always helpful, the rooms are comfortable and spacious. I truly enjoy the SPA and GYM.	
Nov 10 2009 	Great urban/business hotel	Top to bottom one of the best business hotels. Excellent fitness facility available at no charge for Hilton Honors travelers.Great location - easy to BART and the airport.	
Nov 10 2009 	Great Hilton and Great location	The staff was really great and the hotel was excellent. I usually stay at the Clift or Weston St. Francis and I was VERY happy with the Hilton. The steak restaurant (Urban??) was really good. The steak and fries combo was delicious! The beds were excellent. Pick up your extras (water and snacks). This is expensive, but not to be overshadowed by hte plusses.The gym is excellent as well!	
Nov 10 2009 	LOVELY place!	My friends and I stayed here over Halloween weekend and loved it. Everything was perfect. Beautiful hotel in a perfect location. It's super close to the shops so it was perfect. One tip... do not park in their structure unless you want to be charged up the a$$, it's $45. The one directly across the street from them is $30.	
Nov 9 2009 	An excellent large urban hotel in a great location	As a frequent traveler I appreciate a hotel that consistently meets my expectations for service and room appointments. Both the sleeping rooms and the public rooms are well designed. The staff are well trained in good customer relations and consistently speak to all guests. My only wish is that they would reopen the Executive Lounge. The closing of the lounge is a major disappointment.	
Nov 9 2009 	Great spa; nice rooms' conference areas too spread out	If you are attending a conference in this hotel, be prepared to do a lot of walking and moving between towers. It was too spread out for convience. The room we had was very nice and comfortable. Being in the Union Square area, however, meant looking across the street into another hotel room.	
Nov 9 2009 	Excellent service in an excellent location	I stayed at the Hilton for five days, as I was attending a conference on site. From the moment I walked in, it was evident that the service and staff would be exemplary. Although the layout of the facility was confusing (mulitple towers, etc.), the rooms, housekeeping staff, and overall experience were top notch!	
Nov 8 2009 	Non Disclosed charges	My wife and I stayed one night at this hotel and was charged $45.00 for parking in their parking structure. Not only is this obviously and extremely exorbitant, there was no disclosure of this charge ahead of time for the traveler. Unethical business practice.What we saved in a attractive room rate, the hotel more than makes up for in undisclosed charges. Shame on them!	
Nov 8 2009 	Good for a business trip	We traveled with my husband who was on a business trip. My 1-year old son came along with us. We were upgraded to a larger room; however, it still felt small compared to other &quot;family&quot; sized rooms. For a Hilton located in Union Square, I did expect the rooms to feel a little cleaner. Otherwise, location was great. While my husband was working I was able to walk everywhere with my son -- restaurants, shopping, museums, parks, etc. It was definitely a very busy hotel!	
Nov 8 2009 	The hotel will rape you if you are there for business	This hotel runs the biggest scam to get money out of your wallet. We checked ahead and found that it has a fed ex office in the hotel (the hotel brags too) BUT guess what...you pay a $25 charge ON TOP of your shipping costs for all shipments - which goes to the hotel. You ALSO have to pay $25 per package the hotel receives, handles, moves or brings to your your EACH TIME. The first night we had 3 well drinks in the lobby bar to relax - $36 plus he added 20% TIP. We were there for a large conference and they ran a special for breakfast with a special coupon ...$19.99- Wow what a deal. The hotel food that was provided for the conference was horrible. The service people ALWAYS had their hands out and were rude. If you want to flush your money down the toilet - then use this hotel. Otherwise look somewhere else.	
Nov 7 2009 	Great location - Comfortable - Resonable - All the amenities	I have stayed at this hotel an 6 times and keep coming back. Great Theater and shopping district location.. All the amentities you need for either business or pleaseure. Great staff.	
Nov 7 2009 	This hotel saved my vacation!!!	I had originally booked another hotel for my trip to San Francisco but it didn't work out so well. I called the Hilton reservation line, explained my situation and was quickly booked into a suite at the Hilton San Francisco Union Square. I quickly repacked my bag and set off for the property. When I arrived I was greeted by the most friendly and helpful staff!! A bellman secured my belongings until check in and the staff member at the concierge desk went well out of his way to assist me in making the days plans in my head a reality. The hotel is conveniently located with easy access to public and private transportation. Every imaginable type of food, entertainment and shopping is within a few blocks walk. The suites are nicely appointed and live up to the Hilton standards. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to San Francisco!! Thank you to everyone at the property for making my stay so enjoyable and stress free!!! You really did save my vacation!!	
Nov 5 2009 	Good Location But Not All Rooms Nice	This Hilton is in a great location near Union Square, Trolly, the Powell St. Train station stop, and great shopping. However, upon checking in I was giving a king bed, non-smoking room in Tower I, which smelled like smoke so I call the front desk who told me to come down to the front desk and I would give me a different room. So I drag my two bags downstair and wait in line again so I can be assigned another room. The attendant was very friendly and told me they didn't have anymore king size, non-smoking rooms available so he would have to put me in a two bed room. So I go to a different tower (I believe Tower II - where the gym is) and get into the room which is about a thousand years old, smell old, and so small that I could barely get my bags through the space between the beds and tv and table. I was so upset I wanted to check out and find a different hotel. I call the front desk again and once again was told to come to front desk. I drag my bags and wait in line again, and on the third time, I was finally given a room that was modern, didn't smell like smoke and spacious, but I was tired and having to drag my bags down to the lobby was very frustrating. I would recommend you request a room in the Tower I which are the renovated rooms if you choose this hotel. The front desk personnel were courteous and the location is great. There's no free internet, no wireless connection and no plasma TVs in the rooms. Wireless is available only in lobby areas, but at a fee.	
Nov 4 2009 	Great Conference Hotel.......Stay in Tower 1 upper floors for best view	Got a great deal: paid the state rate and then got upgraded to a jr suite in the best tower with the best view. The room was very large. It had a computer desk chair to die for. i loved to sit in it and just look out the huge picture window. Employees were friendly, my room steward was great. She took really good care of me the four nights I was there. The place is huge. I enjoyed it. Nice lobby and other features such as a Starbucks. Great conference hotel.	
Nov 3 2009 	Updated decor outdated honor bar	We stayed at the Hilton for a recent conference. The hotel was a great location for this conference. The staff were friendly and there was room to accommodate. Our room was nice, but some of the honor bar items were past dated. The cleaning staff were very nice and did a great job. With the amount of activity in and around the hotel, our room kept pretty quiet.	
Nov 3 2009 	Great Hotel	This was a great hotel. I was there for 7 days for a conference!!! I loved the clean room, and especially the glass shower... I recommend this hotel to anyone that's going to be in the San Francisco area!!! Two thumbs up	
Nov 3 2009 	Nice hotel drab room	Very weird room layout and looked drab even though it had a view. I expected better.	
Nov 2 2009 	wonderful business and personal travel experience	My needs were met, and then some. I received attention from the staff and all my questions were answered with courtesy and professionalism. I was asked if I wanted a room upgrade and got a room with magnificent view which I enjoyed every morning and in the afternoons between conference sessions as I went to my room to check on my office and respond to emails etc. The restaurant attached to the hotel was fabulous, and the staff there was very friendly and accommodating. The concierge was helpful when asked for recommendation for dinner and evening activities. All in all, i truly enjoyed my return visit to this hotel. I had been there 10 years ago on a family trip and enjoyed it just as much this time on business.	
Nov 2 2009 	It worked for the trip but would look into somewhere else to stay on my next visit	We chose this hotel because of its proximity to Union Square-the starting line for the NIKE Woman's Marathon. The hotel was filled with other race participants and was the hotel for one of the main sponsors for the race. I found the staff pleasant and the room suitable. I did think that the bathrooms were wierd with the toilet in the center of the room. I was surprised that they were not very accomodating to us for the race and denied us late checkout. The race started at 7 and we were hoping to shower after we got back. The majority of the other participants were not able to do late checkout either even though it was obvious that the rooms were not all going to be cleaned by 1pm. Other than the late checkout issue, it worked for the trip.	
Nov 1 2009 	Excellent Hotel...Excellent Service!	The Hilton San Francisco Union Square is an excellent hotel. I really enjoyed my stay there and would definitely recommend this hotel to others and I would most definitely stay there again!	
Nov 1 2009 	Good Location	Very expensive. The bathroom vanity was very small with little space for personal items.Rooms very clean and well stocked with coffee and teas.The housecleaning staff were very friendly and helpful.Enjoyed the whirlpool at the end of a busy day - would have liked to have a change area at the pool.	
Oct 31 2009 	perfectly located for downtown action	a nice hotel, but too big and therefore not everyone is as friendly as you would like!	
Oct 29 2009 	clean but they overbooked	the room was nice and clean, but when my colleague tried to check in, they could not find her reservation, then they did..seems they overbooked and booted several peoplenot the kind of thing you want while you are workingother than that, it was okay	
Oct 29 2009 	Clean hotel good service	I stayed here using hotel points. My experience with Hilton family hotels have been, overall, excellent. The only issues we had during this stay were minor. The creamer for my coffee (in the room) curdled even though it was not beyond the expiration date. Also, the water was VERY hot. A child could seriously get hurt. Could probably stand to turn down the temp a bit. We didn't get a newspaper delivered in the mornings, which didn't really matter to us; however, I think we were supposed to get one as &quot;Hilton HHonors&quot; guests.	
Oct 28 2009 	Favorite Hotel in San Francisco	I try to stay at this hotel for all my business trips because of the friendly and helpful front desk staff (Mike and Melissa in the PM shift, Audrey in the AM shift). They know hospitality and make me feel like I'm home away from home. On occasion, I've had to stay at other hotels in the city because the Hilton is booked with lots of conventions; but, I always return to the Hilton whenever possible.	
Oct 28 2009 	Convenient to the action	Very nice hotel with excellent amenities. Staff is friendly, helpful and the facility is immaculately kept.	
Oct 28 2009 	Great 3-day stay	Arrived in the midst of Womens Marathon mayhem (lobby was like Grand Central Station at rush hour) and still the gals at Hilton Honors check-in got us fixed up in no time. Our room was spotless (though a bit worn) and given the crowds downstairs quiet throughout the rest of the day and night. Internet was fast, reliable and affordable. I do agree with other reviews about the neighborhood, it's right on the edge of the Tenderloin district which is pretty seedy, but it is an easy area to navigate by foot, close to BART station, restaurants, shopping and the splendid SF Museum of Modern Art. Be sure to check out the park just across the street from MOMA, fabulous fountain. 25-minute walk on Market Street gets you to the wonderful Ferry Building; again great places to shop and eat. After a days worth of meetings, the Hilton Union Square was a super home away from home. If you can spare $40 be sure to grab a town car at the lobby entrance for your ride to SFO. Had us there in 20-minutes. We travel a lot for business, this Hilton was great! One minor nit to pick: room service is way too expensive, walk a few blocks to Lori's or Sears Fine Foods for breakfast at affordable prices.	
Oct 27 2009 	Easy	it was very easy to check in and everything was taken care of for me. very helpful staff.	
Oct 27 2009 	Nice Hotel	Hilton San Francisco Union Square was nice. Pretty much what you would expect from the Hilton brand -- nice rooms, clean, and great services.	
Oct 27 2009 	Very comfortable good service 	Except for a very prolonged wait to check in upon arrival late at night (i.e. 11 PM) when my wife and I were very tired after a transcontinental flight to attend a big meeting (that was known about obviously for months before!) when only 3 desk were checking in over 50 clients, the stay was very pleasant and worry free. Rooms were cleaned spotlessly as soon as you left and all the amenities, i.e. spa, pool, health facilities, Starbucks, were well located and fully equipped and in excellent condition. The hotel has several entrances giving it easy access and the staff is very courteous and quick to provide assistance. It's central location is difficult to beat at the price.	
Oct 27 2009 	Great Stay. Highly Recommended!	My wife and I came to this hotel with a large group from Team in Training to run the Nike Women's Marathon. We stayed Friday through Monday, and it was wonderful. The room had a new king size bed, gorgeous shower, and enough space to be comfortable. Those at Check-In and Concierge are extremely helpful and quick. Having a Starbucks in the lobby was a God-send as we had to be up at 3:30am. Moreover, this Hilton is within walking distance of Union Square and the nearby mall. Restaurants and shopping abound. As for the Fisherman's Wharf and the Piers, they are merely a short ride away on the F-line. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 26 2009 	good view	i got this room with reward point.. when i got there, i was able to upgrade my room for higher floor with free internet acess and breakfast at starbucks for two very nice view. i was able to see golden gate bridge we loved the jet spa bathtub good experience in there!	
Oct 26 2009 	Cold shower but they did what they could to help	I always stay here because of the location. My room was a bit small but since I just needed a place to sleep and stash my luggage, it was fine.I woke up on day 3 to no hot water. While this is disappointing, they were accomodating, credited me a portion of my bill and offered to move rooms.One thing that is disappointing is the fact that you have to may to workout if you are not a silver honors member. We pay a lot for these hotels - you want me to pay $15 to workout?	
Oct 25 2009 	Outdated Hotel with hidden costs	Paid for the &quot;Sound Room&quot; which was nothing more than a HD 42' flat screen with only a center speaker. Was charged $15 to use their gym. Why pay for 4 star hotel and still get charged for gym use? Carpet made me feel like a bad Vegas Hotel. No wireless internet in rooms.	
Oct 25 2009 	Unfortunately not the Hilton experience I'm used to.	Despite being a silver VIP HH member - actually Gold but that had not registered yet - I had a closet of a room, the front desk staff were not helpful in regard to internet access, the overall experience was not a typical Hilton experience. It was horrible.	
Oct 23 2009 	Great place.	The hotel was great. I had a room with a great view. The food and service at the hotel for the conference were outstanding. Everyone was very helpful and friendly. It's a very busy hotel. My room was very clean, quiet, and comfortable. It was a great base to attend an excellent conference and to explroe the city.	
Oct 23 2009 	Can't go wrong! Good all around (embeytas)	Well positioned in Union Square and good location to sightsee San Fransisco. Lots of restaurants bars and entertainment around and shopping. Can walk to Little China (China Town) and Fisherman's warf. Great views from the top of the hill to the water and Golden Gate Bridge.	
Oct 22 2009 	Great Hotel	Overall it's a beautiful hotel. The only real complaint I have is that it's not equiped with all the electronic amenities as many hotels are these days. Wireless internet is only available in hotel common areas. To connect to the internet in your room, you have to plug in. TVs are dated and are not flat screen/LCD/plasma. Aside from that we had a great room with a fabulous view of the city. Housekeeping and other staff members were very friendly. Starbucks opened early on race day for all the runners in the area. Continental breakfast is awesome and includes a grande drink of your choice, pastry, water/soda/juice, and fruit!!! Couldn't ask for much more!!	
Oct 22 2009 	Very Nice Stay	This was my third or fourth stay at this property and it was very pleasant. We were upgraded to a Junior Suite (very large and nice). It's disappointing that the Executive Lounge is now closed, but the $7 offer for HHonors members for the buffet breakfast was a pretty good value. The location is great as it's so close to Union Square. Just make sure you don't head in the wrong direction from the hotel and end up in the Tenderloin district.	
Oct 22 2009	Central location and very friendly staff!	I stayed with a large group for the Nike marathon. We had the lobby and all open areas constantly packed and the staff seemed to keep up with us at all times. You can easily walk to Union Square and many of the sites as well as Muni/BART.	
Oct 21 2009 	Excellence in all regards!	The only possible complaint is the sheer size of the property made participating in the conference require more walking than I would have preferred.Service was outstanding. Quality unsurpassed.	
Oct 21 2009 	very nice at discounted rate	stayed one night,, at pre-paid rate,, staff friendly, quick check in and out,,, room clean even under desk area,,no dust anywhere...quiet room didnt hear any outside noise with window closed,, center of everything,, trolley and really god 50's style diner called lori's.stuff in fridge a little pricey but we never use any of that stuff,, bring our own stuff,, the free toiletries were nicer than ,ost hotels.. overall would definately stay again, excellent stay and staff,, thank you	
Oct 21 2009 	Beautiful hotel incredible views family friendly	Upon entering the hotel, we were struck by its grandeur, as well as the security. It was extremely busy and too early to check in. Our bags were taken into storage and we were free to explore the city. Upon check in, our bags were quickly delivered to our room. The hotel room had a spectacular view of the bay and Union Square. The room was big, for a city hotel. Very clean. Staff always friendly and helpful. Loved having both a starbucks and restaurant in the hotel. We had two complimentary breakfasts each morning with our package. Concierge was helpful, there was a complimentary computer/printer for flight check in/printing boarding passes. No wait Taxi and Town car service. We knew people staying in other hotels near Union Square. When they visited the Hilton, they said they wished they were staying here. We visited the heated pool and whirlpool on the 16th floor. Very nice facility. Free high speed internet! Excellent service and stay!	
Oct 21 2009 	it's good but it had better be for the price!	Stayed here for a conference. If you're a first time stayer- there is coupon for free internet in the lobby, but the code also worked on the &quot;wired&quot; internet in the room. It's a big place, be prepared to do some walking to get anywhere! Rooms were nice, but not really fabulous. Lobby was very nice. Starbucks in the lobby as well as a restuarant on site. Lots of rooms for conferences and they were great too. The work out room was very, very nice. Normally there is a charge to use the workout room, but free to Hilton Honors members (hint: if you're not a Hilton Honors member, sign up for free order to save $15 to use the work out room). There is an outdoor pool and hottub on the top of one of hte upper floors. Pool was kind of small for an outdoor pool, but hot tub looked nice. Outside of the hotel you'll likely to run into lots of homeless people sleeping in the streets or asking for hand outs.There are lots of restaurants to choose from in good walking distance. If you just want to pick up some snacks or beer, turn left as you leave the hotel. The liquer store to the left charges about 50% of the price of the liquer store to the right. Nice place to stay, and interesting, but I thought pricey even with the &quot;discounted&quot; conference rate.	
Oct 20 2009 	Nice Hotel Nice Location Nice Price Park off site	Hotel is very nice, located close to many attractions, shopping, dining, parking can be a little costly, may want to consider parking next door for a savings	
Oct 20 2009 	Great hotel for a large group!	I stayed at the Hilton San Francisco as part of the Team in Training group in town for the 2009 Nike Women's Marathon. The hotel was centrally located to the start line and all the weekend's events. Hotel staff were helpful and friendly, the room was lovely, and they did a fantastic job of seamlessly accomodating thousands of TNT'ers all at once. Our victory party was also held on the premesis and they did a great job managing that as well. Great experience! Would definitely recommend for any large group or convention.	
Oct 19 2009 	Accomodated our means perfectly	The rooms were very clean, nicely kept, and the hotel was located in a central location. You were able to walk almost anywhere, the staff was extremely friendly, and the hotel as a whole was exceptionally clean!! I would stay there again any time!	
Oct 19 2009 	Clean friendly and convenient	If you have a business meeting near downtown San Francisco, I would highly recommend that you stay at the Hilton Union Square. The hotel is immacuately clean, the staff are extremely friendly, and the location is very convenient to downtown.	
Oct 19 2009 	Wonderful experience	Clean rooms. Wonderful bed/linens. Excellent location. I'd stay there again. great restaurant/club on site.	
Oct 19 2009 	Fine Stay	Great front desk and concierge experience.Room was what you'd expect.Lobby has a great atmosphere.	
Oct 17 2009 	Refuse a room next to the elevator shaft.	Refusing a room next to the elevator shaft may seem elementary, but I was stuck with one because the hotel was full. The right most elevator plays a low C and a high G# on its way past my room. The other two have noisy cables and brakes. They run all night.This is a fine old hotel in an excellent location. The service is mostly friendly, if harried. The rooms in the old section where I stayed were comfortable and clean. My room had no room safe. I was forced to use the safe deposit boxes behind the front desk. The desk was always three deep, and I had to wait for a long time deposit and retrieve my laptop. The lobby is wide open and has a friendly atmosphere for chatting. The meeting rooms are large, numerous and well-appointed, if a bit over-air conditioned. Bring a sweater if you have to sit in meetings.The hotel has a very nice-looking roof-top (outdoor) pool and jacuzzi. There are a lot of other hotels in Union Square with lower room rates. I wouldn't rush to stay here again.	
Oct 15 2009 	Good hotel and excellent location	We debated between Union Square and Fisherman's Wharf area. The Hilton at Union Square was a great choice. We walked to Fisherman's Wharf one night - About 40 minutes (my Husband was ready to kill me!! - With the hills it was quite the workout) We took a cab back for $10.00. The Hilton is right in the centre of everything, so it was easy to connect to transportation to take you where you wanted to go. We took the BART from the airport to Powell station and wheeled our suitcases a few blocks to the hotel. SUPER easy. The room was standard - Ours overlooked the pool and was next to the elevators. I am a light sleeper and could hear the elevators all night so she(AUDREY at the front desk -AWESOME!) moved us no problem. We did have some other minor concerns that we brought up with the people at the front desk but the rest of them are young and don't really care. That was our only complaint. Oh, and the pool area was looking like it needed a makeover. We were very impressed that the hotel was checking people in 24 hours a day. Whether you arrived at 8 a.m. or 8 p.m., they had a room ready, so noone had to wait unitl 3 p.m.. All in all what you would expect from a Hilton.	
Oct 14 2009 	Solid Hotel Good Value	Centrally located with very good value. The staff was very friendly and willing to assist me. I would recommend this hotel anyday.	
Oct 12 2009 	Very Convenient to Everything	We just spent the weekend at this hotel. The hotel is minutes away from shopping at Union Square and about a 15 minute easy walk to Ferry Market Place. The Bart station is about a 5 minute walk. There are plenty of restaurants close by.Being in downtown the rooms are a little small. I almost felt that I was in Europe with the size of the room and the bathroom. However great lighting in the rooms and comfortable beds with great linen and Crabtree and Evelyn toiletries. My only comment to whoever designed the rooms-light from the hallway seeps into the room and the bathroom doors are a frosted glass so if your partner turns the light on in the bathroom you are going to see the light.Internet access is $13.00 and they do not have wireless which is a pet peeve of mine-why do I have to sit at the desk. Their business center is in Kinko's which is lame as there is not 24 hour access.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Stay in San Francisco	Got a good deal on this hotel and it was worth it. The decor is very nice of this hotel and the location is just perfect. The also have an outdoor pool and a jacuzi.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Hotel Close to Union Square and Public Transportation	My partner &amp; I stayed here the last week of September/first week of October for four nights. We had a room in Tower 1 on the 35th floor which had fanastic views of the city and the Golden Gate Bridge. The rooms were small but adequate and very clean. I am a Hilton Diamond VIP Member so we received free breakfast which was a great bonus. I would recommend this hotel because it is centrally located to shopping and public transportation.	
Oct 9 2009 	sf hotel experience	Hotel is very nice, close to all the shopping attractions. Everything was within walking distance. Bad thing, parking was expensive. But if you shop around, you can find parking cheaper..	
Oct 9 2009 	Excellent!	The best part of the hotel is its location. You are in the middle of Union Square where there are tons of restaurants, all within walking distance. Shopping and people watching, exploring the city by hailing a cab, jumping onto a cable car, or taking a Muni to all San Francisco's attractions.....the list goes on. The hotel itself is very beautiful and the staff/concierge always friendly and helpful. Restaurant and Starbucks downstairs convenient for morning/afternoon pick me up. I would definitely stay there again, especially in December when the city is decorated in Christmas magic!	
Oct 9 2009 	Excellent hotel in a wonderful location.	We had a wonderful stay at the Hilton. It is a beautiful hotel with very nice rooms. The only negative was a fire alarm that went off in the hotel for a significant amount of time.	
Oct 9 2009 	hotel for the youngconvenient and close to shops and restaurants	this hotel sends a message that all federal and county employees could stay in a nice hotel, for business and leisure trips. The lobby is very inviting and is warm and cozy. It is nice to socialize with friends in here especially if you came in as a group and needed to touch base with one another. The room is clean. I would have prefered to have gotten a better view of the city rather than being in the back overlooking another part of the hotel, The refrigerator did not have a key and was inaccesible. There was no beverage or ice machine in our floor. There was no vending area for quick snacks. Overall , the hotel is in a convenient location and is in the center of the heartbeat of San Francisco, the Ubion Square.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Hotel In San Fran	I was in town on business further North (Pleasanton) and decided to extend my stay and check out San Francisco. I'm a Hilton Honors member so I thought this would be a good pick. For the money (about $250 per night) it was a good deal. Rooms were spacious. I had my sister and 3 month old baby with me. They took care of us. Place was spotless. One drawback was that it wasn't exactly in Union Square. I had a car and drove several blocks to the actual union square. Also - about 5 steps in the wrong direction and you were in a very, very bad area. My nephew who lives there told us it wa a good part of town but just don't turn left when you walk out of the building. Right turn only. Overall for the money and the space it was a good deal,	
Oct 8 2009	Would stay there again - especially at $99 price!	Hotel was very comfortable and well maintained and convenient for my first visit to San Francisco. It abuts the tenderloin, so gets seedy nearby, but I felt reasonably safe getting around on foot. The only thing I was sorry to see was that they charge a daily fee to use the gym. At that price I would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Visit again - it was a great stay	Hotel Staff were very pleasant and happy to help us out with everything we needed. We don't travel very often but would stay again in a heart beat.I was impressed with the quality of the room. We were almost near the top and enjoyed the view from the window.Centrally located to everything. We visted for 5 nights or so - wish I would have stayed longer.	
Oct 8 2009 	Very Central Location	The location of this hotel was perfect, very close to the BART, Cable Cars and great shopping. I've been to San Francisco many times and have always stayed with friends in the Bay area so I really enjoyed being right in the middle of the city. Hotel was clean and they had a surprisingly great restaurant for dinner downstairs. Though there are many restaurants nearby, their hotel restaurant can definately compete, great for dinner, but too overpriced for breakfast. I would definately stay here again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Clean Rooms Great Location Good Service	Great Location near most must-see sights including China Town and Little Italy. Rooms were small but clean. Service was good. Breakfast buffet was delicious but pricey.. kids however are $7. Many bums near and around hotel area but this is common in most big city downtown areas. Pool was small and crowded however was very warm even in cold weather. Rooms were cleaned often and quickly. Would stay again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Excellent room and service but oh so small	The Hilton was in a great location. Clean and nice, the room was tiny! Two adults and two oldish children in the room was too much! Expensive everything. $10 for bottled water? But, of course, everything we needed was around the corner at a pharmacy for one tenth the cost. Internet in room was extra and inconsistant.Recommend, but be careful, everything adds up.	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice hotel with a good access to Union Square- but you'll need a car or taxi if you want to explore	This Hilton is apparently the largest hotel on the West Coast. It really doesn't seem this big, as the lobby sized like most comparable hotels. However, there are two towers that hold many, many rooms. The lobby could use some updating, as it feels kind of 1980ish, however, it is nice enough. We didn't utilize the Starbucks, but that is definitely a perk. We wish their would have been more seating in the lobby, as we like to people watch after a day of exploring, but every seat was taken by 7 or 8 p.m. The rooms were fine, but were more outdated and smaller than most Hiltons I've stayed in. The location is perfect if you are simply in San Francisco to see a show or two and hit the department stores, as Macy's, Nordstrom, etc. are all close by. However, if you are planning on spending a majority of your time at Fisherman's Wharf, I'd pick a hotel by the Wharf. While we felt safe wandering around the Wharf at night, the area around this Hilton is a little sketchy, and I wouldn't advise anyone walking around after 11 if you're just looking for something to do.	
Oct 8 2009 	Located in the heart of Union Square	This hotel was HUGE! I went for a bachelorette party and this hotel was perfect: it had a great hot tub, was in a prime location with walking distance to restaurants and clubs, and fit a lot of girls into the rooms. There was also a drug store across the street which was convenient for the next morning. Parking was extremely expensive though - try finding a lot to park at nearby.	
Oct 7 2009 	Quality hotel in great location	Although we arived at the hotel at 9:30 AM, we were able to check in for both our rooms. The front desk staff was extremely accomodating. The rooms were clean, well appointed and large for a city hotel. The beds were very comfortable. The rooms were quiet. The hotel was in easy walking distance of the cable cars, BART, trollies and a variety of restaurants. The concierge was able to make good recommendations for locations for dinner. He also provided good driving directions when we were ready to head to Sonoma. We were able to get a great pay-in-advance room rate, so the hotel was an excellent value.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great hotel	Location and service were very good. Great area, lots of restaurants, close to all attractions and center	
Oct 6 2009 	Excellent value in San Francisco	We stayed at this hotel after getting a good bid on Priceline. We ended up paying less than $100 a night for this hotel even after taxes and what not were added on.This is a very large hotel that takes up a whole city block. It reminds me of the chain monstrocities in other large tourist cities. There are several towers and it is a very long walk down the corridors to the room. I don't think there's much they can do about that, it's just a giant hotel.The lobby is gigantic as well and quite crowded, with everyone from businessmen/women attending a convention to tourists. There is a Starbucks in the lobby which is nice so you can have coffee and a pastry for breakfast (I don't need a giant breakfast).The location of this is perfect - it is a block or two away from Powell Street which has the cable cars that go to the Embarcadero and very close to Market Street which is the main thoroughfare of San Francisco.However, it is only a block or two from the &quot;Tenderloin&quot; which is a high crime area. It didn't scare me though because SF is a relatively safe city.The room itself is reasonably spacious, the bed is comfortable, and the bathroom is standard. Overall, for the price this was a good deal.Note that parking is expensive. Find another pay lot somewhere closeby!	
Oct 3 2009 	Great hotel - great rooms - great staff	Typical high qulity Hilton Hotel, we piad a bit more for the Sound and Vision rooms...Food in the restaurant is very very good and so is the Starbuck in the lobbyIts pretty expensive but worth it !	
Oct 2 2009 	Perfect Location!	Rooms are small but what do you expect in a big city right in the middle of town?..	
Oct 1 2009 	Prepare to pay extra for everything	The only thing good with this hotel would be the location. However there are numerous hotels in the area which will be better options than the Hilton San Francisco Union Square.Things you need to pay extra for:1. Parking2. Internet3. Use of the fitness center4. Breakfast 5. To use the internet in the business center/fedex kinko's6. To print in the business center/fedex kinko's7. To deliver packages sent to the hotel (regardless of size, delivery charge is $3 per package)8. To borrow plates from room service (rate is $1 per plate)Never been to a hotel that charged these ridiculous fees. They should not claim to have a hotel business center when the business center is actually space that they leased out to a third party that services the general public. The room was alright, bed was comfortable but interiors were tired. Bathroom amenities were crabtree and evelyn, quite nice.	
Oct 1 2009 	Mediocre	We stayed here for 3 nights while visiting family in San Francisco. I cannot complain about the price, as we got the room for a steal with priceline. And we were lucky to get upgraded to a room with 2 double beds, which was a relief since we had our 3 young children with us. The room was small and average; nothing special. It was clean enough, although we found some old socks under the bed and had to request clean glasses. The lobby was crowded at all times. The front desk staff were very pleasant and helpful; the parking garage staff were definately not. We enjoyed the rooftop pool, especially the hot tub. I would choose another property if I stay in San Francisco again.	
Oct 1 2009 	Would definitely stay here again.	We stayed here for four nights and were very pleased. The room was well kept, the bathroom large for a downtown hotel, and the staff was pleasant. We found the concierge service to be particularly helpful. The location is a short walk away from Union Square and Powell Street, where public transportation connections can be made to just about anywhere. Multiple car rental agencies are located directly across the street from the hotel, which is convenient. We would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Sep 27 2009 	Spotless Mega Hotel Good Location IF...	IF you want to be near Union Square, with its hordes of tourists, homeless beggars and very few good restaurants, and IF you like a huge, rather impersonal hotel with exhorbitant rates, then this is a good choice. It is spotless, has great views (from my 25th floor room), most of the amenities you'd want (although the in-room coffee maker was missing its carafe and there is no robe), and the services that I required (a flower vase is all I can think of that I requested) were provided promptly. The room-service breakfast is ridiculously expensive ($35 for an omelette), with 22% gratuity added and a $5 delivery charge. In-room internet is $12.50 instead of $9.99, the most I have ever paid in any hotel, including in New York. I have stayed in good hotels in all the major cities ot this nation, and have never seen 22% gratuity added to a room service bill. But overall, this hotel is modern, well-located, and well-run. My preference: the Palace Hotel, which is quieter, a little out of the way, and nearer to the museum quarter.	
Sep 26 2009 	We have stayed here more than once.	We have stayed here two or three times and it is always nice. Whenever there have been any problems the management works to solve them in a friendly and professional manner. The rooms are comfortable. We stayed here before we had a kid and really liked it. Now that we have a little one it is probably not the best choice just because the room didn't have a mini kitchen but we were able to get (for an extra fee) a mini fridge. This is so close to shopping and restaurants and there are always cabs ready at the door. My hubby went to a conference here that was well done. This place is well managed from what the customer sees.	
Sep 26 2009 	OK but not 4 star	The rooms are a reasonable size (we got a double - 2 queens) and the staff are friendly and helpful. Our first night there we were woken at 6:30am with a noise (loud banging) which went for around an hour. When we reported this to the front desk we were told it was someone checking out. There was a room service tray left out on the floor down the hall for around 24 hours which we had to walk past several times and I know this may sound picky but one of the 2 drinking glasses left in our room had a was chipped and cracked - not what you'd expect from a Hilton Hotel. If I had paid $99 per night like other people had reported these things wouldn't bother me but we payed over double that and expect a little more - have stayed in other better priced Hilton Hotels and been much more satisfied	
Sep 25 2009 	Great stay!	Stayed here for the weekend to celebrate our anniversary (4 years of wedded bliss). Flew into SFO and took the BART to the Powell Station (1/2 hour ride from SFO). It was an easy 2-3 blocks to walk to the hotel from the BART station. Very convenient to know that the BART was that close. Walked into the hotel and we stepped into a very large lobby containing plenty of chairs and sofas to sit on as well as Starbucks and the hotel restaurant, Urban Tavern. We got there very early in the morning so we stored our bag in the storage room. Walked around to see the city and then got back to the hotel around 2:30 pm. Check in was very easy and and we went to our room. Must say that the room was very small, probably the size of a large walk-in closet. Had a small window with a view of a rooftop. Bathroom was very small, but functional for what we needed. Bed was large and comfy (king size of course). Although the room was small, it was adequate for us since we were out and about touring the city most of the day. Also the hotel is only 2 blocks away from Powell Street which is where you get in the hustle and bustle of Union Square with the cable car, crowds, stores and other hotels. Overall, we enjoyed our stay and would stay here again.	
Sep 25 2009 	Great Location	This is a huge hotel. However it works really well. Staff are pleasant and efficient; rooms are clean and well-serviced (though standard rooms are not particularly large or special). Concierge service is very useful and the location ( a couple of blocks from Powell St cablecar and Union Square) is good.Beware of the buffet breakfast which, though excellent, is unbelieveably expensive. (Surprisingly, dinner in the same room - The Urban Tavern - was reasonably priced and very good.) Starbucks in the lobby is expensive too - there's a normally priced one a block away.	
Sep 24 2009 	Nice room great price.	My room was very clean. The staff was very nice and helpful. We had a quick check in and check out. It was one block away from union square and just a 3 minute walk from the cable cars and other public transportation. For the price I paid, I couldn't complain.	
Sep 24 2009 	This may sound like love letter to the Hilton but it is genuine.	My husband I stayed at the Hilton San Francisco Union Square from September 16th thru the 20th. I cannot rave enough about how great this hotel is and how hard they worked at making our stay enjoyable. This may sound like love letter to the Hilton but it is genuine. The hotel is in a fantastic location Union Square is the shopping district, close to China town and the trolley. The hotel itself is lovely and clean. The foyer is large and welcoming with many comfortable chairs and seating areas. From check in to check out we received excellent, friendly and knowledgeable customer service from everyone there. When we checked in the woman at the front desk asked us if we ever stayed at their hotel and we said “no” approximately three hours later we received a call from the manager of the hotel asking us how the service we received was, how we liked our room and if there was anything they could do for us please don’t hesitate to ask. We relied on the concierge more than once to direct to great food and entertainment and they never let us down. The room was nicely appointed with comfortable furniture and very clean. The service we received should be the standard for all hotels this is one of the best experiences we have had at a large or small hotel and we will definitely stay there again. I absolutely recommend this hotel to any traveler heading to San Francisco.	
Sep 23 2009 	Good experience.	This was a one night stay to attend &quot;South Pacific&quot; which was at the Golden Gate Theatre down the street. I had booked several weeks ago on the Hilton website and was able to obtain a very good rate of $99. I usually like to stay at a boutique style hotel but several months ago I was in SF during a heat wave and the smaller hotels do not always have air and it was not a good night. We arrived at 11:00 am and as with any large hotel the line for check in was long. It did move quickly and the room to my surprise was ready for checkin. It was on the 8th floor, no view, but did have the all important air conditioning, it was again an unusual warm day in San Francisco and the cool air was much appreciated. I did take advantage of the parking garage directly across the street and saved $$ in overnight parking. I would stay again if the price was right.	
Sep 23 2009 	Ok experience - very busy hotel	My boyfriend and I started our California &quot;adventure&quot; in San Fran at the Hilton. The location is central for all the touristy things (like staying in Times Square in NYC). The hotel is VERY busy with meetings and conventions - not a relaxing lobby what-so-ever. Check in was easy when we arrived early (around 11am) and a room was ready for us which we were thankful for. We didn't eat at the hotel at all but found little diner's for breakfast just up the street (tourist traps though, very pricey) and we asked the conceirge of the Japanese Hotel next door for a recommendation for Sushi - go to Sakanna, cutest little place and great food and service. The pool is small and the jacuzzi was fine - average at best - with nice chairs. The rooms - could use an upgrade and the pillows weren't that comfortable but thats a matter of preference I guess. p.s. take warm clothes - this is a chilly city!	
Sep 23 2009 	Nice Hotel - Centrally Located	This hotel was very nice overall. Definitely better service if you are a member of Hilton Honors for check-in (no line). Helpful concierge services. Room was supposed to be non smoking, but smelled like smoke. Otherwise room was comfortable and clean. Room service was WAY too expensive (i.e. $21 for a bagel), but the food at their restaurant was very good and reasonable.	
Sep 22 2009 	Great stay at great price	Great Hotel. Fabulous room. great attention to detail from crown molding to coffe maker to outlets in lamps. Great day trip to Sausalito on Ferry. Ate breakfast at Dottie True Blue Cafe just up street. Outstanding. Great there early. Parking and Room service and mini bar prices are obscene. C'mon Paris.	
Sep 21 2009 	Great hotel good location	We found a great deal for this hotel on Travelocity.Great hotel, just off Union Square. Easy access to public transport, shopping, restaurants, ...The only minor point I have is the internet access. Wi-fi access should be free of charge (wi-fi is only available in lobby - to be paid). High speed internet (cable) is available in the rooms for $5,95 (1 hour)	
Sep 20 2009 	Comfortable / Great Location	Weekend getaway to SanFran.Room was small but clean and comfortable considering you don't spent much time in the room. Location is idea - 3 block to Market St, BART, dozens of restaurants and a pleasant walk to the Harbor for a Ferry.Internet access is not complimentary - runs about $15/day.I would definitely stay at this hotel again, although we will be staying at the Hilton closer to China Town next time so we can explore the other half of the city.	
Sep 20 2009	Great hotel location and value	My two sisters and I stayed four nights and had a great time. There was a bit of a line to check in when we arrived, but we were two hours early and just dropped off our luggage and went for a leisurely lunch. When we did check in, they comped us an upgrade on our room because there were three of us, and the clerk said we would be more comfortable in a bigger room. The room was on the 8th floor and very nice. The bathroom was large, the queen beds very comfortable, and the service outstanding. When we called various times and requested more glasses, cups, and a replacement iron, everything was brought right away, and then housekeeping called back to make sure we had received what we requested. The location of this hotel was very convenient to Union Square, cable cars, and buses. The prepaid Internet reservation was an outstanding value.	
Sep 20 2009 	Great location great hotel great time.	Very clean, loved the location and there were great bath products for use.	
Sep 18 2009 	fantastic location close to Maket st  chinatown and easy transport to haight ash castro golden gate park fishermans	very handy location and good value when booked online on bookings.comclose to great shops, chinatown, the fabulous gold dust lounge for $3.50 margueritas, market st transport, ross's dress for less, bus/tram to haight ash, castro, fishemans wharf and even a block and a half up o'farrell st in to the tenderloin to the laundromat with bizarre icecreams flavours and internet and a slice of life in the tenderloin...homeless hang out	
Sep 17 2009 	comfortable room and hotel with absolutely convenient access to Bart cable cars and buses	We were on a college tour visit to San Francisco. We had arrived on the last Bart train into the city from the airport. We felt comfortable walking the 3 blocks to the hotel even this late at night.Our room was very comfortable, with plenty of amenities. The check-in and out went very smoothly and staff were helpful. We had gotten an absolutely fine deal of $99/night, which I thought was wonderful for a city like San Francisco.We were able to get to our college tours by bus or by Bart. WE had time to explore the city, enjoying the cable cars, the proximity of many city sites in walking distance, and the museums were nearby. The only thing we didn't find close by was a nice but not fancy breakfast restaurant in the neighborhood.I would definitely stay again at this price.	
Sep 13 2009 	Good Location But....	Great Location . Easy access from BART .As a Hilton Gold we were disappointed the executive floor was closed .Fees for Internet are too high , and free WiFi in Lobby has been removed.Come on guys even Super 8 has free Wi Fi !Besides the lack of free or reasonably priced internet and high cost of parking ( there are several cheaper parking options within a block of the hotel ) Its a good option if you dont pay rack rates .	
Sep 12 2009 	Very Convienient	Great location for being in the shopping area of San Fran. BART is close by and so is the cable car. The lobby of the hotel is very nice and spacious. Checking in was a breeze. Rooms are decent but kind of small but expected for a city hotel. Not a bad stay at all and would stay again.	
Sep 12 2009 	Standard upscale corporate/convention property with good rates for government travel	This is reputed to be one of the largest hotels on the west coast. It occupies a full city block sitting between the edge of the Union Square area and the Mission District. Rooms and ameneties are typical of a convention hotel, i. e., nice albiet dull rooms and everything carries a price tag. Unless you're a Hilton silver elite, you pay $15 to use the health club. No free wireless and that includes the public areas. However, my government rate was $140 a night, and that is difficult to beat for San Francisco for this quality level.	
Sep 11 2009 	Good accomodations in great location	I booked my reservation through Priceline's &quot;Name Your Price&quot; for $90 a night plus roughly $20 in fees. Note that parking in this area costs an additional $48 a day, so be sure to include that in your plan. The hotel is very comfortable with well-outfitted rooms and bathrooms. I especially appreciate the high-quality comfortable mattress and effective air conditioning in the room. We did notice that you could hear muted conversations from an adjacent room, but the sound was so faint that it really wasn't a problem. My only negative observation is that the room was a little bit stale, presumably because there aren't openable windows on this high-rise hotel.	
Sep 10 2009 	Hilton service going down hill	Beware - they refuse reservation changes!I made reservations directly with Hilton, not through Expedia or any other website. When I purchase a reservation direct, I expect reasonable service &amp; acommodations. I wanted to change my reservation by 1 day. Hilton refused to help me, and refused to refund or rebook my stay. I even offered to pay a higher rate, but the front desk andcorporate 800 number both told me I could not change my reservation.When I book directly with a hotel, I expect basic service. This is unacceptable. I will avoid Hilton for all future trips.	
Sep 8 2009 	Perfect location very comfortable quiet and large room	We spent two nights in Union Square to celebrate our daugther's 16th B-day. Room #1700 was perfect for us. Beds were very comfy. With a large couch (sleeper sofa), it was a nice retreat from the busy SF streets. Hotel is easy to get to with parking garage right across for guest who joined us for the day.	
Sep 7 2009 	Expected More As Hilton Honors Member	My family and I have stayed at some world class Hilton Hotels. Even in smaller cities, we are used to receiving certain benefits for being repeat customers - a nicer room, access to a lounge, and a nice breakfast. We didn't experience any of that at this hotel. There was no Honors floor. There was no lounge. There was no nice breakfast. The hotel used to give a full breakfast to Honors members, but after a recent renovation, they dropped this benefit. Pretty much all we received was a bottle of water and a certificate to Starbucks. The line to Starbucks was so long, we had to wait 15 minutes for a cup of coffee and a pastry. After three days of pastries, we would have liked a full breakfast. Perhaps they could have allowed us to use the dollar value of the voucher towards the cost of breakfast at their restaurant. Needless to say, although the location was ideal, we were very disappointed in this hotel and we don't think we will stay here again.	
Sep 7 2009 	Gem Location	great location with all immenties, have stayed in frisco many mnay time and just found this gem of a location, nice and clean, parking a little pricey, food and drinks at urban eats affordable.	
Sep 7 2009 	Great hotel near the heart of town	This was a great hotel to stay in for the price we payed. The rooms were a little small, but clean. It is a short walk to the center of town and the mall, however, it is about a 45 minute walk to Fisherman's Wharf. Overall, we were very happy with our stay and would love to stay again sometime.	
Sep 7 2009 	good experience	The room was very clean. I especially appreciated the bag provided to put items for recycling. Customer service was friendly. Large fitness center with good hours. Huge space for conference activities.	
Sep 5 2009 	nice but expected more	Understood renovations were accomplished; not as elegant as expected; did not has elete floor as told so had to wait in line in the lobby for coffee; rooms has 2 double not queen beds and NOT enough room for 2 people to walk around room; not enough room to get in one side of bed; the veiw was great; they did change molded shower curtain when asked; Great location! Tavern restaurant has good food and drink	
Sep 5 2009 	Great price location and service.	My husband and I stayed here for three nights. We booked on Expedia for under $100 a night. Upon check in, the desk attendant was very nice and friendly. Our room was nice and very clean. We were on the 11th floor of tower two. The hotel is close to lots of restaurants, bars and shopping. It is an easy place to get anywhere in the city from.The in-hotel restaurant, Urban Tavern, was good. We stopped in for lunch. The bar area always looked busy in the evening.	
Sep 4 2009 	Comfortable basic room w/ small bathroom... busy but efficient checkin	arrived after traveling across the country around lunchtime. able to checkin and go to my room early without a problem which was a pleasant surprise. room was basic, but compared to my recent stay at palmar house in chicago, it was spacious except for the bathroom. room was clean and comfortable. daily housekeeping was very good. attending conference which made hotel inconvenient as conference center was 10 minute walk. many options nearby for food with small grocery across the street as well.	
Sep 4 2009 	Very poor service and really expensive	I don't mind paying more for a good service... but not the other way around... too much money for so little value... Hilton hotels are just a name!	
Sep 4 2009 	wonderful service and accomodations	large room and given free rollaway and free breakfast coupons	
Sep 4 2009 	Excellent accomodations with perfect access to Union Square and the heart of San Francisco	Beautiful hotel just a few blocks from Union Square. Service was excellent and team responsive to all of our needs. We traveled for fun, but hotel perfect for business needs. Like most city hotels, rooms were fairly small, but very clean and the layout maximed space and functionality.	
Sep 4 2009 	More than I expected	After reading a lot of reviews on this site and expedia, I was weary of staying at this hotel but I booked it anyway due to the great location in Union Square. The hotel was fantastic! I loved it. The beds were so comfortable, the staff was very friendly and I got a great rate on expedia. We were on the 6th floor so the street noise could be heard a bit, but it wasn't a big deal. There is a little store in the lobby that sells snacks &amp; drinks as well as the starbucks, though over priced. The concierge was very helpful when we asked about the BART/MUNI lines and the shopping around the hotel is wonderful! I WILL definitely stay here again.	
Sep 3 2009 	If you want something you'll have to pay for it	Very rarely do I regret using hotel points for a free night. This place wasn't even worth my free stay. Front desk staff was indifferent, not rude but not friendly. There was a crazy long line and I'm pretty sure that the lady helping me didn't know English. The room was, well, adequate. It was larger than some of the others I've stayed at in major cities, but it felt very cramped, especially the bathroom with French doors but one is bolted shut). This is assuming you find your room though. There are 3 towers, 4 sets of elevators and a huge loud lobby. Now for where everything FAILED. The walls of this hotel are paper thin!! I could hear the person in the next room sneeze, talk to his wife and when the other neighbor decided to blare their radio at 1am I had the pleasure of calling security. Now they were nice people. Parking is way way overpriced. If you valet, it's $65 a night. I know hotel rooms for less than that. There is a lot across the street for $25 a night. You have to pay for any internet access and they will try to up-sell you to a room with a flat screen tv for $30 more a night. Want a room with a mini-bar, that will be $15 more a night.	
Sep 3 2009 	It is very centrally located	Hotel was nice, but parking expensive. It was much cheaper to park across the street at the garage on Mason and OFarrell.	
Sep 3 2009 	Good location. EXPENSIVE to park	The room was nice enough but the view out the window was the wall of the air handler about eight feet from the window. I won't be staying here again. Parking cost at the hotel is way too high.	
Sep 3 2009 	Nice views from Tower 1 and exceptional concierges.	My wife and I arrived here for a large convention. The lobby was very busy and the receptionist who registered was aloof. He gave us a small room on a lower floor despite our asking for a large room on an upper floor with a view. &quot;Sold out&quot; was his reply, but you could tell he didn;t even look. We were not offered help with our bags, After we got to our room( Don't get a room in Tower) we were unhappy and my wife called the fromt desk and complained. The next agent was overwhelmingly helpful. Sent us help in the form of a very friendly concierge, who promptly moved us the 37th floor with a fabulous view of the Bay and downtown. We got discount coupons for Macy's, complimentary internet access,and a 6 pack of water bottles. The service had been prompt! Save money on room service and go to Starbucks in the lobby for breakfast scones, and coffee.	
Sep 3 2009 	Excelent Hotel	This hotel is close to Union square and the trolley cars. The rooms are clean and spacious with great views of the bay. The staff is friendly and always go the extra mile.	
Sep 3 2009	Good Place to Stay Overall	We recently returned from our trip to San Francisco where we stayed at the Hilton in Union Square. I traveled there with my family (all adults, age 20 and up) for our Summer vacation. Overall, we felt that the Hilton was a good value. We got a very good deal on Expedia which was what prompted us to stay here. All of the staff was very friendly, we had fresh towels everyday even if not requested. I would say that the cleaning job in the room was very quick, as it seemed that they really only refreshed the towels and made the bed, but that was fine for us. The cleaning staff was very friendly when asked to come back later, however, the downfall of this service was that on the day of our checkout, they came right at 8am. They did understand and respect when we asked them to come back later. Beds were pretty comfortable, and there was an extra pillow and blanket in the closet, which was helpful since San Fran can be a bit chilly. We had 2 rooms since there were several travelers. One room had a &quot;King&quot; bed, it was bigger than the 2 &quot;Queens&quot; but it was not as big as the King bed we have at home. The &quot;Queens&quot; seemed more like fulls, but again, not a big deal, everyone slept relatively well. The rooms were basic, but clean, and that's really all we were looking for. I would say that they were small, however, this is something that I have noticed to be common of big city hotels, so I was not surprised. There was no flat screen TV in the room, but we were on vacation and really didn't have a problem with this since we were not watching very often. The view was fine, again, you are in a big city and therefore when you look out your window, you see city buildings. We were on the 12th floor which was high enough up to get some sort of view. We brought laptops with but weren't able to connect to the free wi-fi in the lobby, however, the iTouch did. Since we read reviews on Tripadvisor prior to leaving, we did not use the hotel parking. There is a parking garage directly across the street which you are able to park overnight in with in and out privleges for about $36 (including taxes). There are also several car rental places in this garage if you are looking to get a car. I would recommend calling the hotel to find out what rental places are there, from what I recall there was a Hertz and an Alamo along with some others, but I recommend verifying. We only rented a car for 2 days of our trip, and used public transportation the rest of the time. The MUNI makes it very easy to get around the city, and you can get a 7 day pass for about $24 (there are also 1 and 3 day passes) which allow you to use the MUNI system an unlimited amount of times. We highly recommend this, as it was our main source of transportation throughout the city and it was so easy! I would also agree with the other traveler who commented on the &quot;Special Transportation&quot; that they got from the hotel to the airport. We wound up paying about $20 more for this service, when all we wanted was a taxi to get us back to the airport. Insist on the staff calling a taxi for you. It is true that the Tenderloin district (a rougher, seedy neighborhood in San Fran) is kind of right by the hotel, but there is really no reason for one to be walking in this area anyways, as there is nothing there. This area is highly populated with the homeless, they tend to stand in large groups rather than spread out like in the rest of the city. My advice, that should not deter you from this hotel, just dont go to the left or behind the hotel! When leaving the hotel, go right (it's kind of the flow of foot traffic anyways), and you will be fine, you'll actually end up in a high-end shopping district, Union Square. The pool area was nicer than it looked online, we did use this area one day. We also used the spa, which had gratuities included in their pricing, which was very nice. We did go to the Urban Tavern a few evenings for drinks. Sundays they have half-price bottles of wine. We did not eat here at all. The Starbucks in the lobby is about $2 more per item (a tall latte and pastry was $9, a crystal mountain bottle of watter cost $3!), so I would recommend walking the 1/2 a block (to the right) to the Starbucks up the street. You cannot bring drinks on the trolleys, so beware! I would say that if you a familiar with city life, then San Fran is a great place to visit and the Hilton is a fine place to stay. Be aware, there are homless people and street performers everywhere, they typically don't approach you (but some will) and if you have leftovers from a restaurant that you will likely toss out because you're staying in a hotel, you are bound to find someone on the street who will really appreciate it. Breakfast is not included, but I believe this to be normal of all city hotels. It is a very very big and busy hotel, as many conventions are held here, but it's a fine place to stay if all you're really looking for is a clean room and nice bed to sleep in. The lobby was busy (sometimes lines of 5-7 people at check-in, concierge, or the lobby Starbucks) but not overwhelming. It was a very pretty lobby with a large seating area and fresh flowers. The staff was also very helpful in keeping luggage when we got there before check-in and when we had to check-out several hours before heading to the airport. I would recommend.	
Sep 2 2009 	Good location nice clean room good price!	The hotel is in a good location to shopping and dining in dowtown, a couple of blocks from Union Square. The MUNI and BART station is a couple of blocks away. You can experience a cable car ride just a few blocks from the hotel too (advice: to ride it, go at night when the line is short). You can catch a hop-on, hop-off sightseeing tour from Union Square (advice: take the red bus, not the blue one!) The GoCar rental is down the road. The lobby is beautiful and has a Starbucks (of course), an ATM, a restaurant (advice: don't go for breakfast- $18 omlettes!) and a concierge with a person who books tours. We took a Yosemite day tour that picked us up at the hotel (advice: totally worth the trip- Yosemite is AWESOME! Don't miss your chance to see it!) The room was spacious, clean and lovely. The bed and pillows were soft and comfy. The hotel was quiet. We slept like logs! There was no fridge or microwave, but you can request a fridge for a small fee. There was a coffee maker. Parking is $50/ night- but you don't need a car anyway! Great for the cost ($99/ night online booking!)	
Sep 2 2009	The Good The Bad 	The Good - The staff at the breakfast buffet in the Urban Tavern are friendly and efficient. If only all hotels could have such energetic staff!The good reviews only extend to the breakfast buffet staff. The staff in the Urban Tavern bar were just OK during my 2 evening visits.The Bad -I've stayed at this hotel at least once a year for the last 12 years and the overall quality of this hotel has gone downhill. It was quite noticeable during my recent stay from 8/25/09 to 8/31/09.For example, when I arrived in my room, there was a terrible smell of old, stale urine in the bathroom. Does the cleaning staff not care? It took 2 days for the smell to go away. The quality of the breakfast buffet has steadily gone downhill. The original buffet on the 1st floor was great. When it moved to City Scape on the 46th floor, the selection went down, but the views of San Francisco were out of this world. The buffet has now moved to Urban Tavern on the 1st floor and the food selection is barely adequate. The marketing staff for this hotel are crazy to close the 46th floor restaurant. What a waste of a view.I used the Health Club 3 times on this trip and I noticed that the gym wasn't as clean as it could be. Also, supplies in the men's restroom at the gym were adequate but nothing like what you would find in a Las Vegas hotel.The rooms in Tower 1 are old and need updating. Don't look forward to a flat screen TV as you won't be using one!For the first time ever, I noticed that some guests had dogs. Some of us, myself included, have allergies. If they are going to allow pets, they should only be in designated rooms and not be allowed in all guest rooms.Visitors to this hotel should always be cautious as the hotel is right on the edge of the Tenderloin, a rough and poor neighbourhood of the city. Use your common sense and everything should be fine.The Ugly -Every time when it's time to leave, I tell the staff that I need a taxi to SFO. The people out front put you in the special line...a special line for an expensive airport limo. You have the right to say NO and ask for a taxi. Stick to your guns and don't be pushed around by hotel staff. You will save at least $ 10. Taxi drivers have told me many times that hotel staff are receiving kickbacks from the limo company. If this is true, why does hotel management tolerate this?In summary, the Hilton SF was a better hotel when the Hilton family owned the company. The hotel is recommended but only based upon its central location.	
Sep 2 2009 	Great location for the price	Not the most luxurious hotel in this bracket but was a fair price and well placed for downtown San Francisco.	
Sep 2 2009 	Nice Hotel but they nickel and dime you!	My husband and i stayed here for 3 nights during our vacation. The hotel was nice- good location, clean, comfortable bed, staff was helpful and friendly. We got a good deal on hotels.com, so that was nice. BUT all of the &quot;extras&quot; were so expensive- the mini bar in the room charged $7 for a bag of M&amp;Ms!!! PLUS a 20% &quot;restocking&quot; fee, so basically $8! we didn't pay it-- but i think its crazy that they would even think people would pay that! they also charge $45 to park your car in their garage- but don't pay it, there are several other garages right there that charge $25 or $30, which is still crazy but not as bad. overall, very nice hotel- but i really don't understand how they get away with charging so much for all the little stuff.	
Sep 2 2009 	Not Impressed	I seem to title alot of my reviews 'not impressed' which may be a reflection on me or it could be a reflection on the sorry state in the hotel industry which seems in general to dance to the tune of 'pile it high and sell it cheap'.First problem is that you should note there are several Hilton hotels in San Francisco and our assistants had inadvertently managed to book my colleague &amp; me into different ones - but it wasn't clear from the confirmations! So we turned up at one of the other Hiltons (where my colleague was booked and found we had one room there and one room at this one). When we asked the reception desk to resolve this, it became clear that the person behind the counter had (at best) a double-digit IQ because their first attempt simply reversed the bookings (so that I was now at the other hotel and my colleague at this one!) - when we quizzed the receptionist as to why she thought we might have wanted to do this, we just got a shrug. Eventually we both got rooms at the same hotel - this one.On arrival the reception is huge, but the first bad sign was the doorman appearing to takie a back-hander from a non-licensed limo driver to do the airport run for a Hilton guest. That's not good.Very busy reception but checked in relatively efficiently.Not massively impressed by room, but was in a bad mood by then after all the issues with the hotel booking. Basically large enough for bed &amp; desk, not much else. Clean. Internet access seemed to be chargeable, something that I detest.Following morning check-out a bit slow, but not a disaster.Overall what I would call a bog-standard business-type hotel I definitely would not want to take my family there.	
Sep 2 2009 	Week In Frisco	Here for meeting with the family. Excellent location. Hotel was clean and pleasant. Comfortable rooms.	
Sep 1 2009 	Nice surrounding area dirty	Nice, comfortable.. Surrounding area sketchy.. Homeless, drug addicts roaming around. Twisted view of the other side of city. While walking to car I witnessed man projectile vomiting along sidewalk. Hotel was nice but I wouldn't recommend for family..too close to tenderloin district!	
Sep 1 2009 	nice enough	This was my second stay at this hotel. Last time, I was in tower 1 where the room and bathroom were spacious. This time, I was in tower 3 where the room was very small. The bathroom was tiny, and didn't even have room for a vanity except for the space above the toilet which was awkward to access...very claustrophobic, and I am a size 0. Also, the bathroom had double doors which had about an inch of space between where the 2 doors met. This didn't allow much privacy, and I was traveling with my teenage son. The bathroom lighting...I know those flourescent bulbs save energy, but I looked like a zombie. Had to do my makeup at the desk which was also difficult because of trying to lean way over in the mirror. Apparently, the hotel was full, or I would have asked for a larger room. Also, what's up with charging for internet access? Be prepared, as the lobby is crowded and noisy. I had a drink at the hotel bar which was nice. However, there are so many beautiful hotels in SF, that I ventured out with a friend to find a bar with more ambience. Try the bar at the Sir Francis Drake for the outstanding architecture. My son is now attending college in SF, so I may stay at this hotel again. Next time I will definitely ask for a larger room when I make my reservation.	
Sep 1 2009 	awfel room service and hallways that smelt like dog poo	I had ask for king size bed that would be soft, for I have a bad back. The guest services suggested I try just relaxing in the bed. Not a good idea, my back was sore the I spent there.And, when I asked about the dog poo smell, they explained to me the hotel was pet friendly. Not sure if it was human friendly as well. Would not recommend this hotel to my worst enemy.	
Sep 1 2009 	great week-end getaway in San Francisco	The hotel was truly a great experience for my teenage son and myself. The location is centrally located and near all the main transportation. Everyone in the hotel were helpful and we were extremely impressed! The beds were extremely comfortable and I will recommend this hotel to anyone going to SF!!!	
Sep 1 2009 	alright	this is a fifth visit to this hotel over several yrs, and i do have to say the rooms are getting out-dated. there has been little renovation and you can almost hear the people above you as they walk over the rooms. showers were not completely functional either and the hotel has recently removed their executive floor lounge as to cut costs. competing with several hotels in the area means they need to look into upgrading their rooms quickly. on the up-side, the gym and sauna were a plus!	
Sep 1 2009 	Not too bad for the price	Good location. At a $99 advance purchase price it was OK. As a HHilton Gold we were very diasappointed the executive lounge is closed .First room with a balcony had a lot of wind noise , had to change rooms.The high price Hilton charges for internet is also negativeShould be free! at least in lobby . Come on Hilton even Super 8 gives free Wi Fi !Expensive parking at Hotel. Cheaper parking lots surround the hotel.	
Aug 31 2009 	They actually charge to use their fitness center!!!	Yes, you read that correctly. This Hilton charges $15 per visit to use their fitness center. Add that to the daily charge for internet service and the Marriott starts to look pretty good. Calling the front desk and then the manager had absolutely no effect either. In fact, both the front desk attendant and the manager seemed almost proud that they charged for their fitness center and showed no concern whatsoever at my dissatisfaction and dismay over the issue. I'm here for 3 days and trying to train for a 1/2 marathon and never dreamed it would cost me almost $50 to use the treadmills here. I will not be back.	
Aug 31 2009 	Everything about the stay was good...	This is the third Union Square hotel I've stayed at in the last 2 years. For the price (about $100/night) , I felt the rooms were very nice - much nicer than the other 2 hotels I've visited in the area for about the same price. I didn't really interact with the staff much but when I did they were very pleasant and helpful. I would definitely stay here again. The Urban Tavern in the lobby was a great place to get a drink at night.	
Aug 31 2009 	Amazing Shopping in SF	The San Francisco Hilton is in an amazing location in downtown San Francisco. Great restaurants and shopping within walking distance of hotel. Beautiful rooms and staff is generous with upgrades.	
Aug 31 2009 	Exceeded expectations neighborhood is plenty safe	I'm not one to reward 5 TA bubbles regularly, but our recent stay at the SF Hilton Union Square was excellent.The location of this hotel is excellent. It's a quick walk to the Powell St. BART station (and adjacent cable car/MUNI stations) through a busy, touristy part of town. I noticed that there are several reviews suggesting the hotel is in a sketchy neighborhood. If you wander into the tenderloin (west from the hotel), you may feel a little vulnerable. But there's really no reason to do that because everything is east from the hotel. (So don't worry about it.)We were given a comfortable room on the 23rd floor in Tower 2. It was very cozy and quiet up there: the hallway only had three other rooms surrounding the elevator bank. The room was nicely appointed and in good shape. I was particularly surprised by our room location because I booked an advance purchase rate of $99/nt for our stay (26-30 Aug). Generally, I expect to get tucked next to the HVAC unit when I book a cheap rate and pay in advance. (Thinking: they already have my money, why would they try to go above and beyond?) I would not hesitate to stay here again the next time we visit SF.Other tidbits:My wife visited the workout center and said the equipment was in great shape. The lobby is big, busy, and feels like a Vegas hotel (likely due to the wafting cigarette smoke from outside). All of the concierge personnel that we spoke with were quite knowledgeable; every time I walked away from their desk I remember being impressed with the options they provided to us. Gold members: there's no executive lounge for us, and breakfast comes in the form of Starbucks coupons. BUT, the coupons were rather generous and the (lobby) Starbucks line moved pretty quickly.	
Aug 30 2009 	The Hilton San Francisco was very nice--great location!	We had a very nice 2-night (Fri and Sat) stay at the Hilton San Francisco on Aug 28th and 29th. The room was very nice (clearly up to Hilton standards). We got upgraded to a great view room on the 35th floor. Starbucks was convenient in the lobby and the Urban Tavern restaurant/bar was nice for drinks--great, cool atmosphere. We didn't get to eat there, but the menu looked good. The location was convenient to Union Square and the Powell Street cars. Tip: you can park across the street at the OFarrell/Taylor street parking garage and save on parking (it was $36/day vs. I think over $50 at the hotel). It was very convenient, open 24hrs, and fast service.	
Aug 30 2009	great customer service perfect location	hello, we stayed at the hotel for one night only. the location is 5 min walk to Union Square which was the perfect starting point for a SF sightseeing tour. the hotel is huge but the staff was extremely friendly and accessible which was surprising for such a big hotel. the interior design of the hotel is worth a modern remodel but that is a matter of taste. the room was super small but we had a fabulous view from the 35th floor and it was clean and quiet. i definitely would return.	
Aug 30 2009 	good hotel and good location	We got a great Priceline rateof 75.00 a night. The room was very nice and the hotel was great too. You just have to be a little careful as the hotel is located on the edge of a rough area. But it is still in a very central location and i would recommend the hotel alot.	
Aug 28 2009 	Great Stay	The hotel was fantasic and the service impecable. I really enjoyed my stay.	
Aug 28 2009 	Good city centre hotelbut too big and service should be better.	good room,large bathroom,no shower gel.Had to ask for bath robes-had run out of slippers!! Poor shower and no bath.	
Aug 27 2009 	Great location and wonderfully comfortable beds!	We stayed here during my husband's academic conference with our two kids. The location was perfect: lots of reasonable restaurants nearby. Near SF's great public transportation. Down the street from one the best Macy's I have ever been to. And the beds...very good. I wound up hurting my back (fell from a bicycle) and was grateful that this hotel had such firm mattresses.	
Aug 27 2009 	Worst Service in the World	I got a great deal on a room at this hotel... at least I thought I did. They have a pool and spa as well as a world-class gym. However, if you want to use the gym it is an extra almost $20 a day. Want to use the spa? The massage is $160. I called for extra towels, it was a 2 hour wait - even after I offered to go down and pick them up. I called for extra pillows, it was a 4 hour wait. The bathroom was filthy and covered, daily, in long, black hairs - which is odd given that my hair is both short and gray. Breakfast was $40 for the worst buffet I have ever had any where in the world. Finally, during check out I had the misfortune of dealing with an absoultely awful woman desk clerk. All in all, if you have the choice between staying here or staying any where else in San Francisco, choose the other location. This hotel has the worst service of any place other than County Jail.	
Aug 27 2009 	Superb Location!	The Hilton is located 3 blocks from the Powell BART station, and is a stop on one of the &quot;Hop On Hop Off&quot; buses touring San Francisco. Additionally, a trolley car stop is located nearby. The hotel is very clean, and the staff is friendly, courteous, and ready to assist. The rooms are not overly large, but have all the modern conveniences, and are in excellent condition. The Union Square area is great for shopping and restaurants, is easily accessible to other tourist and business areas in and around San Francisco. Our room was located in Tower One, and the reservations were made via an internet special price.	
Aug 26 2009 	Absolutely A Wonderful Trip.	Hilton Union Square-San Francisco.We went there for a wedding and stayed the night. The room was really spacious.The reception was on the top floor-Starlite Room. What a spectacular view. :)Checking in/out was a breeze too. You're right in the heart of the action. I would defintely recommend this hotel.	
Aug 26 2009 	Great location and comfort at a knockdown price.	We stayed 6 nights in the HIlton, having booked through Hotwire, so got a bargain price. The room was a little smaller than we expected, but we had a very comfortable bed, the reception and concierge staff were very accommodating and the housekeeping team were lovely, friendly people - we encountered them often as we were not the earliest risers. We didn't eat at the hotel, but there are loads of places to get a good breakfast in San Francisco at a much lower price than hotels. Only quibbles would be the powdered milk and internet charges, although we had similar issues at other our 4* hotels. When we arrived there were only polystyrene cups for the coffee maker, but we left a note and the following day, china mugs were provided. Also, we were mistakenly charged $75 for minibar items which related to the previous occupants of the room, but when I contacted the hotel and pointed this out, they didn't argue, but refunded it immediately, so overall, I would say this is a great place if you are on holiday, as the central location is ideal - handy for cable cars, Muni and BART.	
Aug 25 2009 	Good hotel	The Hilton SF Union Square it's a good hotel ideally located in the hearth of SF just one block away from Union Sq. The price is affordable and you can upgrade to a Tower room (75$ fee) and you'll get an awesome view of the city. If you are a member of HHOnors you'll get a lot of extra amenities.	
Aug 25 2009 	Very satisfied	My girlfriend and I really enjoyed our stay here. The room was luxurious and provided us with all that we needed. The location was perfect. We were very glad that we chose to be downtown rather than in the very touristy Fisherman's wharf area.	
Aug 25 2009 	Great location lovely rooms though smallish walls are paper thin.	We loved the location of the Hilton during our stay last week. We were pleased with the room decor and cleanliness. Upon checking in the front desk person was very polite but did feel the need to mention we were &quot;Priceline&quot; guests in a rather superior manner. The only downside of our experience was the thiness of the walls and lack of sound buffering. We could clearly hear every word being spoken next door. We chose not to complain as we knew the noise was an issue having read past reviews.	
Aug 25 2009 	Enjoyable stay	We were very happy with the location close to Union Street (BART station and department stores close). Super-fast check-in process and stylish lobby. The room was spacious, clean and well lighted. The only complaint would be a hairdryer that took out electricity in two rooms when turned-on. The issue was promptly resolved (hairdryer replaced and electricity turned back on) within 5 minutes after one phone-call.The restaurant and bar (Urban Tavern) was quite ok, even though not outstanding. One night we found a really nice Italian restaurant nearby.We would quite likely return to this hotel if ever returning to San Francisco.	
Aug 24 2009 	Hilton San Francisco provided home away from home.	Stayed at hotel for 5 nights, was able to take family on a business trip. Lobby area was spatious and clean. The room was clean and had a great view from the 26th floor. Accomodations provide for everything necessary while traveling. Wish the weather would have been warm enough to enjoy the outdoor pool! :) I will plan to stay at Hilton San Francisco again for next trip!	
Aug 24 2009 	Very nice place to stay	I traveled to the Hilton for a conference, I thought the location was great, close to the Powell Street BART. The amenities were good. The restaurant was good. I wish there was free internet available.	
Aug 23 2009 	great hotel	Centrally located and convenient to all downtown attractions. Near China Town. Quiet and comfortable. Friendly and helpful staff. Only negative would be that parking is not free, in fact its expensive at nearly $50.00 a night. A heavy price on top of the hotel price.	
Aug 23 2009 	Great Safe Clean Convenient Stay in SF	Attended a conference that was held here. Great location, lots of restaurants and bars around it within a few blocks. Chinese, Thai, Diners, Japanese, American, just about anything you want. Just a few blocks from the Powell &amp; Hyde Trolley that will take you all the way to the Wharf area for $5.00. The &quot;conference&quot; rate was $209/night, but I booked through Orbits and got 4 nights and a Flight RT from Alabama for less than $900, so something was cheap. There's a FedEx Office in the Lobby, as well as a Starbucks. But the SB in the lobby is a LOT more than the TWO that are about 1 block away. The 46th Floor bar has a FANTASTIC View of the city. You can see almost 360 degrees and most of the city is visible. Go at night. The lights are awe inspiring.My room on the 14th floor was adequate, but clean. I had a single queen, desk, TV with drawers below and a mini-bar key. (Didn't bother, WAAAYYY too expensive. There's a Liquor Store/Grocery 1 block away if you want something for your room.) The bathroom was very small, but adequate and clean. I had a great trip and the room was nice enough that I found no problems. Well, ONE problem. Lots of Sirens at night. Woke me up a few times. But it wasn't terrible.	
Aug 23 2009	Glorious	Beautiful hotel in a bustling area...Perfect location, isn't that what it's all about? The restaurants and room service are very pricey, but you have so much outside the doors, so go venture. Clean rooms and great linens. I never have to worry when I go there. Just make sure you confirm your room type though as they gave me a different room than I asked for and wouldn't give me a room w/ two beds. Office girl must have been having a bad day, but other than that, it's a good hotel and people just let you do your thing...	
Aug 23 2009 	Happy Surprise	Concerned about the Priceline choice of Hilton, but had a terrific experience. This was a big anniversary trip. so we paid a $50 upgrade to get a room with a balcony on the 42nd floor of Tower 1, with an unbelievable view of downtown and the Bay Bridge. The upgrade also got us internet and a full continental breakfast at the Starbucks in the lobby. Concierge fixed us up with a reco for Fino's, a great Italian restaurant three blocks away. We read about the high parking price ($55/night), so we parked in a very easy garage across the street for $35. Very happy with the Hilton!	
Aug 22 2009 	Classic Hilton Hotel	This was my second stay at the Hilton San Francisco. It is a typical Hilton quality hotel with everything you would expect from a Hilton. The location is good with proximity to Union Square, but there are some shady parts just a block or two away. The concierge desk is quite helpful. Some rooms have courtyard views of the pool (with opening door) which I would highly recommend . The parking is very expensive for the area.	
Aug 20 2009 	A good 4.5 star Hotel	This is a good hotel that you'd expect from Hilton but not a 5 star experience. The lobby is massive and is alwyas teeming with people which can make getting served difficult. However staff are friendly and they allocated me a good room (even though I paid via Priceline)Location is excellent to the Bart and Union Square. Tenderloin is 'interesting' - but let's face it there are crazy homeless people absolutely everywhere in this great city. Good restaurant attached to the hotel too. Internet is pricy at $7/hour or $15/day. No free wireless	
Aug 20 2009 	Pricey	I thought the location and the accomodations were good. There was a long wait to check in and out. When I was checking out, I asked about getting out of the hotel garage. Apparently, the cost of parking was not included in the hotel stay. I had to pay $50 per night for my car. I think that is outrageous. It is the hotel's garage! Yes, I have paid to park in some city hotels, but NOT $50 per night.	
Aug 20 2009 	Hilton San Francisco	Pros: Location, nice staff, Starbucks on premises, and high quality amenities. Cons: Rooms are reasonably priced but tiny. It would be OK if you were traveling alone but with someone else you feel like you have no privacy. The bathroom is practically in the sleeping area and separated by smoked glass that you could see and hear everything thing through. The bathroom floor became soaked every time we showered because the glass door leaked the entire time. No free internet connection, even in the lobby. There is a business center on premises as well, Kinko's, that charges .40 per minute to use and about .50 to print a single sheet of paper.	
Aug 20 2009 	Terrific hotel	We spent 6 wonderful nights here while visiting San Francisco. When we checked in after traveling for 8 hours, we were greeted with a smile and bottles of water for each of us. The hotel was immaculate. Our room was clean and the bed was very comfortable. The concierge arranged a terrific city tour and helped us find a rental car when none seemed to be available. We enjoyed the restaurant-several nights we were too tired to wander out after exhausting sightseeing. The restaurant had fresh food and a pleasant atmosphere. The breakfast was phenomenal offering every hot and cold item imagineable including several varieties of smoked fish and steamed salmon.The location is very convenient-in fact we took the BART train directly from the airport and walked three minutes to the hotel. We used the gym equipment and the outdoor pool which was heated so that we swam even on cold mornings. We highly recommend the hotel. It is well-located, friendly, nicely appointed, and well maintained.	
Aug 19 2009 	Beautiful hotel near attractions and easily accessible to all attractions and transportation.	The Hilton San Francisco was a great place to stay. The lobby is beautiful and the rooms above average. The hotel was extremly clean and the staff was attentive and helpful.	
Aug 18 2009 	Nice Hotel but pricey	Hotel is very nice and I got a good price through a travel website but parking is quite high $45 a day ($30 a day across thestreet) and coffee or soda was very expensive. Highest price we have had to pay for daily internet access.	
Aug 18 2009 	THe mega-conference hotel is located Union Square side but near the Tenderloin	We had a lovely stay at this conference hotel in downtown San Francisco. It has a secluded outdoor pool set in an interior courtyard. We were in the relatively newly renovated side of the hotel. It is located between Union Square and the Tenderloin - gratefully on the Union Square side, but Tourists should still keep their eyes open when they leave the hotel. It is a huge facility! It would not be describe as romantic, but was a very nice business hotel.	
Aug 17 2009 	over all could not fault it	A fantastically central hotel. Close enough to shopping and Union Square that we felt comfortable leaving our kids off to shop on their own. Wonderful concierge service. We did have a bit of a mess up when we tried to change rooms for an interconnecting room but overall we can live with that. I would recommend asking for a high up room on the 1st Tower as the views are great. A small point of note we were on the 25th floor. I can't speak for the other floors but the odd numbered rooms are smaller than the even on that floor. I know of people that stayed on the even on the 44th floor and they said that the views were stunning. Overall can't fault it.. Very busy but quiet at the same time away from the foyer.	
Aug 17 2009 	Convienent location nice staff well kept rooms	My recent stay at the Hilton San Francisco was unremarkable. The hotel itself was clean though it probably could use a little upgrading in a few areas. The location was great for doing the tourist spots but don't walk too far in what I believe was West.... it gets a little scary. My disappointment was more due to the city rather than the hotel itself. The staff, however, was wonderful!! My only complaint would be that my bathroom was too small. The rest of the room was quite large.	
Aug 17 2009 	Balconies with awesome views in Union Square...This is your place	This hotel is the only one I am aware of in the Union square area that has balconies on their upper floors (well worth the small upgrade which is not always charged). Hilton meets my biggest criteria...bed linens. Hilton offers the clean crisp white linens which take out the fear question of when was that coverlet last washed. All comforters and blankets are luminously swaddled in cozy white linen. The balcony is my favorite and can offer some incredible view of the bay, coit tower, and the city. Decor is a little dated. My biggest gripe is they do not offer wireless internet but were very accommodating in providing me a longer cord so that I could lie in bed and work...and daydream out the window. In addition, I found the charge for internet to be spendy at $16/24 hr period. Save some money by parking your own car in 2 parking structures located right across the street. first unload luggage, check in quickly and then part and walk across the street to you await room. You'll save an average of $25/day doing this. Perfect for walking, eating, shopping and drinking location. Staff is friendly and helpful. I'd absolutely would stay there again.	
Aug 16 2009 	Good Location Good Value - If You Get A Good Deal	Got a good deal on priceline and then paid an extra $50 a night to upgrade to a room with a city view, internet and a starbucks breakfast so not bad value.Location was very central but was very suprised at the number of homeless people around - didnt feel very safe at night time.Room was a good size but the actual hotel is huge - prob tooo big, lines at check in and out - but moved quickly and the lobby was way overcrowded - my guess is people using free wifi there maybe if they provided it complimentry in room, the lobby wouldnt be so overcrowded.Overall enjoyed our stay - had problems with the in room safe to begin with but they were very prompt in fixing it and on checkout morning when i think check out time is around 11-12 and you get housekeeping knocking at your door at 8am ?? makes you feel like they are trying to get rid of you.	
Aug 16 2009 	Great location restaurants and shopping galore!	This property is a very large, 3 tower hotel, with an outdoor pool on the 16th floor. Large convention facilities, car rental, tour package purchases, full service restaurant and bar, 3 bars/lounges, exta large lobby with meeting/sitting areas, and a Starbucks. The parking is inside a garage, self or Valet, but the pricing for either is a little pricey; $51/self, $57/valet=day. There is a public garage directly accross the (narrow) street, not sure of the price, but should be more reasonably priced. We did not use the room-service, but checked out the menu: the usual fare, but again the prices seem unnecessarily high; $32 for 1scarmbled egg, 2stips/links or 1peice of ham, and toast. $12 for 1 bagel w/cream cheese, and of course, the $18% mandatory gratuity. If you like to bring a drink up to your room, there is a liquor store on the corner (Taylor St/O'Farrell St) $2.50 for 2 beers, or $12.00 for two beers at the Hotel bar: you decide. There is a fantastic Blues Restaurant &amp; Bar just around the corner; Biscuits &amp; Blues (Mason St.).	
Aug 16 2009 	Full service hotel	This hotel delivers all the amenities you expect from Hilton. The one drawback to my room was that it was miles from the elevator. There are 3 towers; I was in the tallest tower, Tower 3 I believe. The tower is essentially an entire city block, with the rooms around the perimeter, each row of rooms looking out over a different street. There is only one bank of elevators, and it is on one edge of the square, not in the center as you might think. To get to my room from the elevator required walking &quot;around the block.&quot; I'm in good health, and I don't mind walking, but I had considerable amounts of luggage and I didn't think to ask for help when I went up. When I left, I asked room service to bring down my luggage. It was not allowed for me to get a rolling cart and do it myself. Because many people were checking out at the same time (at the end of the convention) room service was very busy, and rather slow. In any case, it's difficult to understand why there aren't elevators on opposite sides of the tower.	
Aug 16 2009 	Great location	Great location, very comfortable. No complaints! One complaint - hotel parking extortionate but you can park across the street for almost half.	
Aug 16 2009 	Almost perfect.	I was apprehensive about staying here after reading reviews on TA but I shouldn't have worried. This hotel is excellent.When I arrived I was checked in fairly quickly. I requested a high room and was informed I had a room with no view. He offered to upgrade me to a city view for an extra $50/night. I declined - I got a fabulous deal through Priceline at $65/night. He was helpful however and assigned me in Tower 3 Room 1962. The only compromise was 2 Queens instead of the King. Easy to live with.The room size was average but I don't care about that. The beds were extremely comfortable, probably the most comfortable bed besides my own I have slept in. A lot of people have noted about being near Tenderloin. I didn't venture into the Tenderloin area but I returned to the hotel at Midnight and after and felt completely safe on OFarrell. The hotel is huge but has a lot of security in the lobby. I assume this is because of the conferences.The location of the hotel is superb. Just a few blocks from the Cable Cars and the MUNI/BART.My only annoyance was the WiFi charge. $15/day? That's outrageous. Especially if you pay full price. There is WiFi all over the city or at the Starbucks down the street, don't waste your money. All in all 9/10.	
Aug 15 2009 	Turning business into pleasure!	What began as a routine business trip to the gift show became a very pleasant experience because of the beautiful room at the Hilton and the courteous personnel that went out of their way to make our stay a memorable one! Our room was on the 30th floor and the views were amazing!	
Aug 14 2009 	A solid one-night stay	We stayed in the Hilton for one quick night as part of a business-slash-vacation trip. Our room was on the top floor of Tower 2, and had a big, comfy bed and a nice view of the city. It also had a high, vaulted ceiling with a second window up high; I liked this, but my partner found this annoying because the curtains weren't completely closed, letting light in. We didn't have any problems with noise or hearing other guests in nearby rooms, and housekeeping didn't bother us (thanks to the do-not-disturb sign). Overall, we were happy with the room and with the service--the staff were very pleasant with us. The lack of free internet would annoy me had I been staying for more than one night--but (at least during our conference) the Hilton provided free wireless in the lobby. The daunting Starbucks line (mentioned by previous reviewers) also moved pretty quickly. We didn't park at the Hilton--instead parked in the Mason O'Farrell garage across the street ($32/night). Overall, the Hilton is a solid stay, especially if you're attending a conference or convention in the hotel. However, there are other hotels nearby that are probably better if you don't want to deal with crowds of people attending said conferences and conventions (we liked the Chancellor, where we stayed for the second night). We felt we got good value for money...but we paid $85/night plus tax for the Hilton, through Priceline.	
Aug 14 2009 	Good service but tiny rooms	Very small rooms. Expensive. 15 bucks a day for wi-fi. 50 a day for parking. The resturant was so overpriced it was a joke and the room service was 32 dollars for 3 pancakes-plus delivery-plus tip-tax! You pay for the gym too. There is free wi-fi in the lobby, but it's loud. Our buisness lunches and dinners didn't have any decorations other than votive candles. Again, I can't stress that the King room was small, you could not open the bathroom door and the closet door at the same time. Awkward. We got a discounted rate of 215.00 a night and that seems high to us. IF YOU GO TO THE HOTEL (and this is very important) DO NOT GO LEFT IF WALKING OUTSIDE THE DOORS! YOU COULD BE IN TROUBLE IF YOU TURN LEFT.The good: The view from the 36th floor was amazing. I felt very safe inside the hotel at all times. I can't say enough how wonderful the staff was. The food served at our lunches and dinners (meetings) was very good-better than good. Even the sandwiches were great. There are some great resturants close to the hotel and you can walk, but not alone.	
Aug 13 2009 	service not good noisy hotel	First impressions were not good. We pulled up to the hotel to unload our bags etc and the doormen stood and watched, clearly a spectator sport. We unloaded our stuff and walked into the hotel, opening the doors ourselves as everyone was clearly too busy to assist us. The first person to ask if we needed help was the security guy once we had got into the enormous lobby.Room was ok, nothing special and quite small. We had to ring up for the key to the mini bar as they had not given this to us. We were also told by the front desk that wi-fi was free in the reception, when we tried this out it didn't work and when we asked we were then told there was a charge. The guy did then give us a code to give us free access to wi-fi for our 3 day stay.It was noisy in the evenings with people running up and down the long corridors and shouting.In fairness we were not too bothered as we had booked via Hotwire and got a good deal, had i paid the full rack rate I would not have been at all happy with this hotel.It is in a good location and Starbucks in reception is easy for breakfast coffee as the free coffee in the room is awful.	
Aug 13 2009 	Maybe it's a great location but....	I stayed at the Hilton in August for a whole week on business. The location was great... (although it is as someone else stated on tripadvisor it was the tenderloin end).Firstly I would like to say the room was large enough and the bed was roomy for two people however the decor was old and the amenities provided were terrible. For the price paid for the room there were no slippers, there was only one tea bag provided, paper cups, no tea spoons, no tooth paste, no tooth brush or razors or no complimentary water and so forth.... For the business traveller these things are things one assumes will be in the room. The hotel is busy. One can hear everything in the halls as in the rooms next door. So if you think you'll get a good nights sleep. Think again. Whilst I realise the Hilton is a family-friendly hotel chain... This place was full of screaming children running down the halls. Even at night! Now perhaps this isn't the Hilton's fault and more the parents, one would assume that the staff would take some action when this is address by other guests.I guess what I liked the best was the view from the window. Our room looked over the Western side and it was delightful to look at the beautiful foggy view. However, I did not find the hotel was good value for money, especially if you are traveling on business.	
Aug 12 2009 	Great location tiny rooms!	My husband and I stayed at the O'Farrell Hilton with our baby for a few days last week. The location was fabulous but the rooms were disappointingly small. We woke up every morning because of the conversations of the guests in the adjoining rooms! They really should do something about the surprisingly thin walls. The TV was small and not plasma/LCD, which is the norm nowadays. Housekeeping knocked every day just once and then entered the room at once without waiting for our reply! Not sure we'd stay there again...	
Aug 11 2009 	Very nice convention facilities helpful staff.	I recently stayed at the Hilton for the American Sociological Association's annual conference. The convention rooms were all sizeable and comfortable, and the hotel staff was very friendly and accommodating.	
Aug 11 2009 	Great hotel in a great location	The Hilton is in a good spot close to many attractions.	
Aug 10 2009 	High-class hotel with great service in a wonderful location.	The Hilton is in the heart of San Francisco, walking distance from Union Square, downtown, and transportation to all other areas. The rooms are beautifully re-done and the service was excellent.	
Aug 10 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Booked this for four nights with wife and two teenagers. A room with 2 queen beds was fine. Some reviews make reference to the Tenderloin but frankly not an issue. A very comfortable spotless hotel. Would stay again. Front desk staff very helpfull.	
Aug 10 2009 	You definitely should check it out!	The hotel has all sorts of premium services and my room was really comfortable. The only down side is that the front desk and concierge are really busy I had to wait on hold a while before someone was able to assist me.	
Aug 9 2009 	Great as usual	When we travel and stay in San Francisco, we are never disappointed with the quality and service at the Hilton San Francisco. We booked the new &quot;Sight and Sound&quot; room which is our favorite in tower 2. Great experience as always.	
Aug 9 2009 	Mediocre hotel not worth the 'four-star' rating	My friend and I checked into the Hilton SF expecting the experience to be great - the lobby was huge and open, packed with people, and it looked like we were going to be in for a nice stay. However, when we got to our room, we found out it wasn't nearly as nice as we'd expected. First of all, the room was very small. The room was also very loud. We could hear every conversation going on in the hallway, as well as housekeeping knocking on doors first thing in the morning. We were asked multiple times by housekeeping when they would be able to get in to clean our room - even when we had the 'do not disturb' sign on our door. The actual housekeeping staff was very friendly, but due to the lack of soundproofing in the room, we got to hear them being friendly to every hotel guest on the floor. The bathroom was nice, and the fixtures pretty, but the doors didn't meet one another when closed fully, leaving a gap in the doorway to the bathroom, which means you could see right in (or out) to the bathroom when it was being used. And, since the doors had a gap between them even when closed, you could hear everything happening in the bathroom even out in the room at the desk.Two major cons - $16 for internet? NO wi-fi in the rooms, even for a fee? AND, $15 to use the gym? To run on a treadmill?! Seriously? The random additional charges were absolutely ridiculous. Also, we tried to use the pool but it was closed for 'cleaning', so the only free amenity at the Hilton wasn't even usable! We asked for a late checkout, and were told the absolute latest we could get was an extra 30 minutes. That seems ridiculous. Finally, the staff at the front desk was not very friendly. We didn't get a bill under our door, and when I called to request one was told that we did, in fact, get a bill under our door. The hotel was very busy and I understand the staff are probably constantly stressed with all the conference traffic, but a friendly staff person or two would have made the experience a little better. Next time I'll spend less money and stay at a much better hotel!	
Aug 8 2009 	Excellent location service amenities	I'll start this one with the negatives, of which there are very few: I think it's appalliing that a hotel of this size and caliber must charge even their Diamond Honors guests for access to the internet. Really, $15.95 per day? What an impressive profit margin that must generate! Also, the Starbucks in the lobby appears to be chronically understaffed, and lines for coffee in the morning are ghastly. Those are the only negatives I can think of.On the positive side, we loved our room (2900). We usually take two rooms when we travel, since we have two teenage boys, but this Jr. suite was large enough to accomodate all of us, including a rollaway bed, and never feel cramped. The housekeeping staff was wonderful, from the immaculate (and speedy) care they took of our space, to the wonderful man who brought our rollaway and thought we might need extra toiletries, extra towelsand water glasses, too, to the folks we passed in the halls who never failed to greet us and make us feel welcome. The front desk staff, bellmen, and concierge were friendly, helpful, and responsive. The lobby was comfortable and mostly spacious enough to find a seat and not be overwhelmed by crowds. We appreciated, as always, the amenities that come with Diamond Honors status, like free breakfast and use of the fitness center. If only it had also provided the internet access.There are excellent restaurants within walking distance, in addition to the Urban Tavern in the hotel, which was quite good.	
Aug 8 2009 	Very Nice	I have stayed at this hotel approx. 12 times over the past 6 years both for business as well as pleasure. I have never had anything but an excellent experience. The standard rooms in tower 3 are a little small. The junior suites are very nice and give you the extra room. Additionally, I choose this hotel for its location. Union Square has lots of restaraunts and shopping with the BART station all within walking distance.	
Aug 8 2009 	Good chain hotel bordering a bad neighborhood	I've had some very nice rooms with spectacular views at this hotel but have also wound up in pretty small rooms when a huge conference takes the three towers over. Even being a Gold or Platinum Honors member isn't much help if the hotel is hosting a huge group.When it's tough to get through the lobby and the elevator wait impacts my schedule, I wonder why I didn't select another of the city's many hotels.This was one of those visits. All that said, the location is convenient to Union Square and also to the Moscone Center. Just be aware that the hotel is on the fringe of the Tenderloin .I'm sure the developers assumed the hotel would lead to a cleanup of the area when it was built a few decades ago, but that never happened. Be sure to pay attention when walking around at night. and stick to the side of the hotel closest to Union Square.	
Aug 8 2009 	noisy!	Noisiest hotel room I've ever stayed in. My room faced O'Farrell street and there was a garage across the street that sounded an alarm every time a car exited to warn pedestrians. It was as if I had a clock alarm in my room go off every 30 seconds.I'm puzzled why I was given what must be one of the worst room in the hotel. I booked six months early and checked in at a reasonable hour (3:30pm).	
Aug 8 2009 	Excellent stay	We enjoyed our stay at the Hilton Union Square very much. Check -in went very quickly despite the many travellers visiting this hotel. We had reservations for two double rooms, since we're a family of six, but were upgraded with one double room and one suite. The suite turned out to be very comfortable during our stay with teenage kids. The hotel is situated within few minutes of walking distance to very many points of interests. China town, Mario Botta's building of Moma, beautiful gardens, great shopping area, nice restaurants.We had a great time in San Francisco and one of the reasons I would without any doubt visit this hotel again in the future is the great service of the staff.	
Aug 5 2009 	Large busy hotel with excellent service and amenities in a great location	This hotel is very large and busy. I'd stayed here before for one night as a wedding guest. Both visits were good. Rooms vary a great deal in their features but staff is attentive, helpful and extremely professional. The location for this hotel is probably its best feature -- near Union Square so you're close to shopping, BART stations and walking distance from many San Francisco attractions. This is a busy, nicely appointed hotel where the hustle and bustle make you feel like you're in the &quot;big city&quot;.	
Aug 4 2009 	Great Location	We stayed at this hotel for three nights. We enjoyed our stay here and found its convenient location to interesting attractions and shopping to be its best feature. This is a huge hotel whose lobby resembles a grand train station of the past. We enjoyed getting our starbucks (located right in the lobby) and people watching in the comfy chairs in the lobby. The room was clean and fairly basic and the staff were generally helpful and efficient. 'I found the price to be a bit expensive and think a complimentary breakfast of sorts should have been included.In general though, we recommend this hotel.	
Aug 4 2009 	Good Hotel - Marginal Area	Travel often to SF for business and have great luck using Priceline and getting 4-star hotels cheap. Go 2-nights for $75/ea. You somewhat take a chance, but never been disapointed with assigned hotel in SF. All very good.The hotel was very good for business. It is a large hotel with a huge bustling lobby. Check-in can be a little challenging due to the crowds, but it moved quickly. The way the hotel is set-up you have multiple towers. I got tower 3 while traveling buddies got 2. Tower 3 is a little walk. Next time I will request tower 1 or 2.The room was of good size for SF. The bathroom was very small with a stand-up shower and no tub. I like this but be aware. If my wife would have come, the bathroom would have been too small. For single traveler for a couple of days it was fine, clean and well appointed.The rest of the room was almost very good. Good use of space with large bed, very large desk/work area and even a chair. Flat screen TV and plenty of outlets to plug stuff into. The decor is dark wood and understated elegant. Very happy with the bed - lots of pillows. Couple of things about the hotel:1) Parking is terrible anywhere in SF and you get robbed at hotels. The Hilton is no differnet. $50/night to park. You park in an attached garage and it is a little of an effort to pick-up the car versus other valets right in front of the hotel. Took about 15-minutes to get versus others in the area.2) Very good location for getting around. Cabs are plentiful and you are within easy walking distance of Union Square, Nob Hill, AT&amp;T Park and anything along Market. We even walked to the North Beach area to have dinner at our favorite restuarant, North Beach Italian. After a big pasta dinner, the walk back to the hotel was very enjoyable (about 2-miles). If you do it right, you never go up or down a hill.That leads me to the only bad part of the review. The Hilton is right on the edge of nice area and shady area. I dont worry about moving around most US cities, but there were a couple blocks south/east of the hotel that I did not feel safe. The homeless are always an issue in SF, but the aggressiveness of the homeless and young beggars is starting to become too much. I would not recommend any women walk anywhere around the hotel after dark and only with a group anytime. I was even a little nervous closer to Union Square due to the number and aggressive behaviour of some of the derlicts. Just be prepared.	
Aug 4 2009 	Great for a trip not so much for conferences....	The conference I attended was 5 nights and 4 days long. It was great to stay at the hotel and the hotel itself is nice. Positives include: good customer service, nice bathrooms and amenities, great location. Negatives include: noisy if on a lower floor, difficulty navigating the hotel (rather large), too soft beds and pillows (could be a positive for some), expensive dining. I would stay at this hotel again if I were traveling for leisure but for those thinking of holding a large conference here I would look elsewhere. The meeting rooms were difficult to find and the 4th and 6th floor meeting space is crowded in between sessions.	
Aug 3 2009 	Room was good but housekeeping was fantastic!	Needs more on site food and coffee places and a deli or ? Had one Starbucks that always had a very long line and was not open in the evening. We had to leave the hotel to get a good coffee and snack. Had only one restaurant and room service was way too expensive compared to other cities.	
Aug 2 2009 	Not recommended	Stayed 4 nights split into two 2-night stays in the same week. A very busy hotel, often holding conventions. The lobby is always full of people and you always need to queue for concierge, luggage or front desk. If a noisy crowded lobby is not your cup of tea, this is not your place.Front desk staff are like robots. We first stayed 2 nights in Tower 3, 10th floor. Tower 3 lifts are on the far side of the building (you need to walk 2 or 3 minutes from the front door). As soon as we got up to the room we saw it was immediately next to the ice machine in the corridor and it could be heard from inside the room. Immediately phoned front desk requesting a room change. &quot;Impossible, fully booked, we'll try tomorrow&quot; (??). This is not a 10-room motel, it's actually a hotel with dozens (if not hundreds) of rooms like ours but tough luck. Fortunately, humming eventually stopped and it didn't bother us during the night. Next day the staff phoned to arrange the room change (nice of them actually) but we said it was OK.Back 2 days later, we check in (receptionist can see that we are carrying loads of bags). We get given a room in Tower 3, floor 10, room 1050 (I think). We walk to Tower 3 lifts, then to our room. It was so far away from the lift that we didn't even get to the door, we turned around (we weren't even close!) and went back to ask for another room. We ask for a room closer to the lift. Big problem. Eye rolling. Guess what, they're fully booked (again). After much searching they can find a room in Tower 3, floor 18. We go up. It is closer to the lift, but the room is old and overlooking the swimming pool. Windows are filthy. Room is so different to the other 2 that It looks like we've crossed a cosmic portal into a completely different hotel!We go back down (I'm fuming by now). Finally we encounter a non-robot at front desk (3rd time lucky) who can actually manage to put himself in your place. We get a room in Tower 2, 18 floor. By this time we're not even carrying all our stuff in our room safaris, one of us stays in the lobby with all the stuff while the other one goes up. Tower 2 is right next to the main entrance on O'Farrell St. Nice. Room is close to the lift and is a new room. Has 2 Queen beds instead of King bed but we can live with that. Finally, after 2 stays in a 4 star hotel we have managed to find a room that's not next to the ice machine, not a mile away from the lift. Not perfect, but it's fine.Begging for a decent room in a 4 star hotel with their rates? Not my idea of a good hotel...My advice if you must stay there, ask at the front desk to be shown a map of where your room is to avoid trekking trips.The Hilton SF actually penalizes you for having a car because they charge exactly double price to all the parking places around them: 50 $ vs 25$. There's literally 8 or 9 parking lots and garages in the 4 blocks surrounding the Hilton that seem to make their living from the Hilton customers that cannot be bothered to be ripped off. I understand that the Hilton's core business is not parking and they probably do not have space for all their guests to park there, but you would have thought that parking would actually be cheaper for customers than normal street rate (it is like that in many hotels in Europe, even free parking for customers in many of them). A kind of perk for staying at the hotel. Not at the Hilton SF. Here, parking is part of the luxury.Of course everything else is also too expensive (internet, breakfast) although the room is already in the 150$ range. Not good. Stay away. Really.	
Aug 2 2009 	Great value IF you are Hilton Honors Diamond or higher; neighborhood is sketchy.	I spent two whole weeks for business travel at this Hilton in July 2009. The hotel is very nice overall, close to Union Square neighborhood, cable car on Powell street and public transportation at Market/Powell bus and metro/BART. I enjoyed a fair sized room with a fabulous view from the 43rd floor. I also enjoyed the excellent fitness center. Since I am a Hilton Honors Diamond level member, I was able to enjoy the higher floor and the fitness center without paying extra. The maid service was quite good (don't forget to tip daily if you want VIP treatment). The Urban Tavern restaurant offers interesting fare and some nice wines at usual center city hotel prices. There is a Starbucks in the lobby, priced higher than most of course. The rooftop pool and hot tub looked lovely, but it was too cold outside to take a dip. Those things aside, the downside to this Hilton is threefold. 1. Do not stay at this hotel if you want to use the fitness center and are not a Hilton Diamond or higher as the hotel charges $15 per day for the privelege of entering the Spa fitness center. This is not stated on their website; you just see the little fitness center icon. 2. The neighborhood is really the Tenderloin district, quite a down-and-out neighborhood, not really Union Square area as advertised. Walk to the east when leaving the hotel, and avoid the streets to the left and behind the hotel. 3. If you need to rent a car, the hotel charges a ridiculous upcharge to arrange a rental. Cross the street in front of the hotel, and rent a car directly from any one of 4 rental car vendors. It is cheaper to rent a car each day than to park at the hotel ($54/day to park at Hilton).	
Aug 2 2009 	Fine hotel with overpriced amenity extras	&quot;negotiated&quot; a good price thru an on-line service and found the room, while small, to be clean and comfortable. Hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. $16 charge for 24 hours of internet service was over the top, IMO. We didn't have a car but noticed that parking at the hotel is very expensive. Parking can be found across Ofarrell street for $24 per day - less than half the hotel daily charge. Hotel location is excellent - close to shopping and public transportation.	
Jul 31 2009 	Turning 35 with your best friend in San Francisco = priceless	Great location in Union Square, through Amex, $99 per night, steps away from shopping, easy cab ride to nightlife (if wearing high heels), beautiful lobby, very friendly staff, professional, great front desk check in, excellent concierge, very clean rooms, comfortable bed, sliding doors facing the pool, fab bath and body products, gift shop, room service, heated swimming pool, hot tub, nice restaurant on site. My only negative is the series of charges that come along with using the internet in the room $16 or in the lobby, $15 per person per day for the gym etc. Regardless, I can't wait to come back!	
Jul 30 2009 	Nice hotel but limited perks	This is a very nice hotel. The rooms are comfortable and clean. The business halls are nice and they have a good restaurant (Urban Tavern), gift shop and pool. The only thing that I did not like about it was that there is not wireless internet in the room (there is in the lobby). You have to connect via Ethernet wire in your room, which is annoying when you are sharing a room. I understand that you have to pay for internet but they should just put that into the cost of the room and make it wireless throughout. Also, the other thing that was annoying is that you had to pay to use the gym - $15 a day. That should be included.	
Jul 29 2009 	Overall good experience	The room we booked was very simple and clean, but the decor was very nice. The people behind the front desk were very friendly and helpful. The one problem we did have was the shower. The shower was both cold and un-enjoyable due to the low water pressure.	
Jul 28 2009 	It is extraordinary luxury in a beautiful city setting.	The service was superb. I was on crutches during this visit and everyone was very helpful. The room had a beautiful view of the city. I loved the Starbucks in the lobby. Our conference had both breakfast and lunch served in the ballrooms. The food was delicious, especially the breakfast, the choices were outstanding. On Sunday night, we had an opening reception with some tremendous food selections. The grilled vegetables and pizza were delicious. The desserts were out of this world; the chocolate fountain was very popular, but my favorite was the cream puffs.The room was a nice size for a downtown hotel. The location was close to shopping and excellent restaurants. The trolley and BART system was close by for transportation.I loved the food prepared by the hotel the best; I probably would have preferred the Urban Tavern, the restaurant in the hotel, to have a few stand-by selections, like some sandwiches for the kids.	
Jul 28 2009 	Great Location	Friendly accomodating staff, great location, clean room, beautiful bathroom, lovely experience. Would definitely go again!	
Jul 28 2009 	I think the Hilton San Francisco is GREAT!!!!	I have stayed at the Hilton San Francisco twice and I think this is a wonderful hotel. I know that I am a pain in the butt as a guest, but the Hilton always has an answer and is accommodating in every aspect possible. I would stay here again if I were in the San Francisco area.	
Jul 27 2009 	Good service and location.	We selected the Hilton based on their location and reputation. The service was great, which is to be expected of the Hilton name. The hotel is in a great location to go out and experience the city.It is not a hotel to bring your car, as the parking is quite expensive. You may want to investigate the parking lot across the street. Also, the bathrooms weren't large; but definitely not as small as we expected after reading previous reviews.It was a little noisy and the walls thin; but all things considered we enjoyed our stay.Hint for first time travellers to San Francisco: If you are planning to see Alcatraz, book it before you go as they were sold out for a week. We had to line up at 7am to make sure that we got tickets.	
Jul 27 2009 	The Hilton San Francisco is CRAP!	We stayed at the Hilton for our 1 year wedding anniversary. We were very excited about this vacation. From the very beginning at check in we received nothing but rudness and poor customer service. We were even purposely locked out of our room by the front desk manager because of their own mistake. I would not stay here or recommend this place to anyone. The hotel claims to be a 4 star hotel but is nothing more than maybe a 3 star and the customer service is not worthy of ANY stars!	
Jul 27 2009 	If you stay out of the minibar it's a good value. Comfortable  clean friendly.	My husband, mother, and I shared a lovely room on the 18th floor. It was enough space for us all during our trip and the room price was quite reasonable for such a central location. The attached restaurant had good food and service. However, the room was missing some amenities I am used to even in less luxurious accommodations. For example, the minibar fridge was available for food storage but there was little room for our &quot;doggie bags&quot; because of the grotesquely overpriced goodies in it. Honestly, who would pay $7 for a small bottle of water? Or $28 for a half bottle of wine? An empty combination microfridge would be more useful. We had a lovely stay but next time I'm taking a cooler! I'm also going to park across the street in the public parking ramp for half the price. Look on the internet for a garage near your hotel unless you are happy to spend nearly half the cost of the room on your car space.	
Jul 27 2009 	If you have to stay at any hotel in Union Square issue THIS hotel is the place!	I have to admit I am a business traveler but have never had the option to travel to this hotel in San Francisco. This will be my hotel when I am in San Francisco. The room was awesome, the service was stellar, and the location is the best. I would recommend this hotel over any others in the area (Marriott, Renaissance, Metropolis) without a doubt. I will definitely be back for the quality of the staff, the cleanliness of the rooms, and the location to shopping and fun. A must put on your list when travelling to San Francisco.	
Jul 27 2009 	What a beautiful hotel in a great location within walking distance in downtown San Francisco!	I stayed here for four nights to attend a Business Meeting. This hotel is close to great shopping and restaurants. I also found it convenient to use the trolley system, which saved car rental expenses and parking. Bonus points for having a Starbucks on-site!!!!! In addition, the room was roomy, had a wonderful view of the city, and was quiet and comfortable. I would strongly recommend this hotel to other travelers.	
Jul 26 2009 	Great location and style	Went traveling with relatives from Germany. We were 4 in total so the room was cramped and the bathroom even smaller but overall the room was comfortable and very clean. There were numerous activities located close by and most shopping and resturants were within walking distance.	
Jul 24 2009 	Great Location Comfy Rooms	Shopping was a focal point of our trip and definitely a factor when choosing a hotel. The Hilton is just a few blocks from Union Square and the extensive number of stores sprawled out around it. The only downside of the actual hotel was the room size. The room itself was extremely comfortable and clean, but a bit tight on space. We're planning a similar trip next year and we plan on staying at the Hilton again, but this time opting for a suite possibly. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jul 23 2009 	Good Pick!	I'm an experienced Business Traveler traveling with family on this occassion. My niece is starting College Downtown in the fall so selected this location to be in the neighborhood she'll be in although I was nervous about the location - on the fringe of a 'seedy' neighborhood - but the hotel has excellent security both in and out as well as in the parking facility. We felt perfectly comfortable throughout our stay .The hotel is well equipped for both the Business traveler - plenty of staff, easy access to the Business Center, yet extremely accommodating to the Tourist.Rooms are smallish fitting a 'city' hotel, but well appointed and very comfortable.There is a Starbucks in the lobby of the hotel but plenty of other coffee and all kinds of dining options nearby. It is an easy walk to Union Square and all of the shopping there as well as the Powell Street Cable cars.I'd return on Business and will return as a tourist as we found an apartment nearby!	
Jul 22 2009 	Great Hotel - friendly staff - Good Location	have stayed here a few timeshighly recommend good value stay in san franciscodid the bikes while i was there worth a day trip	
Jul 22 2009 	great service and ammenities small room with thin walls	I travel pretty much every week for work, and it's been a very long time since I stayed in a room where the walls were so thin that I could literally hear the people talking next door. And, unfortunately, that was the problem with my room at the Hilton San Francisco.Of all the hotels that I've stayed in the Union Square area, the Hilton has the most up-to-date rooms, although the room I was given was small and tight with an equally small bathroom. I thought I was back in NY!It's a shame, too, because the hotel has lots to offer - extremely friendly and efficient staff, a few good restaurant choices and a Starbucks in the lobby, good (but not great) location 5 minutes walk from the Powell Street BART station. Just make sure you watch where you walk - this hotel's location right on the edge of Union Square also places it in the SF &quot;Tenderloin&quot; district. If you walk out the wrong door you'll find yourself in a pretty &quot;colorful&quot; (read that: seedy) street.	
Jul 22 2009 	Would stay there again tomorrow....	I stayed at the Hilton with my husband and my sister. The service was great from the time we arrived. A lovley lady called Julia at the front desk sorted our rooms and made sure my sister who was on her own and arriving later in the day was just a few rooms away from us and that everything was ready for her when she arrived. The rooms were lovley, clean spacious and we had balconys outside and although we were on the 16th floor we had a swimming pool outside aswell. The service from all the staff was second to none and we enjoyed our stay there immensely. The lobby was friendly and had a great starbucks there for morning coffee. Great location close to everything you could want. Cant recommend this hotel highly enough.	
Jul 22 2009 	VERY LARGE HOTEL	After traveling from LA and having stopped in the best Hilton in City Walk, this hotel was a little disappointing. Staff very friendly and the hotel was very clean and in an excellent position.	
Jul 21 2009 	An excellent combination of convention resources and comfortable amenities.	The three-towers of the Hilton SF offer the business traveler the ability to work and relax in style. The sigh and sound room gives you the best of an office away from home and the chance to relax with a good film or music. Spa and Fitness Center, along with roof-top pool make this Union Squiare classic a must do.	
Jul 21 2009 	Great Time. Planning next trip...........	We got the Bart from SFO airport and it takes around 15-20 mins to the Union Square station, then its a couple of minutes walk to the hotel. First impressions of the hotel were good. The hotel is large but the rooms were clean, comfy and roomy. We were lucky enough to have a room on the 16th floor with a view of the heated pool. Two things that may annoy people are the expensive prices of the well stocked mini-bar and the small hotel bar/restaurant URBAN TAVERN. As there are around 1500 rooms the bar was unusually small and cramped. But, who wants to travel all that way to just sit and drink in the hotel, there are many good bars( mainly Irish) around. Plus, Johns Grill is around the block on Ellis Street, its one of the oldest and celebrity popular restaurants in the US	
Jul 20 2009 	Probably not again...	We arrived at the hotel late for a one night stay; both very-very tired. The hotel is HUGE, in itself not an issue, but being fatigued we were a bit challenged. The room they gave us was at the end of the hall nearest the elevator... this room should rated unfit for human occupancy... be sure to make absolutely certain you are not near the elevators... good grief... The first night of our vacation at the Hilton on O'Farrell St. was a downer... again, we were seriously jet-lagged but, next time in San Fran will not find us at this Hilton...	
Jul 20 2009 	Good Room Great Location	Convenient to everything in the city, especially for younger travelers. While the nightlife isnt great directly around the hotel, it is walking distance to some of the major attractions, and never more than a $15 cab ride to any of the better bar districts.	
Jul 20 2009 	No free internet service but staff and room were great!	Hotel Lobby was beautiful. Our View and hotel room was very nice. There was confusion with the parking pass, but at the end of our stay the hotel came through! I did wish that they had wireless access or free internet access. Hotel staff were great and they were very busy! Overall had a great stay!	
Jul 19 2009 	Great location and decent amenities but too much nickel and diming!	Location was great and the service was good, but not great. For the room price, I would expect that the use of the gym/pool would be complimentary, but they charge 15 bucks a day. There are also charges for internet, parking, etc. The flat screen TV was a joke, as there was not even a &quot;Guide&quot; to what's on. Not that we spent much time in the room. Starbucks in the lobby was a nice touch and if you are lucky to get complimentary breakfast, it is really good. It's a close walk from the powell street BART station and very close to Union Square. Depending on who you spoke to at the concierge, you either got amazing service, or felt as if you were an imposition. The rooms were typical 3 star accomodations at a 4 star price. The water pressure was very low in the shower ... Otherwise, the rooms were clean and well maintained. The bed was very comfortable and the room did not feel small or cramped at all.	
Jul 19 2009 	California may have happy cows but not happy smokers...	Of the hundreds of rooms we could have booked for our honeymoon, this was possibly the worst choice we could have made. First, Orbitz and the Hotel sold us a room that did not exist. We booked a single king city view room - smoking (+$50 per night) for a six night stay. We arrived to check in and during a four hour process, discovered that there was no such room for smokers. Instead we were offered a room by the pool with a balcony on which we could smoke. No thanks. We were then offered a city view with two queens (thar sure looked like doubles to me), also with a balcony for our smoking pleasure. Well, it had a city view, but you'd have to sit on the balcony the entire time to avoid developing claustrophobia. These are the TINIEST rooms I have ever seen! And for all of you non-smokers who swear you can smell smoke 50 feet away outside, how do you feel about your room being given to us nasties? lol...Brian No Last Name, supposedly the desk manager on the evening shift, does not like to have his photo taken. I was actually taking a photo of my 24 hour husband, but he's pretty full of himself. He is a drama queen and dealing with him was painful at best. I had to walk away and let my more level-headed NEW husband deal with him. We were furious as the rooms had been booked more than a month in advance. Orbitz agreed to refund our hotel fees (and they did) and my husband hasn't allowed me to see the credit card statement to see what we were charged for the room in which we eventually ended up - a smoking room on the 8th floor - Hilton's &quot;Leper Colony.&quot;As compensation for their error (Thanks Margaret no last name, Hilton SF), we were given 6 ten dollar gift certificates for Starbucks - and neither of us drink coffee. However, I was able to spend and enjoy 5 croissants and a banana with two of those... Yes, $20 for 5 croissants and a banana. They were good croissants, though. Just like Wal-Mart's!If you step to the left when you walk out the front door, you will be subject to the street people that flock from that direction. Most are polite and do take no for an answer. Bellhops are always on duty and it feels pretty safe simply due to the amount of foot traffic in the area. It is a full two blocks from Union Square though, so I'm not sure what's up with that location designation. Easy access to the cable cars - get a Muni-pass and have a ball. :)Look at the hotel site's photos and then try to figure out how to get those rooms. To the best of my knowledge, they do not exist, even when they are booked six weeks in advance.I am in total shock that our service and accomodations at the Hilton were SO inferior to our accomodation at a midwest Super 8. Shame, Hilton, shame.Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. We will not be back.	
Jul 18 2009 	Expensive crowded service less than optimal small room.	We were there for a national convention, so I guess overcrowding was to be expected. Although we booked a room for 4 people, the room was very small (two double beds, barely room to move around for two adults and two children). The bathroom was very small. Corridors were narrow. Elevators were crowded. Check-in was crowded but did go fairly fast. I had requested a refrigerator online prior to our stay, and got an email confirmation, but when we got there they had no record of my request. We did get a small mini-bar refrigerator later the next day. We had to call for extra towels every day, as the housekeeper only left two clean towels for four of us. Parking was very expensive. There was only one restaurant in the hotel, which was crowded and had a wait to get in (good food though). The Starbucks there didn't have decaf coffee after noon, they said they only made decaf in the morning. Never had that experience at a Starbucks. Spa and fitness center cost extra. The pool was free, but outdoors, with no place to change clothes except a small bathroom in the corridor.	
Jul 18 2009 	Good location good lobby comfortable	I was in a tower room. Good view of the city and bay, plus a real balcony! I kept the balcony's sliding glass door open one night, but even on the 38th floor the city sounds were too loud for me and I kept the the door shut during the rest of my visit.Room had wired internet which was fast. However I consider it less convenient than a wireless connection that would have allowed me to move about the room. I was here with business collegues. The large lobby area has lots of comfortable chairs and was great for informal meetings and socializing. Lobby also has wireless internet.	
Jul 17 2009 	The Hilton San Francisco was in a great location for a wonderful trip.	The Hilton San Francisco:1. Has a sheltered pool on the 16th floor and a hot tub2. Rents space to a spa, which also has a nice physicall fitness area ($15 per day)3. The Bart, Cable cars, MUNI (light rail system), buses &amp; cable buses are close-by4. Consider taking the MUNI to/from the airport (only $8.10 each way - and better for the environment)5. Santorini (Mediteranean Cousine) has amazing food and is the best value in the area	
Jul 17 2009 	It was clean and predictable but nothing spectacular.	It was so huge and full of bustling,lost tourists that it felt like we were in an international airport. Kind of like the McDonald's of four star hotels. At first they gave us an ugly room with a view of industrial sized air conditioners and the neighboring building. But they easily moved us when we complained. I'd stay there again, but never for a romantic getaway.	
Jul 17 2009 	Disappointing	I, too, expected more from a Hilton. The rooms left a lot to be desired. Overall, the hotel needs a face lift. On top of all this - they tried to nickle and dime us for EVERYTHING. My husband is a Diamond member and travels 100% for his job. We have NEVER experienced this poor of service. We asked to have two sets of silverware delivered to our room and they wanted to charge us 4 dollars - a dollar for each piece - SERIOUSLY?!?! While we would have tipped this (and more), the fact that they stated there was a charge blew us away! Further, we ordered two glasses of wine and were chared over $40 - $20 per glass - I am not aware of any hotel that has that good of &quot;wine by the glass&quot; - we just couldn't imagine how this was possible?!?! If they are in the habit of treating thier BEST customers this way, I can only imagine how they would treat the common traveler. Bottom line, be careful of charges and if you are looking for some place nice to stay, you might want to consider another hotel.	
Jul 17 2009 	Very nice experience for our family...	My husband and I took our kids (11 and 13) for their first trip to San Fransico. We had a great experience with the Hilton. FIrst of all the location was very convenient - just a couple of blocks to Union Square - which also meant easy to find restaurants, easy to catch the cable cars along Powell. Pre-arrival we had requested a room on a higher floor so we could have a view. At first they were going to put us on the 14th floor - well, that was &quot;ok&quot;, but not really what we would call &quot;high&quot;. Then the desk clerk said she wanted to check on something - and offered us an upgrade to the 44th floor - the highest we could go! It was only $50 a nigt extra - AND they gave us 6 vouchers for breakfast at Starbucks (inthe lobby). These breakfasts were huge - any coffee drink, a pastry, a fruit cup, a cold beverage...we figured worth $80+. The room had a huge balcony - and the VIEW! Wonderful! So if you are offered an upgrade - TAKE IT! Well worth a few extra dollars. Beds were comfy - the rooms were quiet - everything was nice and clean. Oh - one more thing - there is a pool, which can be hard to find in a hotel in downtown San Fransisco, so that was a plus for the kids.Want a truly memorable SF experience? We rented bikes from Blazing Saddles on the Wharf and rode from there over the Golden Gate Bridge to Sausalito - then took the ferry back. It's something our family will not forget - it was incredible biking ove the bridge! (We left the Wharf around 11:00 and returned around 6 pm, so plan for a good portion of your day.)	
Jul 17 2009 	Absolutely Fabulous!	This is our second trip here at the hotel and they stayed true to their fine service. The hotel is so close to Union Square shopping and Macy's. The front desk staff whisked us through the HH members area efficiently and with a great upgrade. The balcony has a great view and its' nice for morning coffee. The room was very clean and the housekeeping staff were very friendly and helpful. The security staff were present and visible but not annoying, we felt very safe. I love the sense of pampering you get when you get to your room, I want that comforter!! The only thing we missed was the executive lounge on the top floor...please bring it back! Thanks for a great time, we'll be back!	
Jul 16 2009	OK but expected more for a Hilton hotel	The lobby and amount of people going in and out of the lobby were impressive, however the rooms were just ordinary and not anything &quot;special&quot; and the bedding had a musty, oily odor. There were only 2 food establishments in that huge hotel and one was a Starbucks. The walk from the elevator to my room was soooo long it was quite inconvenient and ridiculous. And on the day of our departure, the checkout time is 12 o'clock. However, the roommaid started knocking on our door at 11:00 and said that the next guest was checking in at 11:30 and she needed to clean the room, so she started cleaning while we were still in the room. She literally chased us out before checkout. What happened to the 3:00 check-in time? Don't they honor that?	
Jul 16 2009 	Good LocationNice Room Negative 5* Service	I spent 3 Nights &amp; 3 Days in the huge Hilton San Francisco hotel during the second week on July. This is a personal family vacation and we are there for general sightseeing. I like the location of the hotel &amp; the rooms. But I extremely dislike the service at the hotel. I am a Gold Member at Hilton but I got a very shallow treatment because I booked through Orbitz even though it is the same advanced booking rate at Hilton website. This is my 3rd Hilton in 4months and here is my impression of Hilton San Francisco on O’Farrell St.Location========Hilton San Francisco is in O’Farrell St and it is 3 Blocks from Union Square. It’s a 5-10mt walk to Union Square. This place is surrounded by restaurants and so no problem with food. Double Decker Tour buses (Open top Sightseeing) makes a stop at this hotel so no problem if you are in vacation. Also they have a Tower Tours Counter on site, so if you need to book any day trips you are all set there too. The Tower Tours will pick you up at the hotel. Parking is expensive in downtown and its $55/Night in the hotel. There is a huge parking garage right opposite the hotel and I remember the rate as $29/Night. Also, the parking garage had signs for Hertz &amp; Avis rentals; maybe there is a rental office in there too. You can walk 2 blocks to Powell to catch the cable car or 2 blocks to Market St. for Tram or Subway. No worries about public transportation. Of course there are taxi’s available outside the hotel and this hotel is a $40 Taxi ride from SFO airport. Also, Hotel has arrangement with Super Shuttle for airport transfers and I saw a board saying $15.Room====Now I got to talk to you about the Hotel. It is a huge hotel complex and it is built for Conferences. There are 3 Towers in the Hotel. Tower 1 is the 46 Story Tower which has some great views of the City towards Oakland Bay Bridge area. Going up from Floor 22 you get some views of the City and these rooms have nice LCD TV’s etc. Tower 2 is kind of the Connector between the Tower1 &amp; Tower 3 and it has some views of the City towards South San Francisco (distant almost non-existent water views). Tower 3 is the worst of the 3 Towers and is surrounded by buildings and your view either a parking lot or some junk building. Also, Tower 2 &amp; 3 has older model TV’s (Not LCD's) with 35 channels. I think you don't get full cable because I didn't see some channels like Discovery, Animal Planet, HGTV etc. I did get a peek at Tower 1 room and I did use Tower 2 &amp; 3 Rooms. Of all the 3 rooms my tower 2 room seems to be slightly bigger. Of course they have many different varieties of rooms, I don’t know which one I stayed in but all I looked at had 2 double beds.Rooms were standard, nice &amp; clean and had the usual amenities, but no Microwave or Fridge. Bathrooms were slightly bigger and clean.Food====There is a restaurant onsite called Urban Tavern, but I did not check it out. So I don't know much about it. They do have 24hr room service and I do remember seeing the menu card with sandwiches for $25 or $35. There is a Starbucks on site and if you get a continental breakfast coupon (either as a Hilton Honor benefit or you paid a Breakfast rate), the breakfast is at the Star Bucks!! Yes you read it right! The breakfast consist of 1 Grande Coffee, 1 Pastry (You can choose anything on the display), 1 Fruit Cup and 1 Juice or Water from the Starbucks.Service=======This hotel is Hilton Money Making Machine. This is built for conferences and so they do not care about others. I have stayed in many Hiltons in fact this is my 3rd Hilton in 4months (all personal trips).Also, I am a gold member and the service was appalling to me. Everybody seems to have a ‘don't care’ attitude there. I called them a week earlier and requested a high floor room and a microwave in the room. At the time of check-in it was not available. In-fact they gave me a 9th floor room in Tower 3. After reminding them of my request, they gave me a temporary 9th floor room and a promise to upgrade to 19th floor after 8PM. I took that option and when I returned back at 8.30PM to check into my 19th floor room, I was told that room is still not available and they cannot do anything other than my present temporary room. After I politely reminded them that I requested it a week ago, they offered me a 22nd floor city view room. I happily accepted it, took a long walk to my temporary room to collect my stuff and walk to the other end of building for the new room, only to find that the room is already occupied with stuff all over the room. I again took a long walk back to lobby only to be told they can do nothing and I have to go back to my old temporary room. I was appalled by their attitude at that time, they just gave me a key to an occupied room with people's stuff all around. What would have happened if I pick up some of their stuff &amp; leave? Nobody seems to be worried about it. It was already 9.15PM, I lost my cool and told them coldly that this is not the right treatment for the Gold Member and I would like to speak to the Manager. Hotel Manager Bryan Carlyle walked out and told me that I booked through Orbitz and sorry we are busy today and so they cannot change the room. I told them that I booked it through Orbitz because at the time of booking pre-paid rate on Hilton website &amp; Orbitz price was exactly same and so I did not book a cheaper room, I just booked for convenience with flight &amp; hotel at the same place. After some arguments, I was given a 19th floor room on Tower 2 and on a waiting list for Tower 1(which of course never happened!). By the Way, a microwave turned up on my room on the second day of our stay! My favorite service desk is Concierge, they don’t care about you. They would just give some random advice and go. Unless you persist more, you are not going to get much information. Not a very helpful bunch of people. BTW, each advice is different, including information about tour companies. Each one will point you to different tour companies. So it’s better, you do your research! They have 1(I repeat one) computer for printing Boarding Passes for the 1900 Rooms in the Hotel!	
Jul 16 2009 	Decent hotel bad neighborhood	I've been staying at this Hiton for a couple of years on business. The economy has taken it's toll on this particular hotel. The amenities that used to exist - everything from a VIP lounge to evening chocolates to shower caps - have disappeared. The hotel is still a good place to stay, but it is several blocks from Union Square. Also, it is situated next to a very unsavory part of town. Over the last two years, I have been increasingly uneasy walking around in the evening or early morning.Also, there was no rating button for the restaurant or room service. The restaurant is mediocre at best and the room service is extremely limited and very expensive. Fortunately, there are plenty of other dining choices in San Franciso.The staff are always friendly and helpful - especially the doormen.	
Jul 15 2009 	Comfortable stay however you are charged for everything!	The rooms were nice and cozy. The gym was great howevver it was $15.00 per day. The hotel also charged $0.75 for a newspaper unless you opted out! Internet was $15.99 each 24 hour period. No wireless internet in the rooms only in the lobby.	
Jul 15 2009 	Nice clean hotel	The hotel was spotless and the staff nice and professional. The rooms are a bit on the small side but that is the worst I can say. The location at Union square is excellent. Close to muni and cable cars. I had a great time in San Francisco and would stay again at this hotel.	
Jul 14 2009 	Overall good hotel convenient location - huge hotel	We stayed here for 2 nights - I had read about the long queues for the check in and about the homeless people in the area. But if you have been to SF, you have to expect some homeless ppl esp in the Union Square area. Location is convenient for the touristy (Cable Cars) to the practical (MUNI buses, BART). As mentioned by other reviewers, best not to park your car in the hotel parking which is over $40 (plus taxes)/night and you can easily get a &quot;in-out privelege parking&quot; in other garages within the block for $15-20 less. Regarding check -in, if you have a Hilton Honor membership (which is easy to get and is free) it's worthwhile since you have an express line. So we didn't end up waiting at all. The check-in service person was very attentive and thorough which we appreciated. The hotel is big - and we were up on the 3rd Tower above the pool area - and our room was not huge (as is expected in SF) but nicely furnished and clean. SF can be windy and cold so was not sure how the pool area was like but the fact that the pool area was surrounded by the hotel room in a courtyard style, the area was shielded from the wind so we could enjoy the sun and the heated pool and jacuzzi. This was prob the best part of the hotel. We would have used the gym but I understood that you have to pay a fee so we didn't go. We did have one incident on Sunday after noon when we came back from lunch - we were just dropping in to grab a few things - the room hadn't been cleaned yet but we didn't put the Do not Disturb sign since we were only going to be a few min. I was also using the bathroom. The cleaning service person came in - didn't speak a word of English and my partner had to tell her several times to &quot;please come back in 10 min.&quot; She didn't leave and she proceeded to open the bathroom door without knocking (and these bathroom doors do NOT lock!) when I was using it. I complained about this incident and the hotel service person promised to let the cleaning service ppl know but we didn't hear much after. That experience certainly did not feel like we were paying for 4 star service... I mentioned it again before check out and this time the person said, &quot;well, I recommend you put the do not disturb sign next time&quot; - the point, however is that he had asked her to leave and come back in 10 min, but she proceeded to open the bathroom door without knocking. If it's recommended to put a sign on the bathroom door, they should have extra ones in the room. it was pretty unpleasant to say the least. Aside from that incident, it was overall a good experience and a reliable Hilton quality property. Just don't expect much from the general staff - the cleaning staff do not speak much English (and we saw more than the one that dropped in on us).	
Jul 14 2009 	Bad Location	We came into the city to see a show, and had to walk from the hotel. I thought I'd be robbed at every corner. Stay somewhere else.	
Jul 14 2009 	Great customer service	As a regular &quot;road warrior&quot; ease of check-in is upmost importance and the San Francisco Hilton wins high marks for that function. My room was clean, the bed very comfortable, the bathroom amenties were adequate and the view (from the 23rd floor) was expansive and included the Bay Bridge, AT&amp;T Park and the Downtown Skyline.My request for a robe, additional towels and soap was quickly met. For that matter, my request for a late check out was met with a &quot;No problem&quot;. Just the way it should be.I have stayed at this hotel before and will plan to stay at it again due to the great location and great customer service.Yes, it is a large hotel but that said, it's great customer service ranks up there with the best small boutique hotels.Read the other reviews offered and you will see that most agree with me about this property.	
Jul 13 2009 	Superb	It was near the fashion district. You could just take a stroll &amp; get acquainted with the city. Eventhough we have checked out already, we just asked the Bell service to hold for our luggages so we could walk around the block. Also there is a Starbucks inside the hotel which was very convenient. Another thing, by mistake my little one ordered a movie &amp; video game on the tv. Upon check out, we explained what transpired to the front desk &amp; the manager agreed to take it out on our final bill.	
Jul 12 2009 	Beautiful clean comfortable convenient hotel	Very nice hotel. Beautiful room, clean, modern bathroom, comfortable bed. The best concierge we have ever had, they were helpful &amp; knowledgeable.Staff was all friendly and eager to make us feel welcomed. The only thing missing in the room was a comfortable chair. There was a desk chair but nothing else to sit on. We were also a little disappointed at the food facilities. There was only one very pricy restaurant in the hotel. The lobby bar was closed down and the Starbucks that was in the lobby was on average 70% more than the exact items in a Starbucks on the next corner so we went there instead. Hotel was located 2 blocks from the center of many activities so it was very convenient	
Jul 12 2009 	Worst night's sleep	While the Hilton San Francisco is conveniently located in Union Square, I would not recommend staying at this hotel. The rooms are small, nicely decorated, but have the most uncomfortable beds. I tossed and turned each night of my five night stay and certainly did not enjoy the accompanying squeaks. To top it off, one of my &quot;neighbors&quot; repeatedly smoked cigarettes and weed on my nonsmoking wing and hotel staff didn't seem phased. The hotel itself is large and impersonal with a fair restaurant bar where you can order decent appetizers and desserts.	
Jul 12 2009 	great deal nice room in good location super nice staff	My wife and I got a very nice rate by prepaying the room on the web ($109+tax). The room was sapcious, very clean and very quiet. The beds were extremely comfortable with down blanket and pillows. The service at the front desk was extremely friendly and the staff was very helpful (a surprise at such a big hotel). The hotel has a system of upgrades for a small fee, based on availability but we did not get it. We enjoyed our stay and will definitely consider staying here again if we get a comparable rate.	
Jul 11 2009 	Roiling lobby lovely room	Lobby was mobbed with conference attendees but staff was calm, friendly and efficient. We were able to arrive before noon and leave our bags for a day of sightseeing before returning to check in in the evening, and we were given a junior suite that was very comfortable. Also, we were given coupons for a continental breakfast from Starbucks - a long line in the morning but again it was efficient and the busy workers were friendly - we considered skipping the line for the hotel restaurant breakfast until we saw the $30 buffet pricetag. Coffee, croissant and fruit from Starbucks was just fine!	
Jul 11 2009 	There are better hotels in Union Square	My wife and I got a great deal at the Hilton on a last minute deal on Travelocity. We were put in the in one of the older rooms and it was extremely loud and not very relaxing. Other than getting a great deal I would not stay here. There are much better hotels in the same price range in Union Square.	
Jul 10 2009 	Lovely Experience- Super Nice Staff	Hilton was a fabulous place to stay! All the staff were very accomodating and nice. We loved our room (specially the super comfy bedding). We ate at Urban Tavern which has a to die for burger- yum yum!!!! Very easy walk 1 block over and down to the Powell Trolly pick up too. I have been to San Fran many times and that central Union Square area is my favorite to stay because you can easily access all public transit that takes you everywhere in the city. I would definietly stay here again.	
Jul 10 2009 	Hilton on O'Farrell St.; Tower 2 room; review and suggestions	I have a confession to make. I hate San Francisco. But just for the first day. By the end of a week I usually fall in love with the city all over again.Arriving at SFO is a hassle. Finding the sky bridge to the air train to the BART train, and then figuring out the crazy BART ticket machines is always a challenge, no matter how often we visit. Arriving to a downtown San Francisco jammed with summer visitors and then waiting in the long line at the tiny kiosk for MUNI passport tickets adds to the first day frustrations.Which is all the more reason to treat oneself to a really nice hotel room, like ours was at the downtown Hilton. A quiet, comfortable, and conveniently located hotel room is a great refuge from the craziness of the streets below. Especially when it is available at a heavily discounted price on the internet (more about that later).Some people prefer venerable old hotels for their local color. Others prefer trendy boutique hotels for their urban chic. We prefer four star, big box, business class hotels for their worldwide comfort and reliability. The San Francisco downtown Hilton is located on O'Farrell Street (between Mason and Taylor) a few blocks northwest of the Powell and Market Street BART and cable car stations, which is a convenient transportation hub for cable cars, buses, trams, and subway. The hotel is within easy walking distance of the Union Square and Market Street shopping districts. It is a longer walk to the SOMA district and Moscone convention center. It is a short tram ride to the Civic Center museums and concert halls. It is in the middle of the theater district.It is also near the Tenderloin district, which lies between Union Square and Civic Center, a typically American juxtaposition of urban wealth and poverty. As in other cities, the homeless and scruffy street people are generally harmless, but the hotel maintains a reassuringly visible security staff.This Hilton is huge. It fills an entire city block and has several separate towers of varying ages. Even though we had reserved and pre-paid a standard room, we were given a nice 14th floor room in the business class tower-2. An upgrade to a city view room in a higher tower would have cost $75 more, so we declined the upgrade.Best of all, our kind receptionist (Nathan) let us check in early (11 am) after our pre-dawn flight. At the end of our stay we were also allowed to check out late (1 pm) for our afternoon return flight. That is more generous than at most hotels.This review is based on our tower-2 king room. I do not know what rooms are like in the other towers, although they are probably similar. Some rooms surround the 16th floor outdoor swimming pool deck, which is filled with families during the summer.Our room was a bit larger than average, about 300 square feet, and was decorated in pale gold with burgundy accents. Furnishings were in a modern Federalist style. The king bed had a wonderful mattress and ultra-fine linens. Bath towels were extra large and thick. Room amenities included a coffee and tea maker, a mini-bar, an iron and ironing board, a wall safe, a flat screen (but not HD) TV, a large desk with an internet plug, and an armchair with reading light and ottoman. The travertine and tile bathroom had a single sink and a tub-shower combo. There were no bathrobes or slippers, no shaving (adjustable) mirror, and no bedside reading spotlights. A small table near the armchair (for drinks) would have been nice.A USA Today newspaper was delivered to our room on weekdays. The windows did not open, but the climate control worked well, and there was a small fresh air vent below the windows.Our room was wonderfully cleaned and restocked by our housekeeper Arnel. We always leave several dollars with a note each day as a tip for housekeeping rather than waiting till the end of our stays, and this seems much appreciated. We did not use room service or eat at any of the hotel restaurants. The room service menu was limited and rather expensive: soups $12, sandwiches $24, and main courses $36. The breakfast buffet was about $30. These prices sent us to other nearby dining options, which I will describe later.The hotel staff was uniformly friendly and efficient. We had one question each day for the concierge staff, and they were eager to help. They (rightfully) give priority those waiting in line, so our phone calls were occasionally answered by voice mail or placed on hold at peak times. In a hotel with 2,000 rooms this is understandable.The hotel public areas are attractive and quite busy. Although there are lines at the reception desk, they move quickly and one can easily check-out by phone.Hotel parking rates are high (over $50 per night I believe), but the huge parking structure across the street on the north has lower rates. Even if you do not have a car, be sure to stop by the Hilton parking garage entrance (in the southeast corner of the building) to see the decorative and humorous murals -- they are great homages to the San Francisco scene.As I mentioned, we enjoyed our stay at the downtown San Francisco Hilton. Our only disappointment is that most hotel chains (Hilton included) are surcharging and over-pricing more and more amenities, just like the airlines do.For example, use of this Hilton's fitness center is an additional $15 per day for hotel guests. An ordinary candy bar from the room's mini-bar is $7. (At Trader Joe's on Bay street near Fisherman's Wharf we bought two bottles of wine, a loaf of sourdough olive bread, a wedge of brie, a cantaloupe, and a quart of strawberries for the price of two Hilton candy bars). Any personal item forgotten in the mini-bar results in a $12 &quot;cleaning&quot; fee. An internet terminal in the business center costs $24 per hour. Savvy travelers can avoid such high prices and surcharges, but it would be nice not having to worry about being ambushed by them (I always check our folio well before check-out time to assure no mistakes are being made). The price of the room itself was very reasonable since we bid (blindly by hotel location and class rather than identity) on the Priceline website. We paid a non-refundable $85 plus $15 in fees per night for our stay. The Biddingfortravel website documented even better bargains for other weeks during the summer.We often travel for pleasure: so far this year we have vacationed in Paris, Hawaii, London, Shanghai, Chicago, and Vienna. Priceline provided great hotel deals in each location (except Paris which was a disappointment, and Shanghai which we booked directly to assure a convenient hotel location near the Bund).Large business class hotels with excess capacity benefit by selling rooms on Priceline, and we are happy to purchase them whenever we can.As a price comparison, for our travel dates in San Francisco, the usual large internet booking sites were offering the Miyako at $99, the downtown Hilton and the Mark Hopkins at $109, and the Stanford Court at $119 per night (all plus 15% tax and all discount rates non-refundable). Generally, the hotel websites have higher prices, and their &quot;best available price&quot; often is not.For those interested in San Francisco sightseeing and money-saving options, read on:SFO airport transportation: the BART train is still the cheapest option from SFO to downtown at $8.10 per person each way (allow 60-90 minutes for the journey, depending on waiting times). Surprisingly, the SFO BART station has three employees standing about, but they do not sell tickets in the station. One must use the ticket machines (cash or debit or credit card). These machines are bizarre. They automatically start at $20 and like a &quot;Dutch auction&quot; one must reduce the fare by repeatedly pushing dollar and cents buttons to bring the fare in line with one's destination, then push the &quot;print ticket&quot; button. Each passenger must have his own ticket to enter and leave the BART system. Half price tickets are available for seniors and disabled, but one must find a BART agent in the international terminal to purchase one, and they are sold in high denominations (much more than the airport fare) only. Go figure. Any public transportation in Europe or China is easier and more user-friendly than BART.Buses and cable cars: The best option for travel within San Francisco is the MUNI system, which includes buses, cable cars, trolleys, trams, and subway. One, three, and seven day MUNI &quot;Passport&quot; tickets cost $11, $18, and $24. Since the cable car alone costs $5 per ride, these tickets are a relative bargain. Seniors over age 65 can purchase a $15 monthly pass instead. Passport tickets are available at MUNI stations and at the Powell and Market Street sidewalk kiosk or underground visitor center. A MUNI map of the city for $3 is essential to use the system efficiently, since not all bus stops have a map.Sightseeing: The best deal anywhere is the series of free guided walks offered by SFcityguides, a volunteer organization sponsored by the public library. Their website lists the walks, which cover almost every neighborhood and hidden gem in the city. There are usually several walks offered each day. A donation (most participants give several dollars) is requested at the end of each walk to offset their office expenses. We have taken more than a dozen of their walks and have never been disappointed.Free venues: We always enjoy the Ferry building (bus #12 or the F-tram) and its thrice weekly farmers markets. The #28 and #29 buses stop at the brink of the Golden Gate bridge, where one can walk over the bay and along the coastline for fantastic views, if there is no fog. Golden Gate Park has a nice free arboretum and rose garden (in season) near the de Young Museum. The nearby Japanese garden is free for the first hour on some mornings. The huge new downtown public library in the Civic Center area (F-tram) has 15 minute free internet access and occasional free programs. A walk along Stockton Street in Chinatown is like visiting an Asian street market. Some museums offer free admission during the first week of each month -- check your guide book for listings. Fisherman's Wharf is free but junky. The nearby Hyde Street Pier, however, has nice free views of old ships and a nearby free visitor center with park rangers.Food options: We always start our day by taking the Powell Street cable car or bus #30 to Pacific Street just west of Stockton Street in Chinatown for dim sum at Y. Ben (#835) or Dol Ho (#808). The former is a larger, better option for those new to this Chinese tradition. Just take a seat and point at the plates of food you want as they are rolled by. You will be charged by the plate, and we have never been able to eat more than $7 worth per person (each plate is about $2). Our evening meal is usually a picnic in our hotel room. There is an expensive gourmet market in the basement of the Nordstrom (Westfield) shopping center on Market Street near Powell. We prefer Trader Joes or Safeway grocery stores -- check the internet for locations near your hotel. We usually stop at one on our way back to our hotel at the end of the day.Near the downtown Hilton: The Parc 55 Hotel diagonally southeast of the Hilton has a tasty and inexpensive Thai restaurant in its northwest corner (enter from the street level diagonally across from the Hilton parking garage entrance, or from the Parc 55 lobby). Most meals are around $7 and they are open from 11 am to 10 pm. An older restaurant across the street (Thai Siam) has the same name, but we have never eaten there. The west side of the Parc 55 building has an internet cafe which charges $7 per hour (as opposed to Hilton's $24 per hour). A donut and bagel shop is located across from the southwest corner of the Hilton. It looks clean and good, although we have never tried it. Mini-markets and liquor stores surround the Hilton, but we prefer the larger Safeways farther away for larger purchases. Boudin's Bakery has a sandwich shop on the street level at the back of the Union Square Macy's department store. They have famous sourdough bread. Early in the morning (8 am) one can usually board the Powell Street cable cars (without waiting) at the southwest corner of Union Square for the trip to the Chinatown dim sum parlors described above. Enjoy!	
Jul 9 2009 	This is my favorite hotel in San Francisco.	I like the San Francisco Hilton because it is centrally located and very comfortable. The staff has been helpful, as I use a walker. The room is quiet and relaxing. I attended the NAMI conference here from July 6-9, 2009. While at the hotel, I was able to walk to Macy's, the Westfield Center, Neiman Marcus. The restaurant &quot;Urban Tavern&quot; is conveniently situated on the ground level. Housekeeping does an excellent job also.	
Jul 9 2009 	Spacious Rooms	Very nice accomodations but way too many guest eating and drinking Starbucks in the lobby!	
Jul 9 2009 	Great	Had a great time staff was friendly. I thought the hotel rooms weere nice, clean and comfortable. The pool was great.	
Jul 9 2009 	Huge hotel. Don't turn left out of the hotel. Nice pool and hot tub!	Big hotel (apparently largest on west coast).Great heated pool and hot tub outside and comfy loungers.Internet very expensive.If you come out of the hotel and turn right towards the main shopping area and downtown it is fine. If you turn left then be prepared for a really nasty (and potentially dangerous) walk.A bit faceless but OK. Staff were good.	
Jul 9 2009 	Highly Recommend	I travel extensively for business and am very picky when it comes to where I stay. This trip was for a brief vacation and I was very pleased with the room, the facility, the location and the attentivenes of the staff. In comparison to the 6th AV NYC Hilton this location is more than twice as good at half the rate.	
Jul 8 2009 	Hilton people are great	Was at the Hilton SFO for business but it is always a pleasure. I love the new tower. The location is so convenient. The staff is always helpful.	
Jul 8 2009 	Great attitude - great stay.	Stayed at the Hilton San Francisco for a week leading up to 4th of July holiday. For a large hotel I expected impersonal service, but was surprised and delighted with the excellent quality and energy of all staff at the Hilton San Francisco. Even the gentleman cleaning gum off the sidewalk stopped what he was doing, smiled and said good morning. Everyone we encountered went out of their way to make our stay as easy as possible (difficult when traveling with a toddler). Plus a great location near tourist and business areas. Will stay at this hotel again when in the area - our stay was absolutely wonderful.	
Jul 7 2009 	FIx the heating/cooling system	Our stay was great. Room was nice. We asked for a room that had a door or window that opened and they accommodated us. It was a good thing that we asked, because our room was too warm for sleeping. We couldn't get the cooler to turn on. If you can go without a car you will save $50 a day for parking.	
Jul 6 2009 	Well run efficient and friendly	Had an excellent two night stay at the SF Hilton. The room was quite comfortable, with a terrific view; was able to watch the fireworks at the baseball stadium. It's also a well equipped hotel although it could use a dining option in between Starbucks and Urban Tavern. But, what struck me most was the friendliness of the personnel, which I don't expect in a big anonymous city hotel.	
Jul 6 2009 	Fantastic service awesome rooms!!	My spouse and I stayed at the Hilton SFO for 1 night for our anniversary and it was worth it! The room we got was great! It was spacious and we had a wonderful time. We will go back again!	
Jul 5 2009 	Great service central location and accomodations	Stayed overnight for the July 4th holiday. Arrived at 1pm and although there was a line for check-in, it was organized and was helped within 5 minutes. Our room was in tower two with a city view, but we were cautioned that it was not a great view. The room was spacious and came with refrig/coffee maker and work station. The bed was comfortable and room was clean and filled with hotel amenities. The only possibly negative thing was that we could hear the conversation of people passing by our room, but was not interrupted by any noise or conversation while we slept. Housekeeping was anxious to clean our room and called 20 minutes before check-out to ask when we were leaving--which was a bit strange. We still checked out before the noon deadline, but was slightly annoyed by the call.Overall, the location is excellent, just a couple of blocks from Union Square and the BART station at Powell. The Nordstrom mall is 2-3 blocks away as well. The busline stops right by the hotel if you are adventurous enough to take the bus!	
Jul 5 2009 	WELL DONE	By staying at Hilton, you guarantee a certrian base line of service. The Hilton San Francisco far exceeded:1. Efficient and friendly bell caprion2. Extra attention from bell hop. He obtained packing tape so a case of liquid wine country memories could be checked on the palnnce the following day.3. Great value at the prepaid price.4. DOn't ever underdress for San francisco. The natives I'm sure had parka's on the 4th of July!	
Jul 4 2009 	A little attitude goes a long way...	We visit San Francisco frequently and often use Priceline to book hotel rooms. Last week I booked a two night stay through Priceline at the SF Hilton for our anniversary. When I called the hotel to arrange for a king size bed, I was told that because I used Priceline, the hotel would not honor my request - I would get what was available. When we arrived, the front desk clerk said no king rooms were available. After pleading my case, a room was found. After all that, the room was great - next to the ice machine - but not too noisy... Very spacious. The bed was delightfully comfortable. The rooms have been remodeled and nicely decorated. The bathroom was beautifully redone. (We have stayed at this hotel on two other occasions.) The room was clean and the houskeeping staff friendly and helpful.Location? It is near the Tenderloin, but still safe. Many wonderful restaurants and theaters are within walking distance. Public transportation is readily available. The hotel is BIG, and impersonal. There are always conventions, functions and events going on in their meeting spaces.There was no wireless connectivity available in-room. You have to use a wired connection at $15.99 per day. A fitness center is available - for a fee.All in all, it is interesting how a little attitude from an employee can color one's perception of their hotel experience. Would I stay here again? My husband describes it as &quot;charmless.&quot; There are SO many great hotels in SF, from smaller &quot;boutique&quot; places like &quot;The Monaco&quot; to the Hyatts (Grand and Regency) that are friendly accomodating and go that slight bit extra to make your experience special. (In fact, we had a truly wonderful stay at the SF Hilton in Chinatown/Financial district.) If I have a choice, I would choose another hotel.	
Jun 30 2009 	Can't give enough praise for the Hilton San Francisco!	Decided to give the Hilton San Francisco another try, after a not so pleasant visit in the past. I’m glad I did!! The Guest Loyalty Manager ensured that my week long visit would be enjoyable and memorable. From the moment I arrived at the Hilton, I was put in good hands. The Front Desk agent was very friendly, told me to enjoy my stay and my beautiful room. When I got to the room, I was in awe at the beautiful view with balcony! Exceeded my expectations there! The room was beautiful and everything in working order. Shortly after getting to the room, the phone rang. It was the Bell Desk to let me know my luggage was on the way. Talk about promptness!The housekeeper kept my room was clean and comfortable all week long. One day I went on an 11-hour tour and forgot to take off the Do Not Disturb sign. Not a problem though – I called the hotel, the operator transferred me to Guest Services and I was told the room would be made up before my return. When I got back to the hotel, not only was the room clean but the Guest Service agent left a message to let me know he took care of it.I felt very safe at the hotel as there are many security guards standing all around the hotel – by the elevators, a few in the lobby, at the front door, etc. Even the doormen are awesome here – they actually open the door for you if they’re not busy hailing a cab for another guest.I enjoyed my stay so much, that I decided to let the General Manager know about it mid-stay. I called the operator and was transferred to the GM. He actually answered the phone himself, on the second ring. I was very impressed! He was thankful that I called him, and asked if there was anything else he could do for me.Whenever I needed something, I just hit the Guest Service button on the telephone and the agent would greet me with a “Good Evening Mr. ____, how may I be of service?” Love it!!I had an excellent seven night stay at the Hilton San Francisco and am very impressed with the service at the hotel. I NEVER ran into an unfriendly employee anywhere at the hotel, and can’t wait to stay with them again! I have already told my family and friend about them, and will continue to do so. Thank you Hilton San Fran!!!	
Jun 29 2009 	great value great hotel	I was a little weary after reading some of the mixed reviews about this big hotel in SF. But we could not have been happier. My partner and I were there for gay pride weekend. We thought the front desk staff was super friendly and accomodating, the room was clean, and the hotel had a nice happening feel. Yes, it's a big hotel. And yes parking is craxzy expensive....but come on people it's San Francisco! Parking is a joke everywhere......that's why you don't bring the car! Also, the restaraunt, Tavern something was suprisingly impressive. Great burger. We got a bargain via the internet and would definately stay again. Thumbs up.	
Jun 27 2009 	Too big too busy too blah	This is a gargantuan hotel, and completely impersonal. Just trying to find your room can be an adventure. The rooms are aging, and the lobby and executive lounge, to crowded to sit. I don't plan to return anytime soon.	
Jun 26 2009 	Not the usual Hilton staff	Stayed here for a conference, and fortunately didn't have to stay long. The people at the check-in desk were rude. The people at Starbucks were hurried and short. The customer service people who charged me twice for Internet service and then argued over giving me a refund were the rudest of all. We actually called Hilton and complained after this stay. The hotel itself is fine (not that I had a choice of where to stay). It's huge and expensive, but my conference's organization can't get it through their heads that we need to stay in a reasonable hotel. I really expected much better of a Hilton staff, though.	
Jun 26 2009 	Nice but far too expensive for the average traveler	My employer put me in the Hilton San Francisco while I was there on a work assignment for several weeks. The hotel has some great qualities. Those include the &quot;feeling&quot; of luxuriousness, the cleanliness, the courteous staff, some unbelievable views, and a great location.However, as with most hotels of this caliber, the feeling only goes as far as the appearances and the smiles. If you want any more than good visuals, you will be paying dearly for it.- Internet is $15.99 per 24 hours. This is the single most expensive internet I have encountered in my 12 years of traveling for work (to over 300 hotels in that time). I am an internet addict, but refused to pay this much. I ended up buying an aircard for my laptop and used that instead. When I did break down and get it on my days off, at least it was acceptably fast. But it's also wired. There is no wireless available. Lame. Oh, and they will charge you per computer, even though no more than one computer can be on at once. Very lame.- Room service dining is out of control. By the time you pay the additional service charges, delivery fees, tips, etc, even a club sandwich will cost around $40. A simple dinner for two will cost at least $100 and that's if you go light. In addition, a candy bar from the &quot;amenity center&quot; cost $7.00 and a bag of nuts $12.00. I mean, really??? I returned the key 15 minutes after checking in. On average, I get room service 2-3 times a week when I travel. In 25 days here, I didn't even consider it.- The fitness center costs $15 per day. For someone who just wants to use a treadmill for 30 minutes, this is rather ridiculous. My wife was training for the 3-day walk, but wasn't about to pay that kind of fee for three weeks. Luckily, just walking a city block in SF is training!- Their &quot;package room&quot; was never open when we were home from work, so we were informed of a $5 fee to retrieve the package.- The cost for parking is ludicrous. $52/night. I know, I know...it's San Francisco!! Whatever. You can park across the street for half the cost. And I did.Other annoyances:- The TV channel selection was horrible. We could never find anything to watch at night after long days at work because they only have the major networks, news stations, and some junk like MTV. Where are the staples like Discovery, TLC, National Geographic, HGTV, etc? Really bad.- We had quite an interesting time trying to get the hotel front desk staff to pay attention. After trying to reserve a rollaway bed at the front desk, the guy finally said (after numerous times back and forth), &quot;Well, I can tell you that Mr. *** is in the hotel, but I cannot tell you what room.&quot; Uh, what? That's me, and I asked for a rollaway bed. On another occasion, another guy just stared at my wife when she said she had a package waiting. After about 5 seconds, he said &quot;Uh huh.&quot; We have no accent, so it's not like we are hard to understand.- The rooms (at least the ones we and our friends were in) were tiny, and pretty marginal as far as decor. I also had several bath towels that felt like paper they were so thin and hard. But the view of the Golden Gate Bridge and Twin Peaks couldn't be beat in the evenings.I think this hotel would appeal very much to people who like to FEEL like they are in some really luxurious hotel because they are paying top dollar for every amenity. Or to people on company expense accounts who do not care what they pay for anything. If you like spending lots of money for basic services, then this is the hotel for you (I do know people like that!). My friend decided to move out and head to a 4-star hotel down the street which had free wireless internet, free breakfast, and a flat screen TV with a good channel selection....for much less per night. That's service in my book.I would never select this type of hotel for myself. I like to feel like I am getting something here and there...not paying absolutely insane prices for every single possible amenity and a postage stamp of a room. The only reasonably priced thing I found in this hotel was a fridge for $15 per stay. Now that I paid for without thinking about it.I've seen numerous reviews on here with a comment from the hotel manager saying she believes their prices are in line with the area. That's not an excuse. Had the amenity prices been reasonable, I estimate this hotel would have gotten about $650-$700 extra out of me. Instead they got almost nothing, because I took my money elsewhere. I am not asking for free anything, just reasonable prices. I would never consider staying here again.	
Jun 24 2009 	Service was horrible in the lounge!	My boyfriend and I were staying at a hotel near by the Hilton and wanted to find a cool bar to get a nice glass of wine. We saw the Hilton and thought &quot;wow what a cool bar&quot;. We went inside and took a seat in the bar. Thank god it was happy hour because the prices were high. I also couldn't believe that there were 4 people behind the bar and only 1 wait staff member that was running around crazy while the people behind the bar just stood around. I saw many people leave because no one would wait on them. When we sat down at the couch in front of the windows the bartender came and took our order and then put the drinks on the bar and said here you go. Didn't even walk the drinks to our table. What service. We felt bad for the server cause there were so many bartenders and no one willing to help. As we walked out we saw the manager at the front desk playing around on the computer and gabbing on the phone (personal call) and not managing the wait staff. Pretty lazy. We will not be back here.	
Jun 23 2009 	Great Staff - Accommodating and Knowledgeable Great Location 	This hotel was perfect for me. It's in an excellent location - a couple of minutes' walk to public transportation, Union Square, cable car, excellent shopping at the Westfield Mall where there is an enormous food court providing a tremendous selection of high-quality and moderately priced foods. The staff is very knowledgeable and accommodating. -- pleasant and professional at all times. The rooms are nicely furnished and the beds are very comfy. Since this is a large hotel, you can expect to find a lot of people there and a lot of activity. It's not a place to go if you're planning to sleep 10 hours a night.	
Jun 22 2009 	Typical Quality......and close to the action....	Typical Hilton.....nothing too special, but in a decent location.......	
Jun 22 2009 	2000 Room Warehouse	Hotel is huge - and feels like it. No personal service, no one knows your name. Staff it always rushed. Long lines to check-in. Rooms are tiny. Internet is expensive ($7/hour) and is not even free in the lobby. Hotel has a large convention business, and that's clearly where they put their focus. Guests who are not part of the convention get treated accordingly. Way to expensive for what you are getting. Go elsewhere for a better value and a better time.	
Jun 14 2009 	Very bad experience rude staff . High price for what they offer	First time in SFO after 23 years. Picked up the hotel because of free one night offer through Hilton Honor credit card !! Very bad choice . Staff got so mixed up and confused with one free night stay. Did not clean up the room the first night , we came back to our hotel at 6 PM no fresh towels, no soap, bed not made , no fresh cups or coffee. Missed our dinner reservation, since we had to wait for cleaning crew to come and fix the room :( the next day they did the same mistake but this time they clean the room and again taught we checked out and they disabled the room, had to call the security to let us in our room and almost missed our ride to the Airport..... No communication between front desk and staff. Felt like Motel 6 but $200 per night!!!	
Jun 13 2009 	Nicely Located but expensive	I stayed in this hotel about three years ago for business and it was enjoyable. We decided to stay here on a trip to San Francisco for a family get away. The rates we got from Expedia were excellent, compared to the standard room rate. Be aware, these rooms are small in comparison to most other Hilton properties. They are however, well appointed in the typical Hilton fashion. The staff is very courteous and helpful and the hotel is close to Union Square and the Cable Car Lines. Rooms in this hotel face either the pool or the city, so if you want a room with a view of the city, you'll need to request that.The &quot;gotcha's&quot; with this hotel are the nickel-and-dime fees for things other hotels, even other Hilton properties, don't charge for. There is an internet cable in your room but it will cost you $15 to connect. There is a spa/gym on site, but it will cost you $15 to use the gym. My wife saw that there was a fee and I called the desk to inquire what the charge was. I was told that because I was a Hilton HHonors member there would be no charge. When the $15 charge appeared on my bill, I questioned it and was told they charged me because my membership level wasn't high enough. We had breakfast in the lobby restaurant for convenience, expecting it to be expensive, but not expecting them to put an automatic 15% tip on the bill for a party of 3, and then ask for additional tip - on a buffet. Parking at the hotel, for guests, is $51 a night, without in-and-out privileges. However, you can park directly across the street from the hotel at a private, secure garage, for $26 a night with in-and-out privileges. Beware! San Francisco has a 25% parking tax, so you will pay the posted rate for parking + 25%. This property is nicely appointed and convenient but watch out for the incidental charges. Truth be told, there are hotels that are just as nice in the area, for around the same price that won't nickel-and-dime you. I don't think I'd stay here again.	
Jun 11 2009 	No complaints	Stayed for 3 nights from June 5th to 8th and enjoyed our stay. Although the room was standard Hilton, the price was right (Priceline $65). The best features are: close to all the action (Union Square, Chinatown, Powell Street, shopping), lots of security guards, quick and professional check-in, Starbucks in the lobby, wonderful restaurants closeby. The negatives: huge place- seemed impersonal, and very expensive room service.	
Jun 11 2009 	Good experience..location?	My first impression usually is a lasting impression. When I walked into the foyer after a long intercontinental flight, waited patiently for the shuttle bus, I was reminded that I had booked at the &quot;other&quot; Hilton down the street. But do not despair, the agent reassured me, he was going to honor my reservation, inform the other Hilton... Now for a traveller who has been on the road for over 6 hours those are reassuring words.The foyer was classic, staff very courteous, neat and with a terrific smile. The room I got was a corner room with all the business accoutrements I look for-- double bed, internet access, desk that can be moved so one can do his/her work, watch TV :-)As part of a conference meeting the hotel had capacious rooms, plenty of nooks and cranies for wandering and of course courteous staff everywhere.The surrounding outside area was a slice of the San Francisco you would get at the tenderloin district. Great restaurants within walking distance, grocery stores for picking up yogurt and fruits if you desire. Of course, there are always pan handlers to deal with. Comes with the territory. The current economic scene makes it doubly sad since some of them looked less unkempt than you normally see.. clean finger nails and well groomed hair..Overall, I was very pleased with the hotel and surely the first impression colored my thinking.	
Jun 9 2009 	good location and good value	This is a good choice for any visit to the city, good location and decent hotel. Staff are very friendly and helpful, sorting out our room when we were just not happy with it. Tower 1 is the best place to stay, especially on a high floor with fantastic views.Room service and mini bar are very expensive and you would not want to use them unless you need to, but there are loads of really good places to eat within a couple of minutes of the hotel.Getting to the hotel from SFO airport is very easy, taking the BART to Powell and then a 5 minute walk.If you are into Starbucks there is one in the lobby for your enjoyment.It also should be noted that streets heading away from Market are not so pleasant with a soup kitchen close by and bad smells where people has been caught short, but I dont think many people staying at the hotel would have any reason to experience this.	
Jun 7 2009 	Perfect location 	We stayed at the hotel for two nights before our cruise so needed somewhere central. The Hilton on O'Farrell st. is perfectly positioned to explore nearly all that the city has to offer. The staff were extremely professional and answered all our requests promptly. The room on the 17th floor in tower 3 was a good size, clean and high enough to escape most of the usual noise you assocaite witha big city. The buffet breakfast was very well run with a good choice every morning. There is a Starbucks in the huge reception area and this can be useful for a quick snack to go. Overall we enjoyed our short visit to San Francisco but would use the hotel on a return visit to the city.	
Jun 6 2009 	Good location	I stayed at the Hilton San Francisco on O'Farrell St in May for work and then added a few days with my husband for vacation. The pros of this hotel:*check in/out was very fast and efficient- lots of friendly staff*concierge- very helpful*starbucks inside the hotel*central location- walking distance to Union Square as well as many great restaurants (ie. Asia de Cuba)*car rental places directly across the street from hotel*close proximity to cable cars*good security*shuttle available to airport	
Jun 6 2009 	Giant hotel but nice stay	This hotel is GIANT, but it was a nice Hilton. I also got a complimentary breakfast for being a Hilton member. Only thing I would even complain a little about is that when I went to mail a letter in the morning, one of the desk clerks was a bit cranky - but I am just splitting hairs now.	
Jun 5 2009 	Tooo Big But OK....	This Hotel is massive. Different sections (Believe 4) with different decor, didn't much care for that. I had to change rooms 3 times, once for the view the other 2 for the noise coming from the generator. But to their credit at least they were willing to change me.The Hotel rooms in good taste and average size. Again depending on which wing you get the decor can be more up-to-date than other wings. No proplem with the room's facilities.Lobby was very busy. Front desk was very accomodating. But the security guards stationed at the entrances after 10pm is a BIG turn off though.	
Jun 4 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location	Even though I live only 30 minutes south of San Francisco, it's always nice to have a night out in the city without having to worry about parking, driving home, or wondering how far you'll have to walk to high heals. So when we decide to paint the town red, we always stay here. The rooms are nice, the view is fantastic, and the location is perfect.	
Jun 2 2009 	NOTHING even comes close for $99 to $139/night	clean, wonderful hotel within walking distance of many cool areas.......just up from Market st. at the heart of Union Square shopping district.If the price is right, you can't beat this place.Swanky but cool.	
Jun 1 2009 	The best place to stay in SF	We stayed here on an overnight trip in San Francisco for my birthday and anniversary (although we ended up having the kids) and I am sooooo glad we chose this place. The location, the staff and the hotel itself is just awesome!!!!! First off I can't understand why this wouldn't be a five star hotel. I have stayed at so called &quot;5 star&quot; hotels and I was not able to tell the difference. I would recommend to book a junior suite. The rooms are very spacious and clean. The room we stayed in had a great view. The room also had spa like personal products (soap, shampoo, etc) by Crabtree and Evelyn which made my wife very happy. For breakfast we ate at the Tavern near the lobby. The food and service was great. The buffet had a variety of foods. I personally liked the smoke fish and cheese assortment. My wife liked the traditional scrambled eggs and sausage. If breakfast is not your thing there is a full Starbucks located inside the hotel. Location, location, location. The hotel is centrally located to shopping, transportation (cable cars, busses, taxis), and restaraunts. Bottom line we were obviously very happy with our stay. We often go to San Fran for weekend trips and will definitely stay here again.	
May 30 2009 	Great location small rooms.	The hotel has an amazing location, just blocks from Union Square, the Convention center, and the Cable car starting point. Rooms and bathrooms were smaller, but 3 of us were able to stay for a week comfortably in one room.	
May 29 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location Great Service!	I &quot;Won&quot; this hotel through a priceline bid for $75/night (for 6 nights). I had been a Hilton Diamond member until April of this year, so i very excited as I love Hilton's. As soon as I saw that we would be at the hilton, I did a search and found many repeated comments that this was a hotel with poor rooms, horrible service and bad location.Well, my experience was the opposite! After delayed flights and arriving at the hotel just a few minutes shy of midnight, I had expected the worst based on reviews. My friend and I were checked in by Melissa (I think) and she was VERY friendly and professional. As she was checking us in, I ask her &quot;that even though we have a cheap rate, could we get a quiet room not near an elevator or street level?&quot;. She said &quot;sure, even though you have a cheap rate, you still paid for your room&quot;. That made us feel great. She put us in an excellent room on the 38th floor with a great view of the city, Alcatraz, and the bay. Even better! The room was typical Hilton (layed out just like most I've been in), we never had a chance to watch TV, so I can't confirm if it was an older one or not. The room was very clean. My only complaint (and a minor one) was that the bathroom definitely needs an exhaust fan. Gets a bit steamy in there!When we checked in, we asked if there was a refridgerator in the room. She said no, but we could use the mini bar and just make sure we didn't leave anything in there when we checked out. Even with the stocked mini-bar, we were able to fit 14 yogurts, container of snap peas, and leftovers from dinners with no problem.We used the conceirge to book us Alcatraz tickets. Although she seemed preoccupied, she quickly booked the tickets and gave us excellent directions to Chinatown. The security guards were very friendly as well and were also great source of directions.The best part of the hotel was its location. At first, we thought we wanted to be in the Wharf area, NO WAY! This Hilton was right in the thick of it. Less than a 5 minute walk to TONS of shopping, trolley car to the Wharf, F-Line to Ferry Building (we walked back from the Ferry building though a bit buzzed from a Wine tour, it was an easy walk) and along the Embarcadero, busses to take you elsewhere. Just a short walk to Chinatown. SO convenient was this hotel's location!I would also recommend not taking a left out of the hotel (as does the hotel), we never did, but we ended up in Tenderloin while walking in another area and I can assure you that you don't want to be there!We didn't have a car, but I can confirm that the parking lot directly accross the street is cheaper. Though unless you need one because you are traveling by car from elsewhere or just making a stop on a longer trip, YOU DON'T need a car. There are tons of car rentals across the street from the Hilton if you decide you need a car for a day.When we got our bill there was a charge for call from our room, knowing that we certainly didn't make any calls, I called the front desk (we checked out at 3AM). They said the computers were down for audit, but they were take care of the charge. By the time I got off my first flight home, I had an updated bill with the charge removed!!Overall, if I make in back to San Fran, this is the hotel I want to be in!	
May 27 2009 	A Great Choice for a visit to San Francisco	We've visited the Hilton San Francisco several times and we find it to be a superior property, particularly in view of the fact that it is a huge place to manage. Its location near Union Square put visitors in the heart of San Francisco, with great access to all the city has to offer. Better yet, it is within reasonable walking distance of the Powell Street BART station, so if you don't pack too heavy, that's an inexpensive and convenient way to arrive from the airport. If you happen to be there on a Sunday, take in one of the &quot;Sunday Celebrations&quot; at the eclectic Glide Memorial Church across the street. You won't be disappointed and you won't have to dress up, either. It's also a short walk to the cable cars and Chinatown. (Frankly, we walked all the way down to Fisherman's Wharf and back, but some might find that more of a hike than they would like.)For this visit, we chose a cabana room on the 16th floor of Tower 3. These poolside rooms surrounding the pool, hot tub and pool deck areafeature fenced patios with a table and chairs . It's very nice to be able to walk outside through your patio door to enjoy the outdoors, complete with flourishing plants and palm trees. Rooms are nicely finished with crown moulding, well-chosen furnishings and a nice level of finish overall. Housekeeping is excellent and we found the staff to be especially friendly. Tired of boring hotel dining? Try the Urban Tavern in the hotel, which features an excellent wine list, craft beers and an imaginative menu that is served with a flair. In short, this is a Hilton that meets and exceeds franchise standards in all respects. Rates vary widely, depending on demand, but of the hotels we've visited in San Francisco, we give the Hilton San Francisco our top rating for quality and value.	
May 21 2009 	No complaints!	I feel compelled to write a review. I had read some negative reviews on this hotel and was concerned. I got an amazing rate on priceline... 1/2 of what the special conference rate was going for. Location is great.. near union square. It does border a slightly shady area... but the hotel had excellent security in place and I never felt unsafe. The room was clean and comfortable. The staff was friendly. If you are looking for a trendy, intimate experience... don't come to this hotel. But if you want a good, clean, quality room in a good location... then I would recommend staying here.	
May 10 2009 	Nice hotel but a bit too corparate	A nice hotel for a meeting, but a bit to big and not very friendly. The swimming pool was closed for 4 out of our 5 days and this was one of the main reasons we chose the hotel. The gym also cost 415 a day to use. The restaurant, &quot;The Urban Tavern&quot;, was very expensive, a buffet breakfast costing $25. The breakfast was very nice thought. The hotel was close to Union Square and the Cable Car lines. A nice hotel, but did not have the x factor.	
May 8 2009 	Good Hilton Good Location	Was here for a large conference - stayed for a week. Hotel staff is quick to respond to requests, rooms are clean and well maintained. The hotel is huge, however, with 3 seperate towers. Also, there is no real &quot;Bar&quot; in the hotel, but a &quot;Urban Tavern&quot; adjunct to the facility. Of course there are a zillion bars and such just a short walk from the hotel, so that's great. Very good health club, but it's only free if you're Hilton Gold or above. Never ate breakfast here because (a) it's very expensive and (b) there are about 10 places to go to have breakfast within a 5 minute walk.	
May 8 2009 	Hotel that does what it should	This is a city centre Hilton doing exactly what it should do.It is very well located as a base for sight-seeing. A huge hotel that operates very well indeed.Lovely large lobby area. You can relax and people-watch in there. Loads of helpful staff around.Rooms was big and clean. Bed big and comfortable. Great high-up restaurant with amazing buffet selection.	
May 6 2009 	Great Hotel - Hopelessly inconsistent service.	Great Hotel, good location, fantastic roof top pool, but the staff were either great or awful.The service varied from really helpful, to total indifference. In America I expected good customer service, here at this Hilton they could do with improving.Of particular note were an unhelpful doorman who just didn't want to know when we arrived as a family with two small children and a lot of luggage, to one of the conceige staff who just looked straight through us. Have a nice day.	
May 3 2009 	50 to PARK!!!	When I drove up I was given the information it cost $50 to park the car over night (FOR ONE NIGHT!!!). My first thought was wow and thank god I got a good deal on the internet and so much for that great deal. Unreal. It was a nice hotel we enjoyed our evening because we were not in the room much. We went out to the shops and restaurants in the area. The next morning we checked out and were off to the city sites. The Starbucks in the lobby is really fast even though many people go from working out to buying their coffee and like to be your space when they are all sweaty (that is not a hotel problem that is a people problem). The room was on the small side and the lobby needed to be modernized (according to my wife). They also said they had flat screen hotels but we didn't have one.	
Apr 30 2009 	Great Hotel!	The hotel was great.The staff was exceptional!We stayed on the 15th floor- the room was quiet, clean &amp; comfortable.The windows were dirty so the view wasn't that great...The minibar was like $12 for a bag of m&amp;ms.I took my 2 teenage daughters to a convention that was about 5 blocks away. While this didn’t initially sound that far, it was pouring down rain and the hotel had loaned out all of their umbrellas! So bring your own just in case.Shopping was close by, as was Union Square - but I personally wouldn't recommend this location for teenagers to be going out on their own at night... The main streets are populated and lit but the streets that cut in between all seem to have construction, or alleys that people tend to hang out in...	
Apr 25 2009 	Walkable to City Hall/Opera House and trollies so location was excellent for us.	Took advantage of their city view room with parking offer. Check-in and check-out was a breeze. Room was a standard size hotel room, very clean, fresh, and well maintained. Bed was comfortable and gave us both two good nights sleep. Many bed pillows to choose from. We needed to be close to the City Hall/Opera House area and this location fit the bill. Many very good restaurants walkable distance fron hotel as well as the #7 Embarcadero trolly and the P&amp;M &amp; P&amp;H streetcars to Fisherman's Wharf area. Neighborhood is a mix of bums/beggars and working class folk. Perhaps this is typical of San Francisco. We do not have the answer. Shopping was not a priority so we can not comment on that aspect. Asked about parking when we made reservations directly with hotel and were told it was best to park in parking structure at back and then check in as street area in front of hotel was always very busy. Good advice! We stayed in wing #1 on 23rd floor so street noise was not a problem.	
Apr 23 2009 	Noisy	Despite requesting a room away from the elevator when making my reservation, I was given a room on a lower floor immediately next to the elevators. I was awakened repeatedly during the night by the elevators and street noise. The room could have been cleaner. Not what I expect from Hilton.Expensive wi-fi in the lobby only. If you buy the expensive ethernet in your room, then you get the lobby wi-fi for free.Best deal for food was Starbucks.	
Apr 20 2009 	Close to BART far from quiet	My teen son and I stayed over the weekend of CAL days to visit UCB. The hotel was only two blocks down and two blocks over from the Powell St. BART station, so no rental car was needed. This was also convienent as the Powell St-Hyde St. cable car end of the line is alos located at this station for easy transport to Fisherman's Wharf. We found the breakfast buffet to be very sophisticated to include smoked meats, cheeses, and Asian selections in addition to the average American fare. However the $29 per person charge for breakfast without even an omlet or waffle station was somewhat out of preportion. An addition 15% was also automatically added when billed to the room account. An almost $10 tip for a buffet? Even more significant was the fact that drunken hotel guests 3 or four rooms away will make enough noise to wake you and keep you awake from 1:00 am until 4:00 am on Friday and Saturday nights. On Friday night the front desk was called, but security was never dispatched. On Saturday, agin the front desk was called, and reference was made to the reoccurrance and lack of action, so this time at least security came up to try their best at quieting the situation. This did not compensate for our loss of sleep and the management made not offer of compensation at my request. They only offeres to move us...at 4am, in our pajamas, we the woken were asked to move? Something is inherentaly wrong with this picture. We will not be back to this hotel, nor any other Hiltons more than likely. The management runs it like a motel college kegger....very disappointing as the view and location are excellent.	
Apr 17 2009 	Snubbed	We pulled up to the front of the hotel last weekend, hoping the attendant would take our luggage and help us to our room; weary from our cross country flight. Instead we are told we cannot get out there but pull around back to the parking garage! I believe it was our GM rental we were driving. I went to check in at the front desk, being a Hilton Honors member, I stood in that line. Getting to the counter, I am told by a very rude employee, that I butted in line and the line, I was to be in was for non members. Maybe it was my wrinkled clothes from the flight or whatever else. I assured her I was in the right line and wanted her to look up my Honors member number. She refused. We managed to get our bags to our room without assistance. I might add there are alot of hidden fees - $45.00 a day for parking, $1.00 for each page printed on their printer and using the internet, which you pay upfront. Why don't they just have this included in the rate and charge more if need be? It seems so deceiptful. Because of our treatment, we decided to forgo the dinners in the restaurant and the massages.	
Apr 17 2009 	No bathtub in a junior suite but great staff.	We stayed there for 4 nights and then 1 night at the start and finish of a Californian tour.The hotel is OK. ish. First time around we were given a junior suite (which we had booked for) which didn't actually have a bathtub, just a shower, which I found a bit of a surprise. Second time around we had a tiny, tiny bathtub. The area to the left of the front door is pretty rough - loads of people begging. To the right hand side it is much better. We only took breakfast at the hotel, exceptionally friendly staff and buffet was pretty good. We looked at the menu for the &quot;Urban cafe&quot; and it appeared reasonable.So generally OK, and maybe more than OK. What surprised me for a hotel of this size was the friendly nature of pretty much all of the staff. By the time we arrived for our second stay we had accumulated ridiculous amounts of luggage. The two bell-men (both named Joe, one American and tall and one from Cork) were amongst the friendliest guys we've met in a hotel for a long time. On balance, we would stay there again.	
Apr 17 2009 	NOISY	Although this hotel is convient to everything, Do not make a left out of the front doors,just a half block from there ,it is a very scary area . We stayed in tower 3 it was so noisy we did not sleep for four days.All you hear is the streets being worked on or cleaned all night. If you stay in &quot;just a room&quot; be prepared for the bathroom it is sssoooo small you could use the bathroom and brush teeth at same time.	
Apr 17 2009 	A massice hotel and the shopping place	ok hotel is not on the fisherman's whraft but is close to the shopping center.....all the brands are close by the hotel....the tram also begings from nearby the hotel.....the rooms are well furnished and the service is ok.....	
Apr 16 2009 	Good value for the area	This hotel is not the nicest Hilton I've stayed in. The location is good if you need to be in the Union Square area. When looking at a map of the Union Square area, be aware that the entrance to this hotel is on O'Farrell. It is a little hike to get to the heart of the Union Square shopping area. Although the location is on the border of the Tenderloin neighborhood, I did feel safe coming and going. There are doormen who are always there and a security guard outside sometimes. We took advantage of the loaner umbrellas that they offered and they were large and high-quality. The room service is very expensive for below average quality food and I would not recommend it. The business center is a Kinkos. You need to pay to use the computers... I paid 4 dollars worth of computer time to print my boarding pass.	
Apr 7 2009 	Very good hotel!	Honestly, I don't understand all the negative reviews about Hilton Union Sq. It's a really good hotel, great location (if you are hoofing later at night, try to walk in the Union Sq direction, and not towards the Tenderloin, at least not past Taylor St, to avoid unsavoury characters), literally within walking distance to major shopping and dining district. Maybe because our room was tucked away from the elevator area, it was one of the quietest hotel experiences we had, ever. Also we didn't experience any of the sound isolation issues mentioned in the other reviews. Housekeeping service was quite good, the check-in process was smooth and effortless, and so was the check-out. The only problems: terribly overpriced mini-bar ($8 for a bottle of Fiji water is a shame. Mini bars are overpriced all over the world, but come on, the hotel could very well make 300% profit by pricing it at $4!) The Urban Tavern breakfast is shamelessly overpriced too. Do NOT go there. Ponzu restaurant breakfast on the corner of O'Farrel and Taylor is a much better choice.Overall: I will definetely stay at this hotel again. Very quiet and affordable.	
Mar 30 2009 	Great hotel and location. The staff are super.	We are return customers to this hotel and have found it to be clean and safe with a great staff. You feel very secure with staff and security visible at all times. Our room had a great view of the city and we were close to everything.	
Mar 26 2009 	cheap rate equals cheap service	Most of the preceding reviews have covered the 'good &amp; bad' points of this hotel. And therein lies the problem - inconsistency and a lack of certainty of what your going to get for your money. Booking online I got a 'discount' rate of $160 in a King room which included valet parking. The car park entrance is not at the front of the hotel and it with no concierge or bell hop visible at what is the main foyer entrance your left to find out where to park the car - it's round the corner. As you'll see it's the accumulation of these 'niggles' which ends up making the Hilton an average to poor experience. At check-in, despite being a Hilton Honours member, your immediately made to feel second class by being told 'no points' no priveleges' bacause of the rate - another niggle!The 'rate' qualified us for a low level, no view - but OK room.This is not a hotel for service. It is a hotel with a great location, adequate rooms and if you get a low enough rate, don't expect anything other than average to low service you'll not be disappointed.Final 'niggle' - after 'checkout' we tried to retrieve or car only to be told we'd have to pay - $118 for 2 nights - despite the rate including parking there is no record of that on the car park system and you are supposed to know to get a 'slip' from the front desk on checkout - which was not offered! So niggles from start to finish at Hilton.	
Mar 21 2009 	Better that what reviewers led us to believe	My husband, 21 yr. old daughter and I stayed in Tower 3 the first night then moved to a larger room in Tower 2. We paid a $30 upgrade for a larger room with 2 queens and were placed in a 'Sight &amp; Sound' room with flat screen TV. At check-out my husband disputed having to pay for more than one internet fee daily (we all used the internet) and the charge was removed. The room was quiet and the service from doormen and desk personnel was friendly and efficient. Because we read unfavorable comments about the restaurant, we ate breakfast at nearby Lori's, Cafe Mason, and Dottie's True Blue Cafe and recommend all. The location worked well for us. Having the car rental and parking garage across the street was convenient and saved us money.	
Mar 20 2009 	Has really gone down hill....	I am a Hilton Honors Diamond member and I've been staying at this hotel for years. After my last stay I have to say that I will never stay in this hotel again. In the past I was always given an upgraded room on the top floors of tower 1. This time I was on the 16th floor of tower 1, right by the walkway to tower 3. I couldn't even open my draperies because everyone on the walkway could look right into my room.The room itself felt dirty. The carpeting was old and very yucky. Everything in this room felt old and very outdated. I have to believe that the rooms are the same size in this tower but it felt much smaller than the rooms that I have been in in the past. They have closed the concierge lounge at this hotel which is really a shame. It was on the top floor with beautiful views of the city and was a great place to relax after a long day of meetings.The one thing I still like is the gym. It's very nice with great equipment and not over crowded. I honestly do not know what's going on with Hilton at a corporate level. I spend an average of 15 nights a month in Hilton hotels and have noticed a serious decline in customer service across the board. I realize that times are tough in the travel industry but they have to start treating their best customers better. The colleague I was travelling with had the exact same feeling.	
Mar 16 2009 	Nice location and rooms but terrible policy about deposit	I had a conference at this hotel and stayed the night of March 12. The conference facilities are generally nice. The room was extremely nice with comfortable beds, high quality sheets and towels, and good toiletries. My room (on the 19th floor in tower 3) was very quiet as well. Most of the staff I dealt with were pleasant.I have one issue with this hotel. When I booked my room in January for a March stay, I was charged a full night's deposit. I have stayed at many hotels around the country, and i've never been charged a full night's deposit when staying at a run of the mill Hilton! The conference website did inform me I would be charged at the time of booking, so I was aware of the policy ahead of time, but I still believe the hotel is not providing good customer service in having such a policy. Because of the conference schedule, I really needed to be at that hotel and could not &quot;shop around&quot; which is why, I'm sure, the Hilton management has this policy in place. But it stinks all the same.I understand a credit card guarantee, and I could even understand having to pay a nominal deposit, but to have to pay the entire night's stay in advance seems a bit ridiculous, and for that reason, I cannot recommend the hotel and would not return here unless I had to. There are plenty of other hotels in San Francisco.	
Mar 16 2009 	Mediocre at Best	Stayed here for 1 night last weekend before moving to the JW Marriott. The lobby area is nice but the hotel is quite old, especially the hallways. Room only had a Tube TV which is weak in my opinion. The bed and bathroom were good but not great.I have a generally negative opinion as the service was very awful. The check-in guy was quite rude and the concierges were not of help at all. Valet parking was a waste and overpriced. Park accross the street for $20 cheaper. My biggest complaint was with the Travel Tours booth they had in the building. The woman there was terribly rude. I asked for information on the boat tours and she literally threw a brochure at me. i asked her a question about the tour and she asked me if I could not read the brochure. I would definitely not stay at this hotel again. Quite old inside and awful customer service. I only paid $90 through priceline but still thought it was a waste. The JW Marriott right down the street was amazing and worth every penny	
Mar 9 2009 	Excellent Hotel and Service but location is not so great...	My sister, her boyfriend and I went to SF for the weekend for a seminar at UC Hastings Law School. We stayed at the Hilton San Francisco, and we all agreed that it is an excellent hotel to stay at.The rooms are clean and maintained well. We only had a problem controlling the thermostat in our room, it was very sensitive and was either too warm or too cold. That is the only reason we gave the room four points instead of five, otherwise, the room was really nice and nicely furnished. We had a nice view of the neighborhood and the immediate city skyline. The only real problem is the neighborhood that the hotel outlines. It is located a couple of blocks from the Union Square and borders the Union Square area and the Downtown &quot;Tenderloin&quot; area. The Tenderloin area is not the safest area and has a lot of homeless on the streets that tend to be very vocal. The Union Square area is close to Nob Hill, one of the nicest areas of SF with a lot of nice shops and hotels. The concierge will tell you what streets to avoid. The staff is very friendly and very attentive, especially the doormen, they always opened the door for us, hailed taxis and arranged for a town car ride to the airport. The front desk staff was friendly and helpful, as well as the concierge. The lobby is very nice, a great place to sit and have a drink or just sit (it is a little noisy during the day). The restaurant in the hotel is nice and the food is good, but they are very disorganized as they are a new restaurant (less than 1 year old). We enjoyed our stay tremendously, this stay was a Hilton Honors reward stay, and the front staff gave us vouchers for water in the hotel room mini fridge. Our experience at this hotel was worth the value of what we &quot;paid' for it. I would recommend it to anyone that doesn't mind staying in busy downtown San Francisco and would like some posh accommodations.	
Mar 5 2009 	EEhhhh good location nice room so-so staff and nickle and dimed to death	I needed a weekend away from LA. Fortunately, Southwest was offering a great DING internet fare of $45.00 each way for an upcoming weekend. I grabbed the fare and started doing some bidding on Priceline. I knew I wanted to be around Union Square and went to biddingfortravel.com for advice. Eventually, I landed the Hilton SF for $74.00 per night plus tax and fee for two nights. I thought it was a great bargain until I read the reviews on tripadvisor.com. The hotel charges for use of the fitness center/spa ($15.00) as well as accessing the internet ($15.99 for 24 hours). As a business traveler I expect to pay for the internet, but I never had to pay as much as $15.99. It was even more insulting when I got to the hotel. One connects to the internet via an ethernet cord. It is not even a wireless service for the unreasonably high price.I got to the hotel via BART from the airport. The cost was $5.30 and the BART (subway) was a few blocks away from the Hilton. It is incredibly close and convenient walk from the Powell Street station. I entered the hotel from the garage and eventually found my way to the front desk. As a silver Hilton Honors member I went to the empty Hilton Honors line. As I approached the clerk he said he had called someone from the main check-in line who had not made it to his station yet. He, in a not so nice way, said I would need to wait.No big deal, although his attitude, I could have done without. I waited and after about 2-3 minutes, went to another station staffed by a clerk came who eventually came out from the back office to check me in. She was very friendly and greeted me warmly. I knew to ask for a room on the high floor, since I had done my research on tripadvisor and the clerk was very accomodating. I politiely asked for a the quietest room on the highest floor possible. She said she would do the best she could taking note of my Hilton Honors card and Hitlon affinity credit card. Then the dreaded, I see your room is pre-paid through Priceline. came out. I feared the Priceline room but I was very pleased when she said she had a room on the 44th floor in Tower 1. I asked if it was a quiet room and if it had one bed. She assurred me it was quiet and had a king bed. The room was 1-4471. Also, she let me know as a Hilton Honors member, there were two Nestle brand water bottles in the mini-bar I could have for no charge. Nice touch, I thought. I found the elevator for Tower One and took the long ride up to the 44th floor. I was very disappointed to get a room right off the elevator but was happier once I opened the door. The room was a nice size with a spectacular view of the city and the Golden Gate bridge. The rest of the room was fairly standard with a comfortable king size bed, desk, sofa, standard tv, two telephones, mini-bar, and coffee maker. The bathroom was also of a high quality with standard Hilton bath products, big fluffy towels, a bathtub with shower, and a robe. Overall, I was pleased until I heard the noise of the elevator.So, I called the front desk to see if their was a similar room in the same tower on the same floor. The clerk said she would check but eventually came back on the line and said the only room available was on the 30th floor. I didn't push it, but was fairly certain she was not telling the truth. I decided to stay, and deal with the slight rumbling, since the view was amazing. Yet,, I was sad to find out the rooms on the 44th floor were not all taken. I confirmed this with the housekeeping staff when I asked the housekeeper the following morning. The room was very stuffy, so I turned the air conditioner on. Then I unpacked and decided to take a walk into the Mission District. I wanted to grab a burrito this area of the city is famous for. Although the immediate area around the hotel is well lit and safe, a few blocks away is the Tenderloin district. It is not the greatest area and one should be careful in getting directions and walking around at night. I ate a delicious chicken burrito before walking about 20 minutes back to the hotel.I got back to my room and noticed the room was not significantly colder. I thought the system must be guided by a motion detector so I turned the thermostat lower hoping the room would get colder quickly. I went to check my emails and was very surprised to see the hotel did not have wi-fi. I had to use an ethernet cord at the desk. I was even more surprised to see the price of $15.99 for 24 hours worth of service. That has been the highest price I have paid for internet access, which has typically been $12.99 at Marriott's and other Hitlon properties. Oh well, nickle and dime I thought. After checking emails I went to look at the room service and mini bar menu's. Typical over-priced, inflated charges. I knew I wasn't going to pay those prices especially since there was a drug store close by for soda and munchies. Furthermore, I was glad the hotel was close to Chinatown, the Mission, and other restaurants less expensive. To the hotels credit, the in-room coffee was decent and the coffee machine easy to use. After looking at the view for a while, I decided to watch some tv and go to bed. The tv was not a flat screen, kind of surprising for this level hotel, but they had enough channels to keep my occupied. The bed, as well, was very comfortable. I fell asleep quickly and woke up feeling refreshed. I had a great nights sleep.I made some coffee, took a hot bath and got dressed, I left my room at 10:30 AM to explore the city. The Hilton is an great location. There is great shopping all around Union Square. I browsed through some of my favorite stores - Tumi, Old Navy, Macy's etc....before walking to the fairly new Contemporary Jewish Museum. The museum is unique building with an interesting history and very accomodating. After spending a few hours at the museum, I walked to China town and found a place for dim sum. I do not remember the name of the restaurant but the dim sum was delicious. I finished eating and walked back to the hotel to rest. I had a facial appointment at 4 PM at a spa located on 111 Maiden Lane. Maiden Lane is a really cool, small street with shops, art galleries, and restaurants, right off of Union Square. Alla is a fantastic skin technican and gave an excellent facial, at a lower price than the Hilton spa. My day was perfect - interesting, relaxing, with a good, reasonably priced dim sum lunch.I walked back to the hotel and went into my room. It was significantly hotter during the day, so I was surprised my room was really warm when I entered. I lowered the thermostat as low as I could and, then, called the desk to ask for an engineer to check the air conditioning. An engineer arrived promptly and started working on the system. He took about 1/2 hour and eventually said their was a broken part. I think he said it was a regulator. He told me he would need to get the part and would come back to fix the system. Boy, was I surprised when I got a call from the hotel operator saying my air conditoner could not be fixed and did I want to change rooms. I did want to change rooms but only if I could get a similar room on the same floor. He said he would check but called back soon after offereing me a room on the 30th floor. I chuckled to myself. Here we go again I thought as I asked him to check once again. My floor did not seem full so I was disappointed when he called back to say no. At tleast he asked if would I like help moving my belongings. I did not want to go through the hassle of moving knowing the room would cool down eventually at night, so I declined. I decided to full around with the windows and eventually figured out how to open two of the side windows. The room cooled down fairly quickly but I think this situation was poorly handled. It should not have been difficult to accomodate my request and I felt, because I was a Priceline guest, would not a room of similar quality. Oh well, this only meant I would most likely never stay here again, even on the company dime. Poor, discriminating, untruthful, service is simply bad policy in my book, especially when this hotel was not close to being fully occupied. Upon check-out I noticed I was charged for the water I used in the mini-bar. When I questioned the clerk to say I was told the water was free for HIlton Honor guests members, she replied in a surly fashion, Priceline guests do not get Hilton Honor amentities. I knew I would not get HH points and I replied as nicely as I could, that I was not asking for HH points for my stay. I simply wanted to get what was offered to me complimentary by the initial front desk clerk - the Nestle water. She said the front desk clerk who checked me in made a mistake, but would take the $6.00 mini-bar charge for two bottled waters off my bill. Nevertheless, in spite of the surliness, the high price for internet access and use of the fitness room, and a broken air conditioner, I had a reasonably pleasant stay. Yet, I would never, ever want to pay rack rates. Between the nickle and diming of the fitness center and internet - and the poor attitude presented to me as a Priceline guest - I would never come back to this hotel onmy or anyone else's dime	
Mar 2 2009 	Best location of the Hiltons in SF	Good stay although Hilton always tries to add some extra charges, but was easily resolved at check-out. A plus in summertime is definitely the pool area.	
Feb 16 2009 	Last time for us at this Hilton	We have stayed at this Hilton at least four times prior in the last two years. This weekend was a time for shopping, some dinner and a walk around Union Square. Lastly, we planned to have a scumptuous brunch before heading back home Sunday. Planning for this, I booked on line with breakfast buffet for two included.At arrival I was told that the Cityscape buffet that had become our favorite had closed &quot;over a year ago&quot;. Knowing this was not correct, I asked what was included for the price, and the front desk stated the Urban Cafe was the breakfast stop, and to please check it out. We were given two vouchers for the breakfast.One look at the Urban restaurant told us we were not interested, as the hostess told us that Sunday breakfast was served &quot;in the back room&quot; and was a buffet. The front of the restaurant overlooking O'Farrell St. would be closed to us.I decided, and wife agreed that we would attempt a refund. A stop to the concierge (Cityscape closed in August), a phone call( Cityscape closed in October), a stop at the front desk( Cityscape closed last spring) and then another stop at desk the next morning, and finally we were credited back the prepaid breakfast. (four contacts)( No one was sure when the Cityscape brunch closed either)The newly renovated room in Tower 3 was noisy, loud heating vents, and a loud water pipe sound from an adjoining room when they showered. And this was a Junior suite.At check-in, about 300pm, the lines were very long, even the Zip Line for Hilton HHonors. I was 7th in the Zip line. The regular wait appeared to be 30 minutes. Afte shopping at Macy's the check-in line was worse; that was the reason we tried the concierge first for a breakfast credit.I also agree with another prior poster that valet parking at 55.00 is way too much, and one shouold use the garage across the street, at 29.00/dayThis Hilton needs somoe serious shoring up. We'll be staying away from here.	
Feb 8 2009 	Beware	We were in town for business . Some man begged me for money while I was sitting inside the hotel lobby. Complained to hotel management and I was blown off. They wanted to give me a free upgrade like I would stay at this hotel again. The wireless Internet service in the lobby is very slow . The area is not safe at night and the outside lighting is very poor. If you are sensitive to noise avoid this hotel. We could hear all the traffic and city noise ( people screaming, sirens and people blowing car horns) all night long. Guess they never heard of sound proof windows. Beware of your surroundings and walk in groups.	
Feb 2 2009 	hilton experience jan 09	We stayed here jan 29-31, this is the first time that we paid for an upgrade. we got a fantastic view on the 43rd floor. was great. the room was big and clean as was the bathroom. we had a big window and a clear days and nights (yes were WERE in SF!!)so the sunsets were magnificant. anyhow, the staff when we checked in, out and when we left our bags for a few hours after check out were very nice. the concierge was actually THERE and very nice. we know the city so we asked about a specific restaurant and tickets to Wicked. both questions were answered in a knowlegable way. with our paid upgrade we got access to the executive lounge. initially we were told that drinks and wine were included...they were not. but the claw soup and bread bowl, cheese, crackers, fruits, starbucks coffee, soda and other niblets were ok. the view here is fantastic..you are on the 45th floor. i dont know why in the world you have to ask for water, but, there you go, at least it was free (unlike the water in your minibar which is 8.00). continental breakfast was included in our upgrade. ..your basic pastries, oj, grapefruit juice, yogurt, cerels , bagels (man, i hope they freeze them since the sell by date was jan 19 and i was eating them on the 30th!!)...oatmeal, starbucks coffee...again the view was fantastic!! the service wasnt. i mean it is help yourself, but with as many people working up there, they should never run out of bread, or oj, or hard boiled eggs, etc. the tables were not bused very fast and alot of &quot;regulars&quot; to the hilton EL were really angry. i just moved the plates and sat down... the WORST part is that the hotel sticks out into the tenderloin district. dont go out the wrong door or walk down the wrong street (taylor to market for one) ...really bad nieghborhood. CAN NOT stress that enough. if you go out onto ofarrell,go towards union square before you turn toward market...there are homeless and street people everywhere in the city, but this visit down taylor street and market st. they were really really aggressive. i mean they wanted to beat us up and rob us. THAT HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH THE HILTON by the way, they do have security around the building, just a fact of SF. all in all it was a good stay.	
Jan 25 2009	Nice time mostly....	We had a great weekend at the Hilton on O'Farrell. We had stayed there before. All the staff is really excellent. The bartenders at Urban Tavern, the staff at the Front Desk. Staff at the Front Door. Our room was really nice and looked out on S.F. towards the Bay. Pool and jacuzzi were both warm on a very cold day. The Executive Lounge was helpful to have breakfast in the morning. One thing that happened were the idiots in Tower 1, room 4283 on January 25th, 2009. Raising hell in the hallway and in their room from 2:30 to about 4:00 in the morning. So we didn't sleep well because of that. They sounded like suspects from the show &quot;Cops&quot;. Security was out there with them. Also, in that same timeframe, security came by at 3:30AM and wedged our bill in through the space between door and frame. We thought someone was breaking in because normally those are just slid UNDER the door. WTF? Was security too tired to bend over and slide it under? One of the cab drivers that drove us to dinner took the long way. I guess he thought we didn't know the City. I guess you should watch out for that. Too bad one cabbie has to pull stuff like that and give a bad rep to the rest of the guys like the ones who did a great job for us all weekend. The rates on the rooms were excellent and fair. I notice though that the City taxes are really starting to add up. We had a fun time. Thanks to Hilton S.F.	
Jan 20 2009 	good hotel terrible service !!!!	I was there for christmas Weekend . Every person I encountered was just rude. the breakfast was arghhhh...., ice scramble eggs , and if you look at the ham, you will see the mark of the &quot;last night decoration&quot; on it ,and i spent $100 for that .( 2 adults and 2 kids) . The rooms were nice ,great location ,but the service damaged everything.	
Jan 10 2009 	Stay away from the restaurant!	This hotel needs more staff at the front desk -- it's odd to get into the HiltonHonors line and be told to go stand in another, longer one with no staff visible at the counter there... At check-out, when I mentioned that the breakfast in the restaurant (American breakfast, scrambled eggs etc., from the menu) had been all but inedible, coffee almost undrinkable, and this for $30 -- I was told that this wasn't their concern as they don't operate the restaurant. I was advised to talk with the restaurant manager, which I did -- and she did not seem at all perturbed. I hadn't complained during breakfast as no one came around to ask how the food was and in any case, I had a meeting to go to and didn't have time to wait for anything else to be prepared.The room was very nice, but the loudest HVAC system I've heard maybe ever -- I travel with earplugs, so no problem. The hotel is pretty and sparkling clean -- but why not have a ramp from the front door down into the lobby so I don't have to bump my suitcase down the steps? I didn't see one.And don't pay the valet parking -- public garages right across the street are $29 for 24 hours.	
Jan 9 2009 	Nice room . . . lots of charges	I had a 4-day stay at the Hilton to be there when a relative had surgery, and for a bit of recovery time for her. I needed two adjacent rooms, with two adults in each, which was handled without a problem. Due to a rapid recovery, I shortened our stay by a day, which was handled without problem. The rooms were clean and well-appointed. Bath was hotel standard, except that bathrobes are NOT provided. Mattresses were comfortable and linen good.We were on the 12th floor, right on Ellis St., and did not find street noise to be a problem. The view from both rooms was good, but not spectacular. There were sufficient hangers, which I find to be a rarity these days.We booked &quot;sight and sound&quot; rooms, which come with a 42 inch flat screen (LG--very nice). They advertise &quot;surround sound,&quot; but it is really the Yamaha sound projector, which may give the impression of surround sound if you are in the middle of a room with hard walls, but does little when you are lying in bed at the edge of a room with drapes. I never could find an adjustment to increase the treble, but otherwise the sound was good.The unit also has inputs for all kinds of portable digital players, so if you want to avoid the approx. $10 charge per movie, you can rent or bring your own.As others have noted, there are charges for everything. Room service is limited and pricey. There is a charge for the spa/exercise room. There is a charge for high-speed internet (which is ethernet only in the rooms, and WiFi (again with a charge) in the lobby). Since all I needed to do was check email, I finally figured out I could avoid that charge by using dial-up, which only cost $1.50 for the connection. (It is 10 cents a minute after an hour--I do not know whether that is cumulative, or if you could just disconnect and avoid that cost.)Parking is very expensive--but it is San Francisco where parking is at a premium. You should really think about whether you need a car, anyway, given the costs of keeping one in the City. Taxis and other public transportation is (are?) readily available.The only food service (other than the lobby bar) actually in the hotel is a Starbucks in the lobby, which closes remarkably early (there is another about 1.5 blocks down O'Farrell). The hotel connects to the Urban Tavern restaurant, which is expensive, but very interesting. I can absolutely recommend the goat cheese polenta (see what I mean about interesting)?	
Jan 1 2009 	Huge Hotel	This is the biggest Hilton and possibly the biggest hotel I have ever stayed in. The lobby reminds me of grand central station with nice furniture.The woman at the front desk was, how do I say this, unpleasant. I asked for an upgrade b/c I'm a diamond member and she actually challenged me a bit (normally I don't have to even ask).The suite was unbelievable. Panoramic views of San Fran with a balcony. The weirdest thing about this hotel is the parking garage. You drive up this enclosed catacomb like ramp (I'm from Boston where we invented the small parking garage and I was still freaked out). You drive up for what seems like a half hour and then you park your car. You open a steel door thinking it will lead you to a staircase and BAM...you are in a hallway of guestrooms. I have never seen a hotel where the separation between rooms and cars was a door. Also there was a cig butt in the hallway which I noticed hadn't been cleaned the next day. Make sure that your room is nowhere near the parking garage. Other than that it was good. Typical full service Hilton in that you have to pay for everything extra (parking, internet, business center)The place was fine. It is huge though and can be a little overwhelming.	
Dec 31 2008 	choose any other hotel in union square	One of the worst Hiltons: it's like the airline industry in that you pay extra for absolutely everything (17 for ethernet, not wireless; 16 for the gym [which hotel makes guests pay for a gym?]; 51 + tax/day for parking; and don't get me started on the prices of the hotel and restaurant). The air quality in the rooms is terrible. Don't look at the vents; you will be scared. They don't give you lotion or shower caps for the rooms. I guess this is the new economy: cut absolutely everything except CEO salaries. Shower only (but no shower caps). No tubs.	
