	Its a budget hotel in a good location	Well I had to go to San Fran recently, a friend of mine was having a party and I needed a hotel close to his location. Essentravel.com came through again with the Spaulding hotel with rates under $70 a night. Now lets be clear, for $70 a night its not the waldorf. The floors were a bit dirty, and the bathrooms needed work also. But it was quiet!! And in a great location. I got a good nights sleep, had to go outside for breakfast but no complaints. So again, if you need a no frills hotel in San Fran, then give the Spaulding a try.	
Oct 20 2009 	the best choice for unexpensive vacations	Yes...it may not be a five stars hotel but it's definetly the best choice if you don't wanna spend unnecesery money...I mean...it's located rigth in the heart of san francisco...only two blocks from the subway station, market street, the cable car station...besides you don´t have to spend a lot of money on transportation because you can`t take a walk to chinatown, union square, civic center and a lot of shopping places...and let`s be real...with all the attractions around and accesible to get to...you're only gonna need the hotel room to storage your luggage and bags , to take a shower and have some sleep...totally recomended!!	
Oct 9 2009 	Great deal in Great Location!	Well first, lets get one thing straight. If you're the type who likes everything spotless and in perfect working order, do not book this hotel, but if those things aren't on top of your priority list then this is the place for you! I liked (not loved) this hotel. The location in Union Square is perfect if you're a first time traveler to San Fran. It's conviently located next to the BART, and there's tons of cafes, restaurants, shopping, and night life. The room itself was small, but quaint. The sheets were clean and so was the bathroom. The best feature about the hotel is that our room faced the street so it had a fire escape right outside our window, it was a blast to hang outside that little balcony and look out over the city. Take a bottle of wine and some snacks and your set for entertainment. So, for the most part it was nice, but on our last day there, there was no hott water for a shower, the toilet stopped working, and the lights turned off in the bathroom while my friend was taking a shower, so I would've rated this hotel one less star if I was staying longer, but since I was leaving, I could care less. I would stay at this hotel again!	
Oct 6 2009 	DO NOT STAY HERE	The worst hotel I have ever stayed in 29 years of travelling. The pictures they advertise with do not in any way reflect the room we were given. Outside is very central but many homeless people begging around the street. On checking in the hotel reminded me of a hostel rather than a hotel. The first thing I noticed was the strong, pungent smell in the corridors and lift. Our room given was on the third floor. Dingy hallway, even the door was old and battered. The room itself was horrific! Dull, dingy, a plastic chair and formica table. Lino on the floor, bed sagging in the middle and small, cupboard without door. Battered fridge and TV. and food up the walls. Window looked out on to an alleyway. I slept in my clothes and kept shoes on across the floor. My partner went out to try to find another hotel but all were booked due to a convention so had no choice but to stay the night. Also went to second floor to access intnet, the room stank and an old man in pyjamas was sitting swigging bear and mumbling in there. After a very sleepless night I went to reception early morning and complained bitterly. I asked whether anyone else had ever complained that the room in no way reflected the pictures on the internet, and was told 'no'. After returning I see someone else has been in the same situation. We were then given a room on the seventh floor, which was better, but even on entering this room I would NOT have booked this hotel. If you want a hostel rather than a hotel and don't mind roughing it, then fine - but I wish I had been warned before I embarked upon this hostel - sorry hotel!!!!	
Jun 30 2009 	Good budget hotel in great location	A great deal in downtown SF, only around $65 to $75 a night for a single. It's basic and not fancy, but clean and well-located in the theater/Union Square area. It has free wireless Internet, cable TV (altho basic/limited) plus a lounge which offers a couple computers for those who don't have their own, a microwave &amp; adjacent laundry machines. The Spaulding is one of the best deals in downtown SF.	
Jun 28 2009 	Terrible. It smelled.	My family and I stayed there a week ago for one night as it was very close to our other hotel that didn't have room to accommodate us when we changed our plans.First impressions: Elevator area smelled like pee. It was horrible. We were told our rooms would be ready by 2:30 pm and it was not. The front desk lady was so lazy that she didn't make sure our room was cleaned before 2:30 pm after we told her early in the morning we would check in around that time and she said it will be ready then.Rate: $99 plus tax was not worth it. We could have added $40 and walked over to the Hilton down a few blocks.Lack: No phone. No hair dryer. No coffee maker or anything like that. The room was very minimal and had a funny smell. The bed was old and cover sheets were dirty (stained). No carpets in the room.Feature: Nothing. Whoever decided on white curtains were smart if you want your guests to head out before sun rise? I guess they could not afford to put in block out curtains. There is free internet on the second floor but that alone did not make up for feeling like we stayed at a hostel. The &quot;hotel&quot; used actually keys for your rooms, there is no key cards so don't be surprise. They also charge you on the same day when you check in if you are staying just one night. There is an Irish pup across the street that makes for enhanced noise in the area.Bathroom/Sink: Seemed they renovated the tiles on the wall but did not change the tub or sink. We couldn't help but gag when we brushed as the sinks smelled bad. As a bonus, the toilet paper was mounted so low that you couldn't really reach it.	
Jun 18 2009 	Nice and simple	The room was ok, maybe they should put a phone on it. The girl of the recepcion wasn't very friendly, but the asian men was. The localization is perfect and my room, with bethroom was recently renovated. Very good. The internet free is another interisting thing. I recomend.	
Apr 7 2009 	Charming hotel with a fantastic location!	We arrived at Spaulding in the late afternoon after a cross-country flight. We had good customer service at the desk upon arrival, and I really liked the minimalist decor in the lobby. It's small, but it's an older building and it's right in the Union Square district. The building features tall ceilings and a bright red wall, a few cushioned benches, and dark carpet. The hotel fit all four of us and our luggage nicely, and we were a bit startled to find that the elevator drops a few inches upon exit because of the release of counterbalance. We were on the fifth floor, and while the halls were narrow, the layout reminded me of all those old city buildings you see in tv shows (i.e. Ugly Betty's downtown Manhattan apartment building). We were given regular metal keys, which was a classic touch when you're used to plastic key cards. We entered our room, and were greeted with a very cozy, serene look. We stayed in a queen bed, featuring a very comfortable tempurpedic mattress. We were able to open the windows just a few inches, and get a nice breeze in the room. We had a decent sized TV (maybe 27&quot;), a very tiny cube fridge, and a small but nicely kept bathroom. Some downsides included the peephole not being secure in the door (I was able to take both sides off and you could totally see in our room from the outside hallway!), no phone, and the TV channels had poor signals. I think we were given a handicap accessible room because our bathroom contained no tub - just a simple showerhead, half of a makeshift curtain rod, and the curtain. At least the showerhead had wonderful water pressure. Other than that, we had no problems with the hotel staff (it was minimal), we had plenty of towels and the linens were comfortable and clean. I think this is a great place to stay, and for the location the value is unbeatable! I think we're all just used to lots of amenities on vacation, and when you come to expect certain things, many folks are disappointed - but if you go in with an open mind and make sure to pack the things you desperately need, you will be pleasantly surprised with the Spaulding's charm.	
Mar 12 2009 	Horrific hotel	I must say, that this was the most dreadful place I ever stayed in.First of all, I came to the hotel at 11:30 P.M., just after 24 hour trip from Europe. I was hoping of having a shower finally and a good night sleep after that long trip, but when I wanted to check in, there was noone at the desk. Ok, I stayed a little bit at the reception, but noone came in 20 minutes. So I called the number; ironically enough I heard the phone ringing inside but noone answered?? I had no choice but to wait and after another 20 minutes or so, finally the receptionist came with a dull face: I have to do everything around here.... Yeah, like I care.I got to my room, and frankly, if I wasn't so tired and the hour wasn't so late, I would most definitely find some other place to stay in. The room was so smelly I thougt I'm going to vomit, not to mention the closet and the drawer. But the most horrific place was the bathroom. This was a catastrophe!!!! First: the water was red/brown from rusty pipes I guess; second: there was no warm water at all; third: the shower didn't work at all. Eventually I had enough and went down to the receptionist and asked her to get me to another room, because of the bathroom problems. She was very inpolite, to say at least. After a great deal of trouble with her, she finally got me another room. The room was still smelly, dirty, but at least I had a warm water.After four days, as the conference I attended finished, I was very happy to move to a hostel - and yeah, hostel was way better than this.The hotel was cheap, but nevertheless, nobody deserves to be treated like that, and nobody deserves to sleep in such place.	
Jan 13 2009 	Nightmare Horrible Dont Go!	This hotel is a joke. The price is ok, but the service, an insult. First of all, the staff/attendants are terrible. They are so unpolite and &quot;bad mood&quot;. I will not cite the person who checked me in cuz I dont wanna see anyone fired, but this person was disrespectful, so not professional. I asked this person what was gonna happen on new year's night in SF, and the answer was: I DONT KNOW. Thats it. It seems like am kidding, but I'm not.The place is dirty. The walls/building are just old, lots of cracks in the walls. No space in the room at all. I decided to doublecheck my room before I left, to make sure I didnt forget anything. I took a look under the bed, and I found an old disgusting underwear. It didnt belong to me, and didnt belong to my dad either. That's gross!!!Seriously, we travel to have a good time. I dont really care about hotels since my family used it to sleep and take shower, but this place sucks.	
Dec 27 2008 	Loved our Spaulding Hotel	Very good location, centrally located close to Theaters and shopping. We were given a nice quiet room on the 6th floor overllooking the pool of the adjacent hotel property.We traveled with our teenage daughter who enjoyed being close to the hip boutiques such as H&amp;M, Urban Ourfitter and Forever 21. The room had hard wood floors and was clean and cosy. The lounge on the second floor was really convenient and had washers and dryers which was super.We will stay here again!	
Dec 20 2008 	Refreshing Value for Money	I was just in San Francisco for a enviromental engineering conference at the Moscone Convention Center and stayed at the Spaulding Hotel near Union Square. First off the property is located footsteps from Powell Street / Union Square and easy walking distance to the convention center. The room was clean, simple, and a great value at $98.00 a night. Starbucks and great restaurants are all around the hotel. I highly suggest this hotel for someone who wants good value, clean room to regenerate!	
Nov 19 2008 	Horrible Horrible Place!	I found this place when i got to San Francisco Union Square. Location was good. It looked decent from the outside. Rates were fairly decent (SO I THOUGHT). This is one of the scariest places I've ever stayed at. When i first got to the room, i thought, alright, it's small, looks old and dingy but for 85/night in downtown SF i can't complain. But than came nightfall when the crazy neighbor was making the scariest noises on earth! He sounded like a person who belonged in an institution. It was 11pm and i went downstairs to complain. It was worse when the receptionist didn't even understand of spoke much English which made it hard to communicate.And THAN, she told me that the MAN next door was a tenent at the place and the HOTEL WAS PART COMMUNITY HOUSING. This got me EXTREMELY angry. I paid $85/night to stay at a housing complex when i could've went across to street, paid $15 more to stay at 3-4 nice decent hotel. This taught me a great lesson. Always do a lost more research a head of time before jumping into any place that as a decent 'cover-up' front lobby. I AM NEVER EVER staying at this place again!!!	
Oct 16 2008	Good price - Not good hotel	If you want a romatic gettaway or a indulging weekend in SF, don't stay here. This hotel provides bacis needs like a bed, a bathroom and a door to locks behind you, but not much more. The advantages of this hotel are two, location and price. Very close to Union Square and very decent price, but you get what you pay for. The tiles on or bathroom floor where loose, the blinds could not be closed, no ironboard or iron could be borrowed, we only got one hanger in the closet and were not provided with more upon request and they forgott to clean our room during one day. The room smelled kind of weird too and the noise from the street was quite loud at nights.	
Sep 22 2008	Honest review of Spaulding Hotel in San Francisco 9/12/08	The Spaulding Hotel was very close to all the fun and excitement of San Francisco on O'Farrell St. We arrived late at night and the hotel desk was still open and checked us in very quickly. you do have to pay for the room upon check in and not check-out like other places. Our room was small but we did'nt mind since we were only going to be there to shower and sleep. The bed was way too little, a double, I guess I'm just used to my king bed! Any way we went out that night and really didn't see or hear anything in the halls it was pretty quiet. Even when we came back after midnight not much noise or people. Although the elevator was old it worked properly. The doors to the rooms were a little busted up but seemed to be repaired and secure. The water got very hot, which was good becuase it could have been the other way around. the tub/shower did drain pretty slow. The only bad thing about the room was there was not an electrical plug in the restroom to blowdry or flatiron your hair. And the one under the desk didn't work. there was only one other outlet that powered the tv and fridge so I had to unplug these to do my hair with no mirror. This really sucked! the hotel is very old but our room had a new bathroom, carpet, furniture, new tv and an older fridge. If we go back to San Francisco I would stay here again just would bring an extension cord with me!	
Sep 12 2008 	Thanks is a wonderful stay!	&quot;Great Stay!&quot;- great location- great hotel- great price!- nice, newly renovated room- nice lobby area, very cozy!- love that free internet in the room***what I hate is the weather in san francisco, so cold!	
Aug 25 2008 	Budget accommodation with central location	I am native San Francisco and had to help my friend look for a hotel room. I only had a few weeks to find a decent room for her for August, (peak season here) and there was availability for a week's stay for her at Spaudling Hotel. My friend was traveling alone and wanted some place that was safe, cheap, and central. We were looking for something around the 60-80 dollar range.Spaudling Hotel is located in an extremely central location, a few blocks from the cable car turnaround, a few blocks from Union Square. If you go by public transportation, everything is near you. BART (to get to San Francisco Airport) is 3 blocks away once you get off Powell Street Station. Food, drugstores, shopping, etc. is all seconds away from the hotel. As with most hotels in downtown, if you go west of Union Square, you will reach Tenderloin (a neighborhood considered shady by most tourists because there is a concentration of homeless people living there) but I think Spaudling is not quite in Tenderloin yet. I am female and would safely walk in the block where the hotel is at night.During the time my friend stayed there, I picked her up from the hotel each day. The room was basic- bed, TV with 4-5 channels, desk, chair, closet, night stand, lamp, and bathroom. everything was very clean. The hallway was a bit run down and there were public WC and showers on each floor. I would guess some rooms have shared accommodations. It does seem like some guests are long-term residents from the people I saw in the hallway. I have seen many single residency occupants in other hotels in San Francisco, and this was nothing compared to those. I felt safe during all the times I was in the hotel.Room doors were pretty old- bolt lock didn't work, but there was a peep hole. Door locked with regular lock.There is one elevator- super small and old fashion. My friend said breakfast was at the restaurant next door. When we checked in, the front desk had messed up the reservation and gave my friend less nights than she booked on their website. I had to help explain to the front desk staff and luckily, they gave her the extra nights. (They had no record, but fortunately, she printed out the confirmation). There is also no security downstairs, as I came and left without even a single staff noticing me.Don't expect top service or a spectacular, but if you are a budget traveler looking for a place to stay the night, Spaudling is not too bad based on the price and location. From what I have seen, the rooms were clean and the price was reasonable for the location. If you are coming to SF, don't spend your money on a fancy hotel room. There's so much else to do!!	
Aug 1 2008	unbelievably unhelpgul!!	I am staying at Spaulding at the moment. We only have a few days so we wanted to quickly arrange some trips - but the extremely unfriendly receptionist has flatly refused to help us, or even let us use the phone to call the tour companies. We have no phone, the internet is too slow, so we're now setting off to macy's third floor to find a payphone. I am speechless!!	
Jul 10 2008 	It is a decent stay with the price and location	This is my first time coming to San Francisco and I choose to stay at Spaudling Hotel with my boyfriend as we think the price and location is very attractive. We took the airport shuttle to the hotel and it only took us about 20 mins for the transportation. It is very convenient.Not as what we read from the previous preview, the front desk agent actually gave us a friendly welcome and we have a newly renovated room. I like the bathroom as it was very new and clean. The room is ok. I like it very bright with sunlight. The hotel provided free internet access which is good for my boyfriend as he can check his stock from time to time. There is not much TV channels but we actually don't really care as we spend most of our time site seeing and shopping. The lift is a little old but I think it is classic as I have never ride this kind of lift before. Location is the best!!I really like the location of the hotel as it is very close to most of the places that we wanted to go. Union Square, Chinatown, San Francisco shopping mall are minutes away. We took the cable car to Fisherman's Walf which the cable car station is just at the corner. I love the ice-cream sundae at Ghirardelli Square**The overall stay at Spaulding Hotel is ok and comfortable and I recommanded to couples like us who loves shopping and site seeing. We met some business travelers going to the convention staying at Spaulding Hotel as well. I believe it is good for business travelers also.**	
Mar 31 2008 	Learn from our mistakes!	I suppose you can say that my husband and I didn't &quot;actually&quot; stay at the spaulding hotel. We checked in, left our bags and went out as fast as possible. We aren't fussy travellers and did not expect much for the money that we were paying, but this place had to be a joke. The place was dingy, dirty, and had rather disgusting furniture. The widow opened to a cement wall and there were wires hanging out of an inside wall, which were possibly once attached to a fire alarm. There was no phone, presumably so you could not call anyone to tell them how crap the place was. To top it off, the door to the room didn't even shut or lock properly. Scary since there was a man wandering the halls, appearing to be strung out on drugs. As I said, we didn't actually stay there because after we came to our senses we ran back to the hotel, got our bags and booked at one of the only available hotels, costing another 180 dollars which was worth EVERY penny. Never again will we make the same mistake.	
Feb 20 2008	WORSE THAN TERRIBLE please don't stay here	Comment by Maria from US-CAPLEASE don't stay here. My bf was actually the one who booked the hotel and since they still have an available room last weekend, he grabbed it thinking that this hotel would be alright since it is near union square......well we were in for a BIG surprise.... yes it was a budget hotel but you would realLy wonder if they have housekeeping!!! THE ROOM STINKS!!!! DIRTY of course... such deceiving pictures....the picture of the room posted there was the only 1 cleaned (??? ) I guess....Reception agent acts like a security guard... I'm not really sure if they speak english...Heater does not work. We told reception about it but still the same.... no action done...No phone inside room ( what kind of hotel is this? )NO REMOTE CONTROL FOR THE TV ( Would you believe this!!!!, I thought my bf was kidding when he told me this... )tHE BATHROOM STINKS TOO... Takes a LOOOONG time for water to heat up.You would be easily disturbed by noise from all over... its like staying at a CARDBOARD hotel. I don't have to say but I want to say that we were SO DISAPPOINTED... Please if you would like to enjoy SFO, keep offSpaulding Hotel.....	
Jan 1 2008 	Do Not Stay!	I wish I had read the reviews before we went! We had a 4 week holiday in USA &amp; Mexico (with a budget of about $100 per night) and this is the only place I am giving a bad review to so that explains how poor it was. I don't believe our room had been serviced when we arrived as someone's comb and loose change was still on the table along with the bed covering folded up ( on the table). I suspect the bed hadn't been changed. There was only one towel for both of us and no telephone to request another. When I went to reception and requested an extra pillow and towel I was told it wasn't possible as she couldn't leave the desk. We never did get our requests and stayed 2 more nights. Breakfast was a paper cup of coffee and pastry next door. I didn't realize I wasn't allowed to use a china cup so my coffee was taken off me and poured out and I was made to use the paper cups. Talk about feel like second class! On check out we weren't even spoken to, we might as well not have been standing there, he didn't even look up from his computer. They then had the cheek to send us an email asking what we thought! Location is good but spend and extra $20 and stay somewhere else as this place is the pits.	
Dec 15 2007 	It is a sewer	I spent a weekend there and it is a bad smelling, dirty and expensive sewer.DONT GO THERE!!!	
Oct 17 2007 	Central location	The Spaulding was fine for the money. It was clean and comfortable, right in the centre of the CBD if thats where you want to be. If I had my time again I would probably stay near Fishermans wharf since it is a nicer looking area but Spaulding is definately a central hotel and the cable car is just down the road. One thing they could improve on was breakfast. You got a coupon which you could use in the restaurant next door to get a tea or coffee and donut or bagel. I wouldnt really call that a breakfast. But it was free so I guess you can't really complain!	
Oct 5 2007 	Good crash pad	Really convenient location. Small hotel close to Union Square. Great if you only need a place to sleep, shower and stash your stuff. Clean with a private bath. No air conditioning, cable TV, in room telephones or alarm clocks, but that's OK if you know in advance and don't visit during a heat wave.	
Sep 21 2007	adequate you get what you pay for!	This is a bare bones hotel. We spent two nights in the updated room. It was clean , everything worked and we had a view of O'farrell St. The good points are; the hotel is very close to BART and one block from cable car, you can hear it go by, which I thought was very cool. If you want to spend time in your hotel or expect perfection this is not the one for you, But if you want a place to sleep, shower (lots of hot water and very even temps) and to keep your stuff safe, this is the place. Breakfast was a donut or begal and coffee or tea. We checked out and left our bags for seven hours at the front desk. I would like to add there are some people staying at the hotel who appear to actually reside there, Possibly, begining to reenter mainstream society? They were polite but not polished.	
Aug 17 2007	Not too bad	We were happy to find this hotel with available rooms considering the one we had booked on the net was undergoing refurbishment and was closed but nobody told usthe room was all right but expensive considering its quality it was a bit old. the location was really good near everythingbreakfast was included but it was only a cup of tea or coffee and a donut or something not enough to fill you up for a sightseeing day	
Jul 21 2007 	Don't Be fooled!	My friend and I initially booked this hotel for the great price and good reviews from other travellers. Unfortunately between the time we booked and the time we arrived it had obviously gone down hill.We initially had our intended stay for 6 nights but only stayed for one. We would of left that night except for the fact we had a late flight into San Francisco and it is very hard getting a hotel at 11pm.The lobby/reception is clean and nice looking but when you venture further you discover that it is not all that nice.We requested a non-smoking room with two double beds and fridge. We got a room with a single bed and bunk bed and no fridge in the room but that wasn't the main problem. The bed linen was dirty. The bathroom, disgusting with stains in the bath/shower. The room smelt (as did the corridor/floor to get to the room). I wanted to gag! The tv had graffiti etched into it and if you wanted a view outside your window, I hope you like brickwalls.When we went downstairs to the reception desk we were told that there were no other rooms available. When we asked why we didn't get the room we paid for we were told we would have to speak to management. (Management was a no show- even the next morning).We roughed it for the one night sleeping on top of the covers. It was a cold night but we didn't put on the heater due to the state of it we feared we would blow ourselves up!We felt totally unsafe here. We could hear all the noise and yelling from the rooms around us. We slept with the light on.Warning - Forget the advertisements that it is in union square , this hotel is on the edge of the Tenderloin area - unsafe area known for the drug addicts etc.Unless by some miracle you get a refurnished room (which is what we expected) I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. Even if you got a nice room, I'd still have doubts staying here.Other points: There is one elevator that is very old and slow and be prepared to share it with cockroaches.There is no telephone in the room.No electronic keys	
Jul 20 2007 	Awful Awful Awful	Should be condemned. Go somewhere else. Don't even think about it. Filthy, small, cramped, tough neighbourhood, surrounded by homeless people on the streets,... there are other good places around.	
Jun 17 2007 	Never again.	The best thing this hotel has is its location and they know it, this is the only way I can explain they are still in business. The staff is unexperienced, and rude; there is only one person at the front desk (that is when there is actually one at all)I arrived one hour after the check in time and the room was not ready yet, I had to wait for another hour because &quot;the maid was too busy&quot;. When I finally made it to my room the linens were dirty with every kind of stains and hairs you can imagine. I had to request new linens but the maid refused to change the pillow cases because &quot;she had forgotten them&quot;, she got very upset when I told them changing them the next day was not an option.The internet connection is awful, most of the times is not working and eventhough this can be solved by resetting the modem, there is only one guy who can do it and he will only do it if you insist a lot.If you are planning an extended stay here, do not bother on paying for cleaning service, the maids will only clean your room when they feel like doing it and they cannot even do the bed on a decent way.The thing that shocked me the most happenned the last day when I tried to check out. It was about 5am and the desk was unattended and the doors unlocked, and it lasted like that for at lest 20 minutes until I was able to wake the person in charge up. ANYONE on probably the most unsafe neighbourhood of the city can get into the hotel at early hours of the morning.Other things I think people should know are:-There is only one elevator, and it is stinky, small, old and very slow.-There is no phone not cable TV in rooms.-The building is old and the floors squeaky.-You might have to share your room with cockroaches as I did.-There are no electronic keys.I have been in budget hotels before but this one should not even be called hotel. I would have changed somewhere else but with Memorial Day around those days every hotel in the area was full but this one, now I know why...	
Jun 7 2007	Bed Bug	This hotel have serious bed bug problem, please do not stay here to just save a few bucks......I had more that 20 bit marks when I get up in the morning.....especially 5th floor is infested with bed bug.	
May 21 2007 	The place is filthy	The place is filthy and noisy. Toilets and bathtub were disgusting. The bathrooms looked like they were not cleaned for months. The pillows and sheets were smelly… TV did not work, we requested a non smoking room and we did not get that… The staff was not helpful at all. They just diapered and left the place unattended...Any way we end up not staying …it was a problem because there as a Oracle conventions going on so it was very difficult t find a place to stay a last minute… but the worst was that after all that the manager was refusing to refund our credit cards. Serious this was our worst experience ever!	
May 12 2007 	Scared	I stayed with my wife at this hotel and it was really disgusted. There were fleas in the bed; the water pressure in the shower was ridiculous you could count the number of water drops/minutes, the bathroom was too old and dirty. There was no telephones in the room, no air conditioner (I couldn't sleep in the warmer day)and no wireless. The hotel web site doesn't give you the really impression from the rooms. I got budget hotels in San Diego and Los Angeles during my trip but this one made me scared. Try another budget option, trust me.	
May 8 2007 	There's pro's and cons ...	Where do I start. First off, booking the hotel was a very easy process, and I called in advance to get a room with wi-fi. The guy down at the front desk was really cool and very helpful. I wish the room was as pleasant.The location is unbeatable - Union Square is right around the corner about a half block away. Everything is literally right outside - great if you take public transport and are doing shopping. Okay, so the pro's thus far were the booking, guy at front desk, and location.I got to my room and was a bit dissapointed. The room had a decent bed - no problem there. It was very small, and quite dark. I had a room which had a window which opened to an alley. You could clearly hear people talking in the building next door (they obviously had windows open) - the neighboring build was that close.There is no phone in the room - that was a major problem for me in particular - although I am going to be getting a mobile phone anyways tomorrow. There was a heater, and a ceiling fan (which you absolutely need in the Bay Area in May), but no A/C (I could live without that). So, the room was very unimpressive - the chair was nearly a plastic one. The bathroom was okay, but there were no regular sized towels provided (odd, considering there was a floor towel, and two small face cloths). There was no iron or dryer in the room, and of course no fridge or microwave. The room and the hotel in general had an odd odor.So, it is basically a place to sleep, that's it. The sad part is that given it's location it could be so much more - very,very easily, in fact. It could be much more profitable as well. I have to wonder about the current owners. Even if it is lower budget, it can be improved with very minor things which willpay for itself in more people being booked and easily charging higher rates.	
Apr 26 2007	Great location and price	I spent three nights here on first landing in San Francisco. Located right by Union Square, cable cars and the metro, it was a great base for exploring the city.It's not spectacular in terms of decor but it's clean, the staff are friendly and helpful and, lets face it, it's hardly an expensive hotel - what more do you expect for the price.The hotel seems to be in the process of being refurbished and some rooms are nicer than others. After spending 3 weeks travelling around the west coast of the USA I returned to San Francisco to fly home and checked back into the Spaulding for my final night.My first room was on the third floor at the front of the building and quite noisy. The second was on the seventh floor at the rear of the building and was much quieter.	
Jan 14 2007 	Bed Bugs!!!!!	Good location, good price, but that's about it. As lots of other reviewers have mentioned, the hotel smelt bad - not our room though luckily, just the corridors. Seemed relatively clean, but the bathroom was a bit grotty - paint peeling off and just really old looking. And then.... we got bitten by bed bugs, so would definitely not recommend this place unless you're immune to these pests!!	
Oct 10 2006 	Location location location!!	Booked a room on the weekend of the Bluegrass Festival, fleet week, and various other festivals. The city was packed, no rooms to be had. 90.00 a night was right in my budget instead of the 350.00+ a night at neighboring hotels, which were also booked up. It was what I expected. Clean and no nonsense. They had a nice little doughnut and coffee thing going on in the lobby in the morning. If you want a romantic weekend in the city, this is not the hotel for you. But if you are interested in a great location, an ok room with not a frill to be had. Don't be afraid to book this hotel. With a little paint, nicer curtains an upgrade in towels and bedding, throw in a couple of tacky paintings, this hotel could charge much more. Gigi	
Sep 6 2006	you can do better than this	liked -price - approx $85 per nightlocation....30 seconds to union squaredisliked -shabby, dated room &amp; general tattiness of whole hotelthe door to the room that felt like it could be shoulder-charged open very easilyoverall -it's not a total dump - I have stayed in worse - but shop around and you will be able to find a much nicer place than this for a similar price...(as an example, later in our holiday we stayed in the Argent for $100 per night).	
Sep 1 2006 	Great disappointment with Spaulding!	Greatly disappointed with Spaulding Hotel. Was the worst lodging I had when I was travelling USA for 14 days. Paid $76 per night for 3 nights and there was a weird smell when I entered the hotel. In fact, the whole hotel had this weird smell. The front desk guy gave us a room on the 3rd floor initially which I felt terribly cheated when I entered the room. It was SMALL, DIRTY, DARK and OLD. This looked different from the photos shown on the hotel's website when I first booked it. Was terribly upset and went down to confront the front desk guy. I told him the room looked totally different from what was advertised and it was really not acceptable. He then gave us another room on the 7th floor for us to see if we liked it. It looked much better than the first room he gave us. Brighter and slightly bigger, at least. We had no choice but to accept it. We kept thinking that the hotel cheated us by giving us a smaller room without informing us although the price we paid for was for a bigger room. This left a really bad impression that the hotel was not honest in doing business.If i was in San Francisco again, I will never choose to stay in this hotel again. We had 3 luggages to move in and the rooms were situated far away from the lift where we had to struggle through 2 doors before reaching our room. It was great inconvenience! Although the location is in Union Square, there are certainly better hotels in the vicinity that although slightly more expensive, are more worth your consideration! Don't make a choice I regretted.	
Aug 21 2006 	Reserve is not guranteed. Mind you !	I online reserve a room at Spaulding for 6 days, and got the confirmation email etc. But I went there, they told me they have no available room, and they divert me to their sister hotel - Parking. I walk my way there, take 20min for first timer, carrying my huge baggage. However, the Parking can only offer me first 4 night stays, well, what can i say? It is not Parking's fault however.My first day of holiday is spoilt, and i have to look around for cheap hotel to stay for last 2 nights. Cheap price come with low quality - i can accept that. But I cant torelate somebody do bussiness without basic moral, especially hotel bussiness.Mind you, if you really want to reserve this hotel, better call them up few days or even weeks to make sure they really reserve your reservation.	
Jun 24 2006 	Crack House	I know I stayed in the economy room, but I still expected something nicer. Soon as I walked in I started crying because it was so gross. I wouldn't let the blankets touch me and I found a container of pills under my bed. I had a tough time sleeping in fear of my window with it's busted open lock. I was going to stay there for 3 nights, but just left the next day. If you stay here don't get an economy room. You're better off getting a single hostel room that's right around the corner from this hotel.	
May 29 2006	I recommend this hotel	When I moved to San Francisco, I stayed at the Spaulding Hotel for a few months before finding an apartment. The price was very affordable and the rooms were well-maintained. I recommend this place to anyone coming to San Francisco for business or leisure; the location is great!	
Oct 12 2005	Spaulding Hotel is Fine	I don't know what the previous posters expected, but given the price the Spaulding Hotel was just as I expected - except the location was even better than I thought. The bulding is old but has character and it looks like the hotel is making improvements. I did not notice any bad smells. I looked at other hotels around the area and couldn't find anything under $110. I consider myself an independent/budget traveller. I don't go to a city to spend a lot of time in a hotel room so all I need is a clean, safe and well located hotel. I prefer to save money on the hotel to spend on other things. The Spaulding was exactly what I was looking for. I have definately paid more for worse hotels. As long as you aren't expecting the Ritz and you want to be in the center of all the action, then the Spaulding is a good option for the price. By the way, make sure you ask for a renovated room - at first I was given a non-renovated room that was a little tired but ok, but the renovated room was perfect.	
Sep 21 2005	Central location bad hotel		
Sep 19 2005 	Last Resort		
Aug 28 2005	Below Average!		
Jul 29 2005	you get what you pay for		
Jul 12 2005	Weird Smell @ the Spaulding		
Jun 26 2005	Wouldn't stay there again		
Jun 3 2005	Great savings		
Mar 25 2005	Great value and location		
Feb 21 2005	good for backpackers		
Nov 16 2004	Fantastic Location		
Aug 12 2009 	Bien como residencia de estudiantes		
Jun 28 2008	A éviter		
