	A Fabulous Experience!!	We stayed one night &amp; it was great! They have complimentary valet parking &amp; they would even allow our car to be parked till late evening even if we checked out,. The location was great for us just a couple blocks from the Great American Music Hall which we had plans to see a show the night we were in town and the 5:30 wine reception was a great start to our evening. The staff was friendly, helpful, energetic, &amp; funny from check in to check out! My fiance read some reviews before hand &amp; knew to reserve the top floor because some said there was a room to room noise issue - We had none! Our room &amp; bathroom was clean &amp; crisp feeling. We loved the eco-friendliness the hotel offers!! We'll definitely stay again. We already recommended Hotel Carleton to everyone we spoke to about our trip!	
	A+++++ YOU WON'T BE DISAPPOINTED	We stayed at the Carlton Hotel from 22 November for 3 nights and to be honest I tried to change our booking following reading the negative reviews on tripadvisor. I couldn't get the booking changed so held my breath and hoped for the best. How glad I am that we had to go to the Carlton. The hotel is situated on Sutter Street which is about a 15 minute walk from Union Square, I know everyone keeps going on about the front desk staff but they have to be seen to be believed they are so helpful and friendly, really genuine and really do go the extra mile to make sure you have a great stay. Our room was based at the back of the hotel and had a massive bed, the room and bathroom were both tastefully decorated. The hotel is near the Tenderloin area which is not the best area in the city, but the staff do warn you on checkin not to go near it, we unfortunately wondered into it and did feel very threatened and vulnerable, although no one approached or even spoke to us, but we had been warned and should have paid more attention to where we were going.Other reviews have also stated that the walls are paper thin in the hotel, I can categorically state that I am a light sleeper and I did not hear a single sound from the other rooms during our entire stay. I certainly could hear traffic and fire sirens but hey what do you expect if you are staying in the middle of a major city.I really don't know what the negative reviewers are talking about, I am so glad I took a chance and stayed at this wonderful hotel.	
	Brilliant hotel with loads of character and staff to match	We stayed here for 3 nights from the 22-25 November 2009. On arriving at the hotel, we were greated by Theo at the reception, he has loads of character, very professional cheery and funny. Check- In was easy and he instantly asked if we needed direction to anywhere or tours organised. He gave us a map, and pointed out how to get to Fisherman's wharf which was a number 47 bus from Van Ness Av, this was a short 5 min walk to the stop. He also explained we were within walking distance of the main shopping area. Do not miss Macy's or Westfield Shopping Centre.Only slight grumble was the rooms was a bit noisy as we could hear the guy next dooe coughing quite loudly so not Theo also explained that the hotel had a 5.30 Wine reception every night, to meet fellow travellers. We made this every night, Theo provided the music by playing the keyboard in the hotel. We met load of people from our neck of the woods, who had been on our cruise previous to this who were staying at the hotel, we had brilliant time at the reception as everybody made a point of being back for this.The breakfast in the hotel is expensive, but loads of cafe's etc around the hotel, hotel recommended Wing Lum the chinese for dinner, this is not much to look at inside, but food was excellent (1 portion between 2 is loads) and we passed on our knowledge to 2 other groups who also ate there. Also Little Henry is a lovely Italian cafe/diner with typical good italian food, run by a chinese family all reasonably priced. Alcatraz is not to be missed	
	Fabulous Hotel Great location	Fabulous Hotel, Great locationI absolutley adored this place. It feels family run and cosy, its in an ideal location for town, shopping, the cheesecake factory!I never ate at the restaurant but heard very good things about it.Stay here, Its the best hotel I've ever stayed at.	
Nov 24 2009 	Great stay	Spent a week at the Carlton in November. First time in San Francisco so I was a little apprehensive about previous guests concerns about the hotel's location on the fringes of the Tenderloin, but didn't have an issue with this during our stay. The Carlton offers great value in a good location, the staff were really friendly and I loved my room.	
Nov 20 2009	Good Location	I stayed at this hotel at the start and at the end of a tour of the West Coast of USA. The reception area is very pleasant and the complementary wine reception in the early evening was very welcome to get to know others staying at the hotel. The rooms are a good size and clean. I only used the restaurant for a cup of coffee but found the staff very friendly and helpful. The hotel is located about ten minutes walk from Union Square although the immediate area around the hotel is not the best.	
Nov 15 2009 	Top quality great location incredible value	I have to add to the positive reviews of the Hotel Carlton. Our experience here was excellent. The front desk was super helpful and friendly, helping get us checked in early even though we hadn't requested it and showing us how to take the train to the huge embarrassing Bears game we were in town for. We had absolutely no problems with our room or the &quot;thin walls&quot; other reviewers complained about. The bed and bedding were very clean and comfortable and the bathroom fixtures were new (ok, the tub could use a replacement). The quality of the furnishings totally blew away the bargain price we paid for the room.I guess if you're not from a city you could think the surrounding neighborhood is sketchy. But we didn't think so at all. It's just urban. We walked back home every night after midnight and there was always lots of activity and people out and about. We loved being right in the middle of everything - a short walk to Union Square, Chinatown, and lots of bars and restos. I am so glad we took a chance and stayed at the Hotel Carlton. We would definitely stay here again or at another Joie de Vivre hotel.	
Nov 12 2009 	The Carlton Hotel is the best stay in SF for the price and location! Dyan Vancouver B.C. Canada	Like several people before us we had a perfect stay at the Carlton from start to finish. We were there for 5 nights from Nov. 4th to 9th. The staff was of very friendly, and helpful like others mentioned. When we arrived they worked it out so that our friend who also booked a room for the same time was just down the hall in #610 and we were in #608. This worked out well for planning our days together and having a coffee in the morning etc. None of us found the walls paper thin like some have said. The view wasn't great but we didn't care. You could hear the doors in the hallways and water running from other showers but neither were out of the ordinary. We could hear sirens from time to time from the nearby fire station and hospital but it wasn't bad. I do sleep with earplugs in all the time anyways because I'm a light sleeper. The room was not too small with a little writing desk and biggish closet for a hotel and a personal safe in the closet, with iron and ironing board. The bed was sooo comfortable! and the rooms kept clean. The room was also the perfect temperature, not too hot or too cold. Nice Moroccan, modern decor and there is filtered water in the lobby if you want instead of the tap water. There is a water jug you can fill up and bring back to your room. There is a coffee maker in the room with complimentary coffee. I wish they also had a few tea bags ,it's maybe something they could add. We would grab a coffee and yummy almond croissant from a little place up at 916 Sutter called Dolce Gelato, apparently they have the best Gelato in the world according to others but we never tried it. The Carlton is a green hotel so you can have your sheets and towels done everyday, or if you want or save water and energy by not having them done daily they have a little sign to put out for the cleaning staff to tell them what you would like. They also have recycling bins in the rooms which is great for paper and bottles etc.There are 2 computers in the Lobby area for guests. You get 20 minutes free per day which is super! You just have to run your Visa through the slot on the side of the computer and a timer will come up on the screen for 20 mins. at the end of the 20 mins. a note will come on the screen asking if you want to purchase more time or terminate, I always terminated which is no charge on your Visa. 20 mins. is great just to check your mail etc. The free wine tasting in the evenings from 5:30 to 6:00pm is awesome. They will refill your wine as well if you want more than a glass no problem. It's nice to mingle with the other guests and it's very popular!! The front desk also opened a couple of corked bottles of wine for us which we had bought at a store because we had no corkscrew, and asked if we wanted wine bottles to take to the room. We thought the location was great, lots of buses go nearby and not too far from Market St. and Union square. Good shops and restaurant nearby. I know there are some rough spots in the Tenderloin area but I think every city has that, we had no problems. Finally I must say that we went to the SAHA Restaurant as recommended by others and were not disappointed. The food was amazing! All the dishes were good, and they had Vegan options for our friend who is a Vegan. We went twice, the second time was for a couple of appy's and desert. We all tried Chocopear (Chocolate &amp; Pear mousse with poached pear), Slap ya mama (Roasted fruit, date &amp; almond marzipan, and chocolate wrapped in phyllo and baked), Warm Chocolate Cake (Served with gelato, it's the best chocolate cake ever!!! ,Knaffe (Classic Middle Eastern dessert consisting of layers of Arabic cheese &amp; shredded phyllo with syrup) My mouth is watering just thinking about these.. I can't rave enough about all the dishes we had including main courses. They also have a breakfast menu which had Vegan options and looked good. They restaurant was always quite busy. Not huge portions and but a reasonable amount and price for the fantasic flavor sensations there. So I would just say &quot;stay here&quot; next time you are in San Francisco it's a FABULOUS Hotel!Dyan, from Vancouver, B.C. Canada	
Nov 11 2009 	A Jewel of a Hotel - and Green Too	We've stayed in plenty of San Francisco hotels, from fancy (on various company nickels) to fleabags. Hotel Carlton was definitely the nicest. From the moment we checked in and Theo handed us a map and a copy of the Bay Guardian while other guests were enjoying the free wine reception in the lobby, we knew we had hit on something special. We ended up having a terrific three-day stay at the Carlton. The room, decorated with lovely Middle Eastern furnishings and tasteful global art, was good-sized (large enough for us, anyway) and had a huge walk-in closet with a safe for valuables. The king-size bed was extremely comfortable: no backache, even after three nights! The location was great, about a 10-minute walk to Union Square and an affordable cab ride to other parts of the city. The in-hotel restaurant, Saha, gave us and our two foodie friends a memorable meal at a surprising price point. The hotel is also environmentally aware, which is very important to us. Our only complaint was that the person in the room next door whined to the front desk that we had the TV on too loud (it was at a normal volume) at 4 p.m.! However, the desk staff were very apologetic and offered to give us another room, if we wanted. Fortunately, our overly sensitive next-door neighbour checked out early the next morning, so we stayed put. We thought the situation was handled very well. The upshot: Unless your idea of a nice hotel is a Westin or Hilton, you will enjoy the Hotel Carlton.	
Nov 7 2009 	Quite a reasonable hotel in an expensive city	The variability of the reviews for this hotel show how people's expectations can vary. I found this hotel to be an excellent choice when you consider the difficulty of finding a reasonably priced hotel within walking distance of Union Square. Yes, it's an old building, and you can hear street noises, and the neighborhood isn't Nob Hill (although it's nearby). It's a good price; it's well cared-for; the staff members are helpful; the restaurant is good; it's a reasonable walk to all sorts of great places (many straight uphill, of course). I would and probably will return to this hotel, and I suggest that those with reasonable expectations will enjoy their stay.	
Nov 7 2009 	Room not good; but staff are great	I admit that when my husband and I checked into our room we were a bit taken aback. We got a corner room which was a good size and the walk in closet was a plus. But the walls are paper thin, you can hear every conversation and worst of all - dogs barking. BEWARE that this is a pet friendly hotel.The room is really dated and the decor kind of bizarre. The bathroom was dated as well. Everything seemed to be fairly clean but to be honest we thought about moving to another hotel the next day.BUT...the staff are the friendliest we met during our three week stay in America (7 hotels) - very welcoming right from the start, with good senses of humor and a genuine and sincere attitude to being of service to the guests. Theo, who works the front desk, was an absolute delight everytime we dealt with him (even on the phone). He gave a great recommendation for burgers (Sliders). We were skeptical at first but he was right. Even the maid wrote a thank you note for the tip we gave her. That's a first time for me.The staff were the main reason the hotel grew on us... we won't come back but that's because we prefer a different type of hotel (not pet friendly). The hotel should be proud of its staff.	
Nov 6 2009 	Friendly Funky and Fun	We stayed at the Hotel Carlton while my spouse attended a convention in nearby Union Square. I found this hotel to be a true delight. The rooms were clean, modern and stylish. I was impressed with their environmental emphasis which included filtered water available on each floor to avoid having to buy bottled water. Also, great free Internet service in every room. The front desk staff were charming, helpful, had great senses of humor, and went out of their way to create a friendly and hospitable atmosphere. As for the neighborhood, this is not exactly Nob Hill, but on the other hand, it is not dangerous and the hotel is adjacent to some of the best Thai and Vietnamese food I've eaten. Once again, a recommendation from Theo of the front desk set us in the right direction for a truly terrific meal. If you want staid and stodgy, perhaps this hotel won't be your thing, but if you are after a clean, modern, and fun place with lots of hospitality and charm, you can't go wrong with the Hotel Carlton.	
Nov 5 2009 	average	average stay, parking cost $20 across the street, below average neighborhood, room nice and clean, no AC, only heat. Old but well kept building. WIne reception in the evening, but seats are taken up fast	
Nov 1 2009 	OK Hotel.	Rooms were ok, bathroom is bit shabby and theres alot of noise from outside (fire engines).Not really that many amenities at the hotel - but the lobby area was nice.	
Nov 1 2009 	Friendly staff in a nice comfortable hotel	This was our first hotel in a road trip across the US and it made for a perfect start. The staff were welcoming and funny, the rooms were fine and the food &amp; service in the restaurant was good, if a little expensive in the evening.We particularly enjoyed the regular evening wine &amp; music. Being a bit cynical we thought at first it was going to be some sales &amp; marketing ploy, but it was just a genuine chance for the guests to mingle &amp; talk (or just sit and drink a free glass!)If we were to go back to SF we would stay here again.	
Nov 1 2009 	Great Price	My fiance and I planned a trip to San Francisco in August. After we researched several hotels in San Francisco, we picked Hotel Carlton based on price. It is one of the most economical hotels, but that doesn't come without some inconvenience. To get anywhere a tourist may want to go, you'll have to take a cab or some form of public transportation. We bought a 7 day bus pass, although we could have probably could have gotten away with buying a 3 day because the drivers never checked what dates were scratched off. The staff was really friendly. When we arrived at the room, a screen was out and the tv was broken and within 20 minutes, both were fixed. The front desk staff was very welcoming and always answered all of our questions. Along with the distance from major San Francisco attractions, there were some other downfalls. The building is old, and the bathroom really shows it. Showers are pretty outdated and a little dirty looking (although I'm sure it is just stained). Also the walls are SO thin. We had been put in an adjoining room with a thin door separating us and our loud neighbors. Not only could we hear every conversation and tv show they were watching, light also shined through when our room was completely dark and their lights were on. I'm a light sleeper so I probably wouldn't go back, but for a heavy sleeper, this place is great!	
Oct 31 2009 	worst hotel ever!	After staying in 16 different hotels over 10 years this has to be the worse, it had nice reception and friendly staff but rooms are dated and smelly, the one thing that spoiled my holiday was the walls were paper thin and i could hear every word people in the next rooms were saying and when someone shut a door eveyone else knew about.	
Oct 25 2009 	rubbish	my wife and i stayed there for 3 days when we arrived we asked for a map at reception they gave us a map and penciled out aeras not to go into they told us to keep the dead bolt on ther door my wife was tterrified would not leave hotel at night to many freaks i read some reviews and do not understand people saying how good this place was they must all be on drugs or something i think it was a red light aera as there was a few massage parlours and alot of dodgy people floating about at all times even going into hotel as the doors wear not locked all the time i was out for a fag 1 mornig at 330 am there was 2 guys trying to breake into the atm machine after a hour watching them the police turned up not one car but four cars and a van so i think that tells you all about the aera that people is saying is so good they must be of there head would not recomend this hotel in this aera to my worse enemy felt totaly unsafe and left to go to airport 15 hours before we wear due to fly out would reacomend fishermans wharf nice place to stay thanks terry m iam also contacting to thomas cook regarding this hotel and aera they sent us to total disgrace	
Oct 23 2009 	Good hotel decent area	Me and my wife stayed here for a week early in October. We found the hotel to be in a decent area, with good transport links very close by to most of the city. 15 mins walk will take you to Union Sq and China Town, but busses are frequent either on Sutter or 1 street up or down (one way system).Other posts said before we went that the walls were paper thim - i'd agree and add that the sound proofing to outside is no better either - beware the sirens of the nearby fire station if you're room is at the back of the hotel!The bath is old and neds replaced, but other than that i thought it was a good hotel rom we had.The hotel staff as numerous other posters suggest are very helpful and friendly. We never took advantage of the free wine but made good use of the bar next door during happy hour.Overall, a good hotel, nicelely decorated and would stay here agin if visiting SF again.	
Oct 22 2009 	the staff make this hotel feel like home	This hotel is not right where the action is - it is about a 10 minute walk to union square and 15 - 20 minutes from Fisherman's Wharf, BUT if you are willing to do the short walks (or use the excellent public trans that comes right by the hotel), this place is great!!! Everything is clean, the room was a decent size (we were four women and we did not feel cramped), beds were really comfortable and the staff are beyond compare. Right away they make you feel welcome. You really get the feeling that they love their jobs and enjoy meeting all of the guests. We were in town for the Nike Women's Marathon and when we got back to the hotel after the race all of the staff started to clap and cheer - so sweet!!Every night there is a happy hour which never seems to end unless you want it to (we didn't and our happy &quot;hour&quot; lasted 3 hours and our glasses always seemed to be full - thanks Edgar!!). I asked about some little paper stars that were around the lobby and next thing I knew was getting a lesson and supplies so that I could make them at home with my kids. The kids love them! Theo was a very patient teacher!! All of the staff were the friendliest I have ever encountered in any hotel, I just can't say enough about them!We had breakfast at the restaurant and it was very good, and there are 2 bars very close by, one a lounge type and the other a more active sports bar. Everything else was a bit of a walk but it wasn't too bad, as I said, just a few blocks to Union Square.If I go back to the area I would definitely stay there again and would recommend it to any of my friends!!	
Oct 22 2009	shabby area seedy	I have just read some reviews regarding this hotel and can't believe it's the one we stayed in.Although i agree the staff were very friendly , the rooms were badly in need of an update. Athough the bathroom was clean the bath was old and badly stained ,as was the carpet. The night we arrived the weather turned cold, but there was no heating in the room apart from a rusty old radiator. When my friend complained about the cold they asked did she want a portable heater in her room. We arrived late on the first night ,as we were hungry the staff recommended the bar next door, we ordered pizza, just as we finished it we saw a mouse running about, we informed the staff who seemed totally inconcerned. The hotel was also in a seedy area, down and outs were plentiful sleeping opposite the hotel. Carole O'Hare Merseyside England	
Oct 21 2009 	Great Hotel Unique and Friendly	We stayed three nights at the start of a California drive holiday, and really enjoyed our experience at the Hotel Carlton.I was a little concerned about the location before arriving, but we felt very safe throughout the whole visit...there are plenty of good breakfast diners nearby, and its only a short walk from Union Square.The staff were very friendly and helpful, and despite previous reviews stating thin walls we didn't have any problems with noise at all in our room.	
Oct 21 2009 	Solid 3 star hotel with a great staff and expensive parking	I was in San Francisco for a large conference @ Moscone Center, and it was fleet week to boot. The hotel scene was tight and this is what I ended up with. It's in a nice neighborhood - but you're going to have to hike/taxi/drive to the attractions and BART is nowhere close by. It's an older hotel, a nice lounge in the first floor, great desk staff and generally pretty clean. I had a good stay at this hotel, but here are a couple things you should know: It's central heat, you have no control of the heat in your room, full power when the system is on, cold when it's off. If you are staying in the warm season I did not see any aircon. Parking, valet only at the hotel, is $30/night +tax and when I arrived all the local lots were full - there really are only a handful of small parking lots around the hotel so you are likely to be stuck with valet if your are driving. Other than that it was a nice hotel. A wine tasting in the evening, a Zagat rated restaurant onsite - although I did not try it. Would I stay here again - maybe - but I'd sure work Priceline pretty hard first, there are better deals to be had.	
Oct 21 2009 	Would definitely recommend!!	I stayed here for four nights with a friend from 28 Sept to 1 Oct for our visit to San Francisco. The location was good for all we wanted to do. The staff were friendly and the rooms were clean. Being in the city, it was quite noisy but no more than I would expect. Only downside according to my friend was the fact that it did not have a bar. This was easily solved though as there is a nice bar next door with a friendly atmosphere.	
Oct 21 2009 	Great hotel great location	We went out to San Fran for my first marathon. This hotel was a great great price for the location. It was a quick 5 block walk to Union Square. The rooms were no frill but nice and clean. Our only complaint was the nice level but that was really due to rude guests rather then it being the hotels fault. There was great restuarants near by and of course wonderful shopping in the square. If we return to San Fran we would definately stay at this hotel.	
Oct 20 2009 	Good service but uncomfortable bed and noisy	I really wanted to like this hotel but I will not return. The service was good and the employees were friendly. We had breakfast at the hotel restaurant one morning and that was good as well. However, the bed was uncomfortable due to the mattress and a stained comforter that made me feel dirty. Also, the walls are very thin. We could hear all the noise from the hallway... every word. Unfortunately we never got a good night's sleep, even with ear plugs. It is a good price for the area(more like between Lower Nob Hill and North Tenderloin - not Union Square).	
Oct 19 2009 	Nice basic hotel with good restaurants nearby	The Carlton is not one of the luxury hotels on Union Square, but it was very clean, great service and had an excellent restaurant. It is billed as being in Union Square area, but it is a good 7 blocks from there. It is really in the area called the &quot;tenderloin&quot; area, and about 3 blocks from the nob hill area - so if you want to walk outside to shopping, this isn't your hotel. Its probably a converted walk up apartment building, so the bathrooms and rooms are small but very comfortable.	
Oct 18 2009 	An honest review	We stayed at the following hotels during our stay in USA between Sept 28 - Oct 12 2009.The Crown Plaza Anaheim CaliforniaThe Courtyard by Marriott, Waikiki, HawaiiThe Hotel Carlton, San Francisco.If you have any questions/queries, please email me at dhemingsley@protocol-skills.co.ukMy husband and I stayed at The Hotel Carlton in October 2009 and had a fab, fab time!This hotel is very quaint and quirky - loved it!This hotel is in the middle of Fishermans Wharf and Union Square. The reception told us we could walk just 2 blocks and catch the local bus service. This would take us directly to Fishermans Wharf - perfect! The bus route is number 47 and costs $2.50 each return. It operates every 10 mins from 6am until 9pm.Union Square was approx a 15 min walk - about 7 blocks. No hills luckily.We booked tours with a company called City Sightseeing which is based in Anchorside shopping centre in Fishermans Wharf. Easy to find - red, double decker buses. We went over the Golden Gate Bridge, all around the streets and buildings in San Fran and also a tour of Alcatraz. We booked it over here in England for about £50 each, but tickets can be bought over there! We noticed that tours to Alcatraz were sold out a couple of weeks in advance so look into that before you go if it's something your interested in.There isn't really alot to say about the Hotel Carlton other than is lovely! Staff are lovely and as far as we are concerned a fab location! San Francisco is quite spread out - so dependant on what interests you, depends whether this hotel would suit your needs! I know a lot of people who advised me to stay in Fishermans Wharf, which is where the majority of restaurants are. This didnt bother us and we wanted to look around everywhere - and as we only spent 2 full days here wasnt an issue.	
Oct 14 2009 	Great staff great hotel	really enjoyed our stay at hotel carlton, straight away we were met by very friendly and funny reception staff who showed us where to go, what to see and what to do. the hotel is situated about a 10 min walk away from union square and is in a nice clean neighbourhood. breakfast is very nice in the hotel but there are nicer breakfasts available just a block away towards union sq, pancakes to die for!!all in all the hotel room was spacey, clean and very quiet and comfortable, highly reccommended	
Oct 12 2009 	Very charming character hotel	Stayed here for four days and managed to get a room with reduced car parking rate. Lovely room with traditional blinds, old fashioned lamps etc. Not a huge room, but plenty big enough for my travel needs. If I was visiting SF again I would stay here. Only 10 minutes walk into to the centre. The staff running breakfast in the morning were extremely friendly, polite, quick and helpful.	
Oct 11 2009 	Very nice hotel with close by access to places to go.	Room was interesting. Bed was very comfortable. The desk staff went out of their way to answer every question, and were always polite and helpful.The SAHA restaurant in the building had wonderful dinners but breakfast was a little pricey.The hotel was very willing to recommend other places that were within walking distance.	
Oct 8 2009 	Comfortable clean and friendly	I stayed at the Carlton for a business trip recently. I have stayed with them before. the rooms are comfortable, clean and have their own charm. Theo, a long standing employee made sure I got a great room on the quiet side of the hotel with a view. A few minor glitches were fixed when I called the desk. There is a great and very unique restaurant on site. there was also internet access in my room. The elevators are small and slow but there are some great pictures from around the world to look at while you ride.	
Oct 8 2009 	Hidden gem	We arrived here as the last part of a trip covering much of canada and Hawai and were having a final few days before returning to the uk.We arrived late at night after a flight delay and received a warm welcome.This was a small very friendly hotel.The reception staff are all pleasant and welcoming and are most obliging.The restaurant too are very helpful and nothing is too much trouble.the rooms although dated are clean and comfortable.Loved the free wine in the early evening with a chance to meet other hotel guests.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Hotel- Fantastic Staff- Free Wine- but thin walls!	Loved this hotel!! The staff was GREAT! So friendly and funny... &quot;We are not a smoking hotel- but we are a drinking hotel, so please come down for free wine at 5:30!&quot; My room was awesome... old, funky, but nicely appointed and very clean! All the plumbing fixtures were new, but the tub was pretty old. I was on the top floor- great views! I did read previous reviews that the walls were thin, so I brought my earplugs. I had no neighbors the first night, but the second night I could actually hear the guy snoring through the wall and basically hear a conversation going on at another time! So- yes- very thin walls, but I was lucky to be at the very end of the hall (only my 1 neighbor walking by) and they were fairly quiet as hotel guests go. By the elevator you could hear a couple talking VERY loudly every day... THAT would have driven me crazy.	
Oct 8 2009 	Loved this hotel!	We booked this hotel after seeing the price and the reviews. The reviews did not lie. Everyone working here is friendly and helpful. Anything we needed they helped us with and booked all types of activities for us. It makes your stay much more enjoyable. The rooms were perfect. Clean, nice and had everything we needed. There was a safe in the room large enough for a laptop. The free internet was nice as well. The wine reception is great. We didn't make it every night but I would definitely recommend it. The location was great. Easy to get places, and very easy to use public transportation. There were some really nice bars and restaurants right around the corner. We felt totally safe the entire time. As for the noise - we asked for a room that was not adjoining and we did not hear a sound. You can hear doors closing around you but that is the case in any hotel. Overall this was a perfect hotel for our vacation. Oh, and the no AC thing was not a problem. There was a mini heat wave when we were there and the fan and windows were more than enough. Love that it's eco-friendly.	
Oct 4 2009 	Well placed comfortable friendly 3-star hotel	We stayed here for the final 4-nights of our 3-week tour of the west-USA following recommendations on Tripadvisor. We booked the stay through Expdedia and got a great rate as a part of a sale event.The hotel is situated near the downtown area of San Fran and ideally placed to catch the public transport system. The Carlton is a very good 3-star hotel with very friendly and helpful staff. There have been some comments on previous Tripadvisor entries regarding the hotel and the street noise at lower floor levels. We stayed on floor 6 and heard first-hand from a guest who was on the 1st floor, finding the street noise unbearable. So, thanks to those who pointed out that the higher floors are better! Also make sure you have a room that isn't next to the lift shafts!The on site restaurant, SAHA offers arabic-fusion food - highly recommended! A great atmosphere in the restaurant and the food was brilliant.There are bars and restaurants around the hotel; a supermarket right around the corner &quot;Walgreens&quot; (on the corner of Larkin and Bush), and Union Square is a 15-minute walk down Sutter Street. To get around you must use the public transport system - &quot;Sutter Fine Foods&quot; sells 3-day passes for $18 per person and it's well worth it.Free internet access another bonus to the hotel, and there are two PC's near reception with a printer (first 20 minutes on internet is free).No fridge in the room which would have been nice, although there is a safe.There is no air-con, but the windows can be opened fully. The ceiling fan offered good air circulation and the temperature in the city during our stay was pretty comfortable, but I can imagine the room being quite uncomfortable in the height of summer!Free wine evenings from 530pm for an hour in the lobby - a nice touch offered by the hotel - and a good way to mingle.In summary - a real gem in the city, a good quality 3-star hotel and we'd definitely recommend and would go back if visitting San Fran again!	
Oct 3 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised	I happened upon this hotel when the hotel I usually stay at was all booked up. I was pleasantly surprised. I used AAA to get a discount and they also upgraded me to a King Deluxe for free. It turned out to be a great place to stay. At the bottom of Nob Hill, it was near a bus line and easy walking distance to downtown and Chinatown. The rooms, lobby, and restaurant are beautifully decorated in a middle-eastern theme and the whole place was spotless. The restaurant was excellent, and the staff was friendly and very helpful. They seemed to make it a point to ensure I was satisfied. I was. Be sure to ask for a room on one of the upper floors. I was on the 8th and didn’t hear any street noise. By the way, check out Crustaceans Restaurant. It’s only 3 blocks from the hotel and it is fantastic. The noodles and crab are both out of this world. Kind of pricey, but worth it.	
Oct 2 2009 	A true view to San Francisco local life	I stayed at the Hotel Carlton a Joie de Vivre group of hotels for four nights in mid November 2008. The staff of the hotel was one of the most friendly professional and helpful I ever met. The room was lovely and well equipped. Free fast wifi internet access was a plus. The room are well decorated and really remind me of times when I use to be resident of this interesting city.The hotel is located in a not the best area of the city but centrally located and away from most of the places you probably better off away from few street down the hill.For a true view to San Francisco local life the hotel is one of the best! Highly recommended, I will be back!	
Oct 2 2009 	Dissapointed	We chose the Carlton because it fell within our price range and had some good reviews on TA. After arriving from luxury in Las Vegas (for the same price) and we were very dissapointed.We got off to a terrible start with Lorries shuttles (Who were recommended by the hotel) the driver was the rudest guy we had ever met in our life. He never spoke apart from barking at us &quot;which hotel&quot; when he dropped us off he snatched our confirmation and tip (not sure why we bothered with a tip!) and never said thankyou or goodbye..very strange man. The guy who took us back wasn't much better although he did manage a &quot;hello&quot; Anyway I digressed there but as the hotel suggested we use them, i thought i'd better warn you!!All the staff at the hotel were really nice and helpful. The guy on reception gave us a map and showed us which areas to avoid etc.Our room was on the top floor (9) and were expecting something a little special as they were supposed to be the deluxe rooms. Nothing special at all..very very basic apart from a decent TV. Bathroom had a general &quot;worn out&quot; feeling to it. Then we tried to sleep!! We felt as though we were outside! The windows offered no sound proofing at all and you could hear the traffic and the bar next door. The fire station in near by too so sirens were going off all the time. Then the neighbours arrived and again you could here every word they were saying. Walls must have been paper thin. Luckily thats all we heard and I imagine it could get embarassing!!I expected this hotel to be old fashioned and was looking forward to the contrast from our modern room in Vegas. It did have some lovely features but it was looking a little on the tired side to be honest.The location isn't great either. Its a good 15 - 20 mins walk back from Union square and we never felt particulaly safe walking back up Sutter Street. I guess this is reflected in the price we paid though so its fair enough!Overall I would recommend staying nearer to Union Square or nearer Fishermans Wharf (will be worth the extra few bucks). I can't fault the staff though. They were all really nice and helpful. They did a wine reception in the evening which is a nice touch too.The Fly bar next door is great for food and drink. We had a couple of really nice pizzas and there is a good choice of beers.	
Sep 30 2009 	Comfortable cozy retreat close to the action of Union Sqaure	We stayed at the Hotel Carlton (part of the Joie de Vivre group of hotels) for four nights in mid November 2008 in the first week of our holiday which was to drive from San Francisco down to San Diego and then on to L.A. Initially, on arrival in San Francisco we did not have a car and took the BART train from the airport to the centre.Upon check in we were given a map of the city and told where the main sights and attractions were and which area to avoid namely the Tenderloin district. However we had discovered this area already from making our way from the BART station to the hotel. Rather than taking a taxi direct from the airport, we decided to take the BART (which did save a few dollars) and in trying to work out which stop would be closest to the hotel, decided to get off at the Civic Centre stop. This proved a bit of a mistake (but an unforgettable experience nonetheless!), as we dragged our cases up the escalator from the train station we tried to look for a taxi but could not find a vacant one (and there weren't that many about). So we decided to walk in the direction of the hotel and tried to pick up a taxi en-route. As we hauled our luggage past the Civic Centre there was a demonstration going on and the roads were closed, which may have explained the lack of taxis. Walking in the direction of the hotel took us straight through the Tenderloin district. It is a rough area but luckily it was around 3 o'clock on a Saturday afternoon so didn't encounter any problems. The hotel itself is outside the Tenderloin district and it’s amazing the difference a couple of streets can make. In an odd way it gave us the opportunity to see a part of San Fran, where most other tourists would never go which was one positive. Our room was located on the fifth floor. Everything was in good working order and kept extremely clean and tidy. The room was very spacious and contained a huge king size bed. Also in the room were an ironing board &amp; iron, TV, Hairdryer, coffee maker and a Safety deposit box. There was also a bin just for recycling, which show their environmental ethos. Some reviews state how thin the walls are in the hotel, and to an extent this may be true, but only once did it come to our attention, when the occupants of the room next door decided to have an argument over how much money they had spent in one day. (Yes I could actually hear every single word spoken!). However, it did not affect our overall stay.Within the hotel is a restaurant, which we only used once for breakfast on the first day of our stay. The breakfast - ordered from the menu - was typically American which included cereals, pastries, toast or a cooked breakfast from the menu. As far as the food itself was concerned - the breakfast we ate was fine - nothing spectacular but nice all the same.Located just outside the restaurant was a water vending machine (free to use), which was great to top up our water bottle before a day of exploring the city and the internet point, although the internet was not free to use.The location of the hotel was very close to Union Square – about a 10 minute walk along Sutter Street and from there a cable car can easily be caught to take you over the hill and down to Fisherman’s Wharf.The hotel also hosted a reception evening during our stay. We didn’t make it to this as it started at 17:30 and we were still out for the day. It appeared to be a chance for the guests and staff to get to know one another and share some experiences, along with a free glass of wine.Overall we booked our stay in this hotel to explore the heart of San Francisco and the Hotel Carlton did not disappoint in providing an excellent and comfortable retreat from which to do this.	
Sep 29 2009 	A great SF hotel	The Hotel Carlton was an exellent base for exploring SF. The staff were very friendly. efficient and knowledgable about the SF region and very willing to provide advice and organise transport for longer trips. The hotel was very well placed for walking to shops and restaurants. The room was comfortable and provided all that we needed for our week. We highly recommend this excellent hotel for anyone wanting a comfortable well appointed hotel within easy walks of many of SF's shopping opportunities!. Cindy and Hazel	
Sep 26 2009 	Clean - Friendly - Comfortable!	The best of all staffs! They ALL go out of their way to make your stay comfortable. Whatever you need - they will help you get it, choose it, or get there! Old hotel but CLEAN. Loved the free wine social every nite as it gave us a chance to socialize with others from all of the world and we loved doing that. Since I had just gotten out of the hospital and have many medical issues I was very happy that we were just 2 blks from a hospital. Very comfortable beds and pillows. We would definately stay there again when we return.	
Sep 23 2009 	Great Location Friendly Staff and Good Value	This hotel is based only about 8 minutes walk to Union Square and there are some good bars and restaurants around. We arrived late and the vallet parking was closed. But we could park our car directly outside the main entrance and all was taken care of next day. Our room was clean, big with very comfortable bed. Their staff was always smiling and pleasant. What I really like about this hotel is that if you want to have the sheets or towels changed every day, you just place a note in bathroom or on bed. This is very environment-oriented. We booked about three weeks in advance and received a special rate, which was also great.	
Sep 23 2009 	Shame about the thin walls 'cause everything else was perfect!	I liked the look and sound of everything else about the Carlton Hotel, so I chose to ignore the warnings about the thin walls, but unfortunately it is very true. It wasn't enough to ruin our great trip to one of our favourite cities, but it really would be a perfect hotel if they could just make those walls a bit thicker somehow!!We had a great room on the top floor with a nice little view over the city, the bed was comfortable, I love the recycling and other environmentally friendly touches, it's in a great spot, the staff are amazing, the elevator is cool, the decor and furniture are beautiful! What else could you want in a hotel!?! Answer: to not hear the discussions about what to wear from the group of girls in the room beside our like they were in our room! Damn shame, otherwise a really really great place to stay. Oh and the Yemeni restaurant downstairs is excellent. A little pricey, but worth the money. While you're in SF, you must check out the pirate disposal shop at 826 Valencia and the bizarre wonderful-ness that is Paxton Gate, next-door. Those two shops side-by-side... what a city!!!!	
Sep 22 2009 	Clean Friendly Comfortable and Great Value for Money!	Myself and a colleague spent 7 nights at the Hotel Carlton on Sutter and were pleasantly surprised. What struck us immediately was the friendliness of the staff. We were warmly greeted and given a map to help us around. The staff joked that no business trip should be too much work and that the hotel put on free glasses of wine every day in the lobby for half an hour. We thought this was a great idea, as most hotels try to fleece you, not give you stuff for free! We met a couple of friends through the evening drinks.It was great to hear that Wi-Fi was free too, as friends in other hotels were charged $15 a day. The rooms were comfy, without being too grand and the maids did an immaculate job of tidying my room (I'm messy!). They were also really friendly and I jumped out of my skin a couple of times, when a maid greeted me with &quot;good morning!&quot; from the other end of the corridor! We didn't eat in the restaurant, so I can't comment on the food. There was a lot of siren noise on the Saturday night, but every other night was fine. A couple of people commented that the walls were a bit too thin and they could hear some noise. I didn't experience this myself, but I know one couple found it noisy being next to the lifts. Some people have said that the location was dodgy, but we didn't find it a problem at all. We walked to the city centre everyday and thought it was a good location, as long as you have a good pair of walking legs on you (20 mins from hotel to financial district, albeit in San Fran and all its hills!).On the whole, it was a completely positive experience and value for money. I'd go back again any day.	
Sep 21 2009 	Laugh-a-minute Club Carlton	If you enjoy being fawned after, give Hotel Carlton a miss.No, starch is in short supply for guests ariving at 1075 Sutter Street. Informality rules here, and if that is your thing, well, you have backed a winner.It seems as if every staff member has enrolled and passed a college course on How To Be The Perfect Host.Warm welcomes will not get hotter than those we experienced at the Carlton, and helped make out first San Francisco vacation one that will keep us cosy for years to come.Front-desk staff led the way, for we were greeted like long-lost friends at check-in, and immediately became cognisant of the fact that joining &quot;Club Carlton&quot; was going to be a laugh-a-minute membership from first to last.Our room was exactly as we pictured it from those we had poured over in the weeks before our anniversary trip. No frills, true, but we had paid a no-frill price, and were more than happy that we had got our money's worth.Our first meal in San Francisco was in the Carlton's own Saha Restaurant, and turned out to be the best of our 10-night holiday to both that city and Las Vegas.Delicious food, splendidly served, with a Middle Eastern influence that got the taste buds salivating. Compliments to the chef!Many reviews of the hotel address the thinness of the walls separating the apartments, and, yes, the &quot;elephant in the room&quot; cannot be ignored.We went expecting it, and got it. But did it spoil our holiday? Not a jot. If noise is going to be an issue, there is a simple solution. Ear plugs. Enough said.I'm going to skim over the complimentary wine offerings, and other hotel &quot;goodies&quot; well documented elsewhere in reviews adjoining this. This is not a step-by-step guide on what the Carlton can offer you as a tourist, just my recognition that there are still hotels out there that reach the spots others can't reach.Joie de Vivre? Absolutement!	
Sep 21 2009 	Paper thin walls	Central location, great breakfast downstairs, but we felt as though we were sharing our room with a few strangers. The lady who stayed in the room next door the first night kept us up ALL night hacking. I went downstairs to change rooms and they seemingly had no open ones. Our next neighbor had issues with the toilet seat and proceeded to slam it up or down at all hours. Luckily we had an end room because I couldn't imagine the noise if we had people on both sides of us.	
Sep 20 2009 	Great Hotel and free wine!!	One of the nicest Hotels we've ever stayed in! The staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful, and the public areas very attractive. Our room was very well appointed and spotlessly clean (apart from the skirting boards, which my partner noticed - she's funny like that). Yes, you could hear a little 'street' noise from down below, but really what do you expect when you're in the middle of San Francisco?? Anyway, whenever I heard a siren start up, I simply drowned it out with a rendition of 'Indiana Wants Me', which fitted it very well.We especially enjoyed the complementary wine reception every evening, and took full advantage of it! Obviously it was important to us to sample all three wines (red, white and rose) each time.Location wasn't bad; 10-15mins walk to Union Square, and California Street cable car a couple of blocks away. For people staying a week I heartily recommend a seven day travel pass costing $24, you will get your money back and then some in no time at all. This is available from the convenience store just across the street from the Hotel.Breakfast was taken in the Saha Restaurant, and cost extra. Whilst not the cheapest place to have breakfast, OMIGOD!! The food was amazing! (in my opinion, anyway). But then I LIKE tofu and savoury food for breakfast. If you're just looking for a bagel probably best to go somewhere else. Can't comment on what dinner was like at the Saha, as we never made it, but I'm guessing it would be pretty good.We are absolutely IN LOVE with San Francisco, and this Hotel was a perfect place to stay in a perfect city.	
Sep 20 2009 	nice hotel very helpful staff	We stayed for 5 nights and weren't disappointed. Very nice hotel, helpful staff, French speaking for some of them. We had a nice and big room, with a walk-in closet. The only issue : it's not soundproof, you can hear your neighbours even if they are not especially loud.Wine tasting every evening, fireplace in the hall of the hotel.	
Sep 14 2009 	welcoming right from the start!	Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights on a 8 day trip to San Fran with a drive to LA. From the moment we stepped into the hotel we were welcomed by 2 members of staff who had a lovely manner and were so helpful and accommodating, suggesting what to do and booking any activities we required without fuss or bother. The room was adequate and clean with an in-room safe, hairdryer and wi-fi (free!). Ideally situated as said before and there are plenty of places to eat around the area. I would definately use the hotel again if I visited SF again. Definately book Alcatraz before going as was booked for days when we went and we used Tower Tours (absolutely fantastic and not something we would ever do normally) for a fantastic synopsis view of SF with a fab driver who knew so much.	
Sep 10 2009 	Reasonably priced quality hotel in a good location	We are a family of 4 from the UK (2 adults, 2 boys - 10 &amp; 12) and stayed at the Carlton in late August. All the good things you read about this hotel are true! I booked direct with the hotel and had a great email correspondence with the Reservation Manager about the right room for us. We settled on a corner room on the 3rd floor for all 4 of us. When we arrived, the Reception staff were genuinely friendly and helpful. The room was quite large enough and tastefully decorated. We had no noise problems from outside though we could hear the person next door occasionally. We did not eat at the hotel but preferred to eat at local cafe's. It is within easy walking distance of Union Square and we encountered no issues with homeless people, though there are a fair few people in this situation and they do beg.	
Sep 8 2009 	Budget Chic - but very loud!	I wanted to love this hotel – I would say I ended up more than liking it, but not quite loving it. As others have mentioned, the staff people are warm and professional and the rooms are clean and well-appointed in a sort of basic way. (Think new IKEA furniture.) My only real gripe is the noise. Based on other tripadvisor reviews, I knew it could be an issue, so I asked for a room away from the elevators, and the staff accommodated. Still, I woke up every two or three hours both nights, despite the fact that I am not a particularly light sleeper. Every time someone entered or left their room, the sound of the door closing woke me up. Even when I wore earplugs, I woke up from just the vibration! The building is old and I’m not sure what can be done about it, but it was definitely a bummer. I also woke up when the telephone in the next room rang! Again, I am a totally middle of the road sleeper – not heavy, not light. It’s just that the walls are thin, and the doors are really heavy. Light sleepers should definitely look elsewhere.That said, I wouldn’t count this hotel out for everyone. It has a fun and relaxed vibe, and you get a lot of bang for your buck. I paid right around $100/night, and feel like it was a good value. It’s missing a lot of amenities – plush towels, robes, room service, etc – but it doesn’t advertise itself as a luxury hotel. I’d recommend this hotel to folks who are watching their pennies, but for whom the hotel experience is an important part of their vacation. For light sleepers or those looking for luxury, I’d probably recommend other hotels in the Joie de Vivre chain – some advertise themselves as a bit higher end, and based on the service at the Hotel Carlton, I’d be confident that they’d deliver.	
Sep 1 2009 	Very good hotel worth returning to!	I stayed one night as a stopover from Australia to the mid-west. I booked a shuttle from the airport and had no trouble getting to the hotel, just as well really because it is in a part of San Francisco where parking is a premium.The room was great, a reasonable size, very comfortable, quiet and clean. Staff were fairly friendly but were a little too keen to get on to serve the next person.The evening free drinks by the fire in the lobby was great and a good way to meet people.All in all a good way to spend the first day and relax before travelling on. The hotel is well placed and I walked across to and down Lombard Street to the Fisherman's wharf area and back to the hotel. Took a couple of hours, which is what I need after the long flights.I didn't eat in the hotel and found that there was not a great choice nearby. The only really downside. The fact that was an &quot;Australian&quot; shop nearby where I could buy Aussie food (incl Vegemite) was a complete bonus.If you are active and don't mind walking it is a great place. If you don't like walking it is not that far from cable car stops.	
Sep 1 2009 	Great stay shame about the restaurant	We chose this hotel based on the reviews on Trip Advisor. This hotel is centrally located and perfect if you have a car, we were able to walk to chinatown, union square and the tram museum all within about 30mins of the hotel. We decided to put the car in the public carpark over the road as it was 8 dollars a day cheaper than the hotel parking. The car park was quite small though, we were lucky to get a space, if you mention you are staying at the hotel they will do you an in-out deal for your entire stay.The hotel was cheap and cheerful with very helpful staff. Rooms were good, bed was comfy and the bathroom was simple. The shower was ok but not powerful enough. We visited in surprisingly hot weather for San Fran and we would have liked air con in our room - the celing fan was not enough. There was a free wine reception at 5.30 everyday, we were busy on each occasion but I thought it was worth mentioning. Everything was great except for the restaurant which served breakfast, service was very very very slow, seat yourself, you have to ask for coffee refills and beware they add their own tip onto the bill, this varies depending on who your server is. Food was ok.	
Aug 31 2009 	Clean comfortable and fun...no reason to look elsewhere!	There was nothing that I didnt like about this hotel. Centrally located in a decent neighborhood. You can find better locations, but not for this money. It is an vintage building, and doesnt hide this. Doors and trim are nicely painted wood. Everything was spotless and inviting. Very charming.The staff was exceptional. Front desk went above and beyond to make us feel welcome. Very International clientel, and the desk staff seemed to have no problems accomodating several different languages. Bravo! We stayed for three days and then decided to return for our final night in SF.	
Aug 31 2009 	Great hotel and Location	Great hotel situated about six blocks from Union Square and trolley access. Very comfortable rooms with a homely feel about it. Would have no hesitation in returning to this hotel in the future. We had a great view city from the sixth floor.	
Aug 30 2009 	Fantastic hotel	Staff were extremely helpful and friendly. Room was lovely and had a sweet boutique feel. I would recommend this hotel to anybody.	
Aug 27 2009 	Excellent hotel	We stayed here for 2 nights initially and booked into a second (more expensive hotel) for another couple of nights after a trip out to Yosemite. We cancelled the second hotel and came back here instead. The rooms were such good value for money; clean, bright &amp; spacious. The staff were ever-so helpful and genuinely cheerful; the happy hour glass of wine was unexpected but helped make the stay that little bit more special. I picked the hotel because it was eco-friendly. I liked that they had taken the time to write down the history of the hotel and leave it in the room for guests (apparently a very strong building in earthquakes which is good to know!!). I will definitely stay here again when I return to San Francisco.	
Aug 25 2009 	An excellent experience.	The staff and facilities at the Hotel Carlton are &quot;the real deal.&quot; The hotel is a great value and is staffed by a great group of very helpful and cheery professionals. I found the dining room / restaurant was Grade A for breakfast. This hotel is an example of an excellent renovation that shows decorative style and taste as well as a &quot;green&quot; consciousness. I was also impressed by the centrally located filtered water dispenser that could be used to fill the glass pitcher I found in my room. How sensible.	
Aug 25 2009 	Felt right at home - UK reviewer	My partner and I took a 15 day trip to California/Nevada incorporating LA, San Fran and Vegas. The Hotel Carlton in San Francisco was our second stop.This was my first visit to the USA and so I had no previous experience to base this trip upon. I enjoyed LA but after 4 nights I felt ready to move on and we took the short internal flight up the coast to San Francisco - we were not disappointed!As soon as we arrived at the hotel we were greeted by the front desk as if we were old friends - &quot;We were wondering when you were going to show up&quot; was the greeting, but not delivered with any sarcasm or the over-friendly schmultz that I sometimes feel as a Brit when meeting American's who work in the service industry - it was just really nice and we felt at home straightaway.The decor of the whole hotel is really interesting. The walls are decorated with pictures and art works from across the globe and the lifts (decked out with a massive world map) were covered in post cards on all sides (I may send one myself from Nottingham and see if they stick it in the lift by the next time we visit). Our room was simply beautiful. It was not massive. The television was not huge. It was not palatial by any means... but then whose home is? And this is what the Hotel Carlton felt like - a home, which, when you are travelling to new places, is sometimes exactly what you want!Our bed was really comfortable and was remade everyday with a yellow and orange cover/pillow combo, which might sound a bit garish, but in actual fact made the room appear really stylishly fitted out and very trendy in contrast to the aqua coloured blinds and fittings. We had a safe in the room which you could program with your own code (a must if you don't want to carry your passport, iPod, traveller’s chqs, etc., everywhere with you). The bathroom was more than ample for our needs and was cleaned daily, with our towels being replaced as often as we left them in the bath for collection.We came to San Francisco to see the sites (ie: Fisherman's Wharf, Alcatraz, The Golden Gate Bridge, etc.) and so my partner and I have been baffled by the many silly people who seem to come on to tripadvisor to say &quot;the television was too small&quot; or &quot;I didn't like the kettle&quot;. Seriously guys, if kettles and televisions are what you get excited about then stay at home and save the money you would have spent on travelling to buy a top of the range TV, toaster, kettle, electric back-scratcher, etc.,etc. Having said the previous, the TV and kettle were both adequate. The kettle boiled water and the tv showed TV shows (what more do you want?!?!? - perhaps less adverts, but that’s an issue for US TV networks and not The Hotel Carlton!)We arrived at San Fran in Union Square and so this, by our first timer perceptions, always felt like the centre of San Fran. It took us between 20 and 30 minutes to do the walk from Union Square to the hotel (depending on luggage, amount of alcohol drank, etc.) and this was slightly further than I imagined we would be. The walk, as in many places in SF, is rather a hilly one, but as we are both physically fit and able we didn't mind this too much and it also meant that we were away from the majority of noise that SF has to offer. The only sounds I was able to hear in the night were the fog horn on the SF bay and the occasional cop car/fire truck (think there must be a depot somewhere nearby) but the noise was not so much as to become an annoyance and you'll get these sounds in any major city in any country.The daily wine receptions were one of the reasons that we chose this hotel and these did not disappoint. We always tried to get back to our hotel, or make sure we were just leaving, between 5.30pm and 6pm so that we could enjoy these. Neither of us drinks red so I am unable to comment on it but the white and rose was very, very nice indeed (with the rose being the slightly sweeter of the two). It was a lovely way to end the day by sitting in the foyer and having a glass of wine whilst flicking through one of the many interesting books they had, especially if you'd been on your feet a lot that day! Alternatively, it was a nice way to start the evening if you were going out for a meal. We also got chatting to a few other guests at this time and as people were mingling it just went to enhancing the friendly ambience of the place.Although a lot of the main attractions and restaurants are located a fair walk away from The Carlton there is an excellent but busy (probably due to its excellence) little pub next door called the Fly Bar (if memory serves) which has a great happy hour serving drinks and pizzas fairly inexpensively (check out the local ale “Anchor steam”) and this was useful when we wanted a cheap night away from the centre of SF.Internet access was available but required a payment after the first free 20 minutes but this was easily avoided by using separate debit/credit cards every time we wanted to log on - and as we only stayed 4 days this never became a problem and we only used the internet quickly to check up on essentials (onward reservations for rental cars, flights, etc.)All in all we really enjoyed our time in SF. The Hotel Carlton is a home away from home and we loved it. We would heartily recommend it to anyone who really wants to experience San Francisco and enjoy the spirit of this amazing city. The only slight downside is its distance from the Union Square area but we found that the short walk was what allowed us to take in the true atmosphere of the city and to really fall in love with it. At times I was seriously considering the implications of upping sticks from the UK and moving here - I felt so comfortable and knowing we had a place like The Carlton to stay at, I know, played a major part in this perception.Some tips about sightseeing in SF:*Find a decent map (ask at the front desk - the one they gave us was exactly what we needed)*Alcatraz - book online, in advance or take your chances with the queues*Take a good pair of trainers - you will be doing lots of walking (and the tram is always busy and not that cheap)*Use &quot;citysight-seeing&quot; for any bus tour made of SF. We used them for LA and really enjoyed it but chose a different firm for our tour of SF and regretted it.(I'm sorry to say I can't recall the name at present - I'll post if I can find the tickets or remember the name)) but whilst we waited for our tour bus for 45 minutes in the Fisherman's Wharf area city sight-seeing buses passed our growing crowd and the clientele looked comfortable. When our bus arrived it was late, overcrowded and some of us had to sit down stairs as we crossed the GG Bridge. (Rubbish service!)*When the Golden Gate Bridge is clear of fog ...GO! We spent the only clear day on Alcatraz and assumed the day after would be clear for the bridge... it was in the morning, but within 15 minutes thick, thick fog covered it even though it was a sunny day - still go on it even if it is foggy... still worth it!*Ask Carlton staff for restaurant tips - they know the area.*Visit the Starlight rooms for a great view of SF*Take a walk to Chinatown - don't stop at the gate...it only just begins there!*Clothes shopping around Union Square is great - I 'm a typical bloke who hates clothes shopping, but there are some real bargains to be found in SF so take advantage, especially if you are a UK citizen who is sick of being ripped off by the ludicrous prices we pay at home! (e.g. Levi's jeans $55 = £30. £75 in UK)Enjoy your trip to San Francisco! If you loved it, and the Hotel Carlton, half as much as we did, it won't be your last visit!	
Aug 25 2009 	Gem of a Hotel - Can't wait to go back!	After leaving LA behind and getting an internal flight up to San Francisco I was a little nervous as I had such a great stay in LA but once arriving in San Francisco not only did I fall in love with the place but I fell in love with the hotel Carlton! Its quirky, its cosy and quite frankly a rare Gem that you only find occasionaly if at all. The staff are fantastic, each and every one of them helped us at some point with advice on places to eat, places to see, transport to use - the management should be very pleased they have these guys on their staff as they are great.We loved the wine reception between 5.30 - 6.00pm every evening as it meant we could have a relaxing glass of wine in the comfy reception area after a long day out sight seeing. It also meant that you could meet and chat to people. We met a couple from New Zealand who were on a 3 month trip around the world and ended up having dinner with them which was lovely!Our room was great, very comfy bed and plenty of room for all our stuff, bathroom clean and thats what you need! I would reccomend the bar next door but one or maybe its next door thinking about it! Fly its called and its a great, happy hour until 7pm and the food is delicious and cheap! Especially when you have been walking about all day up and down hills you sometimes just don't want to venture into Union Sq so nip next door and sample this place you will not be disappointed although at weekends it gets very busy but I can see why!If you fancy a mexican try Colibri its just off Union Square and its just fabulous a bit on the pricey side but for a really good meal definately try it!Trip wise make sure you do Alcatraz and use the headphone sets as its really interesting, you won't appreciate walking around it yourself without them. (They are already included in the price). Golden Gate Bridge a must for obvious reasons! Pier 39 with all the great little food places, shops and of course the sea lions! Fishermans Wharf area is just fab and such a great atmosphere, I loved it down there. Likewise with Union Square and all the shopping its just fantastic! Lombard Street is the crooked Street that zig zags and its SO pretty! Coit Tower you can get fab views from up at the top but also go to the Starlight Rooms at the top of the Sir Francis Drake hotel and take in the marvellous views with a jazz band playing! We just grabbed a beer and took it on the dance floor to listen to the music and look at the views and the staff had no problem with that, you didn't need to reserve a table and I thought that was really good customer service.We were only in San Fran for 4 nights but I wish it was for longer, we will definately return and we will stay in the Hotel Carlton for sure!	
Aug 18 2009 	Lived up to tripadvisor's rave reviews	Chose this hotel based on tripadvisor reviews and was not disappointed. Stayed in SF for a week with husband and two kids (13 and 9). Booked early on the hotel website and was able to get rooms for under $100 per night. They gave us two connecting rooms, a queen and a double-double, exactly as I requested. Rooms were spacious and clean. Conveniently located only 1-2 blocks from bus, 3 blocks from cable car, and 10-minute walk to Union Square. Hotel restaurant has excellent coffee and delicious breakfasts (about $15 per person - keep this in mind when looking at room rates). We really enjoyed the friendly staff, Marc, Edgar and especially Gio, who printed our SWA boarding passes for us (&quot;A&quot; boarding group, yeah!) at the requested time so we didn't have to wait around for 2 hours. You guys rock!	
Aug 16 2009 	Absolutely Fantastic Stay	If you are looking for a good quality and good value place to stay in San Francisco, then you will not find a better place than the Carlton. First of all the staff at this hotel were extremely helpful and friendly and could not be faulted. The rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable. The location is about 5 -10 mins walk from union square so ideally situated for exploring the city.	
Aug 15 2009 	I LOVE THIS HOTEL!!!	We found this hotel out of complete desperation when the first hotel we rented from hotels.com was a deathtrap toxic waste dump.The Carleton was AMAZING! Super laid back, beautiful, eco-friendly! (YAY!) and excellent staff. I can't say enough about this place, what a WONDERFUL bunch of people and I recommend it to ANYONE heading to SF!!	
Aug 14 2009 	Great hotel friendly staff good price!	We found this hotel on the internet and chose it based on previous reviews. We weren't disappointed! The hotel is small and friendly and exceptionally clean. The staff gave us helpful advice and made our stay a treat.	
Aug 13 2009 	My New Go-To Hotel in San Francisco!	An amazing value, I'll definitely be back!The hotel is a very well-done surface renovation of a vintage hotel. Lobby and rooms very clean and stylishly and comfortably furnished. Very comfortable beds. The building's age is still evident, and hallways and rooms have exposed sprinkler pipes on the ceilings, but the level of maintenance is very high, and given the price I would certainly not complain. The service was very friendly and competent. Only complaint is that parking is a little expensive, and street parking is tricky.The neighborhood is a bit edgy in both a good and a bad sense, but felt very safe. There are some trendy shops and cafes nearby. Very central location in general. You would have to pay a lot more in order to have a better experience.	
Aug 13 2009 	Wine tasting in the evening cosy lobby not so good location	The hotel was very good quality, clean, with beautiful lobby and fireplace. The staff was friendly, joke alot, maybe a bit too much. There was free wine tasting at 17h, very nice to sit in the lobby and read magazines with a glass of wine. The room was very clean and comfortable. The view was to a not so clean roof. I guess the only negative about this hotel was the location. This was our first night in San Francisco and we didn't like the area so much. It is a bit far from the Union Square and the pedestrians look a bit poor and not so friendly.	
Aug 12 2009 	Great location lovely staff bring your earplugs!	I would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone staying in SF. We were here for a full week and it was great.Check in and out were grand and the staff were very helpful in arranging transport to the airport for us, giving us a map on arrival and suggesting what was good to do and where to avoid.The rooms had plenty space including a massive walk in closet that I'd happily have had transplanted home with me!! The bathroom was clean with nice toiletries, although you probably wouldn't have wanted to have had a bath-it looked a bit 'tired-the shower was fine though!My only complaint about the room was that you could hear EVERYTHING going on next door (the most obnoxious child ever the first night, enthusiastic lovers the next, a rowdy group of girls later in the week and sirens every night, since you ask). Once we'd been there a couple of days, we got used to it but, if you're a light sleeper bring ears plugs and don't let the noise out you off this lovely hotel!We didn't make it down for the complimentary drink reception at all (we were out exploring!) but we did eat at the restaurant. Go there-the food is awesome!! HOwever, be aware that they charge a compulsory 20% service which I really don't like. The food and service were so good that we'd have tipped anyway but I didn't like that they made you do it and it did put be off going back. The food is truly delicious though-Moroccan fusion. Heaven.We also tried a local Moroccan place just up the road-it looks like a little greasy spoon but the food is tremendous. I forget the name but it's on Sutter on the corner of either Larkin or Polk.I read reviews before we left from folk saying the area wasn't great. We found this to be the case at all-we were out and about late-ish and never felt bothered at all, including walking back from Japantown late on after dark and in the fog!Anyway, in a nutshell, the Carlton is an ace base! For the price we paid, we felt it was a pretty good deal and we'd be more than happy to stay again or to recommend the hotel.Tip-get a muni pass for the buses, cable cars etc but DON'T be afraid to walk!!	
Aug 11 2009 	Highly recommended	This is a wonderful hotel. Our west facing room on the 5th floor was comfortable, clean, and spacious. Not luxurious, but cozy. I particularly enjoyed the large window in the bathroom that caught the Pacific breeze and also gave a discreet view of the city while I showered. The location is good, and the staff, while completely professional, are super friendly and full of good advice and conversation. We had dinner @ the Persian themed hotel restaurant and it was excellent. We are coming to the city again in August and will definitely stay here.	
Aug 9 2009 	Good stay at the Hotel Carlton	Recently returned from a road trip of California, travelling down the Pacific Coast Highway. Our first stop was 4 nights in the Hotel Carlton and it was a good start to our vacation. The hotel is located in a good position, about 6 blocks from Union Square. There are a couple of bars close by but we didn't eat nearby so can't recommend any local restaurants. We ate breakfast in the hotel restaurant and it was nice but didn't have any evening meals there. They served a good selection of breakfast options, including some unusual choices but very tasty.The room was okay, a nice size for a city hotel with a walk in closet. We were on the front of the hotel and it could get a little noisy but it didn't bother us. If you are a very light sleeper then you might want to request a room at the back. Also, my brother said that the walls were paper thin and you could hear the next rooms conversation. We didn't experience the same problem but again it could get annoying if you're a light sleeper.We really enjoyed the wine reception in the evening from 5.30 to 6.00. We couldn't believe how many people were there each evening and I'm sure there were some free loaders who just turned up for the wine and then left. The hotel didn't ask to see a room key so anyone could walk in and have some free wine and leave with no questions asked. The staff were extremely friendly and ordered cabs for us and booked us some restaurant reservations. We had some lovely meals and one horrible experience at the House of Nanking (chinatown). I have posted a separate review of the restaurant but avoid like the plague!! Worst service ever experienced in 40 years.The weather was very disappointing but apparantely that's typical for July / August when the fog tends to be at it's worst. We've been in October previously and the weather was gorgeous. We only took a couple of long sleeved jumpers so they got a lot of wear over the 4 days!!Would recommend the Duck Tour, especially if you've got young children. It was great fun.We would certainly stay in the Carlton again and recommend to others.	
Aug 6 2009 	Nice hotel good location great team ...	Was at the Carlton Hotel for 7 days in July/August 2009 for vacation. I have choosen this hotel via the Internet based on the comments by other travellers, its location and rates. My first contact with the hotel was when I have called to query about air conditioning ... the staff member was friendly in explaining that not a lot of hotel have air conditioning because I was travelling during the coldest months and belive me ... it was on the fresh side in the city. Then when I had sumitted my reservation, I have questioned about shuttle from the airport. A few days before my arrival, I have receive a detailed e-mail with all the possibilities and as I also did my homework prior to my stay, the BART was the most affortable means of transportation and it was also included and recommanded if I could carry my luggage! When I have arrived at the hotel around midnight after a 6 hours flight, the staff was friendly and provided travel information for the city. The room was nice, clean and small ... exactly as per my expectation as my objective is only to rest in the room and all the free time I have, I spent it in the city and the suroundings. If you are on budget and looking for a hotel in a nice area ... a few street away for the crowd, don't hesitate and select the Carlton Hotel in Nob Hill !	
Aug 5 2009 	Only wish we could have stayed longer...	My fiancee &amp; I spent 6 nights at the Carlton and LOVED it. Theo and Giovanni at the front desk were well-informed,friendly,and helpful and...Fun! We had a deluxe king unit on the top floor;clean,no noise,comfy bed.Hotel was renovated in '04,still looks sharp.The rooms are not huge,it's an old fashioned hotel.Reminded me of our hotel in Nice.Location was fine too--just stay out of the tenderloin district.These folks really try to make you feel at home,and in our case,they succeeded.If we could have stayed a month,we would have...in a heartbeat. We didn't try Saha,though it looked clean and interesting..We did go around the corner to tiny Colombini Bistro ((835 Hyde St) several times,great Italian food,reasonable prices,excellent service,much romance.Also,next to the Carlton is Fly,a very nice little bar with good pub grub.	
Aug 5 2009 	nice place about what I expected	I booked here after reading other TripAdvisor reviews and was pretty happy with it. It's small and has a little TV, but I don't go on vacation to sit in the room. Does have free Internet. One time I did hear the folks next door quite loudly, but that was the only time in 3 nights. There were several black hairs around the drain of the shower when we first arrived. Good location for walking to a lot of stuff.The staff is very good. Both Johnny (?) and Adrian, especially, were very friendly and helpful.One thing I'll mention for overweight folks: no air conditioning. I'm not fat, but my father is. I spoke to him before we went &amp; mentioned I had booked this hotel. He got online to look it up and called me back to tell me in a firm tone that &quot;Hotel Carlton does NOT have air conditioning.&quot; And he's familar with San Francisco weather, knows that normal highs are in the 60s. He likes things cold, much colder than most people. Not sure if all fat people are the same, but I've met more than a few who are like him. So be warned if you like things ice cold. My wife and I were fine.They charge $30 for overnight parking, but they use the garage just down the street @ Sutter and Larkin, which you can use yourself for $20. Either is good for SF. I saw other hotels charging $50.	
Aug 4 2009 	Hotel Carlton-San Francisco Ca.	Loved this hotel, will stay there next time I am in SF. Staff was great. Loved the wine reception every night in the lobby with music. Nice clean spacious rooms, looked newly remodeled. Close to Union Square but in a nice quiet neighborhood. Lots of small bistros to eat nearby and restaurant in hotel was delicious. Very international clientele.	
Jul 27 2009 	I would stay there again but not during the winter months	I stayed at this hotel during a spell of cool, chilly, rainy weather -- cloudy with highs about 50 and overnight lows about 40 -- weather that is not atypical for San Francisco in the months of December through March. This is an older property, and the principal heat source consists old-fashioned radiators. The heat never came on regularly enough for long enough in my room to feel really comfortable. The hotel was able to supply a space heater for supplemental heat, but the staff indicated that the unit I received was the last one available. Generally I like the hotel and the location, and the Saha restaurant on-site is first-rate. But I would probably only choose to stay there again during the warmer weather months. I did mention this issue to the hotel management in a post-stay survey, and I expressed the view that I hoped they would eventually install a more modern heating system, acknowledging the difficulty of doing so in an older building. I was offered a discount on a subsequent stay because my stay was sub-optimal. The offer doesn't alter my opinion, though, about when I would be willing to stay again. I should also mention that I received a significant discount from the rack rate for my stay, which influences my view of the value for the money. I have no way of knowing whether the the fact that I was a discount customer affected my room assignment (possibly to a less well-heated part of the building?).	
Jul 25 2009 	my favorite	It is my second stay at the hotel and I appreciate it even better. We had a room on 9th floor which is the top floor of the hotel. The room are nice, comfortable and well equiped. There was a walk-in closet so every luggage was hidding. We feel just like we were at home in this room. It was noisy but it come from fire truck and there is nothing the hotel could do to prevent that. Check-in and check-out was easy and fast. We loved the wine reception every day in the lobby. We met nice people. It is a very nice touch. The lobby itself is very well decorate and comfortable too. The personnal working at the hotel are smilling and friendly. The location is not my favorite area but it is close to many places like Union Square, Nob Hill and Chinatown. All in all if ever I stay again in San Francisco, I will stay at Carlton Hotel for sure.	
Jul 23 2009 	Brilliant	Staff were really friendly and very helpful, area good, hotel clean and smart not the cheapest but worth it would stay here again if came to san fran again.	
Jul 22 2009 	The perfect place to stay in San Francisco	Jet-lagged, we took a shuttle to the Hotel Carlton, a little out of the way but within walking, bus or cable car distance of most places in San Francisco. A really fabulous old refurbished hotel with friendly staff, free wireless internet, comfortable rooms, even a complimentary wine reception in the lobby with live music each afternoon.Hotel Carlton is also eco-conscious. It has solar panels on the roof for generating energy and other eco friendly attributes. Our room was decorated with pizzaaz, very personal, not at all a cookie-cutter interior design. We also loved the walk-in closet with electronic safe.	
Jul 21 2009 	Looking forward to the next stay	It was partially through the reviews here I made the decision to stay at the Carlton. It was great advice. I was in town for an Animation conference for 4 nights. I'm a student, enjoy my night life, food and being able to get around on foot.Rode in from SFO on the BART. Easy walk up from Powell stop. Pass through colourful neighbourhood. Fine by day, could be dodgey at night if you're a wuss. Staff were super friendly and helpful. Absolutely great the entire time I was there. Free wine from 5:30-6:00 everyday was most excellent. Rooms were stylish &amp; clean. Nice view over the city. Hot water on demand. Location was pretty good. Bunch of good foodie spots to hit nearby ( Bang San Thai, Brenda's Soul Food, Katana-ya, Shalimar) and some decent bars on Polk. Bev-Mo (liquor superstore) 3 blocks away. Had breakfast at Saha one morning. Was pretty good. Acceptable prices.Overall, great place and ya, I'm looking forward to the next stay. Highly recommended.	
Jul 21 2009 	Love Love Loved It. This place has soul!	Just back from a two week road trip and out of the six hotel we stayed at, and probably out of all the places Ive ever stayed this place it up there with my favourites. First off, its very much a boutique hotel - nothing about the place says chain. It has a beautiful retro black and white awning and an awesome vintage sign outside. The lobby consists of gorgeous pieces of eclectic furniture that give the place character and make it very inviting. Next the guy friendly checking us in told us 'We are not a smoking hotel, but we are a drinking hotel and we have free wine tasting every afternoon at 5'. If I hadnt been in love with the place already, I certainly was now.The staff were really helpful and friendly and gave us a map of San Fran and highlighted how to get about and where we should and shouldnt go.Next we got in the lifts and found the inside covered with a giant map as well as postcards/photos/souvenirs provided by the owners/staff (I presume) from various places around the world. Made the whole hotel seem so friendly and as travel enthusiasts we really like this little touch.Our room was gorgeous, though not massive. It reminded me more of a guesthouse than a hotel, though I mean that as a compliment.Location wise we found it perfect. We found the area perfectly safe and its maybe a ten minute walk (downhill) to Union Square, or (nearly straight up hill) to Nob Hill. There are some killer bars very near by (I loved Golddust in Union Square!) and across the road does the nicest Ice cream Ive ever tasted.To top off the great location, interesting decor, nice staff and free wine it was also incredibly reasonably priced. If i was going back to San Fran again Id stay here in a heartbeat. Love Love LOVED it!The free wine and small rooms means its probably not great for families, but for couples who like somewhere a bit different I certainly recommend.	
Jul 18 2009 	Quaint Hotel Superb Customer Service	The Carlton Hotel is truly one of the most enjoyable experiences I have had in a long time. Every summer I make a major trip, providing me the opportunity to have many hotel experiences. By far, the customer service, the cleanliness &amp; comfort, the eclectic styling, and the great location make the Carlton the best lodging choice in San Francisco.ProsExcellent customer service at the hotel desk--willing to help you with any question you might have (great travel agents!), comfortable beds, bathrooms with a luxurious feel, availability of basic toiletries (shower has 3 dispensers for shampoo, conditioner and soap--no more tiny bottles), good-sized rooms for a boutique hotel, and a fabulous location--three major bus lines run practically next to the hotel, getting you most anywhere you would want to go; also, it's location was great, walking distant for many of the major sights. Have I mentioned the customer service? Every time we left or came back, we were personally greeted. They even asked us how we were finding the town and if they could help. I have never seen such attentive hotel staff. Our maid even left us a Happy 4th of July note in our room one day. How sweet is that! Additionally, the decor has this Asian eclectic Zen feel, making it so inviting, warm, and friendly; I felt like I was visiting a friend's home. It was such a welcoming place at the end of a long sight-seeing day.Things to be aware of: --no breakfast served (single serve coffee pots in room)--not too many restaurant choices right near the hotel (but if you are willing to walk, you will find something)--the walls are not industrially sound-proofed. You will hear some noise from your neighbors and can tell when doors are being opened/shut. So, if you are a princess and the pea kind of sleeper, I just wanted to give you the heads up.However, I cannot brag enough on this fabulous hotel establishment. It is comfortable, clean, and customer friendly. I would highly recommend it to any traveler going to San Francisco.--It is a pretty easy 30-minute walk to the wharf from the hotel, but WARNING it is an almost completely UPHILL walk on the way back--that is why I suggest bus #19 that runs on Polk, just a couple blocks from the hotel.--Same thing with Chinatown; relatively easy walk to it, but the walk back has many hills--again, take the bus.	
Jul 17 2009 	Not bad but mixed feelings!	This hotel was pretty good. It's very environmentally friendly, as you'll learn if you stay here. There's no AC but a ceiling fan. This hotel does as much as it can to reduce its carbon footprint. One big draw card is the wine afternoon, where all visitors are given a free glass and invited down for a social gathering. The staff are also very friendly and knowledgeable about the area. The hotel has a nice Middle Eastern restaurant and is close to many other eating areas and the shops are not too far away.Now for the negatives. The lifts are very cramped, unless you go in the disabled lift you will be shoulder to shoulder with other guests. It's also very noisy and there's a very seedy area near by (6th and 7th street) and it took quite a while to get to the bay area.	
Jul 13 2009	Amazing customer service. Quaint but not for everyone.	I had a great stay at the Hotel Carlton. This hotel is not for everyone. In fact I would say it is not the right fit for families. Generally the crowd is older and quiet or if younger then not the &quot;partying&quot; type. The neighborhood can be a bit sketchy, but you're fine if you know where to go in the surrounding neighborhood. The hotel staff was extremely helpful in every request we had (mostly directions, questions about attractions, etc.) Great visit I would stay there again!	
Jul 13 2009 	Friendly service good location comfortable rooms	We enjoyed everything about this hotel, from the friendly greeting we received upon check-in, to the comfortable room, to the nightly free wine reception. The hotel is rich with character and attracts a diverse clientele. It's within walking distance to everything (if you can handle the hills) but has a wide variety of cafes and bars in the immediate area. Must put in a plug for Theo, who made us feel immediately welcome upon check-in, provided live music for the wine receptions, and gave us several good restaurant tips. We will definitely be back to the Hotel Carlton on our next trip to San Francisco.	
Jul 12 2009 	Lovely hotel beware of sirens and street noise	I stayed here for a week with my significant other in June and we had a lovely time, despite having a room that let in all kinds of noise from the street. It was on the 8th floor and facing a side-street, but it sounded like there was a fire station right under us. The windows were also drafty and the wind whistled through them constantly. That being said, I would definitely recommend the Carlton; just ask for a room not facing the street. We should of course asked to switch but the hotel was really busy plus we thought our room was so pretty decorated in a pale green and yellow and with an eclectic style from several places around the world (loved the photos of buddhists and the silky-like Moroccan? bedspread). The rooms were average-sized and perfectly comfy for the two of us. The bathroom was also adequately-sized with a tub/shower combo and lots of shelf space (most hotels do not have enough shelf space esp. for women travelers).Highlights:-favorite highlight: keyboardist accompanied the wine reception 5 days a week! what a great and original touch, bravo, we loved it-the lovely lobby, there are always lingering guests here-the friendly staff; always a smile and helpful hand-the free wine reception in the evening-great value for your money-Zaha restaurant-free internetOn the downside:-the hotel is close to the Tenderloin; we were not bothered by this but if you are squeamish book somewhere else-the hotel is many blocks from Union sq, China Town, etc.; as we love to walk this was not a problem	
Jul 12 2009 	Better than the first time.	We came back and enjoyed it even more than when it opened. Service was exceptional and friendly and the place was packed. The daily wine tasting with live music was fun. Location is ideal if you like to walk. Visit the Fly next door for a snack and you won't be disappointed.	
Jul 9 2009 	WOW... What a bargin and great place to stay	I always stay here when I am visiting SF, which is about 2-3 times a year, and will always stay here. It is affordable, clean, and has a friendly staff. I amost don't want say too much because I might have to find a new place when this one becomes popular.	
Jul 8 2009 	Great value service and food!	The Hotel Carlton continues to give great service at an excellent price. We have stayed here twice now over the last few years, and plan on making it our base of operations everytime we visit SF. They even take dogs!	
Jul 8 2009 	A Keeper	The most memorable part of our one night stay was the staff--super-friendly and helpful, each and every one. The rooms are clean and comfortable. The public areas' comfortably literary/World vibe includes elevators you could spend an hour in just examining the walls. We usually just pick whatever hotel's available at reasonable rates for a weekend stay in the City, but I'm actually going to make it a point to return here.	
Jul 7 2009 	Great city place!	Great service! The map provided was very helpful. Being able to check our bags before and after our stay made it possible for us to use public transportation for our whole visit.The room was nice and clean. Housekeeping made the bed with an extra blanket when they realized that was our preference. The location is a short walk to the cable cars and bus line. There are streets that we avoided, but we didn't feel unsafe. We loved the filtered water and the staff printed our airline boarding passes for us.	
Jul 5 2009 	Fantastic service Fantastic staff Fantastic rooms.............Fantastic	How can anyone say that this is the worst hotel they have stayed in??? This was the cleanliest, friendliest hotel ever. The staff, especially the concierge and Gio the receptionist, as nothing was ever too much for them. The rooms were an eclectic mix of modern minimalistic style and New England beach hut (well thats what i felt!!) The rooms were so clean, not a bit of dirt anywhere, nothing out of place and nothing worn away. Yes the hotel was not on the Wharf but, lets get realistic, not all hotels in San Francisco are, the city is not just about the Wharf. It is ideally located a few blocks from the cable car route and me and my friend were actually quite pleased with this as it let us take a daily part in one of the defining moments of San Francisco, riding the cable car through the amazing streets. It is also close to the shops and bars/restaurants of Union Square. The Carlton Hotel is a hidden gem, just tucked away enough not to be too touristy but accessible enough to have the best of the city. Amazing stay, wouldnt stay anywhere else in the city.	
Jul 4 2009 	Friendly clean comfortable hotel	Spent two nights here in June 2009.We were met by a very friendly and helpful front desk, just what you need after an 11 hour flight. They pointed out places to eat, public transport and the one area of the city to avoid (the Tenderloin district).The room was spacious, very clean although we were woken by a trash cart at around 4 in the morning, collecting the trash and glass bottles.The hotel is in a pretty good location for downtown, about 15 - 20 minutes walk from Union Square. It is also only 10 minutes from Dotties True Blue Cafe, for the best ever breakfasts (make sure you get there about 10 minutes before it opens at 7.30, otherwise you'll have a lengthy wait for a table).We didn't eat in the restaurant as we felt it was a bit pricy, so cant comment on the food, but there are plenty of good ones in walking distance. One drawback, the hotel didn't have a bar, but again, there are plenty nearby.	
Jul 2 2009	whirlwind two weeksso much to see but a good taste.r	we went on a tour of the golden west coast california in 2007,using tour bus company. we visited ,started in san.fransisco,dont miss cable cars, china town,pier 39 fishermans wharfe..then down big sur, 17 mile drive ect ,soo much to see,carmel,santa barbara,ect , ect, to LA, remember film true lies,arnie in the pool with a horse ect,stayed there, cool. next day hollywood,....except for the hollywood bowl, 1/2 day at universal studios,and the walk of fame.. and chinese theater and going into oscars theater (backstage)it was ok.John Wayne had kids feet,.quick tour of stars mansions then off..then briefly, las vegas 3 nights...too much to mention but unmissable, grand canyon splash out and fly over it,must see,..yosemite park, (el capitino) 1/2 day, not enough time ect,california has drought conditions at the moment so you may not see water falls as advertised...all in all the motels and hotels were adequate, but never ask for a smokers room,,,or it may be 2nd class and smell. book boat trips before going if you want to see alcatraze,,worth it. (always fully booked).......extras things id miss out if i had chance to go again,,,boat trip under golden gate bridge,its same as boat to alcatraze,only a bit longer......hoover dam 1/2 day trip.....you can drive over it (you can drive above it now i think.). and the famous Hole in the wall, night time steak house,use slide into the bar,ect..minute steaks,(thin).crap group ,2 cowboy songs in the open air, but you cant get back in to top up your &quot;all you can drink&quot; jugs..and no encore, then you are escorted out, believe me, save your cash.they think they are doing you a favour partner, for $50.each or more,....but every one have differing tastes dont they..id try the more famous madonna hotel for a meal instead.a genuine different hotel.....weird but wonderful.....i would love to see california again in my time...but it would be slowed down to my speed and preferably in a motor home.........yipee hi ay, ........route 66 ect..gold rush ghost towns..palm springs...rodeos ...and a proper stay at the grand canyon colorado level..and yosmite park,,,,,go for it ......and remember ,if you are polite to the locals, they will be more than polite to you .even the beggers in Sutter st, san fransisco.......(where we stayed in hotel Carlton)..good luck	
Jul 1 2009 	What a great place to stay!	This is our second visit as we stayed in the hotel about 5 years ago. The Hotel Carlton is very well located near Union Square on Sutter near Hyde. The Union Square area, cable cars and the theatre district are a close walk. The hotel although quite old has been very well modernized and has walk in closets, safes etc. The two elevators although cosy are fun to ride. The best thing about the Hotel Carlton is the staff. They are all very friendly, courteous and knowledgeable respecting the city. It is just like speaking to a friend. They also multi task as Theo checked us in, provided tips on restaurants and driving in San Francisco and then played the keyboard to entertain us during the reception in the afternoon. The wine reception in the lobby between 5:30 and 6:00 pm was always a highlight with many of the guests in the hotel. All in all I would certainly recommend the Hotel Carlton to my friends and we will definitely stay there again when we travel back to San Francisco. The only negative is that a fire station is close by and if it is a busy night the sirens may be a distraction.	
Jul 1 2009	Hotel Carlton always makes me smile.	I've stayed at The Hotel Carlton 2 times now and both times I had an excellent experiece. Costen Hickman helped out a great deal with my reservations and Theo at the front desk greeted me with a warm smile and made me laugh. The staff always says hello and are all very friendly and helpful. Will always recommend this hotel to anyone visiting San Francisco!	
Jun 30 2009 	Great hotel despite the location	Our 2 nights' stay at Hotel Carlton in early June was excellent!  After getting off at Powell Street, we walked for close to 20 minutes before we reached the hotel. Even though it's located in the &quot;Lower Nob Hill&quot; region, and a couple blocks away from the shady &quot;Tenderloin&quot; area, we felt safe there. The warm greetings from the front desk when we first stepped into the hotel was nice. And the entire check-in process took only 3 minutes. The deluxe room on the 7th floor has great lighting, and the room is well laid out. Even though there's no air-conditioner in the room, the breeze from the opened window and the ceiling fan was more than enough. This hotel prides itself on being environmentally friendly. So instead of bottled water, they place a glass pitcher in the room and you to get filtered water from either 1st or 8th floor. What a good ideal! We booked our room directly on the joie de vivre website, and got a fantastic deal: $99 room/day including daily breakfast for two at their Zaha Restaurant. Let me just tell you, their french toast is out of this world!!!!!!! Lightly battered toasts with a caramelized, crispy outside and soft (not mushy) inside, topped with fresh blueberries and strawberries. Just writing about it me makes drool..... This was our first time staying at a JDV hotel, and what an experience that was! I highly recommend this hotel to anyone who's looking for a clean room, friendly service, great food and most of all, unbeatable deal! Thank you, Hotel Carlton, for a wonderful time.	
Jun 30 2009 	Friendly clean and comfortable.	An environmentally conscious hotel. The staff are efficient, helpful, and friendly. The room was clean and comfortable. Great value for location and service.	
Jun 26 2009 	exceptional front desk	pros: Front desk staff, especially bellhop, very attentive to guests. Went out of way to make sure I felt better when suffering from jetlag.Good location, able to catch trolley or MUNI bus easily within short walking distance.Very clean and stylishly decorated. Bed is comfortable enough.Cozy lobby, and delicious restaurant on site.cons: this is a &quot;green&quot; hotel. Be forewarned! The towels are scratchy. The toilet paper is thin and scratchy. You don't get the cool little bottles of shampoo and conditioner that most hotels provide in your room. There are NO extras.Also, a note about the shower curtain. There is no plastic liner, which means neither curtain repels water. You will end up with a flood on the bathroom floor when you get out if you don't put BOTH shower curtains inside the tub when you shower!The restaurant on site is not open very many hours of the day. In fact, it is closed Sun and Mon nites.And one final note, there is no continental breakfast. As a Southern girl, I'm used to those, and I was a little disappointed.	
Jun 24 2009 	Good hotel great location friendly helpful staff	I stayed 3 nights in this well located hotel. I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anyone that wants to be in close proximity to China Town and the shopping areas, without being too far from Fishermans Wharf.The room was spacious and well equipped (including free WiFi internet access) and the staff were friendly efficient and very helpful.Very good value for money!BTW Staying here you don't need a car - you can walk to anywhere that you might need. There is no where to park downtown, so a car is a problem. I had a car and took the hotel valet parking service and this worked very smoothly.	
Jun 23 2009 	Awesome hotel great service and value for money and completely worth the price	This is a really nice hotel and the staff and level of service raises it a few bars well. The staff was very friendly and helpful, as soon as we arrived we were given a map, informed of all the sightseeing locations, places to eat and told to avoid Tenderloin. We felt pretty safe as the hotel is located in Nob Hill; it is a cool neighborhood, there are a few gourmet coffee shops in the area and the hotel is not far from the city center which is a plus! Some reviews said that you could hear street noise from the hotel, we did not experience this at all. Our room was really quite and we slept very well. The staff keeps the rooms really clean and room service is good. Every afternoon at 6pm the hotel has a free wine service, it is great! because after a long day of running around San Fran you'll return to a nice glass of wine and listen to music played by one of the staff members. The wine hour is also a great place to meet other hotel guests. We went to the restaurant Saha for breakfast and it was tasty and filling. Free WI-FI is also a great plus. You'll definitely get your monies worth! Have fun!	
Jun 17 2009 	Fabulous stay -LOVED Hotel Staff	Had a great 4 night stay! The hotel staff (Marc, Theo, Lito etc.) were the BEST ever!!! The rooms were very clean, hotel in a good location good restaurants in the area (just ask the staff where to go - they are ALWAYS right!) Can't say enough about the wine reception!!! Can't wait to go back!	
Jun 10 2009 	Friendly staff - Excellent hotel	We stayed here 4 nights, and really enjoyed our stay. The front desk staff made us very welcome as soon as we arrived, and helped us to make the best of our short stay in S.F. Rooms were very comfortable and clean. I booked this hotel mainly for it's central location. It is a fairly short walk to Union Square and Chinatown (around 15 minutes) - but for attractions further afield, it would be necessary to utilise taxis, or the local bus service (which did not seem to be too plentiful). One of the areas we found most interesting and enjoyable was Fisherman's Wharf. My wife and I (both in our 60's) walked there and back - approx. 30 minutes each way - up and down very steep streets, on 3 occasions, and really enjoyed the walk. All in all a very enjoyable few days in a great city, at a great hotel.	
Jun 9 2009 	An excellent base for a trip to San Francisco	We stayed here for three nights in order to see San Francisco. We found it friendly and clean and a 'a bit different'. The wine receptions every early evening are an opportunity to share ideas and experiences with fellow guests - the wine was good too. Its position allowed us to walk to everywhere we wanted to go.	
Jun 7 2009 	Community-minded hotel with great restaurant	I loved the Carlton. My wife and I stayed there for two nights when we were in San Francisco to see some plays; the theater district is within walking distance. Two outstanding features were the outstanding restaurant, Saha, which is reason enough to go to the City, and the hotel's financial support of a neighboring facility that helps support kids. The place has a great feel to it.	
Jun 1 2009 	Amazing Experience! Quaint Cute Clean and Comfortable!	Located in San Francisco's Nob Hill neighborhood, Hotel Carlton is a wonderful place to stay for an affordable price.For $147 a night, I was expecting something way different, but was pleasantly surprised to find a quaint but modern hotel. The rooms are pretty, with tons of natural light and very, very clean. The front desk was always going above and beyond to make sure we were comfortable and happy. They were always happy to help us book taxis or find local attractions. Plus, they always say hi. They also arrange a complimentary wine reception which is a nice added touch.The only downside? The neighborhood is a little blah. Wouldn't recommend walking around alone. However, there's a few great bars around. One, called Fly, is right next door with great half-price pizza and drinks, and another, Blur, is a few blocks away. So much fun!Parking for $20 in and out across the street.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone.	
May 26 2009 	Hotel Carlton has become my home away from home when in San Francisco	A colleague recommended Hotel Carlton for my stay when I was traveling to SF for business and I was treated so well that it has now become my home away from home while on business. I have recommended colleagues to the hotel and have sent staff as well as I have recommended Hotel Carlton to friends going on holidays. Make sure to enjoy the wine reception in the lobby and take advantage of the location to access different areas of the city. From reservations, welcome by front staff, to cleaning staff you will be taken care of in a professional but also personalized way. I signed up for a Joy of Life club and recommend repeat clients do the same. It is also important to me knowing that Hotel Carlton is a Green business in SF as I would much rather support a business that is operating with environmental initiatives then not. ENJOY your stay at a great hotel in a great city.	
May 26 2009 	Great Value and Very Friendly Hotel	Spent first two nights and last night of trip at the Carlton. Late change of choice from the Chancellor driven by the collpase of Sterling and the incredibly competitve rates on offer at the Carlton. Great service even before I got there in offering me the discounted rate for a three night stay even thought my nights were not consecutive. Hotel is comfortable, excellent food at the Saha restaurant, and the staff, as many other reviewers have highlighted are simply first rate. Location is fine - no need to go into the Tenderloin unless you choose to do so and only a 10 minute walk downhill to Union Square. Service and value for money cannot be faulted. Evening wine reception is a nice way to relax before dinner after a full day. I would not hesitate to stay again.	
May 22 2009 	Completely adequate	The Carlton is okay. Decent room, comfortable, clean. Very affordable, which makes it a good choice, all things considered.	
May 20 2009 	Great Value 	This was one of many times I stayed at the Carlton Hotel. I've always stayed there as it was near where I was visiting. Except for the high cost of parking -- valet or public -- this is a quaint little hotel with super nice employees. The rooms are small, particularly the bathrooms, and it's quite noisy in this part of San Francisco, but we've always enjoyed staying there. The staff treats you like family and not just guests. They even know your name and are so accomodating. Would highly recommend it to travelers in that part of town.	
May 16 2009 	Excellent hotel - not to be missed	We stayed here on our return to SF after staying in a Travelodge for the beginning of our holiday. Booked on the recommendations of this site, and was not disappointed. The staff could not do more for us. We were given a late checkout, without being asked, until 14.30, so we could freshen up before our departure to SF International. We too sampled the wine and evening entertainment which was very relaxing after a hard day on the feet. The room was small compared with other rooms we stayed in in SF and Las Vegas, but standard compared with rooms in UK. Perfectly adequate for our stay and the safe, in the walk in closet, was a bonus. Rooms tastefully decorated and modern. Our bed was very comfortable. Area seemed run down but, as one reviewer has stated, there are homeless all over SF and, in fact, we didn't see any near the hotel although there looks to be a hostel nearby. Tip - buy a Muni pass. Excellent value which covers all the buses, BART and cable cars. We had our money's worth in the first day and, what could be more pleasant than catching the California cable car back to the hotel? Return stop only 2 blocks away and all downhill to the Carlton. The buses from Union Square go to the door and the buses to Union Square only one block away (downhill). We booked the limo service to the airport at the hotel desk. $45 compared with a taxi to the hotel of $40 (exc tips). So much nicer than the shuttle bus at £11 (with voucher per head) as it is direct and, as it turned out cheaper than the taxi, when we got stuck in traffic on the freeway! Ended the holiday in style. The BART $5.35 was not an option as we were carrying extra luggage for family.	
May 13 2009 	Great Value for Money Hotel	Positive points - rooms were a reasonable size with free wifi, very clean hotel, great friendly reception staff who had a great sense of humour, good price. Less positive points - if you have a connecting room then you will hear most things from next door (fine if next door is part of your party like us), bit more of a walk to Powell Street and Union Sq than I imagined but still within comfortable distance. They have a wine tasting event every evening from 5.30pm - 6pm and they like to refill your glass! Would we stay if in San Francisco again? - Definitely - great value for money.	
May 12 2009 	Ideal choice at a reasonable price	Have just returned from my first visit to San Francisco and stayed 3 nights at the Carlton Hotel. Value for money, this hotel is the best in the city by far. Located a few blocks from Union Square, it might not be in the heart of the city but its only a 10 minute walk away. The area is at best ok; could put off a few at first sight but we had no problems whatsoever even when walking late on at night. Public transport links are nearby as well as the infamous tram network which is only 2 blocks away.The hotel itself is ideal for the short stay traveller - the rooms are standard size, clean and tidy although sound insulation within isn't great. The staff are excellent and are more than happy to help out. Would recommend going to the daily wine reception held in the evening ; good to meet up with other visitors and the wine is pretty good too!For those visiting SF for the first time, Alcatraz and the city bus tour combo is a must and much cheaper to book over the internet rather than wait till you get here.All in all, this hotel is an ideal choice for a short stay visit.	
May 11 2009 	Great sight seeing Location clean and great Staff	Our stay was great! The hotel is in walking distance of many things, China town, Little Italy etc. They also provide you with a free tour guide for a day. The staff is very helpful and nice. We stayed on the top floor, so we only heard police sirens, it was not bad. Forget about staying at a hotel that is in a nice area, there are homeless people every where. This location made everything easy, dont be affraid to go to Tenderloin which is considered a very bad area, you will miss out on many great restaurants if you do, especially Dotties. The room only had a slight cat smell and there was a tear in the screen, but it was no big deal. I recommend this hotel for couples. I would not recommend it for people with small children. When we go back to San francisco we will stay there again. Oh, we did not like the restaurant inside the hotel Saha, but other people seemed to enjoy it.	
May 10 2009 	Wow what a great place!	We booked from Australia based on reviews on this site.I have to say, the staff at the front desk REALLY give this hotel the edge. They cannot do enough for you. They offer to call transfers, book tours, are full of great local knowledge and were just really really nice! (I've never said that as an opener for a review!!!)The location was quite good with nearby cafe's for breaky and restaurants for lunch/dinner - and it's only a 10 minute walk to the main area of town. There was a cable car stop not far away either. The area of the hotel - no complaints from us - Lenny Kravits (we think as we think we saw him getting coffee one morning) lives a few doors up and it seems like a nice area.House keeping did a really wonderful job keeping our room impeccably clean. The rooms were lovely and modern and biiig. We were weary travellers - this was our first jet-lag stop, and staff were understanding and attentive. We didn't eat in the restaurant but walked past it and it smelt GREAT. We were just too tired for dinner during our stay after several long flights to get there.We would stay here again and recommend it to anyone.	
May 10 2009 	We felt very comfortable in this excellent value for money hotel.	We chose this hotel because of excellent reviews. And we were certainly not disappointed. We found it to be all that the positive reviews said.We stayed there twice over a fortnight, each time for 3 nights. So we had two different rooms. Some of the reviewers said that there was noise from adjoining rooms. However, we found both rooms to be extremely quiet, even though the Hotel was full.When we were searching for a room in San Francisco we were shocked by the very high rates, made worse by our current poor exchange rate. The rates charged by the Hotel Carlton were so much cheaper than the other Hotels we considered.Both rooms were large, very clean and well equipped. I really liked the largish walk-in robe in each room where we were able to keep our cases out of the way. There are two lifts, both older looking but clean and functional.The location is reasonably central and within an easy walk to Union Square and the famous cable cars. Although I am far from being a fit 20 year old (!), I found the walk to China Town quite OK. The staff are just lovely. They went out of their way to be friendly, welcoming and helpful, and all of their recommendations proved to be excellent. They very successfully managed to combine a rather jovial approach with extreme professionalism. We would highly recommend this Hotel to anyone lucky enough to be going to San Francisco.Jessie &amp; Michael Goddard, Melbourne , Australia	
May 10 2009 	Great Staff Great Value	The staff at the Hotel Carlton were great! Very friendly and helpful, with a great sense of humor. They gave us great restaurant tips and advice on getting around the city. The &quot;happy hour&quot; of wine in the lobby is a nice way to relax after exploring the city. The room was on the small side, especially the bathroom, but nice. Our main complaint was street noise, so I advise buying some earplugs if you're a light sleeper - it bothered us the first night or two, but I think we were too exhausted from busy days to notice on other nights. The location worked out well for us. We walked to Union Square and even to Chinatown. A bus line that will take you to Fisherman's Wharf or North Beach is a couple blocks away (North Beach is a bit of a hike - we did it once). The buses are a low-cost way to get around. Good restaurants and an internet cafe were within easy walking distance, as well as drug stores.	
Apr 26 2009 	Good value and very clean.	This is our third stay at the Carlton. We are in our sixties and we walk everywhere from this location. There were no problems with the neighborhood even late at night.Cleanliness is our main priority when choosing a hotel and this hotel is clean. The front desk staff are unfailingly helpful, polite and very funny. They seem to like what they do.Yes, you can hear everything that is going on in the next room but since we were out most of the time and it was quiet by the time we wanted to sleep we did not find this problematic.I would recommend the Carlton to our friends. Thanks Tripadvisor.	
Apr 26 2009 	Fantastic hotel friendly staff 	We stayed at the Carlton Hotel for a week at the beginning of April. Decided to try a different area as this was our second trip to San Francisco - on the first holiday we stayed in Fisherman's Wharf.Hotel is well located with many good cafes and restaurants nearby. The rooms are decent sized and very clean. We were lucky enough to be given a room on the 8th floor with magnificent views over the city. As previous reviewers have said, the walls are thin, but we didn't find it too noisy.The wine reception from 5.30 pm to 6 pm each day was a great way to meet the other guests and staff, and created a friendly atmosphere in the hotel.We took a day trip to Yosemite National Park, which was a highlight of our holiday. It was a very long day (6.40 am to 10.40 pm) but well worth it.Local bus service is easy to use and we were able to visit Golden Gate Bridge, Golden Gate Park, Alamo Square, Grace Cathedral, Civic Centre etc for minimal cost.We would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel and we will certainly be back at some point in the future.	
Apr 23 2009 	A fun stay!	My boyfriend and I stayed at Hotel Carlton in late February this year. The staff were very friendly and fun, and we really enjoyed the complimentary drinks at 5pm every evening.The location was great for walking around San Francisco, and not too far from the station.The rooms were a little tired, and the blinds in our room did not close properly. We did experience some noise form other guests in the early hours of the morning, which I expect was from thin walls. It was not to the extent that I have read on other reviews though.It was great value and I would definitely stay again. I recommend it to young couples.	
Apr 22 2009 	Good attitude good servicegood price	We stayed fro 2 weeks on the upgraded rooms on the top floor. The first room we were offered backed onto the lift shafts, but this was quickly and efficiently changed. A greeter was arranged to help us find our way around who was friendly and knowledgeable.. The Tenderloin district is not an issue during the day. It would be great if it was 5 mins walk nearer Union Square but what you save in money pays for a lot of taxis downtown.We would definitely stay here again. The room even had a view and if you fill in the survey online they will offer you 25% reduction off your next stay. Room was fine and kept very clean. Thin walls not an issue on our floor. it was all very quiet. its not 5star but it is very good for what you pay.	
Apr 21 2009 	Didnt Sleep	Myself and my husband stayed here in Late March for our anniversary, I was abit worried prior to out visit regarding the reviews on here, so I emailed the manager requesting a upgrade to the 9th floor and a quiet room. Which was done at an extra cost of $40 per night, we stayed 4 nights.Yes the reception area is lovely and so are the staff. It is safe as long as you turn right out of the hotel, we never felt unsafe.Well the room......... Very very very thin walls. Was kept up at night could hear the next rooms phone conversations, using the toilet, and someone even sneezed we said bless you and they said thankyou back. (they are in a different room?!?) The main door in the room to the corridor was warped so at night it was glowing around the outside from the light from the corridor and you heard everyone walking and talking in the corridor.The Bathroom was tatty the Bath looked like it should of been replaced due to holes I guess, but it had been patched up not pleasent to look at and also was dusty on the Bathroom.To top off the thin walls our radiator was hissing and dripping (leaking) the hotels solution turn it off, so then are room was freezing.I disagree with other comment on here this is not a cheap Hotel. It cost us quite abit.If you dont need to sleep ( maybe you are one of the Cullens from Twilight) then stay here as it is a good location. But if you are human and need sleep like most of us dont stay here. The walls are far too thin and another thing it is very close to the fire station so you have that awful siren going off as well.Our visit to San Francisco would of been alot better if we werent so tired. I did complain to reception, they just said we know we have a problem with thin walls everyone complains about that and changing rooms wouldnt be any quieter as we where in the quietest room. We were offered a refund of 1/2 the upgrade room cost.IF YOU WANT TO SLEEP DONT STAY HERE.	
Apr 20 2009 	Excellent staff 	We were a family group of 5 between 72 &amp; 40 years old and we all enjoyed our stay at the hotel. It was our first visit to San Francisco and because there is so much to see and do whichever location you are in you will always be in the wrong place for something. Getting around Frisco from The Carlton was cheap &amp; made very easy with the help of the staff. We also took advantage of the hotels greeter service which is offered free when you stay for over 3 nights (I think).The open wine bar is very nice for socializing and getting tips from other travelers. The rooms were clean and comfortable and as other reviewers have suggested if you want to be pampered stay at the Ritz Carlton. But if you want good value accommodation with a friendly feel then The Carlton is for you. We only had breakfast at the hotel one day and it was very good.	
Apr 17 2009 	We didn't sleep	This is a beautiful hotel. It's really well designed, clean, bright, spacious modern rooms, fabulously helpful and friendly staff. Fairly priced. Amazing restaurant, the best meal we had on our week-long trip. ButThe walls are thin. The people in the next room were awake all night talking, just talking and this woke us up at 4am. They may as well have been in our room. The next night, same thing, different people, talking and watching TV, we couldn't even ask them to be quiet, they were not being unreasonably loud. The staff were great, they moved us to another room, in the morning. This room was worse. We would have gladly stayed on in the Carlton if there was a quiet floor but there wasn't. We ended up checking out at midnight with all of our luggage, into a cab which took us to another hotel. The staff couldn't have been more apologetic, and we even were refunded some of the costs. But if you value your sleep go somewhere else. It's a shame because every other aspect of the hotel is outstanding.	
Apr 15 2009 	Thanks for another wonderful stay!	This was my second trip to San Francisco and my second stay at Hotel Carlton. This stay was even more enjoyable than my last (if that's even possible). I stumbled across a wonderful promotion that they were having on their website in February and I couldn't pass up the opportunity to come back to to the most charming city in the world! I booked a deluxe room for $83/night. Hello?! Can you say, &quot;Awesome&quot;? The deluxe room was located on the top floor (9th) and had some sort of upgraded wall mechanism that made the room more quiet than the others (noise was a slight issue for me before). We also received a complimentary bottle of wine and had a LCD TV in our room. Seriously, for $83 per night, who in their right mind would complain about anything? No one! Again, the room was clean, comfortable and totally adorable. The staff was amazingly friendly and attentive. The location is fine if you realize that you aren't paying Ritz-Carlton prices and therefore cannot expect Beverly Hills or Upper East Side surroundings. Is it safe? Yes. Just mind your business and do your thing. Stay at Hotel Carlton if you want to save a buck or two, be treated with kindness and take in the awesomeness that is San Francisco! Have a wonderful time!	
Apr 15 2009 	Surprisingly excellent	We spent two nights here and wished we had more time. the decor in the lobby immediately lets you know that this is a carefully designed hotel: warm colors enhance the comfortable seating arrangements and amazing books are available for perusal on the coffee tables. the room we had was spacious and clean in desing as well as upkeep with superior quality of towels in the bathroom.Do not miss the restaurant with its delicious variety of food well prepared and gracefully served.You definitely get your money's worth at this hotel.	
Apr 15 2009 	Great Value	I enjoyed the Hotel Carlton. I did not need the bells and whistles, as I was in San Francisco for the first time and did not intend to spend much time in my room. Just some thoughts I have overall...Above all, it is CLEAN. The rooms have pitchers if you'd like to fill them with water which you can get downstairs by the restaurant. The rooms are on the smaller side (we had two beds), but really no different from any other city hotel (the ones in NYC are tiny!!). Beds were huge and very comfortable with a million pillows. The bathroom is clean, however it doesn't have much room to put your stuff on (and with two girls, you can bet we had a lot!). We had to put half the stuff in the bathroom, the other half on the desk in our room. Not a big deal but something to note. OH the elevators are a little scary. The hotel has 2, and one of them is the kind you have to open a door to get into it. I saw a woman standing there pushing the button repeatedly because she didn't realize the elevator was there until i mentioned it to her. Kinda weird. They have one restaurant on premise, Saha, an Arabic fusion restaurant. I normally try not to eat in hotel restaurants but one night we were feeling lazy and thought it would be interesting to try. Turned out to be one of the best meals we had! Highly recommend the ravioli, the sauce made it unbelievable.I never felt unsafe walking around and i scare easy, lol. I think the 'safe' area is making a right out of the hotel. That is where everything was (Union Square, Chinatown, etc) so that is my assumption. Just don't turn left when you leave the hotel! Haha. It was easy to get to the trolley from the hotel, it was maybe a little further than i would have liked but made sleeping very easy as it was very quiet in the area. A TIP: If you are planning to use the trolley at least a few times a day, I would suggest buying a MUNI passport, depending on how long you are in the area. They have several different options, we bought the 3 day pass for $18 in front of Ghiradelli Square but I'm sure you can get them at other places. ONE trolley ride costs $5, so even if you took it 4 times it would already pay for itself. It's also great because occasionally a trolley will get stuck on the tracks. When one gets stuck, none of them move. I'm not sure if your money was returned if you decide to get out and walk instead but because we had the passports this wasn't a problem. The MUNI is also good for buses so it's a bargain, since we used it to get to Golden Gate Park. The front desk was so helpful, when we needed to find out how to get to Golden Gate Park, he told us exactly where to take the bus, which bus number to take, and gave us a map so we could be doubly sure. Anything we asked for they made sure to help us out in any way they could.TRANSPORTATION: We took a cab from the airport to the hotel and it cost us almost $50! (wasn't expecting it to be that high) The hotel should have a link to a shuttle service from the airport, I think it was Lori's Shuttle(?), which cost about $15 a person! We did fly into SFO later (around midnight) so I don't think the shuttle would have been available anyway, but for anyone who will flying in at normal hours. I think this shuttle service also picks up for other hotels, not just the Carlton. If you are looking to be pampered this is not the hotel for you. But if you are looking for a clean, comfortable place to sleep that is not too far from Union Square/other areas, this is the hotel for you.	
Apr 10 2009 	Perfect place to stay if you want to see the city	I got such a great deal on this hotel I couldn't even believe it. $59 per night! I booked a double room and it was tiny but the bed was comfortable. The bathroom was very clean and they had a shampoo, conditioner and body wash dispenser. Take note if you are not used to soft water bring some hair products with you! Between the water and the humidity my hair was really frizzy. I thought the decor was very nice and cultured. The building is historic so if you are looking for 'brand new' book yourself at the Westin or some place like that. We walked all over the city during the day and took cabs at night. I would suggest taking a straight walking path down Sutter to downtown if that is where you are going. In this city if you go one street over depending on where you are there are many homeless people. We were not bothered by them but I did hear from people that they can be very agressive. They seem to flock towards the shopping/downtown district during the day time so pay attention. The hotel offers free table wine in the lobby at 5:30pm every day. We referred to it as &quot;wine-thirty&quot;. They will refill your glass as much as you want but be aware that they only do this for 30 min. and then take it away. At night taking cabs is ideal. The hotel will hail you a cab in 2 seconds. We paid about $10-$12 to go one way across town. Check out the Mission and North Beach areas at night. We had coffee in the morning at the restaurant that is connected to the hotel but we never ate dinner there. The coffee was very strong and very good. We used the computers in the lobby and although we had to pay to use them it was convenient to have them there because we used them to book a trip to the Muir Woods and Sonoma. The staff at the hotel was very nice and I had no problems - check out was a breeze. We were going to take the free hotel car to the train at Powell Street and something was wrong with the car so the hotel gave us $8 for a cab. That was super nice of them! ps. I do not agree with the other review that says seeing the photos of 3rd world people on the walls was stressful. If you think those photos were stressful how about the large amount of homeless people completely passed out on the street all over the city? Get a grip!	
Apr 9 2009 	Don't know why it's rated so highly	I was initially very pleased to see what a high rating Hotel Carlton (HC) got on tripadvisor--after all, the travelers are the experts. However, when we arrived, I was taken aback at how old the hotel felt, despite the updated global decor. As most everyone has already mentioned, the staff are great. We booked a Queen room and were given a higher floor, upon request for an upgrade; however were not offered a King room. I think what bothered me most about the hotel was the fact that there was art that was suggestive of folks who were struggling in the developing world. Don't get me wrong--both my partner and I work in non-profit and are all about working w/populations that are marginalized. However, when I'm on vacation, I'd like to feel like it's okay to splurge and take care of myself. I suppose that's a pretty disintegrated view of life, but I suppose it would have been nice to feel like the room was a place where I could really relax and enjoy. As others had mentioned already, there are some dodgey areas to walk through when trying to navigate around the city by foot--so just be aware of that. I also didn't like the fact that parking was a whopping $35/night at an open lot across the street, particularly in that area. I don't think I'd go back to Hotel Carlton.	
Apr 8 2009 	Great Service Thin Walls Not the Best Neighborhood	It wasn't the best introduction to San Francisco. The cab driver took us right through the middle of the Tenderloin District which is on the way to the hotel if you take a direct route off the freeway from the airport. The Tenderloin district is a &quot;pit of despair&quot; to quote our Frommers Guide Book. (We read about it after we got to the hotel.) The hotel is right on the edge of this district, and so we thought we had made a big mistake to book a hotel in such a bad neighborhood. (We didn't know anything about this when we booked.) To give the hotel credit, the rooms were a decent size and very clean. The walls, however, are very thin, and we had a situation in the middle of the night where the people next door kept us awake just by talking. The service is excellent. The hotel staff at the reception could not have been more helpful. As we had not paid a very high price for this hotel, we learned once again that you get what you pay for. I think in hindsight that we should have booked a more expensive hotel and done more research on the location of the hotel. I would not recommend this hotel to a friend only because of its location. If they were on a tight budget, I would tell them it is decent hotel for the money, but to be very careful where they walk. San Francisco downtown, by the way, is very typical of large American cities, which means you always want to know where your purse or wallet is, and to avoid eye contact with the many homeless and panhandlers.	
Apr 3 2009 	Very Good hotel	Great hotel in the heart of the city, short walk to to Union Square, Cable car to all major attractions and also Chinatown. Clean Spacious rooms, with good facilities and private baths. All in all great place to stay.	
Mar 26 2009 	Fabulous hotel great staff	Despite being on the edge of the Tenderloin (a 'dicey' area at times), I felt really safe traveling as a single female. It was in a great location for catching all modes of public transportation. Rooms were spotless, and the whole hotel has 'gone green' for the most part. I initially had a room that adjoined another, and found it to be really noisy - could hear the loud voices and TV of the people there. All I needed to do was request another room, and had one in moments, with the help of Marc at the front desk. Great local restaurants within walking distance, especially good finds for the 'budget-minded' traveler. The best feature of the hotel were the staff. Everyone, especially the evening staff - Marc, Theo and Edgar - were attentive, helpful, and really fun, as well as being highly professional and competent in their jobs. I would whole-heartedly recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to San Francisco. Just be warned about adjoining rooms - they can be noisy. Other rooms are quiet.	
Mar 25 2009 	The Best Stay of Our Multi-State Honeymoon	We absolutely loved the Hotel Carlton. Period. Stay there. If you're uneasy in cities, the location might give you pause, but if you aren't, this is an excellent choice. For the price, it simply can't be beat. (They also often have AAA member deals on certain days - I think our AAA room rate was $110 or something similarly ridiculously low.) Heck, we stayed at much more expensive hotels on this trip, and didn't like them nearly as much as Hotel Carlton. What's to Like:--Funny, friendly, and helpful staff--Beautiful boutique hotel decor--Clean room and bathroom--Free evening wine reception--Really excellent Middle Eastern restaurant downstairs--Price: Amazing value!What Not to Like:--Neighborhood is not unsafe, but it's not terrific.	
Mar 25 2009 	Excellent hotel for exploring the city.	This was our 2nd time at the Carlton and I can safely say I won't stay anywhere else in San Francisco. The rooms are clean, the staff is friendly and helpful and the location is perfect for the explorer. There's a market and tons of coffee shops, delis and other restaurants within a couple of blocks of the hotel. We're walkers so we walked just about everywhere - Fisherman's Wharf, Chinatown, The Ferry Building - and took the Muni to places like Haight Ashbury, the Castro and The Mission District. It's worth buying a 3 day pass though if you're planning on using cable cars/buses/trolleys. The hotel has a wine reception every evening approx. 5:30 which is a great way to meet other travellers and find out what's going on that you might be missing.	
Mar 21 2009 	Good value 	The boutique hotel was very good value for those who are looking for a decent location (only a few blocks away from main Union Square shopping district). The hotel staff were great and very helpful when it came to assisting us at all times - very funny too which always adds to the enjoyment of the trip! The rooms were clean and comfortable. The only negative was the room could be sometimes a little noisy but given the good value of the hotel, it is still overall a place that I would recommend!	
Mar 17 2009 	Brilliant Hotel	Had a fantastic time in this hotel - staff lovely, hotel rooms, quirky and bright and breezy, so great. Central location and therefore close to everything, ie. trams, trains, taxis' etc. Although walking around was easy too.Lovely little reception area in the hotel was an ideal meeting place, and lots of people did this and it was lively and fun-filled. Wished we could have stayed much longer...One point of concern, when asking about the price of breakfast, they only give the 'minimal' amount and then you get loaded with local taxes, tips, etc, etc...and it makes it so much MORE EXPENSIVE. So beware and remember to ask for the final price....	
Mar 15 2009 	An affordable hotel- with priceless service!	On a recent trip to SF, my friends and I booked at Hotel Carlton for a fun weekend in the city. We walked into the hotel with little to no expectations, as it was just another hotel room to sleep in for the weekend. I was blown away by the genuine and attentive front desk staff! They addressed us by name, inquired about our stay (both about the hotel itself and our daily tourist activities). Any and all requests (ice buckets, additional glassware, etc.) were met with swiftness and a smile. The nightly wine-hour was the liveliest I've seen at a hotel- ever! It was great to see all of the guests interacting with each other, and with hotel staff. What a treat! I cannot say enough good things about the hotel. Since I've been home, I've told everyone I know that Hotel Carlton is the BEST place to stay while in SF. An affordable spot, with priceless service.To the staff at Hotel Carlton- Thank you!	
Mar 14 2009 	Friendly clean and economical	Our second stay at this property now under new management, quite enjoyable. All the staff friendly and attentive upon our arrival. I reserved two rooms through orbitz.com for 5 nites on the 4th floor Nos. 404 and 408. Rooms were ready and clean and aptly decorated and bedding on par for 3 -3.5 Stars. Most of the positive reviews are correct. We had no problems at all with noise, thin walls or heating....extra blankets are available. Odors ...maybe but to food from restaurant below.Yes the lobby is nice at 5.30...when wine service begins.Absolutely would return again and fully recommend to travellers looking for hotels in the 3-4 star range	
Mar 11 2009 	Excellent value	Lovely hotel, good location, great vaule.... no complaints.Rooms are good size, well equipped and comfortable. We didnt find it cold or noisy at all.The staff were good fun and all very pleasent. They will provide you with a small map of San Francisco when checking in and mark all the hot spots and places to aviod.There is a free wine reception every evening (altho we only made it once).If you are panning on going to San Francisco to sit in a Hotel room for hours then you may want to look at a 5 star hotel to stay in but with so much to do there we found this hotel to fantastic value for money and very comfortable. We didnt eat at the restaurant but it did look and smell very good. Also didnt use the car park as your really dont need a car in San Francisco.	
Mar 5 2009 	A hit and a miss	This hotel is great for budget conscious travelers. The rooms are clean, and the price is unbeatable. However, the rooms are also noisy, and ours had an unpleasant odour. The heat is centrally controlled, and doesn't come on until 9:30pm - so it was uncomfortably cold in mid-February. Space heaters are available, and will heat the room well enough. The staff members are great, the parking is expensive, the location is okay, the towels suck. I don't know why this hotel is rated so high. It is only a good choice for budget conscious people.	
Mar 3 2009 	If you are looking for a smart cosy hotel - this is it!	The Carlton is a brilliant place to stay, home from home at a bargain price and in a great location. We spent 8 nights there in early February (selected as a result of all the rave reviews on TripAdvisor), and were more than delighted. Our room (4th floor) was light, bright and large with smart bathroom and walk in wardrobe. The bed was the most comfortable I've ever experienced in a hotel. Other reviewers talk of thin walls but we didn't notice any of that at all in our room. The lounge area is so welcoming, with open fire, big comfy sofas and the nightly wine tasting. The Asian decor, colours and furnishings are lovely and well thought out. The staff were very helpful (Theo in particular). Just be careful of the opening times of the attached restaurant (Saha); it was fully booked on the 2 evenings we tried to eat there, so is obviously popular. The next door restaurant (Brick) was great value, good food, cosy atmosphere, so give that a visit. No problems at all with the location or area - although we were pretty shocked at the overall number of homeless in the city. We ate breakfast in the Golden Coffee or Chan's Coffee House up the road - very cheap but absolutely fine.	
Mar 1 2009 	Good Place to Stay Will Come Back	I stayed at Hotel Carlton for four days during my recent visit to San Francisco. I am very pleased with the hotel. The best description for the room was &quot;no frills.&quot; It was very clean and had a good view of Sutter Street. The location of the hotel is great. There are 3 bus lines that pass by the hotel. I was able to go to Downtown, Union Square, Chinatown, Japantown and Market Street by bus.The daily complementary wine service was great. But make sure you get there before 6 PM. The hotel closed down shop on the complementary wine at 6:01 PM.The walls are thin; I was able to hear my neighbors' conversations and knew when they were getting a phone call, because I could also hear the phone ring. This was a bit annoying.Over all, Hotel Carlton is a good place to stay and it is a good value.	
Feb 26 2009 	Fantastic start to our time in this amazing city!	Myself and a friend stayed at The Carlton for 2 nights in mid- december 08, and after a long flight from London, we were of course very tired. We found the hotel after a walk from Powell St BART station, if you have luggage, i suggest a taxi, but otherwise, its quite a pleasant walk, and considering you are in SF, its not too steep! The hotel staff were more than welcoming and provided us with a free map of the city and offered an array of excursions and the like. The location of the hotel is superb, just a 15min walk to Union Square, and not once did we feel unsafe in the area. The standard of the rooms was also superb, cleaned everyday and decent views of the city. Only negative was the lack of a minibar (which seemed to be something we never experienced during our visit to the states). I'd reccommend this to anyone i know, and on my next trip to San Fran, shall definatlely be booking a stay at The Carlton!	
Feb 25 2009 	Amazing!	Very nice staff and interesting decorations. This is ideal hotel for round the world traveller and amazing value for money!	
Feb 23 2009 	Favourite hotel in North America an incredible place to stay!	After debating between several districts in San Francisco in which to stay, we chose the Carlton Hotel initially due to it's location and popular reviews. We weren't sure whether it would be more ideal to stay nearer Fisherman's Wharf, or maybe in the SOMA district. We were thrilled with our choice of the Carlton located in Lower Nob Hill. It was perfect walking distance to all attractions that San Francisco is known for, and we felt like we were right in the heart of the city, and a beautiful district too! The front desk team were attentive, approachable, friendly and professional. They went above and beyond what was necessary to make our stay a great one, and exceeded our expectations. J.P., Adrian and Theo are fantastic assets to the Carlton, as was everyone else who I didn't get the names of. We were truly impressed with the service, which far surpassed many of the other hotels I've stayed at. Our upgraded deluxe room was newly renovated, impeccably clean, and even the shower had a great view of the city through its large window. It was quite in the evenings, which surprised us given it's right downtown. There was a brand new LCD flatscreen TV, a large walk-in closet, with classy and comfortable furniture. Even the hallways throughout the hotel were eclectically decorated and eye-capturing, unlike many other hotels which can be vanilla, this one was definitely more raspberry truffle! We were encouraged to take advantage of the complimentary wine reception in the foyer during the evenings, which were well attended and enjoyable. There was a red, white and white zinfandel to choose from, and we were being topped up throughout the reception by the server who was attentive and kind. The live music, comfortable ambience, fireplace roaring between the oversize sofas, started each evening off to a great start!We were pleased with how 'green' the hotel was, along with a recycling receptacle in our room, there was definitely care taken to ensure a smaller carbon footprint without sacrificing any charm. It was interesting to discover that this hotel employs solar panels to capitalize on sunny California's natural energy source...bonus!The tenderloin district was somewhat nearby, which the front desk staff advised us to avoid in the evenings and clearly showed us on a map where it was located. We always felt safe while walking after dark, no complaints there, but it would have been nice to explore all 360 degrees of the city surrounding the hotel rather than having to avoid one nearby area. Room service wasn't available, but I hope it will be added on in the future, because the Saha restaurant looks fantastic!	
Feb 19 2009 	Decent Hotel for the Money	I stayed at the Hotel Carlton in early February of 2009 with my boyfriend. Overall it was a decent hotel for the price. We found a rate on the hotel's website for $80 a night - which in San Francisco is a great deal! We arrived on Thursday night at 9pm. We asked the concierge for a place to go grab a late dinner and for some reason he was very adamant about us ordering in chinese and staying in and couldn't suggest any places for us to grab food, but we really wanted to get out and see some of San Francisco's night life so luckily my boyfriend had his i-phone which gave us tons of places to grab a late dinner. We actually had the same problem our last night at the hotel also - we asked the concierge for some dinner suggestions and the first place he named was the same chinese restaurant and the second was the restaurant in the hotel. I'm sure the restaurant is good but we were more excited to get out and explore the city and have dinner somewhere we could walk around before or after. I read a few reviews on here mentioning that the hotel them not to walk in certain neighborhoods, we must have looked tough because we never were told not to walk to anywhere and mostly walked everywhere we were going except for one day when it was raining the entire day. Also, I read reviews that there was a wine happy hour every afternoon, I'm not sure whether they did do that the weekend we were staying at the hotel or not since we never heard about it or it was always while we were out. The room was extremely clean, which is always of high importance. There were however 3 downfalls with the room - 1) there was a heater in the room that we did not have controls for so our room was burning up (easy problem to fix - we just opened the window); 2) we had a conjoined room and everytime the people in the next room would talk it sounded like they were in our room (which was only annoying for the fact that they woke up at 6:30 in the morning every day and we were not planning on waking up until 8) and 3) there was no exhaust in the bathroom so after someone would take a shower the mirror was fogged up so i had to put my make-up and do my hair in the bedroom at the desk. If you're coming to San Francisco to go and sightsee and not spend much time in the room this place is perfect with its great location and clean facilities.	
Feb 18 2009 	My 1st Pick when I stay in the city	Love the location, near a great New York bar Aces, a very nice restaurant &quot;Brick&quot;, Saha is quite fabulous food also, and the BevMo down the street doesn't hurt either.Lived in SF for a while, and used to pick hotels in the neighbourhood that I lived in..But now whenever I visit, it is the hotel carlton that gets my business..Friendliest staff, nice size rooms, anything you might need is easily accessible.	
Feb 17 2009	San Francisco's greatest hotel...The Carlton	My family and I stayed four days at the fabulous Hotel Carlton and found everything perfect. We were greeted in the street even before we could get out of the vehicle. And, that warm atmosphere was prevelent in every member of this very professional and conscientious staff. Even the maintenance man and the maids were like family. We may change or airlines, or our taxi service or our cell phone provider...but we will never change our San Francisco hotel.	
Feb 17 2009 	Great hotel	This was our 3rd time in the hotel and again, it was great. We were on the 8th floor and were lucky not to have noisy neighbours. We didn't take advantage of wine tasting since we're not wine drinkers but seems that people were having fun every evening. There's a great breakfast/lunch shop down the street, Han's breakfast shop and across from it Cup a Joe with great coffee. We will definitely stay at Carloton again on our next trip to SF.	
Feb 15 2009 	Nice Hotel yet wierd quirks...	My wife and I stayed the night on Valentines day. Upon arrival we were greeted by a very helpful and kind staff. We parked valet for the night at 30 dollars/night. Which is basically the standard for SF&gt; I requested a quite room as my wife and I are both light sleepers. We were given a room that was somewhat isolated from the other rooms on the ninth floor which is the highest floor in the building. So we thought it was great and quite. Wrong. We were placed right behind the elevator shafts (Room 920)were we could here the elevator motors running all night. I requested to switch rooms which was not possible because of the hotel being booked for the night. Also, another complaint is that the hotel heating and AC is centrally controlled and it is not possible for you to adjust the room climate. Being that we had a cold storm rolling through for the night, we were pretty cold. They did provide a space heater to alleviate this.Lastly, there was quite a bit of street noise outside that woke us up at night, yet this is to be expected in a large city. Overall the staff was great and did comp the room for us. Which I would rather just had a quite and peaceful room for the night. This hotel is considered a green hotel.	
Feb 11 2009 	In general a nice place	Mostly good experiences but a few glitches in service. Okay, nice things first...The hotel staff were all very helpful, especially the reception staff. They were really friendly and made us felt welcomed in the hotel. Thumbs up!The room was of a decent size and the bed is comfortable. To our delight, there is a walk-in closet within the room that allows us to hang our clothes and store our luggages. Wonderful to be able to just close the door and not see the mess of shopping bags :PThe location of the hotel is about a 15-min walk to Union Square, and should be a relatively easy walk for most. The problem, however, is the walk back to the hotel from Union Square, which can be a bit of a pain for some people after a long day of walking around in the city. This is especially so since the route back to the hotel from Union Square is on a slight uphill slope. Not a major issue for most, but for those who have mobility issues, you may want to think about it or take a cab back.As for safety, the hotel staff do tell you which route to avoid when you first check-in. We followed the instructions, and never felt unsafe about staying here. Yes, we encountered a few homeless people on our way back to the hotel a few times, but they never bothered us and were generally quite polite. In any case, you would see the homeless in other parts of the city as well. The hotel has a green policy, which is great! However, because we were so excited about going around the city, we forgot to inform the housekeeping staff to change our towels or bedsheets (after a few days of using the same old ones). We were to blame! They really won't change them unless you told them to. So, if you are fussy about the cleanliness of your bedsheets and towels, make it a point to remember! The not-so-nice things...We reached the hotel late in the morning but was unable to check into the room because they said the room was not ready. They then offered us a place to leave our luggage. When we went back to the hotel at 3 pm, they said the room was still not ready and asked us to wait for a while. We had to wait for nearly half an hour in the lobby before we could check in. After a 20-hour flight, we were tired and this long wait was annoying us more than usual. The funny thing was, we were not checked into the room that they said we were supposed to get. Apparently, during the period of our stay, the room we were supposed to be staying in needs to undergo certain renovation work. Luckily, the reception staff caught the problem in time and change our room before we went up - otherwise we would have to change our room during our stay. What I don't understand was why they had to make us wait in the lobby for so long instead of allocating another room to us since they have extra rooms? Then again, they checked us into a higher level room, which was probably why we didn't experience the same problem with noise as the other travellers did.	
Feb 10 2009 	Can't wait to go back !!	After reading the reviews on 'tripadvisor' my friend and I stayed for 3 nights at the Hotel Carlton in Sutter Street. If was fantastic. From the moment we arrived until we left the staff were great. It seemed they genuinely wanted us to have a good time in San Francisco and went out of their way to help.An added bonus was the free wine and music get together at 5.30pm. This helped us meet other guests and share experiences.Also, the hotel was very clean and the rooms were a good size and well decorated.If I had to be critical I would say the only bad point about the hotel was the sound-proofing. We had a room with an adjoining door and it felt like the person in the next room was in our room. We could hear every sound and movement he made.However, as we were out sightseeing most of the time and as we are not early bedders it was not too much of an inconvenience.Overall, we had a very positive experience and I personally cannot wait to go back !!	
Feb 10 2009 	Excellent choice	We are a family of four, and we stayed at this hotel for five days on a stopover to Europe. This hotel is very clean and has excellent staff that will look after your every request. They were particularly helpful when we arrived early, by storing our bags and providing us with a detailed map of where all of the attractions were. You could ask the front desk just about anything, regarding restaurants etc. , and they would go out of their way to help. At around 5 each night they have free drinks and live music in the foyer of the hotel, which is a great way to start the evening. The housekeepers kept our rooms immacute, which was a pleasure to come back to after a day in the city. If you want really good breakfast and brunch, make sure you ask to the hotel staff to direct you Dotti's.You won't be disappointed in this hotel.	
Feb 8 2009 	God hotel 	I stayed at the Carlton for 8 days in January. It had been recommended by a friend who had stayed there before and i was not disapointed. Booked via Expedia and got a good rate (80 bucks). When i arrived, the room was not ready, but they took care of my luggage and when i got back later on , had a good room on the 5th floor with a confortable king size bed waiting for me. The room was clean, good size and the complementary wireless worked fine while i was there.The staff were amazing , one felt always very welcomed , and they gave me some good tips for restaurants in the area , specially one with seafood 6 blocks away , where i had my best meal in SF. The complementary wine in the hall was a nice touch , people got to know each other , and there was live music too. Lots of magazines, books and newspapers to read in the hall, and a very cosy fireplace with confortable couchs around it.Location is good , took me about 15 minutes to walk to Union Square ( about 7 blocks) , there were a couple of homeless in the area in the evenings , but no one bothered me. The hotel has an highly rated restaurant, but i did not eat there. Valet parking was ok , but somehow expensive , even for SF standards. Some people have complained here about noise , but i must confess that it did not bothered me at all.I will certainly come back to the Carlton next time i am in town.	
Feb 7 2009 	Excellent location but very noisy	We stayed here for 4 nights at the end of December 08. The room was small but comfortable, and we had a king-size bed. We got a really good rate on expedia.com. The Hotel Carlton is located a 10-minute walk from Union Square and we felt the area was safe (the hotel staff did tell us not to &quot;turn left&quot; in order to avoid the Tenderloin district). A lot of reviews on this site comment on the thin walls and I agree entirely. We heard every noise our neighbors made (including one person throwing up in the middle of the night).I give the hotel 5* for location but 1* for noise. I wouldn't stay there again because the noise bothered me. However, if you are a sound sleeper or don't mind being woken up, this is a great hotel.	
Feb 5 2009 	Excellent value and a great home base for exploring San Fran	I selected the Hotel Carlton for my husband and my 4-night stay in San Francisco because of its very reasonable rates, good location, and excellent TripAdvisor reviews. It is actually rated significantly better than many much more expensive hotels in the area. Well, as is most often the case, TripAdvisor came through for us yet again! We really enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Carlton, from the personal service to the ethnic decor to the convenient location; the fact that the hotel is &quot;green&quot; was another plus. The breakfast package, which includes a full breakfast at the in-house restaurant (Saha), is a great deal (definitely recommended). The waitress who served us each day was incredibly caring and sweet, and the food was plentiful and very tasty (good coffee also). We got a late start on our first morning and found that the restaurant was closing down early due to a lack of customers (most of the hotel guests ate early so as to get a jump start on sightseeing), but the waitress still managed to get together bowls of yogurt, granola, and fresh fruit for us (delicious and a perfect healthy start to the day), even though the kitchen was closed. The staff at the Hotel Carlton really go out of their way to treat their guests like family and ensure a great San Francisco experience. They tell you which areas of the city to avoid and can set you up with a variety of sightseeing packages if you don't already have your own plans. There is also a wine reception each night that encourages guests to mingle in the lovely lobby/living room area, which is complete with a charming fireplace. It was a little difficult to determine the timing of the wine service (seemed to differ a bit each day), and we had a pretty packed schedule, so we didn't get to actually partake during our stay, but it seemed like people were really enjoying themselves. The Hotel Carlton definitely attracts a more international crowd, with lots of Europeans. We really enjoyed the whole &quot;world&quot; vibe of the place. We were also very pleased with the room itself---the bed was very comfortable, and the ethnic decor was stylish. The bathroom was also nice and had eco-conscious features. Hotel rooms in San Francisco can be very small, but we found our room to be quite generous, especially given the large walk-in closet that provided tons of storage space for clothing and suitcases. It was possible to hear traffic/street noise from our room, but it wasn't so bad as to prevent us from sleeping (I always wear ear plugs anyway, which helps a lot). The location of the Hotel Carlton is great---unless you intend to take taxis everywhere, touring San Francisco requires a lot of walking and/or figuring out the myriad public transportation options, and the hotel's proximity to Union Square and the Powell-Mason cable car line is a big plus. The Nob Hill neighborhood is very nice, with plentiful coffee shops, cafés, bars, convenience stores, etc., and it's not too far a walk to Chinatown and beyond. We explored a wide variety of neighborhoods and attractions all throughout the city and found the Hotel Carlton to be a very good home base. If you're looking for economical accommodations in San Francisco but don't want to sacrifice comfort, quality, location, etc., then the Hotel Carlton is definitely the way to go. There is no doubt that we will be back, hopefully for a longer and more relaxed stay in the Bay Area.	
Feb 5 2009 	A great hotel!	I checked into the hotel late in the evening after a long flight. At my arrival the staff was very nice and made a pleasant welcome. They handed me a map of San Francisco, marked areas I should stay out of at night (mainly the Civic Center). They offered me assistance with my luggage.The room was in a standard size. It was pretty clean and tidy. All facilities worked perfectly. The room had a large TV, a coffee machine, alarm clock and the hotel had free wireless internet connection.I enjoyed my visit in the hotel very much. Every time I spoke to the staff they were very polite. They helped me with whatever I asked them.I recommend this hotel for everyone, for its good price and location.	
Feb 4 2009 	Excellent deal for budget travellers	We selected this hotel after careful consideration of options in the area and our budget for the trip. When we travel, we generally like to spend most of the time touristing rather than in the hotel, so we are not looking for big screen LCDs or the such. We stayed a total of 9 nights at this hotel.The review we found on this site are quite accurate: The staff is A+, has a can-do attitude, and really seemed to care about our confort. Rooms are clean, hotel has a nice location, and the price is fair. My only critic would be the thin walls which allows you to hear the couple next-door or the cleaning staff in the morning.A nice surprise was that WIFI Internet was included and at around 5pm they had a daily wine tasting in the lobby. We were also free to bring our own wine/beer later on and have a few more drinks.	
Feb 3 2009 	Hotel Carlton - Love it. Can't wait to go back	I saw a great deal at travelzoo.com for the Hotel Carlton. Got a great price, although their rack prices are very reasonable. The location was wonderful, walking distance to Union Square, Fort Mason (where the huge Zinfandel Festival was helf) and Fisherman's Wharf and the Ferry Building. The front desk staff were helpful and friendly. The wine happy hour every night was a nice time to socialize. The rooms were very well appoointed. The beds were incredibly comfortable. The housekeeping staff was great. The towels were perfect. The apples in the hallway kept me from ever getting too hungry and the hot/cold water dispenser got a great deal of use from me. The coffee was good in the room. I have absolutely no complaints and can't wait to go back to San Francisco and stay there!	
Jan 27 2009 	Greatest Hotel	What a friendly, central, good neighbour; Boutique Hotel. Green and not wasteful, apples in the hall, water cooler and great maid service. Totally renovated to great standards.We spent two weeks here, starting Dec. 2, 2008. Our 50th Wedding Anniversary. They were so kind to us and made a big deal of our arrival with wine, chocolates, room upgrade and balloons! We had a wonderful time and got help and directions whenever we asked. The wine reception each day allowed us to meet travellers of all ages from around the world. This hotel donates $1.00/day during your stay to the charity next door.Thank you to all the staff from two old folks.	
Jan 27 2009 	You can do better (elsewhere)!	Overall, I would not recommend this hotel. We had several problems at it just wasn't worth the hassle. Hotel restaurant seemed popular but we did not try it. Parking issues; valet service closes from midnight (even on weekends) to 6 AM. So after paying for parking - there was no place to park the car upon returning from the evening at 12:30 am. The front desk staff was no help. We sat in the car and had to wait for a parking spot to open. Fortunately, after 20-30 minutes, someone left and we were able to secure 1 spot. Anyone who came after us was out of luck. To me, this is unacceptable. Hotel temperature: the room heat is controlled by the hotel - you have no individual adjustments. I requested and received a space heater. I imagine this is also an issue for summer. Pros: initial check in staff (daytime) was great, location was good. Cons: very noisy (paper-thin walls and LOTS of street noise), parking problems, front desk staff (evening) unhelpful, room temperature, lack of towels in the bathroom.	
Jan 23 2009 	Very Friendly Good Location	We liked this hotel because the staff was friendly, its like they REALLY cared!The location was great because it was downtown and NOT in the tourist area, which we loved. Getting around was really easy, we took a cab to fishermans warf and it cost about $7.00, we also took the cable car, which was about $5.00 and you have to walk a little, and we took the BART which was about $10.00 from the airport. We requested the top floor which was nice because you could see the city from our room. The room was nice and clean, the only complaints we have; Our room was next to the elevator, we could hear the elevator motor going all night, which didnt really bother me, but if your a light sleeper it would. The last night we were there, I could hear people talking in the room next door through our walls, but that was the only time, it was a little weird.I would stay there again because I loved it, but I would request a different room on the top floor.	
Jan 20 2009 	little noisy	The hotel overall experience was good, the only thing is that it was a little noisy. We could hear the people next door talking and using the bathroom this could be because we were in a connecting room and also right outside of the elevator. Staff was pleasant and assisted with our needs. There is comp wine in the evenings from 5.30pm to 6pm which i thought was a nice touch. Location wise it is ok, we didnt get a cab at all during our 4 night stay. Shopping in walking distance - union square and market street only like 15 mins walk.	
Jan 17 2009 	Good value for money and FREE wine!	Nice and clean hotel in walking distance to downtown and union square. We stayed there for 4 nights and there was nothing to complain about. Every night at 5.30 pm the hotel served free wine for their guest in the lobby. The staff was friendly and we will definately stay there again.	
Jan 12 2009 	Friendly fun and affordable	This was our first trip to San Francisco, and the Hotel Carlton proved to be a fantastic base for the trip. We were mainly there for the Macworld Expo, but did a lot of sightseeing too. The Hotel is well-located - a short walk away from Union Square where all the main shops and restaurants are. It's also not too far to Chinatown and Little Italy (with trams going from Union Square, though the walk is pleasant). Although I was initially concerned that the hotel might be a little close to the Tenderloin, this was a non-issue. We were told as soon as we arrived which area to avoid at night, but - as another reviewer on TripAdvisor said - you'd be unlikely to head that way anyway. There are a few homeless people around, but that's true of everywhere else in SF we went, and it's no more than you would find in any city (in fact, San Francisco is one of the least intimidating cities I've ever visited). For the price, the Hotel is in a fabulous location.As for the hotel itself... It was just brilliant. The staff were friendly and helpful. They also seem to take note of when you are going out - no one ever knocked to clean our room, but it would be spotless whenever we returned from going out. Our room was on the seventh floor, at the back. It was quiet and much better appointed than I had expected. The beds were firm and very comfortable, the bathroom was clean, the shower was decent and the decor was tasteful. The room could get warm (considering it is midwinter) but the ceiling fan sorted that out. Other reviewers have mentioned the thin walls, and I was concerned that things would be too noisy - but again, it was a non-issue. Although I could hear people moving about in the corridor, and the TV and talking from next door at one point, things were generally quiet; certainly, no worse than some of the terraced houses or flats in which I've lived. So don't let the thin walls put you off this excellent hotel!I should mention the wine evenings... From 5.30-6pm every day there is free wine (in another review somebody said there was no red wine, but when we went there was a selection of red, white or sweet rosé). This was brilliant, and really added to the atmosphere and buzz of the place. Many of the guests would come down from their rooms, sit around on the sofas in front of the blazing fire, supping wine whilst Theo - one of the friendly and helpful concierges - played the keyboard. It was a great way to start the evening.We also tried the Saha (the hotel's restaurant) - it is definitely worth checking out while you are there. I'm vegetarian and the meal I chose at the Saha was one of the best veggie meals I had in SF.All in all the Carlton was a fantastic place to stay and I heartily recommend it. We chose it based on all the reviews on TripAdvisor and similar sites, so our hopes were high - and we were far from disappointed. There are so many nice little touches that the staff seem to have put in place, the sort of thing that makes the overall experience that much nicer. Next time I visit San Francisco, whether for business or pleasure, I will definitely be staying at the Carlton again.	
Jan 12 2009 	Great hotel at a graet price	Got a deal through lastminute, so at £65 a night I was always going to enjoy this hotel- but I would definately stay hear again and be prepared to pay more.The check in was quick and very polite. I needed to park my car for the night and at $30 for a few hours I wasnt too sure, so I delighted when the staff pointed out a free space across the road and even came out to see me in the space and tell me to leave my wheels at an angle because of the hill!Rooms are large and bright. The beds are the best I've ever slept in- ssooooo comfy. Air con worked well, bathrooms are good and the free wine at 5.30 everyday was a great way to relax after walking the hills all day- if you're nice to them they gave us 3/4 of a bottle to finish off on 3 of the nights we were there!They help you book anything you want and helped out with our airport transfer. Marc and Theo were brilliant to us while we stayed there.The thin walls others talk about werent true with our room and the area was no problem either and its really only a 5 minute walk tops to the very centre of the city.	
Jan 10 2009 	Paper-thin Walls	My boyfriend and I stayed at Hotel Carlton in August 2008 for four nights and we were disappointed with the hotel. Although the hotel staff was friendly and the room was clean enough, the hotel was missing some of the common things you look for in a hotel. Having just come from Napa, we had several bottles of wine and the hotel did not have a corkscrew we could borrow. Additionally, there is no mini-fridge in the room, which was surprising. Those are just minor problems, but the real issue was that the walls are SO THIN and there was a baby in the room next door who was crying all night long and kept us both awake. The following night our neighbors had the television blasting so we could hear it through the walls. The location is also not ideal. There are some cute coffee shops within a few blocks, but if you walk a few blocks in the wrong direction you're in a really sketchy neighborhood.My brother and his girlfriend stayed at the Orchard Garden Hotel near Chinatown and it was only a little more expensive but much much nicer.	
Jan 8 2009 	Pleasant 	Very clean and affordable hotel with very friendly staff. Beautiful lobby and comfortable rooms.	
Jan 4 2009 	Great SF hotel in interesting neighborhood	So I love this hotel. It's absolutely my favorite place to stay in SF. Conveniently located, walking distance to all the sights or public transport to get there, and fantastic staff. Plus, the on-site restaurant is excellent. What more could you want? PROS: Staff, location, views, flat-screen tv on 9th floor, green hotel. Very clean, and staff is incredibly attentive to your needs. ALso, I really like being greeted each time we come in the door. It makes me feel like I&quot;m not just some random anonymous guest. CONS: As some said, the walls are thin, but it's an old building. The elevators are also slow, but.... Sometimes had trouble getting hot water.	
Jan 3 2009	Hotel Carlton a Joie de Vivre Boutique Hotel	This was my 8th trip to San Francisco and my favorite hotel experience. This time was a mother-daughter &quot;bonding trip&quot; and it couldn't have been better. Our room was on the 5th floor with two large beds. The room was very clean, the sheets were soft and there was plenty of room for two grown people who cannot figure out how to pack for a week. The staff was eager to answer questions and seemed happy to be there - smiling faces and all. Even the cleaning lady was fun to visit with. The location is good for using the MUNI system, though if you arrive from the airport via the BART, you may want to get a taxi unless you have packed light and have wheels on your luggage. I was happy to trade a &quot;continental breakfast&quot; for the wine time in the front lobby each evening. If you like to visit with people from all over the world, you are much more likely to strike up a conversation in the evening over a glass of wine than a sit in a break room early in the morning with a bagel. The restaurant &quot;SAHA&quot; within the hotel was excellent and my only regret is not eating more meals there. I write a food column for a LGBT magazine and needed to check out a number of places to eat, but even at one of the most strongly recommended places, I was wishing I were at SAHA. I will definitely return to the Hotel Carlton. Great experience! And did I mention it is a &quot;green&quot; hotel? - Bonus!	
Jan 2 2009 	Love this little hotel	We booked the Carlton based on the Tripadvisor reviews and I think it was one of the best decisions we made, no holiday can go wrong if you stay in a hotel like this. The staff was great, very helpful, they had a great sense of humour and the afternoon happy hour for clients was the best thing ever - we got to know the staff and fellow travellers very well, made some new friends which made our stay in SF even better. Rooms were well equipped, enjoyed the American tv and a good shower. Funny enough we never noticed the thin walls (maybe we kept more noise than our neighbours..)The area was interesting, I much preferred to stay in a local area than in the very touristy places. There were nice breakfast places around and the walk to Union Square to all the shops was just right. The staff was sure to tell us about the areas which were not advisable at night, so we felt safe.Thanks to Theo, Edgar, Gio and all the other reception staff for making us feel very welcome and if we are ever back in SF we know where to stay !	
Dec 30 2008	great room friendly service convenient location	The welcome at check in was really friendly and warm. The room was great, compact but stylishly decorated with lots of light and well thought out interior design. There was a large walk in closet which was great for getting luggage out of the way. The location was really fantastic, basically walking distance to most everything we wanted to see and do. Unfortunately we didn't get to enjoy the wine reception hosted by the hotel at 5:30 every evening because we were too buisy running around the city. I visit SF often and would stay here again.	
Dec 23 2008 	"Thin Walls are unbearable!"	The hotel was fine for an older building and the staff was efficient. The walls though are just too thin and you could hear every word the people next door are saying. This would be somewhat bearable if it was during the day and you were not in the room for very long however when you could hear every word at 4 am when it is obvious that these people are awake and packing and leaving for the airport for their 6am flight, well, then it is very uncomfortable especially when you don't have to get up for another 5 hours...	
Dec 21 2008 	Great Hotel for the Price	We are bay area locals staying in the city for one night, and wanted a decent hotel for a good price (which is hard to come by in SF, especially this time of year!)...I did a lot of research, and decided that based on the reviews here on Trip Advisor, that the Hotel Carlton would be worth a try...I was right...from the moment we walked in the door, we were greeted by extremely friendly front desk and bell staff... who made us feel at home right away. Valet parking was a little steep- $30...but worth it for the in &amp; out privileges... We stayed on the Everest floor, in a deluxe room, which I think is just a tad bigger than the regular floors- and it also had a flat screen TV, which was nice. The room was clean, and well appointed... the bathroom was small, but very clean...The only thing I would say that is partially negative about this hotel is that the walls are indeed VERY thin...so if you are a light sleeper, it may not be the best choice for you...All in all- a great stay!	
Dec 20 2008 	I'd certainly go back	Having been greeted with big smiles and complimentary glasses of wine, we immediately felt welcome.Situated a short walk from the hustle and bustle of Union Square and the incredible burrito joints on Polk Street, the Hotel Carlton offers large, well decorated (and clean) rooms, with the only small downfall being some noise from the streets below.Our room was on the 6th floor and featured a king sized bed, walk in wardrobe, bath and shower, and TV offering a good variety of channels.The staff are very friendly and knowledgeable, and really do go out of their way to help you.The foyer is stylish and comfortable, and the perfect place to relax and watch the world go by.The breakfast menu is comprehensive, but expensive.In all, a great hotel in a great location.	
Dec 18 2008 	Great except for thin walls!	A friend and I recently stayed at the Carlton for three nights. There are many positive qualities about this hotel: evening wine reception, friendly staff, good location, cleanliness of room, price. However, the walls are super thin!! Our neighbors had their TV on late each night and early each morning, and although the volume wasn't very loud we could clearly hear it in our room. We heard every noise they made - talking, flushing the toilet, etc. If it weren't for the thin walls I would definitely stay here again. As a side note, we rarely heard any street noise which was nice given the location on a city street. I suggest bringing ear plugs.	
Dec 17 2008 	Can't beat it for the price	I would defintely stay here again because for the price, it is wonderful. I upgraded to the suite because I had business meetings and really appreciated having a computer and printer at my disposal since I didn't have my laptop. The restautant is great for breakfast and dinner and prices are reasonable and food is wonderful, especailly interesting vegetarian and vegan options. Staff were immensely helpful and friendly. It is a bit of a walk to Union Square, but if it too long, taxis are so easy in San Francisco.	
Dec 16 2008 	Alas a cozy boutique hotel	Usually stay at a four star hotel in San Francisco - but this time took the recommendations of some friends and chose this lovely boutique hotel. An interesting conceptual hotel that has an Asian inspired decor that combines a simplistic global design with eco/energy consciousness . I even liked the wine selections at the complimentary reception at 5:30. The staff were extremely friendly.	
Dec 14 2008 	Liked this hotel (except the thin walls!)	I stayed here for 3 nights as part of a United Airlines Vacations package which included flights and accommodation in Las Vegas, Los Angeles, San Diego and San Francisco.The good things about this hotel are…(1) Quite close to the Union Square shopping area – about 10-15 minutes’ walk.(2) Excellent front desk staff – the best I have experienced. At check in, they gave us a map and told us which area is best avoided at night. They booked a city tour for us, arranged a shuttle to the airport, gave us a list of restaurants for Thanksgiving, and even let me use their computer when the hotel one was not working.(3) The room was a good size, with a separate walk-in wardrobe. The bathroom was small but adequate. Good cleanliness and comfy bedding. There was an in-room safe as well.(4) Free wine daily between 5.30 – 6pm.The major drawback to this hotel was the thin walls and adjoining door. We could hear loud and clear noises from the couple in the next room, which woke us up twice. It's not just loud noises, but even talking or the TV can be easily heard. The one thing you really need in a hotel is a good night’s rest and you might not get that here which is a shame considering the hotel is good otherwise.	
Dec 9 2008 	Hate it!	I spent four nights in this hotel and i would never come back.As soon as i got in my room, it was freezing: the heater have been shut down and the doors were partially open (in december). After calling the front desk to fix it, the heater started making weird noises because of the water pressure....I called a second time, it was definitely shut down and replaced with a noisy electric one. For three times the door of my room did not lock properly and i had to call for assistance. Also, expect long waits at the cafeteria for breakfast, the kitchen was closed on a tuesday evening for reasons i did not understand. The neighborhood is not very safe, too many homeless around.The front desk was not able to give me simple information about a shuttle bus for the conference center that was supposed to stop at some close hotel. Given what I payed, it is absolutely not worth it.	
Dec 4 2008 	Couldn't rate this place highly enough	I have never had such a pleasant hotel stay. The staff were endlessly helpful. The room and location were great. I will definitely stay at the Hotel Carlton again next time I'm in San Francisco.	
Dec 1 2008 	Decent place at a decent location	I stayed at this hotel during thanksgiving. I booked through Travelocity and got a good deal for 3 days. It came to 103 dollars per night including tax. There was no additional or hidden charges levied by the hotel after our stay.The hotel is old and the room show that. But apart from that the room is pretty clean and comfortable. However the heating system was not as good as it should have been. I took a room at the rear of the hotel and there was absolutely no noise from the street. However I could pretty well hear what the people in the other room was saying. So that played spoil sport with me and my wife's privacy. The parking charges were 30 dollars per night which I thought was pretty steep. There were other private parking facilities nearby which had overnight parking for 20 dollars and I opted for that.I did not get a chance to avail of the famed free wine during the afternoon because I was away touring the city. Overall I liked the room and for this price it was a great deal.	
Nov 30 2008 	Loved it!	Great location, nice room and very friendly staff! This is a great find in San Fran. We spent the first nights of our honeymoon here, and wouldn't change a thing. The 530 wine in the lobby was great too.:) Nice way to meet your fellow travellers. We definitely recommend this place, and would stay again.	
Nov 19 2008 	Great hotel with great staff	The welcome from the staff on front desk on arrival was great, after a long 16 hour journey they could not have been more friendly. The hotel was located centrally enough with a short walk to all the major attractions the city has to offer. We stayed for 3 nights from Nov 11th - Nov 14thThe room was well appointed, nice comfy bed, clean and tidy, only one reservation was the extremley small bathroom but it didn't affect me greatly but maybe an issue for some. The wine reception in the evenings is a really nice touch and you are made to feel very welcome. We didnt eat at the hotel but did visit ' Brick ' the bar next door for dinner which was really good and recommended. Like the vast majority of reviews I would highly recommend the hotel for its location, excellent value for money , and very helpful and friendly staff.	
Nov 18 2008	Loved the atmosphere and the staff	Have you ever walked into a building and felt at home straight away? I did when I arrived ,with my husband, at the Carlton Hotel Sutter Street San Francisco. We stayed there in November this year. The welcome we received was, to say the least, fantastic. Theo the concierge was brilliant and did everything he could to ensure our stay was a happy one.He was also a brilliant musician as we found out at the 'get together' wine evenings held each night at the hotel. A brilliant way to meet and mingle with other guests. We cannot fault the hotel at all the rooms,facilities Saha restaurant were all fantastic. During our trip to the states we stayed in 3 more hotels and not one compared with the Carlton. If you're San Fransisco bound stay at the Carlton, you won't be disappointed! If my husband liked it it must be good!!	
Nov 17 2008 	Lovely environment and ENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY TOO!!	We were very impressed by the hotel's environmental credentials - especially the monitor in the lobby showing how much energy was being saved during our stay by their solar panels on the roof. Best of all the staff were superb, the daily happy half hour with free wine from 5.30-6pm allowed you to meet fellow guests and connect with them, which enhanced the experience.There was free wi-fi in all parts of the hotel.The food choices in the Saha Restaurant were extensive, both for breakfast and dinner, suitable both for carnivores and my picky vegetarian partner. Remember to book the restaurant early when you arrive, as it is also highly popular with the locals, and you may have to wait until late in the evening if you forget!In addition, there are plenty of eateries around the hotel. Thad's Cozy Cafe up the street for breakfasts, Brick (next door) and Thai and Turkish restaurants around the corner, all within 2 blocks.It's about 6 blocks from the city downtown area and the cable cars, and if the steepish streets get too much for you, there are regular 2, 3 &amp; 4 buses/trolley buses that go close to Union Square and pass the door of the hotel on their way out to the suburbs. They also have valet parking for those who have to arrive by car, and there is a cheaper private parking lot directly across from the hotel.Our only gripe was that the interconnecting door between our room and the adjacent one was not well soundproofed, and we heard every word of our neighbour's 5am phone call on the day we were leaving. Luckily we were checking out at 8am that day!	
Nov 16 2008 	Great find in San Francisco	I recently stayed two nights at this hotel and was pleased with the experience. The service at this hotel is excellent: They welcomed me warmly, printed out the boarding pass for my flight, booked airport transport, gave directions, etc. This hotel clearly strives to provide a warm and personal experience.I had a superior king room and it was fine. This hotel has been refurbished, although the age shows a bit in some of the things like the bathtub. However, nothing looked grungy and the room was very clean and well appointed. There is street noise and the walls are thin. One evening, some people were checking in across the hall/next door and all of the noise is as clear as a bell.I was very happy with the location. The hotel staff are very clear about where the Tenderloin is and how to avoid it. It is about a 10 minute walk to Union Square, and there are a few great eating spots along Sutter Street, such as Canteen and Sugar Cafe.All in all, a good place and a good value.	
Nov 13 2008 	Delightful hotel	The hotels we stayed at during our tour of America were chosen with great help from Trip Advisor and our choice of the Hotel Carlton in San Francisco was ideal.We were welcomed there by very friendly and courteous staff and our room was well appointed, clean and comfortable with free internet access.The location is excellent and one can walk to several important places in the City or easily to the streets with interesting shops and to the cable cars.The lobby of the hotel was extremely pleasant with a blazing fire and comfy sofas and every evening there was a complimentary wine reception held there for the guests to meet each other.Although we didn’t have dinner at the hotel, we did have breakfast each morning and it was excellent.The Hotel Carlton would certainly be our choice when visiting San Francisco again.	
Nov 11 2008 	Afternoon wine reception	Everything here was great!We stayed in November from Thursday night to Sunday, for a vacation holiday! The hotel lobby is very cozy with couches and sitting areas. There is a free wine reception every afternoon where all the guests gather and there was a live musician on a keyboard.The rooms were small but nice, nice decorations - more than just the usual beige walls and white sheets. It was very tasteful!The service was all fantastic! The people behind the counter were all very polite, helpful and funny. The honestly wanted to help us! They were very knowledgable about where to go for drinks, and how to get there! They offered good advice on public transit as well.There were a couple of places that needed dusting, high up and such, but nothing major.Good pretty central location. The cab ride was about 20 minutes from the airport. The walk from the hotel to the ferry building was about 35 minutes. There was one cable route 3 +/- blocks away. And numerous bus routes in the area. It wasn't too hard to get anywhere.	
Nov 7 2008 	Loved it	It's nice to find an hotel that lives up to its positive reputation and The Carlton certainly does. From the minute you arrive - even if you are a bit early - you feel welcome and valued as a customer. (How many times has THAT happened to you lately?) An excellent find (through Trip Advisor, of course). Good location and value for money; helpful FRIENDLY staff; clean and well maintained with a good restaurant that cooks your breakfast the way YOU like it. Book it with confidence!	
Nov 3 2008 	A Fantastic Gem	My mum and I stayed here for the duration of our two night stay in San Fran and couldn't have been happier with our choice.Without exception, the staff were warm, friendly, knowledgeable and could not have done more to make our stay more comfortable. We were treated as privileged and welcomed guests, rather than simply customers.Our room on the 9th (top) floor of the hotel was quiet, comfortable and plenty big enough for the two of us, with 2 double beds a flat screen TV and a large closet.The hotel is located about 5 blocks from Union Square, The daily wine reception is a must if you stay here - such a nice touch.This hotel is the antithesis of the modern, impersonal and anonymous hotels which I have stayed in so often, and I wouldn't hesitate to return there, or recommend it to anyone looking to stay in a conveniently located, reasonably priced and welcoming hotel in San Fran!!	
Nov 2 2008 	Great hotel!	Our stay at the Hotel carlton was fantastic!We arrived in San Fran late at night but the guy on the front desk was more than welcoming and helpful! This started a fantastic stay at the hotelWe had a corner room on the 9th floor. Great view and very spacious room. Extremely clean and was well maintained throughout our stay.Location was OK could be better and in house breakfast was just ok- didnt eat there twice thats for sure.THe hotel is extremely personal- the front desk are fantastic as are the room service people.Each night at 5 they have complimentary wine - which was such a wonderful touch! Everyone gets together has a drink and shares stories! Fantastic Price represented very high value for money! I will return next time i stay in San Fran.Keep up the great work	
Oct 28 2008 	Great service and facilities OK location	We had a very pleasant stay in late Oct 2008. The service from the front desk staff was absolutely outstanding, and very friendly and personal. The rooms were great and house keeping staff were also outstanding, friendly and efficient.Unfortunately, we weren't that impressed with the in house restaraunt, although we did only use them for one breakfast. The food was OK, and the service was well meaning, but impersonal, flustered and inept.Overall, while the location was not ideal the facilities and service are mostly outstanding and we would consider staying there again.	
Oct 25 2008 	Loved the Pet-friendly Carlton	This place is just fantastic. Traveling with two tiny dogs, which were treated like royalty. Spotlessly clean, surprisingly large rooms and fantastic staff. One of the gentlemen who checked us in actually played keyboard during the complimentary wine service in the lobby in the early evening. Talented, friendly and down to earth. Plus it's the greenest hotel in San Francisco. Would stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Oct 21 2008 	Good hotel in the heart of SF	Stayed at the Carlton for 3 days mid-October on our way back thru SF from Napa. Since my beautiful (and new) wife and I were not experienced with the first hotel we stayed when we first came to SF (Hotel Drisco), I thought it would be fun to stay downtown for a change. And since the Carlton is a JDV hotel like the Drisco along with postive reviews found on Tripadvisor, I thought we couldn't go wrong.Staff was great, always with your best interest in mind. Rooms were small but how much time do you really want to stay in a room when all of SF is out there asking to be explored? Location was great and convenient to Union Square -- within a 10 minute walk if that. I would recommend the Carlton if you're looking for a good hotel in downtown with a staff that is customer focused.	
Oct 14 2008 	This hotel is wonderful!	Me and my partner stayed at the Carlton for a week in September, and I can't gush enough about the beautiful room, wonderful staff and general great-ness of this place. Our room was on the 8th floor, and we had a queen bed which was fantastically comfy and a bathroon with a window (you don't realise how rare these are until you wonder why you're not going for the light every time you go in)!The staff were very friendly and knowledgeable about the area - we were just far enough away from the madness but still felt in a city. Although there was some street noise at night, at didn't bother either of us in the slightest, and it's more cars that anything raucous. San Francisco is an amazing place, and we both loved it. Can't recommend it enough.	
Oct 8 2008 	Hotel Carlton is a pretty good choice in San Francisco	Stayed here during an Oracle conference Sep 21 - 25. Compared to where I have stayed previous years Hotel Carlton was a good choice. I had a 3rd floor room facing Sutter street. There was street noise even with the windows closed, and I could hear noise from the room next door but neither bothered me very much. The room was nice and spacious, with a good-sized dresser and a large walk-in closet which was good for me since I was staying 5 nights. The bathroom was nice and clean with room to put personal items. The bed was a king size bed and very comfortable. Complimentary internet was a plus. It is about a 5 - 10 minute walk to Union Square, and you have to deal with a few hills. I was only able to take advantage of the happy hour one night but enjoyed it. I did enjoy Saha for breakfast and highly recommend the breakfast quesadilla.I have stayed in the Hotel Whitcomb and the Handlery Union Square before, and Hotel Carlton was less money and I think a better room than those, so I would definitely choose Hotel Carlton again.	
Oct 1 2008 	Fantastic stay !!	A lovely, clean, nicely decorated (modern), well situated hotel.Staff were very friendly.Would stay there again in a second and would recommend it to everyone.Reasonable price.Just over 5mins walk to union square - perfect.	
Sep 28 2008 	Top hotel	Super service with wine reception each evening. Well situated with a really good restaurant next door - the Brick. Rooms clean and spacious, Reception staff friendly and exceptionally helpful and knowledgeable with directions, suggestions trips etc.	
Sep 24 2008 	Fantastic!	This is a wonderful place. All of the staff is exceptionally friendly and helpful. They are pretty much at your beck and call. They are very knowledgeable about the area and are entertaining at the evening wine tasting. The rooms are nice--the windows even open. We got upgraded since we were staying four nights and this was without even asking. We had to cancel our first night since our plane was late and we couldn't get a flight until the next morning. Hotel said no problem--kept our reservation intact and did not charge us for cancelling the first night. It was a great experience staying here and I would abolutely stay again.	
Sep 23 2008 	Noise Noise Noise!!!!	I'm not sure what the &quot;normal&quot; rate is for this hotel -- we paid $189/night and i think it should have cost more like $50. The room was clean, however, the hotel's walls are PAPER THIN. We could hear the people next to us, the people above us, the people below us, the people in the hall and all the noise from the surrounding area (traffic, people yelling, sirens, etc.). This place is just WAY too noisy. It's awful. I paid $167 (got a deal - yes) at the Westin Market Street and it was phenomenal -- clean, quiet, temperature controlled, etc. 100X better for your buck. Also - unlike the Westin - hotel carlton has no mini bars or refrigerators, no A/C.Free internet at hotel carlton was a plus - but can't make up for the rest of the nightmare. I mean seriously - i'd rather pay $10 for internet than not get any sleep b/c of all the chaos surrounding me.	
Sep 23 2008 	Great hotel	We stayed in this hotel instead of our previous SF choice as it was closer to the locations in SF that we were interested in.The first words we heard as we walked through the door were “welcome home”. Check in went very smoothly with no issues (we’d booked and prepaid via Airmiles). To the hotel’s eternal credit they were immediately honest about the local “no-go” area for tourists, pointing out to us on a map the location to avoid on foot and to be fair it’s unlikley that you would wander in that direction. If you heed this advice and take some sensible precautions (as you would anywhere else in the world), you should have no problems at all walking in the vicinity of the hotel. We didn’t encounter any issues, even though we always prefer to walk rather than take cabs.Although our room, on the 6th Floor, was at the front of the hotel overlooking Sutter St. and subtly lit by the neon hotel sign, we had no problems sleeping, even with open windows.We were up and about early on the Sunday to catch a tour bus at 8:30 and were mildly surprised to find that breakfast wasn’t available until 9:00 am. But you’re in San Francisco, so breakfast is always available somewhere (head down Sutter St. to Lou’s Diner and eat there would be our tip!)Returning to the hotel in the late afternoon, it was a nice touch to find complimentary wine on offer in the lobby for an hour or so - a perfect excuse to mix with the other guests.We did have breakfast in the Hotel’s Saha Restaurant the following day which provided a great start to the day - portion size, food quality and service were all good. The usual suspects are all on the menu.Check-out was as smooth as check-in. As other comments have noted, the hotel does include a $1 per night donation to a (very) local charity in your bill (and this was pointed out to us at check-in) – but if you’d rather not make this small donation then just say so.All in all, a quiet, clean, friendly hotel and a good base for exploring San Francisco’s sights.	
Sep 23 2008	Awesome Hotel - Hotel Carlton	This hotel was fantastic! I used to work in the hotel industry and have stayed at plenty of different places but this place truly rocks! It has a laid back attitude but is still stylish and hip. The front desk staff are knowledgeable and seem willing to do whatever will make the guests happy. Oh, and the complimentary wine reception each night is a great treat and you can meet other hotel guests, which makes the whole place seem like a youth hostel for grown ups!I loved the value for money too, San Francisco can be an expensive place for sure.	
Sep 21 2008 	Loved the Hotel Carlton	We visited the Hotel Carlton in September 08 and it was an extremely friendly and welcoming hotel, nothing was too much trouble. Very clean and tidy rooms. It is an absolute must to eat in the The Saha Restaurant in the hotel, the food was out of this world. Make sure that you go to the wine tasting every evening.	
Sep 21 2008 	Not bad	I always check - if possible - Tripadvisor before making reservations at a hotel. And so I did before booking the Carlton Hotel, which I booked through the hotels' website and which got rather good reviews from readers of the Tripadvisor website.Nevertheless I have 3 remarks to make. Check in went very smoothly. The room was okay. Except that the noise from the street ( we were on the highest floor ! ) was really very loud. I kept checking whether a window had been left open, but no. Our room was also connecting to the room next door and on the 2nd night someone there was making a phonecall, you had no problem following the whole conversation.And then there was the thing with the &quot; donation &quot; : on the card which comes with your keys there was the mention of a donation of 1$ per day for a good cause. At check out nobody asked me a thing and I had completely forgotten all about that donation, but a few days later when looking at my bill again, I noticed 1 $/night had been added without asking !!! Be careful, I would say. I must admit, I should have looked at it more carefully when checking out. I will next time.	
Sep 9 2008 	Great Hotel	Stayed at this hotel for 5 nights at the end of August and I have to say it was fab. From the moment we arrived every member of staff we came into contact with was friendly and helpful and made us feel very welcome. The room was lovely, nice decor and extremely clean.I would recommend this hotel to anyone wishing to visit San Francisco.	
Sep 8 2008 	Highly Recommended	The hotel was in a great location, not right in the middle of the city, but just far enough out so traffic noise wasn't an issue, but close enough to Union Square. The staff were very warm and friendly and had answers to all our questions, while the rooms were well appointed and the King size bed was a delight to sleep on after a 14 hour flight from Australia. Would definately recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a good middle of the range hotel in San Francisco	
Sep 8 2008 	Lovely and so friendly	Stayed at this Hotel for 4 nights and it was awesome. I was in a twin share room which was a great size for 2 people. The rooms were clean and modern with a good sized bathroom. The staff here were excellent and offered guests wine in the lobby each night for free, they were always friendly and offered great advise on how to get around the city. Location was good and only a short walk to main shopping areas. EXCELLENT hotel and would stay there again in a second	
Sep 7 2008 	Great choice!	First stop in California after many hours flight delay. Cozy friendly environment, solicitous accommodating smiling staff, excellent breakfast in hotel restaurant, cheery wine reception with music in lobby...all talked about on Tripadvisor and all true. And it was GREAT to be able to open the room window for fresh air. Great location for our three nights-two full days of solo touring. This is definitely one for travelers who like out of the ordinary places at a reasonable price. Would definitely recommend and will return.	
Sep 4 2008 	Good Stay in San Fran	We stayed at the Carlton Hotel for 2 nights. Very central to all attractions and no one could beat the price that we paid. The hotel is boutique hotel and has a feeling that you're staying in European Hotel. Rooms were on the small side but had a comfortable King Size bed. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The only downside is that if people do not close their room doors you hear a loud slam. The walls are kind of thin as we could hear the people in the room next to us. Overall, I'd stay here again.	
Aug 30 2008 	Fun unique romantic and economical!	We decided to stay at the Hotel Cartlon during our honeymoon after reading several positive reviews on TripAdvisor. Were we ever glad we did. From the moment of check-in, the service was phenomenal. As soon as the guys at the front desk found out it was our honeymoon, they upgraded our room to the top floor so we could have better views of the city. From the old-fashioned elevator to the nice, bright, sun-filled bathroom, the hotel is filled with charming details that give it a quaint, vintage appeal. The bed was extremely comfortable and we both loved the cozy robes the hotel provided. Another fun feature at Hotel Cartlon? A free wine hour every evening in the lobby that offers guests a chance to try different wines, enjoy some good music and mingle. The hotel also is in a great location, with all the cool shops, restaurants and attractions just a short walk or public transportation ride away. The Hotel Cartlon definitely added to our overall San Francisco experience. We'll be back!	
Aug 17 2008 	Great find clean convenient very friendly	I must admit that this hotel was a pleasant surprise. Hotel staff is very friendly, very clean hotel and convenient. I took advantage of the rate that included valet parking. I have stayed at a dozen hotels in SFO over the years and next trip stay will be here.	
Aug 15 2008 	Interesting Hotel	We stayed here for a wedding. It's a &quot;green&quot; hotel which is kinda cool. They have a pitcher in your room to fill up with filtered water and they have Shampoo/Conditioner/Body Gel dispensers in the shower -- super handy and much easier than trying to get the stuff out of the bottle. Downside is that we were on the ground floor and subject to LOTS of noise and the hotel rest. is Indian Fusion so you can't just go down for breakfast or anything. But it is in walking distance from lot of coffee shops and the Staff is very gracious. Just don't stay on the ground floor.	
Aug 6 2008 	The Best of Times	This hotel was chosen by me as it was in the top 10 on Trip Adviser.We arrived in San Francisco a day earlier than expected and we called the hotel hoping that they had a vacancy. We were in luck and they were able to accomodate us. We were meant to stay 2 nights and lucky for us it turned out to be three.What a great experience. The ambience hits you the second you walk in the door. The guys on the desk couldn't be more helpful, and our room was ready at 10.00 in the morning. The room was a double Queen size and was perfect for our needs.It is great to see a hotel that cares for the environment and everything is geared to keep you aware of this.There is a complimentary wine tasting event at 5.30 each evening which I would recommend.The Saha restaurant (part of the hotel) is fabulous and very reasonably priced.The hotel is very well situated within a 10 minute easy walk to Union Square.I would recommend this hotel to all and would definitely go back.After we left the Carlton we stayed in a an almost new large hotel. It didn't have the character of the Carlton which I prefered.	
Jul 19 2008 	Loved it-Again!	Once again, the Hotel Carlton catered to everything we needed! This is the fourth time I have stayed at the hotel and everytime, it has been better than before! Don't forget the free wine hour and the master Theo entertaining with his keyboard! If you need room service, just contact the front desk and within seconds, Johnny will arrive at your door with your request. The rest of the staff is always willing and very helpful for any directions or suggestions if you tell them what you would like to do. Stay at SFO's best kept secret and you too will feel like you are at your home away from home!Thanks again guys!	
Jul 13 2008 	Great Stay in SF at Hotel Carlton - Cool Hotel	Having read the reviews on TripAdvisor we booked a three night stay at the Hotel Carlton as part of our US trip. The hotel is nicely situated on Sutter, around 10-15 mins walk from Union Square. We liked the location as it has a neighbourhood feel. Hotel staff were very friendly and helpful throughout our stay and even called the room to make sure we were happy following check in. The rooms were nicely decorated, with some personal touches thrown in which made us feel right at home. For the price this hotel is a bargain and we would recommend to friends. By the way, try Brick restaurant next door. We arrived without a booking and sat at the bench looking straight into the working kitchen. It was a little unusual at first, but really fun and one of the dining highlights of our trip to SF - food was exceptional also. Try Hotel Carlton - you won't regret it.	
Jul 13 2008 	Hotel Carton review	Booked a room at this hotel for a great price after reading some good reviews on TA. Staff were very pleasant, rooms were clean and modern, location was great, although one wrong turn and you could end up near the tenderloin, although to their credit, the staff at the hotel tell you this immediately. When you check in, they give you a map, and tell you exactly where not to go, so you really have no excuses. However, as said before, the location is great and you're close (walking distance) to some great places. Recommended!	
Jul 12 2008 	Loved it! What a quality find.	We booked this hotel for the first few nights of our honeymoon. On booking, they kindly upgraded us to a Kingsize room (but on arrival &amp; check-in didn't actually acknowledge the fact that we were on our honeymoon which would have been nice).The hotel is beautiful &amp; definately our definiton of a 'boutique hotel' - really nicely decorated rooms and communal areas - an Asian influence, but contemporary &amp; unique. The rooms were really well equipped with comfortable beds, silk cushions, iron, hairdyers, a huge flatscreen TV, fantastic shower and all spotless. The wine reception at 5.30pm was a lovely touch and the hotel buzzed at this time - it was nice to have a quiet drink or chat to other guests about their day. The staff were really friendly and professional. I also liked their green credentials and policy towards recycling and laundry.The hotel is in a great location just minutes walk from the shops &amp; restaurants of Union Square and the cable car stops. It was really easy to pick up a taxi outside and cheap to get anywhere within a few minutes.We had a great stay and wished evey hotel in California was liked this one - would recommend it to anyone!	
Jul 10 2008	A great hotel	I stayed here with my family and we all really enjoyed our stay. We loved San Francisco and found this hotel had a really good location to explore the city. We easily walked to Union Square, Alamo Square, Lombard Street and Fishrmans Wharf. The hotel was very clean and modern as it had just been refurbished and the staff were very friendly and helpful. I will stay here again when I next go to San Francisco.	
Jul 4 2008 	Hidden jewel	For the price (under $400 with priceline.com deal) of hotel (3 nights) and airfare (roundtrip from LAX), I wasn't expecting too much. However, I was pleasantly surprised at how clean and upgraded the Hotel Carlton was. The staff was very cordial and accomodating. I can't imagine finding much better, unless you spend several hundred $$$ more. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for an overall pleasant stay.	
Jul 4 2008 	Enjoyed this hotel	We really enjoyed this hotel. It is not in the middle of the tourist area, but we prefer it that way. We had free parking which helped tremendously on the price. Loved the wine tasting. Comfortable rooms (we had two). Older hotel but quaint not shabby. Hotel staff was good.	
Jul 3 2008 	Carlton is a Good Hotel which appears Underated	The Carlton is a very nice, recently refurbished hotel which deserves to be given very high marks by reviewers and guidebooks. We stayed for 4 nights in June and found it to be almost 5 star boutique standard but very slightly let down by being a little overpriced (although there were a number of conferences in town during our first 2 nights) and not in the best location (although again by no means bad).The room was very nice: modern, clean, well appointed and overall very inviting. Staff were excellent, friendly, attentive etc. Check -in was inconveniently late (3pm!!)Overall a very good hotel - 5 star standards at 3-4 star prices (if you avoid the &quot;conference in town&quot; rate) which we would highly recommend.	
Jul 3 2008 	Thank you for a perfect stay!	This review is long overdue, but telling the world about the hotel carlton is something we absolutely had to do! We have nothing bad to say about this hotel. We fell in love from the minute we entered its cosily furnished lobby and were still raving about it after we left.Our first positive impressions, apart from the aforementioned lobby with its cute furniture and ambient fireplace, were of the lovely reception we got from the staff at the front desk. Marc, Theo and Ben, we still remember you! These staff are such a great asset to Carlton. When we first checked in, we asked if there was a Krispy Kreme in the area. The guys told us that there wasn't one around, but they could get some for us someplace else (this someplace else sounded rather a distance away). We weren't expecting it, but the very next day, Marc (or it could have been Theo), presented us with a huge box of KK donuts and refused to accept our money!! The room we got (twin with double beds) was neat, clean and fairly spacious. The decor might best be described as quirky-charming-eclectic, but always well-coordinated and aesthetically pleasing. Definitely a cute and comfortable room!Carlton's location isn't too bad either. It's about a 5-block walk (around 8-10 minutes) to Union Square. Then of course there's the lengendary afternoon wine session which we unfortunately didn't get to attend because we were out most of the time.All in all, we had a great stay. Will definitely come back if we're ever in San Francisco again!	
Jul 1 2008 	Great Value at a Great Location	Excellent location, nice staff, tasteful rooms - what else can you ask for? :)	
Jun 28 2008	Our favorite place to stay in San Francisco	My husband and I stayed at The Hotel Carlton and the staff was quite accommodating and helpful. We prefer boutique hotels because they are more intimate and service is more personal. Upon entering the Hotel Lobby we were pleasantly greeted by Emelie. During our entire stay Ben gave us excellent directions to get to the sights of the city. Roumel was very attentive to our luggage needs. The entire staff, even the names we don't remember were incredible. The afternoon wine reception was a welcome affair after coming in from a day of sightseeing. The rooms were comfortable, clean and pleasantly decorated. This hotel met every need perfectly. We plan to visit this hotel on our next visit to the Bay area. Thanks guys for a job well done.	
Jun 27 2008 	Great Staff	Fantastic hotel with great staff. The wine receptions are delightful. Nice size room with comfortable beds. Within walking distance to Union Square. The restaurant in the hotel is excellent.	
Jun 24 2008 	great staff	My wife and I and three other couples stayed at the Carlton for four nights. The Carlton is an older, very clean and well frunished hotel. Rooms are spacious. Like many old hotels, the walls are thin. We asked for a room change after our first night. The staff was very accommodating. In fact, the staff to a person was the most upbeat, friendly and helpful staff I have ever encountered. They really make this hotel outstanding. The wine tasting at 5:30 every night is great.The hotel is close to public tramnsportation (get a MUNI pass). The neighborhood seems very ordinary at first, but there are many good, reasonably priced bars and restaurants nearby. Ask staff for a recommendation.No bar in the hotel, but we drank our own wine and beer in the lobby.	
Jun 23 2008 	Great Choice	A great experience which deseves all the positive comment. Theo was great.	
Jun 5 2008 	Overlooked	I travel to San Francisco frequently for work, and always stay at the Hotel Carlton. It's a great, small, out-of-the-way, affordable hotel with friendly staff. I joined the Joy of Life club (the Carlton's loyalty program) and they gave me a free bottle of wine!	
Jun 3 2008 	Great Hotel Great location	Great Staff. Great Price.Cute, Clean, quite large room with wonderfully comfortable beds. Theo will give you an overview of the area you are in which is really helpful.The hotel is a few minutes walk to Union Square which was handy. $10 - $15 will get you a cab to fishermans warf.The wine receptions of an afternoon are quite fun. It can be a little noisy on the lower floors but with earplugs it is not a problem. We found the Public transport in San Fran quite slow but make sure you get the card of a cab driver and give them a call directly as they have to pay the hotel every time you order one from the lobby. We will stay here again and are happy to recomend it to anyone going to San Francisco.	
May 31 2008 	Loved Hotel Carlton	This hotel was fantastic, it was in a great location only a few blocks away from Union Square and excellent value for money. The hotel was close to shops and restaurants. The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful and made our stay very memorable. The room in the hotel was excellent it was a fair size and was quiet. The room and bathroom were very clean. It was very warm when we were in San Francisco and the room was still comfortable although it did not have air con it only had a ceiling fan. If we were to return to San Francisco we would definately stay at this hotel again.	
May 30 2008 	Loved the Carlton	My sisters and I stayed at the Hotel Carlton April 25-28, 2008. We would highly recommend this hotel for the quality and price. The staff went out of their way to be friendly and accomodating to us for our first visit to San Francisco. The location was not bad as long as you are able to walk the six blocks or so to the cable car. They also have a great onsite restaurant.	
May 27 2008	Great central location	Stayed 4 nights from 12 May 2008. Arrived just before 530pm which proved timely for the daily wine reception! Staff were friendly and helpful, room well decorated although the bed was a bit on the shortish side for a tall person like me (6'3&quot;). Last 2 days we were in San Fran were stinking hot, no air con in room but we were out all day and slept fine at night with the window open and ceiling fan on. Good central location, away from the noisy wharf and with good access to public transport. Ate in the restaurant one night which was good. Overall an enjoyable stay.	
May 24 2008 	cute and cozy	great little hotel with great, friendly staff that was eager to help us get anywhere we needed to go and full of restaurant suggestions. It was a little noisy, but room was clean, comfortable and nicely decorated. Free wine reception is a nice touch. Location is a few blocks walk to union square, a longer walk to chinatown, and 2 blocks to a bus that took us to Fishermans Wharf &amp; Haight-Ashbury. Lots of sushi, cafe/diners in this area. We did not have a car and I am glad...the parking was a public lot across the street! All in all a real good deal for a great price.	
May 22 2008 	Loved the Carlton	We stayed at the Hotel Carlton from May 16 - 18 and loved every minute of it. The positives are so many, from the warm personal service to the esthetic of the hotel, it was truly a great experience.My SO and I decided to come into SF a day early on the 15th. We were going to book the earlier day at the Carlton but there was no vacancy (I now know why :)). We booked the additional day at the Holiday Inn - Fisherman's Wharf (seperate review for that hotel will be done). Lets just say that after our first night at the Holiday Inn, arriving at the Carlton the next day felt like coming home.My SO other and I were so pleased stepping into the bright comfortably stylish lobby. The good feelings continued as we made our way to our room on the 6th floor which felt very private (rm. 620) as we didn't have other hotel room doors directly beside us (kind of hard to explain, but very nice).The room was a decent size and felt very comfortable. The closet was HUGE and the view much better than the dumpster view I had at the Holiday Inn. Where this hotel excels is their service!!! Within a few minutes of reaching our room we received a courtesy call from the front desk ensuring the room was to our liking. Which it was :) Shortly after arriving we called down for a wine opener. I'm pretty sure that it was brought up before I had a chance to hang up the phone. As for the area, I loved it. It was close enough to the places I wanted to see but not right in the 'Touristy Tornado'. Believe me, after one night staying in the Wharf, we were happy to be somewhere that was more SF than 'Disneyland SF'. The area has great restaurants, The Rex, Tajine (bring your own wine and/or beer), The Holy Grail not to mention the on-site restaurant Saha. As well SF has a great transit system. We bought 3 day Muni passes which are good for all Muni and Cable Cars. I could go on and on about our stay here, but I'll end it with the fact that if you're going to San Francisco and you don't stay at the Hotel Carlton, I'm sure you'll still enjoy your trip...but not as much as we did :)	
May 13 2008 	Eceptional Service	We stayed 4 nights in April and were given the standard very warm welcome as mentioned by other Trip Advisor members.Theo gave us all the info we needed to get about and a map.One very nice touch was after being shown our room, reception called five minutes later to check we were settling in well. I loved that touch as I normally call down to change or request something.Room had very large walk in wardrobe a fabulous space, our room stayed pretty tidy because of this.We had sunny weather but it was very chilly and the clothes I bought were inadequate, jeans and a good all weather jacket would have been better than my linen trousers and thin sweaters.Apparently San Francisco has pretty windy or chilly weather. Wine tasting each evening is a lovely touch we made one of them and chatted to other guests about their exploration of San Francisco. Well placed Hotel for getting about everywhere.	
May 13 2008 	Would stay again	The hotel was farther from attractions at Union Square but it's close to lots of restaurants and waling distance from the cable cars.We walked some of the way but if we had to do it over, we would ahve booked something a little closer. The service at the hotel was very good, they catered to everything we needed. There was no airconditioning! We didn't really need it because it was the spring but , if you needed it, you wouldn't be able to stay here. Overall the beds were okay, and the room was a good size for Frisco. There was a very busy wine tasting every evening and the everything worked well. We had a hard time getting a hold of the front desk sometimes though.	
May 12 2008 	Good hotel with great service!	My partner and I stayed here for 7 nights towards the end of April and enjoyed every minute of it. The hotel is very well located and accessible to all the more popular areas of San Francisco, such as Union square, Nob Hill and Pier 39 -- All within 5-10 minutes walk or tram ride away. The hotel itself is pretty good and for the price more than reasonable. The room we had was on the eight floor and although it wasn't in the best of condition it was still more than acceptable. It certainly wasn't shabby and we'd definitely stay here again. The hotel staff were more than friendly and are up there with some of the more expensive hotels we've stayed in over the years - Four Seasons for example. They were more than happy to help with anything you asked, from booking a taxi, recommending a restaurant, advice in things to do or see in the area and all with a smile. They certainly looked like they enjoyed their work and made you feel very welcome. The wine tasting every evening at 5:30 was also a nice touch, although we only made it back twice on our trip. San Francisco is just a great city and we could have spent a lot more time there. The only time we ate in the hotel was breakfast which was decent enough, again friendly service and good quality food. Would we recommend this hotel? Definitely, especially if you can get it for the price we paid which was about $95 a night.	
May 9 2008 	Wonderful place	We stayed at the Hotel Carlton last summer with friends from the Czech Republic. The guys at the front desk were terrfic. Always helpful with dinner suggestions. They would quickly make a reservation for you and print you out directions. The complimentary wine reception was great. Will always stay here when we return to SF.	
May 6 2008	Fantastic	I had a small problem with reservations with the joie de vivre hotel line, but we finally decided on hotel carlton due to the great rate we got on line. We got there about noon, 3 hours early for check in, but the staff was happy to accomodate us and got us our room. When we got to our room it was very quaint, but very small. The staff was MORE than happy to show us two other rooms until we found one big enough for our satisfaction and all at the same rate. Every question I had, every need, every issue was all handled professionaly, friendly and with sincerity. They actually appeared to care and went out of their way to make their guests feel welcome. I would STRONGLY recommend this hotel and will definitely be staying there the next time I visit San Francisco.	
May 4 2008 	Hotel Carleton is a fantastic overall experience	We found this hotel in a travel newswire and first stayed there in January. Our stay was so fantastic: the staff are incredible, the rooms were lovely, the evening wine reception such a delight and the lobby is like walking into someone's plush home so we made it our choice again in April with friends from England who were visiting California for the first time. They SO loved the hotel, they are recommending it to others in the UK. We will be staying there every time we visit San Francisco; guaranteed.	
May 3 2008	Most convenient  friendly and comfortable.	The staff are very welcoming headed by Theodore and the hotel is located in a very convenient location. The Bedrooms are maintained to a high standard and we would most definitely recommend a stay at the Hotel Carlton.	
Apr 30 2008	Great Service!	Upon arrival, the staff was warm and welcoming. They were eager to answer questions and made us feel like we were members of their families. The room was a decent size and the bed was very comfortable. The hotel's restaurant had a nice breakfast and there are plenty of great restaurants within walking distance of the hotel. The cable cars were within walking distance and were a fun way to move around the city.The evening wine tasting was a nice touch.It was a wonderful hotel experience.	
Apr 29 2008	Great Stay	What a pleasant stay. We have been to San Francisco several times before and expected very cramped accomodations. We were pleasantly surprised. We booked 2 rooms for 2 nights and had the staff open the door between as our daughters were next door. Nicely decorated, excellent staff, and very comfortable atmosphere. Matresses could have been better but they were bearable. The weather was cool and the room heating was nice. Again, the lobby and staff were just so pleasant. I definitely recommend this hotel. Also, we enjoy walking and had a nice walk to Union Square, China Town, and other surrounding areas. The staff made good recommendations on areas to visit and to avoid. Parking is tough but we utilized the parking directly across the street. Pricey but again... it is San Francisco and you must expect that.	
Apr 23 2008 	Great hotel very friendly	This is a great hotel. We stayed there for 5 nights as part of our honeymoon. They knew ahead of time that it was our honeymoon and they sent up a bottle of wine and a card to the room. Such a nice and appreciated touch.After checking in, they rang up to the room to make sure everything was ok. It was! Lovely clean rooms and bathrooms. Wine reception is great at 5:30pm. Overall, an excellent experience. We'd stay there again.	
Apr 22 2008	Lovely gem!!	Just returned from a four night stay, this hotel is so nice and unpretentious. The staff really know how to treat their guests and are so friendly and helpful. Great tips on where to eat, transportation,etc. All you walkers, it's about a four mile round trip walk to Fisherman's Wharf. Down Van Ness avenue...too tired? Hop on the bus back to the hotel. Mass transit is excellent in SF..Wine reception in the evening is a nice touch..	
Apr 21 2008 	Great Value Hotel	Stayed here for 4 nights with my kids and mother. We were all warmly welcomed by the great staff. The Carlton has to be one of the best value hotels in San Francisco.We had two large interconnecting rooms which did experience some noise but this is a busy city after all.It is a 10-15 minute walk to Union square which we did day and night without any problems or feeling at all uneasy. On this journey we found Cafe Bean which did fab breakfast.	
Apr 17 2008 	Top Marks!	This is a splendid functional hotel. The rooms are well equipped with iron &amp; board, hairdryer, safe and loads of storage space. the front of house staff are exemplary: professional and hugely entertaining. If you're coming from SFO airport, get the BART to UN Plaza and walk up Hyde until you get to Sutter, then take a left. The walk took us about 20 minutes with luggage. This journey will take you through Tenderloin, and indeed the hotel is on the fringes of this, not the nicest part of town, but we didn't have any bother from anyone. The advice is not to get into a conversation with anyone! In terms of location, the hotel is ideally situated in Nob Hill. If you don't mind walking (and it's the best way to experience any city) carry on up Hyde and over to Fisherman's Wharf, or head east along Sutter towards Chinatown, the Financial District and the Embarcadero. The Hotel's restaurant has great reviews but was sadly closed on the night we wanted to eat there. But don't miss out on the wine reception in the lobby late afternoon! Theo is a wizard on the keyboard! If you want 5* luxury, or are offended by a bit of dust here and there, or don't want to hear the San Francisco wind whistling in the window frame, this isn't the place for you. However, if you want an excellent base from which to explore the city and helpful, attentive, down-to-earth staff with local knowledge who are only too pleased to help, then we thoroughly recommend the Carlton.	
Apr 16 2008 	Really nice hotel	writing this review on behalf of myself and friend Tania...stayed at this hotel for 3 days, wonderful staff, good price, good location. would definitely stay here again!!!	
Apr 14 2008 	loved The Carlton!	We just returned from a 4 night stay at The Carlton. The staff was humorous, friendly, and extremely helpful. Our room was very clean and the bathroom was modern, despite the age of the building. The free wine and apples were a nice touch. Take the time to enjoy the local coffee shops and cafes along the street the hotel is located on....we felt like we were part of the neighborhood!	
Apr 14 2008 	I can't decide	I liked the Carlton--there was nothing wrong with it. --a bit loud but old thin walls. Staff was great. It was clean and larger than some reviewers seem to find it. I also didn't find the neighborhood sketchy--but I wasn't out late at night. On the other hand --it wasn't that close to anything. (and probably why they charged only $77 a night) They do this complimentary wine thing from 5:30-6:00--a mix and mingle --nice touch, but if you are on the Coit tower and want to go to North Beach for dinner you would have to go all the way back to the bottom of nob hill/top tenderloin for it.--it's 30 mins each way . And it's not a neighborhood where you really want to go walking.It's sort of where regular people live. All in all -if I didn't have expectations that this was going to be a great place -I'd have thought it was a great place. But I did have expectations and since I spent less than $80 a night I wasn't really disappointed. If you don't go in with a lot of expecations hopefully you won't be either.	
Apr 14 2008 	San Francisco gem	&quot;Clean rooms. Friendly, attentive staff. A real bargain in a city where bargains can be tough to find.&quot;	
Apr 12 2008 	Not as close to Union Square as you think	Stayed here for a weekend and it was a lot further from Union Square than I had been led to believe. A good 10-15mins walk, it's near Hyde and Bush - so ok for cable cars! Next time I would try to stay more near Union Square.The room was clean and I did like the recycling options. It was also a good size and from recommendations here I asked for a corner room at the back of the hotel so as to avoid the noise of the street. Ok, it was a little noisy, so if you are a light sleeper don't stay here! But overall, didn't bother us. The air con is just a fan in the room so it might get a bit hot in the summertime.Also, the walls are very thin here and we had an interconnecting door so got a lot of noise from the neighbours - who, thankfully, weren't even that noisy!Hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. The on-site restaurant was ok - best to go out for food!Next time I'd pay the extra money and try stay somewhere else!	
Apr 11 2008 	Great hotel great people.	I stayed with Hotel Carleton for a week in April 2008. This is a wonderful hotel at a much cheaper price than most other similar hotels in the area. The staff did everything I needed, including ordering food, printing tickets, and giving suggestions for entertainment. Also, they did it with courtesy and enthusiasm. In particular, Theo was a great help! The room I got was cozy, but not too small by any means. The style and decoration of the rooms are rather nice and enjoyable. This is one of the best experiences I've ever had at a hotel I could afford for myself. The only reason you might not want to stay there is the location, which is a bit close to the sketchy bit of town, but there are ways to work around that. Finally, my flight was 6 hours late, but I had no trouble checking in at the middle of the night and getting to bed. Other hotels have given me trouble for that sort of thing, and it's refreshing to find one that makes a horrible flight easier rather than harder. I won't hesitate to stay here next time I'm in San Francisco.	
Apr 7 2008 	Small but cozy rooms	We have just returned from our trip to San Francisco, CA. Magnificent experience, the best hotel service ever, the best arabic fusion restaurant, Carlton has everything. The only complain we could have is the wine tasting is a little early (5:30 P.M. to 6:00 P.M.), so we never arrived on time, but we did not miss it. When we got to the hotel at night, we went directly to Saha Restaurant, had the Green Salad, a Bisbousa and a cup of Arabic tea or a glass of wine, and it was heaven. Me and my husband are grateful to the friendly staff and loved the experience.	
Apr 3 2008 	Great ambience	Stayed at the Hotel Carlton the night of Mar. 23, 2008. The hotel has great character and a friendly staff. Great dining suggestions from the front desk. Room comfortable and clean in a very eclectic style. Stayed on third floor. Did not like the noise from the street or the room next door. Walls are paper thin, no sound proofing. Bring ear plugs! Liked the walk in closet which was the size of some European hotel rooms. Liked the built in shampoo, conditioner, body wash pumps in the bathtub/shower. About a 7 block walk to Union Square. Many homeless all along Sutter St., but mostly friendly &amp; non threatening. Traveled with my 13 year old daughter who has been to NYC a couple of times. She commented on the abundance of homeless &amp; how many more there seemed to be in San Francisco as opposed to New York. The San Francisco homeless are certainly talkative, maybe that is the difference. With ear plugs would absolutely stay here again!	
Apr 3 2008 	Wonderful hotel	We stayed for 4 nights at the beginning of our trip to California and another single night at the end - and all were fantastic. The location is great, the staff exceptionally helpful and rooms are spacious and clean. We'd absolutely recommend this hotel - fantastic value for money.	
Apr 3 2008 	A Great Hotel in a Great City	The hotel is a great place to stay. The staff is very friendly and helpful, and they go out of their way to make you feel at home. The place has a very cozy feeling, and everybody is cheerful. Try the dining room downstairs - the food is great. I'll be back to this hotel the next time I'm in San Francisco.	
Apr 1 2008 	A fabulous hotel	The previous reviewers of Hotel Carlton described a fun, relaxed, helpful and extremely friendly hotel and staff. They were spot on. All the staff were charming, approachable and welcoming. Theo deserves a special mention as he was never without a beaming smile and regularly entertained us with his great (and always appropriate) sense of humour. We arrived at 5.45pm, in the middle of the free wine service, as a result we were able to enjoy a glass of wine as we checked in and our bags were taken to the room. A wonderful start to the stay which set the tone for our visit. My partner and I arrived the day before other family members, but once we had all arrived (to celebrate a 40th birthday) Theo had a bottle of wine sent to our room. This is all representative of the thoughtful approach of the staff.The rooms were clean and modern, they had plenty of storage space and a safe large enough to take 2 laptops and a variety of cameras and other items. The bathroom was attractive and the shower powerful. The bed was extremely comfortable and we enjoyed a good nights sleep on each of the nights we were there. We felt relaxed and ‘at home’ throughout the visit.The location is great, just 10 minutes walk from Union Square and also on a number of bus routes.There were occasions when noise carried from the rooms on either side of us, but not to the extent that it would put me off returning. We were here for 8 nights and had a great time. I would be more than happy to return and will be recommending the hotel to friends and family.	
Apr 1 2008 	Great hotel at a good price	Excellent boutique hotel - lovely spacious rooms with very friendly staff. Evening wine reception a very nice touch. Would definitely stay again.	
Mar 29 2008	Great Customer Service-Poor noise control	My Husband and I enjoyed a 2 nite stay. We arrived at 1 pm tosee if we could get an early check in. They told us there was aroom on the 2nd floor but if we wanted to wait until 3pm we wouldbe able to get a room on the 8th floor with a great city view. We have stayed at the Marriot and Hilton downtown and this was thefirst time we had a great city view-quite nice. The staff was incredibley helpful-much more so than the staff at the previous mentioned higher end hotels. It is about a 10-15 minute walkdown to Union Square. We walked down Polk street and founda great fresh seafood place called &quot;The Swan Depot&quot;. It servedfabulous crab salads. Go before or after the lunch hour because it apparently serves locals and the line is literally out the door.The only 2 negatives I have for this hotel is 1) it is about a 7 blockdownhill walk to the action at Union Square so conversely it's uphill the way back and 2)this hotel must be by a firestation orsomething because sirens were constantly going off-bring ear plugs. But again the staff was so pleasant and helpful that it leaves a good feeling about the stay.	
Mar 27 2008 	This place will give you so much for the price!	I was going to use one of the travel search engines but the hotel met their price! This place is so lovely but the people behind the desk are what makes it really special. I asked one the building employees what nationality the place was connected with and he said &quot;all of them, we're international.&quot; The room was neat and clean when we arrived and we were able to check in a little early. The Saha serves a great breakfast and dinner. It is only pricey if you order a lot of ala carte like we did. There can be some traffic noise so ask for a higher floor if its available or best idea is to wear earplugs! It is just north of a not so great neighborhood so ask for advice from the guys at the desk. We were so pleased with Edgar and Romuel. Tell them past guests really love them!	
Mar 25 2008 	Simply amazing...	Well, how to describe the experience at the Carlton?I booked a room for my parents who arrived from France and it was my mom's bday. The staff, especially Theo (merci, merci, merci) and Edgar, was wonderful. They did all their best to make my parents stay enjoyable. The wine reception at 5.30pm is such a great idea, you relax in the lobby, near the fireplace, enjoy a glass of wine, or 2...The room was perfect, nothing fancy,but the essential. Eco friendly place with such a great location.I will definitely stay there next time. The Carlton joie de Vivre deserves its name, everybody there is full of 'joie de vivre'Thank you!	
Mar 22 2008 	Great value great hotel	My wife and I stayed here for 9 nights during an extended business trip. This is a really nice hotel for the price. The staff is friendly and helpful. Our room was small but clean and comfortable. Good wi-fi connections throughout the hotel. Restaurant on-site and some decent eating places nearby -- try Brick next door. We'd recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a moderately priced hotel in SF. We will definitely be back.	
Mar 22 2008 	Excellent service - great hotel at a great price!	We just returned from a 4-night stay at the Carlton Hotel in San Francisco. It was great. The service from the staff was exceptional, the complimentary daily wine reception was a nice touch as well. The rooms are really nice, including the bathroom. The hotel is very clean and the food in the restaurant (at least for breakfast when we were there) was so good. Try the french toast with the fruit syrup! Our only complaint was the service in the morning at the restaurant - they only had one server each day so you had to wait quite a while to eat. The best thing is that I responded to their customer service survey and received a personal response within a few hours! Theo and Edgar were great and the entire staff takes great care to make sure your stay is up to your expectations. I would definitely recommend this hotel. It's a 5-block walk to the cable car and Union Square, but there are things to do and see close to the hotel too: shopping on Polk, restaurants all around, coffee shops, movie theatre within walking distance, etc.	
Mar 21 2008 	Comfortable hotel	Friendly, comfortable hotel with free wine tasting every evening in the reception area. easy access by public transport to all sights of interest. Good value for money - we booked on Travel Republic - they had a better rate than the hotel's website.	
Mar 19 2008 	Awesome Hotel Overall	Almost everything was great! I just wished there would've been a window or fan in the bathroom. Not a huge deal and I would definitely recommend this hotel to everyone and we'd definitely stay there again.	
Mar 16 2008 	Great Place Wonderful Staff	We just back from staying at the Hotel Carlton for 3 nights and absolutely loved it! We have been to San Francisco many times before and really enjoy staying in small boutique hotels such as the Hotel Carlton.Staff and Service: Exceptional! The front desk staff, especially Theo, were outstanding and very informative. They helped us find restaurants, sites, and spa treatments. They even brought up a mini-refrigerator for our left-overs from dinner. Theo offered to re-heat the left-overs for us in their staff microwave if we wanted for the next day. We really enjoyed the staff at Hotel Carlton. We felt like we were staying with close friends.Accomodations: The hotel is old but nicely renovated and is designated a &quot;green&quot; hotel I believe. There is a recycling bin in the room which is nice and makes it easy to recycle. There are no small toiletries in the bathroom (waste of plastic). Instead they have shampoo, conditioner, and soap in a plastic dispenser on the shower wall. The heat is centrally controlled and turned on at 8 PM throughout the hotel just for your information. The bed is comfortable and the room small but quaint. Beware you can hear traffic such as sirens often but all in all it was not bad.Restaurant and Evening Wine Reception: We loved their evening wine reception at 5:30 PM nightly. It was lovely to see guests lounging around the lobby sipping wine. There are games, books, and magazines to peruse while sipping wine. The restaurant (The Saha) we heard from other sources outside of the hotel has good Arabian fusion cuisine.Overall: We would definitely stay there again! By the way, parking across the street is $20 per 24 hour period and we had no problems with our car. Happy traveling!	
Mar 13 2008	Hotel Carlton	I found the Hotel Carlton when looking for a nice place at a reasonable price. In San Francisco that's not easy! Right away front desk people were fun, helpful and efficient. The room was nicely decorated and comfy. When the time came to return to San Francisco, I reserved a room there again. My fiance was celebrating his birthday and the staff decorated our room lavishly with balloons, cake, wine, party hats special colored lighting.. Again, the staff did everything to make it all work perfectly. Then I went back for a quick getaway with a girlfriend. Everything went perfectly and the guys were fun and helpful. I like the &quot;green&quot; aspect of the hotel's policy. I recommend the Hotel Carlton!	
Mar 11 2008	overall very nice	Location of this hotel is very good. About a 8-10 min walk to Union square, in a safe part of town. Lobby and room was very nicely furnished and clean, and the staff very friendly but proffessional. The only possible problems with this hotel is that the front street can get very noisy during the night, with rubbish collections and deliveries etc, so if you're a light sleeper ask for a room at the back. Also our room had an interconnecting door to another suite which i initially disliked, but in actual fact was not a problem at all. Rarely heard any noise from the other room, maybe it was empty?!The hotel restaurant is good too. We only ate breakfast there once, but it was tasty food with relaxed service, and reasonably priced for a hotel restaurant.Overall i'd recommend this hotel, and would visit again. We paid £192 (inc all taxes) with Expedia for 4 nights, which is quite a bargain in retrospect.	
Mar 5 2008 	good location but unorganised	Stayed at the hotel Carlton for 1 week in october. The price was reasonable, however we stayed in 3 rooms in that week. We wanted 2 singles, but for 2 nights they were 'unavailable' so we were moved around rooms with double beds. On one occasion there was a couple at reception complaining that they had 2 single beds when they wanted a double, but we were unable to swap with them.Apart from the trouble with the rooms, the location was fantastic, only a quick walk to union square and the staff were polite and helpful.	
Mar 5 2008 	Nice and simple	This hotel had everything we needed. We only stayed one night but the price was right and the staff was helpful. It is an older property so there was a lot of ambient noise, but that was to be expected. Be aware that it will cost $30 to park your car, even if you self-park.	
Feb 25 2008 	Great Location!	This is another great Joie de Vivre property. The hotel was built in 1927 and has been nicely renovated. The rooms are small, as one expects in a building this age, but very well appointed. Hotel staff was very friendly and customer service oriented as is the case with all Joie de Vivre hotels.Excellent location a few blocks from Union Square. Easy walking distance to the Embarcadero, the Opera House, City Hall, etc. On-site restaurant, Saha, serves very interesting Middle Eastern cuisine even for breakfast. Service was a bit iffy but the staff were all brand new and very anxious to please.Outstanding value for downtown San Francisco. We will definitely be back!	
Feb 20 2008 	The best place to stay!!!	I have stayed at the Carlton on three separate occasions in three separate seasons. The staff there is amazing! They are kind and courteous and always willing to lend a helping hand whether it's directions to the nearest great place to eat, shopping, or citywide functions. Every visit has been more superb than the time before and I will continue to recommend the Hotel Carlton to anyone traveling to the bay area. Theo, Johnny and the rest of the staff continue to welcome us with open arms upon our arrival and make our stay a terrific one! Hotel Carlton-THANK YOU!	
Feb 18 2008	Really nice hotel	I spent a couple of days at the Hotel Carlton late last year. During that trip I stayed in 10 different hotel and this was my favorite. Its a great hotel with classic style. The facilities are simple, but certainly everything I needed was there! I had a great time.	
Feb 9 2008 	Would probably stay again	My best friend and I were travelling to various different cities and so were on a bit of a budget. We decided to book this hotel due to its good reviews and relatively low price.When we arrived we were told that there was only a double room left for us even though we had booked a twin. Wasn't a major problem as we were so tired anyway! We were so thirsty from walking from the BART station so were a bit disappointed to find that the drink machines were broken. Also, our room was situated beside the restaurant and it was REALLY noisy at night. Aside from this, everything was great. Room was very clean and tidied every day. Staff were excellent and helped with questions/directions etc. They were very good at recommending things to do and were were helpful with booking tours/transport etc. We never got the chance to attend the wine reception in the lobby but it seems like a really nice touch. There were quite a few homeless people around the area of Sutter Street/Union Square but none were ever threatening, and if anything, were very friendly! The next time I'm in this brilliant city I would definitely keep this hotel in mind. I would perhaps search for a hotel in a different location (just for a different experience) but I would have no problem staying at the Carlton again.	
Feb 4 2008	Tasteful Room Great Staff Good Value	This is an older hotel that has been updated tastefully, while keeping the character of the old building (something that hotels rarely do, in my experience). The room was very nice and clean, although a tad small, but this is no big deal in a large city like San Francisco. The lobby was actually a nice place to hang out and visit with friends. The staff were extremely nice and helpful, even volunteering to print out my boarding pass for me at one point, and offering me chocolate cupcakes at another point. This place is a bit off the beaten path, but it is adorable and a good value.	
Feb 2 2008 	Best Experience	This was my first time traveling to the west coast. I was attracted to the Hotel Carlton because of their claim of being GREEN. This was a huge plus for me. They provide a recycling bin, natural soaps and dispensers in the shower of your shower gel, conditioner and shampoo. Great idea to cut down on the waste of those little travel size bottles. Theo greeted us at the front desk and was extremely helpful with a warm sense of humor...we learned he can jam on the keyboard as well during the hotels complimentary wine in the lobby (5:30-6).Our room was perfect, very spacious closet and the bed was comfortable. I would say it's easy to hear people in the hallway and next door (wasn't a huge problem). You are within walking distance of some great places to eat, I felt safe walking around at night. My favorite coffee place was just a few blocks away, Quetzal (organic and fair trade). You run into your occasional homeless individual but it's the reality of a big city, no big deal. When we decided to cancel our reservation at the Travelodge and stay an extra night at the HC, Gio hooked us up by meeting the price at Travelodge and putting us up on the 8th floor with a great view of the city. It was really ridiculous how great a stay this was. Everyone had a nice attitude and made us feel comfortable and welcome.	
Feb 2 2008 	Precious hotel a rare find	I have stayed at the Carlton two times already and I highly recommend it. It's one of those rare hotels that are tastefully decorated without being a snobbish boutique hotel. Nice rooms, nice lobby, all very cosy but not over the top. Both times I stayed I got very good rates, and on the second time I had a corner room on a high floor that was really nice. The bathrooms and the architecture have that early 20th century feel that I like very much. The only downside is that the Carlton is located very near/in the Tenderloin district, an area that houses its share of pushers and bums. But if you walk in the right direction, and avoid a few streets, there won't be any problems.	
Jan 27 2008	hey this rocked	i had a personal trip to san fran and expected to pay top dollar to stay in the city rather than in the greater bay area. based on this review, we stayed at the carlton and i gotta say.. for the price and location, this can't be beat. good, friendly staff and free wi-fi. fancy ol restaurant next store.towels could have been thicker but hey, cant complain	
Jan 26 2008 	Great hotel	I only stayed for one night, but my experience with this hotel was great. I was in San Francisco for my birthday and on check-in was pleasantly surprised with a cake and 2 bottles of wine! I have never gone to a hotel that will do that! The staff was very friendly. We checked in late but didn't have any problems with that just a questioning staff member on why we were late. Checked in at night and felt very safe. I didn't have any problems with noise that night at all. I was able to find street parking, but valet parking is available for a price. The nice thing is that they have a complimentary evening wine reception where you can mingle with other guests in their cute lobby. I would definitely stay here again as it's a cute hotel with great value.	
Jan 24 2008 	Great for Us	We stayed at this hotel the last weekend of 2007 to attend a Bowl Game. We booked the hotel as part of an Alaska Airlines Vacation Package. We were not disappointed. Upon a late evening arrival we were greeted by cheerful staff. Everything around the hotel was closed and the staff brought us a complimentary bottle of wine which we enjoyed with our travel companions. This is an old hotel, but has a lot of character. It is clean and our bed was comfortable. We enjoyed being on the back side, not on the street and having our window open for fresh air and not having to listen to the noise of a heating/air unit. Being on Sutter Street, we walked to the main part of town often. We had breakfast in the restaurant and it was very good. We enjoyed the evening wine event one night. The lobby is very cozy and there are many places to sit and visit. Know that this hotel is old and the walls are paper thin. I think one thing the desk could do at check in is to advise people of this. You really have to use quiet voices. So if you don't like to do this, then you probably would not enjoy your stay. Again, friendly, helpful staff that truly make you feel welcome.	
Jan 24 2008	Felt At Home	Hotel Cartlon, parked my car, greeted me with not only a smile but a hoot of a concierge, gave us a cute, quiet room, and a phone call to check to see if everything was to our liking. It felt like home. We skipped out early to dinner and missed their complimentary wine, but the lobby was warm and inviting and next time we'll slow down a bit. All for around a $100 bucks.	
Jan 22 2008	Okbut walls are too thinreallyand some rate tricks too.	Stayed is this hotel before and never noticed this thing,maybe we were just lucky not to have noisy neighbors. Not this time,we had 3 asian girls very loud in the room nearby.They gave us a corner room with two windows wich was nice and roomy. The first time we stayed here we could notice the hotel was just been renovated. So far,after only 3 years,the places start to show some age.Another very bothering thing was tha mandatory $1.00 per day on you final hotel bill as a donation to somebody.... Of course you have the choice to put it off,but still bothers me a lot as I am not a donation type of person.	
Jan 21 2008 	Super Cute 	I took all the recommendations and comments from Tripadvisor in order to select the Hotel Carlton in SFO and it certainly lived up to all the opinions of my fellow travellers! Yes, the rooms aren't large, but they were very cosy. It was like visiting a friend's home, so of course there was no mini bar fridge in the room either. Noise is a factor, but that's because you are in the city so noise is inevitable! It didn't bother me at all, since i had expected it (from the reviews)!The heater noise was a bit frightful, but the hotel staff fixed it immediately and brought up a portable heater, which suited me fine since i'm not a big fan or aircon heaters anyway.The service was very personal and impeccable. The wine tasting from 5.30pm - 6pm is more like FREE wine in front of the fireplace!! I loved that extra bonus not to mention the free wireless internet! This hotel is the perfect place for holiday travellers who want a nice clean quaint place to stay in the heart of the SFO. I have no hesitations in going to the Hotel Carlton again!	
Jan 19 2008 	A nicely appointed room in a charming hotel	I had a great stay here for four nights surrounding the New Year 2008. My girlfriend and I stayed in a room on the 7th floor. It was small, but clean, pretty and relatively quiet. Do bring earplugs (as you should on any trip) since the soundproofing is not so great as to block out all hallway and street noise. Since we were there on New Year's Eve, there was a bit of street noise, but we went expecting it and it was fine.There were transvestite street walkers visible out the window and a number of meth-addicted bums on nearby streets, but they'll leave you alone for the most part. They have a nice restaurant called Saha on the ground floor. Try them out for great Arabic fusion food at a decent price.Parking was available at a lot across the street.Sorry, no photos of the hotel, but here are a few more of san fran.If you want to spend a little more money for a MUCH nicer experience, read my review on the Union St. Inn.	
Jan 14 2008 	Wonderful Experience!	I have nothing but good things to say about the Carlton. We did not really know what to expect when we booked rooms for my husband and myself, and one for our two college age sons, except that it had good reviews, was moderately priced (by San Francisco standards) and was well located in the city. From the moment we entered the attractive lobby and were greeted by the friendly, personable staff, we knew we'd made a good choice.The excellent, friendly service continued throughout our stay. The managers had helpful guides to city attractions, and made very good suggestions for local restaurants and cafes. There were many great breakfast places within easy walking distance, and a small grocery store and a Rite Aide, as well. Taxi service was swift and convenient. The Carlton also offers a wine bar happy hour each day.The rooms were attractively furnished and immaculate. The hotel also uses green practices, conserving water and energy which we appreciated. Last but not least, the Carlton has personality. So many chain hotels feel generic, but the Carlton instead feels unique and privately owned, although it is part of the Joie De Vivre chain. Based on our experience, I would seek out their hotels in other cities.Overall, we had an excellent experience and highly recommend the Carlton!	
Jan 4 2008 	Nice property friendly service but oh-so-thin walls ...	We booked for New Year's Eve, and picked the Carlton due to a combination of the positive ratings we found online, and the price, which was higher than we'd normally pay for a SF hotel, but hey ! - it was New Year's Eve, and there weren't any bargains to be had anywhere else (duh !). The hotel itself was an older building that had been nicely redone; the room was spacious enough, with nice furnishings and some neat large shutters on the floor to ceiling windows. The bathroom was clean and also in good shape, but had absolutely no counter space. As we got on the elevator to head up to our room, another guest raved to us about how friendly the staff had been to her (it was her 3rd day there) and how nice the free wine reception was, so we felt like we had made a good choice. One problem that became apparent quickly was after the sun went down, the room got cold, and there was no thermostat on the wall, just a grate-covered radiator in the room. We called down to the desk to ask how we could turn the heat on, and they said it was centrally controlled, and would be coming on in about 20 minutes. When it did come on, it made an impressive hissing sound and did warm up quickly, but for the rest of the night, the room temperature kept changing between too cold and too warm, which was frustrating and uncomfortable.The big problem came when our night of celebrating was over, and we got back to the room just before 2am. We had noticed when we arrived that the guests looked to be on the younger side (mid to late 20's), (we're early 50's), but didn't think twice about it - that is, until the room next door just started warming up their in-room celebration about the time we tried to hit the sack. (and ironicaly enough, we had to sign a &quot;no parties in the room&quot; form when we checked in). We were then &quot;treated&quot; , thanks to the Kleenex -thick walls, to being able to clearly hear virtually every conversation, scream, and whoop of the neighbors, who kept partying on, until about 3am, when I had finally had enough and banged as hard as I could on our wooden bed headboard, and they got the idea and toned it down a bit. But waking up with a hangover AND a lack of sleep didn't exactly get the New Year off to a great start.	
Jan 2 2008 	Best Staff Ever!	Johnny Lopez and Theo McKinney at the front desk were the best. The wine reception was a welcoming treat for the evening. All the people at the front desk could answer any question about the city and offered several options on local eateries, etc. They were just very laid back and easy to chat with. The lobby area was very cozy too. It felt like you were at a friends house with comfortable furniture. It had several seating types and areas and a very welcoming warm fireplace too for those cold rainy nights. The rooms were very cute and so clean. The bathrooms were large enough to do meet your needs, and decorated simply but nicely. A lot of hotels offer simple, but not clean or clean but hideously decorated. This had the best of both worlds. The location is very close to many restaurants, the cable car and China Town. We went to a great local coffee shop near the hotel called Quetzal (spelling?) which had great organic coffee and a warm environment that you get with the old coffee houses that unfortunately Starbucks doesn't offer. Overall, I would stay here again because the staff was so great, the rooms were very cute and the location was desirable.	
Jan 1 2008 	A great hotel - would stay here again!	We stayed at the Hotel Carlton in July 2007 for 7 nights. We were getting married at City Hall in SF and our mothers were staying at the hotel too so we got to see a variety of rooms. On check in we told them why we were in SF and they upgraded us to the top ‘Everest’ floor which has a water cooler and fresh apples in the corridor everyday. Our room wasn’t huge, but we had no need for it to be bigger. As the other reviews state, you can hear your neighbours at times but this only really bothered us on one occasion. Street noise was unnoticeable except for the occasional emergency vehicle siren. Being on the upper floors the views were un-obscured and the windows both had screens, between buildings we could just see the bay. The room was light and airy.Our mothers were on one of the lower floors and their windows looked out at other buildings which wasn’t exactly pretty and made the room darker. But at the end of the day, it’s not as though our purpose in SF was to spend time in the room looking out of the windows! The sink in my mum’s room got blocked and on notifying the front desk they moved her and upgraded her room to the top floor to make up for the inconvenience.The reception desk staff were always very helpful, as mentioned in other reviews, especially Theo who always gave great service with a big smile. On our wedding day he arranged for a limo to take us to City Hall (paid for by the hotel) and on our return had placed a cake in a heart made of rose petals and a bottle of wine on the bed. It was so thoughtful and wonderful surprise to finish the day.We ate breakfast at the hotel restaurant, although found some things to be a little over-spiced for so early in the day. We also had dinner here and everyone in our party enjoyed their meals.The hotel isn’t perfectly placed for all of the sights, but it really isn’t that difficult to get about using the public transport. I would definitely stay here again and would recommend the hotel to others. My dad stayed at a hotel 2 blocks up the road which was roughly the same price and said that by comparison the Carlton was a much better choice.We later went on to Las Vegas and stayed in the pyramid at the Luxor. Whilst the room there was bigger than at the Carlton, we found the cleanliness, décor, comfort and particularly the staff at the Luxor, didn’t even compare to the Carlton.	
Dec 29 2007 	.........Hard to judge...	My mother and I visited the Hotel Carlton in November of 2007. We originally booked a 4 night stay, but only ened up staying two nights. One thing that all visitors need to know is that many of the non-luxury hotels in San Francisco are older and built to withstand earthquakes. The Hotel Carlton was an average to less than average experience. ..Let's start with the positve experiences....the hotel staff was friendlythe restaurant had good food and the best mango juicethe rooms were cleanNow, the not so nice things...Although we stayed on the top floor in a suite...the rooom was still itty bittythe elevator was tiny and oldthe hotel is in a moderately seedy part of town...although I liked the thrift store a few doors downthe outside noise and traffic can be bothersome...ie.e...car alarms at 12 midnight. Unfortunately, I have to just give it a C....	
Dec 29 2007 	Great Stay at the Carlton!	Great Hotel! Great staff! Friendly &amp; helpfull.Hotel neighborhood area is good ( had seen some other guests say it was not to safe),we walked around all night and had no issues in the neighborhood and felt safe.Hotel parking is great! Leave your car here &amp; take a cab or walk!Also book on hotel's website and get the parking package.We will stay here again!	
Dec 27 2007 	Great Value - Great Service!	This hotel is very nice. It's not a 4-star hotel by any means but it's terriric for San Francisco. The hotel staff is so nice and helpful. They helped us with airport shuttles, dinner recommendations and even printed out our boarding passes. The rooms are small but nicely done. The bathroom has been totally redone as well. The lobby is quite large with a cozy fireplace. The neighborhood is fine as far as safety but not too much going on. It certainly isn't Union Square but if you are looking for a safe, cozy hotel - and you dont mind walking a bit to get to things. . you will love this place.	
Dec 20 2007 	A nice hotel downtown	Everything was fine. Nothing to special, but a nice and friendly atmosphere and worth the money. We would stay here again.	
Dec 19 2007 	Great Service Neat Hotel	We visited California in mid October and stayed at the Carlton for three nights. If you require very posh, five-star hotels, the Carlton is not for you. However, if you are attempting a trip to the Bay area and don't want to completely empty your wallet and you want to have a great time, then I heartily recommend the Carlton.People who complain about the neighborhood perplex me. This is the heart of a huge city. It was busy but not scary. I wouldn't recommend going out for a walk at 2:00 AM, but then I don't do that in my neighborhood, either.What I loved: The restaurant was great. The lobby was cozy and they treat you to wine around 5:30 PM before you go out. The rooms were very nicely appointed and very clean. The staff bring you a six pack of Pelligrino complimentary or a pitcher of filtered water -- your choice. The staff were truly wonderful. Very kind and very helpful in every way. The bed was very comfortable.What I didn't like: The walls were paper thin. This is a historic building with plaster walls. I felt like I had to whisper to talk late at night and likewise, we heard exactly what our neighbors were doing just before dawn...! Overall, for the price and the location (walking distance to Union Square and a long walk to Chinatown), I would certainly stay at the Carlton again.	
Dec 15 2007	A Great Place!	&quot;Ask and You Shall Receive&quot; must be the secret phrase of this fabulous budget priced, but clean and lovely hotel. I booked on line and got a fantastic deal of $82-$89 per night. When I called direct and spoke to Emilie to confirm some details, she offered to upgrade us (no charge)! She and Theo and Ben and all of the other staff there go out of their way to give you everything you need. The room was cold, so they brought me space heaters. Free wine is served every night and they also bring bottles to your room. Can't decide between red or white wine, okay, take both! I mentioned it was a special occasion and Theo made balloons appear! I can't understand the complaints about the decor -- it's new and clean and has a modern and international flair with a bit of an IKEA/Target/Pier 1 look, but if you want leather or antiques, go pay $300 a night for it. The bed was comfortable, the room was reasonably spacious, what more could you want? Yes, it borders the tenderloin, but so does the downtown area! Don't be scared off, it was totally fine. Easy access to transportation, parking via the hotel or across the street. We walked everywhere, including through the tenderloin (and we were two women together) and had no problems.	
Nov 22 2007	ALL hotels should be run like the Carlton!	Having just returned from a four-night stay at the Carlton, I am bewildered at some of the comments in other recent reviews.We could not ask more from a hotel. The lobby/reception is lovely and welcoming. The rooms are simply, but tastefully furnished (I do not have a problem with a logo of &quot;HC&quot;... being Hotel Carlton - perhaps they should have said &quot;Hotel Bed&quot; instead?)There are regular comments about the 'paper-thin walls'. We never had any real problems (though jetlag may have accounted for this), aside from early one evening when we could hear other guests in the hallway.The free wine tasting in the lobby is a lovely way to start the evening - and to my less than expert pallete were good quality wines as well, giving you a nice introduction to the wines of the region.I found the maps and comments in the lifts/elevators quite charming/amusing/informative myself, but perhaps this is a matter of personal choice.We did not eat at the restaurant (as we already had a number of places we wanted to visit), but the scents and smells coming from there were lovely.As regards the location, yes, this is a city-centre hotel and yes, it does border on the 'Tenderloin' district. So - quite simply - DON'T HEAD INTO THE TENDERLOIN! The staff will provide you with a map showing where the Tenderloin starts (NB. the streets south of the hotel). As there are three buses that head along Sutter Street, plus the cablecar is just a few blocks away, there is no real need to walk anyway.But the real stars of this hotel are the staff (especially Theo, but I don't want to lessen the praise for anyone else). Everyone is friendly and cannot do enough to help.The hotel also supports local homeless children and we were more than happy to have a Dollar a day added to our bill to help this worthy cause. We also added an extra gratuity to the bill to say thank you to the great staff.Should, as and when we come back to San Francisco, we would stay at the Carlton without a second thought. If only it had a pool, it would be perfect.	
Nov 17 2007	Budget Hotel That Felt Like Target	First of all, let me say that the staff was extremely helpful and kind. They were the highlight of the one night we were there. One more item for kudos: a recycling bin in the room. The lobby is warm and inviting. A complimentary drink hour is held 5 PM - 6 PM. Beyond that, the hotel is sorely lacking. The elevators are tiny and plastered with pictures of maps. The artwork in the hotel seems to center on third-world countries. The headboard has an emblem that says &quot;HC&quot; it felt like we were at the headquarters for a charity. The linens and towels are economy, lighting in the bathroom is poor and the towel rack fell twice. I finally left it on the floor. There is no view to speak of. The furniture was ok. Kind of like someone's lake house that they found furniture for at a garage sale. If you have ever been in the &quot;World Market&quot; section of Target, you will know the style of this hotel.I would not recommend staying here unless you need to be in the city and cannot find anything else in your price range.	
Nov 13 2007 	Has it's Pros and Cons	PROS: Great location during the day. Friendly and courteous staff (everyone says hello, good evening, good night.) Room was a decent size and cozy. Free wireless internet (they have PCs available to use downstairs but usage is billed to your room). Staff tried to be as helpful as possible. CONS: Noisy at night and while we stayed apparently they were renovating a room so we woke up to banging and things being moved around. Neighborhood became shady at night. Staff could be a little more honest/straight forward. The bed linen had some holes in it from wear/tear. The room didn't have a heater (it wasn't freezing but my girlfriend likes the room to be a little warmer). Room had a small TV (20-24 in?) and no DVD player. Parking wasn't explained properly and in fact kind of got hustled.DESCRIPTION: We stayed in a Queen sized room (I forgot the exact name). When first arriving to the hotel I got a kind of run around when trying to find a place to park to check in. After finally checking in I was told I could park in the parking garage one block up overnight for 25$. This was a rip off because the parking garage itself advertised that it was only 20$ to park overnight and even worst there was a parking lot directly across the street from the hotel that was 20$ to park over night. But I blamed myself because I didn't look closely enough at my surroundings.The room was nice with the exception of the holes in the sheets. The holes seemed to have come from rips or the sheets being caught on something.We were hoping to watch some DVDs that we brought with us but there was no DVD player but that’s no biggy.I don't know if the walls were thin but you could easily hear other's conversations. Also the days we stayed there I'm assuming they were renovating the room next to ours because we woke up to loud banging noises that sounded like they were moving furniture and/or working on the room.Finally the hotel is in a great location next to all conveniences you could hope for and more but at night there were male street walkers so you may want to be wary of taking your kids out at night.OVERALL: I would say the hotel was a great place to stay for the price, especially considering some of the other ones I've seen, but it would be my last choice for what I would consider to be a 3-4 star hotel. Double check where your room would be located and make sure there not renovating next to it and park across the street instead of using the parking spots that they &quot;provide&quot;.	
Nov 6 2007	Great place would recommend it.	I stayed here from 26th October of this year for one week. I must say I was highly impressed with both the hotel and its location. It is only six blocks from the shopping area with Macys etc.(5-10Min Walk) The Staff were some of the nicest people I have encountered and I travel alot. They were very eager to help and Edgar who helped us with our bags was so pleasant. This hotel had what a lot of hotels lack. It had special little touches like putting wine in our room because we did not have time to get to the Wine gathering that they hold everyday. It's decoration was pretty and it was very clean. We got our bed sheets changed everyday. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a reasonable but excellent hotel. Well done to the staff of Carlton Hotel. You helped make our stay a great one.Martina Prendergast (Dublin, Ireland)	
Nov 3 2007	Loved the hotel	My husband and I stayed 2 nights at the end of a California vacation at this hotel. We try to travel on a budget but also like hotels with character. The Hotel Carlton definitely fits the bill! It's an old hotel that has been fixed up with tasteful decor. The room was clean and cozy. The staff were very welcoming and made you feel like a valued guest. They were very helpful with dining recommendations and accomodated all extra requests with a smile. Quality service seemed to be a top priorty along with recycling and their charity committment - very impressive. There are several Zagat rated restaurants ( within walking distance and a couple of breakfast cafes down the street. We would absolutely stay here again.	
Nov 1 2007 	Reasonably Priced; Modest Hotel with Some Flair	I booked the first five days of my trip at The Orchard Hotel, but they were sold out for the weekend, and I had to move to the Carlton. The Carlton's weekend rate was the same via AAA that I booked during the week at the Orchard. For the price--during high season in the City--it was a good choice, but it definitely lacked the luxury touches of the Orchard. But to avoid comparisons, I'll review the Carlton on it's own merit.First of all, they've done a fabulous job with the lobby and the wine receptions, etc. The staff is really friendly and down to earth, and they were great about providing all the Joy of Life Club extras. When our welcome cosmopolitan cocktails failed to materialize, they made up for it with a whole bottle of wine. They also checked me in early and let me check out late on Sunday with no hassle. Loved that.Didn't try the restaurant, but the lobby was full on Saturday night of people waiting for tables, so I gather it's good. The food is Turkish or something along those lines.Our room was a twin, and while small, it was comfortable. No a/c, which wasn't a problem this trip, but I could see it being uncomfortable in warm weather. Luckily, the windows opened wide to nice city views.Our room (804) had a big walk-in closet, which made up for the lack of space in the room itself. The bathroom was tiny, and for someone with a lot of toiletries or makeup to spread around, it wouldn't be convenient. We managed, though.The beds were comfortable, although the linens are not the best of quality. Still, the decor is cute and eclectic, and these rooms are perfectly clean and adequate for younger clientele who are truly using the room as a place to sleep in between adventures within the City. The location, at the edge of the Tenderloin, is not as convenient as some other hotels closer to Nob Hill and Union Square, although you can still find public transportation within a few blocks. Hardier types might find the walk to Union Square and Chinatown do-able, but we're talking about 10-12 blocks up and down some pretty steep hills, each way. That's a long walk after a day of sight-seeing and loaded down with shopping bags or whatever. Overall, I think this hotel is great for younger singles, active travelers without kids, or active retirees...families would not be comfortable here, simply because there is no room to spread out at all. It's not particularly romantic, either--a bit on the spartan side for, say, a honeymoon hotel. But if you have limited funds and just really want to stay in the City, it might work for a couple wanting a romantic weekend on a budget.	
Nov 1 2007 	Highly recommended	This is a great find and I would not hesitate to recommend the Hotel Carlton.We stayed for 4 nights in mid-September and liked it so much, we went back for another night.All the staff were friendly, helpful and efficient, especially on reception.Our first room was spacious and had a great view. The second was much smaller and not much of a view at all but both were spotlessly clean, nicely furnished, very comfortable and well appointed.Like some other reports, we did have noisy neighbors one night but nothing too dreadful.The lobby is very nicely decorated with comfortable seating and a cozy fire for those chilly fall evenings. They even did a free wine tasting every night we were there!We did not try the restaurant but there are lots of good eating places in easy walking distance. If you are really tired, Brick, next door has some interesting dishes and great wines although it is not cheap. For breakfast we went to Thad's Cozy Cafe, just up the road. It's where lots of the locals go and it is cheap!We walked and travelled extensively during our stays and did not feel unsafe at all.With all this and such reasonable prices, I would recommend it to anyone. What more could you want?	
Oct 31 2007 	Good economical choice	I stayed only one night at the Carlton before heading to Sonoma County to visit some wineries but found it to be a good choice. Since San Francisco is a mecca for tourists, room prices tend to be very high and room size very small. This seemed to be fairly priced. I was on an upper floor and did not really hear any street noise. Very comfortable bed with adequate pillows and lighting. Could use additional electrical outlets in the room (I like to use curling iron or hair dryer at a desk rather than standing in the bathroom and had to be creative to find a place to plug appliances.) Also, there was a lack of counter space in the bathroom and electricity and water are not a safe mix. Breakfast was not included in my room rate but I did have a nice breakfast in the Middle Eastern restaurant and was quite happy with it.Desk staff were friendly and helpful. I would stay here again.	
Oct 30 2007 	Try another Hotel	If you like alot of noise, staying close to the line of not so safe neighborhoods, then this is the place for you. Read the reveiws before we stayed for four nights this month, October. They were not accurate at all except to expect noise and be sure to have earplugs. The staff is very nice and pleasant but they have to be or no one would probably stay here. Walls and windows are paper thin. You can hear EVERYTHING all day or night. Valet parking is $30.00 a night and they close between midnight and 6:30am. The beds are not comfortable at all. Linens are nice but you don't sleep on the linens. Sorry guys, nice try but I would not rec'd this place to anyone.	
Oct 29 2007 	Fab sweet little hotel !	it's a sweet little hotel, located very close to Union Square, and places along Sutter st. where you can find shops and restaurants ! kind reception staff, nice forniture, small room but nicely designed, cool walk-in wardrobe! Very good asian restaurant inside the hotel. I can advice you this hotel if you are looking for something cute, nice and not too far from the main area!	
Oct 28 2007	fantastic hotel at a great price	I stayed at the Hotel Carlton for four nights in mid October, as a solo female traveler I was a bit nervous about being ever so slightly out of the hub of the city but had a fantastic stay at the Hotel Carlton. Location - you can walk to Union Square in 15 minutes, perfectly safe but would recommend a cab at night if on your own. Buy a three day muni pass for $18 and catch the cable car (1 block away) and nearby buses to get easily and cheaply about. I always felt safe and there were lots of handy shops and eating/snack places nearby.Rooms - gorgeous good sized, spotlessly clean, modern and comfortable rooms with large bathrooms and a huge closet. I was upgraded to a top floor room with great views of the city. There is also free fruit, filtered water, tea and coffee. The bed was huge and comfy with lots of pillows and extra blankets if you needed them, a hairdryer, CD player and iron, plenty of towels and generous bathrobes. Lobby - a real fire, plenty of comfortable chairs and sofas, newspapers, books etc and best of all free wine every evening. A friendly, cozy and welcoming place to hang out.Staff - the hotel staff were brilliant. Nothing was too much trouble, any question you had, travel plans you needed help with, without exception you were helped with a smile and good information. Every time I entered the hotel I was warmly welcomed, my luggage was stored when I arrived early and left late, they booked my airport shuffle and I was asked a number of times if everything was to my liking. The staff obviously got on well and were happy in their job and it showed, they were the nicest I've experienced in any hotel - not one grump!Price - in a city where rooms seem to average $300 a night, I paid less than half this booking direct with the hotel and the value for money was excellent.There was only one downside to staying at this hotel and I don't know what they can do about it - the walls are thin and if you have inconsiderate neighbours like I did on the last night it can be very annoyong - watching Bruce Willis movies at 6am full volume! Take your ear plugs and book at the Hotel Carlton for great prices and a smashing little hotel.	
Oct 25 2007 	Fantastic start to our honeymoon!	We spent the first 5 days of our honeymoon in the Hotel Carlton and we thought it was fantastic! The hotel has a lot of character, we really liked the reception area and all the comfy chairs!The service was first class, the people at reception were so welcoming and friendly and could not have been more helpful. Our room was a good size, spotlessly clean and we really liked the decor! We had a great view from our window, I think our room was on the 8th or 9th floor. We also had a huge walk-in closet where we were able to store our suitcases which meant werent tripping over them all the time! We ate breakfast almost every morning in the hotel restaurant and the food was great. We also ate there once for dinner and the food was delicious.We were a bit worried when we realised that the hotel was rather close to the 'Tenderloin' but we did not have any problems and we felt perfectly safe during our stay. We would highly recommend going on both the city tour and the napa/sonoma wine coutry tour which you can book at the hotel reception. We thoroughly enjoyed both day trips, particularly the one of the wine country as we really liked the tour guide, his name was Wolfgang.The hotel is a little out of the way in that you are not right on Union Square or Fishermans Warf, but we did not find this a problem at all. You can walk to Union Square from the hotel and public transport is great and very easy to use. I could go on and on about the Hotel Carlton! If you are thinking of going there - go! You will not be disappointed!	
Oct 24 2007 	Good hotel but bring your earplugs	We stayed at the Hotel Carlton for four nights in October 2007. After having read the reviews on this website I e-mailed the hotel in advance and asked them to allocate us a quiet room. Unfortunately I cannot remember the number of the room we were eventually allocated, but whilst we did not hear noise from other bedrooms, the noise from the street below during the nights was very loud. I do remember that we stayed on the eighth floor and our room overlooked the street to the side of the hotel rather than Sutter Street. I would recommend bringing ear plugs if you are going to stay at this hotel.Despite this, we enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Carlton. The room was spacious enough for us. There was a large wardrobe with ironing board and iron. There was a hairdryer provided and a radio alarm clock with CD player. The room was extermely clean and well serviced each day. The hotel is a 15 minute walk to Union Square, but is on a main bus route to a number of places. We purchased a travel card and got around a lot of places, including Haight Ashbury, Pacific Heights, Golden Gate Bridge by bus. The reception staff were very helpful when we asked them queries. The wine reception is a lovely touch which we appreciated after a hard day walking the streets of San Francisco.I would have no hesitation in recommending the hotel to people, as long as they take earplugs along with them for the street noise!	
Oct 19 2007	Some high and some low points - overall would not return	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights earlier this month. We selected the property based on positive reviews on this website and on balance, we were underwhelmed by our experience here. Here's what we experienced:High Points:- Friendly, warm welcome/check-in- clean, functional room with funky, modern decor- high quality linens, toiletries, towels etc- wine reception in lobby from 5:30-6pm Low Points:- 2nd floor room overlooking laneway beside hotel was exceptionally noisy and, laneway seemed to be a &quot;smoking area&quot; - cigarette smoke wafting up made it impossible to leave windows open and was so bad, we had to put the ceiling fan on high and open our door to let the room &quot;air out&quot;- Noise from lobby. Loud music is played in the lobby overnight and, into the early morning hours. Music carrys up the stairs to second floor and was clearly audible in the room. - walls are very thin and conversations from hall/neighbouring rooms were clearly audibleThe front desk attendant to whom we mentioned these concerns was unapologetic and simply acknowledged our feedback. I didn't ask to switch rooms given we only had one night left in our stay however, the overall experience would deter us from staying here again and, recommending this hotel to others.	
Oct 19 2007 	A great place to stay	The Hotel Carlton is such a great place to stay in San Francisco. I can't recommend it enough. Myself and my boyfried stayed there for 5 nights at the start of October. I can't think of any faults with this place. The rooms were clean and very nicely decorated, the staff were very friendly. Theo is great! It was my boyfriends birthday on the Tuesday before we left and when we got back to the room it was full of balloons. There was a disco ball in the corner, music playing and a bottle of wine. On the bed they had placed some chocolate muffins in a box with birthday candles on it. They also left a birthday card signed by the staff. My boyfriend was blown away - Have to say I think Theo gave him a better birthday surprise than me! ha. The hotel is very close to Union Square, where the main shopping area is- about 5 blocks. There is a really nice restaurant in the hotel for nights when you get too lazy to venture out. There is no bar in the hotel - however you can get wine and beer from the restaurant. The bar next door is really nice though - really nice atmosphere. We were very sad to leave the Hotel Carlton and we will definitely book in again next time we visit San Francisco - the only thing I would have changed is that we should have stayed there longer. Hats of to this place!	
Oct 18 2007 	Everest Floor not worth the money...	I have stayed at this property before and I love it. It is cute and funky. The rooms are small, but clean and the staff is always very friendly. They have wine tasting sometimes and a cozy lobby where travelers from all over the world connect.This last time I stayed on the Everest floor (it is the top floor that has been deemed &quot;GREEN&quot;). I wanted to do something good for the environment and also wanted to check out the remodeled floor. Well, it looked EXACTLY like the other levels except for the cool water filter in the hall and mass pump shampoo and conditioner in the shower. I liked the lask of waste, but come on, the room was directed the exact same- no remodel and for a heftier price tag per night.Next time I will save $40 a night and turn my lights off, use my own shampoo and stay in the same room for less while doing my part to chip in for the environment.	
Oct 16 2007	Loved it!	Superfriendly stuff: we had a problem with our reservation, and it was solved immediately. They were helpfull with restaurants and any other guidance. They even surprised us with a &quot;bed of roses&quot; in our room when they found out that we were on our honeymoon. Only minuspoint: walls are thin, bring your earplugs! Our room was right next to the levator and we heard the &quot;pling&quot; every time the elevator stopped on our floor...	
Oct 15 2007 	Personal Service Makes the Difference	When my Wife and I pulled up to the front of the hotel having driven through a pretty dodgy looking neighborhood not too far away, we were more than a little unnerved by what we were getting into. This hotel is a corporate preffered hotel for my company and we decided to stay here. We had a one night reservation. Once inside, our trepidation melted away. It was cosy and the staff were wonderful. As stated in other reviews, they were friendly, attentive and made solid suggestions for places to eat (including their own restaurant for breakfast Sun AM). The room was fairly spacious and comfortable with a good sized bed and quality linens. My Wife remarked that she felt like she was in Europe and it did have a very European feel to it to us. There is a very nice area in the lobby with couches and a fireplace. A good place to sit down, enjoy a glass of wine and meet your fellow travellers. I had mentioned matter of factly that it was my birthday this night and I was told that they offer a free bottle of wine for such an occasion. The staff asked as we headed out to dinner whether they could bring the wine to our room. I said 'that would be nice'. As we returned from dinner to our room, it had the bed turned down and a dozen heliu balloons hanging from the ceiling with party hats, noise makers and glasses for the wine along with a personalized birthday card. I was most impressed. They went over and above the call in providing this service. It was a really nice touch.I feel compelled to recommend this hotel with such tremendous customer service. This attention to detail should be rewarded and I would stay here again. Kudos to the staff for making this a memorable stay and birthday. The hotel is situated close to the local transit to get to Fisherman's Wharf or other areas conveniently. We walked around to find a dinner spot and we enjoyed Sushi Rocks (a recommendation from the staff again).	
Oct 15 2007 	Nice little Hotel	This is a nice friendly hotel. The rooms are not large but then may city hotels have smallish rooms. The rooms are nicely decorated and extremely clean. The reception staff were brilliant. They were so friendly and answered any questions with patience. On arrival we were given wine to drink and one night when the restaraunt was shut and we were unable to purchase drinks, the reception staff gave us two bottles of wine for free. The lobby area is lovely. We sat most nights after we had been out for meal and drank wine and mingled with other guests. We even played scrabble one night! The only tip I have is make sure you take ear plugs although I didn't hear any other guests in their rooms the noise from outside is fairly loud especially when a fire engine goes by. With plugs no probs! The reception staff will point you in right direction for evening meals and busses to local attractions etc. If you want a large deluxe hotel don't go here but if you want a small friendly well maintained, clean hotel within easy reach of most attractions then this is the one.	
Oct 15 2007 	Excellent hotel	I stayed here in October 2007. The staff are excellent and give you a heads up on what and where to go in San fran. This hotel is NOT near the tenderlion area and me and my girlfriend walked back from union square late each night with no trouble at all. I ran every morning from hotel and the area is round this hotel is fine. It takes about 10 min to walk to union square but there are cool little coffee shops on the way so it is a nice walk. The hotel is not nosiy and yes you can here people in other rooms but no more so than in any other hotel that I have stayed in. More impotantly rooms are very clean and comfy. Views from rooms are not great but was'nt really bothered about that. Can be nosiy sometimes in the morning when bin trucks come but hey your in a city so I guess thats normal. Overall very good hotel, SAFE position and 10 min walk fron Union square. Very nice reception area with free wine every evening. Enjoy.	
Oct 12 2007	Cartlon hotel is fab	We stayed at the Carlton hotel on September 8th 2007 for 4 nights and we loved it. The room was big, clean and comfortable, the linen was clean, bed was comfortable, and we even had a coffee maker in the room! The best feature by far at this hotel is the staff, they were wonderful, nothing was too much trouble, several times a day we approached the various staff with a map and questions of how to get to places, and every time they were more than helpful. Theo is one of the staff that stood out, he was lovely, but in fairness they all were, and the wine tasting is a great idea after a hard days sightseeing! We went onto to stay at the Luxor in Vegas, and the Sheraton Maui in Hawaii and whilst these hotels are great, to the staff you are another face, there is no personal touch!If ever i'm lucky enough to return to San Francisco i know where i will be staying!	
Oct 11 2007	Absolutely Amazing	This hotel impressed us in many, many ways. We were on our honeymoon and stayed in 4 different hotels throughout the Napa Valley, Sonoma, and San Francisco. While we stayed in some very nice places, this is the one that we will most remember. The room here was very nice - it was of a good size for the city, was extremely clean, the bed was comfortable with high-quality clean linens. The bathroom was perfectly clean though not very big, but it was perfectly functional with adequate water pressure, plenty of hot water, etc. House keeping did a fine job, no complaints here. Towels, like the linens, were very nice and very clean.What impressed us the most here was the staff. I can't say enough about the people who work at this hotel from the bellmen to the front desk reception crew to the managers. We dealt with Gio at check-in and Theo on multiple occasions for general city information, restaurant recommendations and reservations, etc. This guy loves what he does and he's very good at it - lots of hotels that charge a whole lot more could learn from this staff. When I made my reservation (10 months in advance!) online I mentioned that it would be for our honeymoon... when we checked in before I even mentioned anything we were told that our room was upgraded and we would be on the 8th floor with a view. That night we came to the room after dinner and found a big piece of cake, a card from the staff congratulating us, a bottle of wine (with glasses and corkscrew) all surrounded by rose pedals in a heart shape. We're not snobs and don't expect special treatment these days while traveling for a special occasion... but not a single other hotel on our trip even went as far as saying &quot;congratulations&quot; to us at check-in or anything, whereas Hotel Carlton went above and beyond at check-in, with the gift (at no charge of course), with insisting on special treatment for us when making dinner reservations for us, to wishing us all the best when we checked out. I'm a TripAdvisor regular... I'd read the reviews before I arrived. I was kind of expecting an excellent staff coming in based on the previous reviews... but I was even more impressed than I thought I would be.This is not a hotel that will knock your socks off from a luxury standpoint - but the staff is far superior to the fanciest hotels I have ever stayed at. I'm a Gold VIP member for certain chains and couldn't dream of this kind of can-do attitude. The lobby is nice, the common areas are clean and well-appointed. There's always someone available to help.To be fair, the only remotely negative thing I can say is that the walls are a little thin - but this is a hotel that has been around for a long time, it is very very well maintained and clean - and it has preserved lots of its character. At night things were fairly quiet on the inside, any noise came from the outside with general city noise. The evening wine reception was a nice way to meet members of the staff and other travelers -- lots of people staying here in all age segments and from all around the world. Location was great - I'm from a big city and know how cities tend to be. Sure the Tenderloin area isn't very far, but it's more than a couple of blocks away and there's no reason you'd need to pass through that area to go anywhere anyway. The hotel says it's in Lower Nob Hill - I support that claim. It's about 10-12 min walk to Union Square, central to many great neighbourhoods. Sutter Street has quite a few restaurants, bars, shops. We actually quite enjoyed Sutter Street. Anyway - I would recommend this place to anyone. We paid a price that almost seems too good to be true - and we were extremely impressed. A big thanks to Theo, Gio, and the entire staff. You guys really made for a memorable last few days of our honeymoon and we appreciate it. You'll be the first place we call next time we travel to San Francisco.Steve and Nicola	
Oct 10 2007 	Good place to stay	Very nicely-appointed hotel, super-comfy bed, thoroughly clean bathroom, extremely friendly staff. I think complaints about the room size are unwarranted - those people are probably not used to urban hotels, and for an urban hotel at that price, it's actually big! There's a large enough closet for storing your luggage and whatever else you acquire during your stay. The area is not as seedy as some reviewers think it is. I see more panhandlers/homeless people walking from my office to the subway station on the corner than I did walking around the area. Colorful characters do come out at night, but color is a good thing, remember that. San Francisco is not only about the bridge and shopping in chain stores around Union Square.Almost every review points out the noise - definitely wear earplugs when you sleep. You may also want to avoid a room by the elevator, the constant dinging got on my nerves in the mornings. We got a valet parking package, but you end up paying about $23 day in taxes! Taxes on taxes - oh to drive a car in California! I have no idea if that saved us any money when it came to overnight parking rates in general.	
Oct 10 2007	scary place to be	did not like this hotel when arrived given a map and told dont go to tenderloin area as there are drug dealers homeless e.c.t thereonly 4 blocks away . only hotel i have been to with no bar could,nt even get a cup of coffee or cold drink. Rooms are basic and if you are in one at front or side off hotel all you will here most of the night is police sirens .hotel staff tell you one thing one day when you go to book it the next day they tell you something completely different.(Taxi prices) Did not feel safe beening in this area.	
Oct 8 2007	Very 'San Franciscan'	We stayed there for three nights and thoroughly enjoyed it. We were particularly impressed with the staff, cleanliness of the hotel and the ambience. It was just what we thought staying in San Francisco would be like. e liked being able to open the windows... and certainly didn't feel unsafe in our room.The beggars are another story and America should be truly ashamed. How can a country that has so much, have people with so little? We were shocked by the number of beggars and the filth they lived in. When I was there I learnt about the wonderful relationship that the hotel has with the half way house/charity just next door. Well done everyone.	
Oct 6 2007 	Very nice Hotel	My wife and I chose this Hotel on the basis of reviews on here, and to be honest, most views were pretty accurate. We stayed from the 12th to the 19th of September, and booked as part of a 3 week tour of San Francisco, Vegas and Orlando through United Vacations (flight experiences are another story).On arrival we were greeted at reception by a cheery welcome, given guide maps and informed of the wine tasting in the evening (complimentary every night).The Hotel is an older property, but is maintained in very good order. Our bedroom was on the 7th floor, and we got the corner room, looking up Sutter Street. Traffic noise was in evidence, and the creche next door was audible, but was not a problem noise wise. However I agree that there is little sound deadening between rooms, but no worse than other Hotels we have stayed in. The room was always kept in great order by housekeeping, and in fact any staff we spoke to went out of their way to make us feel welcome (an alien concept in some Hotels).We didn't use the Hotel restaurant due it not being to our taste, but it seemed popular at all times.There were however plenty places to eat locally, and we never once felt intimidated walking around the area - we had been advised not to go to the Tenderloin area, so kept to It's fringes (you will find the homeless in any city nowadays) and were never accosted.With regard to situation within the City, the hotel is about 5 blocks from Union Square - an easy (for us) 10 minute walk. We also walked down to the Embarcadero, then along the front to Fisherman's Wharf one day, then walked directly to the Wharf another - not too far (again for us).We did however purchase the multi day pass for transport, and this was great as it covered all modes of travel ( we used this to get to Golden Gate park - but the museums are closed on Mondays).We experienced a spell of particularly good weather for our stay, and neither of us ever had more than short sleeve shirts on due to the warmth.To conclude, I would recommend this Hotel to anyone - it may not be the lap of luxury, but it is well run, clean and good value for money.Pete and Linda Sinclair Broughty Ferry Scotland	
Oct 5 2007 	Gr8 price clean rooms a little noisy at times	Very pretty boutique hotel, very helpful staff and clean.A little noisy at times from a creche placed next to hotel, however should really have been out of bed lol, occasional noise from ignorant guests arriving late, however none of that is hotels fault and all in all gr8 hotel.Rooms are adequate size and more importantly immaculate.best advice is get an omni pass for the bus and ride it as much as possible gr8 value	
Oct 5 2007 	My home away from home.....	I stayed here for 3 wks in April while my father was ill at a hospital nearby. I was very fortunate to stumble upon this lovely littel hotel as it became my home away from home....From Edgar the doorman to Theo one of the managers, everyone was fantastic.The staff are all warm and friendly and seem to know all guests by name. The 1730pm wine service in the lobby is an added nice touch as well so you can get to know your fellow guests.the Arab fusion restaurant is also excellent, Saha I think it is called. Very good cuisine and genorous portions. Very good wine list as well.The prices here are very competitive. It is only a 5-10min walk to union Sq but you are also close to Polk Gulch which has cute little bars/boutiques and cafes.Safety wise I never had an issue. It is just at the edge of the Tenderloin but totally safe but like anywhere, be careful at night.	
Oct 3 2007 	Very nice stay	We really enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Carlton. The room was large and comfortable. Huge closet. Everything was very clean. Maid service was never intrusive, yet our room was always made up when we came back. The elevators can be a bit slow during rush times, so a lower floor might be preferable. Tried the restaurant for breakfast and it was very nice - good service. Had coffee and was always kept filled and never pressured to turn the table. The area borders the Tenderloin, but Sutter street itself is perfectly nice. Many nice restaurants within walking distance. I've stayed in a lot of hotels on Nob Hill and - for the price - I don't think this one can be beat.	
Oct 2 2007	basic	Not in the best of area'sTook a walk early one morning and ended up being surrounded by homeless people	
Oct 2 2007 	Perefect Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the excellent Hotel for three days prior to travelling on to Alaska. The Hotel Carlton proved to be above average in helpfullness, friendliness, cleanliness. The front of house staff were excellent and helped to make our trip very memorable. We were very surprised to return one evening and find a lovely bottle of wine, cake and rose petals to celebrate outr 40th Wedding Anniversay, how thoughtfull is that! The restaurant was first class too. If you wish to make a trip to San Francisco then stay here you will not be disappointed. Special thanks to Theo McKinney for helpfull advice on the best way to get from the airport, both Theo and Marc went out of their way to help us. Many thanks again. The Packhams	
Sep 29 2007 	Great option	Had a great stay in San Francisco in the Carlton. Yes, its a bit of a walk from Union Square but you'll do plenty of that in San Fran anyway. Once you discover the bus routes you'll realise that you can get to Fishermans warf in 10 mins from a block away from the hotel. Rooms are on the small side (for USA anyway) but was tastefully decorated. Reception desk very helpful telling us where not to go after dark. Overall a good price for a decent San Fran hotel, from the UK I found the best rate with Lastminute.com.	
Sep 14 2007 	Great stay but the walls are really thin.	Stayed at the Carlton in July for three nights with my boyfriend. Great hotel, very friendly staff, reasonable prices. The only negative side are the REALLY thin walls. We were able to hear conversations and phone calls from our next door couple as well as other things. 4 out of 5 points for the Carlton!	
Sep 9 2007 	ZEN Hotel	Hotel CARLTON was a home away from home. We visited the west coast for the first time (co-workers from Virginia, outside DC). We loved the location, the restaurant, and everything else. It is a little noisy, even in the middle of the night (firetrucks, police cars with sirens, etc...), but what do you expect in the middle of the city. I would recommend it to everybody. Their restaurant is great also and the staff is very, very nice. We had a great time!!!!!	
Sep 8 2007 	Good value but stay somewhere else	My boyfriend and I travelled from London to San Francisco and checked in for 6 nights at the Carlton.It's a relatively cheap hotel and good value for money, in a fairly central location (if you don't mind walking - which is what you do in San Francsico anyway!).Our room on the first night was nice and clean and decor good, but we had the worst night's sleep due to noisy neighbours and VERY thin walls. Lack of sleep coupled with jet lag was not a great start to our stay! First thing the next morning we told reception our complaints and they were SO helpful and friendly and booked us into a different room and had all our luggage moved whilst we were out for the day. The second room was bigger and again nice and great decor - admittedly we decided to pay a little bit extra per night for this room (only about $10 i think) in the hope that we would get more sleep. Although our new neighbours were no where near as noisy as the first set, because of the thin walls we were repeatedly woken up from people returning to their room, or the plumbing of of an adjacent room's bathroom - and well, we just didn't sleep that well (which we should have done with all the sight seeing throughout the day!). It was fairly disappointing and we decided not to return to that hotel, as we had previously booked, after a week in Yosemite and Lake Tahoe.On the plus side, we thought the breakfast was great (although you can get it cheaper elsewhere) and the staff were so nice and helpful.	
Sep 6 2007	Fantastic stay at Hotel Carlton	I just completed my second stay at the Hotel Carlton. It's a fantastic hotel and great value. The customer service from the staff is always super friendly and super helpful. Upon our arrival we were offered a choice of wine as a welcome gift. We received a bottle, not just a glass!I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a reasonable, stylish hotel in the city. The only drawback is some of the surrounding streets are a bit sketchy, but the hotel is walking distance from Union Square and Chinatown.	
Sep 4 2007	top notch hotel	my wife and i recently stayed at the carlton hotel, sutter street, sanfrancisco for our honeymoon. we travelled there from vegas where we stayed in the mandalay bay which was stunning, however, the carlton beat it hands down. we found the service there much more personnel and meaningfull. the reception welcome was very relaxing but also very efficient. within 2mins of arrival we where checked in and also briefed on the local areas of interest. the free wine tasting between 5.30pm and 6pm each night was a great way to get guests to mingle. dont expect to get a dribble of wine you will get as much as you want! the rooms where very clean and the vallet parking and hotel location was excellent. if you stay here you will love it!MATTHEW RUSSELLABERDEEN, SCOTLAND	
Sep 3 2007 	Outstanding!	I checked out the reviews here before booking, and I was not disappointed. This place is NOT the ultimate in posh, but it is nice, clean, safe and an EXCELLENT value. Lots of Europeans stay here and it has that sort of 'travelling in Europe' vibe to it. Yes, the folks at the front desk really will go out of their way to help you and see that you have an enjoyable stay. Yes, there is a free wine reception in the lobby every day from 5:30-6:00 pm. They literally close it at 6 pm, so if you miss it, there's always tomorrow. I was hoping to meet other travellers and potential dinner companions at the wine reception, but it really does not happen. People just drink with their friends/relatives and very little socializing happens between people who don't already know each other. As other travellers say, this place is about a 10-block walk from things you might want to see downtown. I suggest familiarizing yourself with the bus routes, or bringing some really good walking shoes, or simply be prepared to unload lots of cash on cabs. The BART (metro) is not terribly far, however, BART does not go to all the places you might want to go in the city. Skip eating the overpriced breakfast at the hotel's 'Arab-fusion' restaurant - there are several cute places within 2 or 3 blocks serving breakfast. Internet access is $10/hour to use the hotel's terminals, or there is wifi but I think they charge for that too. I thoroughly enjoyed this hotel and would definitely go back.	
Aug 31 2007 	Words cannot express my delight but I'll try...	So where do I begin? My husband, daughter (15 month old) and I got the opportunity to stay at the Hotel Carlton for 2 nights this summer. We had several other stops planned on our jaunt across California, but we almost cancelled them all just to stay here for additional days... sad, but true...We arrived at ~ 1am because we had gotten lost and the 200 miles we thought would take 4 hours on PCH actually took ~7 :-( Anyway, the staff knew we were coming because I had called for directions while we were on our way. They arranged for valet (which was higly priced, no fault of the hotel) and helped us up to our room. When we walked in, there was a box of goodies and pink and blue balloons. Guess I should interject here that, on advice of the wonderful trip advisor members, I had told the staff during reservation, that I was pregnant and had trouble sleeping, so could they give us a 'quiet' room. Did they ever... We got the last room at the end of a hallway. Didn't hear a peep from anyone else. So, back to the initial entry into the room... When I saw the balloons and box of goodies (with the phrase 'cravings?' written on the top, and which included a decadent piece of chocolate cake, bagel chips, blue cheese stuffed olives, ear plugs, imported soda water, and several other little items) I thought my husband had just earned some serious brownie points. He just looked confused and I was like 'did you do this?'. he said no, so i looked sadly at the bellman and said 'i think we have the wrong room'. He just smiled and said no, that this was for us... I was blown away! Even in a 5 star hotel, I wouldn't expect something like this... I got a little emotional. I felt very treasured and welcomed and it just set the tone for the rest of my incredible visit. The room itself was smaller, but very, very adequate. The bed was super comfy and the closet was huge. The tub was a soaker and I probably took 4 or 5 baths while I was there. The view from our room was beautiful. There was not a single bad thing I could even think of to say about the place. The light fixtures were wonderful, the bedding was lovely, the place was incredibly clean. I am the type of person that usually gets let down because I get too excited about the prospect of something, but the reviews of this place didn't cover how great it was. The staff was top-notch. Just from doing a rudamentary business analysis, I don't see how this hotel can stay in business. The room rates are incredibly low, the staff is so great, that I know that they have to be paid very well in order to keep them (I mean, where do you find people this professional to work for what I would expect with a reasonably priced 3 star hotel?). Even in the resturant (where I waited while my to-go order was being prepared) the waiter came over and chatted with me about my trip and was just so friendly (and educated, he had a bachelors degree but wanted to do something different for a while, so he came to San Fran). The location was great also. Someone said something about a XXX neighborhood... huh? I didn't see anything like that. As in any big city, you should be cautious, but I never once felt unsafe. It also was close to the bus lines, so we never even took our car out of valet. Ok, I feel like i have raved long enough, but I still don't feel like I can convey how much I adore this place. I want to live here ;-)Thanks to the entire staff for making our trip so wonderful. When we're back on the West Coast, we'll be back to see ya'll...	
Aug 30 2007 	Clean hotel loud neighbours	Stayed in the hotel with my wife for a week. The staff at the reception is great. It is quite a distance to walk to the centre of San Francisco. The reason we chose this hotel because of the vicinity to the conference venue that I am attending and good offer on the website. The wall is extremely thin and one of the nights, our neighbour was loud and continued even though we told them to lower their voice at 12am! Overall, the reviews in tripadvisor convinced me to choose this hotel.	
Aug 26 2007 	Terrific Value Great Service Lovely Rooms	It is clear that whoever renovated this hotel and trained the staff knows what they are doing. First of all, the service was really outstanding; the front desk staff was very friendly, helpful, and accommodating. They clearly have been trained with a &quot;can-do&quot; philosophy, and they are very proud of this. It's so great to see people enjoying their work, and taking pride in being the best staff they can be. Second, the rooms are very large for SF and beautifully renovated, with the guest in mind regarding every detail: very large closets, very contemporary furnishings, shelves in the bathroom to place your personal items, and comfortable and beautiful bed accessories including the comforter, pillows, and a very plush mattress. The rooms appear to be very clean and highly maintained. There is also interesting and soothing pieces of art in the rooms and throughout the hotel. All this, including a great location, and the hotel has some of the lowest rates in the city. One of the best hotel values I have ever experienced. GREAT JOB! I'll be back!!	
Aug 25 2007 	Loved it!	Me and my friend checked in the hotel on August 15, 2007 and checked out on August 18, 2007. I was nicely surprised to find a spacious room with a nice size bathroom and a walk-in closet(something rare for SF). Everything was extremely clean!!! The staff was very friendly and attentive. The hotel has a cozy lobby with a fireplace and couches. In addition, the hotel is environment -friendly. The hotel is located in a very safe place, close to downtown and Union Square; however, it is a 30+ min walk to the bay. There is valet and self parking available in the hotel (something like $30/$20 per day). There is in/out up until midnight.Later on our trip, me and my friend stayed in a Ramada Limited hotel in Santa Cruz, CA ($150 per night) where the room was bigger but lacked the clean feel of the room in Carlton. Also, stayed in a Carmel hotel in Santa Monica, CA ($130 per night) where the room was tiny, very dated, and not as clean as the one in Carlton. Both of these hotels were same price or more expensive than the Carlton (paid on average $130 per night) and not worthed the money at all.I would definately recommend this hotel to everyone. You will enjoy your stay!!!	
Aug 24 2007	Best hotel ever!	We have traveled all over the world, and stayed at everything from 5-star palaces to dives for $2 a night--and this blew them all out of the water. First of all, the hotel is decorated beautifully. What could have been an otherwise mundane 3 star hotel is uplifted by thoughtful touches in every room--moroccan stools, beautiful paint on the walls, and inexpensive but cute furniture. Very boho/ethnic chic. Secondly, the staff is great. They were very courteous and with one exception, helpful with getting around San Francisco, and even the unhelpful person was nice. Third, the lobby is a great place to hang out. Don't expect much from the wine cocktail hour--the wine is not the greatest--but visually the lobby is quite inviting with beautiful fabrics on the walls, two fireplaces, and unusual and carefully selected furniture. Finally, the restaurant--we didn't get to eat dinner there, but the breakfast was good. I highly recommed the Yemeni Fouel, a soupy bean paste with poached eggs. They also have more American breakfast options like waffles. If you are looking for 5 star luxury with down comforters and persian carpets as doormats, this isn't it. But all things considered, I would call this the best hotel I ever stayed at. It's perfect for the former backpacker who has moved up in life, but I don't think others would be disappointed either. We got a good deal from the hotel website.	
Aug 23 2007	Great find. Superb service.	After another hotel in the neighborhood lost my reservation that was made four months in advance on their own website, I was forced to scramble the day before my July 12th flight to find another place to stay. Given the reviews I read here, I called the Hotel Carlton and was absolutely blown away by how well I was treated. The timing was too close to send me an email confirmation, but the reservation agent made sure I had the name of the desk manager who assured me that my reservation was all in order. When I checked in, I was treated as though I had been a long term client who booked ages in advance. I was given a great corner room that was quiet and had a great view. The room was bright, comfortable and charming.The location of the hotel was perfectly suited to my needs and it was nice to have a little restaurant in the same building that served breakfast, even though there were plenty of other restaurants nearby to choose from. The focus on service was exhibited by every staff member I encountered, from the bellman to the restaurant staff, the maids and front desk people. I even got a personal response from Theo McKinney, the Guest Experience Manager, as a follow up to my post-stay Satisfaction Survey. These folks exemplify the meaning of &quot;hospitality.&quot;This is going to be my regular hotel from now on for San Francisco.	
Aug 21 2007 	Simply Amazing - The Best - Many Thanks Theo and team	We stayed at the Hotel Carlton for 4 nighyts in Aug 07 - It is an amazing hotel and by far the best hotel experience I have ever had - Firstly many thanks to Theo, Marco and the whole team at the Cartlon they are whta make this place so good. I have stayed in many hotels across the globe and the staff at the Carlton are by far the best I have ever encountered - this is how customer service should be - they really are a credit to the establishment. The hotel itself is extemely well mainained, modern (trendy) and the rooms are excellent - the location is great a 2min walk from Hyde which will take you straight down to fishermans wharf or 10min walk down to Union square. I have read one review that says this is in the tenderloin IT IS NOT other higher price hotels are far closer to that area! the area was safe and a welcome break from Fishermans Wharf at the end of a day out and about. So to surmise please book this place you will not be disappointed it really is that good - Once again many thanks to Theo and the team you made our trip fantastic - the wine and flowers in the room were really appreciated - Keep up the good work.Craig and Amy - UK	
Aug 20 2007 	Excellent hotel in an excellent city	spent an amazing few days here when touring california. this hotel is extremely well places as it is a SHORT walk from the main heart of the city- union square, tours, theatres etc. as a city boutique hotel it is perfect, we were especially pleased with the level of service- we were unhappy with our first room so we were upgraded to a room with a marvellous view at no extra cost. there are stores for any supplies nearby also. san francisco was a highlight of our grand tour and i can think of no place better to soak up the atmosphere than at the carlton. excellent	
Aug 16 2007 	EZ Stay at Carlton	Hotel CarltonWhy is it a Good place?- very reasonably priced downtown hotel - we paid about $150 USD (including valet parking that was $30 extra) per night.- friendly, smiley and helpful staff that are very nice and polite.- clean rooms with excellent maid service.- free high-speed internet.- HBO and a decent selection of cable (yeah yeah who watches TV on vacation - this guy - sometimes... becase it beats the heck out of socializing with other guests in the lobby)- desk to work on in the room.- nice boutique feel to the whole hotel.What's wrong with the Carlton?- it's nearly impossible to say anything bad about the place because of the really friendly, smiley and helpful staff that are very nice and polite.... but I'm a bit of a jerk - so here are the cons anyway:- the rooms are very small (however, what the heck do you expect for the price in a major city, in a downtown hotel?).- you need a car or lots of cab or busfare money because despite being downtown there is nothing to see or do within a ten minute walk.- the bathroom in our room was a little beat up (still clean though) and the soap, shampoo and conditioner were in a dispenser mounted to the wall (like you'd find in a health club shower). This was a real inconvenience since my wife always takes the complimentary bath products from hotels. I found it quite difficult to pry the dispenser thing off the wall to take home. The front desk was again very helpful though and provided me with a flathead screwdriver to get the job done. - no gym - you have to pay 15 bucks to use a gym in the area. Having to pay 15 bucks and leave the hotel to find the gym was enough to convince me that I didn't really feel like working out.What's the deal with the guests chilling in the lobby?- For some unknown reason guests seemed to be always hanging out in the lobby... eating pizzas, sitting in front of the fireplace, drinking beverages, talking to each other, and reading the coffee table books.- I guess this is one of those things that makes the hotel feel super &quot;boutiquey&quot;?- MAYBE IT'S BECAUSE:- the rooms are really small; or because they serve wine at 5:30 p.m. for free in the lobby and people mull around til midnight; or because the staff are very friendly helpful, polite and super nice.- OR : - travellers on a tight budget?- thought it was weird but then again I'm not into bonding with other hotel guests.Overall - a solid place to stay in San Francisco - all my complaints are pretty superficial - I'd go back and stay at the friendly Carlton. It is what it is and for the price I think it would be difficult to find a better hotel.	
Aug 15 2007 	we LOVED this hotel!!!	My husband and I just got back from a 6-night stay at the Carlton, and we absolutely LOVED the hotel. The staff couldn't have been more friendly or helpful, going out of their way to make sure our stay was pleasant. The room was perfect...unlike the corporate hotels...very cozy and clean and the perfect size. Just a short walk from the trolley line and Union Square, but just off the beaten path. PERFECT location! We will definitely stay there on our next trip to SF, and highly recommend the hotel without reservation.	
Aug 13 2007 	What a great experience!	We stayed at this hotel this past week-end and had a wonderful stay. I have nothing bad to say about the hotel. It was very clean and comfortable and everyone at the hotel was really nice and helpful. The location is a few blocks away from Union Square / Downtown but still felt safe. Lots of activity even at night.A few recommendations - definitely visit Sears Fine Foods located few blocks away from the hotel (check their website) for great food. Also Japan town is only a few blocks away (lots of buses available from the hotel) and is really nice with lots of Japanese shops and restaurants.Will definitely consider this hotel again for our next trip!!	
Aug 13 2007	Great Boutique Hotel !	If you are seeking a well priced, well located hotel in San Francisco that pulls out all the stops in friendliness, amenities and customer service, you can't beat the Hotel Carlton on Sutter Street. I travel quite a lot domestically and internationally and found the Carlton a most delightful surprise! I'll definitely stay there the next time I'm in San Francisco.	
Aug 10 2007	I LOVED this hotel!!!!!!!!!	We booked the room two days before we arrived. We read all the great reviews and figured for the money, why not try it.I loved the hotel!!! It was small but very cute and cozy. The rooms had a ton of character and a HUGE closet!!!!The staff was amazing. We asked for a roll away and it was there before we could blink. The rooms are centrally cooled and heated and when we called because it was a little cool, they had a space heater there within 3 minutes. Amazing service!!!!!!This is now my first choice of hotels for SF. And it's close enough to everything that you can still walk on a nice day.	
Aug 7 2007 	Honeymoon Jaunt	Great location, staff excellent as previously described. Excellent bar/eatery next door left out the front door. Go for the more expensive rooms for free internet.	
Aug 5 2007 	Three Night Stay at the Hotel Carlton	My boyfriend and I stayed three nights at the Hotel Carlton in San Francisco and found the hotel to be average. We read a number of reviews of the hotel on trip advisor and decided to give it a try. As other reviewers have commented, this hotel is very &quot;basic&quot;. My boyfriend described the decor as &quot;furniture from Goodwill&quot; and we had a view of an graffiti scribbled parking lot. However, the room was clean and the staff was friendly. In addition, the entire hotel is non-smoking and there is a cute lobby/living room area with a fireplace. Other reviewers complained about noise from adjacent rooms and I agree. We could most definitely hear our neighbors talking and one morning were awakened by loud banging coming from the room next door. In addition, we would frequently hear staff talking loudly in the hall. Overall, the hotel is adequate (2 stars) - not a &quot;nice&quot; hotel. We paid $120 per night which, for this time of year, is about the best centrally located hotel we could get for this rate.	
Aug 5 2007	Great Value 	We stayed here for one night and will definitely be back! Lobby was light and modern with lots of comfortable seating - and a nightly wine reception from 5:30-6:00. A lot of fun to gather with the other guests over free wine before heading out for the evening - and a most unexpected perk from such a well-priced hotel. Room was clean and comfortable, enjoyed the modern yet historic 1920's feel of the place. We purchased the overnight &quot;parking package&quot; and the hotel gladly held our car &amp; baggage after checkout the next day so we could go enjoy the city for the day. Service was friendly and accommodating (recommended a great little restaurant near our theater). We enjoyed the location being in a clean neighborhood within walking distance (1/2 mile?) from Union Square and the theater we were headed to - but away from all the madness and bustle of the tourists. No complaints about location - felt it was safe and quiet. Will definitely stay here again, can't think of any negatives at all!	
Aug 4 2007 	Perfect choice for SF	My girlfriend and I recently stayed at the carlton for 5 nights after a 4 week drive across the US and couldn't have picked anywhere better. The hotel is modern and clean, our room was large with a comfortable bed, excellent bathroom and a very large walk in closet (with safe). The staff couldn't have been more friendly and helpful. And, contrary to other reviews, we found nothing wrong with the neighborhood. We used a nearby store, laundrette, hairdresser and breakfast dinner. And we walked home several nights the couple of blocks from union square without any hassle. Would definitely recommend to any european travelling to San Francisco looking for a good hotel at a reasonable rate.	
Aug 4 2007	Thank you Theo	I have worked in a lot of hotels as a receptionist and I have to say the team at the Carlton could put anybody to shame. My partner and I were feeling stressed out when we checked in (driving in SF is a nightmare, particularly for UK drivers who don't know where they're going) and Theo (the receptionist) put a smile back on both our faces, he was just very very good at his job and so friendly! He happened to notice that i was going to be turning 30 the next day (ID required to check in) and wished me a happy birthday, which I thought was very nice and I certainly didn't expect more.. but when we returned to our room that evening it had been decorated with balloons and there was a bottle of wine, two glasses, and a piece of chocolate cake sitting on the table, talk about amazing customer service and going the extra mile! Things you hear about all the time in the hotel business but are never really put into practice, not to that extent anyway! The hotel itself was nice and clean, look like it had recently been refurbished and everything in the room worked: shower, tv, hair dryer (proper one) safe etc. It is also within walking distance of a lot of bars, restaurants and Union Square. We loved it and would definitely stay there again as it is a great hotel, Theo just made it extra special for us. So I would like to say thank you.	
Jul 29 2007 	Interesting Hotel Bad Location	My wife and I stayed for one night at the Hotel Carlton in June. Like many older hotels in San Francisco, the Carlton offers an interesting view into the city's architectural history (built in 1927) with contemporary and stylish interior design. The front desk staff was courteous and helpful, and in the late afternoon glasses of wine were offered in the lobby to hotel guests. The best part of the stay was the amazing restaurant Saha on the first floor of the hotel. Saha specializes in Arabic-fusion cuisine, and everything we ate and drank was outstanding. That said, there were a few problems with the hotel. The bathroom door would not close completely (the latch was too short) and there was no screen on our eighth-floor window, which left my mildly acrophobic wife a bit terrified when she stuck her head out the open window to see an eight-story drop into an alley below (those with children beware). Those are minor concerns, however, and didn't bother us much. More significant concerns were the extremely thin walls and the hotel's proximity to a hospital with an emergency room, which meant we heard extremely loud sirens throughout the night. The hotel also borders San Francisco's Tenderloin neighborhood, which is not exactly the most family-friendly. There are numerous XXX adult establishments near the hotel, and although we had great sympathy for the scores of homeless indidivuals we passed by, my wife was a little concerned for her safety on a few occasions.Overall, we thoroughly enjoyed the Carlton itself, but its poor location (noise and bad neighborhood) might prompt us to look for an alternative the next time we're in the city.	
