Nov 25 2009 	Fantastic stay - the best we ever had	We stayed here for 8 nights on our trip to San Francisco from Australia, and we absolutely loved it. From our arrival and check-in, to check-out, service was faultless and facilities were wonderful. We got a 2 bedroom apartment, with 2 bathrooms, and a fully equipped kitchen. All appliances were state of the art, and our room also had a Bosch washer and a separate dryer, which was really helpful. The apartment itself was very spacious, with large windows, automatic blinds, 3 large high-def LCD screens, cable TV with 100's of channels, DVD players - as well as a gas heater in the living area! We loved it so much we wished that we lived at Fairmong Heritage Place Ghirardelli Square. Also downstairs, there are 3 or 4 Ghirardelli chocolate cafe's and shops, which were fantastic. There are several restaurants as well as specialty shops at the Square, and it's only a short walk from the Fisherman's Wharf itself. Staff were fantastic, with the concierge doing everything he could to accommodate to our requests, from in-room dining, to arranging a in-residence masseuse for my wife. The Maserati town car was absolutely fantastic as well, as it took us to Union Square, shopping areas, or other restaurants that are a just a bit too far to walk to. There's a guest lounge area as well, with a high quality pool table and daily breakfast in the morning. We loved it, and so will you.	
Nov 1 2009 	Splurge for convenience and space	Unsold timeshares being rented by the night at this point. Best points: HUGE space (12' ceilings, full dining room, well-stocked kitchen including wine cooler and dishwasher, living room with fireplace, huge terrace, enormous marble &amp; glass bath and ample bedroom, Bosch washer/dryer). Stylish decor and lighting. Nice staff, albeit young and not always practiced. Very convenient location - next door to Gary Danko, walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf and cable cars, right on bus line (N. Point St.) to GG Park. Could be better: not exactly soundproof, as evidenced by the small child upstairs (who lets a little kid stay up until 1AM?). If you want a foam pillow or other housekeeping service, ask them directly (seems to be a communications gap with the friendly kids at the front desk). If you pay the hefty extra for a &quot;bay view&quot; room, be sure to get the 3rd or 4th floor - otherwise, your bay &quot;view&quot; is between the other buildings in Ghirardelli Square (and the people in those buildings look right back into your bedroom). Overall, not really a Fairmont but still a great place for a break, especially if you prefer self-catering.	
Oct 20 2009 	Stay whilst you can	Stayed two nights in bay facing two bed appartment. Terrific views modern state of the art fixtures and fittings. Ghirardelli is busy during day but quiet at night however you can buy a one day pass for the trams and go to the terminus two blocks away getting on and off all day - great fun. The block is really time share, oops, shared ownership !, and so when enough sold will cease to be hotel as well so stay - whilst you can. Enjoyed 4 p.m. cheese and biscuits but this is mainly for time share sales but free for guests as is pleasant complimenrary breakfast.	
Oct 19 2009 	Amazing property	We just got back from our trip and miss the comfort of the Fairmont Heritage Place @ Ghirardelli Square. This is the most high-tech hotel room I've ever seen! Everything is new. The appliances are nice and the sound/tv/dvd system is great. Speakers and surround sound are integrated into the room. The staff made sure we had everything we needed....down to DVDs to watch at night. Everyone was friendly, helpful and attentive.The location is great....in a touristy, but pretty safe part of town.Our favorite thing was the linens...they were very soft and comfortable. We experienced some street noise on the second floor, but not enough to keep us awake. Being on a lower floor, our ocean view was partially obstructed by another building, but it wasn't a big problem. All in all, we had a great stay and would definitly come back!	
Oct 2 2009 	Fabulous at all levels	I travel frequently in North America on business and leisure and this is one ot the top properties I've ever stayed at. We we upgraded to a 2-BR suite (a friend of my wife joined us. They toured while I attended a conference). The suite was terrific: full kitchen with touches like a wine fridge; each bedroom had its own full bathroom; and twice daily maid service. From the professionalism and courtesy of the staff to the Maserati Quattroporte (!) available currently to drive guests within a 2-mile radius, it was definitely not your usual hotel experience.	
Sep 29 2009 	Extraordinary place great service incredible views.	My husband and I stayed here in late September. We loved the place and prefer it to all the other hotels in San Francisco.We have tried:The Four Seasons (hated it-noisy, pretentious and noir.)The Mandarin Oriental: (like it a lot, second choice, but it is in the financial district, on the top floors of a high rise office building. Hard to get away from feeling like you are going to work.The Omni: Nice hotel, nice location, nice rooms. Bad service.The Fairmont Ghirardelli Square is an all-suites hotel that is an historic building. It has great charm and large windows (with incredible views.) The rooms are extraordinary, with fireplaces, bay views, kitchens, family rooms, marble baths, large flat screens in the bedrooms and family rooms. They provide a continental breakfast with fruit and berries each morning (for free!) and cheese and wine in the afternoon (also free!) Outside there are large open terraces (with gas fire pits) to hang out on on beautiful days - overlooking the bay and the plaza of Ghirardelli Square.A block and a half from Gary Denko's Restaurant, Fort Mason Park, and on the National Maritime Historic Park we walked all over the place.I particularly like the antique four-master docked in the Maritime Park. Waking up to see that every morning was terrific.Very strong recommendation. Hard to beat this place, anywhere in the world.	
Sep 22 2009 	Can I Say Wow!	My husband and I tend to travel 1st class everywhere we go, but this hotel is in its own class. First of all, the service was IMPECCABLE! From the concierge to housekeeping, every face had a smile and a hello. Our &quot;room,&quot; a HUGE (for SF) upgraded 2-bedroom condo, was tastefully decorated with every amenity imaginable ... plush robes, soft slippers, fully equipped kitchen and, of course, the decadent Ghiradelli chocolates with our turndown service. We couldn't be more pleased until we walked out the front door. Talk about location, location, location! Everything was just steps away. And, if it wasn't, the towncar is standing by to take you to wherever you want to go. Note - the towncar is now a Cadillac v. a Maserati. Not biggy. Still plush and comfy.Tips: 1. Have the driver drop you off on the far side of Crissy Field, walk to the Golden Gate Bridge and all the way back. You won't regret it. 2. Wine/Cheese reception at 4 pm on the rooftop terrace is a must. Go for the view. Go for the firepit. Go for the interesting company.	
Sep 15 2009 	Best service ever!	Really nice place, perfect service, just one problem: a little bit noisy, old windows - you can hear the street...	
Sep 11 2009 	This place is a knockout!!	I don't know what more I could add to the already rave reviews about the Fairmont Heritage! The location is great within easy access to transportation (MUNI bus, cable car, and streetcars), the staff and service is exceptional, the apartments are FABULOUS and comfortable...I would most definitely stay here again! A true gem!	
Sep 11 2009 	Fantastic	We stayed at the FAirmont for threenight at the begining of our West Coast holday. The hotel is situated in a fabulous (if a little noisy) position and has been developed from the Ghiradelli chocolate factory. The development provides easy access to some restaurants, shops etc, allo fwhich are handy given thatthe hotel has neither a bar nor restaurant. Clearly there's been a lot of thought fiven to this development - we had a two bedroom room which would have been better described as an apartment. There's a fully fitted kitched and lounge with first class facilities including fantastic audio-visual kit should the legendary San Fran weather be too cool for an extended period outside. There's also an outside area with views across the bay to Alcatraz - the area has comfy seating and a lovely fire pit for the chilly evenings. When we stayed the spa was under construction and a licqour license had been applied for - once in place, this will probably be a fautless city hotel.	
Sep 9 2009 	So much more than we expected!	We booked this two bedroom suite because we have three children and need the room. Most places can't even garantee connecting rooms. We also wanted to be within walking distanct to the popular attractions that we wanted to see within our two day window. The attention and service that was provided here was unmatched in any other hotel we have stayed in. Our &quot;room&quot; was actually a two floor mini apartment. It came complete with washer and dryer and kitchen. This hotel just finished renovations so it's in pristine condition. We had fantastic views from our room of Alcatraz and the bay. I would have stayed an additional night longer if I knew it would be so nice, we were just &quot;passing by&quot; on our way home from Hawaii.The complimentary breakfast with fresh fruits ad herbal teas started our day perfectly. Since there were bagels and cereal, the children were also thrilled. The nighttime atmosphere of the area is magnificent and they will light a roof top fire pit for you if requested. There is lovely seating areas with pits for you to choose, unfortunately we were too tired to do so.Did I mention the Giradelli chocolates placed on you pillows with night time turn down....need I say more!	
Sep 9 2009 	Loved It!	We loved our stay at Fairmont Ghirardelli. The rooms were beautiful, the location was perfect, the use of the car was amazing. We cannot wait to return.	
Sep 8 2009 	Number One Hotel in San Francisco	We usually stay at the Four Seasons while in San Francisco; we thought we would try a different place and noticed that for less money, we got a one-bedroom suite complete with kitchen. I was expecting a good stay, and hoping that the service would match the top notch service at the Four Seasons.Overall, we were blown away by this property. I cannot say enough about the staff, who almost glow as it seems they love their jobs so much. Either that, or they are very good actors. Some taxi drivers still do not know about this place and we were taken to the other Fairmont by mistake, so give them the address in addition to the property name. The location is quite good, near the Russian Hill area, and many good restaurants are within a 15-20 minute walk. The (free!!!) house limo will take you anywhere within a 2 mile radius, plus PICK YOU UP, which is almost unheard of.The property is stunning -- the pictures on their website do not do it justice. We were upgraded to a two-bedroom, but it was at ground level and by the makeshift gym (they are still working on the gym and Willow Stream Spa) and the exit out to Ghirardelli Square. So, during the day, it was fairly noisy --plenty of slamming doors, plus I don't think they put in triple pane windows as you can clearly hear conversations on the street of passersby, and street traffic. If you are on the Ghirardelli Square side, you have to deal with the noise from the nearby businesses and tourists. However, by evening, the noise is diminished quite significantly. We did not hear any noise from the other suites beside or above us. If you do not like big city noises, I would not recommend staying here.We found the bed in the master bedroom fairly soft (we like firm beds) and we moved into the second bedroom for the remainder of our stay as the bed seemed firmer. We asked the staff if they could put a board under the mattress, but that was the only request they could not accomodate.Both bathrooms were gorgeous, with plenty of soft, fluffy towels. Shower pressure could have been a bit stronger, and though high-end, the amentities were strongly scented with a men's cologne type fragrance, which was disappointing for me.The kitchen was extremely well equipped and what impressed me were all the high-end touches; Henckel knives, Cuisinart cookware, and Villeroy and Boch dishware, plus a Wolf gas range. They spared no expense outfitting these kitchens and I only wish I had time to cook during our stay. There was also a Bosch washer and dryer in the suite, so you can pack light and leave room in your suitcase instead for shopping. Detergent and dryer sheets are provided.There are two business centres with internet access (free for guests) and free Wifi throughout the property, though I found it very spotty in our suite. There are also two terraces with propane firepits which overlook Ghirardelli Square and the ocean. The daily wine and cheese is sponsored by the sales staff, and we appreciated that they were very discreet re: sales They seemed to notice when people weren't interested and were pleasant people to talk to, not pushy at all, plus gave us some good sightseeing tips. The continental breakfast is simple, but again, very high-end; fresh squeezed juice, Illy coffee, organic tea, Ghirardelli hot chocolate, organic yogurts, beautiful pastries, and plenty of cut-up fresh fruit. It made a great start to our day.If it seems like I'm raving about this place, I am! We would return in a heartbeat, trust me, it may seem pricey but for the service and amenities, it is really good value. This is going to be our new favorite hotel in San Francisco.	
Sep 5 2009 	Amazing! One of the best hotel stays we have had	Stayed for three nights in mid August. From the moment we arrived we felt pampered and well taken care of by the concierge and butler staff. The staff was always available to arrange great dining choices and to advise regarding activities. We took advantage of the hotel's complementary car. The rooms are spacious and extremely well appointed. The view from our huge deck was breathtaking. We will be back for sure!	
Aug 12 2009 	WOW-This place is Amazing!	I recently stayed at the Fairmont after seeing the pictures on tripadvisor and reading the reviews. This place does not disappoint, simply one of the BEST experiences I've ever had at a hotel. The service, the staff, and the location are superb! on a scale of 1-10 it's an 11. Wine and cheese at 4-5pm, very nice. I was upgraded upon check in, Thank you very much. The place was HUGE, we were given a two bedroom residence, full kitchen, table for 6, Big living room surround sound and 2 private bedrooms. A touch noisy on the street. Butler service, amazing!, DVD movies and popcorn brought to your room. My only negative was the bed was too soft but I'm used to a hard bed. The house car is a Maserati, had to get a ride in that, first come first serve. You can walk to lots of shops and the cable car drops you right at Gharadilli square. We had a lovely meal at Mcormicks right next door. The concierge made us a reservation and we had a beautiful window table without even asking for it. Quite simply Amazing!	
Aug 11 2009 	Great location and service!	We stayed at this hotel for three nights...we had a gorgeous one bedroom suite with balcony and bay view (#314). It was also perfect for people watching as it overlooked the square. Some of you tourists really should not wear low cut shirts and shorts :) The room had a modern feel with a nicely stocked kitchen. We ate breakfast in everyday but the hotel also provides a complimentary continental breakfast. What set this place apart was the awesome service. The employees really seem to like their jobs and our sincere (as much as they can be while earning tips) in giving you the right information and best help. Plus my son loved the free chocolate :) The rooms are pricey but with the economy there are always specials. We paid an average of $400.00 a night and it was worth it. The hotel also provides a car service and is also convenient to the SF public transportation system.Restaurants close by can be touristy but I enjoyed a small sushi place on Hyde: Grandeho's Kamekyo.	
Aug 6 2009 	nice stay...however.	This is my third stay at this property. I booked a 3 bedroom city view months ago. When we arrived, we were downgraded to a 2 bedroom unit. I needed a 3 bedroom for we had 6 people in our unit. I was very disappointed that the manager had overbooked the hotel and had not called prior to our arrival to discuss this situation. Our stay was nice, however we booked a 3 bedroom unit so no one would disturb anyone if they got up early. I think Fairmont could have handled this much better. We were sent a dozen cupcakes and a bottle of wine for the issue but I feel if you were staying at the Ritz Carlton, they would have handled this issue with a better comp. I am returning in December but am now concerned this could happen again. No one likes to sleep on a pull out couch in the family room.One final note....on our second night, we did not receive housekeeping. We were gone all day so there is no excuse for this.	
Aug 3 2009 	Great location amazing service!	So I decided to take my whole family (Self, husband, daughter, mom and dad) on vacation. Kinda, I picked the hotel. So after talking with other travelers and reading reviews I thought Fairmont Ghiradelli Square would be the best fit for a variety of activities and people going. I WAS RIGHT!First off, the hotel is gorgeous and the service is top notch! I received an email from their concierge, Jeremy, a week before I was due out with contact information and any needs or requests I may have. (Which were none, but just the same). When I arrived Jeremy was there to greet us and made us all feel right at home.I booked a 2 bedroom city view which we were escorted to and given a run down of room and hotel amenities. The room was nicely appointed with spacious kitchen, dining and living area. There is one master bedroom with a king bed, separate shower and tub, robes and excellent linens (I let my parents have this room). The second bedroom also has a king bed with high thread count sheets. Shared bathroom has a walk in shower and large vanity. The room itself was great but there was quite a bit of street noise. The only downfall. (Opt for the bayview and you'll skip the traffic noise).There are 2 patios, one with a great view, both with firepits which are nice on a cold SF night! I think I spent a little time out there every night with a glass of wine or cup of tea! The hotel also offers a small gym, which I did not use, I was really on vacation and a great lounge area. The lounge had a pool table, which we did use almost every day. They offer a wine and cheese happy hour too. There is a spa going in, but was under construction when I was there (too bad).Lastly, location. You are AT Ghiradelli Square, literally, there is a back entrance that steps out to the square. You have a choice of many restaurants in your back yard. I highly recommend McCormick's &amp; Kuletos, great seafood! Of course, chocolate and ice cream is steps away. Try a cupcake at Kara's too! Short walk from the hotel is the Cable Car turnaround, the bay and Maritime museum! Quick cab ride or bus ride anywhere!All and all, Stay there! The cost was comparable to anywhere near by and you couldn't ask for a better location! The staff really made it for me! They were attentive and really made you feel at home! Hope that gives you a better idea.	
Aug 2 2009 	One of the best if not THE best SF properties on offer	Just finished 2 nights at the Ghirardelli, which was the most enjoyable 5 star experience I've had at any property Stateside. We had an incredible deal which meant we gave plenty of $$$ to the local wine store, chocolatier and restaurants. Not to mention the generous staff tips. Every cent was worth it.We enjoyed a 2 bedroom City view room which was larger than our apartment at home (bring earplugs if you are on this side as the traffic noise from outside can get slightly annoying at 6am weekdays). The rooms are superbly outiftted, the beds as comfortable as our one at home, and as President's Club Members we of course enjoyed excellent free breakfasts, free wirless internet and all newspapers each day. We had a floor butler assigned too, but didn't end up using him/her.And that Maserati towncar - nice! The hotel staff are also uniformly welcoming, friendly and professional. Can't really fault the place.If you can afford it, have a special occasion to celebrate, or can find a deal, don't hesitate for a minute to stay here.	
Jul 31 2009 	I don't know how you could beat it !!	Had a 1 bedroom on the second floor (#214) with huge balcony overlooking Alcatraz and Ghirardelli Square. Noise from below was never an issue. Room was in perfect condition, spotless clean. Service by all staff was excellent. Breakfast was not huge but was all you really need to start the day. Afternoon wine and cheese was very good. Location is perfect for access to all attractions. The use of the house car was a nice touch. We will be back as soon as possible !!Stay here, you will be glad you did.	
Jul 30 2009 	Outstanding and Relaxing!	Not much to add to the glowing reviews below. We loved the Fairmont Heritage! Beutiful 2 bedroom unit with views of the bay and Alcatraz. Took advantage of the two firepits, the pool table, the extensive movie collection and the Maserati! The car was always availalbe, very rarely did we have to wait. Had the continental breakfast each morning, which was lovely, with many different kinds of fresh fruit, pastries, bagels, cereals, and yogurts. The pictures on the website are very representative of the hotel. Another plus (not for my waistline!) was the proximity to the Ghiradelli chocolate store. My teens went down every night and had a very large sundae and I frequently walked in for some free chocolate! There is also an absolutely delicious cupcake shop &quot;Kara's Cupcakes&quot;, which is worth trying. We enjoyed the 360 Wine Celler which was in the square just steps away from our hotel. Great for purchasing wine, cheese, etc. What is really exceptional here is the high level of service by all members of the staff. Extremely polite, pleasant, and very helpful. We loved our stay. Check out their website for special rates.	
Jul 16 2009 	All the right ingredients exceptional hotel	Location is excellent right on Ghirardelli Square with direct access through the hotel. We stayed in a two bedroom suite + living room + kitchen, very high standards throughout. Free internet and breakfast. Complimentary Maseratti Quatropporte to drive or pick you up to a 2 miles radius. Small, less than 100 apartments. Unbelievable value. I will not even bother writing further. Take my word for it, this is the place to stay in San Francisco.	
Jul 14 2009 	Best Place in Town!	We loved the location, service, breakfast, room, wine, and everything about the Fairmont. The staff couldn't have been nicer or more accommodating. We had a city room on the first floor and never had any problem with noise. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting San Francisco. Also take advantage of the car it was nice!	
Jul 13 2009 	Touristy Location...Incredible Hotel	The Hotel:We were welcomed at the Fairmont Ghirardelli relatively late on a weeknight by the two concierge/check-in hosts who man the desks just inside the lobby. We got a quick tour of the property, which includes two terraces, one of which has a &quot;fire pit&quot; and daily wine/cocktail hours, as well as a lounge that serves a complimentary continental breakfast. The lobby is small but tastefully appointed, as are the common areas. The elevators are freight car size and quick and responsive.The Room:All of these &quot;hotel rooms&quot; were originally built as condominium units, and the size of each room is truly apartment like. Our one bedroom had a full chef's kitchen as you walk in, complete with Bosch dishwasher and Sub-Zero drawer fridge/freezer. A living area has a large exposed brick wall and large windows facing out onto SF Bay and Alcatraz. Flatscreen mounted TV with DirectTV and a surround sound system (there is probably $2000 of AV equipment built into the wall). The bedroom is a good size, with the same view and there is a large bathroom. The bathroom, however, was probably my only complaint about the room itself - there is a lot of wasted space that could have been used to create a larger shower or a sitting area, at least in my unit. More importantly, for one of the nicest hotel rooms I've ever stayed in - this shower stunk. No door, so it was freezing when you weren't under the water - pressure was just so/so, as well. The beds were incredibly comfortable, as expected. Oh yeah, and a washer/dryer, which we used (they provide detergent and dryer sheets).The Perks:A concierge contacted me a few weeks in advance of our trip to see if I would need any help planning an itinerary. They were kind enough to book multiple lunch/dinner reservations as well as a guided wine tour through Napa. New York Times delivered to the door every day. House Car (Maserati) which will take you anywhere within 2 miles of the hotel if it is available, and it was every time we needed it. Chocolates on the pillow (Ghirardelli, natch) and they will do grocery shopping for you in advance of your arrival (if you want them to pick up a bottle of wine, etc.). 500 movie DVD library which we took advantage of on a night we stayed in. Hotel Location:Ghirardelli Square is very touristy, next to Fisherman's Wharf. It is not a happening part of town, and gets quiet early at night.	
Jun 4 2009 	Have recommended it to friends already - Can't wait to go back!!	This is one of the nicest hotels we've ever stayed in - and we've been to many 5+ star properties over the years! We originally booked for 1 wk and extended it for a 2nd week. The property is beautiful and so nicely appointed. The units have high ceilings, original brick- accented walls, lots of natural light, exquisite and beautifully-equipped kitchen, very comfortable beds and the most comfortable pillows and softest sheets you've ever slept on! There are several very nice and expansive decks with views of Alcatraz and the GG Bridge. There is a gas fireplace that is lit every afternoon - wonderful place to sip wine and visit or read. The staff couldn't be nicer or more professioinal. And, the complimentary house car will take you anywhere you want to go within several miles of the hotel. The location is really fun - Ghirardelli Square has been totally revamped over the last several years by its new owners. Good restaurants, classy shops, 2 excellent wine bars, and a very nice ambience throughout. And, the proximity to the Bay with very nice walking trails, Fisherman's Wharf with all of its excellent seafood, and the cable cars make the Fairmont Heritage Place a primo spot. It is also a close walk to Polk Street in Russian Hill where there are lots of good shops and restaurants. We'd recommend one restaurant in particular - &quot;Street&quot; on Polk. Intimate, fun restaurant with excellent, fresh CA cuisine, moderately priced. We had a wonderful time at Fairmont Heritage Place at Ghirardelli Square and can't wait to go back. And, they welcome small dogs - an added plus.	
May 14 2009 	The Best Hotel Room Ever!	We had a 2 bedroom city view, the nicest hotel room we've ever stayed in. The room was huge, bigger than our own home. The full kitchen and dining area were very nice and perfect for warming up leftovers from our dinner at Fisherman's Wharf. The location is amazing, within walking distance of everything. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who enjoys quality and excellent service. We liked it so much we're going back next weekend.	
May 5 2009 	World Class hotel in one of the best locations in San Francisco	Having read other reviews of this hotel on this site, I was very pleased to discover this hotel totally exceeded my expectations in every respect. Everything from the check-in experience to the rooms, the friendly staff, the design concept of the property were simply just world class. There are a number of good restaurants within this complex and also an excellent wine merchant who offers daily wine tasting sessions....the hotel's own free cheese and wine sessions at 4pm are a nice touch too...as is the free breakfast....looking forward to returning to this hotel.	
Apr 27 2009 	Dazzling!	This hotel is the best for a San Francisco sightseeing vacation!First, the accommodations - absolutely beautiful. From the Sub Zero refridgerator, Bosch washing machine and dryer, to the spacious bedrooms this condo was nicer than our house! Complimentary car service (a Maserati) to take you to places a little too far to walk. We especially appreciated the collection of over 500 complimentary DVDs (with DVD players in all the rooms) since our 2 year old goes to bed at 7:30. The hotel is almost brand new and was spotless. The service was very attentive and helpful. Even though our room was on the ground floor facing the street, the windows have some AMAZING noise insulation making it very quiet.Second, the location - it is, itself, a tourist attraction since it is the old Ghirardelli Chocolate Factory. The decks have views of the Golden Gate bridget and Alcatraz. It is right across the street from a beach and National Park, 1 block from the main cable car line (ride early to avoid the 1+ hour wait!), and a short walk to Pier 39, Fisherman's Wharf, and the aquarium. We walked just about everywhere with our 2 year old in tow. This hotel is in a VERY touristy part of town so if you are looking for great shopping or a quaint vacation, you might look elsewhere, but for a family vacation it was perfect. Dining at the hotel is mostly chains (a diner and a steakhouse) but the full kitchen and beautiful dining area made us want to eat in anyway!The only drawback is that the Ghirardelli Chocolate Shop gives out free chocolate samples which were just too hard to resist. I gained way too much weight on this trip!	
Apr 10 2009 	Awesome!!	After reading the reviews on this site and researching the hotels in SF I finally decided on this one...and it was truly unbelievable. My kids who are used to staying at top class hotels were impressed too; and you know it is not easy to impress teenagers!! We were upgraded to a two bedroom apartment and we absolutely loved it. The location is great, the sevice was superb and the apartment itself was fabulous. This was one of our nicest vacation!!	
Apr 1 2009 	Won't stay anywhere else!	We stayed at the Fairmont Heritage Place for six nights during our girls spring break. The place is awesome. We stayed on the Mustard Terrace in a two bedroom with views of the Bay and Alcatraz.. There was a fire pit right outside our door that we enjoyed every night. The staff here was wonderful. We loved the convenience of the location. We walked everywhere! The continental breakfast was great.My girls thought this was the neatest place they had ever stayed. We will go back to this hotel anytime we are in San Francisco.	
Mar 25 2009 	It doesn't get better than this... great place to stay in a great city	We just had the pleasure of spending 4 wonderful days in this fantastic property. The worst part of the trip was checking out and having to leave. It really feels like a home away from home. We have stayed at over a dozen Fairmonts and this is our favourite. However, this is not a place for rug rats. There is no pool with slides or restaurants with crayons and balloons.The staff are wonderful especially the concierge department. We were able to get a reservation at Gary Dankos with only 2 days notice, thanks to Kari the concierge. The location is great and the complimentary Maserati Quattroporte was something else. I can't wait to go back....	
Mar 24 2009 	One of the Best...	Very impressive and amazing standard all round. State of the art in every way. Staff first class. Only fault - city view rooms with single glazed windows very noisy due to street traffic.	
Mar 19 2009 	Casual luxury with a great location	The rooms were beautiful and the staff most helpful and went out of their way to suggest visits that meet my son's passions. We stayed at the Ghiradelli for 6 nights, and in spite of terrible weather, the hotel made the visit to San Francisco a real treat. The spacious kitchen was beautifully is appointed with state of the art appliances, a bonus for foodies. The location, as with most Fairmont hotel was ideal and the residence hotel offered wonderful and comfortable space. It became a home rather than a hotel. Should we return to San Francisco, I would not even look at another hotel.	
Mar 8 2009 	Couldn't be better than this!	I spent the weekend with my 85 year old mother, and my best friend from So. Calif. We shared a two bedroom unit and it was the perfect location for us. We explored the plaza and shops, and especially liked the wine and tea shops. What a fun place. The rooms are fabulous!!! They are sleek and classy and have everything you would need to entertain or conduct a business meeting. Wonderful linens on the beds and in the bathrooms, the staff is very attentive and friendly, but not over bearing. We enjoyed the complimentary afternoon wine and cheese on the Mustard Terrace overlooking the bay and Ghirardelli Square, with views of Alcatraz and the Golden Gate Bridge. They even drove us to dinnwe in onw of the complimentary town cars!!! I really don't think it can get much better than this, they have thought of everything!!!	
Feb 14 2009 	Classy independence	Having searched reviews for many hotels in San Francisco I couldn't really find the right balance of style, location, service and price, until finding the Fairmont Heritage Place by accident on a holiday rental sight.The hotel is very classy, apartments are spacious, well designed and very well equipped, the kitchens have every mod con you could imagine, the decor is subtle, modern but still in keeping with the heritage of the building. We also had a large terrace overlooking the square and the bay. My only criticism would be that the shower was a bit wimpy. Continental breakfast was handy, and the afternoon cheese and wine hour was a restful hour to while away or play pool.The location of the hotel is great, walking distance from most neighborhoods (Russian Hill is great for restaurants and 7 blocks away, downhill on the way back). Check-in and concierge servers couldn't have been more helpful and the hotel car is very handy. Will definitely stay again when we return.	
Feb 4 2009 	Great find - luxury at a great price	We liked the Fairmont in Ghiradelli Square so much that we changed our reservation at another hotel on our return trip to stay a 2nd time. Big, brand new rooms with kitchen, living and bedroom. Flat screens, fire place and a great staff. Look for web rates - a bit cheaper.	
Jan 20 2009 	Fairmont Heritage Place is a wonderful experience for everyone	I had the pleasure of staying at the Fairmont Heritage Place last week. I am a Travel Agent and with some colleagues went to check it out. I knew it was going to be nice but wasn't prepared for how nice !! Staff is excellant - check in seamless. The hotel consists of 1, 2 and 3 bedroom units - The location is in Ghiradelli Square in a collection of historic buildings - Fairmont did a fabulous job on this conversion - dealing with Historic conservation and resulting in a luxury property - Units are spacious, beautiful decor and all the modern amenities in buildings over 100 years old. they even have washer dryers in every unit and of course a wine cooler. Combine all of this with the views of San Francisco Bay, the amenities of Ghiradelli Square with numerous restaurants and shops which are literally steps away, you can't beat it. - nearly forgot - the beds are so comfortable. Lovely outdoor areas with fire pits and comfy furniture - and once again the view. I am a San Franciscan who didn't think I could be so impressed in my home town.	
Jan 20 2009	LOVED THIS HOTEL	This is a great hotel in a great location. It is located at Ghiradelli square and right by the wharf.  The rooms all have kitchens/living area's and washer/dryers. It's a home away from home.The beds are incredibly comfortable and the bay views are great. Included in your stay is continental breakfast and a car service within a 2 mile radius.They also do a wine hour in the evening. The staff is helpful and friendly. The rooms are very large and set up in 1/2/3 bedroom units.The tv's and stereo system is very high tech with surround sound, etc. This is a great place to stay, you will wish you didnt have to leave.	
Jan 17 2009 	Fairmont Ghirardelli is True Gem	A true gem of a property in a historic building overlooking San Francisco Bay. One of the best vantage points from where to see Alcatraz, Tiburon and Sausalito. The hotel consists of four buildings surrounded by some excellent restaurants, shops and attractions. The rooms feature kitchens with mini-Wolf stoves, Sub Zero refrigerators, Bosch washers/dryers and an awesome surround sound setup in living rooms AND bedrooms. Continental breakfast and afternoon wine / cheese add to the flair of this truly unique property. Moreover, Gary Danko will soon open up a restaurant on the property and their menu will be available as room service for the property guests on china from the restaurant. Service is by far the best I've seen in a long time. In fact, you can order groceries from most any local vendor and have it stocked prior to your arrival. Imagine having fresh dungeoness crab waiting in your room directly from Fisherman's Wharf. The property has one, two and three bedroom lofts all decorated in a unique modern style - it reminded me of some of the better items you can purchase at the Pottery Barn. Mattresses only add to the flair - Stearn and Foster matresses specifically designed for the Fairmont! Slept like a baby. The property is in the old Ghiradelli Square building - you can't get any more San Francisco than that. Additionally, you're close to North Beach and downtown. In fact, they'll drive you anywhere within a two mile radius in the properties Maserati sedan!A must see to believe propery with rates comprable to room only hotels in San Francisco. One of the best values for your money.I highly recommend you see this property. I work in the travel industry and have seen some real nice properties (paradors in Spain, etc.). I was very impressed by the property and (moreso) by the professionalism and attention to detail by the staff.	
Nov 30 2008 	New Property can turn into a gem with time	We on our annual trip to the Hawaiian Islands and we always stop over in San Francisco on way back to DC.We enjoy 4 and 5 star hotels, we have stayed at the Fairmont, Huntington, Hyatt, and several Kimptons.This time we had our 33 year old son, who wanted his own bedroom and bathroom.Since this was a family trip over Thanksgiving, we wanted a 2 bedroom suite, with a living room, and possible kitchen.I found this brand new Fairmont Residence Hotel with fractional ownership, which also sells its units now nightly to the public. We could find NO reviews of any type,as it had really just opened this past August, but we decided to gamble and try it.Good points:Brand new, immaculate, 3 flat screen tv's, living room, and each bedroom. Lovely sheets and beds, great bathrooms, separate showers and bathtubs, modern furniture, table for 6 in the kitchen dining room, dream kitchen, washer and dryer, etc.Nice first floor breakfast room with free continental breakfast served from 7am to 10am, and nightly wine and cheese from 5pm to 6pm. Also 2 free computer rooms in lobby. Staff very pleasant and a Maserati sedan to drop you within a 2 mile radius to restaurants and shopping if you can get it.Two great terraces overlooking the Bay with fire pits and lots of chairs outside for guests to sit outside with their own wine (no bar in hotel, but wine shops below in plazaThis hotel does NOT have a restaurant but does have limited room service from some restaurants below in the plaza.The possible down sides:Not for people with walking problems. As you have 5 buildings connected by stairs, long halls, walkways, etc.For those who like to come back to the hotel and have a drink at the bar, or have a small cafe or restaurant, it has NONE.There seem to be a lot of different floor plans. Our unit had a terrace bay view all right, but the view was blocked by a gazebo with tables and chairs..Our unit ran from front to back, as many there do,, and the two bedrooms were on the street, bus, cab, truck, people noise.The units have a lot of huge windows 12 feet high and NOT double paned. You can hear everything outside from some lower units, ask for a high floor if possible.The place is built right into a new shopping and dining plaza, below you. Rooms with bay view hear all this below.Our building and terrace was over a Gary Danko Restaurant which is opening in Spring 2009. That could be noisy also.The staff is pleasant, but clearly finding its way still in this new property. Finding the front door first time is a challenge.Summary:The guests we met were intelligent, articulate, quiet, with pretty well behaved children and dogs. The hotel inside is quiet.When the summer tourist crowd is below in the plaza and all the shops and restaurants are open, the noise level will increase and how it will effect many suites, I do not know.Over all, we liked it for our needs, It is not for everyone, the location is not central, and the area across the street is still dicey with a garish liquor store across from the hotel entrance.However, it is up and coming area, and they did a nice job of redoing the old Ghiradelli chocolate factory buildings.The minor complaints most guests agreed on, noise through their windows from the street or plaza, wanted more good small dining choices in that area, wifi would work in all rooms (ours did not)and that the hotel had its breakfast cafe open till 11pm.The restaurants in the Plaza below are nice, but not many of them, the all seem to stop serving or close by 10pm except for one bar which is a bit rowdy.Since they have that lovely room for breakfast, that stays empty the rest of the day and night, they should sell soup, salad, and nice sandwiches for guests till midnight.And if you arrive there after 10:30pm, there is NO place nearby open to eat or order from room service, nothing. As we found out our first night when our flight arrived late.They only have &quot;room service&quot; from the few dining spots in the plaza&quot; and those were closing. I was not offered a menu.So, I would highly suggest to them that they use their &quot;breakfast room&quot; for all day and evening snacks. We would have eaten bagels, juice, tea, apples, bananas, sandwich, anything, when we finally arrived at 10:48pm. They did not suggest a thing. From a property touting 5 star service this is not acceptable.They have food in their mini kitchen, for breakfast and the wine and cheese hour, they could have offered at least apples, oranges, juice, cheese, something. They did not.We give this new place a low 4 star and when all the plaza construction is done and new hotel bugs get worked out, we want to return againPSA sandwich plate, cheese platter, cookies, juice, tea in our room, which we would have paid for, would have been welcome. Instead of &quot;everything in this area is not serving meals at this hour&quot;	
Sep 10 2009 	très bien situé et spacieux		
