Nov 21 2009 	The Steinhart is a hotel with a HEART	I have stayed in many hotels, all over the world. I've stayed at Ritz Carltons and Four Seasons....but I've never stayed at a hotel that cared as much as this one. My husband and I came to San Francisco with little preparation for a very sudden, very scary operation. I had to have a place to bring him when he got out of the hospital and it had to be comfortable and homey for his recovery. I also had to have a kitchen. I first tried another popular long term hotel and found it to be shabby and worn. We were so delighted when we checked into the Steinhart. While it is an old hotel...it is really beautiful....Lovely woods and fixtures....great old cage elevator and updated rooms with comfortable beds, flat screen TV's and a full kitchen. We had a room with a livingroom (Murphy bed TV, small dining table, sofa, chairs, etc.), large bedroom (with the flat screen, DVD +++) a kitchen with stove, microwave, diswasher, refrigerator, all dishware and cooking utensils, pots and pans. The manager, Peter Friedman is a saint. He has been so good to us. He's helped us in countless ways and always with a smile and compassion. He assisted me in long term parking for the car, transferring luggage back and forth to the hospital and extended many other little kindnesses and comforts for us.We stayed there before the surgery and are about to return tomorrow for two weeks of recovery. I can't say enough for the way the staff (at the Vertigo next door who takes care of staffing this hotel) jumps to solve any problem...This is the perfect place for a long term stay in San Francisco....A short walk to Union Square on a street loaded with little sandwich shops, coffee places, small markets (two blocks to a big one) and even gelato and pizza next door. Two doors away is a great sandwich shop with fresh roasted chickens every day. I felt like I lived in the neighborhood after just a few days. And did I mention, a laundry in the basement!Do not hesitate to stay in this lovely little hotel....it is just so charming. I am not the only one who thinks so......as I was checking in a young Brit was checking out and fervently thanked Peter over and over for his many acts of kindness. I think you'll love it here!	
Oct 28 2009 	Excellent location apartment attitude	Stayed at the Steinhart for a total of 17 nights during the summer (June/July). Everything was really nice. The place was spotless, beds were comfortable, and the kitchen was decent. We had a few extra requests (baby cot, extra bed, etc) and these were attended to without any fuss or extra charge. There is basic (slowish) wireless internet access for free, though we paid for an upgraded connection as it didn't cost much ($20 for 7 days) - cheaper than usual hotel rates.The place has loads of character and a nice atmosphere. We felt the area to be very safe, with lots of fairly decent restaurants and bars around, and none of us had any concerns walking to or from Union Square day or night. It is a few blocks north of the edge of the Tenderloin, but a few blocks makes a big difference in San Francisco.It's more in the Nob Hill area really, without too much of the hill (an important factor with a 6-month old baby in a stroller) - actually just a gentle incline up Sutter Street from Union Square.We couldn't really find any faults. We rented a car a couple of times and overnight street parking is tricky, but possible with a bit of looking around, and certainly not the worst in San Francisco. Of course you can also pay for overnight parking in various lots. We had to carry the baby stroller up some steps at the front door, but that wasn't a major issue, and there is an elevator after that.And hats off to Peter (manager) for his courtesy and good attitude in general. Will definitely stay there when in SF again.	
Sep 28 2009 	A really good value	We stayed at the Steinhart for one week. Arriving lately, we checked in at the sister hotel without any problems.The first night though was a little problem as we were two people not knowing that the murphy bed (nightly price 72 USD - a great value for SF!!!) is not really suitable for two. Besides I think the bed had a defect making a lot of noise by just moving a little or turning around. Peter, the manager promised to take care of it.So, in the next morning we asked for another room and got room 403, a two-bedroom appartment. Actually more than 100 bucks, we got it for just 10 USD more than the normal price! And it was very quite as going to the backyard.It smelled a little but by airing that went away. We had 2 big rooms, in the living room there was even another murphy bed. The kitchen was fully equipped (we just bought bigger plastic glasses as the ones there were quite small) and the enough space for a lot of clothes and stuff available. The bed was soooo comfortable.My boyfriend, a smoker, could go to the tiny backyard for smoking.So, we felt very at ease there... The place has got an amazing atmosphere!The place is amazing, the Union Square with all the shopping amenities just a short walk away, diners for breakfast or snack just around the corner.Peter, the manager, is an angel, we always knew where to go for problems. Even when we forgot our toiletry bag in the bathroom it was sent to us without any problems. Even a supposed forgotten perfume was refunded (as not found in our room), but to our shame we found it at home... So perfect service!So, we'd always come back even for a longer time as the apartments are really suitable for a longer stay as well as for the short one.	
Sep 16 2009 	Absolutely Charming	My husband attended a medical convention in San Francisco, and we stayed for a week at the Steinhart . We had a lovely large one bedroom apartment with a full kitchen that was super clean, comfortable, quiet, and just simply perfect for our needs. A bonus was the use of all the upscale conveniences at the sister hotel, the Vertigo, just next door complete with a very friendly and helpful front desk staff. We loved the outside patio barbecue area at the Steinhart, and we felt very comfortable and were very impressed with our accomodation.We felt the price was very reasonable and as it was a long stay it was great to have such a spacious and comfy apartment. We would definitely stay there again- thanks Peter for all your suggestions and friendly service.	
Sep 10 2009 	Anything Ilegal you need is here.	I stayed at the No tell hotel Sept 3-9, 2009 and it was a scary place. My room was filthy dirty with mold in the shower. I had to go out and buy cleaning supplies since they only do housekeeping once a week. The staff at the Hotel Vertigo (thats who checks you in &amp; out) were very rude and unprofessional. The hotel is a complete waste of time. There is ZERO security, if the front or back door are left open, the junkies can stumble in to crash on the couches. BEWARE!!!	
Sep 9 2009 	Excellent Value and good Location	We loved this hotel. My 17 yr old son and I spent 6 nights at the Steinhart Hotel recently and loved it. It has no one on the desk during the week which to us , made it a little more private , like going to our own apartment ! Peter , the manager was great. We had a problem with our phone. My daughter could not call us. I talked to Peter who came right up and we found that the ringer was shut off ! He was prompt and professional and very pleasant. It was nice to know that he lived in the building too.The hotel was only 5-6 blocks from the main up-scale shopping area and very close to a large grocery store , the trolley system and we could walk just about anywhere. We had pizza from the Bellissimo right next door and it was great pizza and the man that runs it was one of the nicest people we encountered in San Francisco...very polite.The apartment was roomy , clean , had a great shower and was quiet for the most part. It was very comfortable and we got a great rate on the internet ... $700 ... for 7 nights ... you must book for a week at least ... and it allowed us to each have our own bed and our own space . I feel lucky to have found it . S Munro	
Aug 17 2009 	Ideal place for longer stays	If you are lucky enough to be able to spend some time in SF - being an apartment hotel, the Steinhart requieres a stay of at least 7 nights - the Steinhart is a great choice. Beautiful building and great location, close to bus routes, restaurants and supermarkets (in case you decide to use your own kitchen). Some reviewers complained because there's no one at the reception most of the day, but it wasn't a problem for us: we felt perfectly safe and Peter - the manager - was always available (and extremely kind) every time we needed advice or help.	
Aug 15 2009 	The Steinhart exceeded all of our expectations.	Just returned from a week's stay in the fabulous city of San Francisco at the Steinhart. I was there for a family vacation - family of four with 8 &amp; 16 year old children. The location of the Steinhart was perfect. It's right on the bus line and just a few blocks from the trolley line and Union Square. Within a block of the front door are coffee shops, pizza-by-the-slice, gelato, burritos, and a great little pub. We also walked to a Colibri Mexican Bistro and out of this world sushi at Sanraku. The management and the staff at the hotel were first rate. They helped us with computer issues, reservations for Alcatraz, and had terrific suggestions for interesting, off-the-beaten-path outings in the bay area.The accommodations were spacious and very comfortable. The hotel is a restored historic beauty that includes gorgeous common spaces. My children loved the original elevator - its elegance and uniqueness added to the week's experience. The room had a private master bedroom and plenty of room for the four of us to spread out and relax at the end of a day of sight-seeing. Also included: a full kitchen, huge closets, roomy bath, two flat screen TVs, murphy bed, and lovely floor-to-ceiling windows with a view of the bustling street below.It was such a hit that we are already planning our next visit to SF - at the Steinhart.	
Aug 14 2009 	A great place to stay	The location and cleanliness of the Steinhart was terrific. We stayed in a charming one bedroom which had a large walk in closet a complete kitchen which was perfect for breakfast or a glass of wine before dinner before heading out to the terrific city of San Francisco. The local was a 10 minute walk to Union Square area. The hotel is comfortable and charming. The manager, Peter was very helpful. They also provided great information on neighborhood supermarkets, coffee shops, restaurants, public transportation and loads of other helpful hints. We enjoy getting the feel of the city rather than staying in the traditional hotel. The Steinhart is located in a more residential area with plenty of great places to eat only steps away. We found the people friendly and helpful. When we go back, we will stay at the Steinhart Hotel again.	
Jun 12 2009 	Excellent Hotel in the city!	On my last visit to San Francisco , I had arranged to stay at the Steinhart, a hotel I had not been familiar with. The Steinhart Hotel exceeded all expectations for my stay. Furnished with all the ammenities of home and a friendly, informative staff I could not have had a better experience.	
May 21 2008 	The Steinhart was great!	My son and I spent 8 days in San Francisco in April 2008 for his belated 21st birthday and our stay at the Steinhart helped make the trip great. We were in room 402 and had plenty of room to spread out and not get in each others way. I had my own room and in the evening the living room tranformed into his room by pulling a murphy bed down out of the wall. The full kitchen and lay out of the apartment enhanced our entire San Francisco experience. Hotel managment were friendly, attentive and helpful. San Francisco is always a wonderful place to be and the location of the hotel allowed us to walk to many places and the neighborhood it self was enjoyable. I would recommend the Steinhart to anyone spending more than a week in the San Francisco area.	
May 11 2008 	very pleased with stay in Steinhart Hotel	In April 2007 we stayed 1 month at the Steinhart hotel. On arrival, after a long flight from Brussels-Amsterdam-San Francisco, we were welcomed by the friendly manager.We stayed at apartment 402 and were very pleased with the service. The streetnoise in the morning woke us up, but after two days we got accustumed to it. The charm of the hotel is its old-fashioned but wel maintained interior and the nice decoration of the apartment . During our stay we visited and explored San Francisco completely. With our month-ticket we could ride all bus or tramways and visit every corner of San Fransisco. The hotel was an ideal startpoint, far enough from Union Square and at the same time close enough to visit the entire city.To the financial district, China town, Market street, Embarcadero, Fishermans Wharf, Castro,... it was als the way walking dawnhill. To come back to the Steinhart we had the bus or tramway .We see the Steinhart as the ideal hotel for a longer stay, the accomodation and the location are perfect.	
Mar 2 2006 	Perfect as short-term sublet alternative	This is the hotel of choice for those looking for a stay between one and three months in S. Francisco. You will have difficulty finding a sublet for the same amount and services the Steinhart provides. Laundry and weekly housekeeping, including a fresh set of towels, are included in the rate. This is a residential hotel with a very small staff, but attentive and corteous. It feels more like an apartment building than a hotel. On the downside, expensive wireless internet access ($75/month), and no front desk staff after 5PM; after hours you need to go through two security code-enabled doors to enter the building.The architecture is extraordinary, but I would agree that the atmosphere would be improved by a more meticulous upkeep. My room (studio efficiency) had been renovated and was well-equipped with all kitchen appliances, dishware and utensils. The living room/bedroom had blackout curtains and a comfortable murphy bed that took up pretty much the entire space.New cordless phone, CD player/radio/alarm clock, cable TV and message board.Heating was only available in the bathroom: its fan was a little noisy and not potent enough to warm up the entire apartment.Prefer the apartments in the back, with numbers ending in 8 or 9, which get virtually no street noise.Overall, a very good value.	
Feb 13 2006	A respectable choice for long term stays	My husband and I are in our mid-40's and were visiting professors in San Francisco for two weeks in Jan, 06. We were looking for a place with a kitchen which was not in Union Square, had wireless internet access and allowed bookings for &lt;1month but &gt;1week. This severely limited our choices; however, the Steinhart was ultimately a rather good one. It is on the edge of Nob Hill and the Panhandle neighborhoods. It is quite safe and allowed us ready access to Union Square and Nob Hill for multiple dining options. While the decor is akin to a college apartment, the apartments are surprisingly large and very reasonably priced. The building itself is architecturally quite interesting and if a bit more money was invested in furnishings etc., it really could be spectactular. Carlos, the manager, was professional and helpful. The Steinhart was not noisy at all while we were there. It is not the Four Seasons; however, it does not pretend to be and really is a great alternative to the myriad boutique hotels where one is forced to eat outself the hotel every meal. Great for a stay longer than one week and would likely work well for a family.	
Dec 5 2005	Beware of this hotel	I was put up here after I showed up for my reservation at Kensington Park only to find the Kensington was over-booked. Their &quot;sister&quot; property, The Steinhart, looks okay but beware. The security is laughable, i.e., non-existent. When I complained about the comings and goings in the room next to mine, the front desk assured me there was nobody in the room! In fact, the hotel also has longterm apartment rentals and little control over the tenant-occupants who carry on with impunity. I wouldn't stay here, or in any of the Personality hotels again if my life depended on it.	
Jul 6 2009 	???????????		
Sep 10 2008 	Steinhart Hotel - total genial		
