Nov 25 2009 	Stay somewhere else!	Not only is this hotel ridiculously hard to find, once we got there I burst into tears. The rooms are cramped and run down. The bathroom is old and gross. Pealing caulking and slippery floors along with poor housekeeping make this hotel anything but pleasant! The first thing that hit me in the face when we walked in was the overwhelming stench! It smelled of horrible perfume and it never went away even after leaving the window open for 2 days straight. The bed was super firm and way uncomfortable. English is clearly the 2nd language of all the employees and expect to pay $40 a day to park your car...DO NOT STAY HERE! Motel 6 would be a welcome repreave from this crap hole!	
Nov 24 2009 	Great location very comfortable and inviting - a perfect stay!	From the moment we arrived at the Warwick we were warmly welcomed by the doormen and the reception staff. The hospitality was superb and we felt right at home in this hotel. The room was very nice, beds were comfortable, room was very clean and spacious. The location was superb, right in the heart of San Francisco, two blocks back from Union Square. We had a front room but didn't experience any excessive noise from the street below. When we return to San Franciso we'll definitely stay here again and would recommend this hotel to our family and friends.	
Nov 23 2009 	Wonderful anniversary	We did enjoy the romantic Warwick Hotel perfectly located downtown San Francisco on our 7th year anniversary night. We walked everywhere we needed to go. Staff was very nice, they even had a bottle of wine waiting for us when we got into our room. :-)We do recommend this hotel to those who are celebrating a special day and to tourists visiting our beautiful city.Ed and Nese	
Nov 18 2009 	Charming Hotel for Leisure Travel Needs Maintenance	Hotel is very charming. Rooms are small (welcome to San Fran!), but comfortable and a GREAT location! Set up more for leisure travelers than business travelers. Cell signal from room is incredibly weak, as well as wireless internet signal strength. Call for your car well in advance of when you need it (30 min vs the 15-20 advised by the front desk). Bathroom could use a bit of maintenance - white caulk around the window in the shower is mostly black from mold, which is pretty disgusting and would be easy to fix!	
Nov 18 2009 	Wonderful experience right in the heart of things	Stayed for 8 days with family for a wedding and extended trip. We could not have been more pleased with the Warwick. Staff is fantastic and the restaurant is a great place to start the day with very reasonable breakfasts perfectly done every time. Stopped into the Fairmont and a few big names around Union Square, and am thankful we avoided all that hectic, over-priced glitz for the warmth and charm of the Warwick. Can't beat the location, either.	
Nov 17 2009 	Warwick old-fashioned charm 	Early check-in permitted, laid-back yet responsive staff. Room was a little worn as it is not a modern property, sink did not fit in bathroom so was located amongst bedroom by door. Comfortable bed &amp; good plasma tv &amp; stations available. Good service, cleanliness. Decent location, up from Union Square. I would stay there again.	
Nov 16 2009 	Wish I had the same good experience as the other reviewers!	My boyfriend and I spent this past weekend in one of the deluxe suites and it had two restrooms. The guy that checked us in was actually really nice and gave us a free upgrade. I was originally really excited because of the reviews and the decor of the rooms I saw online. Location was great. Our room was pretty big though because it was the suite. The rooms look like they do in the pictures but the furniture is actually really really old - antique style. Its got some character to it, but the room smelled literally like an antique store and borderline almost like a thrift shop. But the real why I gave this place one star was because we literally had one of the worst night sleep there. Unlike the other reviews I read, our bed was just awful. I can't really describe it, but we were both tossing and turning the whole night and woke up just miserable. It didn't help that there was a popular and very nosiy bar across the street, but if you closed the windows, the noise isn't too bad. It might get stuffy though because there is no a/c and the fan makes a squeaky noise. The pillows (the ones you actually sleep on with the white covers NOT the decorative ones) were just flat as if they have been there for years. We visit SF quite often and stayed at various hotels in the city. This is by far the worst...I was so disappointed. Such a pity since Warwick has hotels all over the world...I expected more from them. Never again. Not even Motel 6 is this bad. When we mentioned the bed to the front desk lady at check out, she didn't even bother to inquire about what was wrong with it. Simply said &quot;sorry to hear that.&quot;	
Nov 12 2009 	Quaint and central	The rooms are quaint and cosy but very clean. The staff are very helpful nothing is too much trouble. It is very near Union Square so is convenient for transport the theatre and the Piers	
Nov 7 2009 	San Francisco	Quaint, small cozy rooms with little extras like ornate bathroom fixtures	
Nov 1 2009 	great staff	The Warwick &quot;Front Suite&quot; was perfect for the three of us. The staff was friendly and eager to please. The location was perfect and safe for myself and two teenaged girls. It was clean and a great value. Will stay again!	
Oct 30 2009 	Cute quaint cozy sums it up!	I recently stayed at the Warwick near Union Square in the heart of San Francisco. I have stayed in several hotels in this area and found this one to be the most delightful. It's decor was fashionable with a King Louis motif. I enjoyed the lobby atmosphere with it's comfy furnishings. My room was extremely warm and welcoming. Again, the decor had an antique flavor but the bathroom fixtures were up to date and quite functional. I will choose this hotel in the future when I am in San Francisco. The Warwick has moved to the top of my list in value, comfort, and style. The staff was absolutely outstanding, as well.	
Oct 28 2009 	Short list this one..	The Warwick is situated conveniently to Union Sq- just about 5 mins walk. The foyer looked smaller in real life than I had seen in pics but was welcoming and the staff friendly and helpful. My room was a nice size and clean but the furnishings look a little...tired lets say. It IS a noisy spot on the corner of Geary and Taylor so if u are a light sleeper ask for a room at the back. I was woken by a noisy group of 'ladies'in the street one night.But hey...we ARE in town here...there is bound to be noise.A few minutes walk past Union Sq and Macy's will take u on to the Westfield Mall, other shops, BART train system etc. You'll also come across the tram turnaround point.Breakfast in the hotel restaurant was enjoyable and the waitress never without a smile there. There are plenty of eating places within a few mins walk of the hotel.Overall it was a good experience and I'd certainly contemplate staying there again if I wanted to be close to Union Sq.	
Oct 12 2009 	Good location nice staff adequate accomodations overall good value.	Upon arrival, we received our oversized keys (yes, they still use metal keys not key cards) and were off to our 5th floor room. The elevator looked quite new, but when we got to our floor, we had to go back down about 5 steps to get to our room. Upon entering our room, I could hear a loud fan-like sound and was hoping it wasn't the air conditioner making that noise, but was quickly both relieved and disappointed at what I saw; It was an industrial fan used for drying floors, which meant that our room was not ready made evident by most of the furniture being on the bed, requiring a trip back up 5 steps and down via the elevator to the front desk. The guy manning the desk promptly set us up in another room on the 2nd floor. When we got there we realized that it had only one bathroom -we were supposed to have two, having reserved a &quot;junior suite&quot;. So, back down we went with our suitcases and carry-ons. This time we had to tell the FD guy that we were supposed to get a &quot;junior suite&quot; and found out that he gave us a &quot;mini suite&quot;. We really didn't want to stay on the 2nd floor anyway -too close to the street and all the noise since Geary is a busy street. So we got our JS, where else, but back on the 5th down the steps next to our first room, but facing the alley instead of the street. Another FD guy who accompanied us to our (third) room warned us of the garbage truck which he said would come at 3:00 in the a.m., but actually came between 6:00 and 7:30 a.m. daily. It wasn't too bad because we were going to awaken about that time anyway. Aside from that little fiasco, the jr. suite -which is actually 1 room with a queen-sized bed and full bathroom adjoining another room with a pull-out sofa-bed and a full bathroom (with a shower stall) connected by double french doors was adequate. This set-up was a little larger than the mini-suite although it didn't have a balcony, only windows overlooking an alley (which had a hostel at the end of it which made it a little noisy late at night). The room was quite clean (although there was a slight smokey smell as it was a smoking room, although we requested a non), but the furniture was a little worn with scuffs, scratches, and stains on the couch. Coming in handy was a computer with internet access which was connected to a printer at the front desk (which was steps away), as in-room wifi is not free. The hotel's restaurant, La Scene, is quite nice and offers continental breakfast, brunch (on certain days), and dinner. We only had dinner there and it was surprisingly quite good. It was also a great value since we had the pre fixe menu which, for $28, included three courses which had two choices each. My fiance opted to upgrade to the $38 pre-fixe which allowed you the choice of any menu item from the pre-set categories -salad, main course, and dessert. Overall, it was a pretty good hotel with a friendly staff, above-average though modest rooms, providing good value and location (two blocks from Powell St. cable car line, and about four blocks from Market St. which has bus/F-line/Bart access, and the Westfield shopping center). It also had a lot of dining choices nearby with anything from fast food (Jack In The Box) to pizza to sushi to diner food to casual and fine dining.I would recommend getting a multi-day Muni pass which allows you unlimited rides on the bus, cable cars, and F-line which runs along Market St. to the Piers. I would also recommend dining at the Westfield shopping center on Market St. There is a food court that offers your typical fast -food fare AND in a separate section there are restaurants that are more upscale, serving their food on ceramic-looking plastic plates, metal utensils and glasses for water. The food was quite good offering American, ethnic, and dessert eateries. Also, if you rent a car, there is a parking garage on the corner of Mason and O'Farrell which charges only $15/ night if you're in after 5:30pm and out before 9:30 am (no in-out though), beats coughing-up $35/day at the hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	Small Friendly nicely kept Hotel in the heart of the action.	The Warwick Hotel is a small hotel located in Union Square, across the street from the Curran Theater and ACT. Because of it's small size, it has a very personal feel with the staff providing personal attention. Typically there was more than one staff member immediately available for any needs in the lobby and when calling from our room, the desk would answer nearly immediately. I was surprised at how friendly everyone was since this is the big city and expected the cold shoulder. This was a big plus as travelling to the big city with small children can be a bit scary when you're used to small town living.The room was on the smaller side from what we are used to but since we had a suite, we had enough room for the 4 of us, 2 adults and 2 children. The rooms are nicely furnished and very very clean, although some of the plumbing fixtures are a bit worn, such as faucets that don't turn off easily. Our room was on the street side, so we overlooked Geary Blvd, but traffic noise was not a problem, so the building insulation must be good.The location of this hotel is incredible if you want to be near the action. Walk out of the hotel and across the street and you are at two of the best Theaters in town, the Curran and ACT. Walk 2 blocks down and you're in the heart of Union Square for all the shopping your wallet can manage, or you can pick up a cable car going down Powell street that takes you to a few blocks from Chinatown. Market Street is also about 2 or 3 blocks away.The one thing we liked least about our stay was the homeless people who are on every corner in this part of town. Small town life shields you from the harsh reality of the many many people who are destitute in the richest country in the world.	
Oct 5 2009 	Fantastic	This is a great place to stay. Excellent location, and friendly staff. The rooms are charming. Great service....	
Sep 21 2009 	Boutique atmosphere friendly helpful staff and great location.	The Warwick San Francisco was an unexpected treat. I've stayed in Warwick hotels before and always enjoy them because of their oldword, boutique charm, upscale furnishings, professional and cordial staff, and attention to detail. I was also very happy with the price and location. The hotel is nicely decorated in a 19th century motif, but bright and cheerful, not dark. The rooms, though a bit small for more modern hotels were beutifully appointed with period antique headboard and wardrobe, and other period replica furniture and fixtures. The bathroom was marble tiled and gold plated fixtures. I didn't use the room service (too much good food in San Francisco to stay in) but the menu was reasonably priced and had a nice selection, especially breakfast. Location was very nice. I was attending the ICAAC convention at the Marconi Convention Center, and after seeing how close I was after the first day's cab ride, I make the walk then next few days - usually about 10 minutes. China town is only a 10-15 minute walk, and Union Square is literally just around the corner. You can walk about 2 blocks and catch the Powell Street cable car to Fisherman's wharf.The staff was WONDERFUL. I especially appreciated the attention the front desk person, Mounia, took to recommend places for me to see, and how to get around on the public transportation. I was able to save on cab rides by taking buses, trolleys, the MUNI and the BART. I will definitely plan to stay at the Warwick SF again. I do recommend the suites if you plan to have any of your business associates stop by, or if you have two or three in your party. 19th century hotel rooms were not nearly as spacious as rooms today, so the little extra for a suite is worth it if you're going to conduct any meetings or gatherings in your rooms. PS - Try the restaurant downstairs, they have an excellent menu and reasonable prices.	
Sep 20 2009 	Fabulous	This hotel is elegant. The room was a little small, but very nice. The staff were friendly and extremely helpful with directions and maps. The location is very convenient to transportation and tourist attractions. Will definetly stay there again.	
Sep 7 2009 	Warrick Hotel	The Room was clean and tidy will all mod cons. The room was small but suited as not much time was spent in the room apart from sleep. 1 1/2 blocks from union square and public transport. 10mins walk to the main shopping cenre.	
Aug 25 2009 	Good Hotel for the Price	Had a good stay here for two nights. The room was clean and staff friendly. Valet parking is a little bit pricey, and a google search should show better deals close by. Would stay again.	
Aug 24 2009 	A perfect stay a perfect location	The Warwick Regis is our favorite SFO hotel - for leisure or business travel. This time we were in town for a conference and we passed on the conference hotel (too large and too impersonal) and instead booked our stay at the Warwick Regis. Its location is convenient - the conference hotel was just a block away, BART and the cable car lines a few blocks further. You're able to walk through the neighborhood and check out local restaurants (like Cafe Mason and Katana-ya). But the best part is the charm of the hotel. The room was beautifully appointed, the staff friendly and accessible. We did not eat at the hotel restaurant, but promised ourselves that we'd check it out the next time.	
Aug 15 2009 	This is my favorite hotel in San Francisco	I have staye dhere many times and never been disappointed. It is convenient and teh staff treats you well. It is quiet and provides everything you need in a boutique hotel.	
Aug 4 2009 	would have been ok if the sheets had been clean	The first night I got to the Warwick, I climbed into bed only to find that there was a piece of crud already in there (I will spare you the details - trust me, it's gross). When I looked closer, I also saw some little hairs on the sheets. I suspect that the sheets were not changed after the last guest left, and I was really disgusted. The front desk staff sent someone to change my sheets when I asked, but he didn't bring a fitted sheet with him and asked me if I wanted the fitted sheet changed - as if there were some reason I would want to sleep on someone else's filthy sheet!Basically, the service was ok, but the hotel is not clean - I was disgusted staying there. Also, travelers should note that the hotel is on the corner of Union Square and the Tenderloin (which is not a safe or clean part of town).	
Aug 2 2009 	Warick Hotel Update	This is the second time I have stayed at the Warick and again it was as nice as ever. Rooms are small, large bed, desk with flat screen TV and a comfortable chair. Bath is nice, very clean, except for around the basin fixtures, they need a good cleaning. The staff is very friendly, always a smile and hello. Check in was quick and so was check out. Internet use is at a cost of $10.95 a day, but there is one free computer in the lobby. The location can't be beat, two blocks from Union Square, which means you won't here the clanging of the cable car bells as they move along Powell Street. The hotel is across the street from the Curran and Geary Theatres which offer live professional stage plays. The hotel does have a small bar, and dinning room with limited menu. In the afternoon complimentary coffee, tea and cookies are served in the lobby.	
Jul 27 2009 	Our favorite San Fran hideaway - charming convenient excellent staff.	Don't pass this one by! A charming Victorian boutique hotel that's perfect for a romantic stay or a weekend getaway. Beautifully appointed rooms with traditional decor – comfortable beds. An easy walk to galleries, theaters, Macy's, Union Square, big name hotels and other downtown shopping destinations. They serve a lovely breakfast in the mornings and have a bar/restaurant on site. And if you want local flavor, visit one of 2 coffee shop within the same block (one is 24 hrs.) We have stayed her on many occasions and return with every trip to SF. This is the place to come if you're looking for something more than &quot;looks like the last place we stayed&quot;	
Jul 21 2009 	very happy traveler	it was less then a mile from the Bart so i walked with a suitcase on wheels. the service was excellent and the windows worked well. Clean place! A junior suite is the way to go.	
Jul 16 2009 	Convienent location.	We picked this hotel via Expedia due to its cost and location. The hotel staff were very friendly and quick to offer any assistance that we needed. Though the room was small on the small end, it was clean and comfortable	
Jul 10 2009 	MEMORABLE UNIQUE CUSTOMER for LIFE	This petitie hotel is wonderful! The service is excellent and each member traveling with me felt special and wanted as if visiting family, Additionally, the room was beautiful--filled with tasteful antiques and charming accessories!We plan to return over and over!!!!	
Jul 6 2009 	Miserable Experience	Although the location was nice because it was in the middle of everything (despite the sirens that we heard all night), our suite left much to be desired. While we had two TVs in the suite, we soon found that one of the TVs was only a 13&quot; stored away in the armoire. Since no one could really watch that TV, we all had to pile on the bed in the bedroom to watch the other TV. I found hair in various places all over one of the bathrooms: two on the soap dish, one on the towel I used to dry my hands, one in the bathtub, one on the faucet of the bathtub, and two on the rim around the bathtub. After being grossed out by all the leftover hair, we found stains on two of our pillows, saw cobwebs all around, and the pull-out bed was falling apart. With all these issues, we ended our stay at the Warwick and checked the next morning.	
Jun 24 2009 	Excellent Boutique Hotel Great Location 	This Hotel is a great little Boutique Hotel with classic European style, and friendly, courtious service. My room was not very large, but had nice details and was very clean. The Hotel is well located just a couple of short blocks off of Union Square, with plenty of good restaurants and bars right nearby. I was able to easily walk to the Convention Center, and BART train station. I stayed at this Hotel a couple of years ago and experienced equally great accomondations and service. I highly recommend.	
Jun 20 2009 	Don't leave your car in the hotel's parking	I stayed for my night on June 16, 2009. I paid more than $30 for a night parking in the hotel's valet parking at Toca Park. When I checked out, I found that my GPS was stolen. The Hotel manager put me in contact with the Toca Parking manager, then washed his hands of me. The parking manager basically called me a liar.The hotel itself was OK, though very noisy.I'll never visit this Hotel, nor use any valet parking again.	
Jun 16 2009 	Superb Service and Location!	My husband and I just stayed for 2 nights at the Warwick Hotel SFO. We received excellent service, speedy check-in to our streetside room. It had the BEST ever silent windows, ceiling fan and was nicely decorated in Victorian Theme, LOTS of storage...just perfect choice for a &quot;Non-bignamed Brand&quot; The bell desk, maid service, bar staff...all we contacted were fantastic. I filled out an online review, stated that the baseboard in the bathroom had some water damage, and received a personal reply from the General Manager that it's being repaired now. We would select the Warwick again.	
Jun 3 2009 	the service is great: timely thoughtful and truly hospitable	The Warwick is tucked a block behind the once grand San Francis. This was our second stay there--and the Warwick will certainly be our first choice next time we are in SFO! The rooms are compact but very well laid out and comfortable. I cannot think of a better value for the location and the service--which is unfailingly offered with a smile!	
Jun 1 2009 	Location location location	We had a Junior Deluxe Suite here for three nights. Only complaint we had was the check-in lady who at first didn't want me to pay in advance then wanted to over-charge me for room security deposit. The wonderful Rudy got it all sorted with lots of smiles, and free drink vouchers for the bar! Hotel room was great, couldn't have had a better room, clean and comfortable. Street noise not really a problem, one is in the middle of a busy city so one must expect some noise! The bar/restaurant staff very pleasant and obliging. Laundry service prompt and efficient, same day service. Great deli next door for breakfast or takeaway sandwiches. Authentic Mexican restaurant, pizza joint, Starbucks all 2min walk from hotel. Location was great, suitable for catching cabs, hire cars, buses, short walk to cable cars/trolleys/Union Square. We had absolutely no problem getting around SF from our hotel and the great map hotel provided! Some reviewers have complained re street people/beggars; they did not bother us. The hotel staff advise guests which blocks not to walk down etc. There were beggars down Geary Str but they didn't bother us once we told them NO. Every city has beggars, SF being no different. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who is wanting a warm welcome, comfortable beds and rooms, good food, olde worldy deco and location location location!!	
Jun 1 2009 	Top Class!!	Great location, great staff and a great stay. Will stay here again next time in San Francisco!!	
May 17 2009 	Excellent location friendly helpful stuff	We stayed a few nights on April 22. I liked the hotel including its location, its retro room decorations. We found the people there very polite, friendly and extremely helpful with most of the questions we had. Room and bathroom very clean and house keeping done very well. I would definitely go back.Some people complained about noise around the hotel: it is true the area is a bit noisy in the morning as the city wakes up but you are in downtown San Francisco, few blocks or less then 10 min walks from Union Square. It is a vey good and convenient location for travelers. Also keep in mind parking in San Francisco is very expansive ( 25 – 40$ per 24 hours). The hotel offer valet parking only (forgot the price but somewhere around $30 per day). There are several parking places around the hotel that you can check out (when we were there one offered $15 after 5 pm as long as you take the car out before 9 am next day). The reality is that you do not really need a car in San Francisco. If parking and noise are your primary concerns when booking the hotel then may advise for some other places towards the edge of the city or surrounding area but close to one of the bus main routes or the main metro line.The rating I provided for the hotel does not take in consideration are noise and parking since we did not have a car and we did sleep well at night (after walking through the city all day and also having some ear plug, we would have probably slept even if a construction project would have taken place below our window).	
May 16 2009 	Everything we needed.	Loved everything about this hotel. From the check in to check out-everything was perfect. The staff was very warm and friendly. The staff of the restaurant was exceptionally pleasant and professional. We had a suite-on the 7th floor as I requested. We asked for a room off of Geary-this seemed to be much quieter. There was a bit of noise from the Hostel in the alley-but it ended early. When you are in the heart of the city you have to expect a certain amount of noise. We had absolutely NO noise from within the hotel. We did not hear plumbing, other guests etc. I felt that the staff was very well trained. We were always greeted and made to feel welcome. All of our requests were handled quickly and completely. I will highly recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to the area.	
Mar 31 2009 	SOOOO Loud!	We stayed at the Warwick with our children for two nights. We were able to book our trip via priceline.com so the rate was reasonable but we later found out that the rooms were single queen beds only so we had to upgrade to a suite to accomidate our children. We were on the third floor. I found the room very claustrophobic and stuffy. We did open the two small windows at the end of the room but the street noise was unbearable. There were people yelling, skateboarding, sirens, and partiers. We have traveled all over the world and I have never stayed in a room that was so noisy. Normally if i think the noise will be a problem, I just turn on the bathroom fan or request a box fan. The hotel had neither. The location of this hotel is good and the rooms are sufficient but if you want a decent nights sleep, I suggest you go elsewhere. Also note that the only parking for miles from this location is only available in a garage at minimum $30/night plus the 25% tax and mark-up for any vehicle other than a car. Please consider this when comparing this hotel with others on the wharf that provide parking.	
Mar 20 2009 	Absolutely Romantic Unique and Spectacular	We booked this hotel from Canada, hoping to have a truly unique stay in the beautiful city of San Francisco. Well, the Warwick Regis didn't disappoint! From the moment we drove up to the front entrance, and the Valet/Porters helped us unload our luggage, parked our car, and escorted us inside, we knew we were making some marvellous memories! Check in was a breeze, in fact, since the hotel was full to capacity with a number of conferences going on in the city, we were upgraded from a regular room to one of the Deluxe Junior Suites! This charming suite featured locking French doors separating the bedroom from the parlor, a full Italian marble bathroom in the bedroom, as well as, a full bath in the parlor room with a stand-up shower. We had a crown-canopied queen sized bed in the master bedroom, and the parlor had a queen-sized sofa pullout (not that we needed it). Our 418 sq. feet suite had two separate entrances, two dual-line telephones, a guest safe, hairdryers, monogrammed robes and umbrellas. We consider Warwick Regis a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel, with rooms that are furnished with hand-carved headboards, antique armoires and a writing table. Very elegant, traditional and Euro-classic in style, in the style of Louis XVI. We felt as though we had stepped back in time, in history, to the golden era of San Francisco... with all the comforts of the 21st Century!We didn't use the 24-hour Room Service or the high-speed wireless, but we really appreciated the twice-daily housekeeping, overnight shoeshine service, the complimentary daily newspaper, the valet service and valet parking. We also enjoyed the complimentary afternoon tea, coffee and cookies in the lobby area available to all hotel guests. &quot;La Scene Café and Bar&quot; right on the premises, was handy as well as enjoyable, for lovely continental breakfasts! Terrific service! Our coffee cup was well attended!But what was it that we really &quot;loved&quot; about the Warwick Regis? Location, location, location!!! We were just minutes from from Union Square, and just around the corner was the Powell Market turntable that is the beginning of the Powell-Hyde (and the the Powell-Mason) Cable Car line . We either walked or took Cable cars wherever we went... Lombard Street, Ghirardelli Square, Fisherman's Wharf and Pier 39, we took an Alcatraz Island Boat Tour and then had a fabulous meal at Neptunes' on Pier 39. When we wanted to drive out the next day, the Valet Parking was very handy to get our car out front. We went out to the Golden Gate Bridge, the Presidio and the Golden Gate Park to tour the Japanese Tea Garden. At the end of the day, Cliff House, with its variety of fresh local ingredients and abundant seafood, was our choice for a romantic dinner, spectacular panoramic ocean views and our final Californian sunset. If you are looking for somewhere truly unique, for memories that you will treasure forever, then you must take them to San Francisco's Warwick Regis.	
Feb 3 2009 	Quite nice	The hotel is in a good location, close to Union Square and everything else you would like to see. The staff are very friendly and helpful.The room I was in was a bit small, but it's fine for a single traveler except that there was not much room to put my luggage. I'm not fussed about that. My room was on the first floor just above the reception and like some other review said, yes it was kinda noisy because it was facing the road with restaurants, pubs, and the theatre, but the noise dies down later in the night. Just make sure you draw your curtains when you are changing!	
Jan 27 2009 	Why Rated so Low	I was nervous after reading so many mixed and bad reviews of this hotel but I stayed here anyway because of the price. I was so happy I did because I found it to be a very charming hotel in an excellent location just a couple of blocks west of Union Square. The staff was very nice, the room was clean and a decent size and the breakfast at the cafe next door was very good and more than enough food.For a really good meal without going to far, try Colibri on the same block as the hotel. They have wonderful Mexican food but be sure to make reservations as they are always packed.In an expensive city like San Francisco, the Hotel Regis is a great choice without breaking the bank.	
Jan 20 2009 	Great Classy Hotel	I am a professional tour guide who owned part of an Italian travel agency. I live and work in San Francisco: I believe I know the city as well as anyone. It never ceases to amaze me the petty things that people point out in these reviews. Let me tell you, honestly, about the Warwick. The location is superb: two blocks from Union Square, in the Theater District, across from the American Conservatory Theater. The hotel rooms are not huge, but they are ample and as tastefully decorated as can be. People who call them &quot;old and outdated&quot; have never been to Europe: the level of detail, old world styling -- beautiful furninshings, bedding, and decorations -- is amazing. I read some reviews complaining about the price: newsflash. If you go in high season, without shopping for details on expedia.com, or cheapthotels.com, etc, you are going to pay a premium. A $250 room in August can be had for $99 or $129 in November, or during a weekday. The Warwick is beautiful: great rooms, great ambience, a cool bar -- La Scene -- downstairs, and one of the greatest neighborhoods in San Francisco. You're close to everything: Union Square, shopping, North Beach, the Ferry Building. If your idea of a great hotel is high tech, chrome, sparse, hip, this is not your place. If posh, stylish, old world elegeance, with class and comfort suit your style, there is not a better hotel in San Francisco. The bathroom may be small, but it's beautiful. I love the Warwick: it's where I stay when I want a romantic night with my wife...	
Dec 9 2008 	Looks better on the website	Decoration is very dated, rooms are small and not quite comfortable. Bathroom is small, and the wash basin is in the room. Rooms facing the Geary Street are noisy (avoid them if you can). Reception is ok. Breakfast was minimal. Meeting rooms are in the basement, and are not particularly trendy. Minibar was a joke, and I did not feel safe drinking the juice in the minibar. Positive side is the central location.	
Nov 4 2008 	Pretty but small	This hotel looked beautiful from the images online, rooms spacious and elegant.In person, it was old and warn down. Our room was a suite with two bathrooms. For a family of four, it felt cramped. Our view was of an ugly alley, you could actually smell the garbage.The employees were not helpful and not very knowledgeable of things to see or do in the city, or even how to get anywhere. They were able to access the internet to find directions for us, but my husband had to help them with that as well.The restaurant in the hotel was just okay, while they acted as though it was 5 star, they had snobby attitudes(not kid friendly), the food was marginal at best.Having said all that, we had one of our best trips with our children yet! SF has so much to offer. It was fleet week when we were there and it was amazing. We took the ferry(reservations necessary) over to Alcatraz and watched the Blue Angels air show from The Rock, unbelievable.Lots, of walking, our kids have lots of energy so this was not a problem, a stroller would not be so fun.The zoo was great! The exhibits are set up so you can really see the animals close up.Louie's restaurant next to the Cliff house is a must, good hearty breakfast, nothing fancy, but the view is unmatched. The Cliff house has been redone, we did not eat there, looked more upscale, again with an amazing view.We had a great time, just wouldn't go back to that hotel again.	
Oct 18 2008 	Old world elegance	The hotel is even prettier than the photos I saw when booking. It's a pure boutique hotel with classic decoration: antique chandelier, armchairs, granite counter top... I love the quiet elegance of the building and the staff is so friendly. Love to come back there one day!	
Oct 13 2008 	A Great Boutique Hotel near Union Square	My wife and I, along with another couple stayed at the Warwick Hotel on October 5th for one night. It is a great small hotel near Union Square. Our rooms (604 &amp; 704) were very nice. Even though our rooms were on Geary Ave, we did not experience any noise from the traffic. Staff is friendly and very helpful in giving us directions.	
Oct 12 2008 	Great Location	We have just had 2 and a half weeks around California with 4 adults.This was the most expensive hotel we stayed in and probably the smallest room ,given it was a junior suite but we enjoyed the stay.The staff were pleasant and the free internet was welcome.The location was superb and we were not worried by excessive street noise.For that time of the year San Fran was very warm and having no air-con was a problem.Overall it was ok	
Oct 7 2008 	Good stay - Great location	We did not really know what to expect when we &quot;won&quot; this room through Hotwire, certainly after reading some negative reviews here.However, we had a good stay. Sure, the room isn't that big, but it was nicely decorated and had everything you need. Moreover, rooms are very clean. We stayed at the back of the hotel, and had a very quiet room (on the third floor). It had a more cosy atmosphere than most larger hotels, wich we liked.The location is great, 2 blocks from Union Square, cable car stops and BART. I also read in some reviews that you have a lot of homeless people surrounding the hotel. We found that more a problem of the whole city, not the neighbourhood.	
Oct 5 2008 	Perfect Location!	The Warwick is an older and smaller hotel. The rooms are nicely decorated and a good size compared to other hotel rooms in San Francisco. The only drawback is that there is no air conditioning system, but not a problem as long as you dont go during a heatwave. Our toilet leaked a bit, but we figured out that all we needed to do was jiggle the handle. the weahter forecast was left on the bed each noght with some chocolates during the turndown service which I considered to be a nice touch. Staff was friendly and courteous, always eager to answer a question or engage in conversation if you had the time. Price was great. Walgreens accross the street was super convenient. We tried finding cheaper parking in the area, but other garages seemed a bit shady, especially when you can smell alcohol on the attendents breath. So we decided to go with the valet parking at the hotel for $35 a day with in and out priveledges. The location was amazing. We were able to walk to the beginning of the cable car line at powell and market st in just a few minutes (5 blocks). I recommend starting there, otherwise you might get passed up at other cable car stops because there is simply no room for you. There is also a subway at that same intersection. Buy a muni pass!. you can use almost every kind of transportation at leisure for unlimited rides. there are other tour busses that charge an arm and a leg to drop you off at all the tourist spots. with a muni pass, all you need is a map of the city to see what lines you need to catch. Super convenient for out trips to fishermans wharf and the ball park. We skipped the transportation for our trips to Yerba Buena Gardens, union square and chinatown. It was a nice stroll through the city. by the end of our trip my husband, 4 year old and I were all sad to leave. the location and price of this hotel really made out trip.	
Oct 1 2008 	Great Staff! Great Value!	I was traveling with family. I booked three rooms for three nights. All three rooms were clean, beds were comfortable and the staff was wonderful. I was concerned because of some of the negative reviews - but was happily surprised with how nice the hotel is. It is very small, but in a great location on Geary Street. The rooms were small, but last year I stayed across the street and paid twice as much for the same size room. There is no air conditioning and we were on the 2nd floor - leaving the windows open for fresh air caused it to be a little noisy at night. We left just the bathroom window open and it was fine. Each room had a ceiling fan - which kept it very comfortable and even a bit too cool one night. The beds were comfortable, but seemed a little smaller than a queen -- if you are used to a large king bed or need a large room, this isn't the place for you. It is an old beautiful hotel with large wooden moldings, large old fashioned brass keys (no digital door locks here). Large dark wood furniture but a modern flat screen TV with pay per view. There was one PC in the lobby for guest use (no charge) - with no charge for printouts - which is unusual. Sometimes there was a line, but it was free - so its hard to complain, right? I had an emergency and needed to be able to send and recieve a fax at 1 a.m. - the front desk staff jumped right on it and helped me out with no complaints - it was great customer service. (No charge for my faxes either.) When we called for ice, a bucket was delivered within minutes at no charge (except for the tip.) There is a safe in the room and the honor bar fridge was only half full so we were able to keep soda and beer in it without a problem without any extra charges. We asked for an iron and one was delivered. There was a hair dryer in one of the drawers. There isn't a closet. But there was an armoir and a lot of drawer space. There is a cable car stop about two blocks away. Decent (not great) pizza two or three stores down. There is a drugstore about 40 feet from the front door, as is a liquor store for snacks, sodas, etc... All in all it was a great value. We paid $107 per night, per room (plus tax) on priceline... in San Fran I would have been comfortable paying up to $160 per night for this hotel and still felt it was a fair price. The best part was that there were no little hidden fees for faxes, pc use, printouts, ice, etc...	
Sep 4 2008 	Nice stay	Very convient place to stay. Room was small, but comfortable. Bathroom VERY small. The only &quot;closet&quot; in the room was an armoire, which had a broken hanging rod. The bellman said he would send someone to fix it. Two days later still not fixed. We had to hang our clothing on the coat hooks. Not very convenient.We did not eat in the hotel, but did have a drink in their small bar, which was pleasant. We did eat at a deli practically next door, which was very good, and a few doors down is a Mexican restaurant to die for.We arrived prior to the rest of our party. We were early for check-in. We had our luggage plus all the luggage for family joining us from England. Staff stored all our luggage eagerly.Two negatives: 1. we overheard the desk giving totally inacurate information to other guests asking directions, and 2. when we asked where we could find a Notary they hadn't a clue what we were talking about.	
Sep 2 2008 	Pleasant surprise	Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Warwick Hotel in San Francisco. We booked the hotel on priceline - name your own price and were a little apprehensive after reading some reviews. Must say, our visit was very nice. Staff were friendly and helpful. Room was typically small, very clean and comfortable. We were on the 7th floor and had no problem with noise from the street (with our window closed of course). We visit SF every year and have stayed at several more expensive hotels and found really very little difference between them and the Warwick. Would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 1 2008	Pleasant Stay	I booked through Hotwire as a 3.5 star. This led me to believe there was a fitness center...they will give you privileges off the hotel site. It is an excellent location for Union Square...easy hop to the cable cars and shopping. It would also be fairly convenient for a convention at the Moscone with a bit of a walk.The entire staff were great and helpful. The breakfast in the restaurant was good. I would give it a 3 star. I was given a room off of Geary on the 4th floor and it was reasonably quiet. The carpet was fairly worn and the remodel is aging but the room was clean and comfortable...a little small.	
Jul 28 2008 	Just OK.....	The place looks better on their website than in person. The Warwick is a relatively small property in a great location on Geary in the heart of the Union Square area. Our room (a junior suite) was much smaller than I had expected (I would guess &lt;200 sq ft) with a tiny bathroom. Our room faced Geary and therefore to get any fresh air into the room it was necessary to open the sliding glass doors overlooking the street. The street noise is considerable, and goes well into the early morning hours - therefore if quiteness is a consideration, avoid the rooms facing Geary. Overall I would say this is a 3 star hotel in my book - the public spaces and hallways were well maintained, but the rooms (at least ours) look a little tired. And the bath was definitely 3 star material. So, great location, just so-so room, OK room rate ($200/night plus $35 for parking) - and noisy.	
Jul 21 2008 	Perfect Place in Union Square!	During an anniversary trip starting out in San Francisco, my husband and I stayed at The Warwick for 2 nights at the beginning of our trip and then our last night before we left California. This hotel was absolutely perfect for a multitude of reasons.The location is great and 2 blocks from Union Square. It is also around the corner from a cable car station. However, many places of interest are in walking distance....just put on your walking shoes. The room was very clean and comfortable. Although it was on the smaller size, it is definitely more than adequate if you are in San Francisco to tour about and not stay in your hotel room the entire time. The staff at the Warwick is one of the best parts of this hotel. Everyone was so helpful in providing directions, hot spots within the area, and transportation recommendations. Jake, the concierge, was the highlight! He is fantastic and a great asset to this hotel. Our final night at the Warwick was a treat! Because it was our anniversary, the wonderful staff upgraded us to one of their large suites! There are only 2 in the entire hotel. Room 803 was our's for the night and it was fantastic. Not only was it HUGE but it had a great plasma tv over the fireplace and a spacious bathroom. It was also extremely quiet and the perfect end to a fantastic week.We had a wonderful time here and would highly recommend this hotel to anyone headed to the San Fran area.	
Jul 12 2008 	Great Location - Wonderful Staff	I was somewhat worried when I 'won' this Priceline hotel after reviewing some of the negative comments on travel advisor website. I am here to tell you that the Warwick is a LOVELY place to stay. We asked for twin beds once the room was booked and were not disappointed. The room &amp; bath was very clean and decorated beautifully. We were on the fifth floor and the only street noise was the occasional ambulance. At night it was very quiet and dark in our room. The furniture included a Chinese armoire that held extra pillows and robes. The bathroom was lined in black marble with golden brass fixtures that portrayed an earlier time. All very elegant. We stayed for 3 nights and the turndown service with chocolate was never missed. Housekeeping came with iron within minutes of request and back again to pick up right when finished. Very attentive. I left my pillow and housekeeper had it waiting at the desk when we came back through town days later. Please don't let the negative comments on travel advisor keep you from booking this hotel. It was a great deal on Priceline and I was very pleased with our stay.	
Jun 22 2008 	Don't go to Warwick in San Francisco	Hotel rooms looked big and beautiful online. Rooms (we had a jr. suite) was actually very small. Fold out sofa bed had terrible mattresses. Heat wave forced us to need a fan but fan was in the guest area, not the main room. First room had no window fan so we had to buy one downtown. First room we were assigned had major plumbing leak develop and we asked to be moved to another room. Hotel personnel said she could only put us in a room with one double bed and there were 3 of us! She had no sympathy for our dilemna. Took the maint. dept to get someone else to see we HAD to be moved right away. Also, they advertise free complimentary coffee in lobby in the morning. In fact they only have it from 6am to 7am... hardly a time you want to get up and dressed when on vacation! They also tried to overcharge us for honor bar items. We go to San Francisco a great deal but would never stay there again, and will advise others not to as well.	
Jun 20 2008 	overall very good	My husband and I stayed at the Warwick Regis for 4 nights as part of out honeymoon. The room was nice with a comfortable bed and cute antique decor. It was very small though as was the bathroom. The room and bathroom were clean but obviously very old. The front desk staff were all very helpful in directing us to places we should go in town and getting us a shuttle to the airport that was cheaper than a taxi. The hotel is a a great location within walking distance of Union Square shopping, theater district, and a little farther walk to North Beach and Chinatown. It is also very convenient to the transit systems. We ate breakfast one morning in the hotel restaurant and it was good but very overpriced for the amount and slow service. All in all we had a great stay and would stay at the Warwick Regis again.	
May 26 2008 	Great stay	Just spent 2 nights here, had a wonderful time. Clean, neat room, very helpful staff, We found it to be in an excellent location in the theatre district. It was close to all the transit lines. The staff got us an airport shuttle took us to and from the airport within 1/2 hour. Look forward to a return trip and will stay at the Warwick.	
May 11 2008 	Charming great location overpriced	I booked this hotel through the JavaOne conference web site for $175/night.The lobby is small and typical of the boutique genre. The folks at the front desk are friendly, and check-in was quick and pleasant. Although they were pretty sure the hotel was able to honor a government rate, they were unable to give one. They copied my ID and said they'd talk to management, but I never saw a discount appear on my bill.Upon entering the room, I was struck by how nice and charming it looked (really bad pictures taken with my phone enclosed).I received the Chronicle each morning, which I enjoyed.Other visitors complained of poor water pressure--mine was fine. My room was clean and there was no sign of mold (as another reviewer had said).Others complained of a poor or dodgy location. They're nuts. The hotel is in the heart of the theater and shopping district, it's walking distance from Chinatown, North Beach, the Civic Center, and the Moscone Convention Center (to which I walked each day for a week). Several great restaurants are located within a block. And dodgy? By their definition, the entire city is dodgy. The homeless are everywhere, not just here. Now, the Tenderloin is dodgy, but It's blocks away, but close enough that visitors should learn where it is. I've walked through it many times at midnight. (I was only on Market, but I still didn't like it.) My small complaints include squeaky plumbing and doors on the closet.I was disappointed that breakfast wasn't included.I also couldn't believe that the refrigerator was located at the head of the bed. I just unplugged it at night. The other problem with the refrigerator is that while I was given a key to it, there was no obvious place to use it. It appeared that the lock was covered with a disposable pull tab, but there weren't any directions on the key, nor the pull tab. Since it wasn't obvious how to open the refrigerator, and I didn't really need to open it (except to satisfy my curiosity on how it was stocked), I didn't want to risk breaking something.The traffic noise was loud, but I can't take any points away for this as a room on the second floor on Geary is going to be loud. Earplugs were sufficient to ensure a good nights sleep, however, and the bed was certainly comfortable. A room on the top floor should be much better, as well as a room in the back (although you'd probably give up the view).And finally, the room was way overpriced. I'd be comfortable paying $125 for the room (so the sub-$100 Priceline deals are great bargains).	
Mar 25 2008 	A good hotel	Stayed at The Warwick Regis at the beginning of Feb. This was our first time to San Fran and we were very pleased with the hotel. Yes, it was old fashioned, you were given a key for your room, not a card to swipe, but, this just added to the authenticity of our stay. Great Loacation and helpful staff. The room was perhaps a little small but adequate. The resturant was excellent. Would definately go again.	
Feb 28 2008 	Terrible visit!!!	The shower had no pressure and water temp was cold or really hot, nothing in between. They gave us another room and we saw mold growing on the ceiling and walls. We would have checkout out early but we pre-paid for the rooms on hotel.com. They tried to charge us for the room change, and even fought with me about it when i check out....This place was a joke!	
Dec 8 2007	Charmingly Old Fashioned	We stayed at the Warwick-Regis Hotel for one night for $92 on Priceline. We liked the location in the theater district - it is walking distance to theaters and a lot of cute restaurants. I can recommend David's Delicatessen a few doors down for breakfast and, although I haven't been there, I have heard that Dottie's True Blue Cafe, about three blocks away, is very good. The line was too long so we didn't go there this time. The restaurant in the hotel, La Scene, was good also. The hotel is on a noisy street, but we were on the 7th floor and the room was very quiet. The doorman tried very hard to get us a cab but it was very difficult the night we were there and we ended up walking nine blocks to our party. Check-in was friendly and efficient and the room was small but quite nice. I don't have anything negative to say about the hotel, and we would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 13 2007 	Disappointment from Reservations Manager.	My husband and I had gotten a great deal on Priceline at $80 per night for 5 nights. A couple of months before our scheduled arrival, I had called and told them it was our honeymoon and was told that there would be a complimentary upgrade upon arrival.We were really excited and upon check-in, (smooth check-in with Natasha - she is awesome, very friendly, helpful and upbeat) we were reconfirmed that we had a complimentary upgrade. The guy who worked with Natasha that night was really good too.Rooms: We got a junior queen suite. Very pretty and old-fashioned. Turn-down service was great our whole stay. The room wasn't huge. It would be about a standard room say, in a Hilton hotel. The bed was comfortable but a little hard though.Bathroom(s): We had 2 good-sized Bathrooms. One with a tub, and the other just a shower. Water pressure was really, really good.Restaurant: We wanted to have breakfast there but the continental breakfast looked so unappetizing, we decided to skip it. Dinner however, was amazing. We went back twice for the Risotto. The guy who served us on Tuesday, Oct 9th was really good. (I'm sorry we forgot his name but we remember he is from New Jersey).On the day of our check out, we were told that there was a problem in the system and that we had to pay for our upgrade. The lady helping us out was really sweet and was trying her best to speed things up. They had the reservations manager - Kristen Bowman - come upstairs. She was aware that it was our honeymoon and because she thought that we were trying to check-in, she actually suggested that we DOWNGRADE our room if we didn't want to pay the balance - Great suggestion, huh? She was absolutely unaccommodating, cold and unfriendly about the whole situation. My husband and I actually apologized if there were any misunderstanding on our end when we had called the hotel before but she just said that she couldn't do anything about it, did not apologize, and left the situation to the front desk manager and walked away. Is that how a reservations' manager should deal with a situation? You guys decide.Now, the front-desk manager was really helpful, apologetic and sincere in helping us. He couldn't waive the extra charges (which we didn't care at this point) but he did offer us a slight discount which we appreciated. All in all, it was a comfortable stay with great service from the staff. But given the attitude from the reservations manager and the probability that we may have to deal with her again for our next reservation, we doubt we will ever stay at the Warwick Regis again.	
Oct 11 2007 	Good time - not a great time.	We got this via Priceline and it was good value at $80USD per night for 4 nights. The room was quite small, but big enough for us, all we needed to do was sleep in it really. Very appealing decor, nice and old fashioned. Clean enough, and the turndown with a chocolate on the pillow was lovely.Front desk staff seemed a little uninterested - we were supposed to have 2 bathrobes in the room. There were none, so we told the staff &amp; 1 was sent up! We did not bother asking again. Also the free afternoon tea in the lobby was only coffee after the first day. We asked for tea &amp; the desk clerk said there is none. Apparently getting some more tea bags &amp; hot water was impossible! And stayed impossible for the next 3 days.Location was abit dodgy after dark, but was handy to everything - public transport, food, theatre etc. And we enjoyed seeing the fire engines go by regularly, sirens wailing.	
Oct 3 2007 	Surprising Gaps	I stayed at this hotel while I was at a conference. The Union Square area in which it is located has many pan handlers but they are harmless although annoying. The hotel is in the theatre district and therefore very convenient if you want to see a show. Chinatown is only a few blocks away.This is a small, clean, boutique hotel with a French Baroque theme. The rooms are clean, quiet, small and charming. If you don't like using a real key to open your room, or hearing old plumbing pipes squeal, you shouldn't stay here. The housekeeping staff is very accommodating. They turn down your bed at night too.However, I was surprised at a few things. The internet rarely worked and no one on staff knew what to do about it or cared. I don't know whether they accommodate laptops in the rooms. You might want to look into that if you need a computer. Also, I had prepaid my bill. However, when I checked out they had no record of it. I was glad I kept a copy. Finally, they keep coffee in the lobby only until 7am. Then it is whisked away. So, you'd better get up early if you want to get a cup and sip it in your room and relax. There is always Starbuck's next door or room service, of course. I guess I have been spoiled with in-room coffee makers or a vat of coffee on tap in the lobbies of other hotels I have stayed at.	
Sep 21 2007	Excellent hotel	We decided on a wednesday to spend the night on thursday in the city. We have a two year old and grandma was with us so we wanted a two room suite. Making the reservation was easy. When we got there they tld us they had upgraded us to an even bigger suite since we needed a crib, which they provided for free. The hotel wasn't hot or noisy as i read in previous comments. We have stayed in lots of hotels, including fancier one that dispointed us and the warwick was just the opposite. The main thing is that absolutely everyone who worked there was polite, helpful and so very nice in a genuine way. And i don't think yu could find a better deal for a suite, especially considering the extremely covenient location.	
Sep 17 2007 	Great location - air conditioning NOT required~!	We are well seasoned Canadian travellers, age 48. Booked this hotel through the hotel website, after checking numerous review sites on the web. We LOVED this hotel and have no hesitation recommending it to others. Like a previous poster, we had the good fortune of visiting this beautiful city during a heat wave. Not having air conditioning was a non issue for us, and the lack of morning fog was a bonus! The overhead ceiling fan did a more than adequate job cooling our room. We had requested a top floor (7th) non smoking room on the &quot;back&quot; side of the building, and we had a lovely room. No view mind you, but we spent so little time in the room this was also a non issue. The bathroom was small but spotless, the bed very comfortable. The rooms are a bit small, but ample room for 2 adults and their luggage. The location is great for shopping and theatres, which we didn't do; and convenient to public transportation for sight seeing, which we did. A bit of an aerobic excercise walking up Nob Hill and over the top down to Fisherman's wharf, but well worth the effort. Slow down and admire the architechture and interesting sights both up and down the hills in every direction! Lots of restaurants and coffee shops in the area, we enjoyed Foley's Irish pub a couple of blocks away on O&quot;Farrell. The hotel's continental breakfast of coffee, juice, fresh fruit salad, croissants/pastries, yoghurt and cereal was more than adequate to fill us up and tide us over before take away crab cocktails at lunch! We hope to back for another stay at this gem of a hotel.	
Sep 10 2007	Stay somewhere else if you can.	Overall, I felt that the Warwick was a fine hotel in a fine location with a couple of glaring exections. First, there was no airconditionining in the hotel. We happened to be in San Fran during a heat spell and were very uncomfortable. The other problem was the valet parking. We were told it was the best option for parking, so happily paid the $35. The next morning on our way to catch our flight, it took 45 minutes for them to retrieve our car. They let us know this was standard procedure, so be sure to factor this in if you stay here. No one told us in advance, and it made for a very stressful morning as we watched the minutes we had to check in at the airport tic away. The hotel isn't horrible, but the rates are comporable with other, much nicer hotels in the same area. Stay at those if you can and avoid the Warwick.	
Sep 4 2007	Great Hotel!!! Location Size Atmosphere	I've read a few reviews on this hotel and want to start by saying, when you book a hotel in a busy downtown theater district, near 24 hour delis and at least one fast food restaurant... YOU SHOULD EXPECT THE NOISE OF THE CITY TO ENTER YOUR ROOM. I've read one too many people complain about the noise and that should not be held against the Warwick. The hotel is CLEAN, considering where it is located, essentially quiet. You are in walking distance to nearly every possible &quot;attraction&quot; as well as a variety of stores. A cab from the Warwick to almost every corner of San Fran costs under 15 bucks (and when I say corner I mean the far corners). Shorter cab rides, which will hit way more attractions run under 10 dollars. The hotel is just minutes away from the major subway station for both the BART and the MUNI. I believe we had chocolates placed in our room at least twice a day, and one day we really think they actually made up the room two times! The Warwick is just about the only hotel I would tell anyone to frequent in the San Fran area.	
Aug 30 2007 	Great Experience!	My husband and I just returned from San Francisco. We booked our hotel through Priceline and stayed at the Warwick Regis. We had a great room on the 7th floor (we called ahead and requested a non-smoking room on the top floor). The room was lovely, more than enough room, quiet, and had a great shower! The front desk staff was always polite and helpful. A short two block walk and we were able to pick up the cable car to Fisherman's wharf, or walk five blocks to Market Street to access the BART or bus service. At the end of the day we walked into our room and soothing music was playing with the bed turned down and chocolates awaiting us on our pillows. We loved San Francisco and as far as our experience would recommend the Warwick Regis.	
Aug 29 2007 	Charming Hotel - Good Location	Being in the travel industry for almost 20 years I have had the privledge of staying at many fine hotels and can be quite critical so I hope you find this review helpful.The Warwick Regis is a wonderful hotel. Built in 1913 it has retained a lot of it's old world charm. I believe I read that the chandelier came from Laura Ashley's mansion.The hotel sits at the corner of Geary and Taylor just two blocks from Union Square. As with many of the small boutique style hotels of San Francisco the Lobby is small but tastefully decorated.Check in was a breeze and the front desk staff were effecient and friendly. They were always there with a smile and eager to offer recommendations or suggestions.The room was a Jr. Suite which had a living room area and fireplace with a balcony(room 604) and faced out onto Geary. I had read the comments about other rooms being quite small and did peek into a few while staff were cleaning. They seemed fine and not overly small. The bed was quite comfortable and had no problems considering some comments on here saying the beds were rock hard. In general the room was in very good condition and decorated quite well. At least with my room you could tell some of the furniture had seen better days but only if you really looked closely most people probably wouldn't have noticed.One quirky little feature of the hotel was they use actual room keys and not card keys. Haven't seen those in years! But I thought it was a nice throw back to the yester years of travel. I hope they don't change over to card keys.It is true that most of the hotel rooms do not have AC or coffee makers. I did ask the front desk which rooms did have AC and I believe they said only the two executive suites have AC. But unless there is some heatwave in SFO you really don't need AC. As far as the in room coffee makers go it didn't bother me. I liked getting up and going down the street to StarBucks and getting my cup of joe in the morning. In room coffee is not the greatest anyway.Regarding the neighborhood and homeless and the message parlor behind the hotel. Like the management's previous response, San Francisco is an ecclectic city with diverse cultures. The area the hotel sits in is quite fine and not unusal at all to see message parlors or the many homeless pan handling but if your not use to it it can be a little unnerving.If you like me and like to have room service, I would skip this at the Warick. Most food is purchased from a local diner down the street a block and brought back to the hotel by staff. The food was mediocre and not worth the price.If you thinking about staying at this hotel and have found a good price(they do seem to be much lower than most hotels in the area) have no fears The Warwick Regis is a good place to stay!On my next trip back I would have no problems staying at this hotel again.	
Aug 23 2007 	Worst experience We do not recommend this hotel!	First, the hotel management was somewhat rude to us upon arrival. We booked though priceline and requested one double or queen bed, for my husband and I. We were we placed in a room with two twin beds, and were told that since we booked through priceline that was &quot;the best available room.&quot; The hotel manager reluctantly changed our room to one with a queen size bed after we insisted. The room was small but comfortable. Our window faced the street so it was fairly noisy throughout the night and the location of the hotel is not too good. In addition, this hotel does not have stairwell access to guests, however their stairwell has NO sign to indicate this. I was on my way to a conference and took the stairs and immediately realized that it was not for guest use because it was dark and appeared under construction. When I attempted to go back to the main hallway the door behind me was locked. I attempted to exit through various floors and each door was locked. Panicked, I called the front desk to unlock the door for me, and was basically told to find my way. I ended up exiting through the kitchen! Needless to say, staying at this hotel was an awful experience. I would not recommend it!	
Aug 16 2007 	Loved This Place	This hotel was lovely! Our room was everything we expected with all requests met. Comfy bed, chairs etc. We were pleasantly surprised to find body wash for showering instead of just the usual bar of soap most places provide. Keep in mind that it's not out in the country so expect to hear the typical noises associated with city life. Parking is a non-issue since staff takes care of it; however there isn't a clear sign for their valet parking but all you have to do is just pull up to the front of the hotel, go inside,check in and leave the keys with the front desk. If you are staying on a sunday be aware that the on site restaurant isn't open. However, you can still get room service by calling the front desk and placing your order from a local cafe. The hotel staff takes care of everything. Very nice and great service all around. Starbucks is about three doors down. Walgreens across the street. Near theatres, galleries, restaurants etc. We would definatly stay here again.	
Aug 2 2007 	Special Night at a Special Hotel	My husband and I celebrated our 25th anniversary at the Warwick and we could not have picked a more romantic hotel. Our room was absolutely charming and clean with a canopy over the bed and a marble bathroom with brass hardware. It was decorated with antiques and beautiful draperies, wallpaper, and upholstery. There was a flat screen television located on a lovely antique desk, next to a beautiful antique armoire and two charming upholstered chairs.Being from Ohio, with humid, warm summers, we found there was no need for air conditioning in the cool San Francisco climate. Our room on an upper floor overlooked the street and the drug store, for a fine, if not, stellar view. For fresh air, we opened the windows and fell asleep to the city sounds and slept like babies on the comfortable bed.We needed only to walk a few blocks to get to the cable cars, which we used for transportation to Fishermans Wharf &amp; Chinatown after parking our car with the valet. The only negative was the $35 a day charge for parking our vehicle. At the time I had bid on the hotel, parking was $21 per day. However, a few months later, the fee had jumped to $35. Even with the parking fee, the Regis was still a bargain due to the great price I received on Priceline.The staff was friendly &amp; helpful. The desk clerk even helped us locate a budget hotel for our next night in San Francisco as we left. We will definitely return to the Warwick Regis on our next trip!	
Jul 31 2007	We do not recommend staying there.	We stayed in the Warwick Regis during our Honeymoon. Even though we had a guaranteed booking with late arrival, we could not get a room when we arrive late night. We were put into a provisional room with a provisional bed. The night was awful and we expected to be moved into a great room the next day. However we were put into a pretty standard smoking room while we are strictly non-smokers. Not a nice experience as well. Generally staff seems to be overstrained and not too helpful. We do not recommend staying there.	
Jul 30 2007 	Good Hotel but Noisy	Nice old hotel in a great area. It is right across the street from the Clift hotel and very close to a theatre, so alot is happening. Because of this, bring your ear plugs. It is very noisy at night and expect to be woken up several times by people on the street. Overall, it was a good experience.	
Jul 20 2007	Lovely but not perfect	This is a lovely, small European hotel with a great location just two blocks from Union Square. Our room, a &quot;deluxe queen&quot;, was comfortable, very clean, and beautifully decorated in a French motif. At $149.00 a night, through Expedia, it was a terrific bargin. The one criticism my wife and I have about the hotel is service related. Our first night our beds were pulled down. The next two evenings, however, we had no such service even though it was promised. Also, we were only given one set of towels the second day of our stay. Our experience with breakfast at the hotel restaurant, too, was not good. Very simply, the service was awful. (As an aside, the hotel does now serve coffee in the morning in the lobby. This had been a criticism in the past.) Even with these service-related caveats, we highly recommend this wonderful hotel. More attention from the hotel mangement to service would raise our evaluation from a 3.5 stars to 4 stars.	
Jul 6 2007 	A great way to experience San Francisco	I stayed here w/ my wife in March and loved it. We approached the hotel's front desk after arriving in the city to inquire about a midweek 3-night stay. We received a great price and had breakfast included (HIGHLY recommended: brilliant food). The staff were courteous enough and the hotel offered a free Internet terminal in the lobby. This boutique hotel offered a beautifully-appointed and decorated room, but it is small (in a cozy way) and offers no view whatsoever. The location was perfect for us, this being our first time to the city. It's a stone's throw from Union Square, a short walk to the cable car and shopping.	
Jun 18 2007 	Friendly staff but not perfect	We stayed 7 days / 6 nights. The highlight would be the very friendly and responsive staff. They are courteous without being snotty, which is the opposite of the hotel across the street (The CLIFT). Overall, the hotel is understated luxury without the snobbishness of many downtown SF hotels.The good:- Exceptionally friendly, responsive staff- Location near Union Square- Easy access to MUNI transport (buses, cable car)- Great bartenders in La Scene!- LCD television in room (~30in.)- Check-in and check-out were painless.The bad:- Housekeeping forgets to leave a robe or towels. (We had to ask daily for a new robe, as it was not replaced)- Beds are rock hard. I slept well, but did wake up sore every day.- NO doormanThe ugly:- Ask for a room on the upper floors. The homeless appear to be having a turf war at the intersection of Geary &amp; Taylor and are very noisy ALL NIGHT LONG.The best staff members are Marc @ the front desk and Martin @ La Scene.	
Jun 5 2007 	A very interesting experience.	Paid 80 dollars for this room through Priceline, and it sounds as if that's a steal in SF. If we couldn't have gotten this deal, we probably would have ended up staying at the airport. Anyhow....a few things:- Yes, the bad part of town is nearby. Here's my tip: Don't go southwest of the hotel. That's the Tenderloin district and it isn't very pretty. if you stick to going east (shopping and theater) and north (Wharf, touristy areas, etc), you'll be fine. The neighborhood the actual hotel was in seemed fine to me.- The beds are indeed pretty hard. My fiancee and I woke up both mornings with big time back pain. Let's just say we're more thankful for our bed at home now.- The decorations are very beautiful...it's a departure from your &quot;typical&quot; hotel...which I guess is what defines a boutique.- The room wasn't as small as some people made it out to be. If you want a Hyatt sized room...well...stay at a Hyatt.- This isn't close to the Wharf really...so that was a letdown. It was quite a hike to the coast!All in all..worth the money though.	
May 13 2007	great deal in good location	Best deal in town. Quaint and rooms were clean. Staff was helpful but no concierge in hotel. In theatre district - walked across street to see Jersey Boys, which was great. 1.5 blocks from cable car and 3 blocks from BART station. Walking distance to great shopping, chinatown and north beach.	
Apr 22 2007 	Great deal for San Fran	We recently stayed at the Warwick and was pleasently surprised. We received a great deal on the room especially for a weekend stay. It had everything we needed and was in a wonderful area of town. The bathroom was very large for an older city hotel. My fiancee loved the Plasma television in the room. The only thing I suggest is make sure you request a non-smoking room. We did not do this in advance and we were put in smoking. You could tell the difference. It had a strong smoke smell. Our clothes smelled of smoked even after we arrived in Napa several days later. This of course was an error on our part. Also be prepared to pay $35 a night for valet parking (the only non-public) with the hotel if you have a car. I would suggest this hotel to anyone. Great deal.	
Apr 4 2007 	Ready to go back to the Warwick	The Warwick Regis is an old world charming hotel. Its staff is friendly, helpful and courteous. Our room was small but comfortable with all the amenities -- bar, TV, dresser, wardrobe, extra pillows, extra blankets and plenty of lamps. The bathroom was ample for our needs. Our room faced Geary and we were fine with that. We enjoyed the activity of the street and liked looking out the window at the busyness below. There's no in-room coffeemakers or any coffee downtstairs in the lobby. You can get a free cup before 7 a.m.but not after.That's the only only negative thing we found during our stay. We walked a few doors down to Starbucks and people from other hotels were there too getting the java fix.La Scene Restaurant and Bar is located right in the hotel and the food delicious. We had the price fixe menu and our waitress was tremendous with personal service and patience like no other. We walked all over Union Square during our stay, saw a play and shopped and ate. We even went to Waldgreens after midnight and felt safe. Yes,there are plenty of homeless people. Every big city has its homeless. We did not have a car with as and we came in on BART so we cannot comment on the parking.	
Mar 6 2007 	Not too bad for SF	If you want to go to the Curran Theater (we saw &quot;Jersey Boys&quot;), this hotel can't be beat. It's literally across the street and very convenient to Union Square, restaurants, etc. As for the hotel itself, it's pretty decent. The front desk was not quite as friendly as others describe. Upon check-in (came via BART from East Bay), I had to stand for 5 minutes while they checked papers, talked on the phone, etc. Then it was pretty perfunctory. The plus: I asked for a top floor to keep the noise to a minimum. I got it...and then noted the windows have double-panels. You can open one, two or leave them closed for maximum quiet. The bed (as opposed to last reviewer) was just fine and it was clean and comfortable. Bathroom was cut above average. Yes, the room was fairly small, but they're all like that in SF. My main beef: When we checked in at 3, there was coffee, tea and cookies. But at 8 a.m. the next morning, nada. Nothing. No coffee (who ever heard of a hotel without coffee in the morning)? When I asked the desk, I was told, &quot;Oh, you can ask a waiter in the restaurant&quot; (and, I assume, pay $4 a cup or whatever for coffee). Would it kill them to put a pot in the lobby? All in all, though, I thought the Warwick Regis was a fine hotel for an evening of theater across the street.	
Feb 26 2007	Cute but BEWARE the Rock-hard beds	I pricelined a room at the last minute and ended up here. This is a cute little boutique hotel with quaint rooms. The only criticism I have is the ROCK HARD beds. Yowch, I woke up with a sore back the next morning. I think the floor would have been more forgiving. Oh, and the road noise from outside was a bit much.	
Feb 18 2007 	Nice place	I booked on Priceline and was worried because they claim it to be a 4 star and all other web pages claim three. I would say it is a three star, but a very nice one. My room was clean, no wear, and very nicely decorated. A bit small compared to large suburban hotels, but afterall this is in the middle of San Francisco. Some comments made in other reviews about adjacent businesses and street people are true of all downtown hotels. Fact is, San Francisco has a lot of homeless people on the streets and the city thinks they are doing a good job! Not so in comparison to other cities. Overall, I really like the Warwick especially since my collegues stayed nearby at the Milano which was positively boring and sterile by comparison. They would agree, the Warwick was much nicer and the staff was good.	
Jan 1 2007 	It was alright.	I guess I was expecting something a little nicer when it said luxury 4 star. This hotel was clean and nice. It was on a busy street and so sleep was hard to come by. Being right on Geary Street, sirens could be heard all night and the old water pipes were noisy at 5am from the neighbor. The hotel is walking distance from Union Square and close to great galleries. Parking fees were really expensive but included in the room when we booked. I probably wouldn't stay here again unless it was a really good deal.	
Nov 29 2006 	Old world elegance updated	First a note on the &quot;poor&quot; reviews: If you do not like quaint, cozy, warm, charming then do not stay here. If you think &quot;historic&quot; buildings are small, smelly, and have small elevators then do not stay here. If you do not want to experience San Francisco's energy, shopping, dining, theater all within walking distance then do not stay here. This is a great hotel, with each suite different from the next. The staff in both hotel and restaurant are exceptional and friendly. The fellow guests my partner and I met at the hotel bar were engaging, educated, and friendly ( we even exchanged email addresses) We will be back to the Warwick each time we visit the city. If you like cookie cutter, larger, cold hotel rooms stay at a Hyatt or Hilton or other namebrand hotel. This hotel offers TRUE San Francisco charm.	
Nov 27 2006 	Exceeded expectations	I booked a Friday night stay at this hotel with apprehension after reading previous reviews. I must say that I was very satisfied with my stay. The room was small, but I have encountered smaller rooms in big cities. Our room overlooked Walgreens, but my teenage daughter and I had no difficulties sleeping as noise did not seem to be a problem. The room was very comfortable and clean. The location was great ,as we were there for shopping at Union Square. We took the Ferry into the City, so parking was not an issue. We called housekeeping for more pillows and it took them all of about 5 minutes to get them to us. We arrived back from dinner after 11:00p.m. and felt completely safe walking from Union Square. The only complaint was upon checkout. I booked online and received a rate that was not the same upon checkout. After providing the front desk clerk a copy of my confirmation however, it was quickly adjusted. As a travel agent, I would recomend this hotel to all of my clients.	
Nov 24 2006 	Possibly in Transition?	In other reviews on this property I see several references to problems with the staff... Perhaps, not being rude – or unhelpful – but just clueless. I had the same experience – and this is the advice I have for staying at the Warwick. Manage your experience proactively – you can have a very nice stay in the city at the Warwick.It is a very useful home base for exploring the city – great central location. Easy to meet friends – shop – get to all forms of public transportation. Rooms on the back ally – though they do look onto the ‘charms’ of city life – are quite for the most part – clean and well maintained. I never felt unsafe or compromised for my stay at the Warwick.What I found to be compromising was their bookkeeping/check-in procedure. Our front desk clerk was busy trying to answer phones while training new workers – everyone was being helpful –there was a lot of busy work - but no real information. I signed in with my ‘x’ on several locations of their official sheet - ‘no smoking in the rooms’ – ‘no pets in the rooms’ – ‘your staying for this many nights’... But realized that upon check out – nothing had been said about the rate I had booked and confirmed. This was of course my oversight – and in the end things did work out - but if I had a plane to catch – or some such deadline – this would have been a complete derailment of my day as it took three trips to the ‘manager’s office’ downstairs and about 25 minutes to clear things up. I am a travel agent and upon booking a great ‘insider’ rate, the deal is that you get their ‘best available’ room upon check in. And we did get a great suite with two bathrooms on the 6th floor – on the back (quiet side) of the building. The hotel being none too busy – this seemed like a perfect time to take advantage of ‘best available’ and we where quite happy with our stay. However, checkout became a game of untrained employees trying to figure out how to handle a situation they had no idea how to deal with or correct – as the charges to my account had been made at full rate – almost 3 times more– per day- than the rate I had confirmed with my reservation system. I also have worked for years in retail, customer service – and this lack of empowerment, depth of knowledge in the front desk does not bode well for the image of the hotel – this is really the ONLY face any guest has for the location – and I would be hard pressed to send any clients (thought well placed, clean and semi-reasonably priced) still, clueless location. Proper hotel check-in procedures and more training – or perhaps better employee retention would easily put the Warwick higher on my list of SF recommendations.	
Nov 3 2006	A secret we should keep	We heard about the Warwick Regis in the book &quot;Born to Shop, San Francisco&quot; by Suzy Gershman. The hotel lives up to the great review in every respect. We definitely will book here on our return to The City.	
Oct 24 2006 	This Hotel and Priceline both stink....	This hotel absolutely stinks - literally.I am a very well seasoned traveler and was absolutely mortified by the first room I was assigned at this hotel.The first room was overlooking an alley, no more than 10 feet from the street level. The window was covered in vomit from a street person and from what I could see I was looking accoss into another appartment with a man shooting up. Looking directly down - an adult sex/massage place. Needless to say, I didn't feel safe.So, when I contacted Priceline.com, which was absolutely worthless in the end, they contacted the front desk. Shortly, I was contact by the front desk and they sent a manager to look at the room and he was surprised to say the least.At that point, they were accomodating and moved me to the 6th floor. When I got to the room, the T.V. did not work and the bathroom had no sink - it was located in the room which I thought was strange. I noticed it was very hot and after phoning the front desk, I learned that they had no a/c in the hotel.I decided that I had been sold a bill of goods by Priceline, and once again, I phoned them to try and resolve the issue which was a pathetic mistake. To try and deal with Priceline to resolve an issue is nearly impossible and I suspect they try and make it that way.Priceline refused initially to refund my money. They called the hotel revenue manager and she had declined. So, I put Priceline on hold, phoned her directly downstairs and explained my situation. She agreed to the refund and apologized. So, I basically ended up getting out of a non-refundable, scummy hotel with no help from Priceline who sold it to me. This hotel stinks and is not a boutique hotel and Pricline is just as bad. This hotel needs a renovation to include a/c and Pricline should represent their properties accordingly.Stay away from this hotel and stay away from Pricline - they won't help you if you're in a pinch.	
Oct 19 2006 	Never got to find out	My husband and I were honeymooning in Northern California. We were looking forward to staying at the WR for our 2 night stay in San Francisco before heading further up the coast. When we arrived to the curb at the vallet, we were pleased with the location and the outside appearance of the motel and looking forward to settling in and relaxing after long day in the car. The vallet asked our names, went inside to I guess let the front dest know our names and came back out watching us unload our car. We were told that we had to get everything out now that we would want because they park the cars in different garages and it wouldn't be easily accesible for us to get our belongings in and out. After 10 minutes of us deciding what we would need and what we would keep in the car, we handed him our keys and proceeded into the front desk. The gentleman at the front desk gave us some line about how 'all the motels in the area had a glitch in scheduling and most of them-including the WR of course- were double booked'. Instead of honoring our reservations, they were sending us to the Courtyard by Marriott, where they would pay the extra on the bill and where he promised we would enjoy ourselves. It was true, we did enjoy the Courtyard by Marriott- A lot. We had a beautiful view of the city at night and had access to our car whenever we needed it. Vallet even ran to put things in and remove things from the vehicle. Everyone at the Courtyard by Marriott was sooo nice. I was really offended by the Warwick Regis, however. I couldn't believe that they waited for us to remove all of our luggage from the car at the curb before they explained to us we were not staying there. I thought that was incredibly rude. I also found it odd that other guests were coming in and checking in with no problems. If the motel was infact double booked, then why didn't they send people off based on a first come first serve basis? Also, they had 2 contact numbers for me, one which was my cellular phone which I had on myself. Why no phone call about the change in plans? Honestly, I believe that the 'double booking' story I was given was complete crap. I am assuming that because there were other events going on in the city at the same time, they probably got more money for the rooms, so they sent us on our way or something to that effect. If you're going to SF, stay at the Courtyard by Marriott. It's a great location and a nice clean place to stay.	
Oct 12 2006 	Don't Stay at the Warwick	My husband and I stayed at the Warwick Regis for one night after spending four at the Hyatt at the Ferry Building. My husband and I are well-traveled, so we decided on the Warwick upon knowing its reputation in New York. When we arrived ahead of check-in time, we were told that we would be getting a suite room. However, the desk clerk changed and we were later told that we had a standard queen room. There was a sign posted outside of the door that stated, &quot;Chemicals on the premises may cause cancer or be a danger to pregnant women.&quot; What??? The exact wording may not be there, but the point was clear. We asked the desk attendant about the sign and he sputtered something about the kitchen and keeping people out of the alley. Our room seemed as if it hadn't been dusted in several months. Also, we had difficulty getting our luggage in the room due to it's EXTRAORDINARILY small size. The bed was supposed to be a &quot;queen,&quot; but was actually full-sized. The sheets were scratchy and deposited lint on my black pants. The pillows were small and flat. We had to open the windows to let in fresh air, but people on the street below were so noisy (we were on the 6th floor) that we couldn't sleep! If you're wise, do NOT stay here.	
Sep 5 2006 	Very pleasant experience	We have just returned from San Francisco and staying at the Warwick Regis Hotel. I agree the rooms are certainly small but they are charming, very clean and extremely well maintained. It was a wonderful base to return to and very well located. Excellent value for money. We would definitely return.	
Aug 28 2006 	Great time at the Warwick	After reading many reviews I decided on the Warwick for a 3 day weekend in San Francisco. I found it to be charming. The staff was exceptional. When the shuttle bus to the airport failed to show up at the scheduled time the front desk clerk helped me find alternate transportation.Yes, the room is not huge but for 1 or 2 persons it was just fine.I had a nice quiet room on the 7th floor. Everything is within walking distance, shopping, theaters, restaurants etc.I will definitely return to the Warwick on my next visit to San Francisco.	
Aug 16 2006 	Sooo glad I didn't stay here!	I was recently in San Francisco in July 2006 and stayed at the Palace hotel. I did not actually stay at this hotel, but m boyfriend and I thought about it - so we went to the hotel to take a look at a room.I am so glad we did not make a reservation at this place. The staff was very friendly and accomodating to let us look at the room, but the small size of everything from the lobby to the elevator and rooms sent me into a panic attack. If you are the slightest claustrophobic, I would not advise staying here. There is NO air conditioning, the SUITE was about 400 cramped sq.ft. and the decor was horrifying and dark/gothic. There are loads of homeless sleeping outside sprawled on the sidewalk outside the hotel.Just thought this may help someone make a decision on what hotels to book or not book - since I didn't know...the Palace Hotel is great...	
Jul 30 2006 	Charming but not my cup of tea...	We stayed 3 nights, the rate was excellent and the location is great. Just a short walk to all the shopping you could ever want. The staff was very very friendly which made up for the oldness of the &quot;Old charm'. The room was clean but small. We had the junior suite which is the way to go so that you can have walking room and a place to sit. The armoires and bed looked just as it does on the web...charming. There is a ceiling fan and you can open the windows for some fresh air. The windows could use a good washing. The room with the sleeper sofa has the flat panel TV which is nice and there is actually turn down service. This &quot;old charming&quot; hotel we were told use to be a residence apartment in 1918. The hotel could use some sprucing up and a little more added amenties such as coffee maker. So it was an okay place to stay but honestly I wish I had spent just a little more for more modern accomadations. The &quot;old charm&quot; for me was not exactly my cup of tea. We did have a great time and we love San Francisco!!	
Jul 25 2006	Warwick Regis A+	Excellent little &quot;boutique&quot; hotel! Very Friendly staff! Perfect Location! We stayed in the Warwick Regis for 4 nights over the 4th of July weekend. Our stay was excellent! Perfect experience. Yes, the rooms are a little small and the sink/vanity is outside of the bathroom...but overall the rooms are very nice! They are decorated well and kept very clean! There is a safe and a fridge for you to use during your stay! There were free cookies and tea in the afternoon and chocolates on our turned-down bed at night! Free coffee would have been nice but they didn't have any. The good news is...there is a Starbucks like 3 doors down. Like I said excellent location. The only downside... was parking. It was pretty expensive ($29/night plus taxes etc), but what do you expect so close to Union Square in downtown San Fran. I would definetly recommend the Warwick Regis hotel.	
Jul 21 2006	Nice...	Nice... that about covers it. Staff is very helpful and friendly, and the place is very clean and well kept. Still... some of the rooms ARE a bit small. The ironing board hangs on the back of the bathroom door making a tiny closet of a bathroom even smaller. Neighborhood can be a bit dicey, but it's fine during the day. Would we stay there again? For the right price... but I'd still shop around a bit first to see if we could find something a step up for the same price. Frankly, if it was available I'd probably go up the street to the Hotel Adagio.	
Jul 3 2006	Repeat guest- still impressed!	We first found out about this hotel from some of our friends... two different couples at different times... who raved about the Warwick Regis and said it's where they always stay when they drive into the city (we live only an hour or so away). So we tried it for the first time about four years ago and have stayed there on average two or three times a year since then. Pros:Extremely safe, convenient location, walking distance to pretty much everything we need or wantOther locations in the city are just a quick cab ride awayWelcoming and helpful staffLovely, unique, traditional decor in each room and beds (some canopy beds) are comfortableMeticulously clean and nicely arranged roomsGreat bar in lobby for pre-dinner cocktails or people watchingDelicious breakfast in the restaurant Excellent affordable pricing- you can get great deals on their websiteSeveral choices for rooms, including Deluxe rooms, and Jr. SuitesTerrific spa products in the bathsTurn-down service is a nice touchRemovable Window fans that fit in the windowsills and suck in the cool night airCons: One side of the hotel faces a Walgreen's Drug store- not the most special of San Francisco viewsSan Francisco streets, like any big city's, are NOISY throughout the night. That's a fact. You will hear the noise even on the upper floors. No A/C- rooms can get stuffy- but there are seriously only about 10 days a year in SF that you would even want A/CRooms are small. It's worth upgrading to at least the Deluxe and even better, the jr. Suite. A size upgrade makes a big difference and can often be done at little costI have had difficulty getting the front desk to recommend certain rooms- they are noncommittal at bestLobby is small (but really lovely) and lobby/restaurant restrooms are in the basement, down a long hallway with offices and maintenance closets, past workers talking about stuff you don't want to hear about (I&quot;d rather not hear details about the innermost workings of a hotel and workers complaining about mgmt, etc.)We travel a lot and live in a tourist area ourselves, and every month or so we find ourselves craving a stay at the Warwick Regis. A really nice feeling hotel and a great home base for exploring San Francisco- and it won't cost you a fortune!!	
Apr 11 2006 	Nice hotel with nice service in a good location.	Just two blocks west of Union Square (and Powell St. with its cross-city cable-car line), this was a little gem. It was clean and had a bit of old-world charm. Just 7 stories (I was on the 7th) and originally was the &quot;Maryland Hotel&quot; built in 1913 (when the stay was just $1 per night). Service at the desk was excellent. The room was small but well furnished (with flat-screen TV and antiques). I didn't use the restaurant in the hotel; one can easily walk to any number of eateries (from fast food to expensive places - all within a block or so). I was attending a meeting at the Mosconi Convention center, and had a daily walk of about 20 minutes (maybe 15) each way (which was easy and nearly level).The surrounding of the hotel were good. Lots of shopping at high-end stores, and a quick hop on a cable-car can put you at Fisherman's Wharf within 10 minutes.	
Apr 5 2006	Clean Quiet 	I stayed at this Hotel, just steps away from the City's Theatre district to attend a seminar at the Crowne Plaza, north of Union Square. My walk to the seminar hotel was around 15 minutes. I stayed during the beginning of March of 2006. There are many resturants and food stores nearby. My check in and check out were smooth and the front desk staff were friendly and helpful.Rooms were old but clean and the cleaning staff did a very good job of cleaning the room each day. The sink is actually in the room and not in the bathroom.Since I was spending most of my time at the seminar, I did not spend too much time in my room. If I was staying with my girlfriend in the City, I'd probably stay somewhere more upscale. But if your looking for a convenient, clean, quiet no frills place to stay, then I recommend this Hotel. I booked the room with a online travel service.	
Apr 1 2006	Gem in Union Square	I wasn't sure what to expect after reading other reviews, but I had a wonderful experience at the Warwick. It's in a great location just two blocks from Union Square, has cozy, clean rooms, and a very helpful and attentive staff. We found a great deal for only $118 per night, too. The rooms are small, but remember this is a European-style boutique hotel. There was plenty of space for my husband and I in our room, and we didn't book a suite. Other reviewers have complained about street noise, but we had peace and quiet in our room on the top floor. When we checked in I requested the highest room available and even though the hotel was fully booked, they put us on the top floor. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Mar 3 2006	Convienient but small	I purchased this boutique hotel through Priceline. The hotel is near Union Square which makes it convienient to both the sights of SF as well as transit. Parking at the hotel was 29.00 per day plus 4.00 tax (which is par for the area). The hotel allows in and out privledges. The hotel was renovated in the late 1980's and is starting to show its age. The standard rooms are very small and are configured with a single queen bed. If you have more than two people in your party you will want to consider upgrading to a larger room. The room was clean and the hotel staff was attentive and helpful. This hotel (probably like many other in SF) did not seem to have AC. The area the hotel is in (Union Square) was not very touristy like Fisherman's Wharf. Keep this fact in mind when travelling with kids.	
Feb 25 2006	Central / close to Union Sq	My partner and I had a room for 4 nights and we have no complaints. The Hotel is very close to Union SQ and Market Street. We walked to the train station (for the airport-train). We had dinner at Max on the Square just a few minutes down the road.The Hotel offers free shower gel et. and is clean.Romm was of a good size. Would stay again.	
Nov 30 2005 	Loved the Warwick Regis	I stayed at the Warwick Regis for a week on business. The location was terrific- just a short walk to Union Square, and there was a bus stop right out front. The staff was the most professional, helpful staff I have ever encountered. The room was tiny, but it was more than adequate for one person. The decor definately made you feel like you were in a bed and breakfast- extremely charming. I strongly recommend the breakfast that they serve every morning- the food was terrific and the juice was freshly squeezed. I will stay in the Warwick Regis on all of my return trips to SF.	
Nov 12 2005	Exactly what I needed!	I was REALLY worried about my reservation at this hotel after I read the review from the single woman from Ontario because I, too, was traveling alone. I am glad that I kept my reservation, though. I thought that the Warwick Regis was a great choice. As with almost any urban area there were rough characters on the streets. However, because the hotel was small and there was a 24 hour hotel reception desk, I felt more comfortable coming from and going to the hotel. Although the rooms were small. the antiques were beautiful and gave the hotel the feeing of a bed and breakfast. I would definitely recommend this hotel!	
Oct 12 2005	Warwick Regis: uncomfortable neighbourhood	I'm a woman in her early 30's and stayed on my own at the Warwick Regis in San Fran in the summer of 2004. The hotel itself is very pretty in an old-fashioned way (with new fabrics and decor of course). My window faced a wall, so the room felt dark despite being nicely decorated. In addition, I found the neighbourhood felt unsafe at night for a woman alone. The hotel is right between the theatre district on one side and an impoverished neighbourhood with drug use and drug sales going on on the other side (the Tenderloin).If you're a tourist and want to be in a lively, safe, and tourist-focused area of the city, you should stay in the Fisherman's Wharf neighbourhood.lesley	
Oct 3 2005	small smaller smallest!	We recently stayed for two nights at the Warwick Regis, and had mixed experiences throughout. Perhaps we should have recognized that there would be some ups-and-downs immediately when, during check-in, one very hospitable clerk took us through the sign-in process while another Asian woman clerk screamed into a phone at the desk within five feet of us throughout the entire ten minutes of this uncomfortable and unwelcoming encounter! Our rental vehicle was valet-parked, a pricey ($29 +) convenience that allows unlimited access throughout the day, rather than &quot;in and leave it&quot; for the week end. It was always ready after we called down about 20-30 minutes before we needed it. Thank you, Nestor! The next- and major- disappointment was the size of our travel-site package room: surely the smallest they have! Be sure to check this beforehand, as it was barely big enough to walk around the canopied bed and avoid hitting the huge armoire. An upgrade would have added $40 per night to the bill. The room is clean, if not crisp- with its period brocade furniture and chandelier. The bathroom desperately needed a ventilation fan, as it harbored dampness and molding grout. Opening windows to get fresh air (since air conditioning is so un-SF) only lets in the rumbles and sirens of the traffic on Geary Street, a major thoroughfare. Also be careful about the snack basket placed bedside: the pricelist was missing and the temptation was great. The breakfast buffet looked appealing, but the very stately dining room on the right never seemed to have a diner throughout our two evenings stay. Coffee is free for the guests who venture in and ask for a cup -to-go.	
Aug 25 2005	Sweet helpful friendly 	Stayed here for two nights during the last few days of a whirlwind tour of northern california.. Found the front desk staff to be sweet, helpful, friendly and courteous.. the room was fine, although we did ask for an upgrade after the first night when it seemed as if all the fire trucks from SF's firehouses screamed by on Geary Streeet at about 3am.. We were moved upstairs the next day (they moved all our bags while we were out galavanting) to a much quieter 7th floor room and slept soundly that night. Free internet access, delicious breakfast, and great location (easy access to all public transportation) were excellent perks. Beautiful bathrooms, cotton robes, and good water pressure for showers were also appreciated and enjoyed. Leave your car at home or return it to the rental place (thats what we did) and take the trolley, bus, or BART.. they go everywhere, and parking is hugely expensive anywhere in SF. I&quot;ll stay here again in a heartbeat! :)	
Jul 18 2005	Friendly Staff 	The room was clean and comfortable - though small. However, I felt that was to be expected in SF and for the price, it was larger than the first hotel we had stayed at a few days prior. It wasn't anything out of the ordinary, but it was extremely dependable. There were no water problems, no heat or AC problems, no noise problems, no cleanliness problems.The staff was extremely kind. I had a print I bought which was too big for me to carry on to the plane, but I was hesitant about checking it in with the airline. The staff assured me that they could have it Fed-Ex'd to my address. A day later, I received a call from them saying they were having problems as Fed Ex wanted it packaged a certain way, etc. etc. Over the next few days over the phone, they were able to package it and price out the shipping with UPS instead to save me $100! I received my print in one piece, and I thank their patience and willingness to go the extra mile for their customers.I would definitely stay there again. You can't go wrong when the staff is willing to do that much for you.	
Jun 2 2005	Lovely hotel Wonderful service	We felt like we were the only guests at the hotel. The service was great! The room was kind of small, but very charming and comfortable. It is close to the major shopping district with plenty of good restaurants nearby.	
Jan 27 2005	Great Place!	We had an excellent time at this hotel. We were in an upgraded room on the corner of the building and thought it was absolutely beautiful -- canopy bed, marble bathroom. It did not have air conditioning, but we stayed in the end of June and did not feel a bit uncomfortable. The location was great. A nice little cafe around the corner -- Pinecrest Cafe. But, many other restaurants to chose from. We walked to the subway to return to the airport (maybe 6 blocks) without any trouble and was actually easier, cheaper and much more relaxing than a shuttle.	
Nov 15 2004	It was just fine for us	We spent 4 nights in the Warwick Regis In Nov/04 and found much of what other reviewers said to be true. Yes, the rooms are small. Yes, the sink is in the main room area. Yes, it is close to &quot;The Tenderloin&quot; Yes, it can be quite noisy even for our room on the 7th floor. However, these things were not detrimental to the whole hotel experience. The hotel has a great location, was clean and beautifully furnished, very quiet on the inside, and the staff were helpful but not overbearing. Depending on what you are looking for, this could be the place for you.	
Nov 1 2004	The best experience!	We loved this hotel. It's a great value, with 1st class service, beautiful rooms. It is everything it says it is. I didn't find our room to be too small, we had a bath with a full bathtub, turndown service at night and all of the staff were extremely helpful. It's in a great location and near lots of public transportation. I will definitely stay there again and recommend this hotel to all my friends.	
Sep 28 2004	Location charm and price - perfect combination		
Sep 18 2004	No free coffee!		
Jul 19 2004	great experience		
Jul 4 2004	Elegant Charm		
Jan 20 2004	Horrible Hotel: Do not stay here		
Aug 19 2003	Long-time client		
Jul 23 2003	Comfortable Small Hotel		
Jun 2 2003	Great service!		
Mar 2 2003	Union Sqaure Charmer		
Oct 21 2009 	???????????????????		
Aug 18 2009 	Ottimo hotel per visitare SF		
Jun 28 2009 	Blos nicht Ameisenautobahnen im Zimmer		
Jun 24 2009 	Un piacevole soggiorno e un servizio efficiente e cortese		
Aug 24 2008 	Hotel à éviter absolument		
Jul 23 2008 	Tolle Lage kleine Zimmer gutes Frühstück		
