	High brow low perks.	The hotel is nice and has quaint rooms. We stayed in one facing the park. I don't know if this is supposed to be the quiet side since the trolley cars and a busy street are right below. The view was lovely though. There are a lot of people standing around to serve you for a price. You can only valet park. The man who stands outside is very rude we weren't sure what his title was but he was very condescending to my husband. The valet parking attendants drive your vehicle like it's a drag race and every time you go to get your car you have to wait a long time for them to find it and tip them everytime. The desk clerk failed to tell us there is only coffee downstairs in the lobby from 5am to 7am and there aren't any coffee makers in the rooms, or microwaves, or refrigerators. It's just a room with a bed and shower no perks at all. If you want to order coffee from the kitchen it's over $13 with tip and a delivery fee as well so plan on going without unless you want to spend $20 for a cup of coffee. They also have to deliver your ice to you so if you want a cold drink plan on tipping for ice delivery. You also have to tip the door person, the bell hop, housekeeping if they bring an extra roll a way bed etc. I have no idea how much we ended up spending staying here but if we'd have stayed at a midlevel hotel I am sure we'd at least gotten a cup of coffee out of it!I won't be back to this hotel. I was very unsatisfied with the lack of amenities. How hard is it to include a coffee maker in a room? But then they couldn't make $20 per cup I guess.The pool and spa close at 9pm as well. We never even saw it since we went out to dinner in the city. That was one of the reasons we stayed here because our daughter likes to swim. Children aren't allowed at the pool only over 16 years old.	
Nov 13 2009 	Loved it!	This hotel was exactly what I wanted! It has historic charm and smells like aromatherapy throughout. Our room was huge, almost like a studio apartment! It was quiet and in a great area. The complimentary use of the pool/hot tub/steam room was wonderful and relaxing! There was a business center on the second floor where I was able to use the Internet for free which was a huge plus. I loved this hotel and would definitely love to stay there again! I got a great deal on this hotel with Expedia. I booked the hotel and flight together.	
Nov 7 2009 	Very nice stay.	Stay here for 2 nights in a Luxury Room and enjoyed it. The room itself is pretty big with a nice sitting area. The staff was nice to talk to from the doormen to front desk. The hotel has an old but classy feel to it. Would stay again without hesitating.	
Nov 3 2009 	This is a truy special hotel	We stay at the Huntington frequently when we come to SF. My family and I have stayed there for years and with good reason. It's unique among small luxury hotels because all the rooms are different. You do need to know which rooms to book so browse the site carefully and inquire if you've never stayed there before. Everyone's taste varies, so its important to know which room decor or room types you prefer as they are not the same like the Ritz or most hotels. But once you know this and you do a little investigating, you won't be disappointed. Service is excellent, its an elegant hotel with lots of history, and the location is wonderful--close to everything and near transportation. We are returning in January and can't wait to spend time at this very special hotel.	
Oct 29 2009 	Great Hotel good location	The room was spacious and airy and very comfortable.We had breakfast and dinner at the hotel and both were very good. The service was great - check in and the valet parking made it all very convenient to stay here.Very close to all the best of SF	
Oct 27 2009 	Great hotel!	Zero complaints, from check-in to check-out everything went smooth. Friendly people, good food, a nice big room (although the furniture looked a bit worn), superb location. All in all, highly recommended. Only the price is a bit high (but it's worth it!).	
Oct 21 2009 	The Best Hotel in San Francisco	We stayed here for the final 2 days of our honeymoon and were aware that The Huntington had a lot to live up to, as we'd enjoyed some amazing hotel rooms during our honeymoon. There was champagne waiting for us in our room and we had been upgraded to a wonderful room on arrival. Our room was massive. Great bathroom and comfortable bed with some lovely lounge space too.The staff are very helpful and nothing was too much. The decor is so very tasteful and the clientele were friendly. The spa is amazing and they offer a wide range of wonderful treatments. There is a great terrace to eat lunch on and we were able to check out and still use the facilities of the spa to shower before our overnight flight back to the UK. There is a handy business centre with a printer, so we could print off our boarding passes. There is no free Wi-Fi ($10 a day charge) so it was a good facility to have on-site when all you want to do is check in online.We went over to the Fairmont for a quick drink and a look whilst waiting for our room and I have to say - The Huntingdon was heads and shoulders above it in every way. Its distinguished, its classy, its a wonderful place to stay. I can't recommend it enough and although its a steep walk up the hill from Union Sq, its so well worth the effort!!!	
Oct 20 2009 	Great Hotel superb restaurant wonderful staff!	Great Hotel, excellent location, wonderful views from bedroom windows. Bedroom was large, with kitchenette and en suite bathroom which was lovely. Staff were so helpful and nothing was too much trouble. Room service was excellent . Easy access to local attractions using the cable cars. Hotel Restaurant was superb with wide choice on the menu. We would certainly have no hesitation in recommending the Huntington to anyone - it really made our holiday.	
Oct 14 2009 	Can't recommend it enough!	Beautiful hotel, gorgeous comfortable rooms. Amazing bathroom - nicest I've ever seen. Great views from the room over the city.The staff were helpful and friendly. Always a smile and willing to help get you a taxi, point you in the right direction and answer any questions. Some friendly touches too - bottles of water, little quotes on cards each night... really made you feel welcome.It's a great location (although the hill is MASSIVE!) and Nob Hill is definitely the place to stay. The square the hotel is in is so tranquil and the cable car stops nearby.Thanks to the magic of the Internet, got a great bargain too.Can't recommend it enough and was gutted when we left! If I go back to San Fran, I'd definitely stay there again.	
Oct 10 2009 	Nothing special on top of the hill	We reserved our room through SLH website, which as SLH club member should entitle you to one of those availability based upgrades. When we arrived, the front desk mentioned that we got an upgrade, but when we saw the room, one big disappointment: despite the respectable size, the room was dated, not well furnished and had no nice &quot;touch &amp; feel&quot;. Even a room at a chain hotel has more character.bell staff however is outstanding, concierge lacks some interest in what guests ask for and does not seem to have the &quot;contacts&quot; one needs to get you reservation at the top restaurants.Quite a disappointment for a SLH hotel ... but luckily there are other options like the Mandarin and even the Mark Hopkins Club floor rooms are much better!	
Oct 9 2009 	Old school luxury at the top of the hill	This hotel is is a lovely spot opposite the cathedral and on top of the hill with fantastic views - its quite a walk back up from down town! We got quite a good price through a webagent but the hotel took my cash on booking which they should not have done. After a couple of emails via the agent they refunded it with an apology. As a result (I think) we got upgraded from a deluxe room to a suite on arrival. This was on the 10th floor so had amazing breathtaking views over the city.Looking at the pictures on the website though I dont think it had been refurbished. It was perfectly fine and very spacious but a little old fashioned n the decor. We had a full living/dining room to relax in which was great. The criticism I would have of the room was the bathroom, perfectly clean and functional but not of the standard you would expect in a suite. Also there was no mini-bar or coffee making facility which would have been nice.The staff were great although the check in was functional, we were not given any information about the hotel eg. restaurant or spa availability etc. The restaurant food was excellent although sometimes a little overcomplicated. The restaurant/bar was very old fashioned though. Think dark wood panalling and green glass lamps. We are in our early thirties and brought the average age down in there by about 40 years! Didn't try the spa as the prices for treatments were extortionate. Overall a very good hotel but probably would appeal more to the more mature traveller.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Location and Great Staff	I loved arriving at the hotel to be greated at the door. The staff was very friendly and always had a smile on their face. I arrived early in the morning and they were gracious enough to get me into a room as soon as one became available. The hotel is very close to main attractions, with the cable car right infront of the hotel and just a short walk to Union Square (though the walk back is not for the weak, as it is all up hill!) The Spa on property was a great perk. I was able to sit on the balcony in the sun and have a great lunch and drink. It was so relaxing.Loved this spot and would definitely come back.	
Oct 8 2009 	Outstanding	Superior room, service and view. Lovely pool to swim in. Warm welcome every time I returned to the hotel. Complementary driver to within-city destinations.	
Oct 5 2009 	Excellent Hotel staff and facilities in a wonderful location	We had a wonderful experience in this hotel although a bit pricey. The California street cable car stops outside and is only a block from the Powell / Mason cable car which runs between Fisherman's wharf and Market St below Union Square. The spa facilities are excellent it is nice to start the day with a Steam / Sauna / Whirlpool bath or a swim. The rooms are large and well appointed with a good view of the city, the beds are large and comfortable. We spent five days there and it provided a great end to our holiday. My advice would be to try and book early to get a good deal	
Oct 2 2009 	Top of the hill	Stayed there in May for 10 nights and really liked almost everything about it.First very pleasant surprise was the booking rate (via an Internet hotel-booking site), which was stunningly low....so low that I don't have the guts to write it down here, beacuse it already made all my colleagues very jealous. I was also upgraded very easily to a very big room with an extra bed. The room itself contained a mixture of nice (real!)antique furniture, which was a big plus, compared to the somewhat old carpet and bathroom.The service of staff and spa are excellent. I received a warm welcome upon arrival with a complimentary coffee and cookies tray, daily newspaper and shoeshine service.This hotel is very worthwhile!!	
Oct 1 2009 	Best Luxury hotel in San Francisco	This hotel has wonderful ambiance, service and large tastfully appointed rooms. The larger deluxe hotels cant compare in privacy and service with this small gem. Best spa in San Francisco.	
Sep 29 2009 	Excellent hotel stay location experience	My wife and I stayed on our 2 year anniversary. We were automatically upgraded. We stayed in a suite which was huge. The room was beautifully decorated and comfortable beyond belief. The view to the city was also breathtaking. The location is central enough but know that the climb up and down to Union Square is a tough one. The spa was amazing and clean. This hotel is graceful and well appointed. Nob Hill Cafe is great as well for inexpensive Italian food with the locals.	
Sep 29 2009	I won't stay anywhere else in SF from now on.	I stayed two nights this weekend with my mother for her birthday, and booked the Huntington based on TA reviews. We were not disappointed!!! I've stayed in a full range of hotels but this was the nicest one I've been in yet. When we arrived, we were greeted by the nicest doormen, and the reception staff were very friendly and efficient. We were advised that we'd been upgraded (sssscore!) from a deluxe to a luxury suite, without even asking (I'm too shy to ask for these things usually anyway...) and our bags were brought up with us to the suite. The suite looked as though it had been renovated the day before, it was gorgeous! (room 606). Very spacious and luxurious, the carpets felt like chenille under our feet, and the room had all the requirements, from fluffy bathrobes to L'Occitane toiletries. Our suite was facing the side street; we didn't have a sweeping view of the city, but we had a very nice view of the cathedral kitty-corner to the hotel. I had my laptop with me at the hotel; the wireless fee was $9.94 per 24 hours and the connection was very quick. Also, we received a newspaper every morning, and our room service was served right on time both mornings by very friendly staff.We didn't have dinner at the hotel but we had drinks twice in the Big 4 Restaurant/Lounge. Don't be fooled, even though it looks like more of an 'old school' place (dark with lots of wood and old charm) the place was packed on both Friday and Saturday nights with 30-somethings and up. My gin and tonics packed a real punch (I'm not complaining) so I would think ordering doubles isn't necessary.When we checked out we left our luggage with the reception for the day, and when we came back, we were free to use the spa change room to change, freshen up, and repack our things before heading to the airport. We were very impressed with the staff; everyone looked as though they really enjoyed working there. All and all this hotel was so impressive I know I'll be back!	
Sep 27 2009 	First stop on honeymoon	We stayed here for 5 nights while on Honeymoon in California. This is a beautful hotel. It is located at the very top of San Fran so be prepared for a good walk! It is about 5 blocks from union square and the hills are hard!!! The concierge and porters were extremly friendly and helpful. They were so knowledgable about the area and were always recommending to us good restaurants and bars. Nob hill cafe is one block away and is a really cute italian cafe. The one drawback about the hotel was that food was expensive-particularly room service. We only had breakfast one morning. The pool and spa area were lovely and very clean. As we were a honeymoon couple the management treated us to a bottle of champers and a lovely letter of congratulations. All in all we would recommend this hotel. Great rooom..great staff...great stay!!	
Sep 25 2009 	Lovely hotel 	We stayed at the Huntington for 4nights as part of our honeymoon. We had a beautiful room overlooking the park. The rooms were very spacious and extremely clean. We didn't eat at the hotel as it was quite expensive and we wanted to experience more of SF. The restaurant &amp; hotel bar looked quite dark with wood panelled wall and dim lighting which isn't really our 'cup of tea' but it looked quite cosy and the other guests seemed to enjoy it.The Nob Hill Spa is beautiful and free to use for Huntington guests. You can use the swimming pool, jacuzzi, steam room and sauna but treatments are additional and quite expensive. There is a balcony with sunbeds that have an amazing view over the city - we enjoyed a few hours of rest and relaxation!The hotel is really central for Union square, Fishermans Wharf, Pier 39, Alcatraz etc. The tram runs staright outside the hotel and the hotel have a chauffer driven car which is available for guests on a first come first service basis.We really enjoyed our stay at the Huntington and would recommend it to everyone!	
Sep 18 2009 	Faded 'old money' at the top of the city	There were a few surprises around this one! Perhaps the biggest being that if we had paid the $375 rack rate demanded when we called to book, we'd have been somewhat underwhelmed. However, at the $165/night obtained via an internet booking site courtesy of Trip Advisor we felt more than comfortable with this slightly faded venerable old place at the top of Nob Hill by the cathedral. The entrance and entertainment areas are nice. However, once you get onto the accommodation floors, carpets are off-colour and rooms far from luxurious whilst more than adequate. Bathrooms are big with grand old marble sinks (his &amp; hers!). We were shocked to find that our room was clearly designed as part of a suite and the gap under the joining door was big enough (over 1&quot;) to hear all speech, and more. God knows what the neighbours thought of us! There's a useful small 'business centre' with computers and printers. The bar on the ground floor is all dark panelled wood with a lighted fire even in September and a tinkling pianist who although human seems to repeat himself like a loop tape. Adjoining, the restaurant is just as dark which is a bit off-putting at breakfast, but our queries as to whether there was a little daylight to help our psyches wake up were met with &quot;Goodness me SIr, no. This is a VERY historic restaurant!&quot;. Actually the waiting staff couldn't have been more efficient or charming, and the cooking was great.The facilities of the spa (pool, sauna, steam room, exercise room etc)) are available inclusive to hotel guests and its a great perk. Very nice indeed, if somewhat compact.Overall, for lovers of the older style of hotel, this place will certainly please, but dont pay the full rate. And remember that, if on foot, you certainly wont need the spa's exercise room after the stiff climb up Nob Hill!	
Sep 15 2009 	Great hotel	We stayed here for 5 days in August, this is a fabulous hotel in a quiet location. We were upgraded in our room and it was huge. A separate seating area with a really comfy sofa, a massive bed. Large bathroom with double sinks and a separate toilet and bathroom. It was very clean, modern and tasteful. We had a turn down service every day and the extra bottles of water come in really useful.The hotel is in a great location, its quiet, and a nice walk down to Union Sq, and Chinatown and a tram ride to Fishermans Wharf. Service was great, the doorman was helpful on arrival told us about all of the facilities. We used the pool a couple of times, the facilities are excellent down there.	
Sep 5 2009 	The people make the difference	In town for a wedding and weary from a day of missed flights from the east coast, our first contact at the Huntington was the professional and friendly doorman and bell staff. Throughout our week there, they were, without exception, friendly, helpful and down to earth, calling us by name all week. I found myself tipping well and often. The hotel was built in 1926 by C.P Huntington, one of the &quot;Big 4&quot; railroad tycoons along with Hopkins, Stanford and Crocker. Having spent some of my career at Mr. Huntington's shipyard in Virginia, the choice was a natural for me. I was not disappointed. The hotel is historic, but updated in most respects. Smaller than the other Nob Hill hotels, the lobby is intimate and dining choices are limited to the &quot;Big Four&quot; Restaurant, highly rated by Zagat. Our dinner there was both very good and expensive...a &quot;special occasion&quot; venue unless on expense account. We also followed the doorman's recommendation of the Nob Hill Cafe, a quick 2 block (horizontal!) walk. Excellent choice with good food and reasonable prices. We booked one of the standard rooms through Expedia for $121 per night...a bargain by any standard. The King bed was comfortable and the room was immaculate. The bathroom looked newly renovated with wall to wall mirrors and a window that could be opened to let in the bay breezes. A caffeine addict, I was annoyed that there was no in-room coffee maker. Free coffee is available in the lobby only from 5-7 am...ok for the businessman, but not if you're on vacation. If you miss the deadline, it's $3 for an 8 oz paper cup in the restaurant. Internet access is $9.95 a day, ending at 1 pm. No free WiFi as I have become accustomed to. Another minor annoyance is the lack of ice machines. You have to call the bellman and have it delivered.. The minibar was empty, but I don't use those anyway...it was handy for storing leftovers. Another unexpected bonus...the Huntington has an agreement with Hertz rental car...your paperwork can be completed by the concierge and faxed to Hertz. And for an additional $20, you car will be waiting at the front door of the hotel and when returning, just hand the key to the doorman and walk in. Just make your reservation ahead of time to ensure there's a car available. Conveniently located on the cable car line ($5 per person), we found it more convenient to take a cab everywhere...$8 to Fisherman's Wharf and $10 to the Museum. The cabs are safe and the drivers the friendliest I have found. All in all, we were very pleased with our stay and left feeling like friends rather than customers...everyone was so helpful from the front desk to the doorman to the housekeeper. Even as we were leaving at 3:30 am to catch our flight back home!	
Sep 3 2009 	classy hotel	The Hungtington Hotel is a beautiful, classy hotel. It has a tranquil and reserved atmosphere. We got a marvellous deal online and were apprehensive about the room we would get. It was stunning! I believe it is one which has not yet been renovated but we loved the decor and the space. The bathroom was a little dated (l'Occitane toiletries!) but the rest was super. Jetlagged, we were up by 5am and had the pool area to ourselves each morning. I found the breakfast area and the bar decor a little dark but the food and service in both was superb.This is a really lovely hotel. I would highly recommend it. Be warned - the climb from Union Square up to the hotel is almost vertical! U need to be super-fit/bionic to walk, so figure in the cost of cabs or cable cars when you choose to stay on the top of Nob Hill.	
Aug 28 2009 	The Huntington Hotel offers the perfect San Francisco experience - I wouldn't stay anywhere else!	The Huntington should be rated much higher - definitely among the Top 3 hotels in San Francisco. The hotel is elegant, clean and updated. It doesn't feel or look like a run-of-the-mill commercial hotel nor is it akin to any of the hit-or-miss boutiques. It's really the best of both worlds - a clean upscale service hotel with the charm and hospitality of a small San Francisco boutique. Take note of the wonderful staff at Huntington. The service staff are efficient and down-to-earth (a surprise on your pillow every night), and the doormen, bell and concierge are fantastic. When we arrived, the front desk gave us a warm welcome and even offered some great suggestions for a Hawaii vacation (plus we got an upgrade on our room!). The front desk (wish I had his name) was truly, truly wonderful and had a great personality.The hotel's location is perfect. It's gracefully situated in the beautiful and quiet neighborhood of Nob Hill, one of the most desirable areas in the city. You can use car service to get around, but a cable car (the California) is right outside the front entrance, but China Town and Union Square are within walking distance. We had no trouble at all walking the steep streets of Nob Hill - it was actually quite fun and part of the whole San Francisco experience! Our room overlooked Huntington Park and Grace Cathedral. Peet's Coffee is located in the Cathedral, and the famous Sears Fine Foods is not far. In the morning, you can join the Chinese for Tai Chi classes in the park, swim in the hotel infinity pool, or take advantage of the Yoga classes or other spa offerings at the hotel's Nob Hill Spa.This is a great hotel. We researched dozens of hotels before happily finding The Huntington. If you've been researching the many hotels of San Francisco and are still undecided, I would say stop looking and book The Huntington now. Our stay at The Huntington was refreshing and made our whole San Francisco vacation enjoyable and relaxing. We loved it!	
Aug 24 2009 	Not sure why this hotel isn't rated higher? Loved it!	I'm guessing by the other reviews that there are good rooms in this hotel and bad ones. I was able to get a good room and was very pleased with my stay at the Huntington. I got a great deal on hotels.com ($99 on a $225 room), so I figured I would be in for one of the bad rooms. While checking in, I asked if it was possible to get a room with city views and I was given a complimentary upgrade. Our room was spacious (I've seen apartments that were smaller) with a sitting area, tv, desk, fridge, etc. The view was great! We could see Coit Tower from our window. The hotel is at the very top of Nob Hill, which is one of those incredibly steep hills San Francisco is known for. Luckily there is a cable car stop right in front of the hotel and taxi's are an easy and affordable way to get around.Nob Hill is a very quiet neighborhood with old world luxury hotel. The Intercontinental Mark Hopkins and the Fairmont are both in the same square as the Huntington. While these hotels are way more luxurious, the Huntington is a great bargain in a beautiful part of San Francisco.There isn't much nightlife in Nob Hill, but there are two great hotel bars if you want to grab a drink after a long day of hill climbing and sightseeing. The Top of the Mark is a fabulous place with a lot of class and charm. They have nightly entertainment, and on the night we went there was a swing band. To my amazement, there was a large number of people out on the dance floor swing dancing (and these folks weren't messing around!). The couples ranged in ages from early 30's to late 70's. I felt like we had stepped back in time. We had some delicious martini's and even danced a bit, which was a lot of fun. The other hotel bar that is great is Tonga at the Fairmont. They also have nightly entertainment - The Island Groove, which is a band that plays reggae and rock hits. Tonga is set up like a Tiki Hut with the stage for the band in the middle of pool. The cocktails are more island themed. I had a delicious banana daiquiri!The Huntington has a hotel bar called the Big 4 which plays piano music. The scene was much more subdued there and it's very dark. We didn't go in, but it didn't look quite as lively as the other two bars in the area.One last note on the parking - it's very expensive at the hotel! We parked at the Grace Cathedral garage across the street for $27/night (the hotel charges $40). You can drop your bags off at the front of the hotel and then self park to save yourself some money.For the price we paid, I would definitely stay at the Huntington again. I don't know that I would recommend paying $225 a night though, since I'm sure you could find great deals for the money elsewhere.	
Aug 15 2009 	Excellent old world hotel in great location	We were on our honeymoon and this hotel was great. We booked it on a special rate of only 125 dollars per night. It was either alpharooms or booking.com. Each evening the bar was nice and busy with a great atmosphere helped by the piano playing the background. Food was excellent. Room was perfect and I preferred this hotel to the hotel we were just in, the Four Sesons in Las Vegas so it tells you how great this place is. A free business center on the first floor is handy to look up the sites and see what you are going to do for the day.	
Aug 10 2009 	Best in SF! Class Elegance Superior Service	I couldn’t imagine anyone giving this hotel a bad review. If you want commercialized luxury with a cheesy lounge act and extremely overpriced drinks stay at the Mark Hopkins two blocks down. If you want to step back in time to a place of classic luxury and grace, with personalized service, a welcoming staff, and people who remember you from day one, then stay at the Huntington. We spent the weekend at the Huntington for my husbands 55th birthday and we were upgraded to a suite when we arrived. The living room was spacious, the furniture adorable, and we couldn’t believe the view. It was fun to get up in the morning and watch the folks in the park doing yoga and watching the sun set over the bay in the evenings. I realize that in the current culture of new, new, new some reviewers may feel the need to use terms like “dated” etc. But when you want to get away to quiet comfort, and enjoy spectacular views from a room that will bring you back to the 1930's, this is the place to be (and rumor has it the place where many famous names also have chosen to be from time to time). There are no jetted tubs, no kitschy nonsense in the bathrooms. The building was built in the nineteen-twenties and it’s supposed to look that way – nothing kills me more than a building that’s full of Historic Charm on the outside and in the lobby, and then looks like a ritzy Holiday Inn when you step inside your room. Here there are just extremely deep soaking tubs in the bathroom with showers where you can stand under the luxurious spray and watch the park from your open window. There are overstuffed chairs and couches with reading lamps all over the place and dark woods that transport you into a world where Greta Garbo or Clark Gable might meet you coming up the stairs. The hotel is walking distance to so many fantastic attractions and the cable car is right out the front door. If you’re into a “party” atmosphere or you want 400 bell hops at your beck and call because you have a severe “me” complex, then I’m begging you to stay away from this treasure of a hotel, so it doesn’t get any more bad reviews from people with narrow vision who can’t appreciate San Francisco’s amazing history.If you want to be greeted by a fantastic (and dare I say handsome and charming) group of gentlemen at the door every morning and every evening; if you want to come back to your room at the end of a long night and be greeted by two fresh water bottles, a bed that’s been turned down for you, robes that have been hung up and a room temperature that’s been adjusted to anticipate your comfort while sleeping; if you want an evening person at the desk to make sure you have a few Tums when you need them after a couple of glasses of wine; if you want Danny to recommend the gospel choir at Glide (sp?) church; if you want Trey at the bar to mix you up an amazing drink with special touches you hadn’t even thought of like fresh melon; if you want to hang out in a classy bar with a glass of wine and regulars who have lived in the city for 40+ years; if you want a hotel that will cater to those who want to get out and explore the city and then come back and relax in the spa (excellent spa staff as well, I forgot my swimsuit and they were kind enough to provide me with one); then the Huntington will be an experience you won’t soon forget. The Huntington is truly unique. An experience that takes you back to a bygone era with enough class and luxury to keep you feeling pampered. Even if they make little adjustments here and there as the years go on I hope they never lose that feeling of authenticity and a desire to pamper their guests. If I had to sum it up I’d say it was nice to stay in a hotel that didn’t recommend I buy the bathrobe in the closet for $130. The Huntington treats you like a guest not a charge card. I give it 5 stars. A hotel that veers away from our cultures adoloscent &quot;amuse me&quot; mentality and caters to a more sophisticated audience. Great for romantic weekends, girls getaways (you'll love the spa ladies), and anyone who wants to experience San Francisco the way it was meant to be.	
Jul 15 2009 	Still the King	All I can say is, I love the Huntington. Always have. My first visit here in several years did not disappoint. I have been coming here since I first came with my family in the ‘70’s, and it is still the classiest place in SF. Old school charm mixed with modern elegance. Perfect service with knowledgeable veteran concierges. Cruising through a rockin’ Big Four for some music and a late night manhattan is still the way to end your day, although I was disappointed I didn’t get to grab a steak while I was there. Rooms were solid; I couldn’t believe how updated the bathrooms were. And the l’Occitane products were about twice the size as the ones you get at a Four Seasons. Nob Hill is the most interesting area to stay in, and while I have enjoyed the Fairmont and the Mark Hopkins, the Huntington is still king.	
Jun 10 2009 	Great SF Hotel	My wife and I just returned from our visit to San Francisco. We loved our stay at the Huntington Hotel. We would return to the hotel in a heartbeat on a return trip.Positives:-- Service = From the front desk, to the doormen, to the courtesy driver (great job Ursula!), to the maids, all were beyond courteous and helpful. We were given an upgrade at check-in (which always helps). We loved that as nice as this hotel is there is no pretentious attitude among the staff. Very friendly (especially the doormen).-- Location = This is really where this hotel excels. It sits atop Nob Hill (safe and beautiful), overlooks a beautiful park and Cathedral, sits next to both main Cable Car lines, and is central to basically everything. The only other hotels that can claim this would be the Fairmont and Mark Hopkins. I would not want to stay anywhere else in San Fran besides Nob Hill.-- Rooms = Our room was recently updated. This was probably the only slight disappointment for us. The bed was comfy and great. The room very nice and clean. But, the decor (a bit modern) doesn't fit the rest of the hotel (traditional). This is most true in the bathroom. The bathroom was a bit small for a 4* hotel. The shower is a nice size, but water gets everywhere (a serious design flaw), and there is absolutely no vanity. ONly a modern looking sink. There was nowhere to put your toiletries, etc. This was obviously planned to fit the modern decor, but is very inconvenient. -- Overall = The hotel is a great stay for anyone visiting San Fran. The feel, location, people, and cleanliness far outweigh a poorly designed bathroom. We look forward to returning soon.	
Jun 5 2009 	Nice old school hotel; exceeded every expectation	This is a very nice, old school hotel. People were not snobbish at all. We booked thru hotels.com for a Saturday night visit. Rate was amazing - $125. Work ended early for me in Sacramento on Fri. so I called the hotel (not hotels.com) and they gave me the same rate for Friday. Off to a great start. When I checked in, I found that they gave us a room on 8th floor (bldg. is 11 storeys) overlooking the park and SF Bay. Amazing view. Room was spacious, clean, tastefully decorated and huge bathroom. Pleasantly surprised that we were not stuck over a dumpster looking into an alley. Point being, is at least when we stayed, they did not appear to distinguish between hotels.com and other guests. Bar was old school and very pleasant. Forget bartender's name, but he was from upstate NY and very pleasant. He works (I think) Fri. and Sat. nights. Also, Jason the bellhop (from Chicago) was nice/helpful, as was concierge, who directed me to the Hyde Out (Hyde and Calif.) for a solid gin mill to catch the Celtics game and have a few pints. Finally, one of the very cool things is cable car stops right in front. In sum I would say upscale hotel without the upscale attitude. It exceeded every expectation.	
May 29 2009 	Excellent central hotel	I stayed here for a week on a business trip and would like to share my experience. The hotel staff are just great!! The doorman are very warm and helpful. My room (suite) was just great, great bed and lots of space. The housekeeping staff do a great job and provide lots of little treats (the massage cream is great for falling asleep), the restaurant is slightly expensive, but the food is great. Best of all is the spa, the pool/sauna/steam and jacuzzi are located in a excellent location overlooking SF. Overall, I will be back here the next time i am in SF.Great job!	
May 27 2009 	Classic hotel w/ polished service but note the following...	We stayed 5 nights (Sat - Wed) and chose Nob Hill due to the scenic hill location, fairly safe neighborhoods for walking at night, and proximity to the downtown &amp; conference center where we had to be during the day. While the official nightly rate on the hotel's website or generic searches ranges from $200-300 a night, we had booked our stay through HOTWIRE for a mere $102 a night (definitely a great deal...it was listed as a hotel in Nob Hill near the Grace Cathedral). Another couple with whom we traveled also booked for 5 nights for $105/night. Of note, when they checked in early in the day, their room hadn't been cleaned so they were given a courtesy upgrade and placed in a giant suite which included scenic views and a separate spacious kitchen. We checked in and were given a standard room (it was an *03, such as 103, 203, 303) - the smallest according to the room layout and located just proximal to the open staircase and elevator. The walls were soundproof and we hardly heard any elevator/stairway sounds. While the room was classically decorated with a desk and sitting area, it lacked a coffee maker (you could go downstairs to the restaurant to purchase coffee for $4.50 or go across the street to the FAIRMONT Hotel's Illy Coffee Shop to get a cup for $4) and was furnished with an older model television. Of note, the coverlet bedspread was worn and had several prominent stains, but as the chambermaid came in nightly to fold up the spread and turn down the sheets (and leave 2 complimentary water bottles), this wasn't too pressing an issue. The bathroom was well equipped with a full bath/shower, thick cotton towels, and a vanity with basic shampoo/conditioner/lotion/cotton balls/and sewing kit. We highly recommend you wrap yourselves in their thick cotton robes! Our room was located on the front side of the hotel, facing the courtyard and Grace Cathedral. It's relatively quiet compared to hotels more deeply embedded in the business district/Market Street area.Our stay was quite nice, but note the following:-parking fees in the hotel's underground lot are $40 a night; the attendants briskly pointed to the streets when we inquired about other options-if you park on the streets, note the colors painted on the curb - white curbsides indicate drop-off zones (i.e. NO PARKING) while the adjacent facilities are open; therefore, you can't PARK in front of the hotel at any time except for loading/unloading...but you CAN park in front of the Grace Cathedral overnight after church hours - HOWEVER, you MUST move your car promptly BEFORE opening hours to avoid being ticketed or towed. EVERYONE says they are quite prompt with the ticketing &amp; towing, so beware! Also, if you choose to park on other streets, check carefully what day the street cleaning occurs (various days, starting at 7 AM), as you can also be ticketed if parking there during restricted hours. -The neighboring underground lot along the same block charged $47 dollars nightly for parking. ***We found street parking after circling for 30 minutes at 11 PM, but had to get up and move it before 7 AM. We mostly used shuttles/cabs or walked, and only rented a car for two days for farther travel. One night we actually returned the car to the dealership in Fisherman's Wharf and walked 17 blocks up hils back to the hotel at 10 PM - nice 30 minute walk with great workout through relatively safe neighborhoods =)*INTERNET ACCESS comes at a price:(1) There is a business center located on the second floor with two desktop computers. They're free to use and have printers at each station, but it's a nail-bitingly slow connection. You can hook up your laptop there, as I saw some guests using it in that fashion. After hours it's locked up, but the front desk can unlock the room for you.(2) You can pay $9.95 + tax for a 24 hour service of wireless Internet to your room account, but it starts and ends at 1:00 PM. Therefore, when we checked in at 11 PM at night, if we had paid that night for Internet, we would have paid $9.95 + tax for the next 14 hours, and then have had to pay again for any service after 1 PM the next day. We managed just fine waiting for odd hours to use the business center offices and printed our boarding passes out there.Overall, the location was a safe and easy access site. We walked just a few blocks to catch the Cable Car to Fisherman's Wharf (Powell/Hyde) and walked to Pier 39 to see the Sea Lions. The California St. Cable Car runs in front of the hotel. We were able to spend several hours walking from our hotel to the business district, up to Chinatown, and back through the neighborhoods to the hotel during day hours. We never made it to the hotel restaurant as we sampled food outside (went to House of Nanking, an Americanized/hyped-up but tasty Chinese restaurant in Chinatown...and also went to the Stinking Rose, a GREAT restaurant on Columbus Ave which specializes in garlic dishes - their lasagna and short rib are delicious, and you should definitely try their specialty item, ROASTED GARLIC ICECREAM!).*NOTE with taxi's and cabs: our understanding was that only the YELLOW CABS are equipped with credit card readers, so for the other taxi cab companies you must have cash to pay for the fareEnjoy and hope these tips help!	
May 25 2009 	A Classic	I had always wanted to stay in one of the Nob Hill hotels and got my chance courtesy of a great deal on Expedia. The Huntington is old fashion and incredibly gracious. My room was huge. While the furnishings were a bit out-of-date compared to a trendy hotel, nothing was chipped or stained as has often been the case when I've gotten a deal on a hotel on this level. My one complaint was that the walls are extremely thin -- I could hear every toliet flush from the room above.	
May 22 2009 	Decent not spectacular	When I checked into the Huntington, they didn't have any regular rooms left, so they gave me a suite, which was nice. The auxiliary rooms of the suite were amazingly big, and nicely furnished. However, the room as a whole wasn't as luxurious as one might expect, and it felt a little bit dated. The bathroom was nice, all marble, but very small. If that's what the suite was like, I'd imagine the regular rooms would be a bit of a disappointment.	
May 18 2009 	Unforgettable Stay!	I booked the hotel through Hotels.com for a stay in San Francisco for a cousin's wedding. My 18 year niece joined me for the three night trip. When we arrived from the delayed flight our room was ready but not the two beds as requested. We were very tired and accepted the room since it was clean and spacious. The next day we were offered a two bed room upgrade that had a city view! The transition to the new room was seamless.We took advantage of the gym and free yoga/Pilates classes. Also, we used the complimentary drop off car service. The location was optimal for sightseeing and felt very safe walking at night.The staff was kind and courteous and answered all our questions. The doorman even walked us to the corner to point us in the right the direction. The cleaning staff was very polite and the rooms were immaculate. We did not go to the restaurant but heard it was very good and could hear people enjoying the piano bar.The spa is great but I had enjoyed it from a previous visit! Around the corner to the left, down the hill from the Fairmount is a great coffee shop!	
May 16 2009 	Fading Fast	Since the death of the patriarch of the family owned Huntington Hotel, it seems the pride of the hotel has died as well. We have stayed at the hotel on many occasions - up to four times per year, and have witnessed a steady decline. The rooms are shabby at best, dried food on the furniture, greasy body prints on the bedding, crayon on the armoire, mold along the bathroom windows. The Big Four Restaurant is no longer open for lunch, the first time in sixty years. The attitude of the management is what really takes the cake, the General Manager and concierge/assistant manager gave veiled suggestions that we should stay elsewhere! The Big Four Restaurant is still the only reason to come here, otherwise I would recommend you stay elsewhere. Rumor has it the owners are trying to sell....	
May 11 2009 	Lots of Charm	I stayed here last month...got a great deal on Expedia.com. My room was a corner room--newly renovated with a Bathroom that was decorated straight out of a Pottery Barn Catalog. The staff is fabulous. Hotel has a small health club but beautiful pool and spa. Only complaint is that they don't enhance the lighting in the restaurant during the day. It seemed a little dark for breakfast. Will be back. Fabulous Doormen!	
Apr 14 2009	Small highly-personalized luxury hotel	The Huntington is member of the &quot;Small Luxury Hotels&quot; - and it deserves it well. No name-tag bearing business guests, but style, classic charme and a highly-personalized service. And a breathtaking pool and spa area! One of the best 5-star hotel bets in San Francisco.Location: On top of Nob Hill, across Huntington Park. Short walking distance (or cable car) to Union Square and restaurants. Neighborhood and location can't be better.Building/public areas: Classic grandeur, with antiques and oil paintings in the lobby. San Francisco's best bar (very popular with locals).Rooms: We had a freshly renovated, mint-colored room which was spacious, with a two-room marble bathroom and all modern amenities.Pool and Spa: Just beautiful. The indoor pool could be a little larger, but it is just a wonderful area with great views, an outside terrace, a gas fireplace, complimentary beverages and fruit throughout the day, sauna, steam room.. everything you want.Service: We loved the Huntington's service. Everybody was most welcoming. We always had chats with the bell boys and they gave us good tips. Extra-wishes were easily satisfied.Dining: We had no chance to dine at the Big 4 restaurant, but breakfast was always excellent. And the bar. The bar! The bar!! Outstanding.Value: We got the room at an unbelievably good rate. Valet parking is convenient but expensive. If you want to save $7 per night, you can park your car by yourself in one of the two adjacent public garages. WiFi cost $9.95 per 24 hours.	
Apr 13 2009 	Love this hotel	The hotel is beautiful and much more charming than most. But I also love it because they think of the little things, like an iPod dock, selling the NYTimes at the front desk, having a fanstastic staff (especially Jason the doorman who gives great advice on places to visit in and around the city), yoga or Pilates at 8am in the gym on the first floor, and a beautiful pool and balcony overlooking the city. Don't forget your bathing suit.We were upgraded to a room on a high floor overlooking the city - it was incredible.There's a piano player in the Big 4 restaurant every evening; it's a great spot to get a drink though it's not cheap.There aren't a lot of restaurants or shops immediately around the hotel, but it's very central and across from a beautiful park, the Union Pacific club and Grace Church Cathedral (which has a Peet's Coffee in the basement across the street from the Huntington).	
Apr 4 2009 	An absolute jewel	I will never stay anywhere else while visiting &quot;The City&quot;. Everything was perfect from the bellman to the spa.	
Mar 30 2009 	Old World Charm and Elegance	I love the Nob Hill location....this hotel is one of my San Francisco favorites....it has an understated charm and elegance that maintains the atmosphere of earlier eras but is up to the high tech amenities of today. We were automatically upgraded to a larger room without even asking. Staff were friendly. The Big 4 bar is a great way to end an evening out with a nightcap.	
Mar 22 2009 	Great Stay!	My husband and I stayed here for our 15th wedding anniversary trip. I had booked a superior room, but when we arrived for check in they were all taken. So they upgraded us to a park-view suite! That totally made our whole week-end. The room was fantastic. The hotel is beautiful. The lobby is very intimate and inviting. All the staff were really warm and friendly. The location is the best in the city, right across the street from the park and Grace Cathedral on the very top of Nob Hill. I would absolutely stay here again. Even if I hadn't gotten such a fantastic room, the staff, the location, the warm decor make this a wonderful hotel.	
Mar 14 2009 	Charming hotel good service but too much noise	We enjoyed our stay at this hotel, but found the walls between rooms to be surprisingly thin and we heard a lot of noise from the neighboring room. We even got an upgrade to a suite (because of the noise) and found that we could hear our neighbor's phone conversations and TV usage. Hotel was nice and relaxing otherwise.	
Mar 6 2009 	If you're a little forgiving it's charming.	We booked this at the last minute and moved here from the Westin Market (a generic upscale hotel). We got our room for only $150 a night with breakfast, so it was an incredible deal. The Huntington is on Nob Hill which is really set apart from other neighborhoods and very quiet. I love that since around Market the hotels are rather rough and busy and you have to contend with all the homeless. Yes, the carpets are faded and our closet door had issues. Our main complaint was the bed. It really needs replacing. Should be on the list as they do have new-looking, huge flat screen TVs. If you overlook these flaws, you see the charm of the restaurant and lobby, the unique rooms, the views, and the outstanding staff. The staff were all &quot;mature&quot;, but they really know how to do service. I was also impressed with the housekeepers who kept the rooms very clean. They even vacuumed! That isn't something that hotels do on a daily basis anymore. If you go to the Huntington with an open mind and appreciation for character and not the present-day generic luxe that has taken over the hotel world, you will enjoy the quirky and charming Huntington. Oh, the person who complained about it being remote &quot;up on a hill&quot; is right; however, they have a free car service which we took twice! It is also directly on a cable car line!	
Feb 28 2009 	Loved every second of it	The hotel is a gem! Right on top of Nob Hill you will find this small and individually run place. The best of it is its staff. Everybody was extremely friendly and helpful. Even though I only stayed 2 nights, everybody in the front hall new my name - which makes such a difference, because you feel instantly at home. I had the best pancakes (raspberry) in ages for breakfast. The bar has live piano music, which gives the small hotel a real &quot;grand&quot; feeling. Rooms are good in size with a traditional decor. Now the best however is the Spa, where hotel guests have free access to. It has an outside terrace overlooking San Francisco's skyline. You can use the pool and/or jacuzzi, steam room, sauna or just relax. Again, staff is incredibly helpful there and you can order some good comfort food or salads, and they even offer an extensive drinks menu. Heaven!I cannot wait to go back...	
Jan 8 2009 	Overexpensive	I had the choice between this hotel and the Hilton. Some reviews on the internet warn against hotels downtown, so I decided for the Huntington.Still, if you are not a millionaire, you'll have to go downtown anyway. The Huntington hotel has the inconvenient of being high up the hill.I really regretted my choice... If I could choose again, I would have chosen an hotel downtown.About the hotel: the rooms are good but not as luxurious as in most 4 star hotels. The lobby is rather small and the swimming pool tiny. The staff is nice, but the tip-searching behavior is kind of tiring.Watch-out: the tax is 14%!!!!	
Dec 18 2008 	not what I expected	We were in SF for a meeting and stayed at the Huntington for 4 nights. The hotel is definitely &quot;faded glory&quot; and not worth the $315 price tag. The room (deluxe) itself was more spacious than what one would get at the Marriott and the bathroom was nice. However the furnishings were old and worn. The carpets in the common areas and the room were worn and stained. There was not always a doorman to get the door. The building itself is old SF so it has some charm. Since we were at our meeting from 7 AM to after 10 PM, there was not an opportunity to use the spa which was probably what the mark up was for. I would prefer that there is a base price with the use of the spa as an add on. Even for SF the room did not justify the price.	
Sep 24 2008 	Nice stay at the Huntington	Happy to return to the Huntington after several years for an overnight stay. Located right on Nob Hill, centrally located to shopping, sites and restaurants. Catch the cable car right out in front. Rooms are clean and well furnished, with large bathroom. Fiends and I both enjoyed spa services, though a bit pricey. Recheck website or travel websites before travelling, prices change from time to time.	
Aug 28 2008 	Old Frisco's Finest Small Hotel	I was booked into this 1920s vintage hotel on Nob Hill for a business meeting. And frankly I had a terrific experience. The location is outstanding with cable car service literally just outside the front entrance. You can get just about anywhere in less than 10 minutes.The lobby is rather small in keeping with the original time period of construction. And the rooms generally are as well. I had what they referred to as a luxury suite on the 11th floor and it was rather large for a vintage hotel (see video of Room 1103).The bed had a firm mattress and not the soft type you find at most Hyatts, Hiltons &amp; Marriotts. But frankly it added to the charm of the stay. There is actually a still operational mail chute by the elevators.I propped open the window in my shower and enjoyed a splendid view to start the morning. I can't recall the last time I could make a statement like that regarding a shower and shave.The meeting rooms were rather tight but served their purposes for a meeting of 15.The bell staff were attentive and friendly. I could live without the $45 a day valet parking charge. But on Nob Hill it is to be expected.I would certainly enjoy a return visit with my wife at a future date.	
Aug 25 2008 	Great location lovely room	Really liked the hotel, good service, great room and helpful staff!The Spa was great! Had a yoga class at 8 a.m that was great!! So Californian!! Lovely bar.	
Jul 5 2008 	Gracious and Elegant	My husband and I recently spent four nights at The Huntington Hotel and found it to be among the best small hotels that we have ever stayed at. Our trip was for pleasure and the Nob Hill location provides central access to many areas in the city. The ambiance of the Hotel, public areas and hotel rooms, are understated and elegant. The staff couldn't have been more gracious and accomodating. We enjoyed using the facilities at The Nob Hill Spa, which is attached to the hotel, during our stay. Next stay I plan to book a massage. We dined in the hotel restaurant, The Big 4. Very good. We especially enjoyed the pianist in the adjacent lounge. This hotel reminds me very much The Stanhope Hotel in Manhattan that we stayed in six or eight years ago. I think that hotel has since been converted to private apartments.	
Jun 20 2008 	Tourists be warned	We really researched our hotel choice for San Francisco as we wanted the kick off our holiday in style.We were left bitterly disappointed by our experiance, we felt that as tourists we were neither valued or attened to, with the hotel staff clearly focussing on repeat business customers.Also the actually bed in the hotel room was not up the standards of the hotel, in fact it was more in line with what would be expected from a cheap motel.If you are visiting San Francisco for pleasure rather then business, avoid the Huntington to avoid disappointment.	
Apr 30 2008 	Everything preferred except.........	I typically find myself in San Francisco once every 6 weeks for busienss travel. I usually stay at the Fairmont on Nob Hill but it was booked. I enjoy staying on Nob Hill being that it's away from the finanical district and not as noisy so I looked through the Expedia Corporate site to see what was available. Being that the Huntington was a member of the Preferred Hotel Group, I anticipated a seamless stay and that it was. However, when you're paying top dollar to stay at a hotel, you expect excellent service and ammenities. This hotel oozed old world San Francisco Charm. I entered my vintage room on a requested high floor and was please with the 1920's-esqe furniture and decor, a newly remodeled bathroom with modern fixtures and then there was the TV. The TV was a 24&quot; black box sitting on a cart with exposed wiring everywhere. TACKY BUZZ KILL. I am trying not to sound vain but if you stay at a &quot;Preferred Hotel&quot; property and they aren't current with today's ammenities, then I question the 'designation'. Flat screens will complete the entire experience, regardless of whether I stay in my room and watch it or not. Other than that, the hotel was gorgeous. New TV's and I'd book again in a heart beat.	
Apr 23 2008 	Mostly good	Stayed at the Huntington Hotel atop Nob Hill on a getaway weekend with friends. The location of the hotel was great - easy access to Union Square and Fisherman's Wharf by cable car. Easy walking distance to Chinatown and North Beach. The hotel also offers chauffered sedan service to nearby attractions during regular hours. The deluxe rooms with 2 double beds we stayed in were a little tired - the bedding could use an upgrade. However we did peek into what I presume was a &quot;luxury room&quot; with a king bed and lovely fluffy down comforter with upgraded bedding. The bathrooms were palatial and we enjoyed the L'Occitane bath products.The hotel staff was on the whole pleasant - neglected to send up a corkscrew when requested, and the doorman was somewhat snobby, (I think he was trying to be funny?!?). The Big 4 restaurant was expensive and not all that impressive. There are better nearby options.The spa was great. A beautiful, newly updated, and relaxing space. Loved the Thai Coconut Wrap!So, on the whole, our stay was nice, but nothing spectacular. We chose this hotel for the spa - but I'm not sure I'd stay again if I weren't using the spa facilities. There are nicer/more convenient options elsewhere in the city.	
Mar 7 2008 	Great Stay At A Excellent Hotel	we had a great several nights at this hotel, the room was ready and was nicely appointed. the room was very clean and pindropquiet. the hotel is in an ideal location, walking distance to so many locations.we always dealt with friendly people and had noconcerns at all.when we return to the city we will stay at this hotel withoutany hesitation.	
Jan 17 2008 	Great Location Classy Hotel	When you think of a classical San Francisco hotel, the Huntington probably comes to mind. The structure, located at the top of Nob Hill, is historic and attractive. The staff is quite professional, yet also friendly and warm.We were greeted at the front desk with warm hand towels and quickly shown to our room. We had a two bedroom, two bathroom suite. The room was well decorated and the view was very nice. The hotel, like just about everything else in the city, is showing some signs of wear. However, that's probably to be expected from a building of this age; especially given the location and climate. The hotels windows, which opened quite a bit, appeared to be new and were a nice feature.The bedding was exceptional. The comfort was on par with any other hotels bed. The bed was turned down nightly and the maid remembered how I liked my curtains each night.I could hear some noise from the adjoining room, but I'm beginning to think my hearing might be overly sensitive, so take that with a grain of salt.The bathroom was very nice. The towels were great and there were plenty of them. They also had robes, cotton swabs, cotton balls, etc. The soap and shampoo were some of the best I've ever had at a hotel. They smelled great and worked really well.The one major complaint about the hotel was the hot water. I just didn't ever get much hot water in the shower. This may well have been a temporary problem or just one with my room. I can't really fault the hotel staff for it, because I never mentioned it to them. I'm not one to complain in person (though I'll do it online sometimes.)Each morning we had a local paper delivered to our room. In addition, after the room was cleaned the maid checked in to see if we needed anything else.The hotel has a small, but very nice spa inside. I'm not a spa person, so I'm not a great judge, but from what I could tell it looked very nice.The bar in the lobby is quite nice and has great service and a great selection. The entire bar is covered in rich woods and warm furniture. It's the perfect place to visit with a client, a business associate, or an old friend. The hotel has a professional chauffeur who is available for short trips in the area. We caught a ride down to a restaurant and were quite impressed with our driver. She was knowledgeable, extremely courteous, and pointed out a number of interesting sites along the way. Finally, I don't typically notice bellmen at a hotel. However, the bellmen at the Huntington were very friendly and helpful. All in all, this was a very nice stay.	
Dec 19 2007 	Mixed review on the Huntington	A large group of us stayed at the Huntington as part of my wife's office holiday celebration. On the plus side, the bell staff was friendly and willing to help with whatever we needed. Those people are serious about their jobs and deliver first-rate service. The location is very good, although a walk down to Union Square involves a very steep climb back up. There were several negative aspects, though. The most difficult for us was a certain unfriendliness towards children reflected in hotel policies. The most glaring of these was that the pool is limited to those 16 and older. While we understand the decision to make the pool a place for adults to relax, the hotel needs to be upfront about this. We had no idea that this was the case until our daughter (who was swimming quietly and under our supervision) was booted out. We were all quite disappointed by this. We were told that the hotel had an arrangement with a health club across the street that would let her use the pool, but it was a cold, windy evening in San Francisco and we weren't about to do that. Another problem involved the room we were given. We were supposed to have been placed in an upgraded or deluxe room (with the attendant higher price) but instead were put in a small room with a terrible view. The reservation was for three of us but the room had only one bed and we were treated with a certain annoyance when we asked for a roll-away for our daughter. (The front desk employees did not appear to be as service-oriented as the bell staff.) Once we realized we had not been placed in one of the nicer rooms, we mentioned this and the hotel offered to move us. We just asked that they only charge my wife's company for the room they gave us, which they of course agreed to do. Another significant problem involved the garage in which cars are kept. Apparently, the Huntington contracts with a garage next door that parks your car when you check in. This garage is horribly disorganized and when there were a large number of people checking out (as there were at 11:00 AM on the Sunday morning we left), the wait for a car was far too long. Some of my wife's co-workers spent up to an hour sitting on the curb, waiting for someone to bring their car to them. We decided to leave our bags with the bell staff and come back a couple of hours later. At that point, the wait was down to ten minutes or so as we were the only people needing a car at that point.So pluses were the bell staff,. the location, and the overall ambience. Negatives were unadvertised unfriendliness to children, what appeared to be minor incompetence by the front desk, and a terrible system for handling parking. Given the cost of the Huntington and the many alternatives in San Francisco, it's doubtful that we'll be back.	
Oct 29 2007 	The worst service in California (or anywhere else I've stayed) VILE	We booked the Huntingdon for the last night of a 12 day trip having stayed in a number of other of hotels (all of which were good to excellent).It was a disappointment.Pros - Bellmen were charmign helpful and friendly (esp James) - couldn't be more helpful.Location right in middle of Nob HillCons - The service of desk/concierge - we arrived early and were told we could check in at 3 - this in itself isnt so surprising. However what was surprising was when our room wasn't available when we returned at 3.30. After being told they were checking to see if our alloted room was clean (you'd think this would have been done before 3pm) we were kept waiting for half an hour (despite being told it would be 5 minutes). At which point my husband enquired what was the delay only to be told that the hotel was full so we should be grateful to have a room (I must remember this for my clients as an excuse should I ever want to lose my job) and that we were only paying $300 dollar a room etc so should just wait. When my husband persisted in asking about a delay we were offered an alternative higher rate room (which my husband was then told and then telephoned in our room by concierge to emphasis how grateful we should be for this upgrade. WE NEVER ASKED FOR THIS UPGRADE merely the room we actually booked at the allotted check in time of 3pm!). It certainly gave a lovely start to our stay that we were basically being told as paying guests we were lucky to be there. Bathrooms are tiny..shower bath and small sink/toilet unit. Given the size of room and wasted space this is baffling. Decor is slightly tired.. Hygiene also suspect - both my husband and I had bites on our bodies after staying here and suspect it may have been bed bugs from this hotel .The spa -distinctly unfriendly and unhelpful attitude (the drunken women comparing breast size in the pool was also somewhat offputting). If you're paying top dollar for a spa treat, you want to be treated nicely in a nice ambience, not greeted in a surly way and then experience the kind of ambience I last saw 10 years ago in a Cyprus 18 -30 hotel.The rooms walls are paper thin so not a good plan if you're a light sleeper as the goings on of all your neighbours are all too clear. Price for what you get its overrated -we also stayed in W which was comparable price and about 1000 times better in terms of quality of room. facilities and services.I'd not go back and I'd certainly not recommend it.	
Oct 26 2007 	Their Restaurant is Fantastic	A very nice property. This is old world San Francisco.We had a great room/apartment with a very neat view. If you expect the Corporate layouts of Marriott/Hilton/Westin forget this place. Lots of nooks and crannies with neat old construction. Stayed there 3 nights and ate at the &quot;BIG FOUR&quot; restaurant twice.Super food, neat menu and very nice service. Our hats off to the head chef.	
Aug 14 2007	Great Hotel!	Great boutique hotel in a wonderful location. The hotel was great, staff friendly &amp; helpful. Note: You have use of the spa pool, hot tub etc .. but only for 16 years and older. We had friends staying with us that had a 8 year old son who was sad that he couldn't go in the pool. My recommendation would be this a great hotel if you have older kids.Enjoy your stay there... we did!	
Aug 13 2007 	Not as nice as before	Have stayed here many times and previously wrote a laudatory review in 2004. This recent stay, however, was lacking. First off, the price was high - $300 for a Deluxe room. More than I have ever paid for a hotel room outside of NYC. When we arrived, we noticed that our room was right next to the OLD elevators. Having stayed next to the elevators before, we weren't worried. However, the bed was against the shared elevator shaft wall and that was new...and noisy. Also, the headboard was such that every time we shifted in bed, it slammed against the wall.Add the loud people in the adjoing room--from whom we were separated only by a thin door--and unlike previous stays, it definitely did not seem like we were the only people in the hotel.	
Jul 26 2007 	Great Service at the Huntington!!	We loved the Huntington! We booked a last minute stay based on a recommendation from our friend and it was perfect. We got a deluxe room w/ 2 double beds for about $330, and valet parking was $30. Pricey but worth it!The spa is fabulous. Great infinity edge pool, clean jacuzzi, fruit, water, and snacks, attentive service, eucalyptus steam room, and sauna. The spa facilities are complimentary for hotel guests so take advantage!The continental breakfast is also complimentary. Great service again and fresh berries and juice, croissants, mighty leaf tea, good coffee, and ham and cheese. We had room 1108 and it had amazing views, a very classy decor, and a modern, updated bathroom. Also robes were provided. The location is great for walking - you can walk to Chinatown and explore, just a few blocks away. This is quintissential san francisco, and I would definitely come back! My husband has traveled all over and he says this is one of the best hotels he's ever been in.	
May 8 2007 	Loved the Huntington (again!)	We’ve come back to the Huntington after our initial stay three months ago, and it was indeed like a homecoming…Everyone knows your name! This is truly a four diamond hotel in the old world style with gracious rooms, the ultimate in location, and the integrity of a well-seasoned staff.This hotel excells where most hotels falter: in the restaurant department. You can tell; many of the clients are the local inhabitants…they know a good place to eat. The restaurant fare is very flexible, from one of the best hamburgers you could ever want to order, to my favorite: the lamb stew. And if this all weren’t enough, there is a wonderful pianist most nights who has been there for--I believe--over 10 years, and has a loyal following. Of course, there is a more formal part of the dining room, and it too is a treat. We highly recommend this hotel for any traveler wanting something a little special (and it’s more than just a little special).	
Feb 20 2007 	Tops on Top of Nob Hill	The Huntington is by far the nicest hotel atop Nob Hill in terms of ambiance, clientele, service and amenities. From check-in to check-out every employee was gracious and friendly and everything was perfect. Our room was a large 2 bedroom suite with living room, dining room, kitchenette and 2 bathrooms. It was spotless and beautifully decorated. I loved that I could open the windows to let in the fresh ocean breeze. The Big Four was great for breakfast and an after dinner drink with live music. It's also considered a excellent place to eat dinner although we had dinner out every night. The spa was exceptional with a lovely indoor pool/hot tub and balcony where a spa breakfast or lunch can be served. the concierge services were very professional and the doormen and bellmen kept things running very smoothly. I would certainly return on my next trip to SF.	
Jan 2 2007 	great spot to bring in the new year	We (me, hubby and 8 year old daughter) decided to leave the snow of Lake Tahoe for a weekend of culture in San Francisco, seeing a play and the Nutcracker ballet. We booked the Huntington as we are members of the Small Luxury Hotels of the World, and we knew anything closer to Uniion Square would be way too noisy. The location at the top of Nob Hill is great -- our room (1010) was HUGE and had views over the city -- could even see a portion of the big tree in Union Square. They put a roll away bed in for our daughter and the room was still very spacious. It was fairly recently renovated, with plush linens (bed and bath), a large double sink area outside the toilet/tub room, a couch, coffe table 2 club chairs and a desk, as well as a miibar w/ small sink. The TV in the armoir was dated (not a flat screen), but got good reception. Walking up and down Nob Hill is great exercise, but if the hills are too much for you, the California St. cable car line is literally right out the door and the Powell St line (the one that goes from Union Square down to Fisherman's Wharf) is only a few blocks away. We parked in a nerby garage for $30/day and didn't move the car until we left 3 days later -- you can valet the car for the same price.We did not use the conceirge to make any reservations -- since we were there over New Years I had previously booked via OpenTable.com -- but he was very helpful in looking up movie times (and trying to get us into a hot resaurant near the Metreon on about 10 minutes notice, unsucessfully, but we did appreciate the attempt). He also directed us to nearby breakfast spots.I love staying in older, more architecturally unique hotels and the Huntington fits the bill. I love the fact that the windows open, yet when closed the city noises are almost completly obliterated. Having a window opened on New Year's eve allowed me (hubby and 8 year old fell asleep about 11!) to hear the festivities, and the location allowed a filtered view of the fireworks over the Bay, but when I was ready to go to sleep, all I had to do was pull the window shut and no more party sounds! We heard NO noises from outside our room, although I can't guarantee that the people in 910 didn't hear our daughter jumping around.The ony reasons I didn't give the Huntington a full five stars were minor: no coffee or tea in the lobby in the morning, although they do have hot apple cider in the afternoon; the doormen and bellmen were not as attentive as one would expect in a 5* hotelI'd definitely stay at theHuntignton again -- but next time I'm booking a spa treatment for the aching legs after walking all over San Francisco!	
Nov 6 2006 	very average stay	We have stayed at the Huntington several times and each time we have noticed a decline in the quality of the room and service. I first attempted to book a two bedroom suite for our party of five (three older children) and was told they did not offer them. I was told I &quot;would be better off&quot; getting two adjoining rooms and they would be of equal quality. After several days I called back to confirm that the two rooms had park views and were the highest level of room available; ie, no two bedroom suite. After a rather exhaustive conversation with the reservation assistant ,I was told there was a two bedroom suite but that it was not really worth the money. I assured him I needed the space and it was up to me to decide if it was worth it. Upon check-in I waited 5 minutes while the front desk person assured a guest on the phone that the room he/she was staying in was renovated and there were no other rooms available. Red flag number one. Our one bedroom suite, room 804 was nicely renovated and faced the park. The adjoining room was &quot;renovated&quot; sometime in the 70s and lacked any ounce of charm. I can't imagine renting that room-- room 803. But overall, the size of our rooms were nice and they faced the park. The noise level is high and we were woken by someone showering overhead at 4 am. There is no sound barrier between floors or between rooms so if you are not a heavy sleeper, beware! My second complaint is with the concierge desk. Before arriving, I emailed my dinner requests to the concierge noting the restaurants and preferred times. They did not call back and I had to call them to confirm they had even received my email; and yes, they had booked one of them for a wrong night. Once in San Francisco I arrive at Kokarri for my first dinner (with my handwritten note from the concierge listing the date and time) and was told they had no reservation. After attempting to call the concierge and receiving a voice mail three times, the restaurant graciously seated us during a very busy night. The next day we asked for breakfast suggestions within walking distance of the Alcatraz pier. The concierge directed us to place that was at the wrong pier and not within walking distance; her response later was oops, wrong pier! My final complaint is with the shipping/receiving deparment. I had a package sent and paid overnight charges to have it arrive during our 4 night stay. The front desk repeatedly told me there was no package. Once I returned home I found that it had been delivered- on the first hight of our stay-- but he could not find me in the system. While on the phone with him, he miracously &quot;found&quot; me in the system and asked what I wanted to do with the package that had been sitting there for 4 days.The bright note to our stay was James, the bellman at the front. His kind smile and attentive service were the highlights of our stay. We chose the hotel for its nice location and were willing to give up some amenities and nicer rooms for the level of service we had received in the past. Unfortunately the level of service now matches the decor of Room 803!	
Oct 3 2006 	every year it's fantastic	i should have written this review long ago, as my husband and i have been coming back to the Huntington for four years. This place is fantastic. everything you think &quot;old San Francisco&quot; should be. the bellman are great, always there but never obtrusive. they welcome us back by name. sure, it's because they're great recordkeepers, but it still feels good! the concierges have always been good. we've never had the same twice, but they employ the best, so it doesn't matter. we typically come in from Ohio, spend two or three nights here and then head up to Sonoma. we always have a car delivered on the morning we're leaving and it's never once been screwed up. if you travel a lot, you know that's unusual. makes me think they have a great reputation in town. we never eat there, but that's not a commentary on the restaurant - we just like to get out and check out other things. this past July, the restaurant was closed, as was the bar, for renovations. it was a bit of a disappointment, as we like to grab coffee, or a drink when we get home at night. the great thing was that they called us two days before we arrived to warn us about the closings - in case that would be too inconvenient for us. the rooms are great. the suites are very large, the regular rooms very roomy for an old hotel. location at the top of nob hill cannot be beaten. linens, beds, towels - all great. also, most rooms seem to have a window in the shower which we just love. there are probably a lot of hotels that are much &quot;cooler&quot; than this one, but we love it here. very worth the expense.	
Aug 13 2006	Our room was gorgeous - great service too	After reading some of these reviews- it's like we were staying at a different hotel. The service here was top notch from beginning to end and we felt pampered and luxurious. From what I can tell by reading previous reviews it must be that some of the rooms have not been renovated yet. Perhaps when booking you have to be very careful to ask for a renovated one. If enough people do that will it put pressure on mgmt to cough up the $$ to finally renovate all of them? I feel badly for the people who got bad rooms when they were expecting luxury. I also feel a bit badly that the Huntington is being labeled a ripoff and &quot;horrid&quot; when our experience was the polar opposite of that. Anyway...Our room was on the 11th floor, had a huge flat screen TV on the wall, brand new carpet, bath fixtures, beautiful mirrors everywhere. It was a nice large room (although it was the cheapest available) and there was enough room for a &quot;conversation area&quot; which were two comfy overstuffed chairs and table. I sat in one of the chairs a long time and watched the fog roll in over the city. The view was excellent, over the city and toward Twin Peaks.You will really be missing out if you stay here and do not book a treatment in the spa. We had massages and pedicures. The sun deck overlooking the city, the infinity pool, the jacuzzi- all great. Again the service was great and they anticipated our needs from the beginning. I will definitely stay here again.	
Aug 9 2006 	Over-all: 7/10	Stayed 3 nights during a California/Las Vegas trip.The hotel is a beautiful building; the location is excellent: quite, classy neighbourhood but thanks to the cable car it takes only minutes to get wherever you want to be in town.The staff was over-all very friendly; only the receptionist didn't acknowledge/validate my Leaders Club card (Leading Small Hotels of the World Card).The other main good point: the spa is excellent; also the swimming pool with the sun terrace is great. The bad points: my room needs an update ASAP; given the budget paid, it was unacceptable: very small room with stained floors, non-working tv (and they didn't manage to repair nor replace during my stay), totally outdated and very loud AC, bathroom for lilliputters.Also their Big 4 restaurant: it might be famous for their kitchen, but it is so dark that it makes you depressive. It's a personal thing of course, but I wanted to get out of the restaurant ASAP.My advice: if you can book a nice deal for a suite (some of them are said to be renovated/updated), go for it. If not,I would stay somewhere else and enjoy the spa. (BTW, their fitness facilities are close to non-existent)	
May 6 2006	Fantastic 	(April 27th 2-nights)This was stop number 2 on our California/Las Vegas trip and we loved it.We were worried after reading the reviews on here.....but we have learned in the past years that not ALL of the reviews here are right. My partner who is in the travel industry and I were both VERY impressed with this hotel. LOCATION: Its in a great area of San Fran and has the trolley stop right on its door steps. YOu can take the trolley for a 15min ride down to China town or switch trains to Union Square (shopping area). I will say that the trolly makes it easier then trying to walk up and down the hills in San Fran. We did it the first day and that was enough for us to get a one day pass.ROOMS: The suite we had on the 10th floor had wonderful views of the city. Since the building is on a hill...we looked down on the whole city. Room was bigger then my living room with a nice comfy bed and pillows. The sitting area was a sofa,coffee table and 2 chairs. Again very rich looking. Small kitchen area (sink and mini bar). TV was great and lots of closet space. Bathroom had a shower/tub which was huge. The glass door made the shower seem even bigger. I loved the seperate toilet/shower area to the double sinks. Turn down service was amazing...with night cream for the face and a breakfast menu left for you to fill out. Complimentry Shoe shine if you left them outside your door.POOL. Cute small pool. nice sitting area around pool to relax and read the paper. We never used the pool since thats not what we went to San Fran for. But at least we knew it was available.PARKING- none. But you can valet for 30.00 a night (which we did). SERVICE- Amazing. Wake up calls were on time. Check in and out was also great and fast.We were super impressed with the care everyone has for you. Doormen knew us as we walked in and out and always helped with anything we needed.So there has to be something wrong, right&gt;???Yes we found the carpet in the room COULD be changed and the hallways might get a little bit of an upgrade.....but it expected from such an old place.OVERALL this is a great classy place and we would stay here again. The location and service is worth the extra money you will spend and your stay will be full of luxury.	
Oct 27 2005	Horrid	Similar to the disgruntled member from Florida - 23rd October ...we arrived at The Huntington in September 05 for 5 nights. It was to be the highlight of our 2 week (3 city) trip to the US. Suffice it to say we booked through Small Luxury Hotels of the World and after visiting the hotel website expected a wonderful experience and unashamed 5 star luxury. There wasn't a lot of comment on Tripadvisor which with the benefit of hindsight probably should have told us to book elsewhere.One after another the rooms we were shown were quite horrid, musty poorly furnished and very dated. The bathrooms were unbelievably bad. We were told the room we expected and thought we'd booked wasn't available and they couldn't offer us anything better.Tired, a little anxious (as we had nowhere to stay) and very disappointed we decided to check out without actually staying there at all. When we returned to England we complained both to the hotel and to SLH.We received a sort of apology from the Huntington offering us a refurbed room for a future stay at a reduced price, but very much doubt if we will ever return.We would not describe it as a 5 star hotel. Interestingly Expedia only show it as a 3star hotel. We would not award (from what we saw) 3 stars and sometrimes wonder how hotels earn and retain their star ratings.We immediately booked into The Four Seasons Hotel which was fantastic and for which I can only utter unreserved superlatives. Faultless and as a result our visit to San Francisco is now a terrific memory.	
Oct 23 2005	A very disappointing hotel	My husband and I just returned from our wonderful week in San FranciscoThe only disappointment we had was our hotel. We stayed at the Huntington Hotel. We reserved a luxury room with a view. I called the hotel the night before to confirm our reservation. When we arrived we were given one of the worst &quot;luxury&quot; rooms I have ever stayed in. The carpets, drapes and furniture, what little there was, were worn and dirty, the lighting was poor, the bathroom was miniscule and there was a musty smell in the room (which was #1203) I complained the next morning, we were changed to #1003 which was in the same condition! That morning we spoke to the manager and showed him our reservation, he promised to change our room to a &quot;renovated&quot; one but when we returned to the hotel in the afternoon, nothing had changed.Needless to say I was very upset because we had chosen The Huntington over The Campton Place and The Palace (which were the same price) because we had read that the rooms were big and beautiful!After a serious discussion with the front desk we were finally given a room that was clean and up to date(#1210) The whole situation has left us with a terrible impression of the Huntington and we will never stay or recommend that hotel to anyone.My advice to anyone who has plans to stay there... make sure you get in writing that the room you reserved is renovated or stay somewhere else.	
Aug 30 2005	Good Service but...	Like my title states, this hotel had good service, but the room was really disapointing. The room had a musty smell upon check in. We asked to be moved and we were upgraded to a one bedroom corner suite. While the suite had a lot of room, it still had a stale musty smell. The room was also really dated - old furniture, carpet, drapes and a bathroom which was really below par. The TVs were the small ones that I was use to seeing in the 80s. All of the staff were really helpful and polite, this is just not a property that deserves to be a Small Luxury Hotel, yet. This hotel is in a great safe location (Nob Hill). I would not stay here again until the rooms are updated.	
Mar 21 2005	Pretty Cool Old World Establishment	I chose to splurge a bit and got a room here. I have to say that overall, this is a very good choice. They upgraded our room to a one with a view of square in Nob Hill and the Bay. The rooms are rock solid -- apparently built as apartments back in the day. You can use the spa as part of the deal and that is really great, lovely. I asked for robes for our rooms three times though, so they could use a bit of of improvement on the service, but mostly the service and place are of quiet luxury in the heart of the city -- close enough to North Beach and Chinatown and everything else, except perhaps the Mission/Haight areas. I imagine if one were a wealthy, generous, discreet San Franciscan having a long term affair, this would be a good place for it. I've stayed at the Fairmount (classic, but doing some nasty anti-union stuff it appears, based on the protestors outside), and will wrap up by SF indulgences with the Drisco (just liked the look of it from outside).	
Jan 17 2005	weekend getaway - loved the spa	My wife and I spent a night at the Huntington, just to relax and spend time together. It was pricey, but overall worth the money. We had a corner suite on the top floor with great views of the City. The furniture was somewhat past its prime, but still charming, comfortable, and quite sturdy. We liked our sitting area so much, we had breakfast, afteroon tea, and dinner there! When we weren't enjoying our room, we were in the spa/pool area, relaxing on the lounge chairs, and taking dips in the pool and hot tub. Having fruit, iced tea and water at poolside was a nice touch. There's a small outdoor balcony area next to the spa where we sunbathed. Some advice - ask for robes and slippers to be delivered to your room so you don't have to change in the locker room, get to the spa early to claim your lounge chair (it's so nice, people tend to fall asleep), and make reservations for spa treatments before you arrive. We're looking forward to our return visit!	
Nov 19 2004	Great Spot	We reserved a room at the Huntington because we had read that it was a former apartment building and the rooms are oversized -- it certainly lived up to expectation. The location is fabulous atop Nob Hill and we were thrilled not to be staying at the Fairmont or Mark Hopkins when we saw all the picketers -- noisy and disconcerting.The Nob Hill Spa was a bonus. We enjoyed massages, facials and sitting around the pool sipping flavored drinks. The fitness room is a little cramped, but the view is great. The Big Four Bar &amp; Restaurant was a nice spot for an afternoon libation or a lingering evening meal -- great way to meet other travelers.We will now visit the Huntington whenever we are in San Francisco -- which is hopefully soon!	
Nov 15 2004	Lovely spacious rooms	We loved our three night stay here. The hotel is on Nob Hill, just one block from both the Fairmont and the Mark Hopkins. Those two hotels were in the sixth week of a major San Francisco hotel strike lock-out, with active, noisy picket lines from 6:00 a.m. to midnight. The Huntington is a family-operated hotel that was not at all affected by the strike. Our room was very large and included a king size bed and a separate sitting area with couch, two upholstered chairs, lamps, t.v. armoire and writing desk. The furnishings were not new, but classic and elegant and very comfortable. The hotel was quiet and clean and the service staff exceptionally friendly and helpful. The wonderful spa is free to hotel guests. Next time I visit San Francisco, I will stay here -- hope it is soon.	
Aug 30 2004	One of the best	I have probably stayed at 20 different San Francisco hotels in 30 years of travels there. The Huntington is my favorite, a place built in the early 20th century as apartments and converted later to a hotel. The building has a solidness that can make it seem like you're the only guest in the place.Most of the rooms are large, and many have breathtaking views of San Francisco and the bay. But they're not uniform. Contrary to the statement in the one critical review here, some do have marble baths. On the other hand, you can end up in an old, small room that might seem a little disappointing for rates that begin at $195.Overall, the hotel has a subtle, substantial character	
Aug 16 2004	An exceptional oasis of old world charm	The Huntington Hotel is an exceptional establishment. The Nob Hill Spa is truly a welcomed oasis from the hustle and bustle of the city. The staff is very helpful and efficient and the rooms are impecably designed. Try one of the luxurious suites. One of my favorite hotels in the country!	
Jun 29 2004	great location and good service	After a bad night at the Laurel Inn we decided to check in to a large hotel. The Huntington staff were great. Bell services showed us three rooms to choose from and we checked in.Room was spacious and bathroom was quite large, but not very stylish. Bed was comfortable and the windows kept the quiet out.Location is great, right on the cable car line.Full service staff, including Doorman, Bellman, Conceirge, Curtosy Driver and Reception. All were very nice, especially the concerige and curtosy driver ( those two women know their town )The bar downstairs is very nice, dark wood and hushed conversations with a baby grand for atmosphere. The pianist was there nightly.The only thing that let it down for me was the room service. They had no vegetarian options and weren't accomodating ( but wholefoods is just down the street )	
Apr 13 2004	Loved the Huntington	I recently stayed at the Huntington Hotel on a trip with some girlfriends of mine. We were happily surprised with the quaint decor and elegant atmosphere at the Hungtington for such a historic location. The staff was friendly and accomodating, and the accomodations were just as pleasant.	
Oct 17 2003	What a disappointment!	Like my title states, this hotel was a huge disappointment. My husband and I were wrapping up a blissfil two-week drive up the coast and were scheduled to stay two nights -- we checked out after one. This hotel has certainly seen better days. After waiting several hours to check-in, we were taken to a room with a beautiful view but little else. The decor was dated, the bathroom was dirty, the amenities consisted of a bottle of shampoo and a small bar of soap worthy of a Best Western. Not even a box of tissue. Both of us were so dissapointed that we spent a final night of vacation at an airport Marriott rather than stay at the Huntington a second night. And yes, I did fill out the comment card which is something I rarely do. They offered me a room with a &quot;marble&quot; bath on my return stay. All I can say is that &quot;marble&quot; bath will be in a different hotel!	
Nov 18 2009 	Muy Ideal...y bien situado		
Oct 21 2009 	Ein Hotel in dem man sich wohlfühlt		
Oct 17 2009 	Hôtel très soignée au service impeccable		
Oct 17 2009 	Inoubliable !!!		
Oct 11 2009 	charmant		
Oct 8 2009 	Atmosfera ricca di fascino e SPA al top		
Oct 7 2009 	hotel con una autentica tradizione		
Oct 3 2009 	Una casa a San Francisco		
Sep 1 2009 	Hotel di lusso a San Francisco		
Jul 21 2009 	Superbe hôtel une perle rare		
Feb 5 2009 	Autentisches Hotel keine Kette hoher Standard - alles BESTENS!		
Jan 21 2009 	????????????????		
