Jun 29 2009 	A night in the past	Only spent one night - but it was well worth it. Just the ability to sit in on a comfy chair and relax with a glass of wine after a hectic day was great.The bed was very comfortable. The kitchen was fully equipped.The breakfast buffet had a nice variety, and the staff was very accomodating.	
Nov 16 2008	peaceful getaway from the city noise	We stayed here for 3 weeks in a suite while my husband had a transplant at UCSF. This is just minutes from UCSF. This was the most peaceful and relaxing place to get away from it all. The staff was extremely helpful and very nice. They called cabs for me and there was always someone on staff. I needed aspirin in the middle of the night and they actually sent someone to go to a store and get some for me! Whenever I entered the lobby after a long day at the hospital they would greet me by my first name. The afternoon tea was very good, and again, the staff was just wonderful! We stayed here many times after and loved it more each time. A bit pricey but well worth it.	
Oct 7 2008	Great hotel at a fair price	We spent 3 nights at the Stanyan Park Hotel at a rate of $166. Our room was a deluxe queen which meant that we weren't tripping over our luggage. Comfortable bed, 27 inch screen for late night viewing, sizeable and very clean bathroom, and nice sitting area right by a bay window. Maid service was speedy. Assistance from front desk personnel was friendly and helpful. Location is off of Haight Street which is still a throw back to the 60's. We rented bicycles just outside our door and toured Golden Gate park, rode along the ocean, and ended up at the top of the Golden Gate bridge. Took advantage of the bus lines too that were within a block of the hotel. Parking across the street was secure and for $15 a day, a bargain compared to valet parking fees at other hotels. We utilized public transportation during the day and used the rental car in the evening. Never had any problems finding street parking near to restaurants. If you don't need turn down service, chocolates on your pillow, an excercise room, pool, or a restaurant on site, The Stanyan Park Hotel will work for you. Ample continental breakfast served from 6:00-10:00am.	
Aug 3 2008	Overall a good experience	I was surprised to see how negative the reviews of the Stanyan Park are. Our room was away from the street. I selected such a room on their website, and got what I asked for. The room was small, but workable. The view was non-existent, but the room was quiet. TV reception was poor. Our room was clean, even by my wife's very high standards. The staff were very helpful to us, day or night. The Stanyan does not have the amenities of fancier places, but I attribute the somewhat high cost to the location. Their contracted limo back to the airport costs no more than a cab and is highly recommended. From our perspective, the only true negative was the quality of the breakfast, which included trans-fat-laden muffins and other low-quality items. I can easily imagine that a &quot;park view&quot; room would be very noisy, so if you value your sleep, follow our lead and pick a room off the street.	
Jul 24 2008 	Be sure to double triple check any special requests	Needed to be close to UCSF Childrens Hospital-Our child was having a procedure. Advised hotel clerk we were a family of 2 adults, 2 kids. Was told only availability was 2 twins but hotel would push beds together to make one, and would bring in a roll away, that they have put many families in this room with absolutely no problem. I called a few hours before our arrival to make sure the room was ready as we would be in late-the manager? advised me the beds were screwed into the wall and a roll away would never fit in the room. I asked what to do, he repeatedly said &quot;we will work it out when you arrive&quot; I asked how, he just repeated himself. We arrived,I asked the manager? what could be done, he said &quot;nothing&quot; the beds are screwed into the wall and a roll away wont fit&quot; I reminded him that he said &quot;we would work it out on our arrival&quot; He cooly said &quot;nothing can be done w/the twins but they had other rooms but we would be charged more. So, we took the room w/2 twins.	
Jun 24 2008 	Great Hotel	This hotel was great, and so was the service from the personnel that worked there. I myself stayed in the 2 room suite which basically was bigger than my own apartment. My father was having surgery at UCSF and so the medical center is just a 10-15 minute walk away from the hospital. It was a bit pricey but definitely worth it. Customer Service was great, rooms were clean and have a Victorian type of style to them. The only negative thing that I can think of is that there isn't parking available for hotel guests. So if you do plan on staying at this hotel plan on paying extra for parking ($15 a night) across the street.	
Nov 16 2007 	Horrible service!	I arrived to the hotel at 10PM and was told, &quot;Oh, by the way, we don't have a room for you. I think a pipe burst, or something.&quot; They had found a room for me at the Great Motor Inn on the Great Highway but could not offer me taxi money to get there or to my conference downtown the next day. The receptionist was relunctant to call any of the hotels within walking distance saying &quot;I think we already called them&quot; and &quot;They ususally don't answer their phones this time of night.&quot; Overall, the receptionist was very casual and unhelpful regarding the situation. Fortunately, a friend offered me a sofa to sleep on for the night.	
Oct 11 2007 	Delighted with 2 room suite	We picked the Stanyan Hotel because it was close to Golden Gate Park. We were visiting San Francisco for a music festival held in the park so the location was perfect. The high ceilings and crown moldings throughout the hotel were charming. The suite had a real kitchen (range, refrigerator, dishwasher) and was fully stocked with dishes, glassware, cookware, etc. We never did use the kitchen beyond the glassware due to all the great restaurants the area had to offer. Although if one had to stay several days, this would be the way to do it.  We were surprised by the large dining room and living room. There was a comfy queen-sized bed in one room and two twins in the other. There was also a sofa sleeper which some friends were forced to use when another near by hotel canceled their reservation due to a late arrival (whoever heard of this?). Really the suite was more like a nice sized (for San Francisco) apartment. The staff was friendly and the breakfast spread served in the morning was adequate. If you have to stay several days, I'd highly recommend the suite.	
Sep 19 2007	Fine for one night	We stayed in the Stanyan Park Hotel on the last night of our trip to SF and had had trouble finding anywhere because of it being a Friday night.The hotel is OK - the descriptions talk about it being refurbished which is fine if you like the idea of a faded 1950s B&amp;B refurbishment with lots of pink and chintz.. I actually found it quite depressing and reminded me of too many faded British seaside hotels.We had a room that was &quot;internal&quot; so we had one very small window in the bedroom that looked out onto an internal shaft (I think it was room 103?) and the window in the bathroom (which was huge and lovely by the way!) looked directly into the room next door and we could hear everything they were saying. I have to say that their room looked a lot better than ours with a lovely big window and lots of space. Ours was a little dismal and depressing so maybe we were just unfortunate but worth bearing in mind for anyone wanting to book here.The reception staff were pleasant enough but not quite as ebulliently helpful as the experiences we had had elsewhere in California.At least the price included breakfast which made it a little more bearable. The breakfast was plentiful if a little basic.The situation of the hotel is great if you want to visit the Golden Gate Park as it is right near the entrance but it is a little out of the way for other attractions (though there is a great bus service that gets you into the centre within about 15 minutes).Would I stay there again? No but that doesn't mean that it might not appeal to other people!	
Sep 8 2007 	What a wonderful night in SF!	I waited till the very day of travel when a massive musical event was planned in Golden Gate Park; still they were extremely accomodating &amp; tried to save me their last room - I explained my situation that an out-of-the area friend invited me at the last minute; with the Bay Bridge closed that weekend I'd never have made it to the event without their consideration &amp; accomodations.They let my 15 year old stay free - I felt pretty safe in the area despite my 11:00 p.m. arrival on a Sat. night. Managed to park right on the street next to the hotel, and there was a pizza eatery nearby very conveniently. Beds exceptionally comfortable, bathroom &amp; room impeccably clean - had a very quiet inside room - free internet downstairs &amp; continental breakfast. Breakfast could be slightly expanded upon; but at least we were full &amp; got no decent meal during the musical event (all day) but remained full enough from the eggs, etc. Staff extremely friendly - very very helpful and concerned; most reassuring. A small and charming Queen Anne Victorian totally refurbushed - very atmospheric. A Wonderful Change from Mega Hotels w/zero personality in some cases. Prior remarks true that this is like living in the City (which I did years ago) instead of stopping at a big hotel like a tourista.A nice touch - if I'd have had more time to spend I am sure I would have loved resting in the cozy, decorative room.Do give Stanyan Park a try - it's convenient if you're going to the locations near Golden Gate Park, and a wonderful respite from Big City Life!Very beautiful &amp; historic building, plus gracious service here.	
Mar 14 2007 	Good non-USQ option	If you'd like to avoid the pack of Union Square hotels and don't mind being away from downtown, this is a good option. In a converted Victorian building across from the park, it's a quiet, relaxed, friendly place. It's not the W--if you need granite bathrooms and turndown service, you'll probably be disappointed--but it's a notch above the Holiday Inn rank and has a lot more character. The complimentary breakfast and wifi access are nice additions, and the staff was uniformly helpful.	
Jan 6 2007 	OK Stay and Would Probably Stay Again	My husband and I stayed at this hotel as it was close to UCSF. Overall we had a good stay and I think we would return if need be. Each afternoon coffee, tea and cookies are put out in a community sitting area with tables and chairs. To-go cups were also provided if you preferred to take a drink back to your room or out with you. There is also a breakfast in the morning but we didn't go in for that.Our room seemed small for the price - but it was clean, the furniture seemed &quot;newer&quot; and the bed was comfortable. The bathroom floor was a bit dingy looking - in need of a good scrub down. But aside from that the bathroom was ok. We had a hard time regulating the base board heater, being able to keep the room at a constant, comfortable temperature - but it did heat up quickly. Our room was quiet but a bit on the dark side.Parking was not onsite - it was across the street and down a little. The parking rates seemed comparable to other places in the area - a flat daily rate or by the hour - but they do only take cash. The lot was well lit at night and the walk to the hotel is along a main street. We had no problems there.The area around the hotel was ok. It's about one block from the Haight-Ashbury area which does have a lot of street people at night. We were asked for money several times but didn't have any problems while walking around looking for a place to eat. The next morning walking for breakfast the streets were virtually empty. If we had to stay in this area again, we would consider staying here.	
Nov 9 2006 	Things to consider if you book	we booked over the internet for myself, my partner and our daughter asking only for a quiet room. This wasn't taken into account when they allocated us a room, we had a &quot;Park View&quot; room which meant that the room was on the front of the hotel over the lobby. Directly outside the hotel there is one of the major roads through Haight-Ashbury and there are traffic lights so you get lots of traffic stopping and starting. There is also a bar two doors away from the hotel. The hotel only has single glazing so you are really affected by all the noise outside. Oh yes and the next block is a MacDonalds and the associated car park - there is nothing between the hotel and the car park except a road. There seem to be two types of &quot;characters&quot; in the area directly around the hotel - those living rough in the park and surrounding area who we felt no threat from (despite appearances) - then there were those who were hanging out around MacDonalds who felt much more threatening although I have nothing to base that on beyond some comments from them when we were walking past. We asked the receptionist if we could change rooms after our first night and were told that it wasn't possible as we were staying for too many nights (6 more). It was too much hassle for her to rearrange anyone else's shorter stays to accomodate us - so you would really be wise to speak to someone before you come and agree a quiet room if you need one.No drinks facilities in the room beyond two glasses and an ice bucket.No curtain/blind on the obscured glass bathroom window. But actually the street light is bright enough to give you good lighting for most trips!So (after all that) the hotel was attractive from the outside, reception was nice, room was ok visually. Staff was pretty uninterested. I would not stay there again or recommend any of my friends to stay there.	
Jul 17 2006	Okay but some problems	We booked a room at this hotel based on the info we found on the internet and we know that things may seem nicer on pictures than they really are. Well, this confirmed it once more. The hotel was okay, not more. The rooms were small. The staff were nice though. The neighbourhood close by is ok, but very close you'll find the old hippie area called Haights were A LOT of homeless people are hanging around. If you're taking the bus downtown, the nearest stop is in the Hippie area. Personally we were offered drugs several times while we were waiting for the bus.. Close to the hotel you'll also find a very nice park, but there are also A LOT of homeless people. Seemed like most of them spends the night in the park.. The hotel isn't really that cheap either, so if we're going back to San Francisco we'll rather pay more to stay in another hotel - in another part of the city..	
May 29 2006	Not worth it - And our rate was discounted!	We stayed here only because our family chose this hotel while 1 had surgery at USF Medical Center. We were supposed to get a discounted rate because of this. We ended up paying $134 per night for a very small, dark room with a queen bed. The bed was lumpy and uncomfortable. The bathroom needed a good cleaning, the floor was dinging. I didn't feel comfortable walking around in bare feet. The only positive was that we could walk the six blocks to the hospital. The parking is either street parking if you choose to leave your car out on the street or parking in the lot halfway down the block and across the street. The downside to this lot is that it requires you to pay EVERY time you leave the lot. It would be better if the hotel could strike up a deal so you only had to pay once a day. The 24 hour fee is $13.50 but they make you pay the hourly fee if you go in an out. The breakfast was very minimal offering items that appeared to be low quality. There is plenty of room for improvement. Overall the hotel needs a good scrub down and some improvements to the decor.	
Oct 24 2005	Great place if you want to stay in a neighborhood	The Stanyan Park Hotel is a great place to stay if you want to get a feel for what it is like to live in the city instead of just being a tourist. My husband and I rented a two-bedroom suite for a week that we shared with our teenage daughter and her friend. The suite was larger than many two-bedroom flats in San Francisco. In addition to the two bedrooms, we had a living room, a dining room (that we turned into a work area with our laptop computers -- the hotel has free wireless Internet access that worked well), and a complete kitchen. We have family members who live in San Francisco and we were able to have everyone over to visit us, something we never would have done in a regular hotel room or even most hotel suites. We quickly learned where the good coffee houses were, the best running and walking routes in Golden Gate Park, and how easy it was to get anywhere by walking a couple of blocks and taking the N Judah streetcar downtown. The girls loved the shopping on Haight St. and the freedom to hang out there on their own. Although there are plenty of homeless people right on Haight St. and at the entrance to Golden Gate Park, we never felt unsafe. The staff at the front desk were extremely helpful and pleasant. We took several day trips out of the city and it was very easy to get to either the Golden Gate Bridge to head north or 280 to head south from the hotel. My only objection to the hotel was that they need to get new beds -- our mattress sagged.	
Jul 17 2005	Nice little B	The Stanyan Park Hotel, while not upscale or right in the thick of SF activities, is a charming smaller hotel near the University of San Francisco and fairly close to UCSF Medical Center (which is why I stayed there). It's in or borders on the Haight-Ashbury neighborhood of 1960s counterculture fame. That shouldn't dissuade older, more conservative folks like me, though. The neighborhood is safe, and the hotel's door is locked at 9 p.m. for better security (and you have to use your room key to get in). Although there is public transportation to get you to Union Square, etc., I don't think I'd stay there without a car, but others might disagree. There is a parking a lot across the street from the hotel that costs up to a maximum of $13 for 24 hours--no in and out privileges, though. However, during the day, when I came back to the hotel for a few hours, I was able to find on-street parking on the surrounding blocks. The hotel itself consists of a lobby and breakfast/tea room and two floors of rooms. My room was on the street side and there was some noise late at night from people leaving a nearby bar. It didn't bother me a whole lot--might be worse on weekends. The room was clean and nicely decorated; the bathroom was small but modern and adequately stocked. The phone and TV worked fine. A nice plus was a bay window with two chairs, which I took advantage of in the morning to read before I checked out. The continental breakfast and the afternoon tea were adequate, but nothing to rave about. I was pleasantly surprised by how good the coffee was. The staff were friendly and helpful. I would recommend this hotel to budget-conscious ($130.50 in SF in the summertime is a good rate) people who don't have to be right in the middle of the activity of SF.	
Jun 1 2005	Loved it!	Totally friendly. Great for anyone! The staff always went above and beyond! Only downfall is that the price has gone up some since last time I was there. But I will stay there every time!	
Apr 13 2004	Good value	This establishment is a refreshing alternative to large hotels in the city centre. The rooms are clean and the staff are friendly. Unfortunately, the neighbourhood is a little 'uncomfortable', especially at night. That said, it does offer good value for money.	
Oct 13 2003	Good San Fran Value if tired of downtown downtown	If you want to visit the funky restaurants in Haight-Ashbury or the Golden Gate Park or save a little money this was good. We had a room on 2nd fllor at an intersection - great view. To moderate traffic noise we unhitched the curtains and slept fine (after 2 weeks in the woods).They could improve the breakfast at a nominal cost by adding cereals, more fruit selections and just plain old toast. We hade 2 out of 3 good people at the front desk (not too bad).The place was clean and convenient.	
Sep 25 2003	Nice place	This was a great location if you have business near golden gate park. It was an easy walk to the park, the restaurants on Cole, and, of course, the Haight. The room was small, but clean and comfortable. The breakfast and afternoon tea were very nice. I was made to feel welcome and the staff was very helpful. They provided me with excellent directions for navigating the mass transit system and had a nice map of the park. The Kezar pub a few doors down was very enjoyable and I recommend it. We enjoyed our stay at the Stanyan Park Hotel and will stay there again.To address a previous reviewer's feelings on the neighborhood...The Haight neighborhood can be a bit sketchy, but it is safe to walk around. The homeless kids may be poor and 'unclean' but they are not 'evil' people. There are homeless people in most neighborhoods in SF.	
Aug 25 2003 	Quite nice	We wanted to stay near the Golden Gate Park, but having read the terrible review on this site, we were worried about staying here. We took a chance and fortunately enjoyed the hotel. Room was small but clean and well furnished. Tea and breakfast and staff were fine and helpful and we met some interesting travelers here. Our only concern were some of the folks wandering on Haight. The park was great, including the free weekend bus circling around. Price seemed a bit high relative to other motels on the WWW, but there didn't seem to be others in this area. I would recommend this hotel.	
Mar 5 2003	will not stay there again...better choices	The hotel room was very small and dark. Noise complaints went unaswered by an arrogant desk manager. No hot water in the morning. VERY overpriced for its facilities. I chose it for location but next time would saty somewhere else and take a cab.......	
Sep 9 2008 	Consigliatissimo!		
