	Fine location at the edge of China Town and Little Italy	The quality of the rooms and services are what you can expect from a Hilton: above average. But the location makes it a perfect stay. Right at the edge of China Town and 10min walk from many good restaurants at Columbus Avenue. A much better location than the Embarcadero or around Union Squaire. We defintely would stay again.	
Nov 9 2009 	Beyond helpful staff. Great hotel. Wonderful location.	We booked our room through Hotels.com, but unfortunately, our reservation was non-refundable and we had to change our dates. At first, it was nearly impossible to change, but the Hotels.com representative spoke to the Hilton hotel manager and was able to change our reservation dates with the Hilton's approval. Thankfully, the Hilton didn't charge us more since the rate had gone up by $100 since we booked our room. Also, when we checked in, without us asking, they had upgraded us to a better room for free. Nice.The rooms were a little smaller than expected, but very comfy. The decor was nice and modern. The free internet was a nice touch from the hotel. There's also a coffee maker and tea available to you.Overall, I enjoyed my stay here. Most of the tourist spots are within walking distance. Union Square is less than a mile away. Also, Chinatown and North Beach (aka Little Italy) are pratically right outside the hotel. I would highly recommend walking to North Beach for Italian food. My recommendation would be Franchino's, which is nice moderately priced family-owned Italian restaurant (about a 10 min walk).My only complaint would be that no matter how high your room is, you can still here traffic and other noises. We were up on the 23rd floor, and we could here children playing in the playground across the street. Also, parking is really expensive here. Valet is $53 a day and self-park is $30 per 24 hrs. I would advise you to drive around the neighborhood because you can find parking structures with cheaper prices.	
Nov 5 2009 	Not a true Hilton experience	We stayed at this location because of its proximity to our client. Upon arrival to the hotel, you may, or may not be met by a person who is not in proper uniform as the door/car person. You will ascend many steps into the hotel lobby which is extremely basic and comes off as a tourist hotel, not a business hotel. The check-in process was fine and certainly sufficient. The elevator bank was insufficient for the number of rooms and floors, and was made worse by the amount of apparent groups of children who happened to be staying at the same time. Room service was good but on our two tries we could not communicate well with the person who delivered the food to the room. The room appointments were above average but room had cleanliness issues. Furniture in room was badly marked, and the desk chair was ripped and inoperative.I am told that the location had recently gone through a management change so it is possible that things will improve. As a regular Hilton guest, I would not classify this property as typical and believe it to be more of a Holiday Inn quality. It appears that the economy has also had an impact on staffing, but that is understandable in this day and time.	
Nov 3 2009 	Bad service is ok because its not in our character.	My wife and I were celebrating our 10th anniversary so I decided to plan a one-night trip to San Francisco. The Hilton Financial District was a great choice because of the in-house spa (Tru Spa is EXCELLENT!!), proximity to shopping/dining and past customer reviews. I booked my room a few weeks in advance and contacted the Hotel Concierge, Joel to make dinner reservations and find out more about the area. Joel and I had great phone conversations and he even offered to send a complimentary bottle of champagne to our room the night of our visit (Saved me from ordering it myself) which was a great gesture. Even though I did not book my stay through the Hilton directly, Joel treated me with great care; just because I was a customer/patron!On the day of our stay, we arrived a few hours before check in to see if we could get our room early. To our dismay, we were told that because of how we booked our stay (through Priceline.com), we would not be allowed to check-in early. This was no problem since we knew in advance that check-in would be at 3:00 PM but the way the gentleman at the Front-desk (do not recall his name) treated my wife and I was inexcusable. The gentleman made it seem as if we were not worthy of staying at that hotel and looked, &quot;down his nose&quot; at us and basically told us to come back after 3:00 PM. My wife and I had an appointment with the spa so we decided to take in some shopping before our spa appointment and check-in time (Tru Spa is the one bright-point of the hotel!).After leaving the spa, we went to the same gentleman at the front desk to check-in (this time after 4:00 PM) and he joked that he was going to give our room away because we waited so long to check in. That's right; the same person that would not allow us to check in early chastised us about checking-in an hour or so after the check-in time (even after explaining that we were staying at the hotel for our anniversary)! Although extremely bothered by the service, we decided to go up to our room and get ready for dinner.When we arrived at our room, there was no champagne as previously arranged so I figured that it would arrive later in the evening. My wife and I had a beautiful dinner at the restaurant that Joel (The Concierge I spoke with when planning our visit) suggested and returned to our hotel for a night-cap. Again, to my dismay there was no champagne left or delivered to our room. Luckily I had purchased a bottle of wine from the restaurant (for our cellar) that we were able to enjoy that evening.When we checked out the next morning, I went to the concierge desk to discuss what went wrong with what Joel and I planned and again was floored from the response and level of service received. The gentleman at the concierge desk reviewed my room and notes and explained that he has never seen Joel make a mistake in the 10-years that he has known him (from the Hilton as well as prior hotels) and that is was not in his character. He never apologized for the mishap (which is all I was seeking) and actually stopped our conversation mid-sentence to talk to one of his old friends from his past. I was flabbergasted! I travel quite a bit for work and have NEVER had such a poor service experience from a hotel. I explained what had happened to the young lady that checked us out and she made her best attempt to find me a manager but not-so-surprisingly the manager on duty at the time was the gentleman at the concierge (who was then enjoying catching-up with his friend).I urge ANYONE to pick another hotel for your travels! The initial Concierge (Joel) that I spoke with was not working on the day of our travel and is not at fault for his peer’s failure to follow-through. Bad service IS NOT ok just because it is not typical of your service!	
Nov 1 2009 	Great 2 day visit	Arrived Friday &amp; Left Sunday; great restaurants four blocks away at Belden Place; easy walk on Kearney; use #1california bus down to Embarcadero; 9X to Wharf from in front of the hotel; conceirge was very informative and helpful; housekeeping more than accomodating; will return.	
Oct 27 2009	Great location!	I love the location of this hotel, close to union square, China town, North Beachand the Ferry building. Rooms are of adequate size and nicely furnished. Love the large windows. We were on the 20th floor and have a gorgeous view of the Coit Tower andthe bay. The only negative was the bathroom, the tub was worn around the drain and the drain would not close, and the sliding door did not give much privacy. If you stayhere, try the Salt and Pepper calamari at the R &amp; G Lounge on Kearny (very closeto the hotel) the best calamari I've ever had!	
Oct 26 2009 	Parking Garage is a SCAM	Worst experience ever. They put a sign out front that says $7 ... better than a garage across the street who had it at $10 ... so I decide to branch out and try this place. BIG Mistake! They essentially false advertise because in small print there are hours to the deal. And excuse me for buying into the teaser price, but if the hours of the deal expired why would you have the sign out front still? Not sure if this reflects on Hilton Financial for their poor management of their vendors, or badly on ACE parking for their bad business practices and horrible customer service. Park across the street, the place 'looks' a little less reliable but the guy is SUPER nice and you always get the best deal....No False Advertising or Scams Hotel itself would be fine...but the little things count	
Oct 22 2009 	Service location hotel food -- all great!	We had a marvelous stay at the Hilton Financial District. Check-in was fast &amp; friendly. As a Hilton Reward member, we received coupons for free continental breakfast for both mornings &amp; coupons for other freebies and/or discounts at the hotel. The lobby is very spacious and welcoming with two complimentary computers with Internet access. In the morning they had a coffee bar and in the afternoon and evening there was a bar for adult drinks.Our room was amazing with a great view! The room looked newly decorated and was immaculate. We had two comfortable queen-sized beds with lots of types of pillows. The bathroom was quite large with a full range of amenities. Free Internet access was included with our stay, but I'm not sure if this was one of the perks for being a Hilton Reward member. The room had a built-in desk which was quite large to put all our stuff on. We found the Financial District a very good location for our vacation. We were within walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf, China Town, Cable Car Museum and the cable cars. We walked most of our trip and this was with two children, 8 &amp; 10 years old.My only complaint about the area was that it was somewhat loud at night, but I'm guessing it's loud almost everywhere in the city. I'd recommend asking for a high floor to get away from the street noise.We parked in the underground parking area and I think it was $30.00 a day.One thing that stands out in my mind was the exceptional service we had. The receptionist went out of her way to help us get something printed for our trip. We also found the people who worked at the breakfast buffet to be very helpful and courteous.All-in-all it was a great stay and I would definitely stay there again. I found it a true bargain for San Francisco.	
Oct 18 2009 	lovely place to stay!	great place to stay, great walk into town, right on the london open top bus route!! clean and well presented hotel, would not hesitate in recommend hotel. traveled with husband and a 9 and 4 year old!! felt like part of the city!! stayed in execetive room with city view!!! WOW	
Oct 18 2009 	Business Travelers come here...	It is perfect for the financial district. Definitely not a place for tourists.	
Oct 12 2009 	Loved the view from the Hilton Financial District!	A friend gave us two nights on the 26th floor of the Hilton, and I have to say that we were completely satisfied. The room was beautiful, the housekeeping immaculate, and the view of Coit Tower, Alcatraz and the ocean was fantastic. Everything was in fine working order, and I would highly recommend staying at this hotel.	
Oct 12 2009 	Not If You Want a Decent Night's Sleep!	We stayed here based on its good location (adjacent to North Beach and Chinatown, and within walking distance of the Fisherman's Wharf area) and the promise of a king room with a nice view. That much was delivered, and all was fine until about 3 in the morning, when the occupants of the adjoining room came in. They were not particularly loud -- but you could hear every word of their conversation through walls that must lack sufficient sound insulation. They chatted for a while, and we figured at least we could sleep in the following morning. But the clock alarm -- the standard kind of hotel alarm -- went off at 7, and they kept hitting the snooze button every ten minutes for an hour. I have never before in a hotel heard a standard alarm in another room through the walls. The hotel must know of the problem, given the pair of earplugs that were lying on a bedstand. I complained the next morning in a firm but professional manner to the one clerk on duty, and it was evident that she had heard similar complaints before. She said it must have been that the adjoining room had a common door (though it did not); that's an excuse you might accept from a $39/night hotel, not a Hilton. She offered nothing, not even sympathy, over the problem. We had booked through Expedia, and even their intervention produced nothing -- they said Hilton even claimed that there was no record of anyone complaining that morning. (I guess when you tell a clerk that you just spent the worst night you ever had in a hotel, and provide the specifics I just gave, that doesn't qualify as a &quot;complaint.&quot;) This is a nicely situated property but undeserving of a Hilton. At the price, there should be many other better places to stay.	
Oct 12 2009 	Excellent hotel	Extremely friendly check-in. Although the twin room wasn't that spacious the view was marvelous and comfort great. Very friendly staff, great restaurant and breakfast. Excellent location. Loved it!	
Oct 9 2009 	Awesome place to live in	Great ambiance and Service !!Clean and great with kids !!	
Oct 8 2009 	Spectacular views and great location!!!!	The entire staff was wonderful and the hotel was magnificient. Great views from the rooms and walking distance to the China town and many other great sites. The staff was very helpful and pleasant.	
Oct 6 2009 	Incredible view !	Stayed for 3 nights and the view is something else ! make sure you get a bay view and a high floor though or you wont know what me mean . I could understand this hotel could be noisy if you were on the lower floors.Location is great but again you get ripped off for parking $38 I think for the night, I parked in the car park opposite but it was still like $30. So if you can leave the car or hand it back in for a few days, you dont need one in SFO. Hotel is pretty much in China town and is about a 15 min walk to Chancellor Square its very easy to walk to though and seemed safe.Didnt walk to Fishermans Wharf from it though as that seemed easy enough but a bit too far.Hotel was fine , typical Hilton really but the view is worth the money	
Oct 4 2009 	Amazing view	My husband and I stayed here for a few days on vacation before his stay became a business trip. We used honors points for our portion of the stay, so I'm not sure how to rate the value, but overall we had a fantastic time. They upgraded us to the 24th floor with a view of Coit Tower and it's surroundings. Absolutely gorgeous sight with the fog rolling in every morning and night.The hotel staff for the most part was fairly helpful. The man who checked us in was great. The valet was fast and polite. Concierge needs some work... We were consistently on our own trying to find good restaurants. Scala was superb, by the way.Hotel is next to Chinatown. We walked to the Ferry Bldg...15min?? Cabs are easy to find. We had one driver who loves to play drumsticks and sing while he drives lol.Overall, you'll be happy with the Hilton...one word of advice-if the elevator gets stuck, try the open door shut door buttons to unjam it. Yes we did get stuck. but only for about a minute :)	
Oct 1 2009 	Solid Business Hotel Nice remodel - somewhat noisy neighborhood	This is a very solid hotel and in general up to Hilton standards. Not spectacular but clean, nicely appointed, and recently remodeled. Staff is effecient. One complaint is that the neighborhood can be somewhat noisy at night and the walls/windows did little to buffer the sound	
Sep 25 2009 	Excellent business hotel with great views	I liked the fact that this hotel borders a lot of different areas, was wonderfully appointed, and a great value. It is really on the border of the financial district and Chinatown, both housing the Chinese Cultural Center and located one block from the Transamerica Building. It's also a short walk to Italian restaurants to the north and 15 minutes to the convention area to the south. I had a nice view and I was only on the 8th floor. The room, while not new, was in excellent condition and tastefully decorated.No washcloths were provided the first day in the bathroom, but a simple note to housekeeping solved that problem. Is that a trend - I've had that happen at other hotels.The fitness center was a good size with both music and TV options. The line at Peet's in tthe lobby was long in the morning, but there's plenty of other options right down the street. I did not go to the lobby restaurant.	
Sep 24 2009 	Would have stayed longer!	We didn’t spend much time here but what we saw we liked. The hotel was very nice and convenient to everything. Our room had a stunning view of Coit Tower and the harbor. The room had every possible convenience you could think of but a little small. Check in was easy the lobby was nice. The restaurant / bar / spa all looked inviting but we didn’t have time to go.ONE BIG DOWNER: Parking. Their website said $30 for parking. It’s a lot but not compared to some other hotels in SF. What they don’t tell you is the $30 is for STREET PARKING. You have to drive up and down the hills to find a spot and then you have to leave your car there with no in and out privileges. OR you can pay $50 for valet parking which is underground and you have in and out privileges. Hmm? Which one would you take? They are both a rip-off.I do recommend the night tour at Alcatraz. Excellent.	
Sep 17 2009 	Recent room update location and price trumped a few problems	I stayed at the Hilton in the Financial District for two nights midweek during a recent business trip. It was very busy, with lots of people coming and going in the lobby, but perhaps because it was midweek I didn't run into some of the noise problems that others have spoken of. Overall I had a good enough experience to rate it as &quot;very good&quot; as opposed to &quot;average,&quot; but there are some issues you should be aware of if considering staying here. First the good. They've clearly done room renovations recently as the furnishings and appointments all look new, both in the rooms and the common areas. The location is great, several blocks North from the BART Montgomery Street station, and on or near some key bus lines. Chinatown and North Beach are at your doorstep and that means lots of good food choices (e.g. Hunan Home, which I have also reviewed). The price I got for the room was very good for San Francisco.There were some issues that I ran into, though. The elevators in this place are entirely inadequate for the number of people staying here. I had to wait for other cars several times because they were so full. I also wasn't especially impressed with the service. I was in my room when housekeeping came by initially so I asked them to come back later - they didn't. The waitstaff in the lounge weren't attentive at all.Out of fairness on this topic I should mention that the concierge was very friendly and helpful. All of this is just fair warning, I suppose, that if you take the good of the renovated rooms, price, and location, you may run into some logistics and service issues.	
Sep 12 2009 	Hilton doesn't really care	pls let me attache my previous complain in here which I never had any reply from anyone which shows that they don't and won't care even to say a simple sorry !!!To the attention of : Hilton International HotelsHilton Financial District General ManagerHilton Guest RelationsHilton Customer ComplainDears:My name is Hossam E. Adel Mahmoud and I was visiting San Francisco through March, 2009 period and I knew that I can trust the Hilton Chain for their reputation accordingly I did the reservations for 10nights for me and my wife from the 3rd up to the 13th of March, 2009 at room # 723 at Hilton Financial District at San Francisco, California.We did some search through hotels in San Francisco and there was some cheaper hotel rates as well as some higher rates but we were certain that we will be treated good as Hilton’s international hotels would treat their clients or guests specially that I do have the HHonors membership Well all went fine except for one of the days as we were sleeping one day and at 9;00AM we were shocked and woke up on a very loud and big banging (hammer-like) right on top of our room roof and we were on the 7th floor at the Hilton Financial District ????????????!!!!!!!!!!!This was really shocking for us specially that my wife would have to have enough sleep as she was under medication due to recent surgery she had as well as she was attending the American Dermatology conference at the Moscone center there and we already had a jetlag so will definitely could use every single minute of relaxing and sleeping .Well I really thought that one of the guests is fixing something or whatever but I called the front office and I complained and the lady who answered me heard the banging herself through the phone (which shows how loud it was)Well this was approx. 9:30 AM and after my call I expected this banging or whatever it was to stop immediately or within few minutes at the most but to my surprise it kept banging there for approx. 15 more minutes ???????????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I even expected a call from the front office for any kind of an apology but it never happened as if it’s a common thing to happen in hotels or particularly this hotel .Well I managed to record this incident on my video camcorder and will gladly send you an attachment as soon as I get it copied as this wasn’t acceptable at all.For sure I can understand the thin wall issue and how you may hear other TV’s or noises from guests on next rooms but to have such maintenance all of a sudden without a prior warning for guests specially that I was putting the “do not disturb” sign outside my doors to have some peaceful sleep ??!!! this is the thing that I will never understand specially that I choose to stay in a 5 stars classified hotel but what happened can’t even transpire in a 3 stars or even a 2 stars hotel !!!Is this the way Hilton treats their guests ?! without even an apology at the time or afterward even with a small and simple phone call !!! This is really very inadequate and deplorable from the Hilton.I will be waiting for your reactions to this complain and I’m much interested to find out what the Hilton international and the Hilton San Francisco will do regarding this and hope this will be satisfactory for me specially that I recommended the Hilton to our colleagues and friends who was planning to visit San Francisco prior to our stay there ?!P.S. this is the first time in my life I face a situation like this and I did stay at most of the international hotel chain throughout the world	
Sep 8 2009 	Loved the location and accommodations fine	We stayed here for a family vacation to see the sights of San Francisco. We had free room nights and were able to reserve them with no problem. We loved the location -right by Chinatown and a few blocks walking to Columbus Street and all the Italian restaurants. It was nice to be in an area that felt like a real neighborhood, rather than the chaos of somewhere like Fisherman's Wharf. We were close enough to easily get to the wharf, Alcatraz and other sights without driving our car. One day we took the city tour that picks up right by the hotel; the concierge provided details on the one that best fit our needs (1 day only rather than the 2 day of some tour companies).The room was fine with comfortable beds, although the typical small room of a big city. We thought the hotel was quiet, with no sound from nearby rooms, despite having a few tours and business groups staying there. The only issue we found was that the room with two queen beds was too small to accommodate a rollaway as well, an problem with our two kids who can't share a bed. Luckily, there was a small lounge bench (sort of like a contemporary version of a &quot;fainting couch) in the room and it was long enough to accommodate my shorter teen. The hotel promptly provided extra mattress pad, sheets and comforter and she slept there fine. If you had two tall teens and were expecting a rollaway, the room would be a problem. We liked that there was a coffee stand with a variety of coffee drinks and pastries right in the lobby. We also went to a small restaurant (just out the front door and left across a small alley) next door for good and economical breakfasts, including Chinese noodles if you prefer that to eggs or pancakes.We saved on parking by using the public parking garage directly across the street rather than the hotel's pricey valet parking.Next trip back to San Francisco I'd stay here again with no hesitation.	
Sep 7 2009 	Nice hotel "Thin Walls"	I took my family to SF to see the sites.The hotel is well decorated and rooms are well appointed. Unfortunately , the wall are thin and you can hear everything in the next room.The room next door had extremely loud guests which must have been having a party. Extremely noisy Around 2:00 AM.Be-aware of the connector rooms.... thin and if the part next door has party .. people are contently attempting to open .. Lucky we had the lock on our side.	
Sep 5 2009 	Good location and great views	After reading reviews about the noise, I was a bit concerned; however, I am glad I ignored them. We did not have any issues with noise at this hotel. The views overlooking the bay were simply splendid. It's a short, pleasant walk to shopping, restaurants. Downside - the restaurant is horrible. The service is non-existent (we actually had to &quot;guess&quot; our bill and leave money on the table as our server NEVER returned. Also, there is zero to do after 10pm in this hotel so if you are looking for a nightcap, you will need to walk to the Irish Pub behind the hotel.	
Sep 4 2009 	Poor Service small room good location	Having stayed at the hotel before it became a Hilton, we chose the hotel again mainly because of its location, (easy to get to Liberty Square, Fishermans Wharf and China Town). On arrival the hotel was chaotic, people milled around in the lobby and the check in wasn't as efficient as you would expect.The room was small but had adequate facilities. The one thing that disappointed was the service especially the service from the coffee shop / wine bar. I asked for coffee at 4 pm, even though the sign was up stating it was a coffee bar, I was treated with scorn and derision by the server and it was up to a customer to explain the coffee bar closes at midday and turns into a wine bar. I contacted the manager and he was nothing but unhelpful and didn't even apologies for the rudeness of his staff. All I wanted was a coffee!Shame, it rather tainted my view of the hotel and although I had previously recomended the hotel, I will never be staying in it again nor will I stay in a Hilton.	
Sep 4 2009 	Good place to stay in the city	Overall I was satisfied with my stay. The rooms were clean and everything worked! The only thing that bothered me is that the business center was pretty expensive. They should allow a very limited amout of work to be done at no charge. Location is good. Avoid taking the supershuttle, since this seems to be their last stop to drop off.	
Sep 1 2009	Next to Chinatown and great rooms.	For tourists this is a dream. We had minor problems with a faulty soda machine and a broken bed, but from the 8th floor there is no street noise at night. Large rooms, but far from some attractions. There is no problem getting to Fisherman's Wharf on the 9x bus and Chinatown is across the street.	
Aug 29 2009 	Great Value for just the room...Great Location.	Room service very expensive. Breakfast was almost just as bad, 5 bucks for warm filtered coffee, 6 bucks for crappy grapefruit juice. Continental breakfast was good though, nice selection.	
Aug 28 2009 	'Super' Comfy Bed 	4 night stay in a clean and comfortable room. The bed and pillows were fantastically comfortable and we had a good night sleep every night. Nice view of city buildings from our room. Hotel located close to china town and small walk to catch tram to fisherman's wharf. Only bad side would be no fridge in the room, we missed having that.If you've never been to San Francisco before, like us, they have a lot of steep streets, so walking up them is a good workout on your legs.I would definately recommend this hotel, however, I would consider next time staying a little closer to fisherman's wharf area.	
Aug 26 2009 	Good value in the middle of downtown San Francisco	We stayed for two nights and had a room facing Coit Tower and the bay. Try to get a room in a high floor. The room was very clean and we also had free Wifi. Most of the sights are within walking distance and the staff was very helpful. They helped us finding a great restaurant and guiding us there. The parking is very expensive, but as you are in the middle of San Francisco it is ok. The only strange thing is the bathroom door, just a wood and glass sliding door. Definitely not enough privacy in there. Over all it was great and good value for money.	
Aug 26 2009 	Great location great views basic room	Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. Did not get a deal, but emailed the hotel for a room upgrade and we got a king size bed room on the 22nd floor with a beautiful view of the bay! Very nice, clean rooms. Basic size, just enough if you're not spending a lot of time in your room. Beds and pillows were VERY comfortable!! Got some great sleep during this trip! Absolutely beautiful views of the bay and Coit tower. Location was perfect for us as it was very central to everything, since this was our first time in San Francisco and we wanted to see everything we really liked this location. Only downside we experienced was that we stood in line for about half an hour to check in, they only had two attendants and about 10 parties waiting to check in, otherwise we really enjoyed our stay at this hotel and would stay here again and recommend to friends.	
Aug 24 2009	Excellent value for the price we paid	Had a really good rate for this hotel as we booked early and only paid £70 per night for 6 - 9 August. Really liked the location as it was right next to Chinatown and very close to North Beach. Very nice room with a very comfortable kingsize bed - good shower, though would have preferred some shower gel rather than soap. Didn't bother with breakfast in the hotel as it was very expensive and so ate every morning in the Garden Restaurant next door which was excellent value. Other reviews have mentioned that this hotel is noisy but we didn't really find this to be the case. Overall, this hotel was excellent value for the price we paid but I wouldn't want to pay the full rate.	
Aug 22 2009 	Suitable	I stayed at the Hilton one night for work. Had a great view of Coit Tower. Room was clean and had a chair to sit in, but the TV was not flat screen, room was small, and the location is great for the financial district but it's not on a very attractive street abutting Chinatown. Free internet, though. I had stayed in the Fairmont the week before for about $100 more and the room there was three times better but it was full this time.	
Aug 20 2009	Nice hotel but....	This hotel was fabulously decorated. The hotel staff was a bit snooty however the conceirge Eric was the best conceirge I have ever come across. I traveled with 3 others and we stayed on the 24th floor in one of the king suites that overlooked the Bay. The view was spectacular! The room was spacious with a nice little wet bar with plenty of refrigerator, counter and cupboard space (however there wasn't a microwave which I found odd). Great spacious bathroom with a nice rainfall showerhead. Since we stayed on one of the luxury floors we received complimentary continental breakfast coupons. The breakfast was good however, beware that they also have a full american breakfast buffet located right next to it that isn't clearly marked. I made the mistake the first day eating down there since the host never told us we could only have what was on the first table, not the second. So, we went and grabbed food from the other buffet line (which is literally 3 steps away from the other) and sat down. The host came over and told us that the coupon was only good for the table on the left so we ended up being charged $7 per person (without the coupon it would have been $22 for the American Buffet and $16 for the Continental). We learned our lesson and day after day, we watched other guests make the same mistake with some of them getting pretty upset. The elevators in the hotel are horrible. There are only 4 elevators for 27 floors. There were times that we would stop at every other floor which was pretty annoying, although we did visit at a very busy time of year for tourists.The location of this hotel is great. It is located right in the Financial District and Chinatown and is only about an easy mile walk to Union Square, Fisherman's Wharf, and many other fun places.	
Aug 19 2009 	Very good choice - excellent service	I would recommend this Hilton to anyone looking for a well located and decent priced hotel. We had 2 interconnecting rooms which were spacious and the beds were very comfortable. On arrival one room wasn't ready so they gave us complimentary breakfast the next day. It was v nice and saved us hunting around for somewhere to eat on our first morning. What I want to compliment the hotel most on is their amazing concierge staff. They really couldn't do enough for us. They booked us on a Toads tour at very short notice and went well beyond the call of duty when my husband lost his passport. They provided us with support, reassurance and very helpful advice. Luckily the passport turned up but it was a very stressful experience made bearable by 2 amazingly helpful members of the concierge team. We liked the location of the hotel which is literally a hop and a skip away from Chinatown where we spent lots of time shopping, eating and drinking tea in the little tea shops. If Chinatown isn't for you, you may prefer to be nearer Union Sq but it suited us really well. It is noisy at night but hey, you are staying in a busy city. It didn't keep us awake at all. All in all, a good solid choice of accommodation	
Aug 18 2009 	Good Location Comfortable Room	We booked a three night stay for the SF marathon. We arrived early and were offered a queen room for early check in or we could wait for the king. Glad we took the queen because it had a GREAT view. The room was pretty standard, but the bathroom was very spacious (possibly an accessable room?) and the bed was extremely comfortable. We never heard any noise from other guest rooms or in the hallways. The location was easy walking to Chinatown, Little Italy and just a bit further to the piers. We ended up leaving a day early and the front desk staff was very helpful accomodating. I booked quite early and got what I consider to be a GREAT price, so I was very happy with my stay.	
Aug 17 2009 	They overbooked somehow despite the financial crisis	We arrived from a 10-hour trip around 1:30pm, which was before the 3pm check-in time. No problem to wait for 3pm for our room which was said to not be clean. Staff let us store our luggage and we went for lunch at a great Chinese restaurant. However, we came back a 2:55 to find at least 10 parties in front of us wanting to check in. When we got up to the desk, we were told a different story: the room that had been assigned to us was not vacated, and that they had no more availability for our room class. We were then told we would get an upgrade to luxury level (27 floor) with a bay view. We were given a room number with card keys, and told to wait in the lobby while it was cleaned. 45 mins later, we went back to the desk to ask the status. We were then told that our initial room was free, and that we'd get another room, a downgrade, but that they'd throw in the complimentary breakfast for our stay. 30 mins later, we finally got a room. Very inconsistent, but clearly they were in a bad way.During our wait in the lobby, we realized we were not alone. There were lots of people in the same boat as we. And they all got different versions of a story about why their room wasn't ready. One couple had traveled from Australia and that's more than 36 hours travel time. They were offered free drinks in the bar, and the husband said politely that the only thing that would make him happy was a place to lie down! The lobby was an ugly place that afternoon. I wanted to think the hotel staff was a bunch of liars, but at the same time I was being sympathetic with their situation if the overbooking had been a computer problem. Never once was that explanation offered, however.The next morning, there were tons of people with free breakfasts vouchers (some of whom we recognized from the lobby the night before) waiting for space in the cafeteria. We would have had to wait again, but the hostess &quot;upgraded&quot; us to the luxury side of the lounge. It still took forever to have a carafe of coffee - we only got to sit there, not get served. The room was clean and modern. There is a lot of noise, but that's normal for a hotel in a city. I disliked the sliding door in the bathroom - it offers only &quot;visual&quot; privacy. It's a space-saving compromise that was poorly done. There was some mildew on the tiles of the bath, but it was cleaned up after 2 days. The safe will hold a laptop computer and was complimentary. So was WiFi internet. Those are great points for this hotel.	
Aug 13 2009 	Reliable and comfortable with a nice view	We chose to stay here instead of the Palace Hotel where our conference was being held because the price was very reasonable. We checked in late - about midnight and everything in and around the hotel was closed. The room was very clean and comfortable with a beautiful view of the Bay. I agree with the previous reviews about the bathroom door - it doesn't offer much privacy and doesn't lock. A very odd design. The hotel offers free internet which is nice. Unfortunately, to fax a 3 page document from the business center cost $13. That's pretty ridiculous.We found the service in the restaurant to be pitiful. When we arrived in the evening for a light meal and drinks, we waited almost 15 minutes for a server to take our order. The restaurant was not crowded. Once our order arrived, our server never came back. We ended up guessing the amount of our bill and leaving it on the table. For breakfast, there isn't any service. What you see is what you get on the buffet - if you want a drink other than coffee, tea or orange juice (such as water), no one will wait on you.The bellhops will try to get you to take a car service instead of a cab. This is because they get a kickback. Just be aware.I recommend this hotel for location and comfort - just plan to eat and drink elsewhere.	
Aug 11 2009 	Good Hotel Nice view of city.	Hotel had friendly service. Was located easy walking distance to the public transportation. Do not try to walk to Fisherman's Wharf... too far...uphill...oops.	
Aug 10 2009 	Large hotel - felt nice - slept great!	Great property in a wonderful location. If you like walking, this would be the place for you.Since they are a large property, they host a number of conferences and there was one when I was there. Room was clean but wasn't large. Bathroom had cute double doors, which is nice but different for a Hilton.Another plus is that there is a Starbucks in the lobby......not a 'proudly serving Starbucks' but a real Starbucks! Plan accordingly in the mornings - there is a line because everyone wants/needs their coffee!	
Aug 9 2009 	Great location comfortable plain vanilla hotel.	I got a good rate on this hotel through Hotwire. The hotel is older and is nothing special in terms of luxury. I would call it very standard business class hotel but it was comfortable and safe.. Hotwire lists it as 4 stars. The location is excellent for sightseeing since it is literally across the street from Chinatown and a few blocks from North Beach. Fisherman's Wharf is an easy bus or cab ride. The room did not have an flat-panel TV. It was one of the old CRT models. One other thing I recommend is that you do not drive to this hotel. There is no free on-street parking and parking at the hotel will cost you dearly. Also, a refrigerator in the room costs $25 a night. The hotel has free wireless internet.	
Aug 7 2009 	A real surprise	We got a wonderful rate that included parking. (The parking was easy in and easy out) I was apprehensive about our room, even though it was the Hilton. What a joyful surprise. Comfortable beds and pillows, huge fluffy bath towels, great shower heads, walls thick enough to avoid tell-tale neighbors and lots of accessible outlets in the rooms. The location was in the hub of Union Square. The lobby was huge and really a buzz of activity. Really a pleasant stay.	
Aug 7 2009 	Nice hotel but don't expect any favors	I am a Hilton Diamond member and I had very high hopes for this hotel as I was contacted in advance by the Guest Services Manager and asked did I have any special requests. I asked to be upgraded based on my Diamond status and asked if there would be a fridge in the room. The Manager replied back that I would be upgraded to a bay view room and that while fridges are available, they are a $15 charge per day. I decided not to go with the fridge as that seemed quite high and I've never been charged for one in my 4+ years of traveling regularly for business.Hotel Pros:1. Location is very close to Chinatown which has lots of restaurants and shopping. Also close to North Beach which is the Italian area and also has lots of restaurants. We easily walked to the Embarcadero and Union Square as well. There is a Muni station about 6 blocks away and cabs are fairly easily accessible. With a little planning, you can avoid some of the more daunting hills.2. There is a spa in the hotel. I decided to check it out even though I've never done so at another hotel before. At check-in I received a notice of a 20% discount at the spa in the package with my room key. That seemed pretty decent of them and I enjoyed the experience thoroughly.3. As a Diamond member, I had a complimentary continental breakfast, which was okay, someone mentioned that other Hilton hotels are better and I agree. For $5 I could upgrade to the 'full' breakfast buffet, which includes scrambled eggs, meat, potatoes and waffles. I only did this once.4. Free Wi-Fi in rooms.Hotel Cons:1. Noise. I agree with many other reviewers on this. I was on the 24th floor and quite high from the street level. There is some sort of contruction occuring below and on several nights it went on well past midnight. Lots of beeping and contruction equipment noise. The thermostat control did not allow me to turn on a fan as another guest mentioned. 2. One of the nights I was tired and didn't feel like going out so I went to the convenience store down the street and bought a bag of popcorn to eat in my room. I went to the front desk and asked if there was anywhere I could use a microwave. I was told to go check with the restaurant. When I went to the restaurant, they seemed confused that the front desk would tell me to go there and then informed me that they could not bring outside food to the kitchen, because it would contaminate it! Really - a bag of popcorn? I went back to the front desk and asked if there was ANYwhere in the hotel, an employee break room, anything where I could pop my popcorn and was told &quot;No&quot;. I don't know if they offer microwaves for a charge in the rooms, but I was not offered this option either, just 'no'. I do not feel that this was an unreasonable request and was extremely frustrated that I could not do such a simple thing as have popcorn. Instead, I had to leave the hotel (I certainly wasn't giving them my business with the outrageously priced room service) and find food.3. Business Center - while there are 3-4 computers available, they all require a credit card for use. I don't know if I will stay here again when I am back at the end of this month. I'm leaving this an average rating and saying I would recommend, but if I did recommend to a friend, I would tell them everything I mention above.	
Aug 4 2009 	Excellent Value Convenient	Was great location to downtown, very clean and hotel staff was so friendly and helpful. Room was a little late in being ready due to an oversold situation, but they graciously 'comped' us meals and hardly noticed the delay in getting the rooms ready. Food in restaurant was excellent with an excellent hot breakfast buffet. The noise was mentioned by some, but hey, it is in the middle of downtown! You will not be in 'Kansas' anymore in this location! But getting higher helps, but really did not keep us awake. Right next to Chinatown and only a few blocks from two different Cable Car lines. Easy and safe to walk to and find public transportation around town. Would highly recommend mainly because of the very helpful staff.	
Jul 29 2009	GREAT HOTEL BUT....................	Let me begin by saying that this is a beautiful hotel. The location is perfect and the majority of the employees were very friendly. PROS: Very comfy beds, great views, clean, free WIFI, great housekeeping.CONS: Glass sliding bathroom door is awkward and does not allow enough privacy. Bad design. Noisy streets below but room comes with earplugs. Room comes with two bottled waters that if you drink, they charge you $5.50 per bottle! Old style television, not Hilton standard.Here was my personal issue: I am a Hilton employee. I booked a room for 6 nights to take my daughter on a special birthday trip. I DID get a Hilton employee discount, but being that this was San Francisco, it was still steep.I contacted someone at the hotel a week prior to arrival asking for an upgrade as a bit of professional courtesy. As a Hilton employee, I am accustomed to receiving these requests and always try to oblige. I was told &quot;I will see what I can do.&quot; No further response from her and I assumed incorrectly that she has made this possible for us. Upon arrival, I informed the front desk agent (Carlos) of my correspondence with this employee and he was quick to say that there was nothing in the records and there was nothing he could do for me. Cold demeanor, no effort to remedy the situation. I then told him that I did not want to be charged the $50 per day incidental charge and to turn off my incidentals in the room as I would not be using them (ie.pay per view movies etc.) He then proceeded to charge me for them on top of the full amount for my week and then informed me that my card had been declined. When I asked why, he claimed that he had no idea (even though he did, as i know what he is looking at on his screen) and yet no apology. He corrected it and the card went thru. The next day I emailed the General Manager and voiced my disappointment. NO response. I guess the hotel that i work for is just a whole lot friendlier as we roll out the red carpet when a Hilton employee books at our hotel. It takes so little effort. I was not looking for a free ride, but simply an upgrade to my expensive stay. My advice: If you are a Hilton employee, DO NOT expect the special treatment at this hotel. They are not interested in building that kind of relationship. The General Manager at my property would most certainly handled this personally.	
Jul 29 2009 	Nickeled and dimed to death	I stayed at the Hilton for a conference. Our first room was nice, clean, comfortable and quiet. It was cleaned everyday. Our conference was a week long and it didn't take long for everyone to realize that the continental breakfast and afternoon refreshments were limited. If you didn't get there early you didn't get anything. Even the coffee and hot water was scarce. Also everything extra was $15.00 a day. Internet access $15.00 a day. Working out in the gym $15.00 a day. The spa was way over priced, massages started at $165.00. The hotel restaurant was way over priced for a bar/grill type facility. It cost $88.00 for lunch for 4. Yikes. I was disappointed considering it was after all the Hilton and the price of the room. Three days into our stay we were contacted by the manager stating the room we were in was in need of emergent repair. We were going to be moved to a two room suite with free internet. The upgrade really was disappointing. The beds were smaller and less comfortable. The bathroom was smaller and older. The view was great. Oh and all the items in the mini bar were $2.00 higher than the mini bar in the old room. A can of soda was $7.00. Come on!!!Check out the restaurants in the city. They are all amazing. My favorite was Santorini's right across the street. They have the best Mediterranean food! Do Alcatraz, Golden Gate Bridge, Trolley, Redwood Forest and the wine country. All awesome! Fisherman's Wharf is good too!	
Jul 28 2009 	Better than expected!	I must admit, when we saw the exterior of the Hilton, we were a little put off by its drab concrete facade, but it's beautiful on the inside! They remodeled the building a few years ago and did a fantastic job! It feels like a brand new hotel. We were in San Francisco for the San Francisco Marathon. The Hilton is only 3/4 a mile away from the Marathon Start line. My husband also used the Hilton's fitness center on the days leading up to the Marathon and said it was really nice. We booked really far in advance and got a room under $100, which was perfect! We couldn't believe we found such a great deal! They did give us a room on the corner with a smaller window, but we didn't care because we got such a great deal. We had a great view of Telegraph Hill and Alcatraz. We could hear street noise, but that's expected for a hotel in the heart of downtown San Francisco. If you want to mask the street noise, just turn on the fan on the thermostat. It works like a charm! We had breakfast at the hotel one morning when we were in a hurry and it's extremely over priced! Venture out into the city for breakfast... Mama's, Cafe Divine, or Sears are a couple recommendations and within walking distance of the hotel. The Hilton is in a prime location, within walking distance of almost everything... China Town, Cable Cars, Embarcadero, restaurants, etc. The room was nicely appointed, the hotel was really clean, the staff was personable. All in all, it's a great hotel !!! We would stay again.	
Jul 26 2009 	Good Solid Hotel	This was a good hotel. Our room was nice, small but it is in the city! All of the staff was super nice and helpful. They kep our luggage all day after we checked out and helped us get to the Bart to go to the airport. The location was great for sightseeing and close to everything. Our room was right next to the ice machines and we didn't hear a thing.	
Jul 24 2009 	Good Hilton experience...	After having tried the Hilton on O'Farrell Street in San Francisco we had trepidations... but the Hilton on Kearny Street repaired the damage... Everything worked like clock work... no hitch checking in the room was nicely appointed and had all the modern amenities (flat panel TV, bank of electrical outlets (for cell phone, laptop), MP3 radio, etc.)... the breakfast card was retrieved and breakfast was served on time... check out was effortless as well... all things you'd expect from a Hilton and we were not disappointed...	
Jul 24 2009 	Good value + good location	We paid £80 a night for three nights at the Hilton Financial District. The hotel is located on the edge of China Town and is centrally located for many of the main sites in SF. It is just a block away from the city landmark - the Transamerica Pyramid. The hotel is within 30 minutes walk from Fisherman's Wharf, while the walk to Union Square is about 20 minutes. As you would expect, being located close to China Town and North Beach, there are many restaurants in the area around the hotel.Our room was disappointingly small but was clean and had all the facilities you'd expect from a Hilton. The bed was particularly comfortable! Views over the city were great - I would however recommend requesting a room overlooking the bay since this view is spectacular.	
Jul 21 2009 	Nice Hilton property	I stayed here with my wife and daughter for 4 nights. I had read all the reviews from previous travelers and went in with an open mind. The rate was decent for a city hotel and if you can get it around $100ish it is a good value. I'm a Hilton Diamond member so I've stayed in quite a few and here's what I thought. We checked in late on the first night so no problems there although I did see some lines during the times I passed through the lobby. Clean, open lobby with bar in the middle. We got upgraded to a bayview room (odd numbered rooms face Coit Tower/Wharf) on the 21st floor. Even with the fog the view in the morning was fantastic. The room itself was nice with a big desk that lined the windows. Great pillow top beds and nicely decorated. TV was old school but why would you come to SF and watch TV? The only odd thing was the sliding door to the bathroom but that seemed to be due to a smaller bathroom and the elimination of a door that swung in. Aside from that it was a smaller room with two double beds but served its purpose.NOISE: I did read about the street noise and yes there certainly is quite a bit especially with the construction site next door. And unfortunately the A/C unit doesn't hum loud enough to mask those noises. We were woken up early Sat morning by some partiers on the street along with horn honking but it didn't last long. One solution - my wife downloaded a &quot;White Noise&quot; application on her iPhone and that solved the noise problem for the remaining nights. We received HHonors breakfast coupons only for continental only but we could &quot;upgrade&quot; to the hot breakfast for only $5 which was not bad. They also gave us appetizer coupons for happy hour but we never used them. They had a good selection for breakfast.Parking - There are a couple options that are cheaper, not much, than the Hilton garage. Across the street is a city lot $27 overnight and on Wash St there is a small lot where I negotiated a rate for overnight $17. The street meters are tough to nab but Sunday is free so grab one if you can.Overall, I thought this was a nice Hilton in a fantastic location near Chinatown, North Beach and the Financial District. If you can get a good rate I recommend this property for its nice rooms, staff and location.	
Jul 20 2009 	Spectacular View but Noisy and No Executive Lounge	This hotel is in a great location for business and sightseeing. The upper-floor rooms on the north side have spectacular views of Telegraph Hill, Alcatraz and the bay. However, the room was quite small and unfortunately noisy both from next-door rooms (you could hear their alarms go off in the morning) and street noise at 1:30 in the morning! In addition, there is no executive lounge for Gold/Diamond members. Instead, you are given tickets for snacks and then charged outrageously high prices for soda or juice. I was told that the hotel is trying to cut costs in the down economy. Also housekkeping was mediocre. Several times we needed to ask for things that should have been provided without asking. Without the view I would not recommend this hotel; with the view it's probably worth it if you can get a good rate (we paid $120-160/night).	
Jul 15 2009 	Lots of Pillows make me happy!	In both of the rooms we had it was clean and the beds were oh so comfortable! The second room was not quite as nice: no drinking glasses or ice bucket, had to track down the maids to get some and they said they had no more clean ones, so they would bring them later on, which they did. However, 30 minutes upon leaving, we discovered that we had left our waterbottles, expensive ones in the room, and upon returning to the room, the bottles were missing, even though the room had not been cleaned yet, and they were never to be seen again or turned in. That was kind of disappointing. I guess not all people are quite so honest.	
Jul 13 2009 	It's a hilton what do you expect?	Hiltons have always been nice hotels. The rates are ok here, kind of expensive for the leisure traveler. I was splitting the room with two other people, so it wasn't as bad. I stayed here two nights. The hotel was huge, and the rooms were very nice. It was hard to find the room however, since there were a lot of floors and the elevator was confusing. It was also hard to find people to take us to the room, but we finally got there. The bathroom was good and clean too. Go ahead and hide the key to the minibar like we did. Everything in it can be purchased at the Walgreens nearby for much cheaper. There is only wired internet in the room, and I didn't know that beforehand so I had to pay extra to use the wireless network. There is a starbucks downstairs near the lobby.I think wireless internet should be included with your bill. I would stay here again if I had the money.	
Jul 10 2009 	Compromised guest information	Very busy hotel.Our stay was pleasant until we got our bill for check-out. It turns out that someone dined in the restaurant &amp; order a lot of drinks using our room number. What was more unsettling was that this person signed our last name on the charge slip!This made us doubt the security of how they keep guest information. The front desk manager could care less &amp; just wanted us to check-out quickly. We kept a close eye on our credit after our stay. We won’t be returning.	
Jul 10 2009 	very loud	Extremly loud. Not worth the hassle even if you get a good deal.	
Jul 7 2009 	Low key clean and decent location	The Hotel met every expectation we had. The check-in staff was very friendly and professional. The room with one king bed was very clean and roomy. We had a room that faced North which gave us a nice view of Coit Tower and a partial view of the bay. The window extends across the entire wall of the room giving you a panoramic view outside. What I didn't like was that the room contains an unmovable wall-to-wall desk in front of the big window which prevents you from standing close to the glass to get a better angle on what's outside. The bed was extremely comfortable... in fact, it was better than any bed I've ever slept in. The one surprising thing that was missing that was a refrigerator or mini-bar. Most higher end hotels I've stayed at have them but not in this case. The lobby area of the hotel is quiet and simple... its not near as big and dramatic as the bigger Hilton near Union Square. Because the lobby area is so Low-key it doesn't feel like a &quot;big city&quot; hotel at all. Even the restaurant on the lobby level is a tad boring. There is no sense of style or pizzaz... in fact, its not even in a separate room... its all out in the open lobby area. I was expecting something a little more upscale. The location of this Hotel is pretty good. Its just a couple of blocks from China Town. Union Square and North Beach are also very walkable distances away. Coit Tower is nice uphill walk away as well. So overall, it you just want a clean, comfortable, place to stay near downtown and you don't care if its a little boring, then this is your place. It was a little noisy as others have said but it didn't seem all that bad. Sunday nights, the garbage trucks make their rounds and that resulted in a lot of metal banging but it only lasted about 20 minutes.	
Jul 6 2009	Great view and location (if you like to walk).	Pros: (1) The staff were very helpful and courteous. (2) The panoramic view of the Coit Tower from the 17th floor was beautiful. (3) The beds were very comfy with down pillows and comforters.Cons: (1) The bathroom had a sliding door, not a door that shuts; and there was no fan. (2) My mother and I ate once for dinner and breakfast at the on-site restaurant. We waited a very long time to be served and to receive our dinner order. The breakfast service was much improved, but the food was overpriced (with tip, $50 for two). Took a prior reviewer's recommendation and ate at the nearby Garden Restaurant, which served just an ordinary breakfast for under $20 for two. (3) No refrigerator.A hotel in any urban city will have noise. We had no problem with the exterior noise. And the only interior noise I heard was our neighbor adjusting the shades.We did not experience the long wait time for elevators like others had.The location was great, but if we wanted to take public transportation, we would have to take a quite a hike. The hop on hop off tour bus, however, does pickup/dropoff right in front of the hotel.	
Jul 5 2009 	Clean professional and efficient	As always a great stay. Bringing professional investors here time and again. Always business perfect. Thank-you.	
Jul 4 2009 	very nice no complaints	I had a weekend package otherwise could not afford it I was within walking distance to chinatown and union square I was able to rent a car excellent service even they respected the privacy sign they called me later to check if I need anything slightly noisy outside I used the buffet with coupon from AAA I was treated like a star Impressive lobby	
Jun 28 2009 	Well done hotel - but for the neighborhood	Hotel was very well done. A marked improvement over the sister hotel (San Francisco Hilton). Beautiful lobby, with large salt water aquariums for decoration. Staff goes out of their way to refer to you by name. Concierge staff is well above average. Rooms are spacious (for SF) and have beautiful views of the harbor. Neighborhood leaves a bit to be desired. This hotel is really on the periphery of the Financial District, and there is a number of run-down, lower class restaurants and shops. Encountered a rather lower-class prostitute riding up and down the elevator at night begging me to use my key card to unlock her &quot;friend's&quot; floor.Only other down side is that the hotel's three elevators are insufficient for hotel this size/height. Overall, beautifully done. If only it were a few blocks southwest. FREE WI-FI!!!	
Jun 27 2009 	Nice but loud	Room was fine, standard Hilton fare -- excluding the TV which hasn't been upgraded to an LCD yet. The only real issue I had was the noice level. Even with my windows shut up on the 19th floor, I could hear everything on the streets. If they can make the Doubletree in Times Square soundproof, you think they could make a little effort and upgrade the windows in here. That said, I still haven't found a quiet hotel in SF.	
Jun 13 2009 	Pretty nice hotel but noisy at times.	I just completed a 3 night stay during my inaugural trip to SF. The hotel is very nice and spotless, and appears to be pretty new or renovated. I had a standard double room on the 21st floor, and found it to be more than adequate. The only thing that the room lacked was a small fridge and microwave, but otherwise it was fine. Free WiFi is a huge plus! Beds are very comfy, and the bathroom is fine. The bathroom door slides on the outside, and doesn't lock, if you seek ultra-privacy. Nice crisp linens and towels.I used the fitness center each day, and it's pretty good for a hotel. Has enough cardio machines, as well as some free weights and LifeFitness machines.My biggest issue with this hotel is noise. There's a big construction project next door, and the noise went on past midnight 2 of 3 nights. Hearing earth moving equipment at 1am is ridiculous. It's insane that a city like SF allows construction to take place so late into the night. As well, a firehouse is nearby, so expect lots of sirens. Also, the walls of the hotel are very thin, so I could hear the people next door speaking, as well as the person above using the bathroom.One more thing....not sure why they call this the financial district Hilton when you are in Chinatown. In fact, the Chinese Culture Center is located IN the hotel!Overall, a very nice hotel, but I just wish it was quieter.	
Jun 7 2009 	bathroom doors don't lock and no fan 	The title explains it all. We booked the hotel and paid a little more for club level but they got rid of club level perks because of the economy. Also there is a pool but it is closed because of upgrades that will not occur because of financing. Club Level - Hilton never informed us that they no longer honor club level even if you reserved it online when they were still offering club level and they did not reimburse us for the additional costs and inconvenience. We were not a fan because we purposely booked club level (for additional privancy) but it ended up taking up more of our time as we made additional stops on the elevator goin up and down. Complimentary Breakfast was continental only or you could pay $5 for upgraded (eggs/bacon/sausage buffet,etc.) no omlettes. 7 of us stayed there and we have all stayed at Hiltons and were very disappointed. We were disappointed that we did not receive complimentary drinks as per Club Level descriptions and we were even Diamond members.Wine Bar - online indicated a &quot;club&quot; but it's just an area (like a bar) on the lobby level right as you walked in and was closed most of time. It served coffee but didn't open early in the am. Decor - modern and staff was friendly and professional.Location is great - close to chinatown and north beach (little italy).Free wifi was nice and they apparently have a fitness center for free - we did not check that out. It was nice to know exactly where our hotel was when we were sight seeing because it was next to the TransAmerica tower.We had a fabulous time, despite the negative aspects of the accomodations, because of the company we were traveling with.	
Jun 6 2009 	Interesting part of town...	King Bayview room on 16th floor for two nights. Great view over the city and the bay. Excellent location in Chinatown close to restaurants, clubs and late night food. Staff friendly and helpful. We got a complimentary champagne and fruit basket for our anniversary. Annoyed at $70 phone charge for an OS call that lasted maybe 10 seconds.	
Jun 5 2009 	Amazing hotel in the heart of SF	Stayed here as part of a busy trip to the west coast and loved it. The location was fantastic, plenty of parking and the rooms we're brilliant. We paid extra for a room with a view and it was well worth it. The room featured a huge desk that stretched across an enormous glass window, watching the city light up was amazing.We only had 2 days in SF so we didn't spend much time checking out the hotels features but the staff were friendly and the whole building was spotless. Nice water features, bar and lighting really helped make this place stand out. I've stayed at several Hilton hotels on the east coast and this place really put them to shame. I will be staying here again as soon as possible!	
Jun 2 2009 	Should have read Trip Advisor: Bring your earplugs!	Not sure why I didn't check Trip Advisor reviews but will not make that mistake again when booking a hotel.This is actually a nice hotel, well located with easy access to venues like ATT Park (part of reason for the trip). The room was average/small, clean with comfortable bed linens, thick/large bath towels and room amenities like a safe that holds a laptop and coffee/tea maker in room. USA Today delivered every morning, WSJ available in the lobby along with the Financial Times: These rooms are set up for business travelers with a large workspace and free wifi. Housekeeping responded well to easy requests for extra towels/coffee. Excellent blackout shade.........if only there was some quiet! The downside: the other reviews which mention the street noise don't emphasize this enough: it is amazing! My room was &quot;city view&quot; on the 23rd floor and I agree with another reviewer: You can here normal conversation (like the bellmen) from street level! Never mind the construction currently going on across the street.......at midnight on Thursday! The large earth moving machines were thankfully silent on the weekend, which allowed the car alarm going off all night to reign supreme! Except for the angry Hilton guests who yelled out the window against the car alarm! Bayview rooms are $50 more per night, but that would have been cheap for some sleep (I don't think that side fronts a street). I have stayed in many city hotels and know that there is some level of noise: the old single pane windows in this hotel do NOTHING to mute that.This fully explains why the online price looked like a screaming value at $127 per for a Hilton property in the heart of San Fran; would still be if you bring your earplugs! Unlike another reviewer I did not find them in the room.	
Jun 1 2009 	Smallest room ever and what's up with the car alarm	I booked this room through Priceline (first mistake). May guaranteed &quot;4 star&quot; room, had only one full size bed. The room was so small that I could not walk by the bed without hitting the non functioning standing lamp. Our fabulous view of roof tops can be over looked, but not the car alarm that went off all night or the elevators that we were so fortunate to be placed next to. And the maid walked in on me twice while I was getting dressed. Obviously I was taking too long. The bed sagged in the middle and was far too soft. I just can't think of anything good to say. Definately not the wooden, semi rude reception. I've stayed in toursit class hotels in Europe that were larger and had a more friendly welcoming staff. All I can is &quot;never again&quot; to the Hilton SF and Priceline.	
May 27 2009 	A Unique Hilton Property - Great for Chinatown	We've visited the Hilton San Francisco Financial District several times, beginning when it was a Holiday Inn property. Since then, the modern tower that stands off the corner of Chinatown near the Transamerica Pyramid has had a complete facelift. Despite its 25-story size and concrete construction, this hotel is surprisingly intimate in comparison to some of the larger Hiltons in San Francisco. The very best rooms are on the top floor and feature balconies, but many lower floor rooms also offer nice cityscape views and we appreciate the ability to open the windows for a little fresh air. The decor is modern and the while the level of finish is good, this hotel does not pretend to imitate a more elegant, traditional property. Instead, it is a more trendy feel. Housekeeping is excellent and the recent restoration is evident throughout, so it is much like staying in a &quot;new&quot; hotel. Extra credit: we noted that high speed internet was complimentary, which is not typical with Hilton properties.From this location, it is an easy walk into Chinatown and North Beach, which makes it an excellent choice. We also like the restaurant scene. Be aware that Sundays and holidays in the Financial District tend to leave many coffee shops, restaurants and stores closed so head through Chinatown and on toward the Wharf to find places that are open if that is your situation. Unique to this hotel is that it houses the Chinese Cultural Center and also features a skybridge to the plaza, where you will find spirited games of Chinese checkers being played on the weekends by the men, while women enjoy card games.	
May 26 2009 	Good value for a nice hotel good location	With a prepaid rate, we paid under $100 a night for a nice hotel in San Francisco - great value. There's no way any other reliable chain could match that rate. Possibly you can do as well if you roll the dice with a boutique hotel.The location is especially great if you want access to all the good stuff but don't want to be in the middle of it. Walk only a block or two and you're in North Beach or China Town. We walked to the Wharf in about 20 minutes. Not particularly close to a BART station, which was a drawback, but there was a bus stop right outside.The room was clean, up to date, and had nice linens and toiletries. That made the difference between just staying in a hotel and feeling that the room added to our vacation experience.Front desk was very helpful, guiding us to good restaurants our first night in and holding our bags when we checked out. Free wi-fi was nice!Would have liked longer restaurant hours. The restaurant stopped serving food at 10, and the area stays up much later than that. There's also a wine tasting bar, and a small spa.You'll have to pay for parking, and many other nickel/dime items such as breakfast, and bottled water on the nightstand. I think that's to be expected at a city hotel, though.We had some problems with our keys - they were a little finicky, but not so much that we did anything about them.	
May 24 2009 	Nice Hotel	This hotel was nice and the staff was extremely helpful. The concierge helped us to book the Urban Safari and Alcatraz. The registration staff was very accomodating and helpful. The hotel is located next to China Town.	
May 22 2009 	Very very very loud	This hotel *would* be great: Nice location, good rooms, helpful staff. However, no matter how nice they make the hotel itself, that can *never* offset the shear noise of the rooms. From rooms on the 12th floor, you can clearly make out conversations that people are having in the street below at normal voice levels. The garbage trucks and sirens during the night are so loud that they feel like they're in the room with you. It's so bad that they leave ear plugs on the bedside tables.	
May 16 2009 	Great location clean room pricey	This Hilton lives up to all would expect from a big city Hilton property. Housekeeping service was reliable and friendly. The room was very clean and had a great city view despite the fact I paid for nothing extra. The best thing about the place is the location...right beside Chinatown. Our fun was to find cheap but delicious food and we did just that. For American breakfast, skip the hotel buffet at $22 and have ham and eggs at &quot;The Tea Garden&quot; right next door for $5.50. ANother great, cheap restaurant on Waverly Place was the &quot;Potsticker&quot;...try the five spiced pork pancakes for $6. Cities are noisy and the sounds of the streets such as sirens and children at the playground traveled all the way up to our 22nd floor room. If you live in the country or burbs you will call this place noisy but for most city dwellers nothing will srike you as unusual or difficult. Transportation is easily accesible by bus or California line cable car. Buy a Muni pass, it is $24 for a week. Otherwise, a cable car is $5 each time you hop on and buses and streetcars are $1.50. My least expensive reservation option was to pre-pay for the room through Hilton, of course this is not cancellable so you are stuck if plans change. Travelocity and other websites could offer nothing cheaper at that Hotel even though I booked air thru them. Beware of all big city hotel listings, expect small rooms and unless you pick a top notch property expect some dirt and less than friendly service. You do get what you pay for.	
May 13 2009 	Exceptionally friendly staff INCREDIBLE views from rooms facing north	I stayed on the 21st floor in a room facing north and the view of Coit Tower and the bay were absolutely spectacular. I had room service for dinner one night, because I enjoyed the view so much. Also, the room service was prompt and the food was very good. Also, the hotel staff are genuinely friendly, a smile goes a long way. The bed was very comfortable too, and it was cool that wifi is complimentary.	
May 12 2009 	Not up to expectations	After staying at the Hilton Gardens in Monterey, we were sorely disappointed in this Hilton. The rooms were very small, the view of China Town through dirty windows was not pleasing, and the noise from the 17th floor was very loud. You walk into a grand front entrance expecting more. However, the staff was very nice - except the Tulleys bartender - and the internet was free. The restaraunt was too pricey. I do recommend the House of Nam King down the street for some incredible Chinese food. None of the restaraunts in China Town are impressive to look at, but the food at Nam King is incredible and reasonably priced.	
May 3 2009 	Lots of Street Noise	We stayed at the SF Financial District Hilton for 3 split nights bookending a trip to the wine country. It does have a good location near Chinatown and North Beach. Rooms are adequate, but nothing special. While we read the complaints of street noise, I could not imagine noise up on the 19th floor, but true to the reports it was incredibly noisy. I can only guess that the surrounding buildings funnel the noise to the hotel rooms. The hotel was full from business travelers and service was mediocre in general. As Hilton Diamond members we were given coupons for appetizers at the lounge. When we paid our bill we presented the coupons and were told rather rudely that we should have presented the coupons BEFORE ordering as the &quot;free&quot; appetizers were smaller portions. Since we only had a small plate of Nachos I cannot see the extra cost being significant. All in all, the location and reasonable price of the hotel would outweigh the noise level for us as my wife always travels with earplugs to manage my snoring. Be sure to request a bay view room as they are much more desirable than the city view.	
May 3 2009 	Great location more china town/north beach than financial district	We stayed here as I usually stay at Hilton's and they had a great deal. We loved the location, walk to china town, - it is accross the street. North beach is down the street. Walk back from the pier. It is a quick cab from Nob Hill and Union SQ. The Spa at the Hotel is great! A very good find. the rooms are basic business class hilton, the service is OK, but not great and not up to usual Hilton standards. The breakfast was OK, better deals (and food) outside the hotel. But the location made up for most things. I would stay here again. Being able to walk to china town, north beach and the pier, made up for a lot. It was very central. We could walk to Union Sq, but not back with shopping..... the cab fare was not much, as we saved much as this was such as savings over the other locations. The staff was nice. I would not walk around too late at night at this location. Too close to china town and north beach, but we felt safe as we walked around.	
Apr 29 2009 	Good location	We stayed in San Francisco for two nights during our trip to California. Previous night we spent in a luxuru cottage in Napa Valley so this was a bit of a step down, but all in all a very good value for money and would definately recommend the hotel to any of my friends. The reception area is quite large with a restaurant, wine/coffee bar and a day spa. We didnt use the services that much so cant really say anything about them.The hotel itself is nicely situated in the corner of china town, Little Italy and financial district. We walked to the pier where you can take the ferry to Alcatraz and it took us maybe 15 minutes to get there. There are many restaurants close to the hotel (especially Italian &amp; Chinese) and we found two amaizing Italian restaurants were we ate during our stay.Fitness room in the hotel is ok, but was bit of a disappointment after staying in Hilton Universal. There are treadmills, crosstrainers and indoor bicycles but the room itself was a bit shabby and missed some nice features that were available in Universal City.Amenities are a bit expensive, for parking we paid $54 per night. We found out the second day that there is a parking garage right around the corner that would have charged $24 for 24h.. Internet service in the business center was extremely expensive, since we hadnt brought our own laptops with us. They charged us $0.5 per minute which is a rate I payed on a remote island in Brazil few years ago -&gt; being a complimentary service in many hotels, I found the rate too high for todays standars.The Room was quite spacious and clean, no problem there. Out view was towards the china town and should have asked for an upgrade. The views to the bay are just amaizing if you're staying in the upper floors.But all in all, we got very good value for our money and would go back anytime!	
Apr 26 2009 	Worst Front Office Staff	i had booked online via hilton.com site and paid instantly for an executive floor room with breakfast and lounge access. After I checked in i found a narrow room and evening when i asked for the lounge they said that the services are terminated and now they give a free bite in the coffee shop but unfortunately the system was showing that I’m not eligible for this. then the next day morning i went to the coffee shop for breakfast and again the same comment, i am not eligible for complimentary b/f, surprised with the attitude of the staff at the front office, when i argued and shown them my online confirmation paper mentioned the complimentary b/f and lounge access, with great difficulty the lady at the counter gave me couple of coupons for both b/f and lounge. After the first day’s b/f and lounge, i never tried my luck to these places for food (it was so mouth watering food and service that you won’t enter their second time!!). the house keeping cleans the room but never replace the soaps even after its over, surprised with the service, may be the Americans are cost cutting… due to the present scenario. THE WOST BELL BOYS I HAVE EVER SEEN, THEY WONT HELP YOU TO CARRY YOUR LUGGAGE UNLESS THERE IS A FEMALE WITH U.AJESH73@GMAIL.COMSTAYED: MARCH 14-17MARCH:19-21 2009	
Apr 24 2009 	Best of San Francisco a stone throne's away	On the corner of both Chinatown and Little Italy our room on the top floor gave magnificent views of the Bay and Telegraph Hill. Lots of great restaurants in a 10 min radius by foot, the food in the hotel is VERY average, they get nearly every dish wrong, and forget many of the key ingredients that are listed on the menu. The breakfast buffet fruitis never replenished so be quick! The gym is pretty good. Wireless internet is really erratic so you cannot rely on it for business, although this is meant to be a business hotel...The staff are below 5 star hotel standard, except the concierge and coffee bar staff are excellent. The coffee was a fantastic daily experience but on weekends we treated ourselves to Cafe Trieste, really close by, and it is easy walking distance to the Pier etc. It's a 15 min walk to the centre of town.	
Apr 23 2009 	Great Stay	I stayed at the Hilton Financial district April 15 for 2 nights. We arrived late, but check in was quick and smooth. We got 2 double bed rooms for a good deal on Priceline.com. My sister's family got a room with a breathtaking view of the bay, coit tower etc. They were on the 22nd floor. I had a room on the 21st floor and my room was on the other side of the hotel. It was nice, but not as great as the other room. I hear that the odd numbered rooms have the great view. The location is great if you want to be near North Beach &amp; Chinatown. We walked to North Beach with 3 kids in tow no problem. The noise was ok. It was typical noise you hear if you've stay in the city. I did not hear garbage trucks as others did just cars. We did bring ear plugs just in case, but we did not use them. Parking...I suggest you park across the street at Portsmouth Parking garage if you do not need in and out privileges. Exercise room was on the 5th floor. It was small, but the machines were fine and it was very clean. Free internet in your room. I am not sure what the previous poster was talking about regarding the charge. Staff was nice and friendly.	
Apr 21 2009 	I'll never stay here again.	Had nothing but bad service, attitudes, and high prices for amenities. How's $52 for self park per night sound to you? Or how about $15.95 per day for internet access? Or maybe you like $35 for breakfast? If so, this is the place for you. Not me.	
Apr 19 2009 	Nice hotel amazing views	Stayed 3 nights at the Hilton San Francisco Financial District with my wife and kids. It was a good choice, especially for the killer views if you get a room facing the bay. The design of the hotel is nice, nothing extravagant but better than most Hiltons in my opinion as the hotel has been remodeled recently. We were lucky to get an upgrade to a bay-view room and that made a difference. The view encompasses Chinatown, Russian Hill, Telegraph Hill and North Beach. You can see the ships passing by in the bay. The room itself was just fine, clean and decent size and free wi-fi Internet access. The only drawback was the noice from the street which was a little too heavy at times, even with a room on the 19th floor. We found the location of the hotel convenient, at the junction of the Financial District, Chinatown and North Beach. For the price, this hotel was a very good choice in my opinion.	
Apr 18 2009 	Amazing views and location. Highly recommended.	We've stayed at Hiltons before and they've been ok, but not great, however this one was fantastic. The jaw-droppingly beautiful view from our 18th floor bedroom might have something to do with that. If you stay here be sure to get a bay view room. The rooms were quite small, but very comfortable, very clean and well decorated. Strangely enough there was quite a lot of street noise even though we were on the 18th floor, probably due to the old windows and hotel construction. Very little noise between rooms though. Check in staff weren't friendly, but they were efficient. We got a special offer and only paid £70 a night with Expedia for our four night stay. This was excellent value for what we got. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Apr 7 2009 	Great location - bring earplugs	Most of these other reviews are accurate. The hotel is in a great location, but I would say solidly in Chinatown. Central location and close to a lot of other things. The rooms are updated, clean and nice. The desk facing the window was great. The walls are thin. I brought earplugs but if I hadn't it would have been tough. The room's remote didn't work and someone came to replace it within ten minutes on a night that two weddings were going on and it was booked solid. I would stay here again.	
Apr 5 2009 	Needs updating.	Main complaints were the constant sound of running water coming from somewhere above or beside us, the terribly stained window shades, and the slow to drain bathroom sink. The fact that even the little coffee stand in the lobby does not open until 6:30 AM was not good for my husband who had a early morning meeting on Market Street. Don't park at the hotel garage, unless you want to pay a bundle. Instead use the Portsmouth Square garage across the street from the hotel. The hotel's free wireless internet was a plus.	
Mar 30 2009 	Shame on Hilton Marketing for including Financial District in the name...	Attended a conference at the Moscone Center last week and wanted to stay close by. Since all the Moscone area hotels were sold out I next went with the Financial District. I used hotwire to book the hotel since I love their service. However, it turns out the Hilton Financial District is actually in Chinatown way up Kearny street a good 1.2 miles away. There's nothing wrong with Chinatown but I thought I would be staying in the Financial district. Fortunately, the room was clean and new since Hilton refurbished this former Holiday Inn. The service was very good as well. Eric the Concierge is knowledgeable and helpful. The car rental they use is poor though. They use Dollar and I received the worst rental car I've ever rented for a day trip out of town. P.S. It's loud at night from traffic on Kearny as well. Room service closes early at 9:30pm. And the Internet service was spotty.	
Mar 28 2009 	Really comfortable hotel in convenient location	Got a really great rate on the San Francisco Hilton Financial District, so booked several nights there. Hotel is situated right next to Chinatown and the Financial District in busy downtown San Francisco. The Italian North Beach section is just a couple blocks away too. The MUNI bus outside will take you right down to Fisherman's Wharf. So, I'm a bit perplexed when others state that this is not perfectly located. (I used to live in San Francisco, so I knew that the location here was extremely convenient). Ok, so Union Square is several blocks away, as is Market Street, but it's easily walkable for anyone in reasonable shape. The rooms were quite comfortable, and maybe a tad smaller than expected, but we booked 2 Doubles. The Serenity Bedding was awesome and fresh! The staff was accomodating when we had questions. DINING ADVICE: SKIP the hotel breakfast, unless it's included in your stay, and go RIGHT NEXT DOOR to &quot;The Garden Restaurant&quot;, and have a great American breakfast for about 1/3 of what you'd pay in the hotel. We ate there every morning, and the food is cooked fresh to order. Otherwise, the hotel was great, and would definately stay there again, when in San Francisco.	
Mar 25 2009 	Great hotel just on the edge of Chinatown	We stayed for 2 nights on the way home from Hawaii. What a lovely find. Booked through priceline and upon check in was upgraded to a bay view room. The room was large with the most comfortable bed I think I have ever slept in. We had a lovely view overlooking the bay and Coit tower. Although listed as the financial district you are right on China town We were recommended by the cab driver and the hotel concierge to try the R and G lounge restaurant, which was just across the road and 2 min walk to the left and we had a superb meal at a very reasonable cost. When we left I noticed they were Michelin rated 2009. So would recommend that if you are staying at this hotel. Would I stay here again? Yes I would.	
Mar 24 2009 	Nice Accomodations but noisey	Stayed there last night. I checked in very late and got upgraded to a suite. Maybe that's all they had left. Room was impeccable, view magnificent, and very modern with two flat screens. Living area was smallish but perfect for relaxing in front of the TV with a coffee table to put your drink down. The bed was comfortable in the standard Hilton fluffy bed coverings. Bathroom had a huge shower with rainwater head and place to sit. Downside was the bells and sounds coming from the elevators. Better take ear plubs. Not sure that these rooms should even exist for sleeping purposes. There was a beautiful translucent sliding door between the living room (closest to the elevator shaft) but that wasn't enough to curb the noise. Room had a balcony for geting fresh air. This room would have faired better if not near the elevators. Also, the heater in the bedroom area did not work. Boy was it cold in the room. I should have turned on the living room heater but then I would have to listen to an additional level of elevator noises.Great place to stay but do not take a room within three bedrooms from the elevator lobby.	
Mar 24 2009 	Centrally located clean and safe.	Located in the financial district, near Chinatown, this hotel is within reasonable walking distance to the Embarcadero, Ferry Building, Chinatown, and North Beach - which is SF's &quot;Little Italy&quot;. Also, you can easily get over to Union Square, and Fisherman's Wharf either by foot or by public transportation. There are many great restaurants in the area, finding the hotel wasn't terribly difficult, and the staff was extremely polite and professional at all times. Albert, one of the evening bellmen, was especially kind and helpful, giving us very good directions to a fabulous sushi restaurant on our first night in town.The room was clean and comfortable, and not terribly noisy for a central city setting. We awoke Monday morning to the sound of children laughing outside, (at a reasonable hour of course), where a few stories below our window either a school or daycare has a rooftop playground and the kids were all lined up for a game! Also outside of our window, were views of some of the beautiful skyscrapers; one having three immense statues at its top, on each of the four sides, looking like our very own guardian angels!The only downside was that our Land Rover with its roof wrack exceeded the maximum height clearance for the parking garage, so we had to pay a little extra to have it kept in the valet/reception area of the hotel entrance, although it was quite safe and virtually guarded at all times by the valet .	
Mar 21 2009 	What a view!	Excellent location!! I was on the 26th floor with a view to die for...the Bay, Coit Tower, Alcatraz...and everything within walking distance. After working all day, I wanted to get out and stretch my legs. I went from Chinatown (at your doorstep) to Downtown, the Embarcadero, Pier 39, Fisherman's Wharf, North Beach and Little Italy....wonderful walk! The hotel staff are all very friendly, rooms are actually good sized for the Bay area, free snacks in the bar at night and a great continental breakfast for Hilton Honors members....definately recommend this hotel (but leave your car at home if possible...parking is around $50 a night)!!	
Mar 21 2009 	Great Location!	My fiance and I wanted to spend a week in San Francisco and not pay big bucks, so we were happy when we found a deal on Expedia for this hotel (paid about $100 usd per night taxes included). We chose to upgrade to the executive level suite with a king bed which was worth the extra money. We were on the 26th floor and had a city view. Its an old hotel thats been renovated, so the windows are only single paned which did make it a bit noisy, but it wasnt a big deal.Our room was nice, modern, clean and large. We had a coffee maker but no fridge so we bought a disposable cooler to store milk &amp; juice for breakfasts in our room.The business center has pay per use computers &amp; printers, but we found a computer with full internet access in the 'concierge lounge' on the 26th floor. Our room key worked to open the door and we used the computer in there the whole week. There is no printer, but it was better than paying big money per minute using the computers in the business center.We took advantage of the Manicure/Pedicure special at the Tru spa in the hotel ($45 for a mani &amp; pedi). And we really enjoyed it.We ate at the Seven Fifty lounge in the hotel one morning for breakfast and found it to be a huge waste of money. There are lots of great restaurants just minutes away from the hotel that are much more reasonably priced.The location of the hotel was great - it was definately in Chinatown but was only 2 blocks from the Financial District. It was a 7 minute walk to Union Square, 5 minutes to the Italian district and close to all major transit lines (the BART was a 10 minute walk, Cable car was 3 minutes away, and the Muni stop was 100 yards from the front door of the hotel).We bought a City Pass ($59 and we picked it up at the SF MOMA) this was the best thing we did! It gave us 7 days of unlimited Cable Car &amp; Muni rides (cable cars alone are $5 per ride) it also gave us free passes to the California Academy of Sciences, a boat tour in the bay and much more (check out: [-].We didnt take a cab once while we were there, the transit system is great and easy to use if you have a map of the routes.All in all this was a good experience for the price point and we would recommend this hotel.	
Mar 20 2009 	Great hotel price and location	My daughter and I stayed in an executive level room on the 21st floor for 3 nights. Very comfortable beds, nice linens and towels. THe rooms are small, however, perfectly fine for us or a couple. There is complimentary WiFi in the room. I had read that there is a lot of noise from the street and if you do leave your window open, there certainly is noise. We were there for St Patrick's Day so definitely had to keep the window shut. Never heard anyone beside, or above us, and I know there were people in the adjoining rooms. I never used the fitness center so can't comment on that. The service was good. My only complaint was that the concierge told us that the shuttle would get to the airport faster than taking BART. Well...it took about 1 hour to get there, when he said it would be 30 minutes. I should have used my own instincts. Overall, I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Mar 19 2009 	Nice Hotel in central location	The Hilton San Francisco Financial Dristrict was perfect for my boyfriend and I. Although its probably better described to a taxi driver as the one near china town, as we told them the one in the financial district (we didn't have the exact address as i mis-placed it) and the driver took us to the wrong one telling us there was no other in the financial district. It is within walking distance to Union Square (shopping) 15mins and about 20mins to Fishermans wharf and ferries to Alcatraz. The walk to fishermans wharf is good for anyone who wants to have a look around china town or to have something to eat in little italy, right across the road from china town.The standard rooms are reasonable size with also reasonable sized bathrooms. Very comfortable. We were also really happy with the service. the staff were nice and informative. the overall look of the hotel was modern but still comfortable. Good views aswell.	
Mar 18 2009 	Great location great price great view.	My friend and I stayed on a Friday night, I believe 14th floor (?). We had a great view facing Coit tower and Alcatraz. The room was pretty clean, and looked newly remodeled. We enjoyed the appetizers and cocktails at the bar downstairs. This hotel is walking distance (across the street) to Chinatown. Rate was GREAT...less than $100 for 2 queen beds...and did I mention the great view??? Only qualms: I tried to call the front desk, and neither phone in the room worked for some reason. Also, apparently the walls are pretty thin, because when we came back around 1am from dinner and cocktails, security came to the door and asked us to &quot;keep it down&quot;. Oops.	
Mar 16 2009 	okay room great service great location we'll be back!	The best thing about this hotel is the location. You're right in Chinatown. The room is okay, comfortable, clean and modern. I really like the desk against the window. We hada room facing Coit Tower, and view was great. However, what the other reviewers said about the noise is true. We were up on the 9th floor, and we heard garbage truck and traffic noises all night.Back to the location, everything we wanted to see was within walking distance. We walked to North Beach, Fisherman's Wharf, Pier 39 and Union Square. The cable cars are only three blocks away. This town is crazy with its politics, but San Francisco is still the most beautiful city in the United States. Clean air, beautiful weather, friendly people and wonderful restaurants make our stay enjoyable.Here are some tips when staying at the Hilton:Don't valet park at the hotel. It costs $54 per day. There is a public parking lot right across the street for only $24 a day, no in and outs.Don't order wine from the hotel bars or room service. The first night we had a glass of wine at the hotel bar, Flyte. A glass of wine was $12 and up. The next day we found a gift store half a block away that specializes in California wines and chocolate. $10 to $15 per bottle. We opened a bottle of Napa Chardonnay in our room and enjoyed the beautiful sunset. It was very ROMANTIC.Don't know where to eat, ask the staff. They were very helful. The doorman knows the city quite well.	
Mar 15 2009 	Great Hotel/ Good Location	We had a room on the top floor with a balcony that looked toward the wharf...really liked the balcony. The rooms were very nice and the service was good. The location was next to Chinatown and it was a good hike to the wharf but possible.	
Mar 4 2009 	Another great stay at a great hotel	I have stayed at this particular Hilton 6 or 7 times over the last 3 years. I used to be a loyal Stanford Court customer, but over the years, the experience at the Hilton is consistently better. I stayed at Stanford Court 2 or 3 times a year for 8 -10 years and they never acknowledged me as a somewhat &quot;regular&quot; customer. Each time I go to this Hilton, they say &quot;welcome back&quot;. I have always received a beautiful room, on a high floor, overlooking Coit Tower and the Bay. The rooms are extremely well appointed with a large work area and a nice bath. I have always had good service from housekeeping (I tip every day!- which I think is only fair). You gotta love free wireless internet - most places charge 10-12$ / night. On this visit, I had the misfortune to have a cancelled flight (snow in the northeast) and I had to stay 2 extra days. I received a very fair &quot;on the spot&quot; rate. This is my new favorite for a couple of years!	
Feb 26 2009 	Great Location	The sink drained very slowly, 45 min to and hour, called front desk. Sent man with a half bottle of Liquid Plumber. He poured it in and said, &quot;Wait 15 minutes or so and then you can use it.&quot; He said we used to use Draino but that it was too expensive. Yep, he said that. Then when flushing toilet, it backed up to the brim. Called desk and different man brought plunger and said when you flush you have to stand and hold the handle down. I told him about the sink that still didn't drain. He smiled and said this hotel is 40 years old. I'm not a complainer and don't want a fight when on vacation. I'll just never stay here again.	
Feb 26 2009 	Nicest folks in the city!	We we lucky and were assigned the Hilton Hotel in the Financial District through PriceLine. The front desk clerk, Stephen excelled in friendliness and gave each member of our party a cordial welcome and assigned us beautiful rooms with fabulous views of Nob Hill - all on the same floor. The women from 3 generations of our family came to the city to honor our Mother's birthday and one would have thought it was an event at the hotel! Lovely suggestions for meals during our weekend, detailed directions to city attractions, handwritten maps, the manager on duty one morning even gave me his cell phone in case I got lost and needed help finding my way back to the hotel. My mother was in the travel business for 50 years, most of our family are experienced travellers and we are IMPRESSED. The hotel itself is clean, modern, comfortable and well maintained. I believe it has been recently upgraded and remodeled. The real attraction at this place is its people. We will definitely go back.	
Feb 15 2009 	Loved It	I loved this hotel! The location is amazing, only a block from Chinatown. From this location, you can walk to hundreds of shops, restaurants, and nice bars. The only drawback is that the hotel is seven blocks or so from the Montgomery BART stop, but on the plus side the #1 bus runs right by the hotel. The internet works well, the lobby is very nice, and the rooms were excellent.	
Feb 8 2009	Happy Chinese New Year!	I picked this hotel for a weekend excursion to attend the Chinese Street Festival and view the Chinese New Year's Parade. It was the perfect spot, with a walkway right over Kearny Street at the tail end of the parade route. Hotel was extremely busy, obviously due to the parade and festival events. Thus, I think my perspective was tained due to the crowd of people. I am an Honors member and am used to at least decent service, but this particular weekend stay was memorable because everything was less than I expected.Pros: The fantastic view out the picture windows. The cabling and electric outlets for laptops were against the long working desk that ran along the window, and the view by day and by night was awesome. Location was really more Chinatown than was the Financial District, so the location was unbeatable for my purpose.Cons: Room service was very fast, but the quality of food was very poor. I checked in late and hungry, and unfortunately used room service instead of walking across the street to the many great restaurants in Chinatown. The bathroom was dirty, and there were no hand towels or wash cloths. There were several garbage containers in the room, and one had not been emptied from the previous occupant. The toilet has some sort of water saver on it, which makes a very loud and startling noise, and the handle was nearly broken off. The La Source amenities from Crabtree and Evelyn were not replace daily, and I was very disappointed with housekeeping for generally everything. The $5.50 bottles of water and $18.00 TruShea body wash (from the spa downstairs) were not worth my money. Parking is very expensive, but I took advice from a previous Trip Advisor member and parked across the street under Chinatown for half the price.	
Jan 25 2009 	Should have called it Chinatown	We stayed here for 5 nights. The hotel was beautiful and the location turned out to be okay. However the hotel is called the financial district, but should be call china town, because that is where it clearly was located. Our room had a great view of Coit Tower and the wifi was free.	
Jan 14 2009	amazing view good location	Got a great deal on priceline, otherwise it would be to pricy for the value...It is a good hotel, no question - but the staff was not very helpful and friendly. The room was tiny, and the bathroom even more tiny. Outdoor roof-pool was a nice suprise, unfortenutaly without any view at the city. Overall a standard Hilton experience, but again I staid already in better hotels of this price range in SF.	
Jan 13 2009 	Paper Thin Walls	Unfortunately I didn't know which hotel I was going to get off of Priceline but we did only pay about $90 (plus taxes and parking) so I can't really complain. I do want to warn you that all the reviews here about paper thin walls is correct. We were given a room on the 11th floor and I laid there in disbelief that I was actually hearing people talking down at the street &amp; couldn't wait for the late hour our neighbors were going to return from thier night on the town. I am not a country bumpkin. I grew up in the greater Los Angeles area amoung other places. So I am not a light sleeper at all. Be prepared if you stay there, maybe bring ear plugs? Other than that, the rooms were clean, the beds comfortable and the staff was great and very helpful. Unfortunately there is nothing they can do about paper thin walls.	
Jan 12 2009 	Very nice experience	Booked this hotel on Priceline and hence did not have a choice of getting a room of our choice but I certainly was very happy with the result.We stayed here when this was a Holiday Inn and the remodeling of the rooms really showed. The room was of good size and comfortable with a sofa and comfortable easy chair with an otterman. The desk area stretched from wall to wall under the windows which had modern rolling shades. The bed was very comfortable with adequate pillows.Our room was on one of the lower floors (5th) but we still had a nice view of North Beach and Coit Tower. I can only imagine what our view would be on a higher floor.Oh sure there is city noise. After all this is San Francisco. We didn't experience noise from other rooms as some other reviews complained about. There was occasional footsteps from the room above but not what I would consider excessive or bothersome. We live in the middle of several acres of land in the middle of the El Dorado National Forest with our closest neighbor several hunderd yards away so we are not used to the noise of the city but the traffic and trash collector did not bother us.The only problem we ran into was the shower took an excessive amount of time to heat to a comfortable temperature. This is really a waste of water which we can't afford to waste in Northern California. The hotel should really work on this problem as soon as possible.Since our room cost only $80.00 a night I thought that we really had a bargain for San Francisco	
Jan 8 2009 	Spectacular view if you get one...	Hilton Financial District was a discovery for me and my husband (who lived in San Francisco). We spent there 3 nights right before Christmas (Christmas days were spent at Shangri-la Santa Monica, separate review).The positive things - top floor bay view room has stunning panorama of the bay, Coit Tower, Alcatraz and Bay Bridge. The hotel is well located, really walking distance to the major attractions, dining, shopping and businesses. In 2 hours I toured the area from Embarcadero and Ferryhouse to Pier 39 and back to the hotel up through Washington Square. Also from Union Square it's a fun walk back to the hotel through the main gate of chinatown.The hotel is within several blocks from the Post Square BART station, not hilly so one can walk even with luggage (save the taxi or rental car and parking expenses from/to the airport).The breakfast selection was quite decent, I personally like their option of continental and full breakfast choice, the difference is only hot dishes in the second. Continental includes coffee/tea, juices, breads and pastry, cereal, fruit, salad bar, cold cuts (cheeses, hams and smoked salmon).The negative experience of our stay started upon check-in. we booked on hilton site executive floor bay view king bed room. Just in case I even reconfirmed at check-in if the room has a nice view and was assured that the view is fantastic. Apparently the front desk gentleman's and my idea of &quot;nice view&quot; were different - all we could see from the window of our room were roofs of chinatown... We requested to exchange the room, but the only bay view room available was 2 double... ok, the view was worth it...Then finally (since it was getting late) we decided to have a drink and some refreshments in the executive lounge (access to which was included in our room rate)... Surprise! the hotel staff (the same front desk gentleman, there seemed to be only one person at a time at the front desk at any time of the day) &quot;forgot&quot; to inform us that the executive lounge was closed for renovation for the Christmas week!!! We requested substitution for breakfast (which we were supposed to have at the lounge) but were nicely informed that it's not possible.... and who cares that we booked executive floor room with the lounge access and the price shows that... The issue was not resolved, we didn't feel like getting into unpleasant and time consuming argument before Christmas... there's too much fun stuff to do in SF!!!one more strange experience to me was their stinginess about the toiletries... apparently one piece of soap (one per bathroom) is enough for 2 people for 3 days... same for shampoo and lotion, they've never been replenished...	
Jan 8 2009 	Very nice and a good location	I traveled to S.F. for 4 days for work and had a very nice stay at the Hilton Financial District in August 2008. My room was spacious, comfortable and clean, and the location -- at the base of Chinatown -- was fantastic. I could walk to everything! Plus the view was amazing. The concierge was professional and helpful, and overall I had a near perfect experience.	
Jan 8 2009 	Beautiful views lacking details..	Had I been traveling for business, this would be an excellent place to stay. The rooms and hotel have really been designed with the business traveler in mind. The hotel is very modern and stylish and has a comfy bed. This hotel does call itself 'financial district', but it is really more Chinatown/North Beach. It is pretty much the end of the financial district, so you may want to see if it really is close to where you need to be.Pros: Nice room layout, good bed, GREAT views, newly renovated with all the standard amenities of a 4 star hotel, complimentary Internet and large desk/work spaceCons: Ridiculous parking charges ($50, I lived in S.F. for years, this is NOT standard, park across the street for HALF), slow valet (call way ahead to get your car), not convenient to many financial dist. areas, bathroom was more 3 star (standard), had free soap, etc and pay choice...at a 4 star? tacky!, missing light bulbs, broken iron, unplugged lamps and old TV. Oh, and a rude and unfriendly desk clerk who gave me a double (after asking for a king), and rolled her eyes at me when I returned to switchI would stay here again, but would park elsewhere and arrive early enough to inspect my room before bed to be sure I had proper lighting and a working iron. If I was Hilton I'd step up my service, this town has a lot of competition.	
Dec 11 2008	Take your ear plugs	Paper thin walls and very noisey - even when staying very high up. Room clean and nice bed. Overall exceptional value for money at the weekend when booked on hilton.com	
Nov 30 2008 	It was perfect!	My husband and I were in SF overnight for my b-day. The location was perfect for what my husband had planned and the room was great. Our view was of Coit Tower and part of the Bay. The bed was very comfortable!! My husband called in advance to have champange and a fruit/cheese platter waiting for us and it was there. Front desk staff was average at check- in and check-out. The valet parking staff were really nice! The only thing about valet parking (overnight) it cost $47!!! Wow that was a shock. I am use to parking fees at City hotels and was thining about $25-$30 per night but not $47. So much for getting a good deal through Hotwire! Put that aside everything was really nice and we enjoyed our stay.	
Nov 29 2008 	Average	I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights when in San Francisco. As a Hilton Diamond got upgraded to executive floor. Room was spacious and well decorated. Executive lounge was not the usual Hilton Standard and the continental breakfast was sparce compared to many Hilton Executive Lounges in USA. It is very much a business hotel and other hotels eg Westin are much more central and better value for money.Average nothing special.	
Nov 18 2008 	Nice digs	Super nice accommodations. Remodeled less than three years ago, the Hilton's got a luxurious, clean, contemporary feel now. The outside still looks like a Soviet fortress, but who cares? The beds feature beautiful linens, feather beds, down comforters and pillows, and European-style duvets. Everything felt clean and new. Great service all around, from the parking attendant to the concierge. I thought I was in a major jam when I realized I had forgotten to pack a couple basic personal care items and I didn't have time to run to the drug store before catching a ferry. A quick flip through Hilton's guest book revealed their &quot;Forgot to Pack&quot; service, which offers dozens of toiletries at no cost. Room service delivered my items in five minutes!My major complaint: *tons* of street noise. Even on the 10th floor we could hear conversations from the sidewalk below, the trash collection early in the morning sounded like it was right outside our window, and when a Harley went by it felt like we were inside the tailpipe. Maybe there is something going on with the outside acoustics here...Here's a tip: hotels in the business district aren't busy on the weekends. We went on priceline and bid $99/night for four-star hotels in this area; priceline counter-offered at $120/night and we were in business. Compare to $300/night on hilton's website.	
Nov 13 2008 	THE	My husband &amp; I stayed at the Hilton San Francisco Financial District the last week of October.... I am a tripadvisor addict before we travel places so I figured I owed it to all my fellow travelers to post reviews from our west coast adventure. The Hilton San Francisco Financial District has many pros, yet many cons....CONS:~I didn't want to believe the tripadvisor rumors... but YES it is true... the walls are PAPER THIN... actually it may not be the walls... but if you are in a room with an adjoining door to the next room... you are just out of luck!!! celebrating our 1 year anniversary we were accompanied by yelling and screaming and cursing to a sports channel next door... it was amazing, I mean we felt like we were sitting in the room with the guys next door cheering on the World Series... thank goodness they checked out the next morning and our last 2 nights were quiet!~The Restaurant... we were very excited to eat in the cool retro restaurant... but this sums it up.. there were 2 other tables in the lounge area... we sat down to have a quick drink and some food b/c we were too tired to venture out into SF... 11 minutes after we sat down we got greeted by a server (forgot his name) I asked for a drink list and menus... 4 minutes later we got a menu... 8 minutes later he took our drink order.... 16 minutes later we received our drinks... anyways I won't even continue... lets just say it was the worst dining experience I have ever had!!! I felt so dumb and out of place... &quot;be hospitable&quot; is the hilton motto and yea.... I think that needs to be re-evaluated in the restaurant!!PROS: (lets end on a good note)~ The Concierge desk is FABULOUS!! The best I have ever encountered.... ERIC and his staff are awesome! Everytime we encountered Eric he made me feel like I was a queen or something.. They had the best recommendations for dinner and things to do etc... and nothing was too much trouble. I think that the hospitality of the concierge desk staff was 200%.... it truly made me forget my restaurant experience and I left the hotel on a positive note...purely b/c of the concierge...~Daphne...I never met her but she knows how to get things done and I appreciated that!!~THE VIEW from our room was amazing!! nothing like i had ever seen before!!! see pics~Location... we walked to chinatown, walked to union square, walked 4 blocks to catch a trolly to fishermans wharf... good location!!!~The hotel is beautifully appointed and very clean!!!AGAIN, beautiful hotel, great concierge staff... great roomservice gentelman... but other areas just need to be worked on.... If I was in San Fran again I would stay at the Hilton Financial District again just to see the concierge staff and enjoy the beautiful views and nicely appointed rooms :-)	
Nov 8 2008 	great hotel	We got a great rate of $125 per night with Priceline for this hotel.The hotel is right next to the Transamerica Pyramid on one side and Chinatown on the other. It's a 10 minute walk to Market Street/Union Square, mostly on the flat. And has good bus connections.The hotel looks terrible outside - really drab looking building - but inside is a different matter. Bright lobby, with very smart rooms. A useful desk runs all along one side of the room in front of the windows - we had a city view on the 15th floor. Rooms had free wireless access.Great location, great rate, and comfortable room.	
Nov 1 2008 	Great hotel	This is a great hotel. Any hotel in San Francisco is going to be a little loud. The cars always seem to be honking at something. Yes, I could hear people in the next room. It didn't bother me. I always sleep with ear plugs at any hotel. I stayed on the 25th floor which gave me access to the concierge lounge. Breakfast was great every day. Not alot of variety from day to day, but plenty to choose from; cereal, bagels, muffins, english muffins, lots of fresh fruit, orange juice, cranberry juice, coffee. In the evening they had some vegetables, dip, cheese, bread, crackers, coke, sprite, water, &amp; a hot appetizer. Enough for a light &quot;snack dinner&quot;. My room was very functional and clean. The beds are VERY comfortable. Even though this is literally right next to China town it is really in a great location. Columbus street is just a block away with plenty of public transportation and GREAT food. A great bonus was that the hotel offered a town car for transportation in the morning - free of charge (of course a tip is generally expected). I would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 1 2008 	Location and Decor Trump All	Stayed here for a conference, and came away with a positive feeling about the hotel. The hotel is located right next to Chinatown, so if you like Chinese food, you'll be in hog heaven here. Be sure to try the Dim Sum for lunch at the Imperial Palace - we had it two days in a row. Also went to the Empress for dinner... about a block away.I took the Super Shuttle to and from the hotel from SFO for $17 plus tip. Never needed a car during my three day stay... plenty of places to eat within easy walking distance.The room (813) was nicely furnished and decorated, with good use of relatively small square footage. A picture window spanned the entire wall, and a desk ran the length of the window. My room had a great view of Coit Tower and occasionally San Francisco Bay off in the distance. This room still had an old style TV, instead of the flat screens which seem to be more and more common. There were a few relatively minor maintenance issues with the room, but nothing I couldn't live with. These included a black-out curtain that was ripped and &quot;repaired&quot; with a Band-Aid, a phone that didn't work (the other one had assorted single call buttons, none of which were functional), and some struggles with the heater, which seemed locked on an unusually cool 70 degrees. The shower took a little getting used to, since the shower head was only shoulder high (I'm six feet tall).I'd characterize the front desk service as competent, but not overly service oriented. No valet greeted me upon arrival... I got the impression they were really busy with conference attendees (ours and others). Room service for dinner was very good the first night (Pacific salmon), but only so-so the last night (a parsimonious club sandwich). The folks who delivered it, though, were very pleasant and efficient. My room had a single cup Lavazza coffee maker, and each day I was provided with a single supply of caffeinated coffee and one of decaf. One cup just isn't enough for me in the morning... I needed more. Despite the relatively minor problems, the location and decor trumped all. I'd have no problem returning here next time I'm in San Francisco.	
Oct 30 2008 	Fantastics views in San Francisco	Good Hotel. Advertised as a &quot;business hotel&quot; which I guess means small lobby. My Hilton Honors card must have worked, because I was upgraded to top floor (27) which has a balcony and great view of SF harbor and Coit tower. Room was well done, nice amenity kit, and this floor had free internet (I do not think it is free on other floors). Front desk was very friendly. Housekeeping left thank you note for pillow tip. Close to China Town, and public transportation is easy, but not short walk to much else. Avoid bringing a car into SF because it will be a hassle. Overnight parking in the hotel is $48, and $24 in the public parking structure across the street. If you get a good rate, this is a good hotel I would recommend, even without floor 27.	
Oct 26 2008 	Not Your Uncle's Hilton	The drab architecture of the building itself is the only evidence that this used to be a Holiday Inn. The rooms and common areas have been completely redone and now look more like an upscale boutique hotel.The rooms have been redesigned in a very modern but warm decor. The best part is the long desk that lines the window so that you are easily distracted by a great view. I usually prefer wired internet access as I almost always have signal strength and consistency problems with wireless, but not here. Good strong signal at all times. The Japanese style sliding door to the bathroom was one of the best I've seen as there was almost no space along the sides - a common problem that hampers privacy if sharing the room. A comfortable bed was complimented by a stylish chaise lounge.I did not spend much time in the hotel itself but was impressed with the design of the lobby and the food and retail outlets. The staff was pleasant and helpful. Room service breakfast was pricey but tasty and on time.One of the best things about this hotel is it's location. It is sandwiched by Chinatown and the Financial District, and only one block away from R&amp;G Lounge and House of Nanking - two Chinatown favorites. A short walk takes you further into Chinatown or to North Beach.Lastly, all the reviews I read about excessive noise had worried me, but I was not disturbed - by internal or external noise - one iota. I did notice that the ice machine was very loud so had I been in the room next to it I might have thought differently.	
Oct 25 2008 	OK nothing more nothing less	Visited San Francisco at a busy time of year so booked the Hilton as it was a good deal.I've stayed at the O'Farrell St Hilton before and was really pleased with it. This Hilton is not so good.To begin, it is on a run down street on the edge of Chinatown and the Financial District. The street is pretty grotty with some closed down shops nearby. On a positive it is only a couple of blocks from some of the trams and one block to Chinatown and the business area.The building itself is pretty grim, grey concrete. Reception is OK but obviously not a high end Hilton.We received a welcome note advising that should we choose to check out early a USD100 'admin' charge would be applied. I don't know if this is a new Hilton policy but it's not one I've seen before.Room was OK, small but OK. Bathroom tiny but again OK and clean.Beware the light sleepers, the sound proofing is not great.Overall the hotel was OK, pretty bland but OK.On returning I noticed a USD6.50 charge on my card (interestingly the cost of a bottle of water in your room). I have queried this (I know USD6.50 isn't much but hey it's still money I do not owe them). They have promised to refund the money but it still leaves a bit of a bad taste in my mouth.Would I reccommend this hotel? It depends, as I said it's OK but there are certainly better hotels out there, including the Hilton San Francisco.	
Oct 17 2008 	Great room!	I stayed in the hotel only one night after an Alasca cruise,and I wish I had stayed more.O.k ,first the bad things.When we checked in,the man in the reception couldn't find our reservation!I don't remember how long we wated for him to check and re-check.Half an our perhaps.Finally,he found our reservation but he said they didn't have twin beds avalable,as we had asked(we were 2 girls).But,he offered us an amazing king room on the 26floor!So,now the good things.The room 2601 was spacious,clean,elegant furnished, and had the most amazing view through an gigantic window!Really,we didn't had to go to any tourist place of the town so as to see the city from above.We could see Alkatraz,the harbour,the coit tower,...a huge part of the town.Cannot say enough about it!The bed was also soooo comfortable!Bathroom was great ,with all the essentials and I don't think the door is a problem as mentioned by others.In overall, the money we gave (137 euro for one night,no breakfast),considered good deal on what we got.	
Oct 16 2008 	Very disappointed....	First time of my life booking through priceline. I requested a king, non-smoking room. Upon arrival, the man who checked us in said in a very arrogant voice, &quot;Even though you prepaid for you stay through priceline discounters, I still need a credit card for incidentals.&quot; When I asked if we had a nice room, he said, &quot;Since you booked through priceline, you will get our run of the house.....&quot;When we arrived at our room, we found out that he put us in a double/double room. My husband &amp; I were on a romantic weekend away &amp; we really didn't want to end our first-ever trip to CA in a double/double room. I called downstairs to talk to the same man. He said, &quot;We are completely booked. Not one room to spare. And because you booked through priceline, there is no guarantee of a king room.&quot; I hung up and called the hotel (not their 800#, but the hotel #) directly from my cell. I asked for the reservations department. The lady told me that they had both regular king rooms and club king rooms available for that night.I hung up my cell &amp; called the manager of the hotel from the room phone.After 3 conversations, she finally agreed to move us to a king room. At first, she wanted me to pay $40 instead of the usual $50 to get a king. I refused. She finally gave in &amp; moved us without charging us an extra fee.Well, the first toom wasn't spectacular.The king room was horrible. It had a small window in the corner. Even with the lights turned on in the room, it was very dark. The TV worked for a bit, then stopped altogether.I will NEVER, EVER stay at a Hilton again after this negative experience.	
Oct 14 2008	Great location comfy beds	The hotel is in Chinatown more so than the financial district and just a couple of blocks away from little Italy which is great! The rooms were quite nice, the beds great! The bathroom was unique with a sliding door. If you're sharing with someone you don't know well this could get tricky, there's no lock on the door and it doesn't always close well. Other than the bathroom door, the ony other complaint I have is the elevators. I went as a member of dragon boat team and tons of other teams were there as well. Having only 4 elevators for 20+ floors did prove to be challenging for the number of people coming and going on a regular basis. I walked the stairs a few times to the 9th floor and actually made up there before others who took the elevator.I stayed 4 nights and enjoyed the hotel. We got a good rate since it was a large group. I stayed 4 additional nights in SF at The Donatello which was quite good as well, very different location. The rate for the Hilton was too much for the additional nights.	
Oct 14 2008	Mixed - good and bad	I stayed at the Hilton Financial District (actually Chinatown) for almost a week while in SF for a conference. Hotel was nice and clean. I'm a Hilton Honors member and had a non-smoking bay view king room reserved. I checked in at 3:30 and was told there were no more bay view rooms available. That's fine, I wasn't going to be in the room very much. The person checking me in put me in a tiny room next to the maid's closet and it wreaked of cigarette smoke even though it was supposed to be a non-smoking room. I went back to the lobby, waited 15 minutes, was told no one had smoked in the room, but finally convinced them I was not going to stay in a smokey room and demanded a non-smoking room. He gave me another room, telling me it was their last non-smoking room, and luckily it turned out to be fine, though being on a low floor looking over the parking structure wasn't exactly what I was expecting. But, it was clean and fairly quiet. Ironically, people checking in after me, going to the same conference, got non-smoking bay view rooms on high floors and they weren't even Hilton Honors members. They did check in w/ a different person so maybe the guy I got was just being a jerk or having a bad day. For the most part, their staff was pretty friendly though the waitress at breakfast acted like bringing us juice and water was inconveniencing her. I'd recommend the small Chinese restaurant next door for breakfast, nothing frilly, but good food for a great price. The food at the Hilton is way over priced, especially for the breakfast buffet w/ it's cold stale waffles and no &quot;cooked to order&quot; eggs, just scrambled eggs. Overall, it's an ok hotel. I probably would not stay there again though due to the initial room problem I had and because they allow smoking in some of their rooms, better to go w/ a smoke-free hotel if you are a non-smoker like I am.	
Oct 8 2008 	Best Vacation Ever	I had to write this review as soon as I got home. I had read some of your previous reviews before we left for vacation and was a little concerned about staying here. It’s a good thing I took the chance. I can't believe how wrong some of these reviews are. This hotel was the most accommodating hotel I have ever been in. The view from our room was magnificent. Never heard any neighbors and the hotel was packed the full week we were there. The concierge was the best. They were always willing to print something or give recommendations. They also were so friendly and nice and truly interested in you. Yes, we heard city noise, but you are in the city!!!!!!!! This is what it is all about. Everything was in walking distance. I loved this hotel and I am a Hilton Diamond member and stay at many different hotels. This by far was the best place I have ever stayed.	
Sep 29 2008 	Enjoyed our stay - not noisy at all	First off, we booked this hotel through Priceline and got a great deal for $150 a night. Based on the dollar amount this hotel was worth every penny.We stayed on the 11th floor and had no issues with noise from the street or from our neighbors. There was some construction noise which was there during the day, but it never interfered with our comfort at the hotel. There was the odd police siren at night but that's the reality of a big city. If you're high enough up, the street noise is minimal. I could, however, understand if someone was trying to sleep during the day, this is afterall, in the heart of downtown.Although I was on vacation, I travel frequently for business and noticed that this hotel definitely caters to the business traveller - many services are included. The location was very convenient to Chinatown and the Financial district. It was a 15-20 minute walk to Union Square. There's tons of great restaurants around and most rooms offer stunning views of the water and Coit Tower.Overall the hotel is beautiful inside - modernly decorated and we found the concierge staff the best we've experienced. The rooms are very comfortable. Hope this review helps, we'd stay here again.	
Sep 27 2008 	Surprisingly nice	This Hilton is on the fringe of Chinatown and adjacent to North Beach, known for its Italian restaurants. Upon arrival, the neighborhood didn't appear to be very attractive; it's busy, commercial and a bit noisy. But the location proved to be a winner. We strolled into Chinatown for lunch, strolled into North Beach for dinner and strolled a short way to catch the cable car. The rooms are large and nicely appointed. The concierge was fabulous; all of the restaurant recommendations were winners. Beware, however, that this hotel charges an outrageous fee of $54/night for valet parking. Cheaper, self-service parking is available on the same block.	
Sep 27 2008 	AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!	As a flight attendant, I am forced to stay at this hotel. Despite my love for San Francisco, I now try to avoid it at all costs. This has to be one of the noisiest hotels I've ever tried to sleep in. There is no such thing as a good night's rest in any of the rooms. You are surrounded by noise... your neighbors (As the previous posters stated, you can hear EVERY sound! The walls are paper-thin.), the elevators (There are four and they are constantly in motion.), the street noise, the car alarms, the school across the street which has recess continuously throughout the day (Try taking a nap between the bells, basketballs, and jump rope chants!), the police/fire station, and the homeless and drunks that continuously patrol the streets. Oh, and let's not forget the protests that happen across the street almost every time I've been here.Not only that but the management just doesn't care. At least, not when it comes to crew members. I thought their rudeness was only directed at us until I read numerous other postings online. Now, I feel a bit better. Also, as for amenities, it'd be nice to have the option of a refrigerator in my room or the ability to store my cooler in a walk-in refrigerator (Hotels I frequent are more than accomodating.) Once, I inquired about a pool or hot tub and they mentioned the car wash in the basement. I thought, well, that might be fun but, apparently, you're not able to cool off in that, either! lolAll in all, there are many, MANY other options in the neighborhood that are in the same price range that offer a sound night's sleep. I know, we used to stay in them! Look around but do not look here. NO MATTER WHAT THE DEAL MIGHT BE, IT WILL NEVER BE A GOOD ONE! NOT HERE. NOT EVER.	
Sep 26 2008	Decent hotel nothing wow but okay	Staff was nice, room was standard, location was good for area walking to restaurants. There on biz and certainly suited my needs. Valet at $50 per day a little high, but hey it's SF.	
Sep 23 2008 	Avoid at all costs	On arriving at the Hilton Hotel, Financial District in San Francisco, it seems perfectly situated between touristy Chinatown and the Financial District. With on-site spa, roof pool, restaurant and friendly consierge, one would think that due to price you'd gotten yourself a great deal, but just wait until you attempt to put your head on the pillow and get some sleep....The windows in this busy downtown hotel have not been upgraded since it was a Holiday Inn in the Sixties, so guests, regardless of how high up they are in the 28 floors are treated to the drunken screams, car alarms and emergency vehicle wails until at least three in the morning.Our personal experience did not end there- we were in a room that had the possibility to be adjoined- we heard every peep, every bowel movement, every pillow wrussle and cell phone discussion about the occupant's brother's STD. UNTIL 5.30 IN THE MORNING.If and when they moved out into the hall it was just as loud, and accompanied by the precussive noise of their door slamming shut due to poor maintenance. When I finally complained, the only solution they offered was to move us to another room- so we can wake up, pack up our stuff, and settle in to a new set of equally noisy neighbors? This was supposed to be a romantic getaway, and so when my fiance refused the new room, the night desk clerk suggested I take up the offer for a new room myself. It's supposed to be a romantic getaway, you idiot!I demanded from the desk clerk that the moment that we checked out, I wanted a word with the manager- not only did they not bring forth the manager, they didn't even bother to ask how our stay was when we did. There wasn't enough time to make a stink about the situation, so I pass this logic on to you, the good readers of tripadvisor.Conrad Hilton, the founder of the Hilton Group, said that above all, the credo of his company was &quot;Be Hospitable.&quot; This is was the opposite of hospitable. Let 'em have it with both guns and don't give up until you get all your money back. After reading the comments on this site, I'm skipping the management who obviously don't give two figs about their customers, and instead and going straight to corporate. I'll keep you abreast on how well I do getting my money back.just do yourself a favor- by all means, don't stay here. It's a noisy, annoying, sleep-sucking scam.	
Sep 22 2008	Nice but you may not sleep much	I brough the wife and kids here for one night (a friday) on our way to another destination. The pros: great location (across the street from chinatown, walking distance to union square shopping, you can catch a cable car to fisherman's wharf). The room was nice, clean and modern w/plasma flat screen. As a Hilton Diamond member I was upgraded to a concierge floor with free continental breakfast, which was nice. Staff is friendly and attentive.The cons: the room was a bit small and cramped, the afore-mentioned steam problem from the shower, the bathroom door is a modern japanese-style slider so no real visual or sound privacy (you can peek in on each side of the door (1/4&quot; opening). But the biggest con of all was the lack of sleep due to sound disturbances. The walls must be paper thin as I could hear a businessman yapping in mandarin in the next room starting at 5am, as if he was in the bed with me. This - after being kept up by the sound of a DJ and people partying from some nightclub until 2am (the sound echoed all the way up to the 26th floor due to the close proximity of the buildings). Needless to say we did NOT get a good night's rest. I would recommend this hotel for a couple without kids who plan to stay up late partying (and hopefully you won't be woken up by the sound of mandarin at 5am). :)	
Sep 22 2008	Fantastic Views Great Location	We stayed the the Hilton Financial District on 20th March 2008 for a week, we requested a &quot;bay view&quot; room on a high floor we got a &quot;To die for View&quot; with amazing views of the Bay area, Alcatraz, Sausalito, North Beach. The room was exactly as the photo on the Hilton website, modern, immactlately clean, well decorated, with the most comfiest king size bed, with crisp egyptian cotton sheets. Bathroom was compact but it had everything you need and was topped up daily. Tea/Coffee making facilities, No mini bar, but complimentary bottled water, and an ice bucket for the ice dispenser next to the lifts on each floor. Free internet access and flat screen tv's, Front Desk &amp; Concierge service was very efficient at getting taxi's etc. The hotel Bar was very expensive for drinks.Location was great for North Beach and China Town, lots of great restaurants, try Momma's on Washington Square for breakfast - amazing! its a short walk but well worth it. Try the Stinking Rose for Dinner on Columbus Ave, closest to hotel was Francis Ford Coppola's Restaurant &quot;Zoetroupe&quot; one block up from the hotel - amazing food and wine, and reasonably priced.Short walk 20 mins to Union Square and all the big stores, on the bus route to the Marina district and easy reach walking to Pier 39, Fishermans Wharf etc. I'd recommend it to anyone. We loved it, and would recommend to anyone travelling business or leisure.	
Sep 18 2008 	Great hotel next to Chinatown!	This is the 4th time I have stayed at this hotel, Sept 14-19, and I am always impressed by the view (Coit tower and SF Bay &amp; Sausalito), the size of the rooms, and the friendliness of the staff. Plus free WiFi! The only drawback is the expense of valet parking, which you can solve by parking in the lot across the street. I brought my bike and kept it in the room with no hassle. You can bike all over town via the Embacadero a few blocks to the east. Highly recommend!	
Sep 5 2008 	Nice hotel but poor sound insulation	My mom and I stayed here for one night; booked via Priceline. The GOOD:The lobby and room appearance is nice, as it is newly renovated. When we checked in, we were actually upgraded (without charge) to a BayView Deluxe double room on the 16th floor. It has a great view of Telegraph Hill and Coit Tower, plus the Bay of course.We didn't find the room cramped. It was fine for the 2 of us.The BAD:POOR sound insulation! Apart from street noise (which started at 6:30am), the walls are thin. Even though our room was half-way down the corridor, we could still hear the elevator sound (the alert sound it makes when approaching the floor). Also, we could here footsteps from the room above plus from the hallway despite carpet. Lastly, our neigbors decided to turn on really loud music at 12:30am which woke both of us up.No exhaust fan in the bathroom, so it steams up after a shower.We noticed a faint odor when we entered our room. I couldn't pinpoint it, but my mom was convinced it smelled like cigarette smoke even though the hotel is non-smoking. It wasn't a big deal as it was very faint.NEUTRAL:Location. I like the fact it's next to Chinatown, which is great for meals.However, it is not that convenient to the rest. Montgomery station (the closest BART/Muni) is a good 15-min walk. We arrived from the airport via BART, and it was no fun walking there as it was slightly uphill. There are also very few bus lines that go near the hotel.	
Sep 2 2008 	Great rooms the concierge service was the best ever	We stayed two nights in the Hilton and two in the Chancellor, we preferred the Hilton. The rooms were large and comfortable with coffee maker in the room. The concierge service was the best we have experienced anywhere (esp Patti) and they made such a difference to our stay advising on best restaurants etc.	
Sep 2 2008 	Small beds	My husband and I stayed at the hotel for 3 nights. The hotel is newly renovated. Our only real issue is that they gave us a full sized bed for double occupancy. It was a bit too small for us. Additionally the shower head was way to low, probably better suited for someone 5'4&quot; or under.Although the hotel name reads the financial district, it is located in the heart of China Town.	
Aug 25 2008 	Convenient location nice rooms and service	The hotel is located at the intersection of the Financial District, Chinatown and North Beach, and pretty close to Union Square shopping area as well. I think the location is pretty convenient for easy walking access to those areas although it's a bit far from the theater district.Thanks to my Gold VIP status we were upgraded to the 26th floor with lounge access during our recent weekend stay (Thank you, Hilton!). The room was smallish, but pretty nicely upgraded, with flat screen TV, etc. As a previous reviewer already mentioned, the windows are still single pane, so there is definitely traffic and city noise especially during weekend nights. The lounge was nice but small as well, so it got crowded on a Sunday morning.Parking at the hotel is pretty expensive; the Portsmouth parking garage across the street offers overnight parking for a lot less.Hotel staff was overall very friendly and helpful. We did not try the restaurant but the bar area was nice for a late evening drink and snack.	
Aug 10 2008	Wonderful stay!	We booked this hotel thru priceline for a great deal. When we arrived, we needed to drop our stuff off and then return our rental car. They wouldn't let us leave the rental car outside for 10 minutes which created some problems. After the car debacle, it was all smooth sailing. The lobby is modern and clean. The check in was friendly and quick. We loved our room, very comfortable beds. The location was pretty good, right on the outskirt of Chinatown a pretty easy walk to the wharf. We walked to everything. On our last night we were too exhausted to go out and had drinks at the hotel bar. It is a very chic bar.	
Aug 7 2008 	Not 4 A Star Hotel	I just stayed at the Hilton. The room was very small, dirty and noisy. The room was supposed to be non-smoking. However, the pillows smelled like cigarette smoke. The sheets and bed spread were white. They looked clean. However, on closer inspection I saw black streaks on them as if someone used the sheets for a shoe shine rag. There is a $15 fee to use the gym. The hotel waived the fee for me after I complained about it. I would not give this hotel 4 stars.	
Jul 29 2008 	Amazing Staff Great Room	I like both an overall review and details when I use this site, so I'll do both here.HILTON STAFF WERE AMAZINGThe staff at this hotel were wonderful. Scott in reservations was incredibly gracious to us when we were in a bind and made magic happen before we even arrived. He saved our trip.The rest of the staff had the same can do attitude, from checking in to constantly being greeting in the elevators and hallways, all the way to the end when we retrieved our bags.ROOMS WERE GREATThe rooms were also nice, well appointed. The bathroom and closet area is a little tight but a small thing considering all the views. Our friends had an AMAZING view of the bay and downtown. We also had so much fun with the views. I love to people watch down on the street; this view afforded that opportunity. The bed was medium in terms of firmness and the pillows a mix of feather and non. All very nice.There was a long desk area by the window and a chair with ottoman by the bathroom wall so, plenty of places to lounge and store things.We are light sleepers but were a little surprised by the road noise, especially bc we were on one of the highest floors. However, turning the AC unit to &quot;on&quot;, playing music and/or using ear plugs solved the problem.FITNESS = FUNThe amenities were great as well. Being into hotel fitness centers, I was elated at how nice this one was! Treadmills, stationary bikes, weight machines, etc. Even apples and water in the room, all with a great view in front of you.LOCATION WAS IDEALThe location was perfect for us. Chinatown is right there with plenty of restaurants. We ate at E Tutto Qua which is .2 miles from the hotel and it was lovely. Not a bad walk to Union Square, the BART, etc. Just enough away from all the big touristy areas. We walked the whole time from the hotel, only taking a cab once and the BART to and from SFO. It's a great location.OVERALL - THANK YOU, HILTON!This was a great stay. All six of us in our group had a wonderful time. It was always nice to go back to our rooms each day after playing hard. The Hilton did it right and we tremendously enjoyed it!	
Jul 25 2008 	Good hotel location is a bit inaccurate	I had a one night stay here before having to transfer to a hotel in San Jose for logistical reasons. My company travel agent booked it for $209. You can't miss the building. Its a large garish brutalist style tower in Chinatown.Location: The travel agent booked it for me based on the price and the 'financial district' location. The hotel is really in the heart of Chinatown. For that reason, if you aren't terribly cost conscious, I recommend the airport shuttles to get to the hotel. They are about $17. BART is less and will get you to Montgomery Street Station, but its a bit of a hike to the hotel especially if you have luggage. Other than that, its well placed for a visit to the city, tourism or business.Check in: Quick and efficient. I arrived early and the hotel was able to accomodate me. I was able to get the room type requested without any fuss.The room: Good. Large work desk area and...free wireless internet! Nice to see there is one hotel that doesn't nickel and dime you for internet service. Bed was very comfortable. TV is a bit dated. Another note is that if you are taller than six feet, you may find the shower a bit of a problem. I am 5'6'' and its a low shower. Overall though, the room was quite nice and relatively comfortable.Amenities: Since it was only one night, I didn't have a chance to try everything out. I asked the staff if there was a place to get a breakfast sandwich in the AM. Nothing in the hotel. There is a sit down restaurant, but that's it. I had to walk down to Specialty Bakery about two blocks away to grab a quick bite before work.Overall, I liked the hotel, except for the location. If I was planning to be in SF for more than a couple of days, I would definitely want easier access to BART and Muni to get around.	
Jul 15 2008 	Noisy on Weekend	Just spent 5 days at Hilton with wife and two teenagers. Had a room on 9th floor overlooking Coit Tower and the Bay. Good location close to Chinatown and Little Italy. Nice room although small. Staff was friendly although I often had trouble finding someone at the Concierge desk. Biggest complaint was the street noise especially Friday and Saturday nights. If you do stay there and even if you don't, make sure you have dinner at House of Nanking on Kearny - excellent!	
Jul 11 2008 	Nice stay	We moved to Hilton Financial District after a couple of nights stay at Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf. It was a good decision to move to downtown hotel, it felt like visiting a completely new city! There are two Hiltons in SF downtown, and I chose this one based on the &quot;financial district&quot; addition to its name which is a bit cheeky since it is in fact in chinatown. the hotel is a few blocks away from Union square shopping central, we did not mind the nice walk to and from the hotel. We got a corner room with lovely Coit tower view, but the room was small and we felt a bit cramped due to a very narrow window which makes the room dark and gloomy. seems the hotel was recently renovated, interiors are nice and the bed is very comfortable. Overall our stay was nice but it didn't make a special impression, it's a good hotel of Hilton standard. just adequate for comfortable stay and we'll still recommend it. although we don't mind returning, we'll probably try another hotel for our next visit.	
Jul 8 2008	Great view great price	We booked on the Hilton website for $169/night over the 4th of July holiday, an excellent price for staying walking distance from financial district, Coit Tower, Pier 39 and Chinatown. As Honors Gold members we were upgraded to a 25th floor room with a bay view. This view is positively unbeatable: Telegraph Hill, Coit Tower, Alcatraz and the Bay Bridge make for spectacular photographs. Staff was friendly and attentive. Rooms were recently renovated and very nicely appointed. Only downsides are the windows are not sealed well, so street noise is an issue; hotel restaurant is lack luster, and room service way overpriced. Check out House of Nanking right down the street for excellent Chinese food (Zagat rated), be prepared for a line and poor service, but food makes up for it.	
Jul 4 2008 	Great location in San Francisco	Arrived at the Hilton mid-afternoon after a tiring flight from Heathrow. As soon as we arrived we knew instinctively that we had made a good choice.Room was large with a huge bed and luxurious bathroom.As soon as we arrived and were happy with the accommodation we walked down to Fisherman's Wharf (a good 30 minute walk) and spent the rest of the afternoon in the glorious sunshine soaking up the atmosphere. The sea lions were adorable but the smell was pretty unique to say the least!The situation of the hotel right on the edge of Chinatown was superb. Most evenings we walked down into North Beach to Vesuvio's, where on our first evening we had a minor earthquake! We ate at tiny cafe's/restaurants in Chinatown for a few pounds.We walked, and walked and walked. Care should be taken not to stray into unsafe areas as this is pretty easy to do. A good map is a must, and it is advisable to know beforehand where you should go and where you should avoid. Try to avoid the Tenderloin and parts of Market Street, but even with our prior knowledge we still managed to find ourselves surrounded by pretty scary individuals in Market Street.We also booked a day trip that took us around the city, over the Golden Gate Bridge and included a trip to Alcatraz. We also wandered up to Coit Tower and Lombard Street, and spent the best part of a day in Golden Gate Park.I wouldn't hesitate to stay in this hotel again.	
Jun 24 2008 	Good Stay and Great Views	This hotel was highly anticipated since we were booked in a King Size Balcony Room on the Top Floor (27th floor)The views can't be beat, very nice to be able to see the Golden Gate all they way around to the Bay Bridge.Hotel is located about 6 blocks from Embracadero and about 1.25 miles to Fisherman's Wharf.Located one block from Pure Chinatown Experience.Room was nicely appointed in Room 2701 and the Concierge Lounge access is on the 26th floor.Bathroom is a little small but the bed was very comfortable and the balcony with 2 chairs and a table were nice.Only one minor hiccup but it was rectified very quickly and without mentioning.Concierge and Front Desk and Bellman were very friendly and outgoing.Sedan and Limo Service is available from hotel from which we took a day trip to Monterrey (2 hours away) for a day visit.Never used restaurant, since we ate out each time to experience the real food of the West and Chinatown.	
Jun 23 2008 	Decent hotel - great location but there are better hotels...	We booked at the Hilton based on a bargain rate found on Orbitz. While the name notes that the hotel is in the Financial District, it is better to situate this hotel in Chinatown.It's a short walk to North Beach and Market Street, which makes the location hard to beat.The lobby is gorgeous: very modern, Japanese-influenced style. We stayed in a standard king room with a city view. The room was very small, but modern. We spent little time in the hotel, so we did not mind the cramped space. I would not pay the full rate suggested for this hotel, as there are so many options around San Francisco.Bathrooms have no fan, so beware of your showers setting off smoke alarms from the steam! Avoid room service if possible: we paid $23 for an individual pizza that arrived with a hair on it! We would probably not stay here again, unless we got another amazing rate.	
Jun 17 2008 	Very nice hotel in a good location	The hotel is a Hilton - Hilton quality, Hilton service. Very nice, with an excellent room, excellent internet connection, excellent breakfast, excellent service, and very good location (not exactly in SF centre, but in a very nice walking distance). I recommend. Specially because the relation price/quality is very very good.	
May 28 2008 	Great Value! Remember to use your Hilton Honor.	I stayed there for two nights. I booked through priceline (less than $190 for two nights, including tax and fees). The hotel was at a great location. I parked in a garage right across the street ($26/day). They didn't mention priceline but I did show them my Hilton Honor number. I was given a room at 15th floor with a beautiful half-bay and half-city view. The wall is thin and you could hear the street noise. However, I am very satisfied with the price I paid.	
May 28 2008 	Loved location and views	I found the location very convenient. As I was in SF for the first time, it was great to be able to just walk around Chinatown etc.....my room had the best view imaginable, looking over the Bay. Room was very clean and conveniently arranged. My only complaint was the service at breakfast.....not good.I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting SF on vacation or business.	
May 21 2008 	The view cannot be beat!	My husband and I stayed here for one night and I wish it could have been longer. Hilton's are our hotel of choice and this is now my favorite. The hotel is right next to Chinatown. You can walk to just about any place. Checkin was so nice! They gave us a room on the 19th floor facing the bay. Words cannot describe how magnificent the view is. The rooms have been redone and are very clean and have those heavenly beds.The only thing I disliked was that you have to pay $47 a night for parking plus tax! You can park across the street for about $26 for 24 hours.Also, the food in the hotel is very expensive. For breakfast, go next door to the Garden Restaurant. Perfect breakfast and reasonable price. Cash only. For lunch or dinner go down the street to R &amp; G Lounge. Fab chinese food. Great place! Very reasonable for lunch.	
May 15 2008	surly staff	Stayed in the hilton for 3 days rooms were very nice and clean staff at the front desk were very helpful and courteous.It was a different matter for the bar waitress's who delivered our food cold and also missed some of our order off .Deciding not to get in to confrontation and to spoil our holiday we decided not to leave a tip ,big mistake .The waitress returned to our table and asked for the tip ,when we told her we would not tip for the service she became very surly and agitated so we said we would call the manager only then did she leave .After that incident we decided not eat or drink in the hotel so it did have an effect on our holiday.	
May 11 2008 	The perfect location	I stayed here many times in the old days when it was a Holiday Inn, and after a thorough renovation by Hilton, I’m pleased to report that it’s as delightful as ever. The rooms – all newly remodeled -- have superb views and windows that open (a feature I enjoy in this mild climate). Unfortunately, most of the rooms have connecting doors, which can lead to noise, although I asked for and received a room that had no connecting door. What I particularly like about this hotel is its perfect location, where the neighborhoods of Chinatown, North Beach, and the Financial District all come together. There are parts of San Francisco where I would walk at night and parts where I wouldn’t, and this hotel is in the area that is relatively safe at all hours.	
May 1 2008 	This used to be that nasty Holiday Inn!	I visit San Francisco from time to time, and my company has recently relocated our office in the city to a location near this hotel - and I just completed my first stay there.When I got to the hotel I was very pleased with the visual experience - the hotel is lovely, and the bell staff through the entire stay was a pleasure.It was a strange visit though. As I unpacked in my room I looked out the window and saw a view I know I had seen before. I figured it was just deja-vu, because the only time I had ever been in this area before it was ten years ago, and I had stayed at the Holiday Inn - and that place was SO bad that I checked out the second night. It was bad on a grand scale - like huge hotel awful bad. It wasn't until the next night when I was talking to the bell desk guys that it hit me - I was looking at the same view because I was in the same physical building! If you ever stayed at the awful old Holiday Inn, I highly recommend stopping by the Hilton - the renovation is nothing short of miraculous. I chatted at length with the hotel staff during my stay about it - many of them had worked at the hotel when it was a Holiday Inn, and they all found it amusing that I hadn't realized for a full day that I was in the same place.My only ding against the hotel was that the service was a bit off. When I checked in, the front-desk manager asked me why I had requested foam pillows (I do so because I'm allergic to feathers). She then let me know that I should add that to my profile, because they normally don't honor the request unless it is clearly called out that the person has allergies. She promptly called the room staff to rotate my pillows and make my room &quot;feather free&quot; - but this was never done. Also, the last evening I was there the staff failed to pick up my breakfast card from the door, and I didn't realize this until I had expected my breakfast. To their credit, they had me breakfast in the room within 6 minutes from me calling down - sans toast - but it was a good effort nonetheless.While the service was a bit uneven, it was a very pleasant stay, and I will definitely be back. The staff was very friendly across the board - among the friendliest I've seen in a Hilton this large. The views are still great, and the rooms are fresh, clean, and comfortable.	
Apr 30 2008	Great location	good location for people working in the financial district or even tourist. hotel is in china town. below the average hilton in service.	
Apr 29 2008 	A nice place to stay in San Fran.	On my short trip (three nights) to San Francisco, my husband took me to the hotel that he has stayed in often while on business there. I can see why he likes the place. The Hilton, Financial District is in a convenient part of the city right next to China Town, and a pleasant 20 minute walk down to Fisherman's Wharf. We had a very comfortable room, with normal Hilton amenities and a nice view over to the harbour. Parking was quite expensive, so we used the underground parking building right accross the road, which was about half the price of the Hiltons. I am quite happy to stay there again, and stayed at two more Hiltons during this trip, knowing the standard of accommodation would be good.	
Apr 21 2008 	Nice View From Room	We stayed 2 nights over the weekend, $99/night at the hotel website. The hotel is in a good location - across from Chinatown and walking distant to Union Square and Financial District. If you're able to get the Bay View rooms, it's quite beautiful. The rooms are good if on the smaller side - not bad, not spectacular.Unless you have free breakfast, it really doesn't make sense to eat there for $20. The Executive Lounge is closed for the weekend but you get the free breakfast at their restaurant if you're with Hilton Honors. Parking is definitely ridiculous, but if you're there during the weekend, you can get street parking. Just be careful and read all the signs to avoid tickets.Overall, good overall and very good for the value.	
Apr 21 2008 	Loved every minute of our stay	I'm late writing this review since we stayed at this hotel the first week in April. I did call a few days ahead and mentioned we'd be celebrating our wedding anniversary in SF and requested a bay view room possibly on a top floor--- with 2 beds. Since we book the room via Priceline--- my request was noted, but was informed it may not a sure thing at check-in. When we arrived at the hotel after a very long flight from Massachusetts--- we were greeted warmly by Gemma who quickly checked us in, wished us a happy anniversary, and gave us a beautiful room on the 21st floor with a breath taking view of the SF Bay, Coit Tower, and North Beach. The room was small but modern and compact and comfortable. We had breakfast every morning at the Garden Restaurant next store to the HIlton. It's a Chinese Restaurant that serves a very hearty ( omelet, hash browns, toast, coffee) and inexpensive breakfast option---either Chinese or American breakfast choices. The location of this Hilton made it the perfect location to walk everywhere: North Beach, Embacadero/Ferry Building, or Union Square. We also bought a 3 day MUNI pass that allowed us to take busses or cable cars to explore Golden Gate Park ,the Presidio and Crissy Fields. It was a perfect vacation made even more memorable by our stay at the Hilton.	
Apr 13 2008 	One of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in	From the start this hotel was terrible. Check-in was overly protracted and carried out by a man with an attitude who didn't like the fact that I had made multiple bookings over my stay. I was told that I would have to check out and back in again at the end of each booking (service hey!). This guy who has no understanding of customer service ignored my questions and proceeded to answer the 'phone when dealing with me (sure, I don't mind waiting after my 13 hour flight). It got worse when he told me the room was not ready - it was 9.30pm (not am!)! The room was more representative of a 1 star hotel...it was inconceivable that the windows were not double glazed and it was possible to hear all sorts of noises outside from traffic, to screaming children, bottles being emptied from the bar and trash vehicles loading up (all night). Desk staff told me there was no chance of a room change. However, when I spoke to the only human being at the hotel - Kristina from Norway, she said I could change room the next day. I didn't sleep that first night but of course, they don't offer a refund. The second room was better, but still had some issues. There was a beautiful view of the San Francisco bay, but still no double glazing of course, so noise was still quite loud...no as bad as the previous room though and with earplugs (which were trashed by the housekeeping staff the next day!) I managed to get some sleep. I had paid for a room on the club floor. Don't bother! The only material difference is a flat screen TV. Inclusive access to the conceirge lounge means nothing. The lounge is simply a single guest room transformed into something worse than the cheapest Best Western, it was crammed and full of children. As a business traveller I expected better, but ended up eating the horrid breakfast (no choice - just a few croissants) on my lap. I asked the next day if I could have breakfast elsewhere and was given vouchers to do so in the main restaurant. The service was the same as in the remainder of the hotel...took 12 minutes to get a coffee and you must flag staff down to get it...they are so engrossed in their gossip chats that they obviously forget the customer. Many guests noticed this and although it did not take 12 minutes to flag down the staff for coffee everyday, they did require flagging every day!On the weekend, the club floor lounge does not open at all. It seems that the club floor rooms go to just anybody too. I wanted the club room as I have to work. Impossible, it was so noisy with group meetings/music next door and kids running around all afternoon upstairs. Despite 2 calls to the front desk nothing happened and I barely got my work done...A couple of other points to note: no minibar; very very limited room service both in terms of choice and hours of operation; they will not allow you to borrow electricity convertors...you have to purchase for $25 - I have never ever experienced this in any hotel I have stayed in during my years of worldwide travel.My advice is do not stay in this hotel under any circumstance you will only be disappointed....if you do, don't bother to pay the extra for a club room...it's just a label that means very little....chances are if you book a regular room you'll get &quot;upgraded&quot; to club anyhow, especially at the weekend!I leave tomorrow and can't wait to get out of here. For Hilton I would say it's the worst hotel I have ever stayed in...it offers nothing and gives poor service and memories.	
Apr 4 2008 	View Fit for a President	First, I have to say that up until last year, I lived in San Francisco for five years so I do know the city.We arrived at 10 AM and wanted a king no smoking. Since we were so early, we said we would just wander through Chinatown which is just blocks away and come back after lunch. The concierge is fantastic and friendly. He was helping people check out, giving families with kids great ideas of things to do, and recommending places for lunch. He was right there by the registration desk. No problem with him being unapproachable. I even asked him for a lunch idea. (It was great and had been a Rachael Ray recommended restaurant)After lunch, we returned to the hotel to see if a room was ready. They still didn't and when I mentioned that we had been there since 10, the front desk person said that she would upgrade us since we had been waiting a few hours. Upgrade she did, to the 27th floor. I opened the door and my jaw dropped. Straight in front of us was an unobstructed view of Coit Tower, Alcatraz, Angel Island, North Beach, etc. In all my years in SF, this was one of the best views I have ever seen. You do not have to be that high to get this view either, but if you can afford the upgrade, it is worth it. This hotel is completely remodeled and it is very well done.On the following day, while waiting for a car to take us back to the airport, security tightened, and we were not sure what was going on. Just then, an entourage of people in dark suits started to pass by us. Senator McCann was checking in. He walked by me and we shook hands and I wished him luck in his campaign. I bet he liked his view from his room.	
Mar 22 2008 	Good Restaurants Next Door	Very pleasant, spectacular view (from North side rooms) and very pleasant service at front. Breakfast was good, but not the very best that Hilton has to offer. However, if your are adventuresome, the family run Cantonese &quot;Garden Restaurant&quot; next door offers great, cheap, cooked-to-order breakfast (American or Chinese). Also, next door in the alley is Alfred's, a wonderful, traditional (expensive) San Fransisco steak house. I have posted pictures of both establishments.	
Mar 20 2008 	Nice hotel good locatoin	Next to Chinatown, the hotel is in a good location. Hotel rates are also pretty good, compared to similar hotels in other SF areas.The hotel itself is good. It is a 'normal' business hotel, but still a nice place to stay. The rooms must have been recently refurbished: they looked very good and seemed newer then what you would exepect from the outside of the hotel :-)The room was nicely decorated and was very comfortable. Bathroom was clean, although not too big. Which was ok for me since I stayed alone (business trip).Bar is a great area, lobby is almost non-existing. Breakfast is average, restaurant as well.The location is excellent: just walk outside and you're in Chinatown. DId I mention I really like chinese food... :-)All in all a good place to stay for a few days.	
Mar 13 2008	Good location and service!	After initially booking with another hotel that seemed shady we went the safe route. The hotel and its service is great, you can get a taxi anytime outside so travel within the city is so easy. Good location from all main tourist areas, we even walked to union square and north beach! The room and bathroom was large enough for two people and the views were amazing from the 26th floor! The only thing I wish were different was the price, it was a bit high for what the room was, but you're paying for the name and in San Francisco, everything is expensive, so we soon got used to that!	
Mar 11 2008 	Terrible Service	We were there for three nights. The rooms were over priced for the service we were receiving. We paid about an average of USD350 per night. I was there with a family of 7 and we booked three rooms. One room had no safe at all. When we requested for a change, the receptionist asked us to change within ourselves - as if the rest of us do not require a safe in the room. One room did not even have a chair and when ordered room service, we had to eat on the bed. Another room's amenities were not equipped fully. The customer hotline was not working, and nobody answered the phone when we called the reception. When we told the receptionist that there was no one answering the &quot;customer hotline&quot; button, they did not even know the button exists! On our last day checking out, we called for the bell service to get out luggages down. We waited 15 minutes and decided to go down to the reception only to find out that the concierge was not informed that we needed out luggages brought down. We booked a cab from the hotel to get to the airport. When we waited and there was no cab in sight, we checked with the receptionist and they answered, &quot;Just pass them the voucher. It's not our problem.&quot; To which we replied, &quot;You didn't even tell us what the cab would look like or the number plate. How should we know which one is it?&quot; Generally, the employees there were very rude and unhelpful. I did not enjoy my stay at the hotel at all.	
Mar 7 2008 	Classic Hilton service nice location	You'll find everything you should expect from a Hilton. Great service, perfectly clean, and the location is excellent, a block from Chinatown and great restaurants, 4 blocks from a cable car stop. The only bad point is for parking. Valet parking is $47 a day, which is bordering on absurd. I parked the car myself in the same lot the second day for $25. They did charge me for 2 days of valet parking, but corrected the bill without any question. I didn't fond the rooms to be so small. Every room seems to have a great view. I had a great deal of $79 with Priceline, and that's unbeatable for SF.	
Mar 7 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location	I was very pleased with my stay, we booked two nights on december for the holidays, the hotel is very nice, the room is clean and beatiful, you have Chinatown in front, the Financial District on the side and two blocks fom the Italian District. The only thing I didn't like was that I didn't get the non smoking room requested. Try the fruit on the restaurant, the best and more delocious fruit I've ever tasted!	
Mar 7 2008 	Clean comfortable great view	We stayed in a deluxe king bay view on the 22nd floor. The room was on the smallish side, but was very cozy, comfortable and clean. The bed was crisp and inviting. Our view was spectacular: coit tower in front with the bay on either side. The bathroom was small and uninspiring, but adequate for a short stay. The shower had good water pressure and was a welcomed respite after a day or evening out in the city. Other posters had mentioned an issue with noise, even on the higher floors. We did hear a &quot;quiet&quot; hum of city noise in our room, although it was not bothersome in the least. The only annoyances were the occasional sirens and horns blaring in the streets below. For some reason, that type of sound traveled up very clearly and at times, like during the middle of the night, sounded as if they were right outside of our room. The lobby, except for the immediate entrance which had a couple of bright and airy seating areas, was modern but cold and uninviting. The front desk staff were fine, but not overly friendly. The concierge desk was friendly and well meaning but not highly knowledgable. Our most positive encounter with staff, however, was with a housekeeper that we passed in the hall next to our room as we were getting ready to check out. She greeted us so warmly that it left us with a very positive feeling. Overall we would certainly consider staying here again.	
Mar 3 2008	Great Hotel 	Got a good deal on priceline and really enjoyed my stay. The room was clean and furnishings seemed new and clean. Great location too...within walking distance of Union Sq. and the Embarcadero/Ferry Bldg. The hotel is practically in Chinatown, so you're near that and pretty close to North Beach (Little Italy) too. Only negative point might be the expensive parking. I ended up using a different lot that was cheaper and literally only a block away from the hotel. If you're feeling adventurous, you can also try and find overnight street parking, which is what I also did since I was only there for the weekend. Just be warned...read the signs CAREFULLY!!!!	
Feb 19 2008 	Great if you get a good deal	Paid 100 usd a night for a double through a hotwire deal, and were very happy with that. Great location, very nice lobby bar, and beautiful rooms with the best beds we've had away from home. Handy for parking. We didnt use many of the facilities.	
Feb 15 2008 	Nice but....	Nice lobby, full of business execs day and night though. Good, central location for shopping etc. Our room was about 10 minutes walk away from the lobby, which seemed a bit excessive, and very small. The bathroom was so small a toothbrush would barely sit on the tiny shelf! Small bed too (4 ft). I wouldn't recommend this for a couple at all, find somewhere with a bigger room and a less businessy vibe.	
Feb 11 2008 	Small room big fun	I felt like this hotel was inexpensive for a purportedly 4 * hotel in SF. We had a rate of $149 on a weekend. The room was totally adequate and I requested a view of Coit Tower and got it free of charge, even though they said they usually &quot;charge extra&quot; for that view. The room was small, very small compared to other hotels I've stayed at in SF, but the view was amazing. The Tv was old and outdated and not in any sort of armoire. It was sitting on a stand in the corner. The bathroom door was a slider that was on the outside of the room (not a pocket door) with a big gap, allowing virtually NO privacy. Something to be noted depending on who you're traveling with. Despite all that we had a great time. Chinatown and North Beach are within walking distance as is the Embarcadero. The lobby is nice with a great lounge and a decent restaurant. Across the street is a great park for kids with replica Chinatown buildings. It was a fine stay, but NOT fancy at all. Also, $50 parking!! Figure this in when deciding on a hotel. And I really don't think it merits 4*'s: inadequate bathroom door, no robes, no turn down, very small rooms, etc.	
Feb 4 2008	Better and $30 cheaper than the union square hilton	As title .. was exactly $30 cheaper than the hilton on union sq but arguably better, and its not long ago had a full refit (or so I was told)Bay view room on the 19th floor with a good view of alcatraz- room was immaculate as you would expect. Nice furnishings, quiet, and comfortable. Free Wi-Fi throughout the hotel which was fast enough.The beds are amazingly comfortable!Location is fine- ignore the financial district tag as its really not a big issue. If you want to go to union sq sort of area its a couple of bucks ride away- no more than a few minutes cab or a few mins drive.Its nice and central for most things in SF, but quiet enough at nite that you will get a decent nites sleep.Staff great, doorman helpful, and the hotel is as you would expect from a hilton.Dont park in the hotel lot (its $45!)- use the one across the st, or go 1 block up onto jackson st (turn right) and there is a good underground secured lot there which won't break the bank.Great irish bar (kels- see my seattle review for mention of their sister bar!) a block away on jackson, as well as a great burger place (whose name annoyingly escapes me..). Plenty of nightlife and restaurants not far away just a few blocks north of the hotel.Myself being a Hilton Hhonors gold card holder has its advantages... access to the exec lounge with complimentary continental breakfast saves a fair amount of cash over a stay- especially if you have more than one guest. Dont count on this unless you pay for an exec level room or have Hhonors status though!Will stay again without hesitation.	
Feb 3 2008	Fantastic Choice	Stayed here December - January for 8 nights. After arriving a day late due to airline delays and after commuincating this with a female manager regarding my delay, we arrived to what can only be described as a fantastic customer service experience. The said female manager had upgraded our Hilton net direct booking for a King room, to an amazing executice king on the top floor with a private balcony. The room was huge, comfortable and a killer view of the bay. The balcony was fantastic. The bed was extremely comfortable and the room itself was in immaculate condition. Maid service was also excellent. Executive room facilities were also great. The only things I was a bit disppointed with were, the buffet breakfast we had our first morning in the restaurant, way over priced for what you get, also the cocktail bar, there was a waitress who thought her job was not to serve the customers, but to stand and joke with friends and the bar tender for most of the time we spent there. Having said that these points were minor compared to the experience we had with the lady manager and the room we were given.Also the location is fantastic, you have North Beach (great italian), Chinatown and downtown right on your door step, fishermans wharf and Union Square all so close to walk to.I cannot say enough about how good this hotel was.	
Jan 22 2008 	Expectations Met for SFO	Spent weekend at hotel in very comfortable room - although hotel face-lift did not include replacing drafty windows which means the street noise can be heard. Downtown San Francisco is noisy at the best of times so the hotel really needs to invest in improving this feature to really shine. Room service was good and fast, although like everything else in the City, somewhat overpriced. The most disappointing aspect is the dingy room used as a Business Lounge - this is typical of many Hilton's in the US where this feature is not really taken seriously as compared to overseas Hilton properties. The hotel service was quite good though with front desk and concierge most pleasant. Overall good experience, but hotel is 7 dressed up as a 9.	
Jan 16 2008 	Very Nice Hotel	I stayed at this hotel in the spring of 2007 for nine nights while on business. The pictures and description from Trip Advisor were very accurate and the rooms were very nice. Overall the rooms were clean and the bed was very comfortable. I was given a bayview room which was great except for the fact that it was the room farthest from the elevators which meant that my window wasn't as large as the window in most of the other rooms - the view was a little obscured. I didn't eat in the hotel restaurant or patronize the bar, but both looked very stylish. The parking charges were expensive, but from what I gather that is the way things go in downtown SFO. The hotel staff members were very helpful and the valets always had a smile. The hotel was a short walk to Union Square with all the shopping a person could ever need. With this hotel you are also very close to the BART system, on the edge of Chinatown, and a quick cable car ride to Fisherman's Wharf. I would definitely recommend this hotel for business travellers and tourists who want good value for their hotel dollars. This was my first trip to San Francisco and I really enjoyed it.	
Jan 16 2008 	Great Location - Great Hotel	I wanted to stay at this hotel but reading the reviews ... I had a few doubts!!!! Now once again i see that people will complain about any old thing!!!! We enjoyed our stay so much in this hotel. The location is hard to beat ... it is very clean ... beds are great ... the facilities are upscale. The views on either side are wonderful. We had the city view and really enjoyed the lights at night. It is very safe and around the hotel has a good feeling. You walk right into China Town and you are steps away from the Embarcadero and Union Square.	
Jan 13 2008 	Cleaned Up it's Act!	We had to spend one night in San Francisco before heading north and I wasn't going to spend an arm and a leg on a pricey hotel room. I found a good rate at the Hilton in Chinatown and booked it. I knew this hotel, it was the former Holiday Inn Chinatown. This hotel had a lot of wear and tear when it was the Holiday Inn and I wasn't expecting anything. We just needed a room at a good price. My expectations were low.I was surprised at every step of the way. Hilton has spent a ton of money to upgrade this hotel and it showed. The hotel's architecture is 60's concrete and little can be done with the bland exterior. However the lobby has been redone and is urban chic. The front desk staff was friendly and helpful. It was late when we checked in and they gave us a tip of calling a great pizza place in North Beach and ordering a killer pizza, the pizza place delivers to the hotel. It was a tip that we took and did not regret - it was great!Our room was comfortable. We had a wonderful city view. The decor was modern and updated. The room was average sized, but had big comfortable beds and nice new furniture.I was only sad that we had to leave so early in the morning. I wasn't expecting much, but was nicely surprised at how nicely Hilton has redone this dump of a hotel. The staff also gets kudos here!	
Jan 11 2008 	Average	The welcoming was friendly, but after that the service was bad. Avoid the bar, the bartender is the rudest man I´ve ever met.	
Jan 11 2008 	Great Destination	I put a bid on Priceline for a 3 star hotel for 90.00 per nite. I didn't know where we were going to stay, but was happy to find our bid accepted by the Hilton Financial District. After reading many reviews, I wasn't sure of what to expect, but I am usually a little skeptical of really negative reviews.We were NOT disappointed! This hotel is a GREAT deal for that price! Was it perfect? No. But it IS a VERY nice place to stay! I would LOVE to stay there again for that price! The downside: The room is comfortable, but not overly roomy. It is however, well appointed with nice furniture, and a very nice bathroom, even if it isn't overly roomy. The bed was VERY comfortable, and we had NO problem getting a good nite's sleep. We were on the 6th floor, and there was no noise to speak of, and we were there on a Friday and Saturday nite. There is not a lot of room to store luggage. Parking is expensive. 50.00 a night for valet parking. You can park right across the street for 37.00 a nite, or you can go up Kearny one short block to Jackson, turn right, and and there is a nice parking garage there for only 24.00 per nite. You can drop your luggage off at the hotel entrance and then take your car to the garage on Jackson. Don't let the valet take it, or you may be charged!Other than that, we had no problems staying at this nice hotel. It is right across the street from Chinatown. 2 of the highest rated Chinese restaurants in San Francisco are barely a block away. The R &amp; G Lounge on Kearny, and the Hunan Home's Restaurant on Jackson. We ate at the Hunan Home's, and it was some of the BEST Chinese food we have ever had! The Honey Walnut Prawns are delicious!Another Highly rated Steakhouse is literally 50 feet from the entrance to the hotel. It's located on the side street (alley) to the right of the hotel entrance as you face it. It is called Alfred's Steakhouse, and has been in San Franciso since 1928. It is a classy place with mouthwatering steaks. The Porterhouse is 32 ounces! My wife and I split that with a couple side dishes, salad, and ended up each taking some steak home with us. This is NOT sizzler. But it IS worth the money! Reservations recommended. All in all, we were VERY happy to have stayed at the Hilton Financial District San Francisco, and would LOVE to stay there again!	
Jan 8 2008 	A Good Choice	A Good Choice!My wife and I stayed at the Hilton SF Financial District for 4 nights for a New Years getaway. Before our trip we poured over reviews of hotels in San Fran and decided that rather than spend a lot of money for a dumpy hotel at the Wharf or Union Square, we would rather get a nicer hotel for the same amount by selecting a place outside the tourist trap areas. It turned out to be a good decision!This hotel is on the edge of the financial district next to China Town and North Beach districts, and is a short walk to Union Square. A 5 minute walk down to the waterfront, jump on a trolley car, and couple minutes later your at Fishermans Wharf or Pier 39. The California Line Cable Car is a few short blocks away from the hotel. We had no problems getting anywhere in SF, its a very compact city. Ask for a Bayview Room, and request a high floor away from elevators. The rooms are not huge, but very comfortable, and the bay view will blow you away! Granted the windows are single pane and you can hear a bit of noise from the streets below, but we didn't find it to be a big deal. We had no issues with elevators, and the staff were very accomdating. During our stay we took a look at some of the other hotels we could have chosen, and to be honest, I think we made a good choice. Some of the hotels in the Union Square district are on the edge of the Tenderloin District (a very sketchy part of the city) and not a good idea to walk around late at night. And while hotels near Fishermans Wharf are very convenient to the tourist traps, there is more to see in SF than the tourist traps. If I had to find fault with this hotel, it was that we asked for a high floor when reserving, but had to insist on it when we checked in late (midnight) and they had us down for a 9th floor room, we asked for the higher room, and ended up with the 17th floor. And don't let the door men talk you into taking a town car to the airport when you check out, our cab to SF International was $36 and the town car was willing to come down to $50. We did not eat at the hotel as it seemed pricy, but the area is surrounded by incredible restaraunts for lunch and dinner, for breakfast try Mamma's in North Beach, its a short walk. Union Square is less than a 10 minute walk down Kearny St to Market St.Tip: Purchase a Muni-Pass either at the airport information booth, or at the Cable Car ticket booths, it gives you unlimited rides on Cable Cars, buses, Trolley Cars etc. for your stay. We were not driving, but be warned parking in SF is a nightmare and expensive.We loved SF and would stay at this hotel again.	
Jan 6 2008 	Great Location Great View	My wife and I had an enjoyable 3 nights between Christmas and New Years. Our 14th floor view of Telegraph Hill and the Bay was wonderful. There were times we couldn't see the Coit Tower for the fog, but it was allways magical. We had a meal and a breakfast in the restaurant and both were excellent. We had the same waiter both times, and he was very friendly but didnt intrude. I think some of the negative reviews that have been posted have been from priceline-type guests who may not get rooms very high up or bayside. The single-pane windows do let in a bit of street noise, but complete silence wouldn't be right either. SF is a city!Another nice feature is a pedestrian bridge directly from the hotel to a major park in Chinatown. The hotel is at the very western edge of the financial district and is the nearest big hotel to Chinatown, with its narrow, crowded sidewalks and perhaps the best people-watching in the city.One other thing, we have Hiltion Honors membership, and that may account for our good room location.	
Jan 3 2008 	Very Average	Parking is offensively expensive! $48.00 per night vs. $26.00 across the street. The location was bellow average. It is in the heart of Chinatown, a car ride to everything a vacationing family would like to see (Fisherman's Wharf, Union Square, Shopping, non Chinese food etc....) No cotts or roll away beds available in the double room. Room itself was nice, clean and comfortable.	
Jan 3 2008 	4 night Stay	I stayed here on a 4 nights break from england and chose the hotel because i got a great deal through orbitz and wanted to stay central with a hotel brand. Union sq shopping wasnt my thing but it took 10-15 mins walk. The hotel is next to friscos landmark building the Transamerica pyramid which you cant appreciate until you view it from a distance. Chinatown in next door up a hill, broadway and the many adult clubs are like 2 minutes walk away ;)The hotel itself was clean as hilton standards expect, staff were always helpful giving directions etc. I got a 'bay view' room which was awesome, if i hadnt then i would have been faicing a building and oit would have been bland so request bay view. Room was spacious, had the usual amenities, bathroom was very nice and modern, shower great.Ididnt eat in the hotel but had a few late beers and the bar staff were nice and liked to flirt, expecially the women! Its a bit of a trek to fishermans wharf but an enjoyable walk. took 20 minutes to walk to pier 33 for the alcatraz ferry. use taxis if you must but you wont get the frisco experiance. I would stay here again definately as its far away from the castro area if you get my drift!	
Dec 28 2007 	Terrible Hotel	hotel service is terrible. no housekeeping provide and we have to use old bed sheet that we used the day before. Try not to stay in this hotel. only 2 star or less terrible terrible teriible.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................	
Dec 28 2007 	Perfect central location-better than avg hotel	I stayed at this hotel at the end of October and would suggest it to others because of its location and value. We walked everywhere from this hotel and thought it was perfect for its central location. We did not eat at the restaurant but stopped in the bar a few nights which was quite nice with very good bartenders. On the downside, and its been mentioned in other reviews, the elevators are very slow during peak times and the walls are paper thin. The shower in the room next door sounds like its in your room. The room size is very good and the amenities are average. The bay view rooms are beautiful.	
Dec 24 2007 	Great hotel and value!	I recently stayed at this hotel in the financial district. Usually, when I go to San Francisco, I stay in Union Square, but I was looking for some last minute weekend deals and decided to try out this area. This is the second time I stayed in this area of the city.The hotel is very nice - the rooms are nice and modern, and a bit cozy. But this is San Francisco - which, much like Chicago and New York, the rooms can be small. But the amenities were top notch, and the free internet access was a bonus. The only things I noticed were that the elevators are slow on the way down - especially during the core check out hours. And the bar staff couldn't be bothered with a few questions. Other than that, it was a decent location. A couple of blocks from Embarcadero Center, it's about a 10-15 minute walk to Union Square, right next to the Transamerica building. I stayed on a weekend, so the streets weren't as busy as it probably is during the week. One plus was that since it was a Saturday night stay, I was able to park on the street. I heard that hotel parking is $48, but I paid $3/hour on the street and then after 6pm, the meters are free, as well as all day Sunday. I would stay here if you don't mind walking and looking for a little more value and comfort. I wouldn't stay here if walking isn't something you're looking to do much of. It gets pretty scarce later at night on the streets between Union Square and the hotel, but there always seems to be someoone walking by. I had no issues walking home at 2 in the morning. I recently discovered this area as a cheaper alternative to Union Square the week before and stayed at another close by property as well.	
Dec 16 2007 	Great hotel!	Was pleasantly surprised when Hotwire assigned us to this hotel. Paid ~$120 in total, and it was worth every penny.The location is excellent. North beach, Chinatown and the financial district are literally a few blocks away. The BART is a bit of a walk, but you're in San Francisco...it's what you do. We flew there, so we didn't have to deal with the parking. But I would recommend that you not use the valet if you are interested in saving money. There are a couple of lots down the street for a fraction of the cost, and they are not hard to find. I have read reviews about the noise and the thin walls...and the neighbor next door was a bit obnoxious. But if he wasn't yelling at someone at the top of his lungs, we probably would have never heard him.The decor of the hotel was awesome. Very modern, bright and clean. Did not eat at the hotel, so can't comment on room service or the restaurants in the hotel. The room had a city view (did I mention I only paid $120 ;-)), and it was clean, comfortable and roomy. The bed was super comfy. The service was great. Check in was a breeze, and every hotel employee I talked to during the stay was personable and more than willing to help out.Overall, the experience was great.	
Dec 11 2007 	So-so hotel	We spent 3 nights in this hotel. The front desk didn't inform us when we checked-in regarding using the card in the elevator. Parking was too expansive ($48 per night) and quite dissappointed with the continental breakfast. There wasn't even hot breakfast!!! When we present the frontdesk our confirmation # to check in, they insisted that we need to print out a copy??? Not impressed by the hotel, it's just a so-so hotel. Only convenient is walking to Chinatown for better food.	
Dec 10 2007 	Loved this Hilton!	Despite some of the scary reviews, my finace and I loved this hotel! The location was ideal, the rooms were clean, and the view was very nice!The location is great. You about a 2 minute walk from Chinatown, a 5 minute walk from North Beach (all the Italian places) and a 15 minute walk from Union Square.The ONLY thing that wasn't great is the fact that we couldn't get a room with one king bed, we got two doubles, but that's a chance you take when booking through priceline.The view was great! We were on the 21st floor, and could see the entire city beneath us.The concierge was VERY helpful. He always had good reccomendations when we asked where to go, and mapped out everythign with detail! He was fabulous.The staff was actually pretty nice. They get busy, but try their best to accomadate you.Cute coffe place inside too for morning cofee and pastries!We'll be staying here again!	
Dec 9 2007 	Excellent location excellent hotel	- Excellent location. Right across the street from Chinatown, so it is convenient to go for good cheap food.- The rooms are in very good order. The hotel has free WiFi.- The staff are professional, competent and friendly.	
Dec 3 2007 	3-Star at Most. Avoid it if You Can!	I booked for a one night stay through Hotwire, thinking I would get Hyatt Regency, and was disappointed to see Hilton Finacial District showing up. I knew it is in an old concrete building that used to be Holiday Inn, but what could I do? Hotwire surprised me by zoning it into Embarcadero rather than Union Square East!Anyhow, I checked in on Sat, Dec 1 at 4pm, and was told right away by Monica, a dark-skinned lady at front desk, that she only has rooms with 2 double-beds available, and upgrading to a bay-view room with King-szie bed would cost $50 more. With my wife standing right beside me, I had to take it even though I knew it was a rip-off (I paid only $85 to Hotwire). The room was kind of small, but has a great view facing Coit Tower and the bay. The bed is comfortable as others suggested. But everything else is below my standard of a 4-star hotel. The bath room is really small with a single sink. The tub is small. The recent face-lift was done with poor quality and cheap material. And 25-inch TV?Even worse, it is noisy even at 18th floor. There was some constant noise there even when I turned off my heater/AC. The building has poor sound insulation, so I was waken up real early in the morning first by shower in the next room and then vacume on the floor above.All in all, this is a 2.5 star in my opinion! This is my first time staying in a Hilton in the US, and I will never do it again. And I guess no more Hotwire either.	
Dec 2 2007	Pros did not outweigh cons	My husband and I planned a one-night getaway to San Francisco for our first time ever overnight away from our two young kids. We decided to be spontaneous and book a hotel through Hotwire - got a great deal on this Hilton ($85) and decided that it whatever happened, we would enjoy ourselves because we could actually get a good night's sleep! Well...we didn't. At around 12:30 am, we were awakened from VERY LOUD people on BOTH sides of our room (both the rooms on either side of our room). We called hotel services and they claimed that they would send up security to deal with it. Not sure if they ever did, because the noise continued intermittently until 2 am!!! We were extremely sad about this turn of events.On the pro side, the bed was very comfortable and the view was great.Beware: the $46 valet parking fee applies even if you want to park and drop off your bags. We parked out in front, told the vaelt that we would be back as soon as we checked in, and they still tried to charge us $46 for 20 minutes!!!Overall, we would not stay here again.	
Nov 28 2007 	Superb views (and modern furnishings!)	This was a wonderful experience. A pal helped me book and got me a room for $90. Even if it had been $200, I'd still give this place great marks. First, the place was truly modernized and had really fresh, design-y furniture, bedding, accessories. Second, my view - I think I was in the 20-something floors - was magnificent. I had a beautiful wide view of the north side of the city, including North Beach, Golden Gate Bridge, etc. Just wonderful to wake up to. My main complaint is the high cost of parking - $42 for valet or self-parking. That's downtown SF for you. I found my own lot - there's one just across the street - and paid a bit less.	
Nov 14 2007 	Outstanding	This was my second stay at this Hotel in 2 months. We returned because we enjoyed it so much the first time. The view is wonderful from the Bay side. The executive lounge breakfast is very satisfactory (no omlettes or waffles/pancakes but hey, you shouldn't eat those anyway). They have yogurt, cereal, cottage cheese, toasters and an asortment of breads and muffins, and bagels, two types of juice, coffee, tea, water, fresh fruit.We like this particular location for the proximity to North Beach, and China Town, and also only a 15 minute walk to Union Square. I would not pay rack rate but if you get it thru priceline or using Hilton Points you will most likely be very happy with your choice. The front desk, bell desk, and valet staff are very helpful.You don't have to pay the $46 a day for valet parking. Continue down Kearny past the hotel one block and turn right, there is a parking garage there. Also the parking garage across the street at Portsmouth Square is less expensive. But $46 per day for valet parking is the going rate if you have any hotel park your car in San Francisco.	
Nov 12 2007 	Good for the price we paid with hotwire! Wouldn't pay much more!	We got our hotel room via hotwire for the price of $110.00. I really would not pay much more than that. Check-in was very slow, and the front desk staff seemed a bit apathetic. The valet seemed a bit unprofessional and seemed a bit rude when we decided we didn't want to pay the ridiculous price of $46 dollars for valet (we parked across the street)The room and bathroom were really nice and modern, which I like about the Hilton chain. Our room had a nice view as well. The hotel is in a great location for doing the touristy things and is very close to North Beach, which is great to get some delicious italian. We pretty much stayed in our room that night because we got in late (we flew in from barcelona) and we enjoyed the comfy bed and a/c which we hadn't had in 6 weeks (we had gone backpacking in Asia/Europe/Africa_.There are far better hotels in San Francisco with better customer service and more reasonable parking fees. As we said before, we got hilton on hotwire last minute and we really would not have paid much more.	
Nov 8 2007	Loved the location decent room	Won the room via Priceline for $150-ish/night + taxes. Agree w/previous poster that is was average to above average for the price, but wouldn't have been thrilled had I paid rack rate (which was an astounding $429/night). The room was nice, we liked the built-in desk area that filled the whole bottom half of the window - served as a make-up area, bar, storage place, etc. We found the beds to be VERY comfortable.No waits for the elevators, very friendly other guests - chatting us up about the ASN conference, a run along the wharf, etc. Lobby staff was fine, but we had no one offer to help us with bags on the way in (12:30 a.m., but staff was standing around) and the bellman we checked our bags with on the last day (we had a red-eye flight home) basically begged for a tip &quot;I won't be here when you return, but I will take care of your bags&quot;. The shower was very short but decent water pressure. The sliding door to the bathrooom was slightly odd and if someone got up to use the facilities during the night, the light was VERY bright through the opaque glass for the rest of us!For the price and location (we walked everywhere except for a ride back on the cable car one time) we would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 7 2007 	good stay at the hilton	The Hilton SF Financial District was a good hotel to stay at for a weekend. I am glad I booked w/ Priceline because having to pay over $200 per night would not have been worth it. The doormen/valet service is great and they are always willing to get you a cab. Parking w/the hotel is way too expensive! The rooms were comfortable, but we didn't get a king size bed as requested. Instead we got two doubles w/ a great view of Coit tower that we enjoyed so it wasn't a bad compromise! The beds are not as comfortable as you would expect, for being called &quot;Serenity Beds&quot;. Location is great, a few blocks from North Beach, Little Italy. Be sure to hit up Trattoria Pinocchio on Colombus for the best Italian food in the city! I will stay at this hotel again, but only with a deal from priceline.	
Nov 6 2007 	No problems	Stayed 2 nights for combined business/family getaway (with 2 preteens). I have read the reviews here and knew that while some love the property, there were also problems reported. I am happy to report that we had no significant problems. I did have to think long and hard about the rating here, though. It ranged between &quot;average&quot; to &quot;above average&quot;. I did have a generally favorable experience overall. If, however, I had paid the &quot;rack rate&quot;, I think I would have been less happy. For the location, the general price and other flavor seemed in line with what I would expect with similar properties in the area. Personally, I usually choose a different type of property (we like a fridge and microwave - neither of which are standard in these rooms), but this hotel suited our needs well-enough for this trip.The room was booked online via the hotel website, with a AAA discount. This process is extremely easy. By booking with the hotel (rather than a &quot;blind site&quot; such as Priceline), I did get the Bay view, &quot;concierge level&quot; floor with lounge access. This also helped make for a pleasant stay as we could get breakfast in the morning, and appetizers in the evening (approximate hours 6-10am-ish and 5-9pm-ish, I think). Selections were actually fairly good. Bar service in the concierge lounge was available for an additional fee. Frankly, though there were multiple complaints previously listed here re: the speed of the elevators, I thought they were great. In fact, on a few occasions, I wanted to look out of the window at the view from a different vantage point than my room (window by the elevator), and the elevator arrived too quickly. The slot where you have to swipe your room key for the elevator to take you to (certain?) floors is too small, and takes a fair amount of finesse to work smoothly. Perhaps this is part of the delay others have mentioned. Check in was very quick (arrived around 6-7pm). Staff was nice, but the first try resulted in no access to the concierge lounge. A quick return trip to the lobby was all it took to resolve it. Check out also no problem with final bill provided under the door in a timely manner. Room was clean. Bathroom very small, with bathtubs noticeably small/short. The sliding door on the bathroom didn't close very tightly, making privacy a potential issue if several are staying in the room. Flat screen TV was nice, but couldn't figure out how to hook up a DVD player (and we usually have no problem with this). Beds were &quot;full&quot; size, but comfortable. The bay view from the 24th floor was good (I wouldn't say &quot;astounding&quot;, but good). It was an easy walk down Kearney or Montgomery to California St. to catch the cable cars (be aware can be packed at certain times of the day). The rest of the family also used the bus system one day. Be aware many of the streets are one-way as you figure where the buses go. We also had a rental car which we were very happy parking across the street (literally ACROSS the street) in the Portsmouth Square garage. Their rate at $26/day is substantially better than the Hilton, but you don't get in/out privileges. For us, this was absolutely fine - may not be best for everyone if you plan to come and go often. The other garage has a website you can Google for info.While I am not eagerly planning my next trip here, we would be willing to stay here again if circumstances were similar.	
Nov 6 2007 	Good solid business hotel	Stayed at the new Hilton San Francisco in the China Town/Financial District for business. I enjoyed the stay and the staff I found to be friendly and engaging. The rooms were light and airy - but the furniture seemed to be a little cheap (not Hilton standard). For the price and location I'd stay again.	
Nov 2 2007 	Absolutely Fine with the best Concierge	This was the first hotel I stayed in San Francisco, and my experience was very positive. We arrived and the door staff took our cases, the check-in process was fine and they were happy to upgrade me as my travel agent had made a mistake. The room was clean and adequate. There is free wireless in all the rooms, which is an added bonus. The hotel is located on the doorstep of the Chinese quarter and this was great for getting Chinese food and it is a short walk to the shopping district. The hotel is not served very well by public transport.As it was our first visit to San Francisco, we approached the concierge who had to be the most helpful man I ever met. He provided some great anecdotes about his various stays around the world. He spent almost half an hour guiding us through the map of San Francisco. You have to ask him about the 'NO' area. He really made our stay.The decor of the hotel is very pleasant and the bar is very atmospheric in the evenings.	
Oct 29 2007 	Some helpful hints (I hope...)	Based on previous reviews, it just so happens my experience allows me to give you some tips. I will write this review accordingly.Location: You are about 5 blocks away from anything a tourist would want. But, once you walk those 5 blocks you are at the edge of the tourist areas, market st, etc. so you'll have to keep on walking after that. The area directly around the hotel is not pretty but it didn't feel unsafe. Know that the first few minutes walk after you get out of the hotel there is basically nothing. The Montgomery BART/MUNI station is about a 10 minute walk, Montgomery St. is behind the hotel and it's a much nicer atmosphere to walk through. Having been to SF many times, the only reason I stayed at this location was the confluence of 3 conventions that weekend making hotels unavailable and expensive, I got this place Priceline cheap.The lobby is nice and I also experienced the disorganized check in process others have written about. After getting to my room, I was not happy with it and the guest service line went unanswered for 10 minutes, so I went downstairs and cut a very long line as I had already waited on one to check in.The odd # rooms all face the bay while the even # ones face the Union Square area of SF. I was first given an -01 room which had beautiful bay windows with an expansive view of the water. It was a cozy handicapped room with a spacious bathroom and a wardrobe but no closet. It is right next to the soda/ice machine and the elevators. Not all -01 rooms are handicapped but I imagine they are all the same size. I can't vouch for noise because I was only in it for 15 minutes in the morning. The only thing wrong with it was the handicapped shower head was too low for my 6'1 height and was not going any higher. I was not in the mood for kabuki showers. Note that the shower head in my next room was not much higher, if you are over 5 feet you'll be bending over/leaning back to wash your hair in this property!I switched to a -25 room which after entering tucked into a corner of the building. The view was still of the bay but the windows much smaller. It had a closet and a large chest. The desk area in the corner was great, with shelves underneath and a TV that since it was not in an armoire was easily adjustable to be seen from anywhere in the room. The room, like the -01 room was slightly smaller than the other rooms I passed by but I think the fact that -25 is sequestered away from the room next to it makes it ideal if you like quiet. The only negative is that it's right next to the housekeeping closets so at 5pm and 9 am you hear the constant open/close of the doors as they prepare to work.My bathroom was small but completely adequate. Bed was comfortable, rooms were very clean. I really enjoyed my cozy room but if you stay here be prepared!	
Oct 23 2007 	Not what I expected for a Hilton	Not what i expected from the Hilton we had just arrived for our 4 week holiday to the US and our first stop was San Fransisco, we arrived at the Hilton myself, husband and 2 small children only to be looked at by the doorman as we struggled to get all of our luggage out of our transportation the get our own trolley to load up and take to reception with no offer of help. then waited for 10 Min's to be checked in as the staff were busy having a chat among themselves, so i was very disappointed with the service especially from a country that relies on tips for showing good customer service, the room was ok nothing fancy and the location had nothing around it except for businesses so not much on offer close by.	
Oct 20 2007 	Valet left the car sitting on the street - burglarized declined comp	I checked into the Hilton Financial District around 10:00 PM after a long drive and handed the car over to the valet to be parked. I then checked into my room, which had nice views and was well appointed. Waking up the next morning, I was slightly shocked to find the valet parking charge to be $46, which easily qualifies as the highest valetcharge I ever paid, but so what. Then, I called valet to have them prepare my car, and they couldnt seem to find my valet number. They told me not to worry, they will manage. So I made my way down, check out and step in front of the hotel to pick up my car, only to find mycar still sitting on the exact spot where I turned it over to the valet the night before, right on the sidewalk, with the passenger window smashed and some personal items stolen. So, I paid $46 for valet, who did not park my car in the parking structure where it would have been reasonably safe, but left it our sitting on the sidewalk well visible to any passerby, and was not even informed of the crime until I walked right up to my car. Now this is where the bad part begins: The Hilton disclaimed any responsibility because Valet is operated by ACE parking, a seperate company. ACE parking does explicitly and on the valet ticket disclaim any responsibility for damage to the car - one of these clauses you always encounter andask yourself: So what if this guy totals my car ? - Apparently, this disclaimer even covers the situation in which valet severly screws up and simply leaves the car sitting on the sidewalk for $46.	
Oct 19 2007 	Very unimpressive hotel	The hotel looks nice, but that's where the plesant experience ends. The staff are unexceptional, there is no fridge in the room. How can a hotel be four stars without a fridge in room? The rooms were otherwise tiny, valet parking is 42 dollars a night!! 4 stars is not an appropriate rating for this place, 3 star is more appropriate.	
Oct 18 2007	Build more lifts!	Spent 5 days here after work booked it for 389 a night. No minibar, fridge, swimming pool or decent room service. Also agree about lifts, feel like spent most of my stay in a lift.	
Oct 18 2007 	Nice hotel but noisy	The hotel is in a great location within walking distance of North Beach, Chinatown and the downtown area. The rooms are well equipped and comfortable and the facilities in the hotel are good. However, there is a big problem with noise in this hotel as reffered to by another reviewer. The walls are paper thin and I was woken at various stages of my 4-night stay by the rooms on both sides. On two occassions I needed to call the front desk and while they did send somebody up their reaction was such that it seemed that it occurred regularly. Certainly if I were a business traveller (which a lot of the guests appeared to be) I would not want to stay here due to the noise. In addition there is a lot of street noise. While the area outside is safe there appeared to be trouble at one bar directly underneath my room where the police had to be called. In total, I got one uninterrupted night's sleep here in four nights and for that reason I would recommend staying elsewhere.	
Oct 9 2007 	Nice	Stayed for ten nights. The hotel is very clean and newly refurnished. The rooms are quite big. There are no minibars in the rooms, but there are coffee making facilities. There is an icemaker on every floor. The gym was quite small but modern. I personally like staying in a hotel that is not in the middle of union square. Besides the walk to union square is only ten minutes. I wouldn't stay here again because I need a minbar.	
Oct 5 2007 	Great hotel Great location	My friends and I stayed in this hotel for the 2nd half of our stay in SF. We were able to get a great deal from priceline for our rooms at $85 + tax.The check in was very fast, and the clerk was very friendly and professional. He was able to give us our request for 2 adjoining rooms with 2 beds each. Our rooms were on the 20th floor and had a great view of the city skyline when we walked into our rooms after dark. The beds were extremely comfortable, and the room was really spacious for what I'm use to in a downtown hotel.Good location to Market Street shopping, Chinatown, Little Italy and other things in the area. Easy access to and from the airport by way of the BART on Market Street. About a 10 block walk to the Bart, and then $5.15 to the airport (30 minute train time).	
Oct 4 2007	So Comfortable	We stayed at the Hilton in September 2007 for 5 nights and found the Club room we stayed in to be very comfortable, clean and quiet. The only problem was we coudnt get a room until 3:15. I realize check in is a 3pm but after sitting on a plane for 13 hours it would be nice to get your room after 1:30pm when you arrive. Apart from that we found everyhtihing else very satisfactory and the staff courteous and helpful. Would definitely stay there anytime..	
Oct 1 2007 	Nice Hotel Nice Price	Got the hotel through priceline at 70 a night. We checked in at 2 without a problem. there was no snotty attitude because we booked on priceline. The only thing that was odd when we checked in is that no one offered to take our bags to the room which wasn't a big deal but I am used to being asked. The hotel is within walking distance of North Beach and right by China Town. Parking was really expensive it was 45. we were on the 12th floor and I did not find the street noise to be a problem like some other people did and we slept with our windows open.Overall a very good experience and I would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 25 2007 	Stay away-far away!!	We booked our room thru Priceline and paid $90. We checked in at 2:15 and they did not have a room for the us and reminded us 3 times that we used priceline. They didn't have a room for us but thay did for the other 20 people checking in- behind us!! We were told to wait a couple hours even though check -in was at 3:00. When I went to get our room an hour and half later , without my husband. I was told I couldn't checkin with out him. The person helping me had told us to come back and he knew my husband had a meeting. Any how long story of bad customer service. We talked with front hotel manager and everyone had the same story-blah, blah, blah. They say bad service starts from the top and it really does at this hotel. Our A/C stopped working 2 times. Our phone didn't work and problem with shower drain.  I would never recommend any one to stay here! Why would you? Read the reviews and look elsewhere! There are sooo many great hotels in San Francisco ! Don't waste you time or money. The hotel is old. Location so-so. The service awful. I would recommend priceline but not in this area.	
Sep 18 2007 	Satisfactory and reasonably priced	I found the staff exceptionally polite and helpful. Check-in, even 3 hours early, was a breeze (OTOH, the check-out button on the room phone wasn't working, but it was a minor annoyance). While I didn't much care for the furnishings/color schemes in the rooms or corridors, everything was comfortable, immaculately maintained, and professionally managed. There seem to be lots of meetings and conferences here. While I can see how this might strain property resources as other reviews have mentioned, during my stay, everything was well run. A few minor quibbles: as others have mentioned, there is a high level of neighborhood/external noise .. bring earplugs. The elevators can be slow and quite crowded during peak hours. While the property is technically &quot;central,&quot; it's far enough away from Union Square/cable cars/Market St that some travelers (elderly, or with small children) might find the walk more than they bargained for. Others will have no problem, and SFO is nothing if not a walking city. Overall, a reliable choice for the leisure or business traveler, especially when discount rates are available through one of the online services (&lt;$100/night is a bargain for *any* &gt;3star San Francisco hotel).	
Sep 18 2007 	Poor Value for Money	I attended a conference here in September 2007 and stayed for five nights. The hotel is well situated for Chinatown, Union Square shopping and restuarants. The Embarcadero and Fishermans Warf are within a 20 minute walk. I found the staff helpful and pleasant. The Hilton has just undergone a major refit: The beds and bedding are extremely comfortable and the wireless email works fine. The bathrooms are compact but tidily decorated. Unfortunately, the walls are extremely thin, so I could hear phone calls, waking alarms and general discussions in the rooms either side of me (despite my wife telling me that I am deaf most of the time!). I am reasonably well-travelled so feel able to say that this hotel did not meet my expectations of a four star hotel for which one is paying a premium - $329/night.Disappointing.	
Sep 17 2007 	Ew.	This is definitely not a four star hotel. Our shower didn't work, the TV broke during our stay and just getting an elevator to your floor was a huge hassle. After calls to the front desk, the first two problems were eventually fixed. But the customer service did not go any farther than that. My companion actually had one hotel representative be down-right rude.	
Sep 14 2007 	Great Location/Noise is a problem	We stayed here for 7 nights and were very happy with our stay. Booked through priceline for $85/night. Room was clean if just a little bit small. The location is great; within walking distance to a lot of the city's attractions. Columbus Ave. is just a couple blocks away with a lot of great italian restaurants and you can walk all the way down this street to Fisherman's wharf(though this is a bit of a long walk). We were on the 10th floor and street noise is very noticeable; especially the trash truck at 5am! But we are heavy sleepers and didn't bother us too bad. Does seem to attract a young/party crowd on the weekends as the weekend we left the hotel seemed to be full of frat brothers on a reunion.Weekend concierge was very unhelpful and rude but the head concierge was very nice and was very helpful with car reservations.Overall we would use this hotel again if booked through priceline. I would have been disappointed if paying full price.	
Sep 11 2007	Very veryvery poor service and average hotel...	There are really only two positive things I can say about this hotel:* The concierge was polite and helpful;* The rate through Priceline ($100 / £50 p.night) was reasonableAm sorry to say that everything else from start to finish of our 3 day stay (and the aftermath) was poor. Specifically:a) Despite three phone calls prior to arrival the Hotel refused to book us a king room (and/or bay view room), saying that we had to ask on arrivalb) On check-in the clerk said there were no king rooms, no bay view rooms and no rooms above the 5th floor. Thanks!c) On arriving at our 'full-size' room we discovered: One of the 'phones did not work, the bath plug did not work, and it was noisy. The 'wireless internet' did not work in the room as the signal was so weak;d) The 'city-view' room had no double glazing (in the 21st century? really?) and so was highly susceiptible to street noise;e) As many have said, the elevators were so slow that queues of literally 10 - 15 people (most of whom appeared to be college students who were the worst for wear) regularly gathered in reception waiting just to get to their rooms;f) On our last night (a Sunday) we needed to get an early night (ie. 10:00pm) prior to a 6:00AM flight the next day. On returning to our room we found that the noise from the karaoke in the conference room TWO FLOORS below was so loud that there was no hope of getting to sleep. After 40 minutes complaining (having tried to ring reception for 15 minutes without success, the phone having been apparently off the hook) and then having to take the emergency stairs because the lifts were so slow, we were told that the noise would stop at 11:30 as security had been notified; My partner stressed to reception that we did not want to return to our room to find that the noise had not abated because it would take so long to contact reception again.Having got back to our room, we discovered the noise was as bad as ever.After a further 20 mins on the phone, we were told the hotel could do nothing about it as the party had permission to continue until midnight. We were told there were no rooms elsewhere in the hotel to which to move.On continuing to compain we were eventually put through to a Mr. Mark Everton (the general manager) who magically discovered a new room on the 11th floor and who offered us the grand sum of $50 in cash incompensation to pay for our taxi to the airport the next morning. By this time it was 12:30 am....g) Unbelievably, on checking out at 6:00am we discovered the Hilton had had the gall to charge the $50 to our room. Having wasted a further 15 mins explaining the situation to the desk clerk he issued us with a credit note but no apology.h) On returning to the UK we discovered the Hilton had charged us the $50 and not honoured the credit note.A FAX to Mr. Everton yielded no results and a follow-up phone call (at our expense!!!!) failed to prompt an apology.To date we are yet to receive the credit.......	
Sep 10 2007 	Service counts	The hotel looks great on the surface. It's clean (unlike some other reviewers mention), modern, and renovated. But once you settle in you'll fine many little annoyances. To mention few: the bathroom outlet had no power, the toilet flush did not work properly, the coffee maker was broken etc. None are a big deal but for a 4 star, recently renovated hotel, you would expect more. The most important problem with the building itself is that there is no sound proofing. The windows' glass is so thin, it was as if we had left the windows open. We heard every little street sound. And it is a very noisy area. So if you are sensetive to city noise during sleep, don't even consider it there. There was some noise from adjacent rooms, but the street noise overshadowed that anyway. The beds were nice. The shower was great. The rooms was amall. But the main problem we had was the service. We checked in late but were told that the houskeeping was running behind and our room was not ready. In addition, we had requested a king bed and they said there are only rooms with double beds available if any. When asked for upgrades to something which is ready, they said nothing available. After we finally got a room, my wife was diappointed with the view, so she called and asked if we could at least get a bay view out of courtesy since they did not have king bed we had requested. They said since we made our reservation online, we are the &quot;lowest&quot; priority and will not be able to get anything better than what our current room was. That I found too blunt for customer servie in a 4 start hotel. Just a final note, they had added a $20 dollar room serive on the checkout bill, when I inquire about this (couple times on the phones which they said will look into and call back but never did and finally in person), they said they could not find any receipts for it and waived it. A very curious incident!...	
Sep 7 2007 	This place is hazardous to your health!	This place is filthy! Empty wine and alcohol bottles were found on top of the closet, a used condom between the bed and wall. I asked to change rooms and was told none were available. At least they sent a maid to clean up. The closet door fell off with huge screws exposed - I could have seriously cut myself. I called the front desk to have them fix it the next day, they never fixed it! When I called the second day to request another room, I was told the same thing. They did not even offer to upgrade me. DO NOT STAY HERE! So so service, the place is falling apart, and the staff does NOT care about you or your safety.	
Sep 6 2007 	An Amazing View Great Location and Fantastic People!	We stayed for two nights at the Hilton on the end of our 10 day visit to California. First of all, the location is pefect. You are on the edge of Chinatown and North Beach. Fisherman's Wharf is a 15-20 minute walk and you can get to downtown easily. We loved the room we had due to the modern furnishings and the amazing view of the skyline of the city. Simply beautiful..the view is worth it..especially from an upper floor.Also, I was impressed with the staff. The guys at the front bellstand/consierge were always willing to help us find out how to get where we wanted to go. Very friendly and extremely helpful...I can't praise them enough.We never ate anything at the hotel (except a few sweet rolls one morning) and it lacks a pool or hot tub or even an exercise room. So a mark down for that, but otherwise this is a great place to stay in San Francisco.	
Sep 6 2007 	Hilton Financial Disctrict - Great Location!	We stayed 7 nights (8/29-9/5/07) and got the room through Priceline for $85.00 per night. Priceline considers this hotel “Financial District”, though one may argue it is in Chinatown. Really I think the Hilton refers to it as being in the Financial District, so Priceline does as well. Either way, it is in a great location. We did not have a car, so I cannot comment on parking/driving, although it is expensive. I feel the location makes up for needing a car – my husband and I walked everywhere. The hotel offers a shuttle to and from the airport, $26.00 per person (plus tip). We did this going from the hotel, and a cab cost $60.00 to the hotel from the airport. Pros:Great location! On the cusp of Chinatown, in walking distance to North Beach &amp; Union Square. Fantastic views! We were given a room with a view of the bay and Coit Tower. I know with Priceline you cannot guarantee this – but we were lucky. If you book your room the old fashioned way, be sure to ask for this side of the hotel. Well worth it! Room décor was trendy and modern. In general very clean. ConsLow water pressure in shower and toilet. Small spots of mold in bathroom. Ceiling had peeling pant near window. SLOW elevators. You have to use your room key in the elevator to get to your floor. We stayed for 7 nights and the hotel held $1050 on our credit card for incidentals. We called the front desk and had this amount lowered to $400.00, but it was a struggle. Loud, but the city is loud in general. You can hear people in the hall, but then you hear car alarms and cars/trucks/people outside too. I think it will be loud no matter where you stay in the city. Overall, none of the “cons” are enough to keep us from coming back. When bidding for a room through Priceline (and paying under $100.00 per night), we realize we are not going to get the most premium room in the hotel. This hotel met my expectations and I would recommend it to others.	
Sep 2 2007 	Book a high floor	we stayed here long time ago but, I hope my review is useful anyway. The location is very good, pretty central, I would say 10-15 minutes walking from market street, Union sq, embarcadero, good restaurants, so location is OK. We booked a high floor with views to the bay and Alcatraz and this was fantastic. I think we paid I paid about 120 USD and, for this price, is very, very good.	
Aug 30 2007	very central	Very good service and very good rooms	
Aug 28 2007 	Wonderful Hotel	We stayed for two nights at the Hilton last week. The location is outstanding with Chinatown starting on the opposite side of the street. The hotel is an excellent base to hit Chinatown againa nd again without having to worry about parking. (The excellent Wok Wiz Chinatown we went on tour also starts in the Hilton lobby). A good tip I heard about is that the views from the Bay Side of the hotel (compared to looking back the other way) are excellent. I therefore called up prior to our stay and requested a high up room on the Bay Side. The hotel was happy to oblige which makes me think if you don't ask you stand a greater chance of not getting the bay Side view. Our view from the 21st floor was stunning. The room itself was very tastefully decorated and felt &quot;new&quot; &amp; trendy compared to your usual plain / average room. There was also free WIFI in the room and the service must have been good as my son said it was ridiculously fast! We didn't eat at the in-house restaurant Seven Fifty but it looked appealing. Adjacent to the restaurant is a very nice bar. When you enter the bar you pass by a shelf incased in glass. Within the glass is a permanently burning fire coming out of pebbles which was nice to look at. Pleasing to me was the bar had decent beer on draft (Anchor Steam). Another tip is not to use the hotel valet which is expensive at $42 a day. There is a public parking garage opposite the hotel, Portsmouth Square Garage, where you can self park for less. In fact, we were in San Francisco for only two days after staying elsewhere in California. We decided we wouldn't need a car in SF as parking is an expensive challenge all over SF so we parked at the Portsmouth Garage, checked in, immediately left the hotel, picked up our car ($2.50 in parking), and drove &amp; dropped it off at Avis in Fisherman’s Wharf. The remaining taxis we took during our stay, including to the airport, were a fraction of what we would have paid in rental + parking charges if we had kept our rental car.All in all we loved our stay at the Hilton Financial District and there is no question we will stay there next time we visit SF	
Aug 27 2007 	Thin Walls	The location is great, and the decor nice enough, but the walls, I agree were thin and you could hear your neighbors walking around. The toilet flushed real slow, like it was barely working. The room itself seemed rather small, I think it was the desk along the wall that took up most of the space. The elevators were irritating, you had to enter your key just to get up to any of the room floors. It wasn't a bad stay, but I definitly would spend my money elsewhere in the future.	
Aug 21 2007 	Great Stay	Just stayed at the Hilton Financial District. Great hotel, staff was very nice and the best part was that there was a playground and park across the street! Chinatown was literally across the street. Everything was an easy walk.I didn't give it a five star because the room service menu was limited, there was not a pool (there used to be one 1.5 years ago), and there was no gift shop/snack shop. The bell service and restaurant staff were top notch. The front desk staff were not so friendly compared to everyone else. The view of downtown from the windows was amazing.	
Aug 20 2007 	Great location so-so hotel	Some reviews have mentioned the pool on the roof - it is closed. There were rust stains on some bathroom fixtures, and the bathroom had no fan. The staff were spotty; some seemed very professional, and some seemed like they were working a Burger King counter. The elevators are incredibly slow - this is something I had never considered in a hotel, but they are THAT SLOW.But the location is the best in the city.	
Aug 15 2007 	Outstanding view of SF skyline towards Coit Tower	Not necessarily an obvious choice for tourists but we very much enjoyed our stay at the Hilton Financial District. Location is good in the middle of China Town, within walking distance to Little Italy and close enough to the main attractions. Room had a superb view on the Bay (Alcatraz, Coit Tower, Bay Bridge, etc.). Amenities were good, certainly up to the standards of Hilton. We did not need any particular assistance from the staff, so can't really comment, but the hotel seemed to be operating well.Overall, I would certainly recommend it.	
Aug 14 2007 	Nice Stay	We booked this hotel on hotwire.com for under $100, definitely great for the money. The room was pretty luxurious and had a great view of the bay. The only annoying part of the hotel was the elevators. There were 4 elevators and there were always long lines in the lobby to go up and it took a long time to get down. (Maybe it was a busy weekend or maybe one elevator was not working?) Location was pretty good. It is right on the edge of Chinatown -nice to visit for a little while. The walk to Fisherman's Wharf / piers is probably 1.5 miles - it gets a little long after you do it a few times. The bus goes by the front of the hotel and is $1.50, or a cab is about $8 to get to the waterfront area.Hotel staff was great !! Very helpful on all frontsWe didn't eat at the hotel restaurant, but it looked nice. The coffee shop in the lobby was convenient. When leaving the hotel: convenience stores to the left, Chinese food straight, Italian food and American food to the right.There was some construction going on at the hotel but it never bothered me.	
Aug 12 2007 	Great Stay at the Hilton Fin Dist	We visited San Francisco for the first time as a family during the first week of August. We booked this Hilton through Hotwire, but I was already interested in staying there because the 'candid' photos of the hotel room views on Trip Advisor looked great, and the location looked convenient to the areas we wanted to visit. So I was pleased when the 'blind' selection through Hotwire was this Hilton.After reading a bit more and thinking about it, I was a little worried about the the size of the room for our family, which includes two young teens. I called the reservations desk at the hotel to inquire about upgrading to a larger room, and was able to do so for an additional fee. I spoke several times to the front desk and reservations prior to my stay and received excellent service.The hotel room did not disappoint. As many have stated here, the views (at least on the bay side) are SPECTACULAR. The city views I think are good too - but not as good. The decor in our room was also very nice (4 star in my opinion), very nice bathroom, and clean. For us the upgrade was well worth it. We even had dinner in our room on evening (take-out from Tommaso's down the street) in order to enjoy the view.Our room was a larger room on the 25th floor, with a King bed and pull out queen sofa bed. We also had a kitchenette with a sink and fridge that we used a lot. The bathroom was large, with a nice walk in shower - no tub.We did not eat at the hotel other than the 'club floor' continental breakfast and hors d'oeuvres served on the 26th floor (the bfast was a little better than your typical Hampton Inn continental breakfast). We used the breakfast every morning because it was free and convenient. We thought about eating at '750', but there are too many other good options in the area.The location is very good given it's close walking location to Chinatown, Union Square, North Beach, Coit Tower and Embarcadero/Ferry Building. The entrance of the hotel faces Chinatown, the other side of the hotel faces the Financial District, 2 blocks down is North Beach. The most convenient cable car line is California St, a few blocks away.There were always a lot of people on the streets around the hotel, so I felt safe walking around there at all times. There are a few blocks towards North Beach that have a couple of 'x-rated' clubs. Those blocks are easily avoided (if so desired).My only complaints with the hotel were that the front desk and concierge could be very difficult to reach by phone from the hotel. I think they could actually use a second full time concierge. The other complaint was the management of the driveway in front. It is totally out of control and was blocked for extended periods. If you are driving at all (we rented cars for trips out of the city), I would recommend stopping on the street rather than pulling in the drive and getting stuck. The elevators can be very busy, and be prepared for a quick draw of your room card necessary to access all floors.**I highly recommend anyone planning a trip to SF visit the Forum page which is very active and helpful.A must for Saturdays is a stroll down to The Embarcadero and Ferry Building then down to the Wharf. It is a great time for a family. Many other suggestions are on the Forum.	
Aug 12 2007 	Great Stay	Extremely professional, courteous staff. Excellent location, incredible bedding, great food in the restaurant. A wonderful stay.	
Aug 9 2007 	Wow! What a room. What a view!	This is a really great hotel.First the view was spectacular--Coit Tower in the foreground, Alcatrez to the left and the slopes of Russian Hill and Nob Hill to the left. To the right is the bay and the Ferries. In the distance rise the mountains. Simply fantastic!(These were &quot;bay view&quot; rooms. Obviously not all rooms had this view.)The location was also wonderful. Chinatown is in front of the hotel. North Beach starts just to the right and Market Street and the Financial District are just to the left. Behind you is the Embarcaderro.The room and hotel decor is very stylish and modern, giving this rather large hotel the feel of a smaller upscale boutique hotel. The rooms are not large, but are thoughtfully laid out so that they feel quite comfortable and have very nice work space and bathrooms. Loved the flat screen TV's and the sliding door to the bathroom.The staff was fine, but I didn't have any food or room service.I really enjoyed my stay there--too bad it was for one night only.	
Aug 4 2007 	Best Hotel Room Ever	We stayed at this hotel from July 14th for a week. The hotel has completely been modernised and is very very shiny and new. The style is very modern and very hip. We had booked directly with the hotel and had booked a bay view room. Upon checking in however there were no bay view rooms avaiiable and the girl on reception asked us to wait while she checked with her manager, on returning she came back to say she had managed to get us a room on the top floor of the hotel which she said would have views of the bay.We were aprehensive until we got to the room. It was amazing!!! It was huge very modern and get this had French doors leading to a balcony and patio with the most amaxing view of the coit tower and the entire San Francisco Bay. It completely took our breath away. The room itself was spectacular in its decoration fit and finish, 32 inch wall mounted t.v, marble bathroom and an incredibly comfortable bed with lovely clean bed linen. We even had complimentary bath robes...Our stay was really incredible and the service from the staff was fantastic, very attentive and just what you would expect from a Hilton. We would stay at this hotel in a minute and could not reccommend it highly enough to anyone. Location wise its only a 10 minute walk from Union Square and 20 mins from the wharf..	
Aug 2 2007 	Good stay	This hotel should come out of the closet and call itself the Hilton Chinatown. It even contains the Chinese Cultural Centre and it seems to be a very popular hotel for American Chinese and visiting Chinese,which gives it a bit of an exotic feel (for us irish countryfolk). It was great for us as one of the main purposes of our stay was to explore Chinatown. The hotel is also within walking distance of NorthBeach, the Embarcadera and Union Square so the location is the very best feature of this hotel. We stayed two nights and our comments generally are good. The room onthe 17th floor was great. Spotlessly clean and very well equipped. I would repeat the warning given by other reviewers - don't drink the Evian, it gets put on the bill. But at least the coffee is free. Alsowhy do they charge a dollar to make a toll-free call? We had a problem as our luggage was lost so had to keep phoning the help line.However, the staff very obligingly let us use the front desk phone for free when it was quiet.We had a lovely view from our room and did not experience any internal noise from the hotel. However, the noise from the street in the middle of the night was very bad. This, of course, is beyond the control of the hotel, but I mention it to warn others. I did not expect that the noise would carry up to the 17th floor, but it seemedlike there was a street party going on for at least an hour.There was a very good atmosphere in the hotel and the staff were all very friendly and helpful. The only glaring exception to this was themale concierge, who was unbelievably rude to us for no reason at all other than he thought we were British. (We are from Ireland). He actually said to us, when we gently asked him why he had turned his back on us, &quot;well you are British so I am being British back to you&quot;.Whatever that means. Maybe it was his idea of a joke and it did make us laugh because his attitude was so eccentric and completely uncalled for. We either had to laugh it off or take deep offence. My husband works in the tourist industry here in Ireland and would neverdream of treating his american guests in that way. The rest of the front desk staff were extremely kind and very good at their jobs. I can honestly say this as I had the opportunity to observe them for considerable time while I was using their phone to hold on 20 minutes for that freephone helpline.Overall a good stay considering it was in the centre of a busy city at the weekend and we would definitely use the hotel again but maybe polish up our american accents!	
Jul 27 2007 	Marginal at best - decor improved but little else	This hotel is conveniently located to the financial district, Chinatown and North Beach. Cabs were regularly at the hotel and public transportation was close. This property was formerly the Holiday Inn Financial District and is an older hotel. The decor has improved drastically, but the overall experience still was marginal at best.I waited thirty minutes to check-in due to a line of 14 people in front of me. There was not adequate staff at the front desk and the two that were there were not helpful at all. I thought I must have just hit a busy time or shift change, but the problems continued throughout the night. I had the same experience at check out - I took 18 minutes to just get a receipt (I did not receive one under my door as usual).The room decor was very nice and new, but the bathroom had odd screws where the hairdryer was missing. The room was very small, but functional.When I called for a wake-up call it took three tries since no one was answering the phone. I did not receive the call the next morning as requested.The conceirge level services were standard. I went to the evening hour (wine and beer incurred a charge, but soda and bottled water were free) - the snacks were adequate (cheese cubes, chips &amp; salsa, some undistinguished fried blobs (we are still wondering what they were - the staff said &quot;appetizers&quot; when I asked). The breakfast the next morning was also ok, but not outstanding - pastries, cereal, yogurt &amp; fruit.Overall the stay was ok, but the staff were consistently sparse and not very helpful. I stayed at the Hilton by Union Square the previous night and had an outstanding stay - I would pick this Hilton instead if I were returning to the area. I would not stay at this property again.	
Jul 25 2007	Nice decor very loud.	We booked this hotel through Priceline, so for the money, a great deal. Would not give this hotel a 4 star rating, more like 3. The rooms are very nicely decorated, hotel is in great location to Chinatown and North Beach. However, the outside noise at night is terrible. We were on the 6th floor overlooking an alley, so maybe a higher floor wouldn't have been as bad.	
Jul 20 2007	Chinatown Hilton	I was surprised to see the old Holiday Inn Chinatown is now a Hilton and has been given a face lift. We like the new look and feel, but miss the staff from when it was Holiday Inn. The elevators seem to be as busy and slow as before, but everything else seemed fully upgraded.	
Jul 11 2007 	Simpy great	Booked my room through priceline, and that's the way to do it. Check-in was smooth and friendly, and they even changed the room type (received a king instead of a double bed because of my height). Quiet and newly refurbished room, and even though the hotel was almost full, couldn't hear my neighbours. Bathroom is rather small, and shower head is only meant for small people (I had to kneel to wash my hair). Wireless internet is free in the room, and the concierge and desk people are very friendly. Location is great: cable cart within two blocks, fisherman's warf half an hour away by foot, and next door is Chinatown. It really is a great hotel if you don't pay rack rate.	
Jul 4 2007 	Perfect place for visit to SF	Loved this hotel!! Got a fantastic rate through hotwire.com. Loved the location, on the edge of Chinatown, North Beach (Little Italy) and financial district/downtown. The room was perfectly appointed....super comfy bed, great club chair and ottoman for sitting/reading/watching TV. Excellent desk and features for biz travellers, even though I wasn't on biz this trip. Loved the individual Lazza (?sp?) coffee maker in the room - terrific coffee! The staff was very nice and helpful when needed. This hotel worked out very well for me and I'd recommend it to anyone.	
Jul 2 2007 	FIve Star Service	Hotel is wonderfully redone as a Hilton, clean and crisp looking. Great central location adjacent to both Chinatown and North Beach. Yes, it can be loud, but you are downtown in a city, that is the way it is! Most notable was the excellent quick and helpful service. The concierge was extremely helpful and friendly, great food tips! When we left a bag in the garage across the street, not even their garage, the front desk manager personally returned my call within 15 minutes, went to the garage, searched for and located our bag!!! I still can't believe the low price I paid for such above and beyond, outstanding service! Will DEFINITELY return!	
Jun 27 2007 	Paper Thin Walls and Partying Neighbors	Upon first glance our room looked great -- nice bedding, new fixtures and desk, nice lounger and a great view. The room appeared recently updated with a modern flair. When looking closer at the room, the toilet wouldn't flush, the sink was plugged, a magnifying mirror had been ripped out of the bathroom wall, and the walls were paper thin. We could have managed a little bit of noise from our neighbors except we could hear them yelling and playing a drinking game. We called the front desk to be moved, and were moved to a room on another floor where more &quot;partying&quot; was taking place. We rode the elevator with an assistant manager who said he had just caught 5 college-age boys trying to sneak into a room with their sleeping bags. It was definitely a younger crowd at the hotel, and we could never figure out if there was a central party or if everyone was just doing their own thing. We visit San Francisco 3-4 times a year and this is the first time we've been disappointed with a hotel/room. We would not stay at this Hilton again.	
Jun 26 2007 	Great for the Price	My husband and I along with our two children stayed at the Hilton for our week-end in San Francisco. The service was excellent, especially the concierge who was extremely friendly and had great tips and advice. The rooms were large by San Francisco standards with two double beds and a nice view of the city. On Hotwire we got the room for $109 per night, which is an excellent price for the quality and location. We were an easy walk to union square, and a short walk to the #30 line which goes to Fisherman's Wharf, and the Marina district. And right across the street from China town. Here is my only complaint: instead of a regular door on the bathroom, there was a pocket door that was put on a track on the outside of the doorway in a very ill-fitting, makeshift way that left large gaps on either side of the door. The door itself was predominantly frosted glass. This made for some uncomfortable lack of privacy for a family of four. Overall, however, this hotel is a great deal for the price.	
Jun 25 2007 	Only one problem	Overall our stay at this Hilton was above average. The only two negatives were the elevator which was incredibly slow and beeped for every floor. Also even though we were on the 23rd floor we could still hear sirens from street level which wasn't too bad but still a little irritating later at night. The beds were very comfortable though, the bathrooms lovely and the staff helpful. It's in a very good location, right next to Chinatown and there's a fantastic Chinese restaurant just down Kearny street: R&amp;G Lounge. They were so packed the night we went that we simply took takeaway back to the room and on the elevator up all occupants were holding takeaway from that particular restaurant!	
Jun 25 2007 	Very nice but expensive	Booked room for two nights (6/20-6/21) via Priceline - got a great deal of $115 a night...however parking was $42 per day plus tax of $5+. Average room in corner 1025 - nice view of Coit tower. Bed was comfortable, sheets great, plenty of pillows, very nice. Don't drink the Evian water.... $4.50 a bottle. No refrigerator in room. Well decorated, marble countertops in bathroom. Front desk was quick and nice. Coffee bar in the front of the hotel pricey (but what isn't in SF). Went to Alfreds next door (left into the alley)... great food - $32 &amp; $38 dinner plans.... Service was not so good (arogant waiter)...plus they automatically added 17% gratuity to the cost..no matter what kind of service you get.... again food was great. Security was good - had to use keycard to use elevator. Did not use room service or restaurant, bar or Spa. Very close to the TransAmerica building and Chinatown. Safe area to walk in.	
Jun 24 2007 	Great stay at the Hilton Financial District!	We just returned from a 5 night stay at the Hilton San Francisco Financial District and the experience was wonderful! I was a little apprehensive since we had booked through Priceline for the first time; but contrary to other reviews the hotel staff was extremely friendly and helpful.  Thanks to tips from other reviewers, we paid extra($40 per room per night) for upgrades to bayview rooms and the expense was definitely worth it! Had absolutely fantastic views of the SF bay and city! The facility's location is very convenient, close to Chinatown, North Beach, Embarcadero - we were able to walk to most places (including Union Square and Ferry Building) and cabs to other areas within the city were readily available - usually cost 10-15$ at the most. Muni, cable and Bart stops are not very close however and Union Square hotels may be a better choice if you want to use these frequently. The rooms are a good size, beds and furniture is modern and very comfortable. Both the rooms and other parts of the hotel are well maintained and clean. There is a coffee shop in the lobby which is pretty good and reasonably priced. The onsite restaurant - Seven Fifty had good service though the food could have been better. Did not get a chance to try the spa (Tru). There is a public garage across the street that charges $26/night (price does not include multiple entry/exits); valet parking at the hotel is $48 (price includes multiple entry/exits) Would definitely stay here again, highly recommend this facility especially if you get a deal throgh priceline/hotwire.	
Jun 21 2007 	Great Hotel!	AWESOME Hotel! Have stayed twice now and loved every minute we stayed there! Room was very fresh and clean with a great veiw each time...to go along with a great veiw on both sides, the windows open so you can get a fresh air. Bed was crazy comfortable with great pillows and soft sheets. The bathroom was adequate and clean with nice towels and good products.The heating/cooling in the rooms work very well and provide the perfect temp when you need the right temp.The restaurant and lounge in the hotel are very nice along with great service. Good food and again great service. The lounge that sits next to the restaurant is equipped with a good selection of liquor. Could probably make any type of drink you could want.Hotel staff is great…Always saying hello, and also the valet service is awesome because you are basically in walking distance of all of downtown Frisco.Overall, this hotel is great! Will be coming back very soon!	
Jun 21 2007 	Acceptable for the Price	Booked this hotel throught Priceline, seems to be a common thread here. Hotel itself was perfectly acceptable for what we wanted, a decent hotel room while we visited San Francisco on vacation for four days. We had a bit of an issue at checkin, as we required a room with a safe in it. Most hotels at this stage have safes in all of their rooms, but it appears that the corner rooms (which are a little smaller than the standard rooms) don' t have safes. In any event, after two more room changes - it was third time lucky. The room we got was good, clean and a good size for San Francisco. On another note, valet parking is $48 per day, which in my book is a bit much, however there is a self park underground parking lot directly across the street from the hotel which is $26 per day, so if you're bringing a car into the city this is the way to go. Overall I would stay here again if I was visiting the city, but on the basis that I got the hotel through priceline.	
Jun 17 2007 	Nice Hotel	Nice room, Clean, Up to date. Would stay at again. Is right next to China Town.	
Jun 15 2007 	Nice hotel!	Booked through Hotwire so the rates were a deal! Room with a city view was real nice, though a little small. Ate only one meal at the hotel as we were out for most of the day. The room was clean, beds were very comfortable, the flat panel tv was real nice and even better was the free wireless internet service.The hotel is very close to Chinatown as well as very close to the California cable car line. Best to purchase a 1, 3 or 7 day pass; the Muni transportation system is great!Wasn't bothered too much by the outside noise though one night I did hear a bunch of bottles being emptied from a container and a couple of fire truck sirens. To be expected in any big city. Also, we were on the 25th floor and we could hear the footsteps in the room above us. They must've had a tile floor as we could clearly hear someone walking around most of the time.We stayed for 5 nights and for two adults and a 16 yr old, we had enough drawer and closet space to store most of our belongings. There was no refrigerator in the room; could've used one. There is no gift shop either; all they have is a Zoom machine very similar to a soda vending machine. Dispenses everything from bottled water to an Ipod. Paid $9.99 for a small bottle of Motrin (24 caplets). Ouch!Front desk staff from check in to check out was very helpful and accommodating.	
Jun 11 2007 	less than stellar	Over the years of using Priceline I have never been disappointed with my results and the rooms that I have gotten. But my visit to San Francisco and my stay at the Hilton (used to be Holiday Inn) was less then stellar and I have already emailed Priceline with the fact that it should be downgraded. My room was at least half the size of the normal 4* room I've grown accustomed to under their system. The moaning and groaning of the ventilation systems and elevator shafts permeated my room. I had better towels to dry myself off in high school then what was provided by the Hilton. The lobby area is nothing to be inspired by. The location isn’t near any of the transit systems except the busses. My view was overlooking China Town which from the ground is great but from above is not very attractive. I had a vodka/cranberry cocktail in the lounge and it cost me $9.  And they still need to do some serious upgrading to an older facility. My stays at the Hyatt are always beyond compare. It’s sad to say but once a Holiday Inn always a Holiday Inn.	
Jun 8 2007 	There's nothing like the Hilton bed	I loved this hotel. It was a great location for us, because we are walkers. We were able to get everywhere we wanted to go -- Wharf/Pier 39, Embarcadero, Union Square, the BART station, etc. -- within an easy walk. We booked on Hotwire and even though parking was an astronomical $42 a night, it still made it about the same price as the hotels with free parking. The bed alone was worth it -- soooo comfortable. As the previous poster said, it's actually more Chinatown than Financial District; but that was OK with us. Don't be afraid of the nudie bars and shady characters that you may see just outside -- they're harmless.	
Jun 7 2007 	Fairly nice hotel - good value.	We booked here through priceline as well. The hotel is not in the financial district but on the edge of Chinatown. It is within walking distance to Columbus St, which is where a lot of good restaurants and stuff are. Positives: nice rooms and bathrooms, Crabtree toiletries, fluffy bedding, very clean, good bay view.Negatives: walls very thin - could hear children running up and down the hallway and everything in rooms next to us, parking is $48/night w/ tax. Overall, it was a good stay, but I think that Priceline needs to re-categorize the location.	
Jun 5 2007 	Great Hotel-But not very child friendly...	We booked this hotel on Priceline-$74, great rate. The hotel was VERY nice, very clean, very upscale accomodations. The hotel is supposed to be in the &quot;financial district&quot; but is really more in Chinatown. It states it is in walking distance to The Wharf and Pier 39 but this is only true if you are in good shape. The staff was very friendly and helpful.The only negative was that the hotel is not child friendly. We had to fit two pack and plays in our room and asked the front desk clerk if we could have one of the bigger standard rooms. She stated that all rooms were the same size (which I know isn't true, corner rooms, etc are bigger). The room was barely big enough to put both pack n plays. But we did appreciate how clean and nice the room and hotel were. We probably wouldn't stay there again with our small children but we DEFINITELY would if it were just my husband and I there for the weekend.	
May 29 2007 	Decent Room Nice Staff	The rooms were nice and clean, but rather small. The staff was very friendly. Although listed as being in the &quot;financial district&quot; it's really in Chinatown.	
May 29 2007 	Very Good Hotel	This was a very good hotel with large clean rooms with friendly and helpful staff. It was an interesting (one mile) downhill walk to Fisherman’s Wharf and it is just at the edge of the Chinatown district. My only criticism was the hotel restaurant called &quot;750&quot; off the lobby; on the one occasion I ate there the only other patron sent back her food and I was tempted to the same – it was awful. However, there are so many other great restaurants nearby that this should not be a problem.	
May 13 2007 	What a view!	We booked this through Priceline and got a fantastic rate, but I would definitely pay more to stay here again - if I could get the view I got. It was a million-dollar view of Coit Tower, Alcatraz, Embarcadero, Nob Hill, St. Peters and Paul Cathedral. The room was not overly large or special, but it was clean and current.Service was fantastic from the reservation desk to the bellman. Location is great for hitting China Town and North Beach. A feal find.	
May 11 2007	Excellent Experience	Having never visited San Francisco before we booked on priceline. On arriving at the hotel I showed my hilton gold card and immediately got given a room on the executive floor with access to the lounge. Our luggage had been taken from us when we valet parked and reached the room at the same time we did. The room was wonderful, large for a city hotel and with a wonderful view of the city and Alcatraz. Room service food was excellent although a little expensive. We never used the resturants in the hotel but they were always busy. I had a massage at the spa and it was wonderful, one of the best massages I've ever had. All the staff were very friendly and we never experienced any problems. This is one of the most memorable hotels I've stayed at in a long time.	
May 8 2007 	So-So Hotel	The hotel itself is fine, with decent rooms and a convenient location. However, we found the staff to be very unhelpful. When we asked the conceirge a question about nearby attractions, we were handed a map and given no other advice. We had called a month prior to our trip to make a few requests, upon arrival we had to make all of these requests over again. They tried to cram us into a tiny double room, instead of the King Room that we had booked. Booked through Priceline for a good deal, otherwise wouldn't choose the hotel again.	
Apr 21 2007 	Great Stay!	Took a chance on Hotwire and ended up staying at this Hilton April 18-19. We found it to be a nice place, and everything was in good working order. Our bed was very comfortable and was fitted with nice linens. Our view from the 21st floor was fabulous. We were right in line with Coit Tower and could easily see Alcatraz out in the bay and Marin to the north. Chinatown is pretty much directly across Kearny St.. A short walk to Jackson street will take you to a great meal at Hunan Homes. The checkout process is a breeze over the phone, and it took less than a minute. I would definitely recommend this place.	
Apr 19 2007	Great rooms and the best views in SF	This hotel is a true hidden gem. Bay views, comfortable rooms and fresh air to boot! Loved it!	
Apr 18 2007 	Great View!	We stayed on the 23rd floor with a bay view for two nights (Fri&amp;Sat) over St. Patrick's Day weekend (what a party)! The room was great, clean, with everything you'd expect. Although the view was even better than expected. Alcatraz, Coit Tower/Telegraph Hill, Bay Bridge, Chinatown all right outside the wall to wall windows!!(can't quite see the Golden Gate Bridge for here).23rd floor is &quot;Concierge Level&quot;, so we had access to the lounge (on the 24th floor, I believe) for afternoon snacks/drinks and continental breakfast - breakfast was adequate and fresh.This hotel is right next door to the TransAmerica Building. Great location for getting around to all the sights. We drug our wheelies from the Bart station down by Bloomingdales - maybe a 15 min walk when we arrived. The staff were all very polite and helpful. The TruSpa was good for my massage (80 min/$125), but my wife had BAD reviews for her facial - barely any human contact, no face or scalp massage and certainly no hand or foot rub while waiting for the mask treatments to set up.The next two nights we stayed in a small boutique hotel (The Union Square Hotel), which was also wonderfull - see my review there.	
Mar 28 2007 	Great location views	We recently stayed at this Hilton on Kearny St. (3/23/07). It has recently been remodeled and looks beautiful, very modern and super clean. This hotel is actually closer to Chinatown than it is to the Financial District. It is a great location - close to North Beach, Union Square and Chinatown. We stayed on the seventeeth floor. Our room (1717) had a great view of the bay, Coit tower and the St. Peter &amp; Paul Church Spires. It was a little pricier but so worht it if you are into views.	
Feb 19 2007 	Newly Renovated Modern Hotel	Good location for downtown meetings. Lots of interesting neighborhoods to wander thru. I was told the hotel is only a year old, totally renovated, and it shows. Everything is clean and new. Very modern design. My only complaint would be the noise from the big windows, also, pull down shades instead of curtains allow light in around the side which is a problem for people like me who can only sleep in complete darkness, luckily the beds are great so you can try to get a good nights sleep. Free wireless internet.	
Feb 16 2007 	Nice place - Bad Shower	The Hilton in the Financial District was a great deal at $189 a night. The room was clean and well appointed. The breakfast was excellent. I was here for a conference, and the catering was also very good. If I were coming back for a personal visit, I would definitely consider this hotel, especially since it has a Spa in the building. The only downside was the shower. I am 6'1&quot;, and the shower head was at my neck Very annoying. I was assured by the staff that they are in the process of retrofitting all of the rooms. I have to wonder why they are at that height in the first place.	
Feb 16 2007	Excellent value- great location.	First time in Sanfranciso caught the Bart train from the Airport into Powell St Station. Hilton a short walk away but perfectly safe despite having 2 rollersuitcaes.Hilton is ideally situated close to Union Square where all the main prestiguous shops can be found. Similarly the cable car is close at hand to take you to Fishermans Wharf or China Town. One tip buy an all day ticket far cheaper than individual journeys.The Hilton was perfectly adequate for our needs we were stopping over for two nights prior to flying on to Auckland. We spent such little time in the hotel the fact we had a city facing room was of no consequence. A must is a visit to the restaurant on the 27th Floor not necessarily to eat but to witness the panoramic views it offers.A lot of beggars do seem to pass the front of the Hilton and will approach you - we used the simple expedient of speaking Welsh to them and they soon moved on.If visitng Sanfrancisco again we would certainly stay at the Hilton it's rates were sensible ,room more than adequate and it's geographic position ideal.	
Feb 13 2007 	Location location location	The best thing about this hotel is that it sits at the junction of the financial district, North Beach, and Chinatown. It's very convenient to attend meetings during the day and then walk to good restaurants, cafes and nightspots. The Transamerica Tower is one block away. The air is perfumed with ginger, garlic, and exotic herbs all day long. In the morning the neighboring park is filled with seniors doing Tai Chi. And the Chinese economic wonder has flowed into this neighborhood: the energy is exciting and palpable. It is so much more interesting than, say, one of the large hotels that's too close to the tendrloin.Be sure to ask for a Bay view: you will have wide windows looking at Coit Tower on Telegraph Hill as well as the Cathedrals down Columbus, and neon on Broadway. If you pay more, the higher floors include Alcatraz and Sausalito in the picture. Avoid the &quot;City View&quot; at all costs - unless you enjoy staring into office rooms.I recently stayed here for the first time since it was converted from the Chinatown Holiday Inn. The prices went up about 30%, but the rooms didn't get any bigger. They completely remodeled, so the furniture is new and the beds are excellent. The towels were luxurious.Unfortunately, Hilton replaced the large closets with small wardrobes. Then they put a chest of drawers inside the wardrobe. Then they topped the drawers with a room safe. So, unless you are a child, you will have room for one jacket to hang. Your remaining clothing will have about 24 inches to fit in - the bottom of them piling on top of the chest-high safe. Their architect really failed here. I don't know what they were thinking.The new furniture looks nice, but it crowded my room - making it feel a little cramped. The large work surface is great for business, but it blocks a portion of the view. I really preferred the Holiday Inn's idea of easy chairs and a coffee table aimed directly down the view plane.The health club is well equipped. But you have to change in your room, as there are no lockers. You may want to pack a robe, as none are provided. I think the pool is gone. There had been one on the rooftop which had a most surreal setting: halfway up the side and in the giant shadow of the Transamerica Tower. I miss that, if only for the photo opportunity!The staff were friendly and very accommodating. The high speed Internet access was excellent. I'll be coming back for business.	
Jan 31 2007 	Good location but noisy.	I am currently staying at this hotel, and the room is clean and has apparently been through a renovation and is well appointed. Neverthless, you can clearly hear the noise from the street as the big window offers sub-par noise isolation. Being in the downtown area of SF, at night it does interferes with sleep, at least for me. The location is great. Concierge lounge is so, so.	
Jan 2 2007 	Four Star Hotel in the Heart of Chinatown/Financial District	The Hilton Financial District delivered for me! This hotel was a Holiday Inn and has now been remodeled completely. I was told the Hilton is one year old at this location. Everyone made me feel welcome, from the lady who checked me in to the bellman who remembered my name. I was upgraded to a beautiful room on the 21st floor with a great view of the bay and Coit Towers. The bed was very comfortable, I especially like the pillows. ( I normally take my pillow with me because I do not like hotel pillows). The lady in the executive lounge Lisa, (I think this is her name) was so helpful, she aswered any questions I had about the hotel. The conceriege(sp) in the lobby was also very friendly, she made me feel very welcome to the hotel and that she was there to help me. She made suggestion about tours, etc. I did not need a tour as I have been to SF many times, but have not stayed in this area before. The staff seem proud of the hotel. The only small negative was when I went to take a bath, there were no face or bath towels. I called and that problem was taken care of shortly.The location is near China town(less than a block). If you want to go to the Fisherman's Wharf area, there is a # 15 bus that will take you there for $1.50 correct change.If you like to walk you can get to the North Beach area, and even downtown. Overall this was a very positive experience.	
Dec 31 2006 	What you really need to know about this hotel...	The hotel is worth their 4 stars. We did not have a single complaint during our stay. However, take note of the following info: Rooms do not have a bar fridge. You can rent one for the ridiculous price of almost $30 PER DAY! The rooms are modern, spacious and well furnished and our room had a great flat screen television. Perfect especially for business travellers as they offer a large work area. There are 2 blinds in stead of curtains which does not make the room totally dark so if you want to sleep in or are light sensitive, this hotel might not be for you. The quality of the matress and linen are the best money can buy. Parking is also very expensive at $50 per night but in all fairness, it’s not really much better priced anywhere else. We were promised a room “with a city view” which did materialize and the view was ok, however – we soon discovered that the view to the other side of the building is fabulous overlooking the harbour &amp; bridge. Internet access is free if you have your own laptop – however, you can access it only from the lobby (not private or too comfortable) unless you are prepared to pay $12 PER DAY extra for excess from your own room! The hotel is situated in one of the more run-down streets of China Town – at night they’re deserted with a touch of eeriness… The nearest Metro station is about 9 blocks away, but the bus (unfortunately it’s a one way street and therefore taking you only in one direction), is in front of the hotel and access to the cable car is 3 blocks away. Buy yourself a travelpass for 3 or 7 days – it works out a whopping 70% cheaper than one way tickets and offers unlimited traveling on San Francisco’s nice public transport system. We found the staff at the hotel to be very friendly and helpful.	
Dec 5 2006 	Great room great location!	What a great place to stay! We went through Hilton's website and booked a room for $103/night. For this rate we did have to pay up front and would lose it if we cancelled, but that wasn't a problem for us. The room was wonderful. The bed was so heavenly I wanted to stay in bed all day. We were on the 7th floor facing south. We did not hear the bottles breaking, but you will hear gargage trucks in the early morning. We were up before school began so I actually enjoyed watching the children on the outside roof.I loved the location. Right next to Chinatown for dim sum and the best chinese ever (House of Nan King) and North Beach for coffee, Italian food and Beach Blanket Babylon. If you like to walk, you can even walk to Fisherman's Wharf. Union Square is an easy walking distance as well. We even walked to Yank Sing for dim sum. The best I have ever had and the most expensive, but it is worth it!! I will definitely go back to the HIlton when visiting SF. I will probably be running across the street and down a block to Nan King first thing!-kwChicago, IL	
Nov 27 2006 	Good hotel for the money	We stayed at this hotel over the Thanksgiving holiday weekend. The location was ideal as it it close to everything. The #15 bus stops 1/2 block from the hotel and the MUNI system in San Fran is so easy to use. Got this thru priceline for $85 a night. Although I requested a high floor, i only got to the 12th floor. Be prepared for SMALL rooms and TINY beds. This was my biggest disappointment. I also had NO flat panel TV in my room. But I have heard that if you book thru priceline, you don't get such a good room as if you had gone thru the hotel directly. But I saved over $115 so that was worth it for me. Definitely visit Mama's Restaurant for Breakfast, Pinocchio for Italian in North beach, Mara's for the best cannoli's and Ghirardelli square for awesome chocolate. Staff was very friendly and eager to please. Esp the concierge Eric and the bell staff. Always available to give directions on where you wanted to go. Don't forget the shopping on Market Street. Good deals at Armani Exchange and AE outfitters. Above all, have a great time. San Fran is a great walking city. So wear very comfortable shoes!!!	
Nov 27 2006 	Great View of Coit Tower and Alkatraz	Weekend retreat at the Hilton was just what the doctor ordered. Stayed on the 25th floor with a Bay View... The hotel was very clean, beds were super. The staff was very nice. From the maids to the bellmen. Received an early check-in... front desk asst. manager was very nice - Thank you!!Our room had an incredible view of Coit tower and Alkatraz Island in the background. We we able to walk to Union Square via Chinatown...right down Grant. Fun! Walked to dinner in North Beach. Thank you to everyone at the Hitlon - great job!!	
Nov 15 2006 	Excellent Hotel	This hotel is fantastic. The accomondations are beautiful, the bedding is like sleeping on a cloud. Had a beautiful view of Coit Tower. This hotel is located in Chinatown, and is walkable to Fisherman's Warf. This is a hotel that I plan on returning to.The bathroom is small but very nice. The only downside is the shower would be difficult for a very tall person. But the room is very nice. The lobby is beautiful. The staff were very professional and accomodating.	
Oct 24 2006 	A nice surprise	When I got this hotel thru Priceline I wasn't sure if I'd like it or not--I hadn't heard about this hotel at all before. It stands right at the heart of Chinatown (not the new one with lots of great restaurants, it's the touristy Chinatown that is pretty much for non-Chinese visitors). I could walk to the waterfront, the Embarcadero Center, major shopping centers, etc., so I was quite happy with the location. Polite staff, a decent-sized room, and newly refurbished feel contributed to my &quot;above average&quot; rating of this hotel, even though as other reviewers wrote, it's a huge hotel and you tend to feel anonymous in it. I knew what to do in SF (shopping!) so the general no-frills feel was fine with me. Overall, I was quite nicely surprised by this hotel. I've seen many other Hiltons that disappointed me (ones under construction) but this one was rather good.	
Oct 18 2006 	Nice stay but a little noisy	I stayed here for a conference at Moscone - most of the hotels in the city seemed to be sold out, so this ran me $339/night. The hotel is nice and the staff is pleasant. My room was on an &quot;executive floor&quot; and as an Hhonors Gold member, I had access to the concierge lounge. It was nice, although not too big and often crowded. Room service was fast and the food was good. I would stay here again if I was in the area.	
Oct 10 2006 	Great Location great room great service	Just spent 2 nights in SF at the Hilton in the financial district. The room was beautiful and the view spectacular. We walked all over from there, to the warf and even ghirardelli square. When we wanted to travel further than that we found several modes of public transportation all within easy walking distance. We did not have an issue with excessive noise, however, it is the city and you can hear traffic. That's just the way it is! Staff was VERY friendly and went out of their way to make sure we had everything we needed. A great place to stay in SF.	
Oct 8 2006 	Nice Stay	Purchased on Priceline for $80.00 (Thurs-Sat) This hotel was previously a Holiday inn. They have done a nice remodel. Watch out for room 25 on each floor. Very small window. This hotel is directly across the street from Chinatown which was fun.	
Oct 5 2006 	Great Place to stay	Stayed here for 3 nights....loved it. Great views over SF, nice and friendly staff. Close to Chinatown, a short walk to the Pier and a 10 minute walk to Union Square too!Rooms are nice a new. Had no problem with noise at all. Yes you hear a bit of city noises, but that all adds to the expierence of staying in the middle of SF.Would recommend it.	
Sep 24 2006 	Find another hotel!	I travel often, this hotel was a Holiday Inn with a cheap minimal renovation. You can hear traffic from the 18th floor. The staff was friendly, but you cannot sleep. Pipes can be heard throughout and the area is nasty. Walls are paper thin and the windows are not insulated. This place should be 100 bucks a night. Cut my trip short and will never go back. No discount given for the problems. It seems to get a nice room in S.F. you need to spend over $400. per night, the city has very few nice hotel rooms.	
Sep 13 2006 	Average Hilton Stay	This is an average Hilton hotel. The rooms are well appointed, comfortable beds, nice towels and bath. The fitness center has nice cardio equipment with built-in televisions. The walls are thin and the doors tend to slam (my room door stuck a lot and required a good shove to open and close). If you have access to the concierge lounge, it's less than average for cocktail hour and breakfast. The check-out process was challenging, obtaining a print out of my bill was met with raised eyebrows (most hotels slip a copy under your door for speedy check-out), and I was told rather off-hand that I could have used the &quot;Zip-in Check-in&quot; machine to check-out. The Zip-in machine only says it's for check-in, but the front desk says you can use it for both. You may want to try this option to avoid the front desk. The hotel is a short walking distance on edge of Finance district, in the Chinatown area. Overall, it's an average hilton with a few annoyances, but you will likely enjoy your stay.	
Sep 11 2006 	Stay Away	Don't be fooled by the low internet rates and the comestic transformation of a Holiday Inn into a Hilton. Issues: 1) windows provide no insulation from heavy traffic and screaming drunks that pour from the sleazy bars surrounding the hotel; 2) paper thin walls means that you will be awaken at 3AM by tandruffs and flights coming from adjacent rooms and corridors (do not expect any assistance from the front desk); 3) sleazy area in the middle of Chinatown not in the Financial District; 4) rude staff with an attitude that belongs at the Four Seasons or Mandarin Oriental and not in a mid-priced hotel. For $20 more you can stay at any of the boutique hotels around Union Square that provide not only a better location but a much friendlier welcoming.	
Sep 10 2006 	Location Location Location!	Booked priceline for $75/nt. Very nice room - no problems, although they have 2 bottles of water that they want $5/ea for. I would never pay $249 for this hotel as said for avg. price on hiltons website. Room has everything you need and housekeeping will bring you whatever you want. Windows open for fresh air, and digital climate control if you want the air on. Only thing i did not like is that they try to charge you $10 for WIFI internet every day, so we went without it. I can't beleive they want that, come on now, Google with your headquaters near SF, when will you provide free WIFI in san fran! Some tips to save money at this hotel (first, chose union square east/embarcedero on priceline and put in $75, you will probably get this hotel). If you are like me (cheap) and dont want to pay $48/day parking, $20 breakfast, $5 bottle water, etc. then follow my tips. MONEY SAVING TIPS FOR THIS HOTEL/AREA: Park 1/2 block north (merchant st) at the Chinese Catholic Center for $24/day. Go to the grocery store 1 block south on same street as hotel (kearny) and buy water, beer, wine, snacks, etc for grocery store prices. Eat breakfast DIRECTLY to the left of the hilton enterance, for $5 instead of $20 room service (and get more food!). As far as lunch, there is a great Irish pub 1 block north, then 1 block west (on jackson st) called KELL'S. Cheap and good food/beer. For dinner, there is a million places to go within walking distance (by the way, this is a great safe area, we had no problems and we walked everywhere). Yahoo and Fodors rated #1 the GREAT EASTERN which is about 2 min walk away, and is very reasonable, and very good chinese food. My plate was $10 for almond chicken and was the best i ever had. For activites: walk up washington st a few blocks and hop on the street cars - get an all day pass for $11 and go in the morning, you can ride them all day and check out fishermans wharf, downtown shopping, etc. Dont get ripped off by someone offering you lower prices on &quot;tours&quot;, there is only 1 way to Alcatraz, the blue and gold fleet, with $16.50 for the rountrip boat ride and audio tour. Dont pay more than $10 for a SF fleece, some places want $15-20 for the same thing! Hang out in fishermans wharf area during 3-6 and most restaurants/bars offer $2-3 beers, well drinks etc. If you are going to NAPA Valley in your rental car, make sure to pick up some brouchures from your rental car agent, they have free tasting coupons at 5 or so winerys (good ones too), otherwise you will pay $10-$30 to &quot;sip&quot; wine - (ripoff) - and take &quot;silverado trail&quot; when going back to SF later in the day, because hwy. 29 is a big traffic jam going south from 4-6pm. I would defenitely stay at this hotel again, not really for the amenities- but for the cheap price and location. HIGHLY RECCOMMENDED at priceline prices, otherwise it is a ripoff at $250/nt plus.HAVE FUN! - and don't get ripped off!	
Sep 8 2006	Hilton Financial District is a winner	When we first walked up to the Hilton Financial District hotel at street level, I admit that I was put off by the appearance of this rather drab looking high rise building. But, the minute we entered the lovely oasis of the hotel lobby and saw the gorgeous, minimalist orchid arrangements lining the Asian-inspired entry, we knew that we had made a fine choice. The rooms are spacious and tastefully appointed -- with cozy, luxe beds that are so wonderful after a day of pounding the pavement as a tourist.The Chinatown location means that you are in very close promixity to excellent dining (all within a 5 minute walk). Try Brandy Ho's on Columbus for their good value lunch, City View Restaurant on Commercial for dim sum, and R&amp;G Lounge on Kearny (across the street) for a convenient dinner.	
Sep 5 2006	Great rooms convenient location	Loved this hotel. The room was new, stylish, with a great view of the Coit tower. The bed was very comfortable as well - I probably slept better than I do at home. Had no problem with check-in or check-out. I heard parking was expensive so we parked at the parking lot across the street for $26/night. Breakfast was nice and a notch above your usual hotel fare. Overall, was very pleased with our stay and it was a great deal on Priceline!	
Aug 30 2006 	Wow! Very nice rooms and a great location.	Like the last reviewer, my wife and I booked our room through Priceline for $70-75 a night and luckily got the Hilton Financial District Hotel. I was immediately impressed with our room, seeing the flat screen TV sitting on the desk that extended wall to wall in front of the window that offered a great view to the North. I love the beds at Hilton's as well. This location is very handy to Chinatown (a block or two up the street is the main drag). The TransAmerica Pyramid is practically next door to the East. Coit Tower is an easy walk up some seriously step sidewalks. North Beach is close by as well. Great location, great rooms, a nice hotel bar area, and friendly staff make the Hilton a great place to stay. I would love to stay there again. The parking comes to $47 a day. Just a little side note. But if you get your room through Priceline, who cares about the parking.	
Aug 29 2006 	Wonderful Surprise at the HIlton!!!	We were a bit nervous having booked the room on priceline (for only $75) and becuase we had to check in at 1:30am. BUT, what a treat this hotel was.First off, the front desk clerk was wonderful and gave us a fantastic room with an amazing view of the city. Truly beautiful.The hotel was renovated in January (I think) as it used to be a Holiday Inn. The room was very clean, and the bathroom was huge. The best surprise...the bed was super comfortable.They have flat screen tvs, and other nice amenities (including automatic blinds). Lastly, let me comment on the fantastic location. The hotel is right next to Chinatown and North Beach so you can walk there very quickly. And, it's only a 10 or 15 minute walk to Union Square. Yes, parking is expensive but you really don't need (and shouldn't have) a car in San Francisco; walk, take the bus and cabs. I will absolutely stay at the Hilton again. I had a free night stay at The Crowne Plaza Hotel the next night and we wished we had stayed at the Hilton.	
Aug 28 2006 	no problems-great location	We stayed at the Hilton only one night but were very pleased with the room. The location was good and we even found street parking directly across from the entrance. It was free compared to $40plus. There is also a $28. garage but the street was safe and had no problems. We were there on a Sat. night. Fri. nights you can't park on the street in the middle of the night(maybe street cleaning, not sure). We got the room off Priceline for $75. plus tax and they did not treat us any different. We asked for a renovated room--no problem. It was small and the bathroom is little but the comfort of the bed and having everything you need made it a non-issue. For that rate I would recommend Hilton and we will go back!	
Aug 19 2006	Weird hit or miss experience	We really wanted to love this hotel: it is a gorgeous facility, renovated in a hot, happening style and in a great location but there were some real problems:As we pulled up, we couldn't get into the valet driveway as a number of bellmen were busy playing (i.e. dancing, goofing with each other and talking), blocking the entrance. We eventually found an underground lot to park ourselves. Cost: about $50 a night. When we checked in and got to our room, it had not been cleaned. The bed was unmade and it looked like someone had just left -- radio on, trash in the floor, etc. We were promptly sent to another room where, as we took a quick power nap, someone else walked in (they had checked in and been assigned our room and their key let them in as we slept -- yikes!)When my husband called to complain, the front desk person started acting like they could not hear him as he tried to explain the trouble. Then they hung up on him. Nice, eh?Finally, we were assured that all was well. After a FABULOUS dinner in the hotel restaurant (our waiter was the best ever. He steered us to the best entrees and made sure we had dessert on the house), we collapsed in our room only to be awakened by a thunderous noise from the pipes in the bathroom at Midnight. The noise continued and after we (and others nearby) complained, we were switched to yet another room where we could still hear the noise but at least it didn't vibrate the floor of our room anymore (the staff thought there was a problem with a regulator in the pipes). By this time, it was close to 1 am and we had a morning departure ahead.Then when we tried to check out and head to the airport in the morning, the elevators were not working. We had 3 heavy bags (couldn't carry wine on the plane due to new FAA rules so we'd packed some bottles) and were on the 27th floor. After a while, the elevators finally came back and we scrambled to make our flight.The hotel is lovely. Two of the three rooms we were assigned had a gorgeous Bay view. Restaurant staff were great. But there are certainly some management and maintenance issues. At the end, I wished we could get the Hilton points we'd spent back.	
Aug 12 2006 	Great Hotel Great Location	Excellent location (across the street from Chinatown, 15-20 minute walk from Fisherman's Wharf and Union Square, practically next door to the Transamerica building, down the street from Francis F. Coppola's studio and 5 minute walk to North Beach - SF's Little Italy); extremely spacious and clean rooms; nice exercise room and very curteous staff.I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Aug 1 2006 	One bad apple almost spoiled the rating.	All but one staffperson were incridelby helpful and courteous (back to this later). Hotel is conveniently located next to Chinatown and walking distance to Union Square, Embarcadero, and the California Cable Car Line. Newly rennovated; room and bath spotless. Nice selection at coffee bar and hotel bar in the lobby. Sleek minimal design...yet family friendly. We got a great rate for 4 rooms for 2 nights through Priceline. Every staffperson we've encountered from the valet guys to housekeeping to front desk (except for one) were courteous and professional...even nice. The older frontdesk guy (40s maybe 50s, thin with a moustache) that checked us in smirked after he found our reservations when I asked if two of the rooms could be on the same floor since my kids are staying with us. (This is around 2:30 p.m.) He started scribbling something and looked at me and smirked. Asked me to initial the paper which turned out to be my room reservation with the price crossed out (because I booked through priceline which I could care less what they paid because I got a great deal.) I asked for two rooms to be on the same floor again and told him I would be happy to come back if two rooms on the same floor was not avail. now but avail. later. He said no, didn't bother checking, gave me my keys and said &quot;this is all we had available&quot;. I took the keys, took the family out for late lunch, came back at around 4 p.m. and double checked with a frontdesk person to see if we could get two of the rooms on the same floor. The woman that helped us said sorry for the delay as she checked. She placed three of our rooms on the same floor without any problem. Tip. Rooms facing the Coit Tower are quieter that the other side. Overall, one snotty staffperson in a nicely remodeled hotel with generally great customer service.	
Jul 31 2006	Pleasant Stay	We had a pleasant stay. The hotel is nice and clean with renovated rooms. It is more in Chinatown than in the financial district but that is not a problem as a two or three block walk will put you in the action of Union Square. i am not giving the hotel a better rating because I paid for an executive room that included continental breakfast and hors d'oeuvres and soft drinks in the evening. Upon my arrival to the executive lounge there was a sign that they closed on Fridays and Saturday evenings. The front desk was not sympathetic at all.	
Jul 31 2006 	Good place to stay.....I would recommend it	We booked the hotel through Expedia.Though a bit pricey I felt it was worth it. The beds are very comfortable. We had forgotten to get toothbrushes and the hotel promptly sent it.The staff is friendly though they didnot give us a room with a view. Ours faced an alley next to the hotel.The Hispanic girl said we should have booked directly through them and they would have given us a room with a view.I didnt know what the big deal was since we came on a weekend and not many people were staying in the hotel.The hotel is not located in the best part of the financial district.On weekends the streets are quite empty. There is a bus right next to the hotel to go to Fishermans Wharf.It is 3 blocks away from the China Gate and walking distance from Union Square.We had the most amazing breakfast at the Chinese restaurant next to the hotel.Quite good and inexpensive. Overall we had a great time in San Fran and would recommend this hotel to others.	
Jul 27 2006 	big is beautiful	we stayed at the hilton on 4th july for 4 nights. grand lobby and excellent central location, espcially for shopping. the harbour area is a $12 taxi ride. book direct with hilton for the best rates available. we payed an &quot;advance rate&quot; where we payed the full amount 6 months in advance, but that got us a room on the executive floor with access to the top floor lounge for drinks, breakfast and a great view - about £110 per night. worth paying the extra and the buffet breakfast is really very good. we were originally given a room in the newest part of the hotel - two double rooms with a balcony and view of the bay. fantastic, but not great for 4 people. if you're travelling with the family, suggest you ask for a suite in the older part of the hotel. considered less attractive for business travellers, but our room was ideal for the familiy. the pool is situated on one of the upper floors on one of the &quot;towers&quot;...nothing special, it;s adjacent to what looks like the original part of the hotel, so not quite in keeping with the overall look and feel of the hotel, with is quite lush and luxurious. apart from that very comfortable sun beds and the pool was clean and excellent for children. we had breakfast on one morning in the main rest. - nothing special but at around $13 quite good value. for a totally difference experience, the indian rest across the road is the cheapest and probably one of the best meals you will have on a budget.	
Jul 25 2006 	Nice place nice price nice location	Situed in a very nice location, not too far from Union square, California Street. Few blocks to the Embarcadero and Coit tower... and is also near if you want to walk to Pier 39.Very clean and the service is great. Only default, NO POOL on high floor.	
Jul 6 2006	Nice Amenities Location	We are frequent travelers to San Francisco for a 2-3 day quick getaway. Normally I book a room through Pricelines bidding process and end up with the Hyatt Regency on the Embarcadero. This trip we got the supposedly 4 star Hilton in the Financial District. Like many other reviewers, we liked the decor of the room. And also loved the Crabtree and Evelyn shampoos. The bed was comfortable with nice linens as you would expect in a 4 star hotel, but I felt the room was small. The window wall had a 3 ft wide desk (with only one chair) that made it sorta uncomfortable to look out at the street. You had to lean up against it to look out. Not a big deal but I like having a table with chairs near the window so you can order room service and sit and enjoy. We had to eat our champagne brunch on the bed which was uncomfortable. My biggest complaint about the hotel is the way they treat you if you buy through Priceline. They denied having a king sized bed for us even though I called early on to request one. The reception person said they only had smoking rooms with king. Even though I felt they were ruining our romantic weekend I accepted the 2 double room. It was miniature and not what I would expect from a 4 star hotel, no matter what price you pay. I requested to see the king size smoking room and it smelled very strong of smoke. At this point I asked to speak with the manager and asked her if she could help us out. She put us in a &quot;normal&quot; room with a king size bed and a nice view of coit tower, alcatraz..etc. I expressed to her we felt &quot;punished&quot; because we bought on priceline. She said they used priceline because they wanted people to come and stay again, that it was a way to get the word out about the hotel. I told her that giving the worst rooms to priceline buyers was completely defeating the purpose because they would get bad reviews. She was very nice and polite and we appreciated the view room. I also must mention that the street noise even at the 22nd floor was VERY LOUD. Apparently they did not upgrade the windows when they converted this hotel from a Holiday Inn to a Hilton. We did not have a restful sleep. It was crazy the amount of noise...Kells bar was right across the way. 2am was the worst noise.  We did like the location near Chinatown. We never took a cab once. You can walk to North Beach too. We used the cable car to get down to the Ferry Building and have dim sum at Yank Sing. YUM! That place is awesome. Overall a nice weekend, with a few inconveniences. Not much can ruin San Francisco though!!!	
Jul 6 2006	Great everything	Our family stayed in 2 rooms for 2 nights.The service was lovely (when we needed a toothbrush in the middle of the night it arrived within 10 minutes), the rooms wonderful (such beds! we didn't want to get up), the view through the large windows were spectacular, the location perfect (next to Chinatown, walking distance to many sights, convenient for walking) and Eric the concierge is great. The only thing we missed was a small fridge in the room.We very much recommend this hotel.	
Jun 24 2006	Very Nice Rooms	We only spent 1 night at this hotel but it was memorable.The room had a great view of Coit Tower, the bed was very comfortable, the furniture was very nice, the towels were great, etc.Parking is $42/day + tax but heh, it's San Francisco.We will stay here again.	
Jun 22 2006	Nice hotel- quite loud at night	The hotel itself is quite nice- the lobby is lovely, the rooms are clean and new and have very comfortable beds. The gym is also brand new and is fully stocked with new equiptment. It too is spotless.The location was great for us, we walked everywhere, although we were in bed early. It was easy to get around, but we did have problems finding a place for a quick inexpensive breakfast.The only problem with this hotel is that around 2 in the morning it got very very loud. Either there was a party both nights, or the bars were letting out- it was like the people were inside our room. We put the AC on to try to drown out the noise. This alone would make me hesitate to stay here again.	
Jun 13 2006	Much more than expected!!!	The newly renovated room is chic; the room has free Crabtree &amp; Evelyn products (shampoo, rinse, etc.) and the bedding was very comfortable. Even the restaurant food is much better than what you'd expect from a hotel restaurant. When we went they had live vocal Jazz at the bar which set the right ambience. And very friendly service!!! The building itself looks quite run down from the outside but you'll be amazed at how new and comfortable it is inside.	
Jun 6 2006	Great Stay!	I booked this hotel via priceline. I read the review from this site and I realized that there are room that I should be avoid (xx00, xx01), those room are VERY, VERY small compare to the other rooms (since they are next to the elevator &amp; ice/vending machine, u will be hearing noises ALL night long). It is always a good idea to call a few days ahead to let them know ur preference for the room and usually they will try to accomodate ur request. There is no free internet in the room but you can definitely use it in the lobby. I heard some funny conversation of some customers complained that they got the room where it has only one bed and its too small for 2 guys to even slept next to each other (I did walk by the room one day while they are doing house keeping..u get like a full size bed or smaller). Its so funny. Most of the front desk staffs are friendly except this black hair hispanic lady in glass - she's mean to the customers! be aware!!! She doesn't let ppl have their choices, she does whatever she wants to people .. so get away from her ASAP when u checked in.The location is good. Its not the best (not close to the bart station) but its OK to walk a few blocks. I walked myself to the hotel when I checked in , and I have also walked around midnight to go to 7-11 to get some food, the area is not too bad but u know, SF is full of beggers, just say NO. I like the fact that its right next to the chinatown, you can find cheap chiense foods right next to ur hotel, for less.The Concierge recommended the CityView Restaurant for dimsum, its nice for tourist but if u want authentic chinese food (dim sum), I think Oakland have better food. For those who likes Fisherman's wharf, taking bus 15 is a very convient choice since its not as crowded as streetcar (god its a nightmare to ride on street car). I had a room in 21st Floor, Overlooking the bay, away from the elevator, its very clean, very nice. I liked the fact that they used the Crabtree &amp; Evelyn soaps (smells better than Aveda!) and their bed is VERY comfortable, better than the bed that i had at Sherton hotel in Vancouver. The AC has individ. climet control and its very quiet (brand new). Unlike the previous review, I think the chair is nice even tho it does has an IKEA feel, but I think its more Crate&amp;Barrel Style to me (at least its solid wood furniture) and TV does have some good channels, Free HBOs for those who want to watch TV in teh room! The only thing is that u get to hear siren and bus sounds late at night (its SF, u know, bars everywhere). Its amazing that I can actally hear them on the 21st floor. The gym is VERY nice too, its located on the 5th floor and the equipment is brand new (the hotel was completely remodeled and reopened on Jan 2006). The only thing that I don't like is that they shut down the rooftop pool, oh wells no big deal since I don't stay in my hotel 24/7. I think if u want to stay at this hotel, you should definitely try to book on priceline since when I checked in, there are 5+ people in the line holding the receipt from priceline! Its a great deal for a nice hotel in SF!	
May 11 2006	Great Experience	We enjoyed a Saturday night stay and had a wonderful experience. Nice lobby. The clerk at check in was friendly and efficient and went to the effort of searching for the room upgrade we asked for. Our room looked dead-on at Coit Tower with partial bay views. Room was extremely clean and decent-sized although the bathroom was small. Furnishings and decor appeared to be in excellent condition, not worn out or tired looking at all. Noise in other rooms and the hallways was pretty much non-existent (although there was some construction going on next door that resulted in a generator going off at 6am on Sunday morning!). Sunday morning we had an awesome breakfast in the hotel restaurant - fairly reasonable at $35 for 2. I would definitely recommend this hotel for either a business or a leisure traveler, although simply due to the relatively small size of a standard room it probably wouldn't be the ideal hotel for any longer than a couple of nights.	
Apr 29 2006	mixed review	The good:1. Friendly staff at check-in2. nice view of Telegraph Hill, and Washington Square area and Coit Tower3. It's newly redone.4. Good valet service and very friendly and polite.5. A great king bed and v. good llinens. Good towels in the bathroom.6. Free wi-fi in the lobby area. Works good too. 7. New, fast, elevators. One slight catch is that you have to swipe your room keycard before you push the floor button or it doesn't accept your push. The price of 9/11.The Bad:1. Noisy outside. Drunks all over the place when the bars close.2. Five in the afternoon and unable to get clean towels. They ran out(??)3. Generally overpriced. Want to spend $35 on breakfast?The Ugly:1. Parking will be about $100 for two nights (we're still here as I write this). SF is always expensive, but this is out of line. In summary:I got this room for $90 on Priceline. Good deal for that price. If I had paid rack rate or anything like it, I'd really be sore. This is a made over Holiday Inn, and looks like it. The rooms are furnished with IKEA-level stuff. Nice for a young person's apartment, but not for a 4 star hotel. Popcorn (acuostical) ceiling -- they just couldn't spend the $$ to take this out and it looks really dated and ugly. We had stayed here when it was a Hol. Inn, and that's about the level of hotel it still is--only more expensive. Interesting, Hilton is trying to lose the Chinatown identification. Was the Holiday Inn Chinatown -- now the Hilton Financial District. Never mind that all the businesses outsite the hotel have their sineage in Chinese. This place only makes sense at under $100 and it's a good value for that.	
Apr 29 2006	Grat lobby Nice Rooms	I liked location, I liked the room, I had problems with the door key that they weren't able to fix and wouldn't give me an upgrade. Other than that it was fine.	
Apr 26 2006	Nice Hotel great service	Just got back from weekend in San Francisco, got a great Priceline rate for the Hilton FD ($90/n). Hotel is clean, modern, and staff was always friendly and helpful. Rooms were very comfy with thick fluffy towels, nice linens, good bath products, unforunately Priceline rate doesn't warrant a view room. The spa was great. Location isn't bad, about 8 blocks to Union Square and close to North Beach, Nob Hill. Would definitely recommend.	
Apr 20 2006	My stay was wonderful! Great location and the views...	I stayed at the new hilton financial district and had a great time, the rooms were completely brand new and stylish at that. Wonderful views, ours was a city view (saved a few bucks), but still - what a beautiful city! We were able to see what the bay view side has to offer (just go down the stairwell, there is a little outpost with a beautiful open air view). You can see Alcatraz and accross the bay to the north as well as the most awesome Coit tower view!Service could not have been better - from the helpful bellmen to the housekeeping staff; everyone was pleasant and accomodating of every need. I will certainly stay here again - next time I'll upgrade to the bayview!	
Apr 19 2006 	An Average Hotel- Except for View	Despite some of the reviews on this site, this is a thoroughly average hotel. It has received a light makeover from its past life as a Holiday Inn, but isn't at the level of the Pan Pacific or Omni. The only distinguishing thing for this hotel is the view from the side that faces Coit Tower.	
Apr 18 2006 	A Great Option to Union Square Hotels	I spent six nights at the Hilton and from check-in to check-out everything went smoothly. The room was nicely furnished, spacious, and quiet. The bed was comfortable with a surplus of large pillows to select from. The window opened just a crack so fresh air could be let in. My view from the 18th floor was overlooking Chinatown so it wasn't anything special. After reading the other reviews I will ask for a room on the opposite side next time I stay there. The restaurant and lounge are pleasant spots to enjoy a meal or drink. All of the servers I encountered were well trained, courteous, and efficient. The only downside I experienced was the showerhead in the bathroom is so low that I had to bend way over to get water on my head, neck, and shoulders. I am only 6'2&quot; but I bumped my head on the shower curtain rod when stepping into the shower, and when I raised the shower head above my neck water sprayed over the shower curtain and onto the floor making it quite slippery. An NBA team would not be happy with the room showers.I loved the location as everything was within walking distance--Union Square, Chinatown, Embarcadero, and Fisherman's Wharf. It took me just 20 minutes to walk to AT&amp;T Park to enjoy a Giants baseball game. Hilton has done an excellent job of bringing this former Holiday Inn into the category of a luxury hotel.	
Apr 15 2006	WOW! Hilton reborn! Exquisite hotel	Wow, where do I start?We arrived to the Hilton Financial District and were immediately cringing at the &quot;industrial&quot; look and bland exterior of the Hilton. so much for first impressions!We walked into a pleasant lobby with few bells and whistles but a VERY effecient staff. I work for a 4 star resort in Carmel, CA and I know when a hotel staff hates their job. This staff seemed very happy and professional.so far, nothing great. Then we hit the room! What a GEM! The rooms were obviously recently remodeled and were very nice. But the physical characteristics of the room was not the star...that belonged to the view!A beautiful, stunning view was waiting for us when we opened the blinds.Picture this. A view of Chinatown to your extreme left. Alcatraz to your middle left. Coit Tower in the middle. The San Francisco Bay to your right and Treasure Island to your extreme right. By far, the greatest view I've ever had in my numerous trips to SF. I have thought about that view at least ten times a day since leaving. You must ask for a higher floor when staying. It's essential!From that point on, our trip and our hotel stay were a dream. The amazing king bed with a featherbed mattress was to die for! These beds rival the Ritz Carlton in Half Moon Bay and Quail Lodge in Carmel (routinely known as the best beds in the area)! Room service was fast and effecient, plus the food quality was above average. All requests to the front desk were fulfilled promptly and swiftly. Now, you may be wondering why I would give the hotel 4 stars after an obvious 5 star review. Well, like all hotels in SF, the Hilton institutes a ridiculously overpriced parking fee. This time, it was $44 nightly and then there is a $6 parking tax on top of that! That's right folks, $100 for the &quot;privilege&quot; of parking. Luckily, I got a great deal on the room rate to compensate for this. But until SF hotels change their ways and institute REASONABLE parking charges, I will not give any hotel 5 stars in SF. Upon check-out we did have a minor issue. We were never given a ticket when we handed the car to Valet. We figured it would be sorted by room number. So after we checked out, we were asked for our ticket. When I explained we didn't have one, the valet service was quite rude and said, &quot;Oh YOU WERE GIVEN A TICKET!&quot;, like I would lie about it LOL. Luckily for this guy, I had already had a wonderful trip and felt it wasn't necessary to engage in a ummm pee pee contest with him (no swearing in reviews). Plus I overheard he had 308 checkouts that day so, all is forgiven!So all in all, stay here! There are too many bad decisions you can make when booking a hotel in SF, go with a sure thing. Plus, it's well below the other hotels in the area in terms of price. What more do you need?Thank you for reading my long winded review.	
Apr 10 2006	Fantastic modern hotel	My boyfriend and I stayed here from March 24th - 31st and loved it! The staff were really friendly and gave us a room on the 12th floor with amazing views of Coit tower and the Bay. The decor is modern and the room was spotless. The location was great and in walking distance of downtown. I hope I get the chance to stay here again!	
Mar 29 2006 	This place is Nice!	I attended a conference in town and stayed here. Initially, I was going to stay at a different hotel in Union Square, but I'm so glad I chose the Hilton instead! I got into town early and I was able to check in early. The service at the front desk was prompt and friendly. I was given a room on the 22nd floor. The staff were helpful in guiding me to the nearest MUNI stops - there is one a short walk around the corner of the building. This hotel is located right in Chinatown and close to the Financial District. It is a nice 10 minute walk to the nearby Embarcadero Center (where you can go shopping). This hotel is about 15 minutes from the SF airport. The room was very clean and I was very impressed with everything. The bed was soft, as were the pillows, and the comforter. I wish my own bed was as nice! The towels were fluffy and the bathroom had Evelyn Crabtree amenities. When I left the hotel and asked for a cab, the staff were prompt with getting me one. They went out in the streets and hailed each taxi that drove by. I had a very nice time here and would definitely stay here again on my next visit.	
Mar 25 2006	Fantastic Hotel With Room For Small Improvements	Have just got back from a week in San Francisco staying at this hotel.First day got there and swiftly checked in. First impressions of the hotel were excellent. Spacious lobby and had our luggage taken up to our room by the attendant. The room was on the 11th floor. Very spacious with two double beds. The views over the city towards union square were the best I've ever had (see picture). The room had cable TV and you have to pay extra for movies. We used the phone to call home. Word of advice - if you're dialling international DON'T. I knew it would be expensive but $18 for 5 mins to the UK was horrendous. There is a phone near the restrooms behind the bar on the lobby floor - you get about 10mins for $1 on that phone. The hotel staff are friendly and corteous. We had to get the maintenance guys up to our room twice (nothing serious a dodgy plug for the batch and help with our UK plug adaptor. Both times the maintenance guy was up within 10 mins of asking.The bar is nicely furnished with sofas around the side and two huge flatscreen TVs at the bar if you want to sit there and watch the sports. Costs about $5 for a beer which is about the same at any bar in the area. There is even a vending machine where you can buy ipods behind the bar area though the are a little overpriced.My only grumbles are....1) The rooms are advertised as having coffee making facilities - they don't. Guests can get free coffee in the morning near the bar area but have to buy it thereafter.2) The hotel doesn't exchange currency. Slightly annoying as the Hilton in Union Square does.Apart from that an excellent place to stay.	
Mar 24 2006	Beware of the 'Hobit Room' and exorbitant valet parking cost	My fiance and I live in the San Francisco Bay Area and pricelined this hotel for $125. We were spending the evening with friends in the North Beach area and wanted to stay the night so we didn't have to worry about driving.I'll start with the good:** The hotel lobby and rooms are high-quality with respect to construction, decoration and style - I would consider it a 4-star in this department.** It's in a great location if you need access to the financial district, or if you'd like to spend an evening in the Italian-influenced North Beach area which has plenty of great restaurants and clubs. It's literally located 2-3 blocks from North Beach, so its an easy walk and you don't even need a cab.Now for the bad:** From the front door to the front desk, bellman to desk clerk to valet, the staff is totally mediocre.** Beware of the guest rooms that end in 00 (e.g. 1800). They are miniature versions of the regular guestrooms that barely fit one full-sized bed (yes, smaller than a queen). The bath room is also much smaller - it can barely fit a small sink with virtually no counter space (no place for toothpaste here), a toilet and the shower. The shower head is way too low - literally at chest level on me (I'm not that tall). Our window had nice views, however, it upheld the miniature theme and occupied only about 25% of the outward facing wall. These rooms are also right next to the elevator which you can hear when in use, and across the hall from the ice machine and vending. Luckily I was extremely tired when we retired to the room from a long night out, so it didn't bother me too much.** The valet parking cost is exorbitant at $42.00 + $5.88 tax for a total of $47.88 per night! When I arrived I just figured, &quot;Sure, valet it - how much can it be, 20?&quot; Buyer beware, I should have asked. It especially burns when you get poor service and you paid more than top-dollar for it. I'd recommend trying to self-park unless you have money to burn.I think if you self-park, make sure you don't get one of the hobbit rooms, and don't care about poor service then this hotel is just okay. However, given my experience I don't recommend it.	
Mar 22 2006	Hip place away from Tourist Central	Great place. Wonderful modern decor, very friendly staff (happily recommended restaurants, etc, to those of us who could get lost in a closet - much less a town like SF). The rooms are spacious, clean, and (though geared to the business traveler) worked fine for our weekend leisurely trip (and the beds were SO comfy!). Great views, and a long desk stretching across the full length of the room near the windows.Given the location, at first we were a little worried about not being within walking distance of Union Square (or the cable cars/Muni), but hey - it's San Francisco. Everything's close. Market Street, Union Square, BART, and North Beach are all just a short distance on foot. You can catch the cable car at California Street...which is even closer. In fact, we found it kind of nice to be out of the uber-touristy area of Union Square proper. We were right on the border of Chinatown, and wound up spending some time in North Beach - a cool area that I had never frequented up until this point.My only complaint is this: the Hilton is one of those hotels that charges you $160 a night for a room...then still wants you to pay them $10 a day to access the internet. Even going to the business center to check your email results in the same charge. I know that a lot of people stay here on business, so I imagine the hotel thinks it can milk a little extra from its guests by allowing them to employ the &quot;Oh, the company's paying for it, no big deal&quot; mindset...but come on. It's 2006. And it's San Francisco, people! The Google company shuttle stops down the street! Get with the program. Overall, though, a wonderful experience. Would definitely stay there again...(or at least until my new online business takes off, and I need to be close to the internet even when away from home).	
Oct 28 2005 	Long Live this Hotel	I stayed at this hotel for a conference at the end of May. It is in a great location but the day after my stay, the hotel was closed for renovations to be opened as a different hotel chain.	
Oct 20 2005	Perfectly located for a 'true' San Francisco experience	My wife and I stayed at this property in April of 2004.....our first trip to San Francisco. When looking for a place to stay, we looked at a variety of hotels in different locations (downtown, financial district, wharf, etc.) Although our first instinct was to stay in the Fisherman's Wharf area, we decided on this Holiday Inn in the financial district of the city......right next to the famous TransAmerica Building. We found the hotel to be clean, quiet, and hosted by friendly staff. The roof top pool is neat, but we didn't use it. What we enjoyed most was the convenient location to Chinatown and North Beach (Little Italy).....both were within very easy walks. After a day of business or sightseeing, we would hit the hotel, clean-up and walk around &quot;true San Francisco&quot; enjoying an evening appetizer, meal, and dessert/coffee at three different (but very good establishments). If you like to &quot;get out and see the city&quot; this is a great place to stay.	
Sep 14 2005	Fantastic views	Stayed in this hotel a while ago now but could not believe some of the negative views here so wanted to add my own. We stayed here for three nights when we first arrived in San Francisco. The room we had was big and clean - if a little dated in decor. Loved the bar - very 1970's vibe to it. The location is fantastic - right on the edge of Chinatown and the financial district - easy walking to North Beach. The best part however is the roof top pool. The views from here are just breathtaking. We would definitely stay here again if we came to San Fransisco again - really good value for money.	
Apr 14 2005	great location and felt comfortable and safe	I live about 2 hours south of SF and stayed Sat. night with my elderly mom so we could catch the SF ballet matinees - it worked out great. I don't stay at luxury hotels - even Motel 6 is tolerable to me when traveling with my dog so in comparison this felt like a luxury hotel - yeah, the room was bland looking but just look outside for visual stimulation. My room rate was $119 ($135 after tax) and included 24 hours free parking - I felt it was a good value. The parking garage is under the hotel and there was plenty of room to park. The hotel is easy to reach by car. Best part for me was the location - walking distance to Union square, Chinatown and North Beach. We weren't walking around at night so don't know how it feels then but felt perfectly safe during the day and evening - I loved walking up to North Beach Sunday morning. Ate dinner at a Chinese restaurant across the street - Chef Jai, I think - the one right next to the House of Nanking - I read a restaurant review that said the tours go to the House of Nanking because it's bigger but the one next door is just as good. No line, friendly waitress, excellent food, bring cash or traveler's check. The room seemed plenty roomy to me for a short stay - in addition to the 2 double beds, had a desk and chair and dresser, and the bathroom had adequate counter space for 2 ladies. It was clean and everything worked. No view and street noise (sirens) from the 9th floor room but I expected that and brought along ear plugs. The mattress was adequate - I have a bad back and had no problem. Staff at front desk were polite. Housekeeping responsive to request. The pool on the roof (and the view from the roof) was great - had it to myself at 7 am Sunday morning - big enough for exercise swimming - rectangular. I would be happy to return.	
Apr 10 2005	OK but not great	Stopped 3 nights at the end of March 2005. The hotel is located right on the edge of China Town, one block away from the Financial District. The Financial District is very smart whilst this hotel is in the slightly seedy China Town district. I think the hotel would like to think it is in the Financial District but it is not. It is on Kearney Street that also houses a Subway sandwich shop, a chinese supermarket and an adult video store.The staff at the hotel are very helpful except for housekeeping. I asked for extra pillows but was told that there was a shortage so I couldn't have any.The room was quite small but was clean and tidy and had a great view. The roof pool was nice, if a bit cold. There was no changing facilities next to the pool so we had to travel back to the room wet via the lift.All in all, this is not a bad hotel but I do think $32 per night parking is a bit steep.If you go to China Town, eat at the Great Eastern on Washington Street. This was a tip by the Bellboy and was very good and reasonably priced.	
Mar 21 2005	Four stars for the price of three!	We've stayed her twice for romantic weekends away (we live an hour South). It is the nicest hotel I've ever stayed in! ( but I'm a cheapskate- I won't pay over $150 for a room, ever. But for $75 once, $100 another time it's definitely worth it!) This hotel is easy to spot on &quot;last minute hotel&quot; anonymous services as it is the ONLY hotel in the area with a SPA. What keeps this from being a 4 star property? A lack of restaurants on-site. But excellent restaurants are within walking distance, and the room service is good, though pricey. Both visits we were given rooms on the North side, facing Nob Hill, with bay views to either side of Coit Tower. Service is excellent. The desk clerk saw that I was with my wife so he made sure to find us a room with a bathtub instead of just a shower. Parking is very expensive - $32 a day on weekends. And don't bring anything taller than a minivan! If the rumors are true that Hilton is taking over, then I'll be disappointed because we won't be able to afford to stay here any more!	
Mar 3 2005	Great staff good location adequate property	The staff at this hotel was excellent, from doorman, to bell staff, reception, restaurant, chambermaids. The location is good nr chinatown. There is a great chinese restaurant on the top floor of the building opposite, overlooking the square, which you should definitely visit.The rooms are old holiday inn standard, but they are clean and well maintained - this is not a romantic room though by any standards. You will not be shipping champagne in the tub and the lightbulbs are harsh white energy savers unless you are lucky to get one lamp with a nearly burnt out bulb like we were - much softer!plus no minibar :-(Get a bay view high floor (executive floor) as I should think the street noise is bad lower down - it's not great even on level 26.We were allowed to park for 15 mins outside the front door before returning the car to the rental center, and the bellman arranged a great sedan service to take us to the hotel on the last day.To sum up, stay for the location and the service - not the room.	
Feb 2 2005	A Perfect Hotel AAAAA+++++	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights earlier this month. My stay was a pleasure from the moment I walked in the door. George welcomed me, not only to the hotel, but to San Francisco and the entire Bay area. Like I was somebody important. To George and the Holiday Inn, I was important, their guest. Perfect service, beautiful views, excellent room, excellent room service.   Don't listen to those cry baby's about this and that, if you gave them silver they'd want gold. Get there before it becomes a Hilton and the price goes way up. For a hundred and a quarter a night I felt like I was at the Four Seasons and I travel a lot, a whole lot. Good bet for anyone looking for a real deal. Ask for George, he'll practically make you famous.  	
Jan 11 2005	Great Location + Value =Good Stay	Holiday Inn Select &amp; Spa San Francisco. The location of this typicalHoliday Inn makes it the big plus in San Francisco. Adjacent to Chinatown and 2 blocks to North Beach Italian Neighborhood.Trendy Spa located within hotel. Spacious and clean lobby, with a rather nice if empty cocktail lounge. Convenient Restaurant on 2nd Floor. Interesting Chinese Cultural Center on the 3rd floor, with seasonal exhibits, art, tapestries, Oriental puppetry and Gift Shop. We caught some young students in beautiful silky ethnic clothing, singing and dancing on stage. Outside on the deck, you'll see many locals practicing their Tai Chi. Walk across the limited hour pedestrial bridge and go into Chinatown onto bustling and colorful Grant Avenue. Walk two blocks up Kearney to Columbus Avenue- the heart of North Beach. Francis Ford Coppola's Restaurant on corner of Kearney &amp; Columbus. Historic City Lights bookstore is right nearby. Busy Broadway and wonderful Restaurants all around. Convenient #15 Muni bus stops in front of hotel will take you to Fisherman's Wharf if you choose not to walk. California Street Cable Car is only 3 - 4 blocks from hotel. I suggest this location for the repeat or return visitor to San Francisco, after you've done all the shopping and such in Union Square. This neighborhood is much more pleasant with respect to the terrible terrible terrible homeless problem that Mayor Emeritus Brown fostered. You can walk back to your hotel after a nice Chinese or Italian dinner without being bombarded by dozens of street persons. Nice views, nice pool on roof. Guest rooms are amply spaced and relatively clean. Great view on the Bayview side. Business Center is merely a computer, printer, and calculator- but it's pleasant enough. This Holiday Inn will shortly be undergoing renovation as it converts into a Hilton property.	
Dec 4 2004	Reasonable Hotel	We stayed here late August 04 for three nights, the views of the bay were fantastic. The roof top pool was the main reason we booked this hotel and it did not disapoint. Views of Alcatraz and the Transamerica building made it very worth while. The room was reasonable and clean, it was not anything special. The bed was fine but order extra pillows!The food was very good if not a little expensive, but this is an expensive busy city. The parking was an added bonus, and the cable car stop was a few blocks away, not too bad in the day but we did feel a little uncomfortable at night!	
Dec 4 2004	Acceptable	I chose this hotel since we wanted to be close to Chinatown and it was not affected by the hotel strike/lockout. Much nicer hotels could be had for the same price. The location is great but this hotel has not been updated since the 1970's. The bathroom is very small. The door barely clears the toilet which is flanked by the sink and bathtub. The other problem is that it is a full flight of stairs up from the street (most guests use the $35/day parking garage). It does have good security- you cannot access the guest floor elevators without a room key. I was disappointed by SF Chinatown. It was empty Friday and Saturday nights so was not conducive to much exploring. Stores and restaurants were open but very few people in the streets. It is busy during the day.	
Nov 28 2004 	Just don't do it!	In June 2004, I spent 4 nights in San Francisco. I had booked at the Holiday Inn Financial district, because they were offering the best last minute deal I could find (around $100/ night standard room, $140 executive) and I assumed that a business hotel chain would be reliable. Also, the roof top swimming pool and spa sounded nice. Rooms were described as recently renovated. I upgraded to an executive room, which was supposed to give free access to the business center. The room was spacious, and had a breathtaking view of the bay. The king sized bed was comfortable. But decor was ugly and looked dirty (impossible to tell if it actually was, with a mottled mustard and khaki-ish colour scheme). The bathroom looked like it had not been renovated since the 70's! The tub was stained and had no plug, the shower didn't work properly, the walls around the bathtub/shower were not even tiled, they were plastic. I was reluctant to bathe, frankly. As for the &quot;business center&quot;, it consisted of a small room with a couple of computers wired to a printer. You could get the key at reception. The roof top pool is minute, but has a great view. And the spa is fully booked weeks ahead anyway. I couldn't wait to get out of there, and only stayed 1 night. I found last minute vacancies at the very pleasant and luxurious Omni nearby, for a similar price to the one I was paying at the Holiday inn, and moved out asap. I believe the property was about to change hands, in which case this review may not be relevant anymore.	
Nov 16 2004	Location the best in San Fransisco.......	We stayed at the holiday inn from 6-13 nov 2004,the hotel is an average 3 star but the views from the hotel are second to none.If possible ask for a bay view room on a high floor,the views of the bay are breathtaking.The best thing about this hotel is the location,across the road from Portsmouth Square,the heart of Chinatown,a 5 minute walk to North Beach the Italian district and 15 minutes either direction walking to the shopping district of Civic Square and the tourist thoroughfare of Fisherman,s Wharf,definately 10 out of 10 for location.For breakfast i would reccomend the Garden Restaurant outside the hotel,on the left,as breakfast in the hotel is overpriced and poor,similaly if you need a camera film etc the hotel shop is way overpiced so walk across to Chinatown and get your goods in the shops there.We would stay here again but that is down to the location,the best in San Fransisco,rather than the hotel itself...........	
Nov 13 2004	Did not experience what other people have!	I was booked into another hotel in SF, but decided to change to this hotel based on the reviews on this website. I wish I had'nt bothered.The location was fantastic, 10 min stroll to Downtown SF for excellent shopping/cinema etc......10 min trolley car ride to The Wharf, SF's best chinese restaurant (in my view) just up the road (House of Nanking).The check in staff were rude, abrupt and not at all helpful. The room had a bay-view which was great, BUT - there was a building site directly opposite which started work very early each day. Also we had asked for a high floor, as hotel is on a very busy intersection of roads. We were placed quite low to street which was also noisey - DESPITE being assured by the hotel in numerous e-mails in the weeks leading up to the vacation that we would be placed fairly high up.With a lack of sleep on the first nite we asked to be moved. The front desk were again rude, and not very helpful, offering a room on the other side of the hotel on the same floor!Housekeeping staff were great, keeping the room immaculate and very friendly.I do not like to complain when on holiday, as I am there to enjoy myself and let things wash over me, but - I felt the problems above REALLY soured my stay in the beautiful city of SF. (1st-8th November).	
Oct 31 2004	Clean Rooms	We stayed at Holiday Select for three nights. The location was good. The breakfast was good and fast. The business center was open 24 hours but not real easy to locate. It is on the top floor. I was able to locate it and check e-mail. The hotel is located downtown so I was not surprised to see some homeless in the park across the street - usual for most cities. There were hotel staff outside almost 24 hours and the lighting is good. Overall a good clean place to stay. I would stay at this location again.	
Sep 20 2004	Great Views 	Standard rooms with great views. We asked for a high floor with bay views and were delighted when we had a good view of Alcatraz Isalnd from our room on the 22nd floor. Further great views can be had from the roof top pool which is perfectly adequate. The rooms are a good size with all the usual facilities and the reception staff were polite and helpful. As with most places in San Francisco parking is expensive. The hotel is within walking distance of China Town and a short taxi or cable car ride to Fishermans Wharf. I chose this hotel for the views and roof top pool more than anything else and was not disappointed.	
Sep 16 2004	AVERAGE	While This Hotel is ok, I am wondering where the big enthusisam from other revierwers comes from. Rooms are in decent shape, but ours did not seem to be newly renovated. There was a big empty place, where a lounge chair was supposed to be (hotel pictures), but when i tried to get one, the man gave the impression as if he would not know what i was talking about and he brought a normal chair. the next morning i then saw these lounge chairs in other rooms that were being cleaned. Our room however did remain without one for the whole stay.nothing wrong with the hotel, but average is the correct description. the location is fine, you can walk to many places. The pool is a plus especially when traveling with kids.	
Sep 11 2004	Not that impressed	Considering all the rave reviews listed here I was expecting more than your average hotel. We stayed for 5 nights at the Holiday Inn Downtown and Spa (Sept 5 - 10, 2004). The hotel staff wasn't overly friendly. Not rude but they didn't go out of their way. Upon checkout the customer service agent didn't even ask how our stay was. I guess it is too hard to ask guest where they are from, why they are in town, how they like San Francisco, please come again, etc. The room was small but clean. Nothing fancy. No internet access/computers for guest. I was told there was a &quot;Business Centre&quot; in the works but if I wanted to check my e-mail I had to walk 7 blocks to Kinkos. For the price we paid I expected more hospitality. However, it seems we paid for the location. Some extra things to mention.What we liked: The hotel is located on the corner of China Town, the Financial district, and North Beach. Easy access to great food!There is a cool rooftop pool. Bring your swim suits and spend a day enjoying the views from here (Coit Tower, TranAmerica, Bay/Ocean). We didn't bring our swimsuits but wished we had.What we didn't like:3 -4 blocks to the nearest Cable Car stop. Most of the main attractions are along the Cable Car routes. The morning walk to the cable car stop was fine. However at night I couldn't walk fast enough to the hotel! Too many shady/homeless people around hotel - especially on Kearny street.	
Aug 21 2004	Best Kept Hotel Secret in San Francisco	This is the only place I stay in S.F. the view from the higher floors in any of the rooms-either Sausalito, Alcatraz and Coit Tower, or downtown to the Trans America building- are amazing and a delight -in most instances, you'd be hard pressed to get a million dollar view like this at any of the top dollar hotels on Nob Hill! The rooms are spotless, recently renovated, and the decor rivals far more expensive chains. Staff is helpful, not overly friendly-no complaints there. But the location-at the corner of Chinatown and North Beach a short walk to Union Square, and the Embarcadero, SIMPLY CANNOT BE BEAT!	
Aug 19 2004	Absolutely brilliant	Visited SF with my parents and couldn't wait to show them the sites. I love San Francisco. After arriving at the Holiday Inn from a great hotel in NY, we did not have high expectations of this hotel. How wrong we were!!We checked in and managed to get great rooms with superb bay views. The rooms were a good size with everything in working order. Staff at check-in were polite and helpful along with the concierge. Took breakfast every day in the hotel which was great value and enjoyed the lounge in the evening. The location is perfect, quiet, but within a 15 minute walk of all the major attractions and 2 blocks from the cable cars. There is a great roof top pool with fantastic bay views.What really makes this hotel stand out is the friendliness of the staff. A big thanks to Liz on checkout, she has customer service down to a fine art. We had the most wonderful housekeeper. Not only did she keep our rooms spotless, she also gave us great advice on Chinese festivals that were taking place that we probably would have missed. She gave us info on how to get around, locations, sightseeing and always had a big smile. Thank-you Mu Zhen.San Francisco is the friendliest city I have ever visited, apart from my home city of course... the staff here are part of that experience. Thank you for a wonderful stay.	
Aug 10 2004	Great location!!!	We liked the hotel, the location is great, we didnt pay for a taxi once in our whole stay , just for the transportation to the airport, the hotel is very clean , the staff very helpful. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone who is not looking for the most luxurious hotel , but a good one.	
Aug 5 2004	Great week in a great location!	Chose this hotel largely because of its location and we weren't disappointed. We didn't want to stay at Fishermans Wharf - too tacky and as it turned out other reviews about the Union Square area proved correct. San Francisco is a fantastic city but they really do need to sort out the problem of the homeless folk - very intimidating especially of an evening. Whereas, from this hotel we were able to wander about Chinatown, down Columbus Avenue for Italian food, up to the main cable car routes and even into Union Square feeling comfortable and safe. Admittedly there's nothing open beyond 6pm in the financial district, but with everything else close by it wasn't a problem.The hotel was bog-standard Holiday Inn but nothing wrong with that - at least we knew exactly what we were geting - which isn't always the case, especially when you are booking into older hotels in NYC etc. Our rooms were in good order and housekeeping did their job admirably and efficiently. On check-in the receptionist was exceptionally helpful securing us our desired adjoining rooms, high up on the 20th floor with a magnificent bay view - can't fault the service. We were more than happy with our choice of hotel, had a great weeks stay and would recommend it to anyone.	
Jul 19 2004	Spectacular- You Couldn't Ask for More!	This hotel is truly wonderful. My fiance and I were originally going to stay at the Ramada, until we read the reviews of it on tripadvisor. Somehow I stumbled upon a website which mentioned the Holiday Inn Select and Spa. It does seem too good to be true, but it is that great! It has a very good location. My fiance and I were able to walk to Chinatown and Little Italy (both were just 2 or 3 blocks away). The staff was really friendly and helpful with directions. We spent about 150 dollars (including tax) for our Executive Room on the 25th floor. We paid about 15 dollars extra to get our room, but it was worth price. We had plush robes, free breakfast (which cost other guest about 11 dollars, though it really isn't worth it to eat in the hotel when you have fabulous ethnic restaurants nearby), access to an office with internet connection and most importantly a great view of Little Italy, the Bay and Alcatraz. The room was spacious with a desk, comfy oversized chair with Ottoman and king sized bed. Everything looked very modern and clean. The only problem we had, which is quite small, is that we had to call a few times to get extra pillows, and when we got ours one was the wrong type (you can get a feather, foam, or no snore pillow). And one other thing was that when we were checking out on our last day it took us about 10 minutes to get into an elevator because they were all so full. The rooftop pool was definitely a plus. I had always wanted to stay at a hotel that had one. The view is great, but it is a bit windy up there. Another extra is that the Chinese Cultural Center is actually located in the hotel! I highly recommend this hotel because of it's great service, price, location and rooms. Enjoy! You will love it.	
Jul 13 2004	I left my heart in San Francisco	After reviewing your site we chose the Holiday Inn Down Town and Spa , located at 750 Kearny Street.This was much nicer than your reviews gave. The hotel was very easy to get to from San Francisco Airport via the BART train to Montgomery Station and number 15 bus from 2rd and Market to the stop right outside the hotel, saved us $25 per person in shuttle service! Hotel was modern, staff was very friendly, room was cleaned excellently each day and the concierge service was really tourist friendly. Hotel much nicer than photo on your site. Is located near the TransAmerica Triangle building, so try and get a room facing Kearny, rather than one on the back of the hotel (ask for bayview or ocean view).The best part of this hotel stay was that it was close to China town (one block), a 15 minute walk to the wharf (or the 15 bus again) and a ten minute walk to the new ferry building. Trams run from California street straight to the ferry building ( 2 blocks away). 10 Minute walk to Union Square and Powell street. Would highly recommend this hotel for price, location, comfort and friendliness of staff.China town is not a bad area, the Chinese were so friendly, Union Square might have more diamond rated hotels but lots of homeless in the area. We felt very safe in the area of Holiday Inn and Little Italy is just up the road with a lovely Irish Pub to boot!	
May 19 2004	Love the rooftop pool	On the 11th floor, we'd a fabulous view with huge windows..but the view from beside the rooftop pool at sunset was just spectacular!! Don't forget your camera! The rooms fine, clean, functional. The staff were a mixture, concierge super friendly, but one of the desk staff had an attitude, not the attitude you want in a hotel, like she was doing you a favour letting you stay in her hotel. Don't buy anything in the hotel shop, outragous prices and the lady working there didn't even speak or smile. Don't let that put you off though. The hotel is within easy walking distance of shopping, bars, the cable car lines. Good for the price, we paid about €100 a night for the room which had enough room for 4 people.	
May 13 2004	holiday inn	its close to everything. Cab was ~7bucks for 2 from the hotel to most of the attractions. Staff was avg. Our room was small b/c booked through priceline. Did not like the Mattress at all (woke up with achy back each day) got 12th floor...facing chinatown. no complaints about that. rooftop pool was great. I expected it to be heated but was not. If I could I would try to avoid it next time 	
May 5 2004	Fab Views	We stayed at the Holiday Inn for a few days at the end of April, found the staff very helpful and were lucky enough to get a high floor room, so the views of the bay were fantastic. The Lobby Bar was also very pleasant for a drink. The Hotel is in a good location, about 10 minutes walk from Union Square for shopping and about 10 minutes walk from North Beach for some lovely restaurants. Overall a very clean and pleasant hotel.	
May 4 2004	Very nice!	We loved it! Clean, gorgeous rooms, attentive staff, etc. We couldn't really ask for anything more.	
May 1 2004	Stayed at this one twice during April nice place!	Stayed at the Holiday-Inn location twice during the moth of April. Had relatives visit and went to Disneyland, S.F., Las Vegas during this past month. Stayed in this hotel from April 1-4 and had a great view of S.F. from my room. Close to Chinatown and the other attractions within a short driving distance. Then later stayed one night again at the end of the month so they could get to SFO airport for their departure.Excellent service and very clean with lots of space inside their rooms. Parking is on the expensive side though, but you get in and out pass for being a guest at the hotel so that's nice if you have rented a car during your stay and want to do some driving in the City. Highly recommended if you go to S.F.	
Apr 23 2004	Great for a spa break	We stayed here for just one night as we had a number of treatments booked at the TruTherapy spa in the lobby of the hotel. The hotel is an ugly concrete block adjacent to the TransAmerica Pyramid and Bank of America Tower. The inside of the hotel is fine, though I wouldn't go as far to say that it's luxurious. I would recommend paying the supplement to get an executive room as we had a great view of the bay and Alcatraz and had breakfast thrown in for free. The real bonus for this hotel though is the spa in the lobby. It's a sleek, modern and relaxing space and the treatments were great. The staff were friendly and put us both at our ease. I finished my spa day swimming in the small roof-top swimming pool as the sun set over the city - perfect! All in all an above average property with some excellent extras and real value for money rates.	
Apr 14 2004	Stay here		
Mar 30 2004	Great Hotel Great Views Great Location		
Mar 24 2004	Great rates great location!		
Feb 9 2004	Still a great view from the 11th floor!		
Feb 4 2004	best deal in SF		
Dec 6 2003	great location		
Nov 1 2003	Oct 2003		
Oct 18 2003	Great Location		
Oct 5 2003	great views and roof top pool!		
Apr 20 2003	Good value great location		
Oct 5 2009 	????????		
Sep 19 2009 	?????????????		
Sep 2 2009 	für Lärmverwöhnte		
Aug 30 2009 	Vista fantastica		
Jul 19 2009 	Gutes Hotel in zentraler Lage		
Jun 21 2009 	décevant		
May 30 2009 	Cozy et bien situé		
Mar 31 2009 	?????????		
Oct 9 2008 	??????????		
Apr 1 2008 	No está mal		
Jun 9 2007 	Muy buen hotel en el mejor sitio de San Francisco		
