Nov 26 2009 	Stay well away from this hotel	i cannot begin to say how terrible this place is. After a very misleading review in the Time Out guide I was anticipating a basic hotel with personality but I couldn't have been more wrong. The manager was kind but beyond him everything was awful. In my room there was no room for clothes, the curtains hung off the rails, the bathroom was filthy. When I discovered that my lock didn't work and my TV was broken the porter was extremely rude and reluctant to help me. He was monosyllabic and very uncomfortable to be around. His customer service was non-existent to the point of being insulting and extremely uncomfortable to be around. The worst point for me was when I found that cash had been stolen from my room. I woke the porter at 7.40am (the desk is unmanned until 8) and he was rude beyond belief. He shrugged his shoulders and asked me what I wanted him to do about it. He then refused to help at all - even with advice about the process of reporting a theft. Finally he told me that he didn't believe I'd been burgled at all. If I hadn't had to get off to a meeting I'd have stayed to talk to the manager but I had to leave by 8. I have registered the crime with the police and I strongly advice the manager to let the man go. He is rude (as other visitors have said) and aggressive and grossly insulting. Do not stay at this hotel.PS I also have been bitten to pieces by some bitey things from my hotel bed. Again, do not stay here.	
Nov 19 2009 	lovelycharming place	I found this place to be a lovely experience. the edwardian sf hotel is a fine choice with small (european rooms) very nicely appointed,I was comfortable there,the front desk staff is noteworthy- very friendly and welcoming.this place grew on me over the 3days i stayed there.there are many high-end restaurant close-by.I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a true &quot;old school&quot; san francisco experience.it's not super fancy but really embodies the vibe of san francisco perfectly.	
Nov 2 2009 	Mish-mash house of horror	This deceptive hotel, instantly charms with its photos, and instantly deflates in reality. On arriving in this hotel I was let down by its musty old smell, cold staff, and poor location.The room was so small that there was literaly no space to put our suicases down and open them. In replacement of a wardrobe, we had a metal rail, which was kept in the bathroom as there was no room in the bedroom for it! The TV did not work. The only good thing is that it has good transport links. This hotel needs gutting and complete redecorating and reorganising. My advice = Go as last resort only.	
Oct 31 2009 	Interesting building area. Friendly staff. Clean. Expensive.	Area: Easy access to downtown LA (tram, bus). Trendy, scruffy area. (Excellent &quot;Caffe Triest&quot; over the road for breakfast.)Hotel: First room tiny, no hot water, second room tiny, no bathroom. Moved to third room with good working bathroom, nice view of street. Also, the rooms vary and you might end up with a bad room. The staff were friendly and the rooms were clean however. The hotel has been recently renovated.We were charged more than the reservation we originally made through the hotel web site, which was irritating, especially as the hotel was expensive for what was offered.	
Oct 30 2009 	A Home away from Home!!!!!	Truly a home away from home. I stay with them twice a year for at least 14 years. Cozy rooms, nicely decorated, very clean. Management and staff very attentive.Perfect location close to Downtown and Castro.We definitely will stay there again and recommend this hotel.	
Oct 23 2009 	good place handy bus service	As I went on business travel the hotel meet my needs it is located in excellent location with easy access to the moscone convention center, walking distance to nice restaurant,zuni cafe,cafe delicio,flipers on hayes street.I had a great quiet night sleep after long business day.you don't need ear plug.the hotel is homey and well kept,i' ll come back again.	
Oct 16 2009 	good pricegood location	I really liked the hotel a lot, it was located very conveniently , only a minute away from a bus and metro stop on vibrant market street.i liked the old style of the hotel , like the birth cage elevator,tidy hallways.the room was small but clean and nice,staff was kind, helpful,and one person in particular gave the best directions to get to our destinations for eating and sightseeing . i'd love to stay here again	
Oct 15 2009 	Good value	I stayed 2 nights at the Edwardian Hotel, while I was in San Francisco for business. It served excatly my purpose, it is not your usual big hotel, but it is affordable, verry impressed how my room was clean, but small. Helpfull staff, convenient location.	
Oct 8 2009 	Horrific! Only stayed an hour!	This hotel is the worst place I have ever had the misfortune of staying. We took a taxi from the airport and had to give the driver the address as he had never heard of it, and when we arrived I could see why, the hotel looks like a shabby hostel from the street and does not get any better inside, we checked in and were directed to our rooms, you could hardly get in the lift as the old fashioned cage door did not stay open long enough for you to squeeze your case by, and frankly I wish I hadn’t bothered as when I saw our room I immediately started to arrange an alternative place to stay. The room itself was tiny and filthy with huge stains on the carpets and curtains that were barely attached to the windows and looked like they might have been from a brothel. The bathroom whilst twice the size of the bedroom wasn’t much better. As there was no room in the bedroom for a wardrobe a clothes rail and luggage rest had been left in there, the windows and floor were very dirty and the door didn’t close. The hotel is near to public transport but is not within walking distance of any of the major tourist attractions and is certainly not an area you would want to spend a great deal of time in. Whilst waiting on a cab to our new hotel we watched several men picking up prostitutes and taking them into the hotel, so unless this is what you are looking for my advice is to stay anywhere but here it might look like good value for money but for the extra $20 a night is well worth it. Avoid this place like the plague!!!	
Aug 24 2009 	Stayed 10 minutes	I went to this hotel to find that the toilet and shower were in two different rooms across the hall from my hotel room. the bed was a full size, and the gentleman that worked the front desk was very rude. My partner and I left after about 10 minutes, and paid the extra $30 to stay at the new Marriott. I was very disappointed with this hotel	
Aug 19 2009	unforgetable experience	I stayed in this hotel with my sister recently for 12 nights and after my first shock with the room -which was not the staff fault- I actually liked it in there. The hotel itself was very quiet despite the fact that it was full all the time, rooms were very cosy, staff were brilliant esp.the manager whose name I never found out :)) the housekeepers were very helpfull and friendly, our room was always clean and tidy. the reception staff helped me with everything we needed always with a smile and good advice, the manager even let me use his own printer!!! We got fresh coffee or tea every morning, newspapers and S.F. guides and leaflets, internet worked perfectly - we had nothing to complain about. But I have to mention the smell from the restaurant next door, I love garlic and anything grilled but we couldnt leave the window open during evening as the smell was really bad, next time I hope to get a room facing front street. Also my friends decided to visit us when we were staying there and they got 1 room for 2 nights for very, very good price and as they are both students they really appreciated the generousity and kindness of the staff and management. The location of this hotel is also brilliant as for walking or using trains or buses. It took only 50 minutes walk to Fisherman's Wharf, all the shops were on the way there, we could easily walk to all famous places - Union Square, Chinatown,Buena Yerba gardens and many more. Overall it was unforgetable and unbelievable experience and I hope to visit this hotel in near future. Magdalena Hosova ------------------	
Aug 2 2009 	Very good location service and value for money!	The hotel is located in the trendy and central neighbourhood Hayes Valley, very close to Castro and the Mission. The service was excellent (thanks David!). We had a great time. They have rooms with bathrooms, but also rooms with 'European bathroom' (read: across the hallway), so be sure to check that before booking!I DEFINITELY RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL!!!	
Jul 23 2009 	we stayed because David-the receptionist/manager-charmed us !	we barely could fit our luggage, behinde the door--on the lugagge-stand.the &quot;edwardian&quot; curtain(s) &amp; bad-cover unnecessarly rich &amp; havy, therefore very dusty !exactly the curtain at the window by the bed was missing ! noisy !-- ear-plugs help !nice bath(shower)room ! nice, european elevator ! watch your fingers !!!public transportation close ! 2 restaurants next door; breakfast at the cafe, across-the-street .	
Jul 14 2009 	Great Location great Value	This Hotel is a one Star, but a bright lil' Star*. The rooms are good value and have ensuite and the Reception staff are soo lovely and helpful when needed. I got a great deal from Priceline.com or Priceline.co.uk. The antique cage lift of the hotel is quaint anda lovely experience in this day and age of neurotic Health and Safety.The beds were made up well and fresh towels in the bathroom too.Breakast/lunch is great at Zuni two doors down. Orphan Andy's at Castro + Market, is great too. Don't be put off by the SF homeless they are everywhere due to the stable weather and generous welfare checks. Safeway supermarket was furtherup Market Street for your booze and snacks ;)The location is fantastic for getting there with the BART, which stops 6 blocks south at Civic Centre on Market.The 'F' tram stops right outside and it goes to the wharfs or up to Castro, which you can walk in 15minutes.The MUNI also stops at Van Ness, which is two blocks south.This Hotel is great for a budget traveller and you get alot of bang for your buck here including free WIFI.Do take the public commuter ferry from Embercado Pier1 to Saulsalito 30mins - it passes the Golden Gate and the Bay bridge aswell as Alcatraz. $14rtn	
Jul 10 2009 	Affordable safe and friendly	David, the manager, made the stay worthwhile. Friendly, caring and assertive, he made sure that I was able to get WIFI, check in on my stay everyday and was very helpful and accommodating.Although the room I stayed in was small (just myself), it had a private bathroom, the AC/heater worked (not that I needed it) and everything was fine.If you plan on getting a room just to put your things and sleep, this is the place to go.	
Jul 5 2009 	Cozy little hotel in a great location	My partner, myself and a friend stayed here during Pride weekend and enjoyed our stay. We arrived early and they kept our bags for us until our rooms were ready, which was still an hour earlier than our 3PM check-in time. Our rooms were small, but we expected them to be, so that was not an issue. My main concerns in a hotel is that it's clean and that I feel safe, and this hotel met those expectations. David at the front desk was very helpful and friendly and always greeted us whenever we came in or went out. The hotel was very quiet (we might've been the loudest ones!) and the location right in the middle of Market Street was great. Centrally located to everywhere we wanted to go! The hotel does lack a couple of basic amenities such as ice and soda/vending machines, but that was rarely an issue as there were several little convenience stores nearby. One late night, we wanted a Coke and a candy bar and had to take a bus to a Walgreens in the Castro, but in all, I have very few complaints. There is no air conditioning in the hotel, but even that wasn't a problem with the mild temperatures while we were there. We did go out and buy a fan, because we always sleep with a fan (save it for us, David!) We are already thinking of coming back to San Francisco next year for Pride and we would definitely stay at this hotel again. Small, but charming and clean, the Edwardian is a very good choice for the budget conscious traveller.	
Jun 30 2009 	Great Location - did I say Great Location? Excellent Location	The hotel is a short walk from the Muni at Van Ness and the west bound F and buses stop practically right out front. East bound is really close as well. Great resturants next door, CAV and Zuni, great coffee place (Cafe Trieste - which also has free WIFI) across the street and great bars close as well. Pizza Zone is a few blocks away on south Valencia that is open late. The rooms are small but when will you be there except to sleep? BUT there is no air and no fan (I brought the portable), the pillows are flat and the towels are scratchy. The shower has no water pressure, but the place was clean. David was very friendly and helpful. I would stay there again but I would research parking since the lot the hotel recomends is spendy. Also not handicap friendly, the elevator would be difficult for a wheel chair or walker.	
Jun 16 2009 	Adequate for budget traveller	I stayed for five nights in mid-June. I was attending a 3-day workshop about 5 minutes away and the facilitators reccomended the E. I got an internet deal from the E website--414$ all in for 5 nights. My priorities were peace and quiet. I got room 26 -- not on the street, but not on the back either. I slept with the window shut, and slept well. If it had been really hot that would have been a problem -- no air con or fan. There is noise from the vent of a neighbouring restaurant. But no noise from other rooms or hall.My guess is that street side on Market would be noisy. It's a main street. Ideal is to get a room on the very back side street. I asked for that a few days before, but didn't work out.Room itself was quite small and a little shabby, but tolerable. Bathroom was fine but small -- seemed recently renovated.A coffee pot is left on in the morning on the first floor, but it's DIY. Best to go to the Cafe Trieste across the street which has great coffee and ambience. Also free wifi. Wifi at Edwardian is iffy -- not working when I was there. There is a pay per use internet terminal on the first floor. Neighbourhood is a little edgy -- some street people -- but I never felt threatened. Some quite nice restaurants on the same block. If I was a solo woman traveller I might feel nervous.A real plus is that the street car (F line) stops right outside the door. I feel that riding the F line is an experience no one should miss. What a history! Also 10 minute walk to the BART station at Civic Centre. I walked from Union Square area to E in 30 minutes. Overall, though, it is well-situated for public transport. Bringing a car to SF is crazy. An exercise in futility.Local phone calls cost $1, even an 800 numberI wasn't in my room much. SF is much too interesting to stay in a hotel room. I got a good nights sleep, felt safe, and loved the proximity to a great cafe and good public transport. I recommend the E for budget travellers who won't be in their room much and who aren't put off by street people in the neighbourhood.David at the desk is a great guy, very helpful.	
May 20 2009 	Reasonable property in a dubious location	I'm surprised that this hotel has received such positive reviews; whilst it's not a disaster, there's certainly better options in the city. The location was my main complaint: it wasn't close to any of the tourist attractions, and thus required public transport on each occasion. Additionally, Market Street is very rough, and littered with undesirables - it didn't feel particularly safe.I also had to switch rooms after the first night due to excessive noise levels eminating from the main road (caused by vehicles and tramps wheeling shopping carts up and down the sidewalks). To their credit, the reception staff were very friendly and understanding, and fulfilled my request straight away (rooms at the rear of the building, whilst smaller, are far quieter).The rooms themselves were clean and comfortable, but a single room isn't overly spacious. You just about get what you pay for here, but if I were to return to San Francisco, I probably wouldn't stay here again unless I really had to.	
Apr 20 2009 	Great location great value	This was my third stay at the SF Edwardian. Used to live in the neighborhood, so I think it has a great location-- easy access to MUNI, BART, good restaurants within walking distance, walked to the Castro, Hayes Valley, Mission district, SOMA, SF Opera and Symphony. Simple rooms, great value for the money. Very helpful staff, especially the manager, David. Have stayed with shared bath and private bath. For my money, the shared bath was a great value.	
Apr 20 2009 	affordable hotel 15 min to city centre	It's a basic 3 star hotel. The room we stayed at was small but it had a nice window overlooking the street, though it was a bit noisy at night as it's on one of the main roads. Plus, you can hear the people in the other rooms, in the corridor...10 to 15 min walking distance to the city centre, with a street car stop just in front, which is great once you know it, as it's the chepeast way of getting around the city, $1,15 dollars the ride.The people at the front desk are very helpful, specially a young guy from Morocco, he helped us a lot! There are also ( free) coffee and tea facilities in a small room on the 1st floor.Against: noises from outside and inside ,small rooms, crappy shower curtain.For: cheap, quite close to the centre and Mission and CAstro areas, internet access, hot water, clean, good service.	
Apr 12 2009 	Great Place	My BF and I stayed here for six nights last week. We had a great time. The room, bathroom and hotel itself were clean and well maintained. The location was great - right on the F-line (streetcar to Union Square and Fisherman's Wharf). Staff friendly. Good value.. We would definately stay again.	
Feb 19 2009 	Marvelous stay within a budget Great Service recieved	I stayed in Edwardians San Francisco for two nights. The location is really great, withing a trolley (city car, called in SF) you will be to reach almost attractions in Sand Francisco bay area, it is located on Market street, which the name is representing the location.The hotel itself is in an old European style, which I always dreams to stay. The service is great, even after check out time the hotel has provide service. Clean rooms and old fashion decoration of them are memorable.Two guys working there, Ami, and David are quite nice to me, so I will advise all those visitors on Sand Francisco if they like to stay on Budget and receive a quality service, do not miss Edwardians.Next time visiting SF, I will choose Edwardians, for their nice hospitality and friendly environemnt.	
Feb 15 2009 	Edwardian is a good choice	I have stayed at the Edwardian now several times as I am working on different work projects in the area. David, the manager, has always been very helpfull and friendly helping me with reservations and other requests.	
Feb 2 2009 	Great stay for the price	I stayed at the Edwardian while I found a place to live in San Francisco, and I have to say I was pleasantly surprised. I booked online through their website and got a reduced rate, and I wasn't sure what to expect.The hotel was very clean, and the staff was very courteous. When I arrived, I had help getting all of my bags inside. I had to get them up to my room myself, but I at least had help getting them on the elevator.The room itself was very comfortable; not a ton of room to spread out in, but enough to relax. I actually got one of the deluxe rooms with a king-size bed and a private bathroom; some of the other rooms don't have bathrooms. But the room was clean, the bathroom looked like it had been remodeled fairly recently, and it was very quiet. (For the record, I stayed in room 47; fourth floor, in the back.)With my particular room, there are a few things to keep in mind; being on the top floor, it takes a while to get hot water up that far. A couple minutes tops, but I guess it's something people have complained about before.The only other thing I would have to say is that, while the hotel does have complimentary wireless (very stable, and pretty quick at that), it doesn't broadcast all the way to the top floor. Again, not a huge deal; you just have to head downstairs a little to one of the common areas. (Which themselves are pretty cozy.)On the whole, I would recommend the Edwardian to anyone looking for a place to stay in San Francisco. It's close to public transit, or even within walking distance (if you don't mind going on a little trek) to all kinds of places. It's a nice place to stay, and it won't break the bank.	
Dec 25 2008 	The best Hotel ever	This hotel is absolutely great..I love here. nice room, good location. the most important thing is the people who work in that hotel are very nice..i have a very good time in San Francisco..i highly recommend to all of you. there is public transportation right in front of the hotel.. so, that is it..thank you so much to give ours a good time....	
Dec 18 2008 	Great inexpensive close to the city!	The Edwardian is a great hotel for a single person looking for value for money whilst in San Fransiscio.I stayed there for two nights and was very happy with my room - with a double bed, adequate bathroom and tv. It was quiet both in terms of street noise and other guests in the hotel. There are no closets in the room (so if you have a suit, bring a hanger and hang it in the bathroom).The Edwardian is very close to the city and the Mission with a bus stop litterally outside the door. There are also a number of amazing places to eat right down stairs.	
Dec 3 2008	A Great Place to Stay	My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed our stay here. Our room was clean and quiet, and the hotel staff was extremely friendly and accommodating. This is a wonderful early 1900's building with lots of character, cozy sitting areas on every floor, very nice room decor, etc. The location is perfect, with a multitude of great restaurants and bars within easy walking distance, and about a 15 minute drive to the airport. The continental breakfast included fresh squeezed orange juice, and the room price was more than reasonable. We'll definitely look forward to staying here the next time we're in San Francisco!	
Nov 22 2008	Great Hotel for a Great Price	Great place to stay while exploring the city at a reasonable price. Property is centrally located and within walking distance to downtown, bars, clubs restaurants and so forth. Very nice staff and went out of their way to help us out.Would stay here again.	
Nov 15 2008 	The only place to stay in SF	When I booked my room at the Edwardian at a danish website I had no idea what to expect. I just needed a room in a hurry at a reasonable price. But when I arrived at the hotel and got into my room, I instantly realized, that this was the only place to live in San Francisco. I travel all the time and I have stayed in many hotels all over the world. And it's very rare that you find hotels who have a soul. This one has it. But if you are looking for a fancy designer hotel this is not something for you. However, if you are looking for authenticity, this is the only place you want to stay.I will definitely come back. Again and again.	
Oct 6 2008 	pretty awesome	this is a very nice and convenient hotel. the host David was very kind and helpful in accommodating your needs for anything you need. the rooms are small but very nice and cozy. the place definitely comfortable and hospitable and in such a convenient location in town. great location if your walking around town instead of driving. i would surely stay here again	
Oct 6 2008 	Wonderful Hotel	Hotel was extremely accomodating with a friendly Staff. David, the hotel's manager, did a very good job helping us find a room to suit our needs. There was fresh coffee brewing all day to go with readily available internet access. The room had a nice decor and a cozy feel. We left happy.	
Oct 2 2008 	OK	Hotel is very homey. The location is very convenient, very accessible. The staff are helful.	
Sep 19 2008 	Makes Motel 6 feel like the Ritz	Absolutely the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. Granted I payed $84 per night in SF, I may have got what I payed for and more...an itchy scalp and grossed out stories to tell my friends. Cons: The curtains, carpet, and bed sheets were draconian and filthy. There was hair on my bed sheets not belonging to me. It took me 2 hours to get my towels replaced and then after all the hassle, I was given 1 new small towel. The bathroom was outside for some rooms (prior to the renovation, guests shared bathrooms) and although I was told one of the outside bathroom was assigned to my room only, there was no outside lock meaning anyone can come and use the bathrooms and I couldn't keep my toiletry safe. At night, it was impossible to read due to the poor lighting. Plus up until about midnight, you could hear the restaurants downstair emptying their trash and glass bottles. Definitely bring your ear plugs for this one. Also no AC/fan, only a heater. So to get air into the stinky rooms, one have to open the windows and deal with the outside noise.Pros: Very few. The front desk staff was pretty nice. Most of the time they were running around dealing with problems. Also beware of late check in, as you'll have to call the &quot;emergency number&quot; to get someone to check you in.	
Sep 17 2008 	GROSS!	Dirty dirty DIRTY and dirty some more. Bugs and mildew, I've stayed in hostels cleaner than this place. The smell is musty, the elevator makes you feel like you'll never get out alive and the manager is an idiot.What a retched hotel, They should hand out ointment for whatever bugs we left with. We slept in our clothing with our jackets as blankets as we were afraid the linens weren't clean. For the price, even with a significant discount, it's not worth a stay.	
Sep 4 2008 	lovely hotel	Really lovely little place. It's not in a very nice area of SF - its in the Tenderloin, but the hotel itself is clean and comfortable, with very friendly staff. Excellent value. Discounts for repeat visitors. Within very close proximity of union square and the Haight. Best of all is the cafe opposite - cafe trieste, which is excellent and serves great food. The manager of the hotel - a moroccan guy, is really helpful and accomodating. Hotel also very quiet. Ive stayed there twice and would highly recommend	
Sep 4 2008 	Nasty!	My first time in SF would've been better if we had booked a better hotel. This was the worst experience I've ever had in a hotel. Staff WAS friendly but the room was so small, smelly, noisy and it also came with a surprise underneath the bed. As we where packing up to go we found a condom wrapper, I felt so disgusted! I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Aug 24 2008 	WORST HOTEL EVER!	DISGUSTING!! We booked this hotel on hotels.com and were MORTIFIED when we walked up to the front doors to see that there, behind a huge pile of tattered and disgusting ripped out carpet and nails, lay the Edwardian hotel. The stairs leading up to the first floor was de-carpeted and filled with vagabond nails and carpet spikes, the construction workers were in and out of the building when we were there, we even had to hold the door open for some of them. the whole place REEKED! We figured that it wouldn't be half bad given the price was nearing 200 dollars usd, The whole place was under renovations and it reeked of paint thinner and mold. The counter kid didn't give two craps about his job and called his manager when we refused to stay in the teeny room with the brick wall view that we unfortunately booked. The kid was told to offer us an 'upgrade' to the fourth floor. You got there via deathtrap elevator and once on the fourth floor the reek of paint thinner and mold was near unbearable. Being six months pregnant, I fear that if we stayed there any longer I would have gone through a spontaneous miscarriage. We paid and never stayed. Their policy is a cancellation fee of a full one nights stay, EVEN if it's unsafe for us to stay. The kid at the front claimed ignorance on the whole thing, and hotels.com is trying to refund at least some of the money we spent on this crap heap, which is against their policy, but because of this instance they are making an exception.DON'T STAY HERE!	
Jul 10 2008 	Central location unreliable booking friendly mgt.	We booked two connected rooms with two double beds each with a shared bath. I spoke directly with someone at the hotel. It was difficult to communicate with the person at the hotel and I was concerned the reservation was not correct. When I called the hotel a week later, my fears were confirmed. They had the wrong number of rooms per night and the wrong room accommodations. It took two calls to correct the mistake. When we arrived in SF to check in, we found our reservation had been screwed up again. Instead of two rooms with two beds each (which evidently doesn't exist) we had on room with a private bath and one bed and one room with a double and singe bed and no private bath. Not only were the rooms not connected, but we didn't have enough room for everyone to sleep! We had to switch rooms different nights and never got the rooms we wanted. We listened as another group of 3 ladies went through the SAME PROCESS! BEWARE! I noticed others commented on this too....The rooms are tiny, but with tons of charm. The hotel was older and not the cleanest, but definitely acceptable. The staff was friendly and helpful. Despite all the confusion, I would probably stay here again. It was a fun experience and a GOOD NEIGHBORHOOD.	
Jun 18 2008 	Great Location on a Budget	I arrived in San Francisco on Saturday and found that the Edwardian is located on 1 of the main streets, making it convenient to the buslines and walking to many places. Right outside, you can catch the 71 bus and for $1.50 and 10-15 minutes of your time, be in the famed Haight/Ashbury neigborhood. Across the street is a coffee house with entertainment every night and great coffee/eats. The aroma of something delicious kept wafting into the building and I noticed there are some fairly swanky restaurants in the direct vicinity of the hotel. The Edwardian, itself, is clean and, from my experience, safe as you need a key to get in the front door. Some of the other hotels in this price range I researched had complaints about panhandlers and unsavory neighborhoods. That was not my experience at the Edwardian. I felt fairly safe coming in after midnight alone, though there is always a safety issue that late in a big city. I had a small, single room with private bath. Yes, it was not a large room, but I was only there to sleep/shower, and I was alone, so it wasn't like I needed much. Maid service came by everyday and changed linens/towels. The building itself was for the most part quiet. The 2nd floor offers a small reading room with comfy chairs, while the 1st floor (not the lobby) offers a pc with internet (somewhat pricey at 30 cents a minute, but OK if you are only checking email) and coffee/tea. The buildling is an older building, perhaps early 1910's-20's. The old elevator might not be completely handicap friendly as it has the iron gate that you have to pull open to get in an out of, but I found it to be charming. In all, I would have to say I enjoyed my 4 nights here. It was safe, quiet, inexpensive, clean, and had a charm that you don't see in the newer, chain hotels.	
Apr 6 2008 	Best deal in town!	I stayed at the Edwardian for 7 nights and was offered a room with a shared bathroom for just $50/night. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly. The hotel is in a great location--between the Castro district and downtown--some very nice cafes and restaurants right across the road. The hotel has character and is the best budget place I've ever stayed in. I highly recommend it.	
Oct 30 2007 	Beware - bait and switch	After making a pre-paid reservation, I arrived at this &quot;hotel&quot; with my wife and was informed they had no rooms available with a private bathroom, so I would have to accept a room with a shared bath, because my booking had a cryptic ROH notation, which apparently meant I could be given whatever room was available at the hotel. The front desk manager was the slowest and least attentive one I have seen in a while. He did not offer any sort of refund. There were 3 other couples who arrived that night who were equally shocked that they would have to stay in a room with no private bath. The fact that there were shared-bath/toilet rooms was not disclosed ANYWHERE in the reservation.The room itself was the tiniest I have ever seen (and I have stayed at 100+ hotels), with very dirty windows, construction and a loud bar/club downstairs. For the second day of our two-day stay we were allowed to switch rooms to a decent room on the top floor with a private bath, but by that time our experience had been completely ruined by the horrible first night. My wife refused to shower in the shared bath.	
Oct 25 2007 	Just okay	We stayed at the Edwardian for a couple of nights in October 2007.To begin with, I'm not a picky man when it comes to hotels. My number one requirement is that they are clean, and the Edwardian was clean. The other positive was its location, with an F line train stop less than one block away, which will take you to Fisherman's Wharf and the rest of the city's sites. Plus, for San Francisco, $120 / night doesn't get you much. The list of negatives include the hotel loosing our reservation (fixed it with a bit or waiting around), no parking (&quot;parking close by&quot; means five blocks to a secured underground parkade), tiny rooms, and a bed and furniture that are very tired relics from the 70s.All in all, I probably wouldn't stay at the Edwardian again. I'd either spend more on a better hotel with parking, or I'd stay in a suburb like Dublin that is on the BART subway line and ride into downtown for the day.	
Oct 3 2007 	Very clean and comfortable - perfect for our needs	Really was pleased with this spartan hotel which was very clean and comfortable, staff was helpful. The hotel, room and common areas were dimunitive and the back rooms faced a construction site that was noisy and unsightly but unless you plan on spending a lot of time inside your room during the day it will not be an issue. The central location of the hotel is ideal, very public transit accesible. We highly recommend this place as a good 2-3 star budget option for central SF.	
Sep 27 2007 	Omg Stay Away!	This hotel was horrible! When I arrived at the hotel they claimed to have lost my reservation and instead placed me in a room with NO BATHROOM! The communal bathroom was horrible, lacked privacy and the shower didn't work. To add insult to injury the room was FREEZING andhad no heat. All they could offer was an extra blanket. When I asked to speak to a manager the night watchman informed me that he was gonefor the evening and I had to speak to him once he returned in the morning! The next day they corrected the mistake and placed me in the correct room. My question was WHY DIDN'T IT HAPPEN THE FIRST TIME. Geez please stay away!	
Sep 19 2007 	I literally cried when I had to stay here	The Edwardian Hotel did not meet even my very low expectations. My room was VERY small and smelled like smoke. The comforter on the bed was old and worn, and it was ripped on the side. I was so grossed out by the comforter that I put it on the floor and did not sleep underneath it. The knob that is used to open/close the blinds was broken, and there was mold in the caulking of the shower. This hotel is in an area of town near what is called &quot;Fillmore&quot;, but I was informed by a friend that locals refer to it as &quot;Filthymore.&quot; Make no mistake, the Edwardian is NOT in a good part of town. It is in an area also known to locals as the &quot;tenderloin,&quot; - NOT a compliment. There was no deadbolt on the door to my room, and there are no screens on the windows. There is no A/C - you must open the window to cool down the room. And without a screen and knowing you're in a bad part of town, this is not a safe option. Overall, I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. It was awful, and I got out of there as soon as I could. I am not exaggerating that I cried (yes, I'm a woman but still...) and was SO thankful when I was able to find something else.	
Aug 7 2007 	Good budget hotel	The Edwardian is a great place for those of us trying to stay within a budget during a trip to San Francisco! The rooms are tidy and well-maintained; we were pleasantly surprised by the size of our en-suite bathroom. The hotel is on Market Street, close to several fun bars and restaurants and within walking distance of Mission Street, Haight-Ashbury, and the BART. There was some street noise on weekday mornings, so bring earplugs if you like to sleep late. My only real complaint is that our bed was not terribly comfortable. Overall, this hotel is a good bargain and definitely worth a look.	
Aug 4 2007 	Consider it an Adventure	Like most things in life, proper expectations are important. Had I known that by booking this room through Priceline I could have ended up with a shared bath, I would not have gone through Priceline. After my bid went through, I found out about this possibility. Reading the reviews, I was hoping for the best yet bracing for the worst. What I ended up with was closer to the &quot;best&quot; end of the scale. My only bit of trouble came from trying to find the off site parking. The web page has incorrect pricing and location. This really should be changed promptly. I spent about 20 minutes driving around looking for public or street parking and could not find anything. Finally I called the hotel and was told where the public parking lot was located. The cost was $8.00 for overnight (until 6am) and $12 for 6am to 6pm. I planned on leaving about 7:30 the next morning and did not want to pay $12 for another hour and a half. Luckily the lot attendant was still there and told me there would be no problem staying until 7:30. The charge was only $8.00. Considering one of my co-workers stayed at another property and the parking charge was $40 for the 13 hours he was there, I felt I got a great deal! The public parking lot was less than 2 blocks away (not long blocks but if toting a lot of luggage this could be an issue - no place on the street to pull over while you check in and drop off luggage). Check in was quick and the manager was very friendly. He asked me if I had a preference for room location and I told him I would just like to have a private bath. He did explain that Priceline rooms were &quot;run of the house&quot; and that could mean a shared bath. I was lucky and the hotel was not full so a private bath would not be a problem. He indicated there were 2 rooms on each floor that shared a bath, but the remaining 40 (I think this was the number he said) rooms all had private baths. He called the &quot;lift&quot; for me and showed me how to operate it. Very old world and charming. The room was indeed small, with the bed pushed up against one wall. One small table for a night stand and another table a little larger that had a phone on it with rather wilty Carnations. There was a rolling rack with some hangers on it that was along the wall and a small TV in a cabinet. The TV did have a remote and I did not have to pay a deposit for it. On top of the TV was a clock radio with alarm. The bedspread and window draperies were of good quality fabric and design. The bathroom was rather large considering the size of the sleeping room. Lovely tile with a pedestal sink. Very clean with the exception of some of the grout lines in the shower. However I have stayed at $300 a night rooms that have been worse. Had I been traveling with my husband, he would not have appreciated the &quot;adventure&quot; and would have been very unhappy here. Yet, had we received this exact same room in Europe during a vacation, I think he would have been fine. Again, all in the expectations or preconceived ideas we have.This hotel was perfect for what I purchased it for; an overnight stay. The common rooms were small but nice and has previously been said, coffee and tea were always available for free. All things considered, I would rather stay in a small room with a lot of charm (few amities, but lots of charm) than a larger room in a non descript chain hotel.	
Jul 21 2007 	Nice Little Gem	I stayed here a while ago and made some petty complaints about outside noise and such (street noise and there was construction going on...no fault of the hotel's). This was my first time in San Fran and have since stayed at other hotels in the city around the same price range. I have discovered that this hotel is the best for your buck. I't's clean, very cozy, centrally-located and cheap. Plus, the staff is very friendly. I have learned my lesson, Edwardian. I think I can deal with a little bit of street noise for the value. I would definitely like to come back.	
May 17 2007 	Loved the Edwardian	I called the hotel a day or two before my visit and asked to upgrade to one of the jacuzzi rooms. There was no problem at all and my room was upgraded for a very reasonable fee. The room was clean and the bed very comfortable. being right off Market St it was noisy outside, but certainly not unreasonable. The service was very good and friendly. I would certainly stay at the Edwardian again on my next visit to San Francisco.	
May 6 2007 	Good place for medium term stays	Nice hotel near everything (Civic Center, BART within walking distance, Muni infront of the door, close to Mission District and just around the corner of the nice shops and restaurants around Gough Street). It has clean, handsome furnished rooms, very friendly and helpful stuff, good wekly rates and great service. There's free coffee all day in the lobby room and the guy at the desks helps where he can! Defintly a great place to stay!	
Mar 19 2007 	nice little place close to everything	This hotel was great for a two night stay. My friend and I have only two complaints one is there were no washclothes in the bathroom and the cleaning lady when we asked did not have any on her cart, so we had to go to walgreens and purchase 2 of them for our own use. The second one is about orbitz and the lack of choice as to what kind of room you can book, so we ended up with one bed and my friend got that and I was on the floor, but I am used to sleeping on the floor and so that was not really a problem as I was not there for the second night so did not have to worry about sleeping on the floor. But over all the whole place was great, we got in a little late but the front desk person named clayton was very helpful as to where to park ( note to people there is a pay lot on the corner of oak and not sure of the other name, but it is $5.00 for 12 hours of parking.) Also this hotel is NOT THE RITZ and should be given a chance, just because of it's location does not mean it is bad.	
Feb 21 2007	v. helpful staff	The hotel is very conveniently located on market street within walking distance (a mi.) of museums, theatre and the financial district. It is also right in front of a tram stop, which is a huge plus. My only beef was that I booked my reservation at Expedia and was a bit disappointed that the room was one with a shared bath and WC. This important detail didn't stand out while making the reservation; esp. if you consider that Expedia has the Edwardian rated as 2-1/2 star which it in all fairness really isn't. This is a screwup on Expedia's part however as they need to make sure their ratings are more fair and balanced because I was certainly charged higher room rates by them as per the higher rating.The manager at the Edwardian, Aziz, was however quite considerate when I pointed this out to him and bumped the room to a bigger bed and bath for the 2 nights out of 4 that he had availability for no extra charge at all. If you are just looking for a place to crash and a great, easy-access location, this is a nice choice. I would also make reservations with the hotel directly for possibly better rates. And two definite thumbs up for a friendly staff.	
Feb 6 2007 	Great Room Good Value Very Polite 	Found this room online and was impressed with the low price and was even more impressed with the hotel itself. Full of little nooks and ambiance. Loved it.. There is a small dining room on the 2nd floor that has the best wireless signal.	
Feb 1 2007 	pure hell	After moving from my apartment last week i decided to stay at the edwardian hotel for a week called the hotel made the reservation was given a rate of $350 thought it was good the desk clerk David was giving me a deal at the end of the week he decided to slap on an extra $ 49 tax which was not agreed over the phone and then i looked up a few hotel websites and checked out the week that i stayed there the prices for the hotel in question on two other websites had been slashed to $49 per night including tax.So travelers beware always check out other websites you might get a better deal rather than contacting the hotel itself!	
Jan 17 2007 	Filthy cold hotel	The hotel was filthy, the room smelled like an adult book store with profusions of mold and mildew in bathroom. Heating non-existent as it must be turned on by person at the front desk with no in room adjustment.When presented with the problems the schmarmy hotel manager tried to not confront the issues, did offer to switch rooms for me, but since the problems are systemic this was not really an option. Only by applying huge pressure from [--] did I get a refund.	
Jan 13 2007 	Edwardian convenient location yet off the tourist track	The Edwardian is conveniently located on Market Street. It will taken you 5 minutes to get to Union Square by the F Market trolley, if that's where you are headed. Yet, it is close to the residential neighborhoods and has easy access to the Haight, Golden Gate Park, the Mission, and other areas where the locals and more seasoned travelers go.Rooms are comfortable and offer shared or private baths, internet and two comfotable sitting rooms in a typical Edwardian style building. Staff are friendly and helpful and very familiar with San Francisco.	
Dec 26 2006	Terrible hotel...	I stayed at this hotel for 6 nights at the end of December 2006 and had one of the worst hotel experiences in my life!Would not recommend this hotel for anything but its location (which is convenient).I had a single tiny room, with old furniture (partly) falling apart. It had a horrible cigarette smell which would not go away.Most importantly, the first day I was there, didn't have any hot water in my room! Also, the heating wasn't working and believe me, the outside temperature was really low... Despite mentionning this problem several times to the hotel manager, it was not fixed before the 4th day of my stay, which made it totally unpleasant and uncomfortable.Also, one day, my room was not tidied up. And another day, the elevator did not work (I stayed on the 4th floor).Everytime I (rightfully) complained about problems to the manager, he looked really annoyed... So my advice: don't go there, it's certainly not worse the price you will pay. And don't believe the positive reviews you may find here, which I believe are all complete lie... This hotel is not even worse a 1 star hotel...	
Dec 13 2006	Excellent!! David extremely helpful!!	Our 10 day stay at the Edwardian was a very pleasant experience. Reasonable rates, clean rooms, friendly staff and easy access to transportation. We would (and have) recommend this hotel. We would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 20 2006 	Nice little hotel!	Some of the rooms are small, but it is very clean and the staff was wonderful. David the manager was very helpful and kind to me. I will be coming back for sure. It's a a ten minute leisurely walk to the Opera House and the sympony, faster than parking! Lots of great restaurants in the area as well.	
Sep 16 2006	Great Value Convienient Location	This place is no palace, but it's a great price in a great location. Clean rooms and friendly staff. I arrived early, but was still allowed to check in and was also moved to a room with free Wi-Fi when asked. There's a Trolley Car stop right out front that travels between The Castro area and Fisherman's Wharf so that took care of where I needed to go. Public Transport in SF is cheap and well run, the complete opposite of LA.During the day I would catch the trolley downtown for sight seeing and then at night catch it up to Castro for dinner and drinks.	
Aug 17 2006 	Don't go there if you have a car	We arrived quite late in the evening by car, and it was difficult even to stop by the hotel to ask about the parking. We ended up parking around the block (probably illegally), and were advised that the hotel guests can use a parking lot a few blocks away. The area is full of homeless, and when we found the parking lot it was empty and we did not feel secure leaving the car there by itself. However, we didn't have much other choice as there was no supervised parking in the area. When we booked the hotel through Venere, the information was that the hotel has a garage. This is not true. Unloading the luggage is also quite difficult as there is nowhere to stop outside the hotel. The hotel has carpets both in the hallways and in the rooms, and these seem so old that they really do not feel clean. So even if the room probably was clean it felt quite dusty. There is no ventilation and as others have mentioned it's impossible to open the windows... well you can, but they are old and quite dangerous. The bathrooms are large, but the appliances (hairdryer) did not really look usable. The location was ok; it's central, but full of homeless. They are not dangerous, but I would not rate this as the best neighborhood. Going around from the hotel was easy because of the tram and buses stopping just outside the hotel entrance.	
Jun 5 2006	Excellent Service and Great Location	I've stayed here 4 or 5 times over the past few years and have always been glad I did. The location is great and the rooms are clean and well maintained. David and his staff are courteous and very friendly. On my last trip I left something behind which they found and sent back to me, then called to follow up. Top notch!	
May 30 2006	Came for a night; stayed the whole week	I came to San Francisco to look for an apartment and figured I would stay one night at a hotel, and then move into a weekly rental place after that. But the Edwardian is centrally located and the management was terrifcally accomodating, so I ended up staying the whole week at the Edwardian while apartment hunting. I love the European feel to the place. Only bad thing is some construction is going on off the back of the hotel, but it's not a big deal. Hotel was great, found my apartment, all worked out...	
May 15 2006	excellent value and service	I originally checked in to a hotel that turned out to be a nightmare (cockroaches, etc.) and decided to move to the Edwardian.David the manager was extremely friendly and helpful. He gave me a free room upgrade and put me in a room with wireless access when he saw my laptop. The room and bathroom were clean and nicely decorated.For the price, quality, location and service, I think this hotel would be hard to beat.	
Apr 30 2006	realy good surprise	i went to this hotel for 10 days in april, and i realy enjoyed the team, the hotel's style, and it was about 3 min by foot from the subway, and 2 stations away from the most popular place for doin'' shopping and taking cable cars to ficherman's wharf; my room was clean, and the common bathroom to, i'll be back again!	
Apr 29 2006 	Offardable and located in very good place	My stay here was for 6 days, the house keeping and the management was also friendly and helpful. For that price we can't expect more and also its located in Market st, what else I can tell about this..better deal at a better place, i feel.	
Apr 2 2006	Nice little gem	As a journalist I travel quite a bit. I checked out the reviews of the edwardian on this site but decided to check it out anyway. So with some trepidation I checked into the hotel. I found this charming little hotel to be a hidden gem in the city. The staff were both gregarious and informative. I opted to take the cheapest room and even though it is small(it does have a double bed)I found it to be tastefully decorated and very clean. The hotel has a coffee bar for free and reading rooms on every floor. For those of you that like a french style pension or country Inn this is the place to stay! Very reasonable rates and located on an upscale part of market street(not the area with all the homeless) it is convienent to public trans and all the tourist sites that san fran has to offer. Of course with any stay there are always some things one would like to be different. For me if they offered larger bars of soap for the shower and herbal teas besides the black tea it would be grand. I would highly recomend this hotel to anyone looking for a great deal in san fran.	
Apr 1 2006	A wonderfull stay	My familly came in from Washington D.C. They stayed at the Edwardian Hotel since it is located in the heart of San Francisco. It is very convenient, close to all the shops, attractions, and transportation.The rooms are clean and cozy, the service was outstanding, and the price was reasonable comparing it to other European style hotels.I will definetly recommend this place and I will bring all my visitors. Matter of fact, my girlfreind and I are planing to spend the night there for her birthday.Sam	
Mar 9 2006	Terrible Experience; Refused to Stay	ANY review of this hotel that is above 1-Star is VERY SUSPECT!!!!Booked this thru [-----------] based on pictures/review saying it was a “European boutique style hotel”. First bad sign was that the front door was locked and it wasn’t even 5:00 p.m.; after front desk clerk finally opened door, he was rude and condescending. Elevator was scary; felt for sure we were going to get stuck. Room on the third floor overlooking Market Street (truly the busiest street in S.F.) so it was loud, cold (no heat and it was February), no closet but a metal rack shoved beside bed. Bathroom was ok but that was it. After my husband asked me if I thought they rented this room “by the hour” that was all I needed to get out of there. However, this was after we clearly heard a drug deal and solicitation going on down on the street even though we were on the 3rd floor!Called front desk to ask for money back (we had booked / prepaid for two nights) was told no, they refused to give a refund and the clerk was extremely rude. We then called “Hotels” and advised that this location misrepresented itself on the web site and that it was a dangerous, unsafe environment. The DID refund our money and offered to find another hotel for us and even called a Cab to pick us up.	
Feb 15 2006 	Enjoyed my stay	I stayed at the Edwardian for two weeks. I would use it again and would recommend it to friends. Caveat: I imagine each room is different. I like what I got!- weekly rate was negotiable esp. when I had already explored other nearby places and let them know I was looking at them.- bathroom clean, new- high-speed wireless internet though it did not cover the entire hotel. Seemed to be best near the front common areas on each floor.- &quot;Old World&quot; charm including a very special elevator that holds old paintings in frames on its walls.- Place was clean, quiet- Bed was average or better than average- Cable TV (though a few stations were fuzzy until I moved the tv a bit).- location is pretty good, though after dark there's little quick/fast food open nearby. But that stuff isn't a far walk. Lots happening up Van Ness which is only a few blocks away. Transit very easy to get to.- staff were friendly.CON- no mini fridges or microwaves in the rooms I saw.- no pop/soda/snack machines that I could see.- shower a bit weak- my room (#34), while having a nice view, faced SOMETHING that gave off a whole lot of cigarette smoke! I believe it was the fancy restaurant below the window. So I kept the window closed. I never noticed the smoke smell w the window closed.- room was small but nicely done.	
Oct 31 2005 	Awful do not even think about staying here		
Mar 17 2005	Awful. Steer clear of this hotel!! Dirty rooms 		
Jan 25 2005	2 1/2 stars? More like 1 star at best		
May 25 2004	Liked it!		
Apr 16 2004	had a great time		
Apr 14 2004	Fabulous hotel with a European charm.		
Mar 7 2004	Horrid....		
Feb 16 2004	Don't stay at the Edwardian - you will regret it		
Sep 29 2009 	Nie wieder!!!		
Jun 9 2009 	je recommande vivement		
Feb 16 2009 	????????????????		
Jul 3 2008 	Horrorhotel - Schlechteste Unterkunft meines Lebens!!!		
