Oct 15 2006 	Horrible	Sure, it's cheap - but you get what you pay for (and then some). Room was FILTHY and TINY. So-called &quot;Housekeeping&quot; consists of daily replacement of two towels for bathing (hand-sized towels). Dark, small, dingy rooms (carpet at least 30 years old; had huge stains and cigarette burns all over).Cable TV non-operational (managed to receive five channels); no remote (management refuses to give out, citing &quot;theft&quot;).Despite the above, my biggest complaint was with the weekend overnight front desk clerk. Do not DARE to &quot;bother&quot; him; he went as far as to say to me that he doesn't &quot;give a sh*t,&quot; when I inquired about a FedEx delivery from work. Beyond me why they retain an employee with this attitude towards paying customers'.Management needs to reaccess employees' and their &quot;presentation,&quot; in my humble opinion.	
Jun 22 2006 	Cheap noisy bad TV 	I stayed here in 6/06 in a street-facing room, 4th floor. The room was noisy: a Fire Dept. not far down the street, sends engines driving with loud horns 24/7, just below the non-insulated window. There's no real view anyway, so stick to a back room.The TVs have no remote. When I asked for one, I got the run-around (&quot;come tomorrow&quot;, &quot;talk to the manager&quot;, ...) and finally after almost a week the clerk let out the truth: some guests stole some remotes sometime ago, and the manager simply decided to confiscate all remotes from all rooms indefinitely, no exceptions - unbeleivable! The TV itself has only a fw channels with very bad reception. My TV cable was not even plugged properly into the TV until I asked it to be fixed, but the reception, although improved, was horrible even then. You get to see snowy CNN, HBO, Encore, USA and a few local stations.The bath had an old-fashioned tub-on-legs and a sink, both without plugs, so I could only shower, not bathe. The tub had a plastic curtain that I needed to pull around the tub if I didn't want a flood. The 3 towels were all relatively small. I asked the chaimbermaid for a large one, but they don't have any. Oh, and don't forget to bring your own shampoo and drinking glasses/mugs (you get a few clear-plastic cups). The toilet leaked for a while, but that was quickly fixed.The maid cleans, vacuums and tucks-in the bed daily, but linens are not replaced.The living room size was medium, and contained a bed, table+2, small dresser, mini-fridge and small wall closet. Most of the guests were International students in their 20s.The elevator is one of the old kinds, with a folding metal mesh that you need to pull aside to enter and it slams right back on you if you're not careful.There's free wireless access, but reception degrades the farther you get from the lobby. At my 4th floor room, reception quality was low. But there are places to sit in the lobby if you wish to surf, and many do so.Location is 3.5 blocks from Union Square, but in a run-down environment which is unpleasant at night, next to the notorious Tenderloin district. The only reason I give this place a rating of two is it's relatively low price for a location so close to Union Square. Personally, I won't stay here again, and would only recommend it to students on a tight budget.I guess you get what you pay for...	
Mar 4 2006	great little deal!	I travel alot in my job and in san fran I discovered a very reasonalbe bed and breakfast located just 4 blocks from union square. I have been paying just 63 US Dollars a nite for a private room w/bath and it includes both breakfast and dinner. Rooms are a good size and they have claw footed bathtubs/shower which is great for us tall people!! The hotel could use a few upgrades ie the weather channel and newer tellies but who on holiay really watches the telly anyway except for the news. I highly recommend the hotel for the budget saavy traveler and for those that want something other than the normal corporate box rooms that you find so often. This hotel is in a 6 story older building that has bay windows in the front.  Great place and great rate!	
Jun 12 2005	As lower hotel prices are concerned look here first.	For the price, rooms are comfortable and clean and quiet for the most part. The manager and assistants at the front desk are very courteous and attentive and make every effort to be accommodating. Adequate full breakfast. Don't know about the dinners but I overheard someone say it's a lot better now because they rotate the menu. Nice computers if serviced more often. Old world ambiance and hospitality. As lower end hotel prices are concerned, look here first.	
Apr 10 2005	Do not stay in this hotel	The hotel was really dirty and some of the front desk staff were very rude. Besides, the ceiling leaked during the night!! Yes it really liked from the head lamb. God knows what was that water? This hotel must be your last resort.	
Nov 14 2004	The Ansonia should be your last choice	While a bit quaint in decor, the Ansonia is most truly the worst hotel I have experienced for customer service. Some of the front desk staff are most friendly and helpful, while others do not hesitate to show they hold guests in utter contempt. For a traveller on a budget who only has to spend one night, my suggestion is to pay extra and stay near the airport. If you are staying any longer, investigate the area further before committing to the Ansonia. If I would have know earlier how unfriendly this hotel is to the paying customer, I would not have given it a second look. While proximity to events downtown is desirable, Ansonia has only location as a drawing card, and that is most definitely not enough. I have found much better lodgings in the area now, and will truly never return to the Ansonia. Business or pleasure travel should not have the stress of this environment. My overall rating of the Ansonia is less than one out of ten, and would not recommend it, either for dollar value or atmosphere. San Francisco is a great city, but my experience at the Ansonia has genuinely affected this visit.	
Oct 18 2004	Great location quaint hotel	stayed for 3 nights at the end of may.the location is great, walking distance to almost everywhere of interest. the rooms are cute and spacious for the price. the heat even came by early evening even though the temperature didn't dip below 60 yet.	
Aug 6 2004	ansonia is a terrible hotel	This is the worst hotel I have ever been, STAY AWAY from this hotel! And, never choose with the meal option, the kitchen is full of flies!!	
Apr 2 2004	Ansonia Abby Hotel-A Great Place to Stay	My 9 yr old daughter and I checked into the hotel March 26-April 1, 2004. We stayed in an old character 2 room with a private bath facing Post Street. This is an excellent place to stay! It's a safe, clean, quiet hotel at a great location which hosts to alot of respectful foreign/exchange students. Breakfast and supper are included which saves you alot of ($$). The hotel has 24 hour front desk security and the staff and kitchen staff are very friendly and helpful. If you are on a budget and want to travel around the city and surrounding areas using public transportation or walking this is the place to stay!!!	
Jan 15 2004	A good value	I am staying at the Ansonia right now. I checked in last night for a 6-night stay. I have stayed at many B&amp;B hotels (which this place is). I believe that it is a good value because for $63 per night inlcuding tax (14% hotel tax in San Francisco) I receive: * a private room with bath (lots of hot water) * all-you-want-to eat breakfast (e.g. French toast, scrambled eggs, orange juice, tea/coffee/milk, bacon, ham) -- all average * all-you-want-to-eat supper (e.g., shells with ground beef, steamed broccoli and carrots, coffee/tea/milk, canned peaches) -- all average * free high-speed Internet access (5 computers with 24/7 access) * safe neighborhood only 3 blocks from Union Square My room has some carpet stains but the sheets and pillow cases are clean, the bathroom is small but clean, the room is reasonably quiet (get one in the back of the hotel and on an upper floor), and the staff folks are friendly and helpful. My room has a TV but only one channe comes in well; but I don't watch TV at home and one doesn't go to San Francisco to watch TV anyway.The Ansonia ain't the Hilton or even the Holiday Inn, but it's adequate for my needs and it fits my budget. I'd stay here again. I'd stay here aga	
Oct 13 2003	staying in this hotel?	Well!!! we were desesperate for a place to stay til we could find a better place then we hit with this place with no choice it was't too bad but needs more clean..., otherwise make it cheaper!!! thanks	
Jun 21 2003	Unless you're desperate.....	I booked a room here based upon good reviews in certain guide books and nice looking rooms on the hotel web site.However, on arrival I was shown to a room with a badly stained carpet, rusty taps, peeling paint, broken tv, and a view of a brick wall. This place is a dump and should be shut down.Breakfast and dinner are included in the room rate but unless you want to risk delhi belly then I would advise you to steer well clear.I admit that it's cheap and the free internet access is great but unless you're really desperate don't even think about checking in here!	
Feb 11 2003	Great Price Fun Hotel	Really low price for a nice clean room. Lot's of international guests, some foreign students, nice atmosphere. Couldn't get my husband out of the free Computer / Internet Room! Food was good and FREE, but not gourmet. Nice staff!!	
