	Very nice hotel.	Nice hotel and very clean rooms .The breakfast was OK but found out that all their dishes were dirtyall the 2 times we eat there :( so we found another place. so look at their cups and glasses. Didn´t find the staff so helpfull but friendly. The location is in a very very bad area, but nice that is so close to everything. My boyfriend draged me trough Ellis st. 3 times, cause we turned a litle to soon :) I was so scared, very uncomfy :( Nothing happend to us, but I´ve never been so scared before. To meny homeless and junkies I think. We saw a girl pull down her pants right infront of us and just startet to pee, then walked around with her pants down.. funny but chokin` Just remember the name of the street that you have to turn at :) overall we had a very good stay.	
	Awesome	Great service and very helpful staff. Always happy to help with questions and with ideas about what to see and do.Rooms are lovely, cleaned daily and with all the amenities you'd expect at an expensive hotel. Great location, situated right in the heart of SF, close to public transport and cable cars only a couple of blocks away. Rooms came with a continental breakfast located on the top floor of the hotel with a lovely view of SF. Breakfast was very filling and you can eat as little or as much as you like. Staff and rooms were the best part of the hotel experience.	
Nov 21 2009 	Great Hotel good and safe location	Stayed a week in the hotel, highly recommended, comfortable, friendly, good breakfast; As I live in central London, I did not feel threatened at all around the hotel; yes, there are some homeless people, but they do not threaten you in anyway. You can easily walk around the area. from the airport, the BART stop is Civic Center. will stay again.	
Nov 14 2009 	Overall...a great hotel!	Found this hotel last minute on the internet...was a bit concerned with several reviews mentioning location was bad...but went for it anyways because of price, central location, and continental breakfast and internet included. I am happy to have taken a chance because the hotel was just what we needed for our 3 day stay. The room was average size but very new looking, modern and clean with a very nice washroom. The continental breakfast was fine also, nothing to write home about, just your average continental breakfast food (cereals, fruits, yogurt, granola, ham, hard boiled eggs, juices, coffee, tea, etc)... but they did have freshly made waffles that were very good, and quite honestly all that we needed in the morning before we got going (this is a great way to save some money!)...the shuttle service was a great service, it goes to Union Square (which is actually a 10-15min walk from the hotel) and also to Fishermans Wharf. It was super convenient to have that service available and we used it several times, a great extra and again an excellent way to save some money. We walked to Union Square on the last day, in the morning, and it was perfectly fine and very safe feeling. Apparently there is a homeless shelter down the road from the hotel, but you can easily avoid it by going up a street and then across so it was no problem at all. You will miss out on a great hotel, with great extra and free amenities, if you listen to the reviews that try to scare you with the location issue...take a chance on this one, you will be pleasantly surprised!...ps...travelled with partner and our 5 yr old and it was everything we needed and more!!!...staff was also very good, and very helpful...	
Nov 14 2009 	A hidden gem	This hotel's star rating really should be much higher. Unfortunately, for the hotel, some of the streets of the surrounding neighborhood must bring down the rating. Of course, when you're on vacation in a strange or big city, you feel skiddish or paranoid because you're outside of your daily comfort zone. I was alone the first few nights of my stay. I just made sure I didn't walk around with a map in my hands, my camera hanging of my neck and cash sticking out my back pocket, and I was perfectly fine. The hotel is in a great location in a major U.S. city. There are some streets that look rougher than others. It was walking distance from Union Square, city hall, and a subway entrance. For places further away, the hotel offered a courtesy shuttle that I used daily for pick up and drop off to the Wharf and other areas. The interior of the hotel was very stylish and comfortable and everything looked (or actually was) brand new. The staff was very friendly, knowledgeable, and overall just nice people. They were not fake-friendly or pushy. When I came back from sight-seeing, they would make restaurant recommendations, ask how my trip was going, and made arrangements for anything I needed from tours and taxis to a shuttle to the airport. Overall, an incredible hotel experience.	
Nov 11 2009 	Its rating should be 4 stars instead of 2	I have been to SF many times and so surprised to find a hotel this nice in this neighborhood and good price. Everything is new. Staff is friendly. Gym and business center are great. Breakfast is good too. Other reviews may mention of it location but I didn't feel threatened because first I know SF well, second I used Cova's shuttle to travel out of the zone. Everything is perfect for me.	
Nov 9 2009 	Top banana of a hotel	This hotel was tip top. Bit of a sketchy location but we had no problems with anyone and walked along the street several times each day.We found the Americans very friendly and the receptionists where lovely to us espeically the beautiful one from Uzbekistan who i want to marry.Overall though the staff where very helpful and i would recommend checking out the ruby skye nightclub and thank you again for putting up with 4 drunken English clowns.Dan Burnett	
Nov 3 2009 	Nice Hotel in Adventurous Neighborhood.	Most first time visitors to San Francisco will be taken aback by the number of homeless panhandlers and working women encountered when traveling the city streets and the area surrounding the Cova Hotel seems to have more than it's share.That said, the hotel itself is very nice and has an almost Feng Shui vibe going on. The rooms are average size, simply appointed and clean. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Chris in particular was not only a pleasure to speak with but went out of his way to point out local attractions, places to eat and provide tips on how to navigate the neighborhood safely.Although not advisable for everyone, I did walk from the hotel to the Moscone center and back several times with no real trouble. Yes, the walk was adventurous but I was not approached by anyone. I would recommend walking up to Geary before heading towards Powell (Union Center) versus walking down Ellis.	
Oct 30 2009 	Nice hotel	The hotel, the room and the staff was all nice. But be careful of Ellis street - get the advices of front-desk staff and use the shuttle to go to city center.	
Oct 28 2009 	Beware of the unsafe area although hotel is very nice.	The hotel was an upscale attractive boutique hotel. The staff were very friendly yet most very uninformed of the city, nearby attractions, transportation and good restaurants since they were all new employees (hotel is new). The rooms were small but cozy with a Juliet balcony and nice upgraded amenities. Unfortunately, the rooms have no A/C and in place of it they have provided guests with an oscilating fan (strange and not appreciated when its warm out!). The breakfast, although included, was quite an odd arrangement and not very good. The layout of the breakfast area was also strange for example the bread was on the main buffet table and the toaster was in the opposite corner of the room on a very short table you almost had to kneel down to put your bread in. There was a terrace off the breakfast room which made it more pleasant to enjoy although food was subpar. They offer a free hotel shuttle on a strict schedule but it only runs to Union Square and Fishermans Wharf. IMPORTANT NOTE! Fishermans Wharf is not an easy area to get a taxi after 8pm. There is a taxi stand you must wait at and sometimes the line can be over 30-40 people long. Rarely do you see a taxi go by either. Last, but certainly NOT least would be the neighborhood. Extremely sketchy and not a good area to walk through. The hotel even has walking directions to union square in the key packets because of how unsafe the area is. We misread their directions and took a wrong turn and I will be honest, I was scared for my life. If you cant handle taking transportation everywhere you go, this is not the hotel to stay in. My guess is the area will probably be upscale in 10 years so this hotel is getting a head start in the neighborhood and saved a lot of money purchasing the building. Its a hotel only for the strong-willed because you will not feel safe when you look out the window and see gangs of people at 4am hanging outside the hotel on the sidewalk. Good luck!	
Oct 9 2009 	Good hotel shame about location	Stayed here for one night as our previous hotel was fully booked for our last night. We read the reviews on trip advisor before we went about the location. I thought we would be ok and expected to see a few homeless people etc. Firstly when we walked down the road it was full of homeless people, not sure if there were prostitutes aswell. I was very warey of the people. I did not feel safe walking down the street. Even though nobody approached us I vowed I would not walk down tha street again. Needless to say we got taxis everywhere after that. The hotel itself is great, really clean and modern with helpful staff. We needed to get a taxi to the baseball game and the taxi the hotel had booked had not arrived so the men off reception were running around the streets trying to hail us a cab. They were really good to us and luckily we managed to get to the game on time. The continental breakfast was lovely, and the gym was really good with modern equipment. Unfortunately I could not stay here again, the hotel itself is great but the location really lets it down.	
Oct 8 2009 	Euro Swank with Great Service	This hotel is within walking distance of pretty much all of the &quot;sights&quot; of San Francisco. If feeling too exhausted or full from eating at Pearl's to walk down to the Pier, the hotel has a free shuttle with scheduled times for pick up. I can't say enough about how helpful and wonderful the staff at the Cova were to us. It was great and would definitely go back and stay at the Cova.	
Aug 25 2009 	Unique Surrounding	Although first glimpse of the area was a little on the 'rough' side, once we heard of the free shuttle to union square and fisherman's warf, we made ourselves right at home. The breakfast was supurb, the staff was beyond gracious, specifically concierge Chris. He went out of his way on multiple occasions to cater to a couple of needs we had. The breakfast was nice. Fresh waffles were a delight, the coffe was fair, and they had a great choice of fruits. Cova was the icing on the cake to the great city of San Francisco!!	
Aug 15 2009 	Cova is fine but location isn't.	My husband and I spent 5 days at the Cova Hotel in San Francisco while we were attending a conference at the Hilton. We chose the Cova because it's reasonable walking distance to the Hilton, serves a daily breakfast (lines can be long for that in SF restaurants) and the price was right. The hotel itself has a modern minimalist lobby and our room was comfortable enough (though a heavy duvet seems like overkill for mild SF weather). The breakfasts were adequate, but nothing special - hard-boiled eggs, lukewarm waffles, yogurt with/dried cranberries, granola and occasionally fresh blueberries, and a choice of cereals. The only extraordinary aspect of the breakfast is the chance to eat on the roof, which provides some great views of the city. Even if you don't eat breakfast, we recommend going to the 8th floor to see the views.We had read the previous reviews about the neighborhood, but thought that the &quot;dodginess&quot; of the neighborhood simply referred to SF's panhandlers, who have always been numerous in our past visits. I'll be a bit more descriptive because it may help other travelers. I'll start by saying no one on the street bothered us once when we walked to and from our hotel for the entire 5 days. That said, my husband &amp; I (who are fairly young and normally have little fear in urban areas) resolved on the first day to always go to &amp; from the hotel as a couple - never alone. Everyday on our walk to/from Cova, we'd specifically see drug deals, street sex workers, shouting and occasional physical altercations between street people. In the hotel, we would hear occasional shouting at night. Again, we never had any direct interactions with any of the people who have street turf around the Cova so I don't think they have any interest in the hotel guests, but the neighborhood did make our stay more stressful than relaxing. Yet, one could also say that this was a memorable experience.There are so many small hotels in San Francisco, that I'd definitely make a different choice next time and be sure that we avoid this area of town - even a hotel a few blocks North and East would have made all the difference.	
Jul 28 2009 	Not Prime Location	The hotel was pretty...The style that it portrayed did not fit the location of the city...I think the front doors being locked at night is a fine example of that...Parking was not included in your stay...The walls are THIN...	
Jul 27 2009 	Very nice hotel	Very nice hotel, very impress with the room and the cleaness - very good value :)unfortunately the location wasn't that impressive, though it's located at downtown however the neighbourhoods wasn't that good and the manager Germaine - very nice personOverall, it's value for money	
Jul 16 2009 	This hotel was awesome!	Location was a little dicey, but the hotel was awesome. We recieved fabulous and personal attention from the staff, particularly Armando, Latoya and Charles. They were exceptionally helpful. Our room was wonderful, and more than expected. There were many other choices in SF, but I would never stay at any other hotel than this one. Parking was reasonable in a city that seems to gouge for everything, and we enjoyed this experience immensely. I would recommend this hotel for anyone willing to stay a bit out of the mainstream and have nicer rooms at a very reasonable rate.	
Jul 7 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised	We spent three nights over the 4th of July weekend. We had a very late check-in. The front doors were locked at night due to its location. We were told to pull into the parking structure and have the parking attendant let us in. We paid for parking for the length of our stay - $25/night. We were given a discount on the first night of parking since we arrived late. The late night staff didn't speak very much English but we checked in without any issues. The room itself was a little small (narrow) but was very clean and nicely decorated. There was a small flat panel TV mounted on the wall. There were two Queen beds that were extremely comfortable. Probably the best hotel bed I've ever slept on. I believe there was a mattress pad as well as a down comforter and an additional blanket at the end of the bed. A small desk with the usual accomodations was situated in the corner. The reason for the 4 out of 5 rating is the room didn't have any air conditioning. We had to sleep with the sliding glass door slightly opened for air circulation. Otherwise, the room would have been really stuffy. A screen door would have been nice to keep anything from flying in. With the door open overnight and from 7 floors up, we heard everything from sirens to people yelling. The bathroom was decorated in a modern design with bamboo bath accessories. There was a spa-like feel to it. The bath towels were quite large which was nice. The hotel offered free continental breakfast every morning - which was pretty good. They served waffles, toast, english muffins, cup of noodles, hard boiled eggs, fresh fruit, cereal, coffee, tea, apple juice, cranberry juice, milk, and orange juice. The staff worked very hard to keep everything well stocked. Overall I think this hotel is a great find. The area was kind of shady when we were driving up at 3am, but when we pulled into the parking lot, security wasn't an issue. We had no problems walking around in the area during the day. I would definitely recommend this hotel to a friend.	
Jun 23 2009 	Pleasant stay	Although the location of the hotel wasn't the best in San Fran, the rooms and staff were excellent. The cleanliness of the rooms were also very good, and the security inside the hotel was top notch.Another pro was the hourly shuttle that would go around SF. Ranging from Union Square to Fisherman's Wharf . A business center, underground parking and gym were also available! Wi-fi was also a nice option for me, since I had brought along a lap top. Overall it was a pleasant to stay in Cova Hotel, and I would happily return for another stay if I was to.	
Jun 13 2009 	loved the cova hotel	we stayed here for 4 nights and can i say the hotel was lovely. from the minute we walked into the hotel the staff were very helpful. the room was lovely and modern. the area was not great but as soon as we got there the staff gave us a map and told us not to go a certain way to union square we did as they said and never came across any street people. when returning to the hotel at night from eg pier 39 we d get a taxi to the door $15 dolllars including tip.the free breakfasts were lovelyif we were to travel back to san francisco we d stay here again	
May 25 2009	Beautiful rooms and good service	We went to Cova Hotel in november for few days. The hotel was really nice, welcoming staff, beautiful rooms ( large, modern, clean). There is also access to a gym and a free (excellent) breakfast. However, we were very confused because of the location, it was weird and didn't look very safe at night. But we will definitly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 26 2009 	Great Hotel and staff are very helpful	This hotel although under refurbishment when I stayed there was extremely good, rooms are well appointed and are of a good size and design. The staff are all helpful in all aspects of your stay plus there is a shuttle bus every hour to Union Square Station during the day. The location of the hotel leaves a lot to be desired and I did not feel safe during the nights on the local streets but overall I had a fantastic stay and would recommend to anyone.	
Apr 24 2009 	Great experience	COVA was a great hotel, accommodating and friendly staff, generous breakfast served with a good view over the local area. Rooms were great, spacious and comfortable.It's a quick walk to shops, bars - if you're the nervous type take the free shuttle or a taxi back (cheap). I would suggest people take the time to walk in the daytime, we experienced no problems, people should not shut their eyes to the local area and people!	
Apr 20 2009 	Excellent!	Even though the hotel is in remodeling the service is excellent and the rooms are really clean and they look new. The staff is very nice and very welcoming from the hotel reception desk (Armando) to the shuttle driver. It's definitely a YES! Good Job!	
Apr 13 2009 	A Nice Getaway	Hm, well, what could I say, it was great. I was a bit confused where the entrance was because of the renovations, but I found it. The lobby wasn't in the best of shape, but that was because of the renovations again. The staff was courteous and helpful and even offered an upgrade to a suite for only 40 dollars more. They seemed very 'down-to-earth' and like they were genuine in their doings. The room was spacious and super clean. Despite the construction downstairs, the room was quiet and peaceful. The bed was heavenly and pleasant. The room had NO WEIRD ODORS, which was another big plus for me. The bathroom was recently remodeled and had a contemporary feel to it. I would definitely come here again.	
Mar 11 2009 	Wonderful COVA HOTEL!!!!	Hello Everyone!I have had the great fortune of discovering a newly renovated hotel located in the heart of San Francisco called the COVA HOTEL. I stayed here last month and was so impressed that I booked it again for my weeks stay. Why am I so impressed with the COVA? Read on. First, I must compliment the staff. They really go above and beyond to make the stay comfortable, fun, and personable. Check in is a breeze. Five minutes or less and you don't have to really wait until 3pm unless they are totally full. Now the rooms: SPACIOUS and VERY VERY CLEAN!!! The beds are very comfortable. I dont know what type of mattress but it is certainly well above average. The feather duvet is an added bonus of comfort. They also have these lovely blue throws to keep warm in the comfy chair by these HUGE floor to ceiling windows! The best part of the room for me are the lovely raw silk drapes. It adds such drama and luxury to the room. Also, you get the flat screen t.v. with multiple cable channels and my favorite 2 channels, ABC and Travel Channel so I can watch No Reservations and Bizarre Foods. :) The bathrooms are sleek and modern with a cool round sink, deep bathtub, and nice peppermint toiletries. Refreshing. The mornings are nice because they serve a lovely continental breakfast with fresh homemade waffles (made to order!!!!!!), hard boiled eggs, cereals, juices, bagels, croissants, yogurts,fruit and noodles for those who enjoy an Asian taste. I do think this is one of the best damn continental breakfasts of any hotel. The magic words here are: FRESH! FRESH! FRESH!......oh, and FREE!!! One more thing about the breakfast room......its on the top floor and you get the most amazing panoramic views of San Francisco. Try to go very early at 7am so that you can see the sun rising. Lovely. I really could go on and on about this place. They also provide a free shuttle and parking. Free Wi-fi and FREE BUSINESS CENTER with printers! One thing that you might want to consider is that in San Francisco there are a number of homeless. Honestly, if you have ever been to any big city then its just another thing. They are quite friendly and non-threatening. The COVA is quite secure and they have insured this with security keys that restricts floors and so on. Hmmm, trying to think of more things I can say. If your in San Francisco and want a very comfortable, clean, and fun atmosphere, then the Cova Hotel is your bet!! OH, the price. So far since its off peak season, under $100 and they have informed me that it does not go up that much more during peak season. So I think this is one of the best values in the city. Have fun in San Francisco! I sure did!!!!!	
Jan 1 2009	Nice Hotel  Poor Loacation	Hotel is nice inside, Breakfast is nice and staff are helpful, Chris from the front desk was very helpful and polite, great bloke! Area that hotel is in is very suspect and does not feel safe, we were advised by many locals not to walk through the homeless area. Our first night was a nightmare as we were shipped off to another hotel due to plumbing issues at Cova. Front desk staff need to be faster and have their act together as things there were very slow. Room size was great and clean. All in all not the worst but a few things need to improve. Good to see they are having a go in a trouble area. Would recommend the free shuttle into town very handy and safe also. Would stay there again if needed.	
Dec 9 2008 	Best value for the price	Stayed for a Saturday night, the price was excellent compared with prices we got for crappy hotels two blocks away. The neighborhood is not the greatest but it's 10 minutes walk from union square. The rooms are amazing (except the view), compare them to hyatt quality. The staff was helpful, the breakfast decent.	
Oct 8 2008 	Liked the Cova - nice hotel little flaws	We stayed at the Cova Hotel for 10 days. The rooms are really nice and staff is generally friendly. Everything is very clean and housekeeping is efficient. As stated in the other reviews, the location is central but not very good. Lots of homeless and strange people on the street. I don't think it's really unsafe but wouldn't recommend the hotel to people who are easily scared or women travelling alone.The breakfast is good compared to other hotel / motels in the US in a similar price range (choice of bagels, eggs, cereal, fresh fruit, waffles) but gets a bit boring after a while when staying longer. Coffee is American style, there's no espresso. The free wireless internet is good but sometimes slow and not very reliable - this could be improved. There is onsite parking but the 25$ a day is more than I paid for my rental car - so I decided to use street parking. It is possible to find street parking around the hotel, but it's metered during the day (9am - 6pm) and you have to carefully watch the signs for restrictions. PLUS: Nice, big and clean rooms, good value for money, free wireless internet, friendly staffMINUS: Location, Parking expensive, Internet slow	
Oct 3 2008 	Hotel was good area might put off some	Our stay at the hotel seemed to like alot of other reviews. We stayed for 3 nights. The hotel itself was fine, our room was quite spacious and we had no problems with it. There was a light breakfast. It was a quite a short walk to Union Square. However, the area was that bit unsavoury, our first evening I was a bit unnerved but after that I got used to it, we did walk in the neighborhood in the mornings leaving our hotel and if were back in early evening, however, at night we got a taxi back to the hotel. Nobody ever bothered us so it was fine but I can understand how people might be a little apprehensive. There is so much to see in fabulous San Francisco so we weren't sticking around our hotel area.	
Sep 29 2008 	Great hotel	We stayed in the Cova Hotel from september 1st untill the 4th. then we started our tour.The hotel is just upgraded. The rooms are big enough, clean and for me, the bed was big enough, i'm 1.93m. and you only sleep in the room, there is so much to do in San Francisco don't stay in the room all day. There is a big flat screen tv and the bathroom is big, clean. Enough towels and cleaning more then ok.The breakfast is on the 8th floor,and is one of the best we had on oure holiday. Not really special, but ok. Enough of everything.Mayby the area where the hotel is located is not great but walk out the hotel, go to the left and go to Van Ness and that is the main street. And also on the main street and other &quot;better&quot; streets, there are a lot of homeless people, even Fishermans wharff is full of them. That is mayby problem of San Francisco: Homeless people. We returned to this hotel after a long day in San Francisco get of with them bus near Ellis street, it was night already, we always walked together and no problems. We are from Amsterdam, and there are places in Amsterdam where it is more dangerous then here.We would really stay here again. After 3weeks we were back in San Francisco, there was no room in the Cova hotel, but it was much better then the 3star hotel The White Comb on market street, were we stayed for 2days.Oh the staff: Friendly,helpfull! GREAT.	
Sep 18 2008 	Pay the extra and Stay elsewhere	My husband stayed at the COVA in August this year. I read all he reviews and figured that we could handle the unsavory location for a nice clean hotel.I wish we hadn't and in fact we moved to the Hilton for our second night.We arrived about 4 hours before the official check-in time and the staff were helpful and gave us a room straight away. This was well received as we had just come off a flight from Sydney. Due to the early check-in we did not have a king room but we were okay with that.We could not get the shower to work so we were limited to baths, this was very frustratingI found the beds uncomfortable although my husband wasn't too concerned. The pillows were heavenly.The hotel was clean and provided a light breakfast and free internet.Our two biggest issues were the location and the security of the rooms. We experienced many problems with locking the room- if you pushed hard enough on the door it sprang open. The lift didn't work without your ID card and this is actually a good thing given the location of the hotel.As the previous reviews stated that this hotel is in a bad part of town. I thought this wouldn't bother me but it was very difficult walking through that to get to the hotel. A local even stopped us as he was concerned about our safety. He urged us to get out of the area very quickly.Overall the hotel was okay but you can stay somewhere much nicer for a little extra money. We paid an additional $15.00 and stayed at the Hilton for the second night.	
Sep 4 2008 	Great Stay	Great hotel. Free breakfast. Free Internet. Easy parking onsite. Staff was great.Had an issue with the TV and someone was sent immeadiately to fix it. Had issues with connecting to the internet, an employee was sent up with connection instructions. Nice to have a free breakfast at a hotel in the City.Rooms were very nice. Our bathroom was very spacious. I would stay at this hotel again.Yes, this hotel may not be in the best area, but the hotel staff will call you a cab or direct you the safest way on foot.Looking to stay at this hotel again at the end of September.	
Aug 31 2008 	Beautiful Interior Horrible Area Very rude and unhelpful staff	My mum and I stayed at Cova this July.I will say the rooms were lovely, brand new and very clean!Be warned about the area, Ellis St is nicknamed &quot;Crackville&quot;. We saw Dozens of people partaking in unsavoury activities day and night on the next block down from the hotel. It is very noisy and there are all sorts of goings on outside the hotel at all hours. Do not walk down Ellis St after dark, whatever you do!!The Staff do not speak very good English and are not helpful at all!When I checked out they charged me $20 for a phone call I didnt make, I had picked up the phone, dialed a number and it was engaged. They insisted on charging me for the call anyway. I was grateful we only had 4 nights there, it was more than enough!!!	
Aug 26 2008 	Don`t Stay	This hotel has been nicely refurbished inside,rooms are excellent,big modern and clean.Cleaning staff very friendly and give great service.Breakfast is good with good choice and nice roof top room though a bit crowded at times.Location is worst in san fran with drugs prostitution and homeless hanging around.Reception staff are unhelpful while management were downright rude and offensive. Do not trust with credit card imprint ! Restaurant was closed perhaps for renovation could be a great hotel but for unhelpful staff and unfortunate location.	
Aug 17 2008 	I was booted to another hotel despite my confirmed reservation	I just want other travellers to know that this could happen. I had made reservation via Otels.com. On the day I was to stay there I called the hotel both at their 800 number and at their local number. Each time I got a message saying to leave my number and that I would be called back within an hour. I left 4 messages and was never called back. I finally took a cab to the hotel to check in and was told 'nobody listens to the messages on weekends'. !!! The clerk couldn't find me on the list of expected guests. She went into the back room and returned saying that because my reservation (which had been made 2 weeks earlier) was made very late they would have to send me to another hotel purportedly because of a plumbing problem. I dont really believe there was a plumbing problem but if there was I think it was handled poorly and no matter what they need to answer their telephone and check their messages. They drove me to another hotel (the Sam Wong in chinatown) and thus I did have accomodation for the night, but as you all know all hotels are not the same and we do research to make sure we will have the best possible hotel experience, When these efforts go awry it is frustrating. So to all who decide to try the Cova, beware and good luck . From the lobby it looked like a decent place but the staff have alot to learn about how to run a hotel.	
Aug 14 2008 	Huge SURPRISE!	We booked this hotel because we were traveling on a budget. We actually booked the room for $125 a night. We were really nervous when we were pulling up, the area seemed a little shady. However, to our surprise we were staying in the most beautiful hotel. Everything on the interior has been remodeled. Its a very very modern hotel. We had flat screen tvs and the most comfortable bed. we had a delicious breakfast on the roof in the morning. We were about a mile from all the major shops and then we took the bus to fisherman's wharf. I think it was like $4 bucks round trip and it took about 15 minutes. We walked at night time from the mall and it was a okay but if I did not have my husband I would have felt unsafe. But you cannot beat this hotel. Its spectacular. I was shocked. We only booked one night because we were unsure and we ended up staying g 3 nights. It was well worth it. I would recommend this for hotel for anyone. Its clean, beautiful and the staff was outstanding. They helped us to get reservations and gave us directions anywhere we needed to go.	
Jul 28 2008 	Great rooms and nice service	This is a really great hotel. From the outside you first would not expect it as the building is not new, however once you get to the room, it's really luxury. I stayed there shortly before the 4th of July. The staff also let's the guests know that the rooms are completely newly rennovated. One employee of the evening shift asked all the guest who came back in from the city how they liked their room. He was obviously proud of it and he can be. The breakfast is included, the breakfast room (I believe on the 8th floor - not completely sure) is also new and offers a view over S.F. A roof top is in front of the breakfast room. You can easily walk to Union Square, Market Street, etc. and the staff always tell you which way to go (when coming out of the hotel to the left and then right) to avoid the not so nice areas. The breakfast ladies were extremely nice and so were the Front Office employees. When my wireless didn't work in one room, the male employee in the evening immediately gave me a different room. I would definitely go back there, because it's a very personalized atmosphere and a great price.	
Jul 19 2008 	Nice HotelNot so nice neighbourhood	I was here for my convention along with my colleague.The Rooms and shower were pretty good. The staff at the hotel, Mohi especially was very helpful. The breakfast was very nice, with a lot of choice, so you can go out in the morning with a full belly. For eating, Subway and TacoBell KFC , were just around the corner.The only problem was that the TV and internet services they offered were not so good, they were just about OK. Overall enjoyed the stay, got my job done, what i was there for.	
Nov 20 2009 	Sincerement evitez juste pour le quartier atroce		
Nov 7 2009 	Super Hotel mit idealer Lage		
Oct 7 2009 	à éviter		
Aug 24 2009 	Super Hotel in zentraler Lage		
Aug 23 2009 	Un hotel con pretenciones  No es gran cosa pero se puede uno quedar		
Aug 14 2009	Un hotel irréprochable		
Aug 3 2009 	bellissimo hotel. ci tornerei subito!		
May 30 2009 	très bien		
Oct 30 2008 	Schade! Schönes Hotel in katastrophaler Lage		
Oct 8 2008 	Parfait		
Sep 29 2008 	Cova Hotel / SFO ist eine Empfehlung wert		
Aug 28 2008 	Bello ma non ci tornerei		
