	good for value and location	Had a 4 night stay in S.F. and was looking for good value in a quiet location, and I couldn't have made a better choice. Not only was the hotel really clean and quiet as I wanted, but it was also right around the corner from Fillmore Street and Pacific Heights and Cow Hollow areas, which are really great to walk around in and for great boutiques and cafes and restaurants. The front desk staff were a little hit or miss, some were really nice and knew lots of good information, others were kind of clueless. But there were enough helpful ones to overlook the ones who weren't that great. My room had a king bed and a nice view with a window seat. There is a reasonable fitness center with equipment in good shape. Across the street are three bus lines that run downtown and right around the hotel are more bus stops to go other places in the city - very easy to get around on public transportation or on foot.	
	Birthday trip	This hotel was really cute! It's japanese culture themed and is right across the street from Japan town in San Francisco. The hotel staff was very nice and our room was kitschy. It had kind of an anime-esque mural on the wall and the furniture was modern and cute.the restaurant in the lobby was yummy and served a traditional japanese breakfast. They also served shabu shabu for dinner.I would definitely stay there again!	
Nov 26 2009 	Great hotel - great theme - great value - very clean!	Hotel Tomo was a great hotel and great value! For the price, I had lower expectations, but it met my expectations of a much more expensive hotel. The hotel was super clean, had a really neat Japanese theme that made it very modern with lots of extras like ipod docks and fun chairs in the room. The room was quite big - I had two double beds. There was a table and chairs plus a bean bag chair. The room was clean and the location of the hotel was safe and quite. Not super-central but close enough that you could walk to the nearby amenities.	
Nov 25 2009 	Excellent Stay	My partner and I have traveled to S.F. serveral times this past year. We just happened to find hotel Tomo by accident. We have both said we would never stay anywhere else.We love the location, Japan town is right at your front door. All the shopping and restauraunts you could want. The Fillmore is also a hop skip and a jump. They have excellent bars, and shops as well.What i really like about Hotel Tomo is the staff. They are always friendly and are genuinely interested in making your stay a good one. They even remember me when i call to make my reservation.I reccomend Tomo to all my friends who are going to San Francisco.	
Nov 20 2009 	We Liked Being in Japantown	We have visited San Francisco many times before. We usually stay in the Union Square area but this time we opted for Japantown, and we are pleased we did.The Tomo has a jazzy, modern decor.We had a corner room on the fourth floor which gave us a great view of the city that most rooms don't have.The only problem we had was that the heat wasn't working one cold morning and when we reported it to the man working the night shift his response was inappropriate and anger-inducing. When I reported the situation to management, they made an adjustment that we found most satisfactory.We enjoyed our meals at nearby Takara Japanese restaurant and Jitlada Thai.	
Nov 17 2009 	Hip decor comfy and clean	Spent the night at the Hotel Tomo while attending a function in San Francisco. The price was right, the beds were comfortable and the rooms were immaculate. I loved the flat screen tv, the excellent wireless connection even from the 8th floor. Our room had a balcony facing east with an excellent view. The staff was very welcoming and helpful, the housekeeping staff never failed to greet us and we were lucky to snag one of the onsite parking spots. Hotel Tomo is close to the Fillmore street nightlife and a short drive to downtown SF or the wharf. It was quiet and relaxing, much more of a residential area than a business district. The onsite restaurant served a decent breakfast with a bottomless coffee pot of excellent coffee, what more can you ask for? I will definitely be back.	
Nov 16 2009 	Great spot in Japantown	We only spent one night but the hotel was very nice, quiet and clean. It is within blocks of both Yoshi's and the Fillmore so no need for a car. Japantown is so quiet it's like it's not part of SF. Really enjoyed our stay and will return.	
Nov 10 2009 	I loved the Hotel Tomo!	I stayed at the Hotel Tomo in October 2009. The location was great - just a short walk to Fillmore street and shops and restaurants. The decor is fun- Japanese pop art meets Ikea. This was probably the cleanest hotel I have ever stayed in. The murals on the walls are awesome. The beds and pillows are super comfortable. The front desk staff were very helpful. I would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 8 2009 	Clean Cool Decor Quiet neighborhood	This hotel was perfect for our needs. We were looking for something affordable, clean and something with a little bit of character and we got all of that in Hotel Tomo. We had stayed in Japantown in a previous stay years ago and knew this was a quiet, clean area of town. It was nice to expose our children to sushi restaurants that were nearby. While we didn't go, there's also a Japanese bath/spa nearby which sounded great. Housekeeping did a great job and the front desk crew were also very attentive and helpful. A few perks: close to Bart bus line, car garage with reasonable daily rates for SFO, courteous staff, clean rooms and soft beds.	
Oct 25 2009 	Cute and Cozy with great access to public transport	I thought this hotel had some neat details (Manga in your night drawer!) that perhaps not everyone would notice or appreciate but I did enjoy the little touches. I do believe it might be targeted for younger people as their special suite sounded like it was made for an intense video gaming night with a projector screen etc...which is fine with me because frankly my boyfriend and I are huge gamers. Anyway, we found that the location was actually really good and that taking the bus around town was incredibly easy once we got our week bus pass. We found an amazing Thai place a few blocks down using trip advisor in their mini business center in the lobby (which was never overly busy which rocked whenever we needed to find food). The name escapes me but it's a few blocks away and it's a small little family owned restaurant with amazing food. It got rave reviews though. The rooms were an adequate size for the two of us and the mural on the wall was so welcoming. We enjoyed the touch of J-pop inspired furniture but there was a scary photo on the wall of a girl's eye and I've seen enough Asian horror movies for that to freak me out. The bathroom wasn't overly nice as our light constantly flickered (reminding me of those Asian horror flicks) but it had a place to shower and a toilet, it was a bit small but I suppose I wouldn't trade that for a smaller bed. Our view kind of sucked but we spent more time exploring the city. It was a basic hotel with darling details and for the price (search for a deal!) it's perfect if you're spending most of your time outside.	
Oct 18 2009 	Quirky pleasant and clean	The Japanese themed Hotel Tomo has great decor and really quirky touches to all parts of the hotel, from the lucky cat in the lobby to the feature mural on the wall of each room, which were a very generous size. Everything was clean and well maintained and the bed was huge, although the bathroom was very basic. Nice added touches included an ipod dock and giant bean bag.Free wifi and internet access in the hotel lobby proved very useful, although an extension of the wifi to the bedrooms would have been appreciated.The staff were knowledgeable, competent and polite if a little unfriendly, and could only provide very limited transfer of travellers cheques which proved an inconvenience.The location of the hotel is excellent, away from the hustle and bustle of the tourist spots such as Union Square, but very central for excursions to Golden Gate Bridge and Park as well as Fisherman's Wharf, all of which were easily accessible by one or two convenient bus rides. Nowhere took more than 20 minutes to reach, and a handy shuttle service is available to the airport at a reasonable price.One of the few downsides was the hotel bar/restaurant, which specialised in Shabu Shabu Japanese cuisine. The service and food were fine, but it felt a bit unwelcoming and not the sort of place you'd want to spend long visiting.All in all, if you don't care about the hotel bar, an excellent choice of hotel.	
Oct 17 2009 	Great location and nice atmosphere	This hotel is located just on the edge of Japantown in San Francisco, so the style of the hotel is asian-influenced and very trendy. I liked the room and lobby decor the most. If you're looking for a quiet and comfortable place to stay, Hotel Tomo is it. But it's not exactly close to tourist spots like the Wharf, so you'll have to walk or take taxis. I definitely recommend this hotel for the price, service, and destination.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great stay in Japantown!	My family loves Japantown, and we come here all the time. This was our first time staying the night (we live 45 minutes away). I loved how convienant it was to everything in Japantown. You can walk to everything. My kids loved staying here. They have giant beanbag chairs, ipod docking alarm clocks, and fun decor. It's not fancy, but it is clean and fun. One tip I have is to park in the Japantown parking garage. You'll save a few bucks!	
Oct 4 2009 	Great place to stay	Got in late from LAX. Staff welcoming and friendly.Room was huge for 1 person and bed was comfy and soft. Bathrooms are bathrooms,do you really need a window?Shower was nice and hot and mirror/ basin good,nice touch with Japanese style toiletries.TV , Refridgerator in room were fine ,only that perhaps a glass or china mug for coffee would have been nice . Kettle for coffee/tea water heating is much better than coffee makers you find at some hotels. Room was spacious and mural added a little something extra.Very quiet and peaceful neighborhood ,much better than staying downtown.Close to Japanese eateries/stores and about a 5-10 minute walk to Fillmore for great food and unusual shops. Whole Foods Market a couple of blocks away for groceries/fruit and other items ,about 15 minutes walk on corner of California and Franklin.Otherwise there is a Safeway close by.Bus transport to downtown right outside.	
Oct 1 2009 	Comfort affordability pleasant and imaginative surroundings	My wife and I both were pleasantly surprised by the imaginative conversion of this old Japan Town hotel into a delightfully whimsical and creative space. The murals in the rooms with comment in Japanese characters, the photographs of staff in costume in the elevator and restaurant, the responsive and pleasant personnel, the convenient proximity of the hotel to the inviting features of Japan Town, the relaxed informality of everything, to say nothing of affordability and easy public transportation to all locations at our door - all made our stay at this hotel one of our best experiences ever in visiting San Francisco. What a revelation to find a hotel chain, Best Western, having the imagination to allow 'Pop' and other innovative Japanese artists seemingly free reign to design and decorate this formerly undistinguished hotel.	
Sep 30 2009 	Very enjoyable stay here	We stayed here for 5 nights and had a very pleasant stay. The reception staff were mostly very polite and helpful, however, there were a couple of people who let the side down. Our room was big and bright and had a bay window with a seat beneath it. The bathroom was quite small but functional. There was a large flat screen TV and a radio alarm clock with ipod docking station, however someone had snapped the ipod connector so we couldn't use this. The hotel's wireless internet was awful so I would not recommend this hotel for business use if you want to get some work done! The hotel lobby had two PCs which seemed to work much better and had free printing facilities, however there was often a queue to use them. The hotel had a fitness centre and the restaurant was very good. The only real issue we had, other than the internet, was that the bedroom doors are really heavy and bang quite loudly. As a result it could be a bit noisy at times. Other than this I would recommend the hotel.	
Sep 27 2009 	Decent value fun decor	We stayed here our last night in San Francisco. We liked the location in Japantown, which had many restaurants and fun shops to explore. Bus service was convenient. We're not into the club/nightlife scene, so the location was great for us - our night there was quiet, though we did get a room 2 doors down from the squeaky elevator. We got a good prepaid rate from another website which was a factor for choosing this over other area hotels. The carpet in the room had some wear, but otherwise the room was clean and comfortable. The J-pop/anime/etc. touches were fun.	
Sep 24 2009 	Total waste of money	This is more of a youth hostel than a real hotel. The beds were flat, pillows were not fluffy, they did not give us enough towels - not sure they even cleaned the room. The decor is cute, if kitschy, but the room's comfort level was very low.If Tomo were a $100/night hostel I would recommed it. But for the prices they charge you should stay somewhere nicer - much nicer.	
Sep 21 2009 	A really well located friendly hotel that was clean and welcoming.	I really wished we could have stayed longer. Although we arrived at 9am, the staff locked up our bags and provided us w/bus directions and also provided us (many times) w/change for the bus. We were able to reach all of our locations quickly and with minimum fuss w/ the public transportation system. The availabitlity of a wonderful pizza place, french bakery, deli and even a burger king make this a family friendly place. The anime decor appeals to adults as well as kids. We are planning a return trip to the city over the holidays and hope to repeat our stay!	
Sep 20 2009 	fantastico!!!!	I love this hotel!!!! Everything was fantastic!!! I would stay here again anytime i go to San Francisco. Very easy access to the muni line. market rigth across the street. And JoAnne at Mums restaurant, in hotel, Was the best server ever!!! The Shabu-Shabu was the best. Very quiet neighborhood.	
Sep 13 2009 	if you like Japan your like this. If not your still like it...	After being told at the minute about our change of hotel I was a bit worried about this hotel because of the look of it. A bit old from the outside but as soon as you walk through the door you realise that this is a very VERY modern hotel with top of the range electronics. Plasma TV’s and sofa in the lounge and reception area it has a very Japanese feel to it as its in the Japanese district. But it’s Stunning. The Rooms are big with beautiful lamps wall paper. A Huge 42inch TV, IPod stand / alarm, Lazy boy in the corner. Free Internet, loads of space as well as a nice big bathroom with condiments thrown in. along with a Safe.It has its own Gym which is standard. And a restaurant that gets busy from external vistors.A nice hotel but out of the way you need to get a bus to get to union square and then the trams to the bay.	
Aug 24 2009 	Cute but broken	Just returned from a stay at the Tomo. It was both good and bad, hence the middling rating.It's obviously an older best western re-done in a cute J-Pop style. The bedrooms themselves are funky and bright in an Ikea-meets-Japan sort of way. Very clean. Although, for reasons I can't understand, someone thought painting a windowless interior bathroom dark grey and adding an opaque dark gray shower curtain and installing a single low wattage florescent bulb was a good idea. Unless you're a fan of prisons, it wasn't. However, the shower had good water pressure and lots of hot water. Beds, linens, and towels and such were all of the quality I would expect of a mid-priced hotel.When we first checked in at the front desk in the late afternoon, the desk clerk was indifferent. He gave us the key card and we headed up to the room only to discover it wasn't what we had booked. We'd paid for an upgrade to a upper room with a balcony. So we schlep back downstairs. He gives us another room key to the right room. It was a very long traveling day so we decide to just get snacks at the market (nice to have one nearby!) and settle in for evening of being couch potatoes and watching pay-per-view.Except the pay per view movies didn't work. We call down stairs to inquire what the problem could be. Mr. Personality at the desk says he doesn't know, and &quot;I don’t know what to tell you.&quot; When we indicate that it's really kinda his job to know these things, he tells us his colleague who actually knows something about the hotel systems will be in a half hour. As promised, a half hour or so later, the competent employee shows up. He fiddles with the cable box, indicates that it is indeed broken and offers to move us to yet another room. So we switch rooms for a third time. In fairness, the nighttime employee was very helpful and accommodating, he apologized, brought a cart to tote the luggage and gave us a free pass for a couple breakfasts at the hotel dining room. That was nice, considering the day-shift guy's attitude was &quot;hey, sucks to be you.&quot;While the hotel offers free wireless, forget actually trying to use it for more than a couple minutes at a time. It's intermittent at best and drops out constantly. They outsource the service and it took multiple phone calls to get the service running. Even with help, it's not consistent. If you actually plan on doing some work, you will be frustrated.The next day, again, we come back to the room that night to find that TV and lamp in the desk area isn't working. We fiddle with the surge protector under the desk to no avail. We call down. Guy comes up. Apparently the surge protector has to be &quot;jiggled&quot; just right in the outlet. I can only guess that the maid accidently unjiggled it while sweeping. (frankly the wiring and multiple extension cords all looked like a fire waiting to happen) On the day we left, we went to the house computers to print out our boarding passes. Attached to both the computers were &quot;out of order signs&quot; indicating that they wouldn't be fixed until the next day. The woman at the desk was nice enough to log on and print out the passes. That evening, I I had to go to three different floors to find a coke machine that actually worked. No exaggeration.So we met two very good employees and one very indifferent one. The room was nice, the bathroom was creepy and there were multiple issues with the amenities. The front desk did eventually make some monetary adjustments for all of the inconveniences, and that was nice, of course. I don't expect perfection, but I do expect problems to be corrected, alleviated, or compensated, which eventually they were. But equally, they would not have had to make such concessions IF items just worked as they are intended to in the first place. While the hotel is cute and it's in a nice location, but they really need to put some money into their infrastructure. I'd still recommend it as we seemed to have a run of bad luck, but if you're not a patient person, you might want to look elsewhere.	
Aug 1 2009 	Fun stylish hotel at decent price	This sad, old hotel on the edge of calm Japantown and trendy Pacific Heights got a great make-over. The theme is &quot;mod&quot; Japanese. Rooms: huge (many have spectacular views); terrific beds; small refrigerators; safes for valuables; immaculate. Nearby: dozens of Japanese restaurants and shops (try Genji's for antiques or the two-floor bookstore), the Sundance movie theaters and Kabuki Hot Springs spa; Japanese grocery store with delicious, fresh meals to go. Ten-minute walk: Fillmore Street's trendy restaurants/shops (Dosa for amazing California-Indian food, Osaka for terrific sushi and Peet's for best coffee). Great bus service to get you around the city (no subway in this part of town). Huge Safeway 3-4 blocks away. I paid $109/night for my room. A friend paid $10/night more for his. Downside: The free wireless is awful (there are two computers in the lobby and the coffee shops on Fillmore Street all off free wireless). The parking is limited and expensive, although there's a second lot two blocks away. It's a pain to get to BART for the train to airport (although there's a $16 shuttle). Some may prefer to be down near Union Square for more mass transit and shopping options (but it's also very touristy).	
Jul 31 2009 	a little J-pop culture in San Francisco	We just got back from a one night stay at the Hotel Tomo. We had a double Queen room with balcony on the top floor, great views of San Francisco and the Peace Pagoda. The room was clean, and furnished in fun style with bright bedspreads, a cool wall mural taken from some anime movie, and even Japanese style toiletries. The staff was nice, and the parking conveniently next door to the hotel. My teenagers loved the Japanese styling and lobby videos, but I didn't see any of the game consoles I had expected. In addition the wifi was very slow, both in the rooms and in the complimentary terminals in the lobby. The gym in the hotel was tiny, a converted room I think, but had fresh air. The neighbourhood is different for San Francisco, not near the tourist attractions but very charming in its own way. I have an interest in Japanese culture, so I enjoyed the historic plaques posted on buildings as well as the Japanese mall and restaurants close by. If you walk to nearby Filmore Street, you can check out some ritzy shopping as well as the interesting architecture of Pacific Heights. And you don't see tourists everywhere as you do downtown.We stayed here one night and two in the Union Square area. I booked at the last minute and I thought that at $193 the room was a little pricey, but if you could get a better deal it would be a great place to explore a different side of San Francisco in a very fun environment.	
Jul 21 2009 	Funky Cool Hotel	Stayed here 5 nights at the end of our Las Vegas - LA - SF fly drive holiday.Originally booked into another hotel which we didn't like at all so we rang around after checking the phone directory and found this hotel in Japan Town.First impressions were great it's a really funky cool design the rooms included, all done up in a manga cartoon design, bath robes, flat screen tv, comfy beds lovely and clean, great location for us, little bit out of centre so ncie a quiet to get decent sleep on evening, parking was underneathh the hotel with a small charge not too expensive.Would definately stay there again but SF was not the place for us.	
Jul 15 2009 	Fabulous place to stay in the heart of Japantown!	We received excellent service, and convenience to downtown SF. The rooms were very clean and the beds comfortable. Would stay here again if we have a chance to return to SF!	
Jul 12 2009 	Watch out for unscrupulous charging practices.	I chose this hotel because it is only 4 blocks from the hospital where my brother had emergency surgery. It is a clean hotel at a reasonable price. After my third night here I found out that they had already debited my checking account for more than $800. What a surprise, since the rate was approximately $90/night including taxes and fees.Here's what they explained to me:The company policy is to charge your credit card for the entire length of your reservation when you arrive. In addition, they charge an additional $50 per night for possible &quot;incidental&quot; expenses! When you check out, if you have not stayed the entire time, or used any &quot;incidentals,&quot; your bank will release the funds not spent. These policies are not posted or printed, nor did the person who told me to reserve an entire week and cancel the nights I don't need later.I have stayed in many hotels in throughout the US and in Europe and have never experienced this before. In the future I would not stay at this hotel again because they do not inform the guests of this policy.	
Jun 30 2009 	Hotel Tomo is convenient and well-appointed with excellent service.	We had a wonderful 4-night stay at Hotel Tomo. Our room on the sixth floor was bright, clean, beautifully decorated in a Japanese motif, and very quiet -- no street noise at all, although it is located on a busy street (Sutter). Japan Town is directly across the street and is full of great restaurants in all price ranges. Also across the street is a bus line that goes directly to Union Square and Market Street. (Seniors unfamiliar with San Francisco should be aware that the senior rate is 50 cents to ride anywhere on the bus.)Service at Hotel Tomo was really excellent. Several times we called for replacement items of Kleenex, etc., and housekeeping was at our door within minutes. There were at least two people manning the reception desk at all times, so we never had to wait in line if we had a question. Two additional bonuses: Free wireless internet (or the desk will also provide a cable), and a very nice &quot;Little Gym&quot; with a rubberized floor, mats, free weights, a treadmill, an elyptical, and a bike.There were only two very minor things that were a bit less than satisfactory to us. One, the room doors were impossible to close without that final &quot;slam,&quot; so as late sleepers, we were awakened around 7:45 each morning as other guests began leaving their rooms. Secondly, we ate breakfast two mornings in the hotel restaurant, and we found it to be a bit on the greasy side. All in all, our stay at Hotel Tomo was wonderful, and a very, very good value for the money. We've stayed in many San Francisco hotels, but I think from now on, depending on their rates at the time, this one will be our first choice -- especially since it's just a short walk to our daughter's condo!	
Jun 29 2009 	Hotel Tomo is such a fun place and a great value!	The staff at Hotel Tomo were fantastic. We were able to check in early and check out late which made our stay so much better for just a quick overnight. We love the Japanese pop culture theme. It is so much fun. A slice of Japan in San Francisco. Really fun place to be. The staff seems genuinely happy to be there and they are so helpful. We will definitely be back. What a great deal so close to Japantown.	
Jun 18 2009 	Accomodating Beyond Belief!	The rooms are neat, clean and new but nothing beats the friendly and helpful staff. I had never been to San Francisco before and was there to help my son relocate to SF for grad school and ended up staying at Hotel Tomo for 11 nights! When I checked out both my son and I missed our home away from home! I encourage any and all to give Hotel Tomo a try you won't regret it.	
Jun 6 2009 	Great value would stay there again	We needed to be in that area to see a concert at the Fillmore-could walk to the venue...located in Japantown and the rooms were clean, the beds were comfortable, internet in the rooms was free, the hotel was very quiet-we opted for a balcony room which had a nice view (8th floor)-couldn't really sit on the patio but you could stand out there. The desk help was really friendly and accomodating-when we needed more blankets and towels very late at night we had them right away...parking was reasonable as well, and you could walk to various types of restaurants close by.	
Jun 3 2009 	Clean and had iLuv iPod player but inconvenient location.	The iLuv didn't work when we got there, and they replaced it right away with one that worked. I noticed video game controllers, but I didn't play anything. It was clean, but there were no bell hops and the lobby was really small. They didn't have any parking available, so we had to park down the street for $30/day. They do have a bar/sushi restaurant, but we only had drinks there. I wish I would have stayed in Union Square for my entire visit instead of at the Tomo. It is too cold in San Francisco to wait for cabs! The room was clean and comfortable, but I wouldn't go back. The money that you save by staying here is instantly eaten up by cabs. I stayed at the Hilton in Union Square for the rest of my trip, and it was much more convenient (no cabs needed). I still parked down the street for $20/day (this time because the Hilton's parking garage was $50/day).	
May 31 2009 	Fun and friendly stay in San Fransisco!	Hotel Tomo is a very unique hotel. The Japanese pop art decor was so much fun to look at. The rooms were very clean. Loved the giant bean bag. Beds are very firm, but we slept well. Helpful front desk staff. The guys in the restaurant downstairs were awesome. We only ate breakfast there, and although the food isn't gourmet, the cook and waiter more than made up for it with character!	
May 17 2009 	Maybe just one night for the experience	I had read about this hotel in various magazines &amp; online sources so I thought I'd give it a try rather than stick with a safe hotel choice.The man at the front desk was very curt when checking me in - just &quot;sign here&quot; &quot;give me your credit card&quot; etc. No one offered to help with my bag. When I got to my room on the first floor, I was quite amused by the mural, but other than that it was just a Best Western room filled with IKEA furniture. I found that the Japanese pop theme this hotel claims to be based on could have been played up more from a design standpoint and the real J-Pop fans who seek this hotel may be disappointed. The bathroom was a typical Best Western bathroom and the shower area was very dark.The room was fairly clean, though, and it was a different experience. The bed is comfortable and the linens are decent. I'm a fan of the location - safe area with many eating choices, supermarkets, bus stop right in front of the hotel, away from the bustle of tourists.The hotel provides complimentary hi-speed internet access, but the wi-fi was unusably slow. I asked for a network cable to hard-wire my laptop to the desk, even then I had to adjust the DNS settings for it to work. I hated being chained to the desk, in that horrible plastic chair!I ate at the Mums restaurant and the shabu shabu was very good. But because my room was on the same floor as the restaurant, I could smell the meat cooking in my room in the evening, which was very unpleasant. The walls are very thin and I could hear every footstep and conversational tone of voice in the hallway late at night.In conclusion, if you want to try a different kind of hotel, Hotel Tomo may be worth staying for one night - at a good rate. What I paid was not a good rate for a stay at a Best Western.	
May 2 2009 	Loved it!	I went here with my son who loves all things Japanese. The location is right in Japantown, so it was perfect. If you love Japanese pop culture, you'll appreciate the design. Beyond that, it is simply a great place to stay. The beds were very comfortable and the linens were fresh and clean. All the furniture seemed new. The bathroom was fine. Nice towels. The hotel staff was very helpful in giving directions. There are quite a few bus lines right outside the hotel, so it was very easy for us to go all around San Francisco without a car. Also an easy walk to Fillmore Street, where there's shops and dining. A great value.	
Apr 24 2009 	A nifty little place!	We booked this hotel through Expedia after looking at the reviews on Trip Advisor.On arriving at San Francisco Airport we took a short (40mins) shuttle bus drive to the hotel, which is situated in the heart of the city's Japan Town.There was no trouble with our room and although we were on the 8th floor, the lift was speedy.The room itself was bright and airy and really quite large. The hotel is based on a Japanese theme, and our room had a flavor of the East, with futon stle furniture and a quite odd but funky mural covering one room. We liked the room!There was a dressing area with a lit sink and wardrobe, the bath, shower and toilet were in a separate room, and were a tad dark.The staff were always very friendly and answered any questions we had. There is a restaurant atached to the hotel. We ate there the first night, and although the staff were lovely, the food was average, so didn't go back.There are plenty of Asian restaurants in the area, with a shopping centre 2minutes walk from the hotel. Directly opposite the hotel is a deli, which sold nice sandwiches!The hotel had icemachines and drinks machines on alternate floors, however we had to go to floor 4 to find a working ice-machine and the restrooms in the lobby were out of service for our stay. However there was free internet access with a printer available in the lobby!There was also a small gym, which my partner used once.The rooms were cleaned everyday with the hotel operating a policy where you put a card on the bed if you want new sheets and towels in the bath if you want them replacing.The room also had an iron and ironing board which was great!Added extras included a funky i-pod alarm clock and a flat screen TV!Location was fine. The area was fairly quiet and we felt safe. Bus stops to all areas of SF were within minutes walk and taxi's were always readily hailed.Down the road from the Tomo is a hotel called the &quot;Queen Anne&quot; where a ghost tour is held every night at 7pm for £20, quite cool!We both felt that we had gotton a good deal with the Tomo, a hotel nearer the city centre would have been too hectic.	
Apr 17 2009 	modern and unique	Does not feel like a typical US hotel, the halls are small, and lobby has video games and anime. Room was normal size and had the usual amenities but with bold mural and solid colors. I liked it but some people might hate it.It is a long walk from Bart, so non-athletic people need to take taxi or bus to get there.The restaurant serves Japanese food no surprise, but there probably are better ones in neighborhood.	
Mar 29 2009 	Great for weekend trips!	We stayed at Hotel TOMO on a whim. We were attending the San Francisco International Film Festival and a late night horror film kept us from traveling home that night. We decided to stay at the Hotel Tomo and boy what a decision that was!Me and my Nephew are jPop fanatics! Everything from Anime to Japanese rock music are awesome to us. The hotel had a very jPop feel to it. It was very funky!The rooms were big enough (although because we had three people in one room we ended up sharing beds). The showers were a little low and there was a strange smell throughout the hotel. All the cons aside, Hotel TOMO is a very cool place to stay when looking for a hip hotel (for a more traditional japanese hotel experience, try the Hotel Kabuki right down the street)	
Mar 9 2009 	Good value; odd decor	This Japan Town hotel does have some Japanese character to it, including the odd wall murals in the room, along with the only wood grain carpeting I've ever seen. The lamp by the bed was not sufficient to read by. The beds were hard, the number of towels few, and the furniture was not especially comfortable.On the other hand, there was inside parking (for $20) and the price for SF was decent. So it was ok, but nothing to write home about. If looking for no frills and clean, and not interested in staying downtown, it is worth considering.	
Mar 2 2009 	Not as	Good points to start with, the location isn't bad. It is only 2 blocks from a great shopping district in the Fillmore and across the street from Japantown. The service was very accommodating and friendly from beginning to end. I was even allowed early check-in on arrival and given one of their three high-room floors with two windows. Beds are comfortable and the rooms kept clean. Bad points: the price and the bathroom. The bathroom is dark and crowded and really unpleasant. Difficult sharing with two adults. The main reason we changed hotels after 4 nights when booked for 8 was the price. For about $20 more, you can stay at a much higher-end hotel with much nicer amenities elsewhere in the city. That said, it's hard to know where to book in this city as there are so many rooms with various locales, price tags, and levels of service. Tomo isn't bad, but not all that trendy. It's an old, dumpy Best Western that was given a cheap makeover with some IKEA products. That's all.	
Feb 24 2009 	A tad far from the action of SF but with a nice cheaper price tag and convenient buses	This is definitely a great place to stay in a wonderful location at a great price. The front desk personnel are very curteous and accomodating (for $125-160 a night, they give top-notch service). The hotel decor was so whimsical and perfect for the Japanese pop culture / video game / anime / manga fanatic.They even have a restaurant downstairs that opens really early for breakfast and has a bar that is open until late night hours. Their wireless internet is free and very reliable. They also have a safe in each room so if you have a laptop or other valuables, you can safely store it in the room. Let me also add that there is already an iron and ironing board, so don't worry about packing one like I did. Lol.In addition, the location was very convenient. Not only was it right across the street from Japantown -- Bus Lines 2, 3, 4 pass through the bus stop across the street and 4 blocks north (beware of the hills!!!) is another bus stop (Bus Line 1) that takes you a few blocks away from the Ferry Building.The area is pretty safe and quiet. A lot of the restaurants in Japantown stay open so there is still plenty to do late at night. However, I do want to add that almost every night I did hear sirens in the distance. But I'm not sure how close by they were.There were only a few down sides. The walls were not always thick enough (a light-sleeper friend of mine woke up to the sounds of people next door) and he was allergic to the goose down in the pillows. We came in after a night out and there wasn't any water available in the vending machine.Also, the lighting in the room was a bit too dim for my liking, and I couldn't find the switch to turn the heater on. (Did my room even have a heater? Lol. I should have called the front desk.) And if you have leftovers, I don't know how you would warm it up. My room didn't have a microwave.Other than that, my stay here was great, and I'd still highly recommend this hotel (with a warning for the light-sleepers Lol). For the price, convenience, and location, you can't find a better place to stay in the City.	
Feb 23 2009 	Great Japantown Location 	This was a good value. Had balcony room which was large, comfortable and clean. Japantown has easy bus access to downtown, Market St, the Castro and GG Park. Good restaurants in the area. Staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful. Neighborhood is quiet and clean. Wifi was hit or miss, slow, but free.	
Feb 17 2009 	It was ok	We arrived in Hotel Tomo after snowboarding in Tahoe and were done in. We checked in with a lot of luggage and there wasn't even an offer of assistance to our room.We got given a room on the 4th floor and proceeded to unpack our stuff quickly before heading down to Fillmore, so + points to the hotel for location. When we got back in there was a really bad and loud noise coming from outside our room that appeared to be coming from the air conditioning.We had to go to reception and ask for a room change, the receptionist wasn't very forth coming. So it was pack up all our stuff again and move to another room, a bit of an annoyance.All in all, an ok stay, not brilliant but not one of the worst.	
Feb 16 2009 	Coolest hotel we've stayed in	Our trip to California ended with San Francisco and we wanted to stay in different part of S.F. and boy we are sooo glad that we choose this hotel.Its cool, weird (cool weird), japan animated walls, and the room was sooo coool.The walls were painted with manga images and it was very comfy.We were invited to taste Sake in the rec room and we could play with the Nintendo WIIThe hotel is situated in the heart of Japan town so you can walk all around this really great part of S.F.The restaurant that is part of the hotel , is very coolWe get to eat Shabu Shabu (japanese meat fondu) and make a reservation because it can get crowded from locals and tourists.This is the coolest hotel we've stayed in and we would go back there anytime.	
Jan 28 2009 	Gem in San Franciso	Great service. Arrived late at 3am, quick check in. Came to San Francisco for Chinese New Year to see friends. Hotel is located right in Japan Town and central to The City. Francis who was at the front desk of the hotel was extremely friendly and helpful. I asked him about directions to parts of town and he was able to tell me which bus numbers to take the next day. Cannot say enough about how helpful Francis was. I wish all other hotels were as curtious and made guests feel as comfortable. Rooms were very well decorated. Love the design. By far one of the most unique and memorable hotels I have ever stayed at. Very clean and tidy. Milk bottle lamp is awesome and so is the i Home in the room. Because of the service which was extended to me during my stay, I will always return to Hotel Tomo when I come to San Francisco.-Steve	
Jan 27 2009 	Nice Quirky Budget Hotel	We liked the hotel. I would consider it a budget 2-star hotel in excellent shape. The furniture was simple &quot;ikea&quot; style. The wall murals were neat. The front desk staff was friendly and helpful. At $99 nt it is priced right - but no higher!Pros: comfortable bed, decor is unique, food was good at the restaurant, clean, not worn out (yet), Cons: dim lighting in the bathroom, wireless internet was not working in our room (had to be tethered to an ethernet cable), would of loved some lobby coffee or snacks, limited parking! Didn't like their very basic bath toiletries. Only 1 bathrobe in the room. TV remote was difficult - you have to push, push and push the buttons for them to finally work. We would stay here again for a good location, and rightly-priced hotel in the City.	
Jan 17 2009 	Hotel Tomo surpassed my expectations!	I'm surprised to be writing such a stellar review for this hotel after reading many of the comments from other reviewers. I anticipated having the same problems - rude service, slamming doors, lousy wifi connection, and fickle heating. However, given the uniqueness of Hotel Tomo, I was willing to give it a shot. I honestly can say that this hotel far surpassed my expectations and catered to all of my needs for my trip (efficient service, quiet floor, clean room, cool environment). Having said this, readers should keep in mind that this hotel IS a mid-range Best Western, and is neither a five star hotel nor a hostel. You won't get room service or ear-to-ear smiles from the staff, but you needn't worry about comfort, cleanliness, or safety.The service was great - I checked in quite late without any hitches, asked directions and questions of the front desk, and requested taxis from the staff. As my return flight was at 10 pm, the staff was quite amiable about storing my luggage, and actually refused a tip upon retrieving my bags!What prompted me to give this hotel an &quot;excellent&quot; score was the fact that a personalized letter from the head housekeeper was left on my desk, and the &quot;guest experience&quot; manager left a message on my phone to call her extension if I needed anything during my stay. During my visits to much higher end hotels, I only received these types of gestures when doing business with these properties. As just a &quot;regular&quot; guest, I found their messages quite personal and reassuring. The wifi worked perfectly, as did the tea kettle, alarm clock, A/C, and in-room safe. Yuzu-bergamot toiletries and the cushy robe were nice touches, and it was nice waking up to my own music on my ipod. A printer and two computers are available in the lobby for printing out boarding passes, maps, etc.Location is a bit far from the touristy parts of SF, but dead in the heart of Japantown. It was nice to be able to grab take-out ramen from Tanpopo and be back in my room within 5 minutes. A great Korean spa is only a few minutes away as well.A few minor CONS: Housekeeping staff did come knocking at my door at 8:30 am. Fortunately, I was already up, but for those wanting to sleep late, remember to hang that &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign before you turn out the lights. Free breakfast may be too much to ask for, but putting complimentary coffee/tea/fruit in the lobby would be a nice touch. Overall, I would definitely stay here again. If you're not a fan of anime or don't have a sense of humor about the Tomo's decor (i.e., you're &quot;scared&quot; of the room murals!), I would advise you to look elsewhere. For all those looking for a unique experience at a decent rate, I would recommend this place wholeheartedly.	
Jan 10 2009 	Coolest Best Western I've stayed at!	I think whoever had the idea to re-design this Best Western hotel with a &quot;Japanimation&quot; theme is a genius! I wish more small hotels in American cities would convert into art-themed hotels like the Tomo.We enjoyed the concept and the decor. The murals in the rooms and in the hotel restaurant were really cool. The vending machine in the lobby selling $35 gifts was funny, but I was too broke to partake in this.I appreciated the convenient, free internet access in the lobby.The gym had a nice view of the surrounding neighborhood of Japantown, though it was COLD in that room when I went.I took off one star because: 1) breakfast is NOT included when you book; 2) I wish the &quot;gaming rooms&quot; were open when we went so that we could enjoy the decor -- these rooms were closed when we were there; and 3) the week we were there, they did not have the free sake that they usually have for the hotel guests (for some reason, they suspended Hospitality Hour the week of Christmas).	
Dec 28 2008 	Hotel Tomo is Quirky Clean Fun!	I stayed here with my family over Christmas and completely fell in love with this little hotel! In addition to providing us with a comfortable stay in a clean room, there is character running rampant throughout this establishment. The decor is funky tech, from the anime-themed wall murals and Pac Man colors in the halls to the flat-screen TVs and iPod alarm clocks. Comfort, however, is not lost in the novelty. The beds and blankets were soft, the shower was warm and a restaurant on the second floor served a filling breakfast (they served Western egg plates as well as Japanese fish and noodle dishes). The location in Japan Town is ideal for those wanting to avoid the noisy tourist areas but still see a unique, authentic part of San Francisco with restaurants and shopping nearby. The service is not &quot;4-star&quot; - don't expect bellhops or concierge service - but neither is the price, and the people at the desk were friendly and attentive. I definitely will stay here again.	
Dec 28 2008 	Good Budget Hotel in a Good Area	This is a good budget hotel in a nice residential neighborhood. The hotel parking structure appears to hold only a few cars, so we parked in the surrounding neighborhood at night. Some streets have 2-hour parking limits starting at 8:00am, so look for the parking signs to avoid a ticket!We only wanted a decent place to sleep and shower that was located near our friend’s home, so for $99 a night we didn’t mind that the rooms were sparsely furnished and the bathroom light was very dim. The dorm-like furnishings of hard chairs and limited desk space wouldn’t be very comfortable if an adult had to work in the room, but the room was clean and a standard size. Like others, I had problems getting the TV remote to work when I pushed the buttons, but that was OK, since I didn't spend much time in the room.The dark, airless restaurant wasn’t appealing, but there are many places to eat within walking distance.This is a good hotel for the price, but don’t look for the nicer amenities found in higher priced hotels.	
Dec 23 2008	Little Gem	We are travelers who like good deals, and never stay in fancy five-star hotels. We found this hotel to be well-priced, clean, quiet, and located in a very safe neighbourhood. The rooms had a funky decor which added to the experience. The beds were very comfortable. We did not rent a car, so we took the city's fabulous transit system, which by the way, there is a bus stop right outside the door to the hotel. Our favorite place to hang out was the North Beach area, and it was only a 20 minute bus ride!! The hotel is also located steps away from the Pacific Heights district, which is a beautiful area of the city with great shopping, restaurants, etc. We love San Fran, and would definitely stay at Hotel Tomo again!	
Dec 2 2008 	Good central location in the middle of Japan Town	Stayed at the Hotel Tomo after comparing the price with the Hotel Kabuki just a few blocks away, the Holiday rate they were offering was good.Located at the entrance of the Japan Town shopping area and surrounded by a neighborhood that is well-kept, this area was very safe compared to when I stayed in Union Square, Market Street, North Beach previously. The room was nice with a good king-sized bed. Opt for the 8th floor room (top) if you can since you will have a great view of the city and unobstructed scene as well.Front desk was accomodating for directions around town and a quick check in and out as well. Parking was $20 which is average for the area. Wifi connection was wonky for me and the Best Western tech support line was not helpful, got to piggy back on another non-hotel wifi though. Comes with small room fridge.As noted in other reports, the t.v. remote control was not easy to use and sometimes missing buttons. Transferred from a different room when the smoke detector started beeping due to low battery and no technician was around.Good location, good service.	
Nov 19 2008	liked it	had a room on the sixth floor with a nice few over the citythe room was clean,very large with good beds, we payed about 70 euro for a night, for us a good deal considering the place the people were very friendly and the hotel is pleasantly situated in japan town breakfast is so so and a little to much expencivebusstop to pier 39 is just in front of the hotel and costs you 2 dollar, also there are a lot of restaurants nearbywe had a good time in Tomo hotel, thank you again	
Nov 5 2008 	Very good hotel	Stayed 7 days in a King Deluxe Room, first floor. Very clean. Big room. Free WIFI. Hotel is in a good location in a safe and quite area of the city, just at the entrance of the Japan Center. Close to many restaurants and shops. MUNI Bus station to city center just in front of the hotel. Excellent value.	
Oct 6 2008 	Liked the decor of the room.	I liked the anime wall prints that decorated the room. It added a nice touch. Also, liked the colorful yellow linens and the window seat. The art on the wall was also different and nice. I didn't like the bathroom. It was dark and looked like it needed to be remodeled. Also the TV remote didn't really work. The hotel looks like it's in the process of reinovating and will get better in a few years. It was a good place to stay that was affordable for a one night in SF.	
Sep 25 2008 	Great location family friendly	We made reservations at the Hotel Tomo before discovering it had received good reviews in an article in Sunset Magazine months before. The Japantown location was central to our travels. The surrounding neighborhood is very residential, and we were able to easily park for free in the neighborhood each night. The hotel does offer parking for a fee, but it was not necessary. We usually were able to find a spot within a block or two of the hotel. The rooms are very comfortable and a good size for 2 adults and 2 children. The restaurant was loud (it is very popular). The first night we stayed in a room on the ground level which was noisy from the street and the restaurant. We requested a quieter room for the next 2 nights and the front desk staff was very accommodating. The room we stayed in on a higher floor was quite quiet. We thought the room rates were reasonable, especially for San Francisco.We would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 17 2008 	Loved Hotel Tomo!	I stayed at Hotel Tomo in Sept 2008. I'm a graphic designer and I really appreciate moderately priced hotels with style. When I came across articles about Hotel Tomo on some design-related websites, I was very interested. After doing more research and learning its location in Japantown, I knew I'd love it.When I travel I don't like to stay in touristy areas (so boring and monotonous), but at the same time I want easy access to wherever I want to go. Tomo didn't disappoint. There are plenty of MUNI bus stops just steps from the hotel. Cabs are pretty easy to come by as well (or the front desk can call one for you).With its location, you're also just 2 blocks from Fillmore St., where there are some great shops and restaurants. I also loved Kinokuniya Bookstore across the street from the hotel, in the little mall.My room with a king sized bed was really cool (loved the mural, the furniture, and the wood grain carpet!), but more importantly it was very clean. The only minor thing, which I knew ahead of time from reading TripAdvisor reviews, is that there's a daycare or something with kids right by the hotel. I was on the 4th floor and could hear the kids playing outside. But it wasn't enough to annoy me or make me not want to stay there again.Overall I thought Hotel Tomo was a great value for San Francisco. It's in a great, but not touristy location. You're just a short walk to many restaurants and shops. I'd stay here again!	
Aug 26 2008 	Pleasant times in Tomo	I stayed at the Hotel Tomo back in the last week of June. It was a really nice place. The front desk people were very helpful. They told us about getting around on the bus and called a cab for us one night when we were going out late and the buses had stopped running for the night. The bus stop is right across the street! It was super convienant. The rooms were nice. We had two queen beds, and they were nice and stiff. Very comfortable. I slept really well. Since there were three of us staying in there, I was going to get extra pillows, however, when I opened the bottom dresser drawer, there was a pillow waiting in there and in the 2nd drawer a feather comforter. :)The &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; signs were really cute. They did call and ask when we left it up for more than a day if we were sleeping or wanted our room cleaned. Oops. hahaI loved the giant bean bag thing. I think it was called a Fat Boy. That was nice. The window seat was really lovely. It was totally hard, but nice. We would set up the table by it since the table only has 2 chairs and play cards there at night. They had wireless which was really nice to be able to use the laptop. However, if you don't have a laptop, they do have computers in the lobby you can use.The restuarant was alright. We had breakfast there one morning. I got pancakes. They were ok. The service was very prompt though and friendly.Parking. The ramp, we could use one of the two nights we had a car. It was cool, I'm just glad we had a compact car though! The second night, we parked across the street at the mall ramp. That worked out well. It was only like $15 for overnight, and the spaces weren't so cramped.Japantown seemed very safe and was pretty convienant. I liked it. For the price, you really can't beat hotel tomo. It's simple, clean and fun. The staff is extremely helpful and knowledgable.The front desk booked shuttles for us to get back to the airport. All three of us had different flights. They let us split the room three ways and pay at all different times the day we checked out. It was very cool of them to let us do that so we didn't have to worry about that.As I said, I loved the hotel. The staff was great, our room was clean. The bathroom was nice. They had in inroom safe. It was very cool. I loved the lamps, the curtains, the sheets. Fun times!!	
Aug 25 2008 	Perfect For Shows At The Fillmore!!!	My wife and I went to see Bloc Party at the Fillmore, and chose this hotel due to its proximity to the venue. Once we checked in, we fell in love. It has a Modern Hostel feel to it...sort of felt like we were europe...or japan. The hotel is located directly in the middle of Japan Town, and there are tons of great noodle restaurants within a stones throw. Not to mention all the Japanese and Korean markets. All-in-all, this was the perfect hotel for our tastes, and any show at the Fillmore.	
Aug 25 2008 	Fun oddball decor and great location	Though we live in the vicinity, we stayed at the Tomo for two nights during a family event in San Francisco. The western part of the city, away from downtown but close to where much of the population lives, has very few hotels, so the Tomo and its more upscale Japantown sibling, the Kabuki, are excellent choices if you don't want quite as much hubbub and are visiting friends or family. The Tomo occupies a dull 1960s building, but it was cleverly renovated in 2006 and given a new anime/manga-inspired decor--loads of fun, with Japanese-style cartoon murals in each room (kids should love it). Beds are outstandingly comfortable and have very fresh linens; rooms and bathrooms are smallish but not as microscopic as many in downtown boutique hotels. Furnishings are mostly light-colored and cheery, there are brand-new flat screen TVs, and beanbag chairs add another whimsical touch. Though the building shows flashes of its age--air conditioning in our room was cranky and some of the bathroom tiles are original-- the sprucing-up is effective (carpets could use some attention). The Tomo isn't run as a luxury hostelry but is a good value, and its Japantown location is interesting; you can also get downtown or to Ocean Beach by bus in about 15 minutes. Parking tip: the hotel's small garage fills up early and costs guests $20 overnight, but this residential neighborhood has some parking spaces where you may be able to leave your car overnight and on Sundays for free (read street signs carefully!).	
Aug 23 2008 	Great value 	Great value and lots of fun.I stayed there for a long weekend with infant son and my mother and would highly recommend the hotel.Pluses:*Excellent value: very comfortable, clean, and thoughtfully appointed rooms all for a reasonable price*Great staff: Staff were very friendly and helpful - e.g., with bags, advice on getting around, parking, etc.*Fun vibe: Love the Japanime/Manga theme decor! Adds an energy to the place - unusual as most hotels in this price range are the same drab fluorescent-lit boxes*Easy location: Japantown is cute to walk around in &amp; it is an easy bus or taxi into Union Square. A plus that in Japantown you don't have to deal with the madness of the crowds in Union SquareMinuses:*This is not a luxury hotel/treat hotel - but it doesn't pretend to beI'd definitely stay there again!	
Aug 10 2008 	A quirky makeover	You get the feeling that the Hotel Tomo has been on the end of a extreme makeover. Someone has rushed in there one morning and decided to turn it Japanese by sticking up murals in each room, replacing dated furniture with trendy minimalism and putting Japanese soap in the bathrooms. It is mostly cosmetic, and underneath it is simply a Best Western, but there’s enough quirky coolness to make for an interesting stay. The rooms are extremely comfy and there are some nice extras like the docking station for an iPod. The sports channels on our TV were faulty and front desk failed to fix it (probably to the relief of my girlfriend) but they were exceptionally friendly so we’ll let them off.Location wise, it’s close to a number of bus routes so you can get to different areas like Castro or Downtown with ease. And, it should go without saying, but it’s the perfect place to stay if you want to eat lots and lots of great Japanese food. Especially at the bakery across the road.	
Jul 29 2008 	Very cute hotel with extremely friendly staff	My husband and I stayed at Hotel Tomo for our anniversary. When I bought our tickets, I used their website and also became a member (for free) of their hotel's membership club. That meant that we received a complimentary bottle of wine in our room upon arrival. I also included in the notes to the hotel that it was our second wedding anniversary. They left a bottle of champagne in our room and a Hotel Tomo t-shirt with a card saying that the second anniversary is the cotton anniversary. It was thoughtful of them.There were robes in the room for us, and Jimmy, who showed us the room when we arrived was very friendly. We got a call about ten minutes after getting into our room from the front desk asking if everything was satisfactory. Apparently that's what they do at Joie de Vivre hotels, because we stayed at a different one the day before, and they also called after check-in.The hotel room was adorable, and the bed, which was like a futon, was firm but comfortable. The room had a lot of character, was clean, and new. I would absolutely stay there again. I liked being in Japantown. It was a different way to see San Francisco, outside of the business of downtown.	
Jul 7 2008 	Great Stay at Hotel Tomo	I just got back from a short stay at Hotel Tomo. This hotel is soooo cool! The decor is amazing. Rooms are very clean and decent size. We had a small balcony with a view of the neighborhood. It is located in Japantown. It is not walking distance to the main attractions, but you can take a cab for about $6-7 into union square. Or you can take a bus. I usually always stay in Union Square when visiting San Francisco, but I really enjoyed staying in a different location. It's very quiet and safe to walk around even late at night.There are tons of great restaurants around the hotel. The Hotel even has a cool shabu-shabu restaurant. However I did not get a chance to eat there.The staff is very friendly and helpful. It is a great deal too. Much less than all the other hotels in touristy areas of San Francisco. I will totally stay here again!!	
Jul 1 2008 	Loved the Tomo!!!!!	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Tomo after staying one night at the Comfort Inn on Van Ness. After that nastyness of a hotel, we were very pleased when we switched to the Hotel Tomo. Not only was it very close to the University of the Pacific, where my husband was going to be taking his dental licensure exam, but across the street from Japantown and the various transportation to downtown. This hotel is away from the hustle and bustle from the more toursity areas, so you are able to feel more like the locals - which is what my DH and I love. We love to see where the locals hang out, eat, walk around...that way you get more of the &quot;genuine&quot; city. But if you want to see more touristy areas, the bus stop is literally across the street and will take you there in no time.The decor is funky, Japanese pop, which is awesome and unique. The only complaint I have is the bed platform is a wooden square and it is easy to bang your leg against it when you're not careful. Otherwise, the bed is comfy, and the rooms are very clean.Would I recommend this hotel: ABSO-FREAKIN-LUTELY!!! We loved our 1-week stay here. Not to mention, it was pretty inexpensive: around $140/night.	
Jun 28 2008 	Hotel Tomo a pleasure to stay at!	Travelling around the USA is a great thing. Staying in excellent hotels during the trip is even greater! Hotel Tomo was one of them and I certainly advise this hotel to everyone who likes to stay in a nice quiet neighbourhood close to downtown San Francisco.The nice people at the front desk gave us a warm welcome and even gave us a phonecall 10 mins after we entered our room, just to make sure everything was alright.We had a double bed (excellent beds by the way) room, with an LCD television, a radio (you could even hook your iPod up it), a nice shower and badroom. The cleaning staff were extremely friendly and did a great job!I had a real good time at Hotel Tomo, it was a real pleasure to stay there !	
Jun 25 2008 	Excellent Location great staff.	We took our son and his girlfriend to San Francisco for their graduation trip. They are both Anime fans so we chose this hotel for the theme. The room was comfortable for the four of us for five days. The location was the best! Not only was it right in Japan Town and only a block from Japan Center, it is on a major muni route. We parked the car and didn't worry about it until we left. We were less than 30 minutes from everything we wanted to see, the Haight, Union Square, Pier 39 and many museums. The staff was helpful and cordial the whole time. There is limited parking at the hotel but they use the Japan Center lot as overflow and were very helpful with loading and unloading. The view was terrific and the rooms clean and well kept. We will stay there whenever we go to the City in the future.	
Jun 17 2008	Best Tomo!!	We booked through Orbitz and used Orbitz's summer 10% coupon code. The only hotel with two Queen beds within our price range, and surprisingly, there were no other hidden charges upon checking in. The receptionist was a little stingy about giving out four bus maps. However, the room was very clean and very roomy. There is a huge bean bag chair and also a bench by the window. We stayed on 2nd floor but not noisy at all. The room decor is very modern and to our likings. Room has extra blankets which came in handy on cold SF nights while we were there. Close to Bus # 2, 3, 4, 22 and I believe 32 which can take you to union square, golden gate bride and alamo square park. We bought a 3 days muni pass for $ 18 at union sq and used it to take buses, cable car and street car all three days. Japanese food and Japan center was really good at very decent price compare to NY's.	
Jun 10 2008 	Tomo not that bad!	we stayed at the Tomo for two nights last Sept. while in town for some concerts at the Fillmore. I thought the hotel was fine, and we didn't have any problems with noise as some of the other reviews have stated, so either we got lucky, or we are heavy sleepers which is definitely not the case. The hotel itself is okay, it was recently redone so everything was very new looking, and the decor is exactly what you would expect from this type of place. If you are staying a j-pop themed hotel, don't expect antiquity or that nothing will look like plastic. I thought that the rooms were very spacious, and the bed was a good size and comfortable. The location is just okay, but we chose this specific hotel in mind as it is within easy walking distance to the Fillmore. There's obviously plenty of great Japanese restaurants around here too.	
May 17 2008 	Wonderful modern hotel in a great location!	We had a wonderful stay at this charming, modern Japanese kitchy hotel in the middle of Japantown and two blocks from the Fillmore Shopping area. We had a room on the 7th floor with a pleasant view of Japantown.The rooms were clean, modern, and had Frette sheets and bathrobes, soap and shower stuff from a small soap store in Pasadena, CA and a flat screen TV and Artemide lights.A very good Thai restaurant is across the street (Jitlade...order their specials!) and the Kabuki movie theatre is a few blocks away with an adults only balcony/bar where you can bring your cocktails into the theatre. Yoshi's restaurant is within a few blocks as is a new hot cafe, SPQR, on Fillmore.The hotel staff was friendly and helpful and the manager even called me several times to ensure that my bill was correct after I called to inquire about it. We intend to stay here again (or else at the W if we feel like spending twice as much.)	
May 14 2008 	Great location if you like Japantown	The room has IKEA like furniture, simple, modern and serve its purpose. The bean bag chair is not as comfortable as it looks. It has a ipod docking alarm clock which my daughter likes and a LCD TV.It is located right in the Japantown, so it is very convenient if you like Japanese food at reasonable price. Japan Center has other stores too. It is a fun experience to browse and walk around.When we came back late one night, the hotel parking was full so I had to park at the Japan Center. With the receipt, the hotel waive the over night parking fee. It is a very short walk and I find it safe walking at night.There is a Japanese cafe right across the street from the hotel. We had the breakfast there. Many locals stop there so you get a local feel. The bakery makes mochi (rice cake) there. It is delicious so we bought a box to go. The bakery has been in busuiness for many years.The price is reasonable. It is clean and convenient. Overall, we like the hotel and will definitely stay again.	
May 12 2008 	Loved the Tomo	Right in the heart of Japan Town a wonderful but little known part of San Francisco is the Best Western Tomo! Our stay was fantastic. Every person we dealt with at the hotel couldn't have been nicer, our room was immaculate and simple. A perfect combination of Japanese and Western design, very comfortable and pleasant. The greatest was the parking. The hotel charges a modest $20.00 per night parking fee, a bargain in San Francisco. If their small parking lot is full as it was one night they send you to the public parking lot aroung the corner and reminburse the parking fee. They have a small restaurant in the hotel, we only had breakfast there but it was very good. The Tomo is now our go to place when visiting San Francisco.	
Apr 7 2008 	A nice stay!	Great little hotel tucked in the heart of SF. My daughter and I stayed there to attend a memorial for an uncle. Auntie lived near by and this seemed convenient. My daughter LOVED the manga art and design. The price was excellent, the food in the restaurant was GREAT. Clean, neat and well done....I am liking Bestwestern more and more. In the heart of Japan Town...safe and clean and fun.	
Apr 2 2008 	Great Experience At Hotel Tomo	This was my first time in SF and I'm very happy we stayed here. The prices were as great as the service. Location was great, right inside Japantown with a bustop in front headed to downtown(really made our 3day passes worth it). It's also not too far from the California St. Cablecar. Check-in was quick and easy and went straight to the room. Rooms were everything we hoped for and more. We were on the third floor and both rooms were clean, cozy, and had nice views of Japantown. Never had a problem with the complimentary internet(had two macs with us) which was great. Doors closed a little hard but no big deal.Even a few friends from SF came to visit were impressed enough to decide to recommend it and also plan to stay themselves in the future.Service was great all around, we left a jacket there that somehow got stuck under the mattress/bed and they flipped the room upside down to find it. Dara and Gill were extremely quick and helpful in contacting me. Thanks guys!	
Mar 30 2008 	Great Stay	I stayed here with 2 other girls for three nights. It was my first visit to san francisco and i thought this hotel was a great find. Clean and tidy with very spacious modern rooms. Nice bar and restaurant, althought reception was quite small the staff were very friendly and helpful. The hotel is withing easy walking distance to many tourist attractions. I would definitely recommend to a friend.	
Mar 20 2008	Not what I expected	I arrived after a long flight from the east coast to be told that my credit card was declined. Plus, the gentleman at the front desk had the audacity to imply that perhaps the cost of my 5 night stay was above what was available on my credit card. Asinine! The gentleman then discouraged me from using my debit card suggesting that I may not stay the entire time and how difficult it would be to credit back my debit card/checking account. Needless to say it seemed as though I was not welcomed at this hotel.Nonetheless, my daughter and I were tired and hungry so, after almost an hour of nonsense (me standing in their lobby using my cell and laptop to contact my bank) I confirmed my card worked by successfully making a purchase at the convenient store across the street. Upon my return, with my receipt in hand, another gentleman at the front desk proceeds to swipe my card on a terminal just 4 feet from the terminal the other gentleman was using and of course it was successful. Why did it take an hour and a purchase at a nearby store for someone to try the credit card terminal a couple feet away? And... why didn't either gentleman offer me the use of their computers at the far end of the lobby (which I didn't notice until the morning of my departure)?The two gentlemen offered no apology for the 60 minutes of frustration, rudeness and insensitivity. To top it off... I was put in a room on the 2nd floor which faced a center court that housed their &quot;party room.&quot; And yes, there was a party going on that evening until around 9p.On a positive note... the decor was nice.As another guest stated the doors slam loudly whenever a guest leaves their room and we certainly heard doors slamming constantly in the evenings until least 10p.On the final evening of our stay we were forced out of our room due to an overwhelming smell of cigarette smoking (in this non-smoking building). Apparently a guest thought it would be ok to prop open the emergency exit door (right out side my room door) while he repeatedly went out for a smoke allowing his smoke fill the halls and rooms of the 2nd floor. After 2 hours of the increasingly intense smell of smoke I requested another room, since my daughter is asthmatic. So... on our final evening under unfortunate conditions we were put in a room on the 7th floor (of the 8 floor bldg) with an actual balcony and better view which overlooked the city.[I contacted Best Western to report how rudely I was treated upon arrival. The hotel manager contacted me and instead of voluntarily offering some sort of gesture to recompense for their poor service she asked that I tell her what I wanted. Ultimately, I received a trivial discount, which hardly gave me the desire to return to their hotel.]Again, the contemporary decor was nice. Also, the hotel was clean and the neighborhood was quiet and serene.	
Mar 16 2008 	Noisy	A bit noisy here at this hotel. My wife and I stayed for 3 nights during spring break. We were on 3rd floor. At night in bed I kept hearing a sound that sounded like a coffee maker brewing away in the distance. Very strange. All the room doors slam hard and loud. The maids were quite loud with their voices in the early a.m. when this was my time to sleep in!! More negatives: We had a coffee maker but you only get instant coffee. Not good. Flat screen TV was nice but some channels were blurry. The shabu shabu restaurant (Mums I think it's called?) had a raunchy smell about it, so we elected not to dine there. The lighting. The bathroom light was very dim and sometimes it wouldn't work. It also needs a heated light for the showers. You can use the safe box for free, but after one day the code froze on me. They had to reset it the next morning (waking me up in the early a.m. since the maintenance guy had this task first thing!) The elevators were convenient but squeaky with the doors. Our room had the popcorn ceilings so you know it was build in the 70's or 80's. Weird artwork on the walls.Ok, to the positives! I liked the Ikea style props. It had that Japanese/European vibe. Exellent location! I can't stress that enough. Close walk to Fillmore St, Japantown, shops, restaurants, to California St to hop on the cable car (a good 6-7 blocks but it was short), good rates for an expensive city like SF. Front desk were cordial. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. Cool bay windows. Despite the older hotel, the rate and location was excellent. These minor negatives can definitely be turned into positives. I recommend this hotel if you're on a budget and you want a great location.	
Mar 13 2008 	Hotel Tomo Just Alright	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Tomo in early March. It was my husband's first time in San Francisco and I hadn't been since I was 10. We were very excited about our spring break getaway. I booked the hotel online through the &quot;joy of life&quot; hotels. I got a great package for $109 a night including breakfast for two. When we arrived at the hotel, the person at the front desk said they didn't honor the breakfast for two. This irked me right off, but I let it slide because I was excited about the trip. To break it down, here are the pros and cons of the Hotel Tomo:Pros:Great location. Right next to Japan Center and Fillmore Street. Lots of shopping and great restaurants. Reasonably priced.CleanPretty spacious.Elevators were quick.Cons:The bathroom. Period. The light in the bathroom was buzzing and zapping and didn't always come on. The walls in the bathroom were dark grey. Sometimes I felt like I was in a horror movie. The hot and cold were opposite of what they were labeled. The water would turn frigid or scalding hot without me touching a thing (be careful if you have little ones taking a shower without assistance!!). The toilet had such low flow I was always worried it wouldn't flush. The maids were extraordinarily loud in the morning. We were by the utility closet so I got to hear them barking orders and yelling at each other at 7 a.m. The restaurant smelled like a middle school cafeteria. There was no way I wanted to eat there. The pictures on the web were very deceiving. The website boasts in room coffee, I was sad to see it was instant. Gross. On the positive side they did offer green tea. Nice touch... The ice machine didn't work on our floor. The elevator said to go to the 4th floor for additional vending machines. I saw one and it had 70% of the items sold out.In conclusion, if you are on a budget and like Japantown you may want to stay here. If you like something a little more upscale and want more nightlife, this is not the place for you.	
Mar 7 2008 	good experience in TOMO	Reviewer: SWL from TaiwanI was stay in TOMO from Feb 24 to Feb 27 2008.This is the first time I went to USA.TOMO is a nice totel and gave me good experience in traveling.Safe and clean localion, the room and space of hotel is clean and comfortable too.The personnel were friendly. Eating breakfast in the restaurant &quot;Mums&quot; is so enjoyable.I really enjoy the time stay in TOMO.TOMO will be the first choice for me to stay if I have a chance to go to SF again.	
Mar 3 2008 	a little grim	Hotel Tomo is in a great location, if you want to thoroughly shop Japantown (my kids love Japantown). The hotel boasts a &quot;Japanese pop culture&quot; theme, but apparently Japanese pop culture is a little grim. The hotel's theme is bluegrey with the occasional bright yellow, enhanced by dim fluorescent lighting. The drawings on the walls are of faceless people being watched by storm troopers with dogs, plus the occasional weeping spirit girl. I'm sure this has appeal, but not especially to kids.I've spent a lot of time in Japan, and this hotel would really benefit from a little bona fide Japanese sense of pride. I asked the maids to remove the drippy handprints from the windows (the maids were very nice), but there was nothing I could do about the soapy, greasy, really exceptionally dirty flatware in the restaurant. The dishwasher was obviously broken but in use anyway. There were no apologies from the waiter. Because there was a storm that night, my kids rented a hotel movie. The quality was terrible- the picture jumped all around, and flashed between black and white and color. Again, the staff at the desk couldn't care less. On the plus side, the japanese breakfast in the restaurant was really quite good. However, if you want to get a Shabu dinner, I'd skip this place (which has a broken down Lyon's kind of feel, at least in the mornings)- I recommend Shabu-Sen, just a block away. The service, ambiance, and food are all terrific, and kids love cooking their own food. My girls and I also really enjoyed the Hawaiian restaurant (Honu) a block away from the hotel. They had a live band, great fries, a friendly ohana feeling, and plenty of Hawaiian beers on tap.	
Mar 2 2008 	Gem of a hotel	We have just returned from a 4 week family holiday to the US with the hotel Tomo as the first hotel we stayed in in the US. Subsequently, having stayed in many hotels during our holiday this hotel was one of the best and difficult to fault. The room was clean and the decor bright and cheerful. The bathrooms were interestingly set out but clean and the beds were comfortable. The reception staff were pleasent enough and always happy to assist us with our enquiries. My only gripe would be the small size of the rooms but as we were only in our rooms to sleep this was not a problem. The location ot hotel Tomo suited us. Although it wasnt in the city or touristy fishermans wharf, the bus ran past the hotel making trips these places easy. Japantown was just lovely with its quaint malls and shops. I would definately recommend this hotel for anyone travelling to San Francisco.	
Mar 2 2008 	Arigato Hotel Tomo	This hotel has quirky Japanese pop art/manga decor, including full colorful wall murals and a Japanese style vending machine in the lobby. It was quiet and pristine. If the room had a thermostat I couldn't locate it, and was therefore a little cool for the evening, but fine once under the covers. I found the bed a bit uncomfortably hard, but not so much so that I didn't get a good night's sleep. The location was lovely, in Japantown, and the room on the 4th floor had a nice view; the hotel being close to the crest of Cathedral Hill. The front desk staff was friendly and extremely helpful when I needed to get a last minute shuttle to the airport.	
Feb 26 2008 	Great place especially for the price	The Best Western Hotel Tomo was a great place to stay. The hotel doesn't offer amenities such as valet parking or free breakfast, but the location and price more than make up for that. The room was clean and the staff was very friendly. The parking lot is small but there is a large lot within walking distance. Also within walking distance are scores of restaurants and shops. I recommend this hotel to anyone looking to travel on a budget who likes a clean room and a great neighborhood to roam around in.	
Feb 20 2008 	Below parr cheaply furnished to be adequate for Japanese adolescents	Finding an affordable hotel is a challenge in a big city like SF, but one should not have to sacrafice too much for that affordability. I spent two nights here. The Tomo appears to be oriented in decor to teenage Japanese tourists. The cheapest furniture is used and looks like it was Ikea's lowest end. The yemperature control units did not work in both my room and my friend's room, so it was too warm. The bathroom was belwo average. For the price the value was lacking. One can find better values elsewhere in SF.The hotel is about 5-10 minutes drive from Union Square, 15 or so from Ghiradelli SqOn the positive side, the hotel is located on a major bus line. It is adjacent ot Japan Town with plenty of specialty shops and restaurants. It was quiet enough to sleep well, depsite the hard cheap bed. I had a passable breakfast, but Denny;s would be a step up. The staff was friendly and informative.If you are an adult not looking to be in Japantown find a different place to stay.One can also consider B&amp;Bs or staying outside of SF. On my third night I had a great stay and the Concord Hilton, 4 stars and the same price and convenient to BART.	
Feb 11 2008 	Not that great	I would have to agree with the previous poster regarding the service. I'm not a person who requires hotel employees to go out of their way to be friendly but no one at the front desk ever greeted me or showed any interest in me, whatsoever. They behaved so strangely, for example, when I checked in, I gave my name and the employee pulled out a piece of printed paper waved it at me as if to show me the print (which I couldn't see) and said my name aloud as if to say to me: &quot;Here, I found your paperwork!&quot;. When I checked out, the clerk assumed that the woman standing next to me was with me (she wasn't -- ok, he couldn't have known that) but after getting both our room numbers, he printed my paperwork and then turned to her to give her her paperwork. By that point, he was ignoring me. The other clerk, stood behind him watching their interaction and I had to gently flag down that person to hand my bag over to him. None of this was terrible, of course, but I've stayed at lots of JDV hotels, and the service is always top notch. I'm guessing that this hotel is not owned by JDV but is simply &quot;sold&quot; by them.I hope when the management responds to this posting that the manager discloses the hotel's relationship to JDV.On another matter, I found the room very noisy. I stayed near the elevator (and although there was a utility room between my room and the elevator), I could hear the elevator opening and closing all night (and into the early morning hours). I am not a light sleeper but I would have to say that the other guests that returned to their rooms saw no problem with talking loudly and laughing loudly as they tromped down the halls to their rooms. In addition, the doors to the rooms are on heavy springs so after being serenaded by other guests in the hallway, I got used to the loud slamming of their doors when they entered. There are also a lot of noises in the room. There is some sort of ventilation system in bathroom that you cannot control that makes a lot of noise. (I closed the door to the bathroom to lessen it). In addition, there was a refrigerator (which was empty), which turned on only once and scared the living daylights out of me. I quickly got up and turned it off.Lastly, both my friend (who stayed on the top floor near the rear of the hotel) and myself had trouble regulating the temperature in the room. The first thing you have to be aware of is that the switch marked &quot;air conditioning&quot; is both the A/C and the heat. So, if the room is cold, turn on the A/C and then set the thermostat to the temperature you want and the heat will come on. Even with the &quot;A/C&quot; turned off, one night, the room was on the warm side because, I am guessing, the person below me must have had their heat turned up high. I didn't want to turn on the real air conditioning in February just to combat the heat from downstairs so I put up with it.The hotel has a cute motif and the neighborhood is pleasant. We had a car but used public transit which was easy to access. I can't say that I would return to this hotel any time soon.	
Jan 27 2008 	Absolutely Perfect	I cannot think of any reason why anyone would be dissatisfied with this hotel. I found it clean, modern and friendly. On top of all this the price was very low. As I walked into the room I immediately felt very cheerful because of the light, bright colour scheme and the interesting mural on the wall. A lady, who I think was called Gill, who works at the front desk went out of her way to be extra helpful and friendly.One thing you should know: Tomo is not in the bustling centre of San Francisco, it's in a more residential area (I personally liked this because I always like to see how the true residents live when I visit a city). I saw a couple of other hotels in the centre and they seemed to be a lot older (old buildings, old interiors) and were, of course, hugely more expensive. In comparison, Tomo was in a lovely condition. There's a bus that stops outside the hotel and gets you to the centre in less than 10 minutes and costs $1.50.These are the only two reasons why you may not love this hotel:1. You're old and it's too 'trendy' for you.2. You want to be right in the very centre of San Francisco, ie. next to Union Square. Tip: If you stay here, turn right out of the hotel and after about 3 blocks you'll reach Fillmore street which has lovely little shops and restaurants. If you walk up Fillmore street, where it meets Broadway, there's a view of the bay and the Golden Gate Bridge. I only found all this by accident when I got off the bus at the wrong stop!And one more thing, there's cool, big beanbag in every room!	
Jan 24 2008 	Interesting Concept Terrible Service	I've recently stayed at the Best Western Hotel Tomo and had a horrible experience. I chose to stay at this property after staying at another Joie de Vivre Boutique Hotel in which I had a wonderful experience. The hotel had a modern J-Pop concept and the lobby was small but interesting. The front desk staff was not friendly or helpful at all. No one at the desk ever greeted or acknowledged me and I went to the desk a number of three times, once at check-in, once to ask for directions and for toiletries, and lastly at check-out. It always seemed like an inconvenience for them to assist me. Peter at the desk was especially cold and very rude. I have never encountered such horrible service before. I thought that the layout and location of the hotel was generally good but the management should consider training their staff on being hospitable, on guest relations, and customer service. Overall I would not select the Best Western Hotel Tomo again when staying in San Francisco and would not recommend to family or friends.	
Jan 22 2008 	Clean Quiet and Cool	We stayed here for 1 night after the trip from Sydney to San Francisco. Found the hotel through trip advisor and picked it mainly because of price and the promise of a new fitout. It was fantastic. And the rooms even looked like the pics promised on the hotel website. The taxi cost about $35 from the airport to the hotel.We arrived earlier than expected but our room was ready and we were moved to one on the upper floors. The staff were extremely helpful and welcoming. And it was entertaining watching the little kids in the foyer play with the big cushion! Everything in the room was new, clean and fresh and the big TV and i-pod dock was great.The hotel was in easy walking distance of Union Square, in fact the day was so nice that apart from an obiligatory ride on a cable car we walked everywhere.After a big afternoon and evening of exploring - delicious lunch at Yank Sing, Union Square, Fishermans' Wharf, a ferry trip on the harbour, and an entertaining hour or two at the Bourbon &amp; Branch (!), we were ready for a light meal and a good nights sleep. The Japantown (or J-town as our cab driver called it) location was perfect - we got our fill of action on the walk back with the streets getting progressively quieter the closer we got to the hotel. We could have eaten in-house (it was popular, very long queues to get in) but we decided to cross the road and explore the little square area. There was a good sized group of restaurants with plenty of choice. We found one which served a hearty and healthy bowl of tempura udon soup for about $US8 - just the thing! Check out was quick, the staff were still smiling and the taxi arrived within minutes.For just over $100 a night for 2 it was perfect. And the Joie de Vivre website is a wonderful resource for a visitor. We passed the Hotel Carlton, which is further along Sutter Street, and that looked great too. Would absolutely recommend this chain.	
Jan 18 2008 	Tomo was fun	This hotel was very fun. The room looked exactly like the photo, very clean, funky design and well proportioned. Location was great, quiet, safe and clean with easy access to the Muni and 10 minutes from upbeat cafes and shops . The staff were helpful and friendly. The only drawback was that the wireless internet was down during our stay and internet access was only available from the lobby.	
Jan 3 2008	So Much Fun! Surprises Galore...	The Tomo will surprise and delight guests of all ages and ethnicities. I don't want to give away all the surprises but let's just say when they renovated and decorated this place, they went the extra mile on creativity. Comfortable beds, sturdy furnishings, awesome use of color...and more! Street parking was also a nice added surprise. Very nice and savvy front desk manager (a woman with a European name)...Anyhow, enjoy!	
Dec 19 2007	Hotel Tomo - great in Japantown	When you arrive at the hotel you are greeted with a long couch that looks like a Puli dog dyed blue. Blue fantastic.They have a Giant Robot vending machine with sweatshirts &amp; tshirts. Which is about the coolest thing to have in a hotel.You are right across the street from the Japantown center with it's own little mall. Quite a lot of fun.Rooms were each like new-Japanese wave paintings &amp; art. No stuffed animal on the bed like in the photos but most people bring their own. Mini fridge in room as well as free internet access. A blessing for sure!The front desk staff is very welcoming and quick. As long as you ask nicely they will also print your boarding passes (for our air travelers).We had issues with the heat the first night so we switched rooms at 1:30am but again, they were helpful and nice about it. The second room had the same problem until we figured out you have to turn on the &quot;air&quot; to get the heat to work. ** note to guests - on the switch that says Air Conditioner, simply turn the knob to lo or hi. Then adjust the temp on the thermostat. It will kick in within 5 minutes.We also had an issue with the toilet not working properly but it was within a few hours of us leaving. They were gracious and accommodating at the register.Total stay: 3 nightsType of room: Balcony QueenOverall expereince: Quite goodWould stay again: Yes, for sure	
Dec 17 2007	Tastefully Creative	This is the second time I stay at Hotel Tomo... the first time I stayed there was over a year ago, when it was still the Miyako. as te Miyako, it was dark, dreary and overall yucky... This time, as the newly remodeled Hotel Tomo it was clear, crisp and a joy to stay at. From the pictures on the web I thought perhaps we might find the colors and in-room mural a bit over-exciting, maybe making it hard to relax, but we were nicely surprised to find that the color scheme is not neon or shocking, it was actually quite appealing. It felt like the furniture and decorations are something you would find at IKEA, but with a Japanese flair. We absolutely loved it!!! You don't have to feel like you're Japanese or into Anime to really enjoy the main part of the experience. NEWLY REMODELED ROOMS AT A GREAT RATE... now in San Francisco, that means a lot. Quality hotel accomodations without having to shell out a fortune. Everything in the room is new, including the bathroom fixtures, tiles, floor, etc... The room (#711) had a great view (West) so we were able to appreciate a beautiful sunset over the hills. The hotel is just across the street from the main plaza in Japantown so &quot;convenient&quot; is an understatement. It's close to restaurants, theater, the Kubuki bath house, parking, the center of the city, and just about all the main attractions in San Francisco. If I were wealthy and money were no object, I might stay somewhere else, perhaps with complete royalty treatment, spa included. But for me, the average traveler on a tight budget, I felt pampered. Perhaps even somewhat surprised that i had found this clean, beautiful room with a FANTASTIC view for only $110/night. The staff is friendly. If I had to do it again, I certainly would. I can consider myself now a &quot;regular&quot; at the Hotel Tomo.	
Dec 9 2007 	Unique Japanese Decor!	We just stayed at Tomo for a company function, and we were very impressed with the unique Japanese decor ! We booked the hotel through Best Western directly. They &quot;held&quot; the room for me at $119/night, and a week later when I called back to reserve the room, the online price had dropped to $107 and they gladly matched the price. When we arrived, there was an error on the rate sheet, but they fixed at as soon as we pointed it out. We arrived at noon and parked at the hotel parking ($15/day), and our room was ready! The parking lot is small - but since we know this ahead of time, we planned on taking a taxi to our destination. After reading all of the reviews, I had high expectations, and I was not disappointed. The hotel was clean, safe, and quiet. The toiletries DID smell great and the room had a plug-in water kettle for tea/instant coffee. (Not a problem since we found a wonderful french pastry shop/cafe down on Filmore street). The staff was friendly. Overall, Japantown had great food and shopping - it was such a treat! We will definitely stay there next time!	
Dec 9 2007 	Not the best of San Francisco...	Stayed for 5 days. Were given a 'brand new' room on the newly remodeled eighth floor. Good view. Furnishings were new and standard BW quality. Bath room was clean. Terrible noise problems though. Either there were no door closers on the eighth floor or they were not adjusted at all. If you let the door close itself, it would bang and shake half of the floor. Guess what? Our room was shaking by these closing doors around us, till midnight and again after 5 AM. So that'll be your window of sleep if you are a light sleeper. Reported the problem to the manager, in person. She was defensive and did nothing to alleviate the door banging. Seems like terrible work has been done in 'remodeling' the hotel. The walls have little sound insulation. We could hear the TV and conversations in the next room and it appeared the sounds were coming through the electrical cutouts in the wall.They advertise wireless internet available but don't tell you that it is only in the lobby area on the sub ground floor, where there are only four electrical outlets. If your laptop is the fifth one, take a wait and it will be long. Or bring a laptop with fully functioning battery and be prepared to squat on the floor.I travel extensively around the US and this is the first BW I've seen where there were several power extension cords around the room. One behind the TV console and two either side of the bed. Don't know how the SF fire marshall can allow this in a hotel. Again shows poor remodel. Seems like the owner did all the design work himself. No architect worth his salt would miscalculate as to how may power outlets are needed in a hotel room. So this place maybe a safety hazard for you and your loved ones if something like this worries you.	
Dec 6 2007	Fun Hotel!	Just got back from spending 5 days at the Hotel Tomo. I didn't know what to expect, but I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel is in Japantown and has an anime theme. The rooms have anime murals, the decor is very colorful and clean. The hotel overall is clean. I love the toiletries, the smell so clean and fresh! Housekeeping was very good, and I was lucky to have a very nice lady leave a plug-in air freshener which made the room smell even fresher! We had a balcony facing Buchanan, it was nice to be able to open the door and let some air in. There is a restaurant in the lobby, not my cup of tea, but many people seemed to love it. The hotel is near Fillmore street, so there were many restaurant and shops to choose from. There is also a little shopping center across the street. Also, if you walk a couple of blocks, you can catch the #38 Geary bus and head down to Chinatown. This was great for us since we didn't rent a car and needed to get around using public transportation. The only negative about the area (not the hotel) is that most shops and restaurants open late, and close pretty early. The only late night restaurant we could find is Denny's - being that we were in town to catch some concerts at the Fillmore, we were disappointed that most places closed early. Other than that, we LOVED the hotel and the area and plan to return next year.	
Dec 2 2007 	One of the best	Many older hotels are remodelling and upgrading their guest rooms, but not many are investing extra time and effort to give their rooms some style and personality. The designers at the Tomo in Japan Center went out of their way to create rooms that are comfortable and relaxing but also fun to be in, with big hand-painted murals on the walls and artwork suggesting various Japanese pop culture images: Godzilla, Hello Kitty, and various anime characters. Upon arrival I was greeted in the lobby by television monitors showing Japanese cartoons and old Godzilla movies, and I was immediately handed a free sample of cold flavored sake. Definitely the nicest greeting I've ever experienced. The desk clerk honored my request for a room at the back. The room on the 7th floor contained a king-size bed, flat-screen TV (which only got a few channels and even those were fuzzy), and all the stuff you expect these days in a mid-range hotel. The decor was basically modern Japan, with some unusual touches, like the mural depicting a monster (not Godzilla) attacking Tokyo, and a large photograph of a woman's eye. Even with the artwork the room was extremely comfortable, and I knew right away I would enjoy a good night's sleep. The location was so quiet I could have easily kept the window open all night, weather permitting. For a little over $100 this was an incredible bargain for a room of this quality in San Francisco. I parked overnight at the nearby Japan Center for $15, still a great deal. This neighborhood is packed with great restaurants. Between Japan Center and the restaurants along Fillmore you've easily got a week's worth of great dining, all within a five minute walk. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting SF: business travellers, families, honeymooners, anybody. The unique decor (and the low rates) should appeal to anyone.	
Nov 26 2007 	Good service and convenient	Great for families but please note that the furniture is not baby proof! Toddlers should be wary of the bed frames.This was a fun hotel with large clean rooms. Bathrooms are dark though. The upper floors have great views.The location is great because you are near downtown but Japantown is quiet and uncrowded.Hotel parking is easy and not expensive at $15.There are good restaurants nearby.Free Wi-Fi!Good value all around.	
Nov 25 2007 	Great value for the $$; but they need to work a little harder	My boyfriend and I stayed in the Hotel Tomo over Thanksgiving weekend and, overall, were quite happy. We booked online and reserved three nights at $108/ea. We couldn't believe our luck. Our room was large and clean, the decor was excellent with an attention to detail. We deliberately chose Japantown because it's quiet, but close to great shopping (and coffee!) on Filmore, and a quick bus ride downtown (you can catch the bus across from the hotel).The positives: big room with king bed, fantastic modern/playful decor, big flat screen tv, iPod dock, tasteful complimentary bath products, in-room safe, in-room coffee/tea, parking on-site. The negatives: front desk staff was curt and not terribly helpful, heat in room did not work, ran out of hot water (but was still warm-ish) in the morning, no WiFi (the clerk gave us a cable, so we could hook up to free Internet - but still...).A positive experience overall, worth the value, but they have some fine tuning to do in order to keep their guests happy and coming back for more.Also -- fun, crowded &amp; tasty restaurant in the hotel called Shabu-Shabu. Worth checking out.	
Nov 5 2007 	A lucky find in San Francisco	Had a bad experience at the Beach Motel and started looking for a hotel with parking that was not too far from the UCSF Medical Center, where my father was recovering from surgery. Having lived in San Francisco before, decided to try over by Japantown. Found the Best Western Hotel Tomo, which was previously the Hotel Miyako. They actually had rooms available on a walkup basis on a Friday afternoon! And to top it off they gave us a room for $149/nite with tax and parking included! This was for two double beds. Hotel is cute with a kind of Japanese Anime/pop culture motif. Monitors in lobby were playing Godzilla and Japanese cartoons!Hotel looks brand new with modern furnishings in the rooms. Room was immaculate with a small refrigerator, flat screen TV and toiletries by Lather, a very nice store in Los Angeles. Had a light bulb go out, staff came up immediately to fix it. Overall, staff was really very helpful.Japanese restaurant in hotel, did not try, but looked like there was a fun crowd in evening. Hotel was very quiet and safe.Parking does not accommodate all guest cars, so get back in early. My mother who was traveling with me really liked this hotel, even the Anime inspired wall paper in our room.Location is close to just about everything and it is very convenient for someone with car, as there is little traffic in this area. It is also across the street from Japantown and all the Japanese restaurants and shops.It was a lucky stroke to find this hotel and an even luckier stroke to get a room on a Friday without a reservation. I would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone looking for a good reasonably priced hotel in San Francisco.	
Oct 31 2007 	safe location	Stayed at Hotel Tomo as part of a conference at the Hotel Miyako (now Hotel Kabuki), both hotels being owned by the same group. The Tomo is unassuming from the street, but very fun and hip on the inside: a cool (small lobby) and well decorated rooms with a good amount of space. The front desk staff (save for the manager) were subpar, however. I called in advance of my arrival to request an early check in (I was travelling for nine hours to get there, and wasn't looking forward to having to kill two more hours before I could get into my room), and was told--very curtly--check in was at 2:00, since housekeeping had to clean the rooms. Funny, I didn't think this was an unusual request. When I arrived, I found out that they had not charged my company credit card, which I had conveniently neglected to bring along (and arrived on a Saturday). After some back and forth, we got the situation straightened out, but it felt like there was a little more work done on my part (as a guest) than there should have been. There was a distinct language barrier between myself and all of the front desk staff (again, save for the manager), which was frustrating and didn't help to make me feel welcome.The heat in our room didn't work. Thankfully, the weather was mild enough that it wasn't a huge inconvenience.The lock on our door didn't work. I didn't feel like battling the language barrier to address it, and instead used the chain on the door and hoped for the best...that said, the feeling of the neighborhood was very safe, even though we were on the first floor with street access. Clearly, I lived to tell.The staff in the restaurant was curt and rude and could not easily answer a question about how long of a wait it would be to get a table.Housekeeping was aggressive and walked right into the room (remember, the lock didn't work), the day of check in. Hello, the room was already cleaned, I just checked in (and couldn't check in early because you had to clean it, remember?). If you put the do not disturb sign out, they'd call you on the phone. Enough already. I'm all set.The wifi access was spotty, which was bad news for me as a business traveller. My laptop had better luck connecting; unfortunately, my husband was completely unable to connect and had to relocate to a cafe on Fillmore Street to get some work done (where he was able to connect with no problems...).All that said, the rooms were clean, I did feel safe (even with a broken lock!), and the value was good (because I got a group rate related to my conference). I'd stay here again--if I got as good a deal as I did with the group rate--but I'd still plan to bring along my salt shaker, full of the grains of salt that I'd need in staying here.	
Oct 30 2007 	Impressive Design 	My boyfriend and I went to San Francisco for the weekend and I chose Hotel Tomo for its central location, proximity to Japantown, and its affordability. I was also curious about the contemporary Japanese anime/art design but I was skeptical that it would be done well, probably because it's part of the Best Western chain and their hotels are generally too corporate and bland for my taste.But I have to say that my favorite part of Hotel Tomo was how well it was designed. The execution was impressive--bedding, lamps, furniture, paint colors, graphics--and put together they created a comfort and serenity that I haven't experienced before in a hotel room. The building is situated in a quieter part of town which only reinforced the overall effect of the designed space. The front staff was extremely helpful and knowledgeable and there are lots of amenities within walking distance. The hotel is a gem and we'll be returning in the future.	
Oct 22 2007 	Highly impressed!	My husband and I visited San Fran with the sole intent of staying at this property for his birthday. I can honestly say our expectations were fully met at this J-pop themed hotel! Rooms were exceptionally clean, comfortable and spacious. Not to mention unique!! Loved the giant Fatboy beanbag! Linens were of exceptional quality, we especially enjoyed the down comforter we found tucked away in the dresser drawer! Front desk staff was super friendly and inviting, as well as very knowledgeable of the city. We found the hotel to be so fun and awesome that we almost didn't want to leave the room, but then we remembered we were in San Francisco...! We plan to stay here at least once each time we return to S.F.Thank you Hotel TOMO!!	
Oct 10 2007 	Great find	This was a great affordable place to stay. Newly remodeled. Fairly spartan on the service and amenities. Very clean and beds are great. We stayed in one of the deluxe kings. Conveniently located to city center/Union square if that's what you are into. J-town is somewhat diminutive but pretty cool. I would definitely consider another stay here when in the city. Can't beat the value.	
Oct 3 2007 	super cool hotel uniquely awesome experience!!	what an awesome hotel! i was a little worried it would fall short of my expectations based on a few of the previous reviews, but everything was all good once i got there. from the moment you step into the lobby, you are surrounded by j-pop themed decor - very cool. the room was spacious and clean. it had an alarm clock radio with an ipod dock, a flat screen tv, a jumbo beanbag, and a mini fridge. for the most part the room/hotel was clean and well-kept. the bathroom was nothing special - kinda hoped the coolness would have extended there, but oh well. service was friendly and helpful. location is excellent, right in japantown. lots of good restaurants nearby, safe neighborhood and union square is only a 5-10 minute bus ride away. i switched hotels after only a couple nights here because i was meeting a couple friends and to stay closer to the convention center. i really wished i hadn't moved! compared to the courtyard marriott, the room was bigger had more amenities (fridge, ipod radio) and was half the cost. i would definitely stay here again if i come to SF!	
Sep 10 2007 	Bad parking no guest laundry	I researched this hotel on the Best Western site.And two of the amenities listedwere indoor parking on site and guest laundry. (Also the 2007 AAA Tourbook listsonsite parking.) As it turned out theparking was very limited and there was no guest laundry facilities.The sign in the parking garage stated, “There are only 35 spaces inthe parking garage. If the Full sign is on, please ask at frontdesk for alternate parking.” This is for a hotel with 125 rooms!Essentially parking was a Russian Roulette situation. We had tochange our plans because we couldn’t get guaranteed parking.We had bicycles in our van and were going to cycle aroundGolden Gate Park. We had to figure out how to get to the parkwith public transportation, without bikes, since we didn’t want to movefrom the parking garage. So the alternate parking was around the corner and the nextblock over at the Japan Center. When given directionsby Tomo staff they failed to indicatewhat the name of the parking structure was. When I got around the corner I had to call from my cell to see if I was in the right place. This structure was very noisy and did not have 24-hr access. (To pay the fee in advance of leaving I had to go to the lobby and find out on what parking level the automated machine was located. Tomo didreimburse me for the charges.)On PM 8/21/07 there was no hot water for my wife’s bath; on AM 8/25 thewater was not hot; but tepid.The place had just been renovated and the room was comfortable and clean; however, my wife didn’t care for the wall graphic (because the black silhouettedfigures were frightening when she woke up in the middle of the night).So the stay we had was punctuated with parking hassles andthe annoyance of an unreliable hot water situation.The parking situation is misrepresented in the amenities listsof the Best Western website and the AAA book. This should becorrected!I have sent this complaint, of misrepresentation, to Best Western, AAA, website TripAdvisor, and the hotel owner Joie de Vivre Hotel.	
Sep 6 2007 	What a nice surprise!	We booked the Hotel Tomo because it was close to the people that we were visiting. What a wonderful surpise it was! The hotel looked brand new (and, I found out, was due to recent renovation) and everything was nice and clean! Hotel staff were very friendly and accomodating including helping us print boarding passes and letting us park in the garage for a quick hour for free.I also highly recommend Mum's for shabu-shabu! It is all you can eat which is rare at restaurants. But, I agree with another reviewer to skip them for breakfast...head to Denny's instead.My only tiny complaint was the location of my room. We were right outside the employee breakroom, so we heard the staff quite frequently and sometimes at too early of an hour. Also, being at the end of the hotel I think we must have backed up to a daycare center as there were children playing and screaming at the property next door...but it was at a reasonable hour so it didn't really matter to me. And, as others have said, it is a bit away from all the &quot;action&quot;.I recommend rechecking your hotel rates the closer you get to your trip. When I first booked, the rate was $120, but when I checked a couple weeks prior it was even lower at $95 and they changed it for me!So, even though they didn't have a big heavenly bed or a 5 star hotel restaurant, it was a very pleasant stay for the money. I would definitely recommend it to friends.	
Aug 30 2007 	enoyed the tomo		
Aug 23 2007 	Loved the Tomo		
Aug 12 2007 	Where's the manager?		
Aug 5 2007 	Hotel Tomo was a good value		
Jul 22 2007 	Ok hotel but bad parking		
Jul 17 2007 	A Fantastic Discovery		
Jul 2 2007 	Really cool hotel		
May 24 2007 	j-pop gem in lower pacific heights/ japantown.		
Oct 31 2009 	perfecto		
Oct 22 2009 	Un peu loin de tout.		
Oct 21 2009 	bien a pesar del aviso de incendio		
Oct 9 2009 	Schönes Hotel in Japan Town		
Sep 20 2009 	rénové		
Aug 31 2009 	Un giapponese a San Francisco		
Aug 25 2009 	Chambre agréable		
Aug 21 2009 	Molto carino!!!!!		
Aug 5 2009 	Ein interessantes Hotel in Japantown		
Jun 3 2009 	nettes Hotel in SF		
May 7 2009 	Bon hôtel à recommander		
Feb 4 2009 	Incontournable		
Jan 7 2009	San Fransisco Refreshed		
Jan 5 2009 	bon compromis		
Dec 7 2008 	Super Aufenthalt		
Sep 6 2008 	Tomo !		
Aug 31 2008	hotel caratteristico commodo ai mezzi lontano dal centro		
Jun 18 2008 	Hôtel calme		
May 23 2008 	Luces y Sombras		
