Oct 25 2008 	Stay away!	I was in SF last year to study for a couple months. The school people chose this hotel for me, saying it was ok, not 5 stars, but decent, lots of foreign students, long term residents, etc... [--]! They forgot to say that the &quot;long term residents&quot; included people on parole, ex-cons, etc... not my kind of ideal student trip to SF! Not to mention the &quot;hotel&quot; itself is hedious, old, dirty, with a disgusting filthy bath; dust all over the room. I couldn't barely sleep, because the matress was probably at least 40 years old. Do I need to add it was dirty and smelly as well?I guess even homeless people (who, by the way, gather in the neighborhood) could stand this hotel. They deserve more than this!Stay away! I couldn't stand it more than 2 days. The new hotel the school book me in was not that good as well, but at least I felt secure there.	
Oct 16 2007 	Just what we were looking for!	We booked this hotel, knowing nothing of the area in which it was located. We were looking for a place to sleep during our stay in SF -- something less than $100 per night. We found it. We were a bit apprehensive due to it also being a residence hotel with weekly and monthly rates and many rooms without private baths.We found exactly what we were looking for. We don't need daily maid service -- we can pick up after ourselves, we don't need the little bottles of shampoo and lotion. This is a 100 year old hotel, with the original claw-foot tub, old elevator, front desk, etc. But the on site manager and the front desk staff were outstanding. We felt completely secure, our linens were very clean (although there was a cigarette burn in the blanket -- who cares!), the bathroom was clean, the common areas were clean. I have recommended this hotel to close friends because it is friendly, clean, walking distance to the heart of SF. If you are looking for a Hilton or some other large franchise lodging facility, this is not for you. If, however, you are looking for a place to sleep, a place with some real character and history, and a place where the staff is consistent, honest, and VERY helpful, this is the place for you. We would return in a heartbeat!	
Sep 22 2007	awful place to stay	Just returned from a holiday in san francisco,Unfortunately I happened to stay at this hotel! due to all other hotels I wanted to stay at being full.the location was not too bad for getting around the city.But the hotel itself was awful shabby and looked very uncared for,the best part of it was the reception area after that it was all downhill.Trying to sleep in room was impossible due to traffic noise as hotel was at a crossroads of 2 main roads all night long lorries and motorbikes passing below window. asked to change room but told there was not any avaiable,At reception was told to leave t.v on with sound turned up to drown out noise,But even t.v did not work as there was no aerial.I would advise anyone not to stay here there are much better options about the area for the same rates.The Grant hotel also the Mayflower hotel are so much better to stay at.	
May 11 2006	Very Bad	This is primarily a residence hotel, and should not be used for usual hotel accomodations.It is a very old building with no new upgraids, not very clean, very shabby. The only amenity is a &quot;dining room&quot; with a microwave for residents to heat their meals. The location, the appearance, the clientele, all give the impression of a run down flop house in the seadiest part of town. Most of all, our confirmed reservation for a room with a private bath was not upheld. They gave us a room with no bathroom, and they could not rectify that. We were left out on the street with no place to go. Their &quot;offer&quot; was to charge us &quot;only&quot; the rate for a room without bath - for the room without bath they gave us.A terrible experience I never want to relive.	
Aug 22 2005 	Residence hotel -- Great for those of us on a budget	The Harcourt is a great hotel for those who plan to stay for a few weeksor months in downtown San Fran on a budget. I stayed for the entiresummer while I did an internship between my Junior and Senior years ofcollege.The four great things about the Harcourt are: the price, the location,the people, and the food. The price: Rooms are rented weekly or monthly and include breakfast anddinner in a communal dining area. You get access to a TV, reading room,and a deck on the roof. The rates very reasonable (especially for ashared room.)The location: It is walking distance to the financial district (about 10blocks), walking distance to the library (about 5 blocks), and only ashort bus ride away from the Marina, the Mission, or pretty much anyother part of San Fran. It is on the edge of the Tenderloin (the roughdistrict) but far enough out to avoid trouble.The people: You get an eclectic mix of students, foreign visitors, andlonger term residents. Since you have meals together you'll end upgetting to know them pretty well.The food: Surprisingly good in my opinion. Not a heck of a lot of choicefor any given meal, or very much variety for breakfasts between days.There really wasn't anything that I thought was bad. Several steps abovewhat my high school cafeteria served. That isn't to say it is worldclass. The food is a favorite gripe of the residents, and many enjoyskipping out on free dinner and eating at one of the surroundingexpensive high class restaurants.The three bad things about the Harcourt are: sharing a bathroom, sharinga room, and the decor. For about double the price you can upgrade to aprivate room, but I'm not sure that any of the rooms have a privatebath. While clean, none of the rooms have had any renovation in about 50years. The paint is thick, the hallways are dark, and the windows areheavy.	
