Oct 19 2009 	close to BART station for the rest very poor	We stayed here two nights just before going home. We had no time to search for a nice not too expensive hotel. Location near the Bart was essential for us. That's almost the only positive thing about this hotel. Ok, there were some free small parking spaces &amp; there was free (very slow) internet. Breakfast is very POOR. only coffee and juice, not even hot water for tea!We asked a non-smoking room, but they gave us a smoking anyway.The staff was friendly but they couldn't or didn't want to give us a non-smoking. The room was very old. The old furniture had dirty stains and holes.TV was old too. The noise from flushing the toilet almost gave us a heart attack. Thankfully the bed itself seemed clean. Traffic from outside was audible in the room. I had no problems sleeping but my girlfriend did. The neighborhood was bad too. Not suprisingly though because we did see a lot of beggers in San Fransisco.So, unless free parking and location near te Bart is essential, i would recommend staying elsewhere for just a few extra dollars.	
Oct 16 2009 	Great location  very friendly and helpful service;	I spent a week in this hotel ; the location was very convenient, not the best area in town but i felt safe in the streets; just off market street and civic center. My stay have been great, right from the begging, i have a very nice internal room, if only one bad thing the street can be a bit noisy. By the way all the rooms have got ensuit bathroom , it makes a different, the reception is very well run, very friendly and very helpful guys; i`ll come back here. definatelly;;	
Aug 27 2009 	A lot better value than it appears from the outside	It is a lot better place to stay than it appears from the outside! The rooms are very clean, the staff was very friendly and helpful. The neighborhood is not the best of places, but if you walk a mere 2 blocks, you have something completely different! It is very conveniently located if you come from the airport and public transportation is nearby.	
Aug 25 2009 	Great hotel Bad hood	This is a good hotel in a bad neighborhood. We were looking for a decent hotel that was cheap that had free parking and internet and thats exactly what we got. The only problem was that the area was really bad! Rooms were nice, comfortable, and clean. The hotel was secure with key entry. But you had to drive everywhere or take a cab.	
Jun 28 2009 	Don't stay ever	This is by far the noisiest hotel we have ever stayed at. Hotel located on corner of two of busiest streets. Traffic and sirens didn't stop every night until approx 4.20am only to start up again at 5am. We checked out a day early because of lack of sleep from noise. On one night there was a party in the stairwell and was still going at 1.45am, phoned reception but no answer, had to go downstairs to office and ring bell only to wake the night manager who was very rude. He reluctantly told the party to shut down but they continued on the street outside the hotel anyway. The price certainly did not reflect location or value. Never ever stay here!	
Mar 10 2009 	Don't mind the neighborhood	The hotel is centrally located (20 mins walk from Moscone Center, a short cab ride from the Yahoo Brickhouse, close enough to walk -- about 35 mins -- to the Tourist office and nearby tram station, and is about 5 mins away from a busy street with a lot of public transit and a few good shops.You are, however, looking at a hotel that his pretty close to the Mission, so there are a lot of vagrants in the street, and others with mental issues. I've spent two separate weeks there two years in a row and never had any problem whatsoever; the vagrants do look shady, but don't act the part. In short: don't be afraid of them. Also look at the shop windows; I've seen places with fewer vagrants with reinforced doors, steel bars or other forms of heightened security. In that place: nothing special. Business as usual. I spoke to a few shop owners and they told me they hadn't seen any particular trouble.The service at this facility is stellar. I think Jay alone makes this place feel great. He is very attentive, cheerful, helpful, accommodating. The man is an example to his profession. If they make a standard description for what a great motel manager, he would be it.Nearby are two nice and inexpensive restaurants; a Korean place for breakfast on 9th towards the main street, and at the corner of that main street (forget what it is named) is an excellent vegetarian place -- and that's coming from a dedicated meat eater. I loved it.The rooms are spacious and very clean. Towels are fresh. The staff keeps the place very clean.The free Wi-Fi is fast, reliable, and pretty open (not like some hotels that firewall anything not on e-mail of the standard web port, leaving you stranded if you are on Outlook or must use some other protocols than those very basic ones.)	
Mar 3 2009 	Yucky but cheap	I've stayed here many times because it is right next door to the place I want to be. The manager, Jay, is a sweetheart and very helpful. The motel itself has gone way downhill the past year and many rooms are in dire need of an upgrade. If you're going to the Citadel let Jay know, he'll give you a little extra discount. One other good point - the parking is free...the only free parking in SF.	
Feb 23 2009 	Excellent Location to public transport	The only good thing about this motel was the location the area is seedy although the staff were friendly The rooms had thin walls and the two guys in the room next to us didnt do much sleeping during the night,Basic accomodation bit rundown but clean toilet and shower area	
Oct 13 2008 	Location Value Clean 	I found the Manager Jay to be welcoming, helpful and friendly. The rooms have been painted &amp; freshened up in the past few months and were sparkling clean, spacious and with beaut bathrooms and a separate vanity basin area outside the bathroom itself. Its good value in that the downtown buses are at the door, and it was half the cost of plenty of other places I tried. Downsides are that it can be noisy outside, but the windows are double glazed and can be closed and the air-con worked fine. The area does have an edge, but I wasn't hassled there any more than I was by the many bums and hippies in San Fran who haven't heard that 1967 is over. For less than $100 and with such a handy location and willingness to help from Jay, its great value in what can be a very expensive city.	
Jun 7 2008 	Area is a scarey!	The are was a little scarey. After checking in the man at the counter said to make sure we didn't have anything left in the car due to frequent breakins (he assured us nothing had happened in the past 6 months!!!). The rooms were small but big enough for the price for sure. We did find something wierd on our sheets and had to get another set. When catching the public transportation, we had to walk through a quite seedy part of town. We were glad we only booked it here for one night and would definately recommend getting a cab at night to get to and from the hotel.	
Jun 1 2008 	A good place to stay at a good price. I would do it again!	We spent five days at the downtown Rodeway Inn and we enjoyed our stay. The room was clean and the beds were comfortable. Maid service kept everything refreshed and clean. The bathroom looked like it was recently remodeled. The wifi worked very well, one of the best for a motel that I've used. The breakfast was modest, but adequate and there are a couple of breakfast spots within half a block. Our room offered a fridge and microwave plus the standard coffee maker. A mini mart is across the street. We particulary enjoyed the getting our breakfast at a Korean restaurant run by a very nice couple that was half a block on 9th street towards Market Street. The Rodeway Inn was convenient to Market Street, BART, MUNI (the bus line) and the Civic Center. We found the location to be a good base for a vacation in San Francisco.	
Mar 11 2008 	Run away from it...	This hotel smells urine. The elevator seems to be a trash box. If you do not have any place to go, stay in your car.If you stay in your car you will save 100 bucks and will sleep well.The manager is an indian. He is very polite but the hotel does not help his service.Try to find another or go to a Motel 6.	
Feb 6 2008 	What a DUMP!!!!	Wow. What can I really say about this 'hotel' except I've been more comfortable camping in a tent-- and safer as well. The manager--an Indian individual-- was about as accomodating as a kick to the backside. When he discovered we had three individuals staying in the room (two queen beds) he proceeded to kick us out of the hotel, which should have been our first sign to leave. After some persuasion, he let us pay an EXTRA amount to stay the night. That night, our brand new Honda Civic's windows were smashed in and many possessions were stolen, including a Playstation portable with numerous games and DVD's, five-hundred dollars cash, cases of hand-selected wine from Sonoma county--the list goes on and on. We were never instructed that the parking garage was a dangerous area full of vagrants lurking in every corner as soon as the sun goes down. The next morning there were numerous persons sleeping in the parking garage. The room was filthy! The mattress was blood-stained and the bathroom looked as though it had never been cleaned. I definetely could see this hotel offering 'hourly' rates. The service was poor and the accomodations were even worse!!! Do yourself a favor and stay away!	
Oct 10 2007	Affordable clean and GREAT Manager!	We arrived around 11 pm, having no difficulty whatsoever in finding the motel. We were a little leary as to the location we were in, but were immediately reassured by the Manager, Jay, that it was secure and were given a brief lesson on how to conduct ourselves when approached by certain individuals and to remove anything of value from our vehicles. We walked the next day to the Transit Station and obtained information on public transit. We bought 3 day passes and used the public transit from thereon forward. There are buses that stop right in front on the motel. We found Jay (the Manager) to be the most helpful person we had encountered on our trip to that point. He would patiently answer all questions that we had. He even lined up San Francisco Giant tickets for us! We would stay there again, I think mostly because of Jay, but a little adventure and eye opening doesn't hurt either.	
Oct 6 2007 	Good Housekeeping Good Wi-Fi Good Value	This is a cheap but decent place to stay in SF - much better than the Rodeway Inn Civic Center. Some rooms are small although well maintained. Bathrooms are excellent. If you're used to the Hilton, Marriott or even Holiday Inn, you may not be comfortable here. This is an older motel with exterior catwalks. Everything is locked, however, for security as the area dictates. The location is OK although the only bus that stops directly in front of the hotel is 14 Mission. For everything else, you'll need to walk to Market st. All in all, it's an acceptable place to stay if you're looking to economize at a time when the larger hotels are full. The staff here is very nice but the breakfast isn't worth waking up for. It consists of juice, coffee and pre-wrapped little pastries.	
Feb 22 2007	Fantastic value excellent customer service	We booked this hotel online on Expedia for two nights, as we would be flying into San Francisco at the start of our road trip.The hotel couldn't have been easier to drive to from the airport, straight off the freeway and easy to spot. The free car parking was a bonus, though I do suspect that there are more rooms than there are spaces and they might run out at peak times. The same guy was on reception during our entire stay (9-11 Feb 2007 if the owner's reading). He went out of his way to help us in whatever way he could and was very friendly (genuinely, not the fake customer service variety).Our room was large and clean, with very comfortable beds. I was trying to sleep off my jet lag during the day but some workmen at the hotel were playing very loud music at one point, but when I told the receptionist (guy menitoned above,) he immediately made them turn it down and apologised again the next day, asking if I'd managed to get to sleep. Nightime street noise was slightly loud, but that's to be expected due to being in a city centre. Nothing that a cheap pair of ear plugs can't fix.The neighbourhood wasn't the nicest around, but we certainly didn't feel in any danger. The motel is very cheap, and you get what you pay for. You can't expect a fabulous area with rates as low as this place. All in all, a very pleasent, convinient stay, with barely a dent in our holiday budget. We would definitely stay again.	
Feb 3 2007	Loved the hotel - pity about the area!	Coming from the UK on a mammoth road trip, we decided to book our main city stays on-line. This hotel was VERY reasonable and offered free parking - unlike every other hotel in San Francisco it seems!We had no trouble finding the hotel and check-in was very straight forward! Though we were a little concerned at the look of the area!The room was FABULOUS! Really large and spacious and clearly recently renovated. We had a small kitchen area with microwave and fridge that we had not expected and a table with four chairs. This was excellent because we aimed to return to the hotel while it was still light and bought food back as there was no way we wanted to be out and about round there at night!We walked into the city everyday and it was a trek past some dodgy shops and lots of people 'hanging around'. We went to the nearby Burger King one lunch and the security guard had to unlock the toilet for me and then waited until I came out to lock it up again! There is a good convenience store on opposite the hotel and a Walgreens within a short walking distance, which are both great for bringing food back to the hotel. Continental breakfast is just Danish pastries in the small lobby!Don't stay here if you don't like walking or are not willing to drive into the city. But if you are after great value with free parking then go for it!	
Oct 30 2006 	Just remember [-]	Although the Rodeway Inn offers &quot;free parking,&quot; it comes with a price. First of all, the parking lot is easily accessible to the public, open and exposed from all sides and also convenient for thieves to hide and set up shop. On our second night, our car was broken into, along with the cars of two other hotel guests. This hotel is not equipped with security cameras, so it welcomes the wrong crowd. The hotel is located on the corner of a noisy street. The neighborhood is on the sketchy side. If you plan to go out at night, definitely travel in a group or with ninjas. We suggest that you spend a little more money on a hotel that values its guests and their safety.But if you do decide to stay here the number of a great repair shop is [-]	
May 8 2006 	Consistent value at this place!	I have stayed at this place about 5 times now. The one thing I've noticed is that the place is always a consistent value. I have paid from $70-95, at the busiest times in San Francisco. They don't swing their rates like all the other places do. They are a little higher when the city is busy, but they don't double their rates like some of the other places. I paid less than $100 during Pride Parade, Folsom Street, Dore Alley, SEMICON West, and other major conventions. I always call a week or two in advance and they always give me the best rate possible (always beating anything I can find elsewhere). Most important of all is the free parking and free wireless access. I park my car and hop onto the MUNI and don't worry about parking in the city. I recently found out a hotel down the street charges $27/night in addition to the room rent!!!!The place is in good shape, clean and well maintained. The location is quieter than before. I also noticed that Dave at the Front desk always delivers excellent service. The housekeeping staff is very good also.	
Apr 5 2006	A Great Affordable Find In An Expensive Lodging City	We stayed at this location on a September trip to San Francisco when all we needed basically was a bed and shower each night. So, we wanted a place that wouldn't cost us a forturne (hard to find in S.F.).We paid only $79 a night here; a real bargain in this town.The location couldn't have been better for us as we were withing walking distance of the cable cars, BART, etc. We had rented a car, so the free parking was a real nice bonus. We were steps away from some restaurants as well.Room was small, but adequate for our needs. We found things neat and clean and had no problem with the maid service. I don't remember the place being noisy, but perhaps I just didn't notice.If we return to S.F. again, I'd definitely check this location for price again and consider it for a stay.	
Feb 18 2005	Decent when on a budget.	This place is not exciting, actually a little noisy and trying too hard. But great for people like me on a budget. I was able to surf the net because they ahve a hotspot for their guests. I was impressed, not expecting it for a place that's only $70/night. I did my thing and got a decent night's sleep. The noise was a little annoying the first night, but bearable the other two nights. The palce is old, but kept up and kept clean.	
Feb 2 2005	Downtown in any big city can be scary	If you stay in any big city, the downtown area is a little daunting. I would know, I am an independant salesperson and travel to all the major cities in this country and often stay at economy hotels. This place is not all that bad. The rooms were clean, towels clean, elevators and stairs clean, I guess they finished the remodel. It is very noisy, so do bring your earplugs, but the free parking saved me about $20 per day. I would stay here next time.	
Dec 26 2004	Horrifying!!	We stayed at this hotel in October 2004, and it was not only filthy and in a terrible, frightening location, but it was also loud, the towels were stained and threadbare, and the place looked like it was a former crackhouse! The elevators were disgusting and the stairs were even worse--graffiti-bathed walls and dirty, dirty, dirty.	
Dec 10 2004	satisfied....	decent location, friendly staff and neat rooms. what else do you want?	
Dec 8 2004	Would not stay here again	Stayed 1 night in Nov 04. The place was undergoing some repairs and it looked like it needed some. The room was very basic and did not look well maintained. Parking is free and there is the basic free breakfast. Noise from the street very noticeable in the room. If you are a light sleeper, bring ear plugs. Not much you can do about the vibrations, especially from the cable cars. We decided to look at other hotels in the nearby area and found a better room at the Best Western Flamingo 2 blocks away for a lower price.	
Oct 22 2004	Free Parking and great location	I booked this place through choicehotels and was pleasantly surprised. The place is not luxurious, but I only paid $70 for a king room with continental breakfast and free parking. I was able to walk to Moscone Convention Center and the Asian Art Museum. I rate this palce excellent because of the amenities it offers at a great price point. I wouldn't take a honeymoon at this place, but it's great for 2-3 nights to see SF.	
Sep 13 2004	Clean Comfortable Rooms	Clean, comfortable rooms and I walked from there to Union Square and Chinatown. I only paid $79 per night and no extras for parking or local phone calls. This place was perfect. When I come back for a convention at the Moscone I will book here again.	
Sep 3 2004	FREE PARKING - I couldn't believe it	I couldn't believe that they had free parking! I stayed 2 nights, 8/17 and 8/18 and found this place to be a bargain. Clean rooms and friendly staff that helped tremendously with directions and sightseeing. This place was great.	
Mar 18 2004	Just what i expected	..for 67 bucks. I called the aaa number directly and they can give you info on any of the groups properties (comfort inn, days inn, econolodge, and rodeway). We stayed here March 12, 2004 for one night. I had booked it only 5 days before. We just needed a place to rest our heads. The hotel is on 9th and Mission, not a great area, but blocks from great shopping, Chinatown, and cable cars at Union Square. I recommend driving to 5th and Mission and parking (for shopping), only because one wrong turn and you are in the Tenderloin. The hotel has free parking in a tiny lot, but it is better than nothing in San Francisco. The staff was very friendly.	
Sep 5 2003	Great location	great location, little noisy, but walked and rode the bus all around town from this location, bargain rates - $65 per night	
Sep 20 2002	Great Location	I walked from this place to wherever i wanted to go. The rooms are a little small, but clean and affordable. Great service too.	
Sep 8 2008 	C'è di meglio!		
