Sep 6 2009 	Surprisingly nice--much better than we expected	This is now called the CitiGarden, and it's set back from the street behind a huge parking lot and it looks like an office complex--from the outside it doesn't look at all inspiring for a hotel, and in fact it's easy to miss it if you're not looking carefully. I don't think it had a street-side sign. However, when we got in, it's a different story. The photos on their website are correct, but the rooms are much nicer in person. It looks like they are renovating the whole place, by degrees. We stayed in a room which had already been re-done, but there was a whole section of rooms which were being painted &amp; renovated while we were there. I loved the bathroom part of our room--the sink was very stylish, sort of a slab of granite on top of kind of wooden furniture legs. It had a large framed mirror above the sink and nice chrome fixtures and lights above the mirror. It just looked really upscale, and much better than I expected for an airport motel. All the wood in the room was a dark mahogany finish. There was good closet space next to the sink and the shower was good as well. There was a little heater under the window (which we made use of!). The bedroom did have a strange sickly shade of green on one wall. I don't know who thought that was a good idea. Maybe it looked better on the swatch. But overall, the room is nicer than the photo shows.The hotel has a tiny gym as well, but it is tiny, just a few machines and some weights. If you're a fitness fanatic, you'll be disappointed.It was far too cold to brave the pool (when would it EVER be warm enough for that??) which was not heated.The breakfast buffet was pretty disappointing--some cereal, toast, OJ and coffee as far as I remember. But most motels don't even do breakfast anyway, so I guess it's an improvement on that.We didn't try the Chinese buffet restaurant adjacent to it, but we found out afterwards that it's pretty popular. Instead we went up to the main street of South San Francisco, which is very cute, and has lots of restaurants, etc. The location of the hotel is very convenient for the airport, and their free shuttle apparently runs every half an hour (it is a shared shuttle service with some other hotels--we had to look closely at every shuttle for their name).I hope the maids do their job properly, or it will start to go downhill. The beautiful chrome taps were already scratched (they obviously just used scrubby sponges on them, which is a no-no!), two of our lights weren't working (we complained to reception and they sent someone right away) and there were dead bugs trapped in the light fixture above the sink--nobody's fault, this happens, but someone has to notice it and do something about it.Overall, for the price, location, and the place itself, we'd be happy to stay there again. I just hope they keep it nice.	
Aug 11 2009 	GOod once I found it	Has now been renamed the Citigarden - shame nobody toldme! It's in the process of being re-furbished and my room had recently been decorated. A good sized room and only a few minutes from the airport. Asked for wake up call was on time and there was somebody at reception to check out at 5am. Eat in a pizza place in South San Francisco which is worth checking out if you want a change from the chains.	
May 19 2009 	Auto hit and run park and fly	I left my new vehicle parked in a handicap parking space that was under their survalance camera. I asked if that was a good place to park for security and ok for park and fly. I was told that was a good spot. When I returned several days later, late at night to pick up my vehicle and go home, I discovered that my car had been hit from behind. I made a police report and had the hotel clerk advise the owner. I was able to clearly see my car on their survalance camera parked at the agreed upon parking spot. After several days of trying to get management to view the film so I could find the person who damaged my car, i was told nothing was found. I asked for their insurance company's name and was refused that information. Also I was charged twice for the same stay , which I am still trying to resolve. Be aware that the web site charged my credit card and so did the hotel. Stay away form this hotel. You save nothing and in the long run its cost you big time.	
Dec 29 2008	Great hotel for a family on a Budget!	My husband and I with our 3 kids stayed here and found the experience better than expected. It was simple but clean and comfortable. They offer a simple breakfast of cereal and toast with coffee and juice, free parking wich is difficult to find in SF. They have a nice courtyard in the middle of the hotel and what seemed to be a nice pool (it was a way to cold for us to try out!) Our room had a newer digital heater/air conditioner that worked great. This wasn't a 5 star but for a family on a budget it was great. There are a couple of restraunts and fast food near by but it does take a little time to get to the main attractions in the city. Overall it was a great trip and we would stay there again.	
Dec 12 2008 	2star. bad guest relations	Nice rooms, clean and in good shape. Hotel is an older motor inn meaning rooms are entered from outside. A solid two star. i had some issues with the staff. They weresimply rude in some cases. They had old fax nmber on phones and basically called me a liar when I asked them about it.They have breakfast buffet but would shut it down ealry. they actually beczme rude when I came in20 minutes b4 10:00 a.m.. I noticed the staff had piled them plate. in short, io would recomend this place for the price if on a budget, but would opt elsewhere if not the case. Even if it cost ten more dollars	
Dec 2 2008 	Not bad at all for a night	I stayed in the hotel for a single night after one of my flights was canceled. I thought it was fine; comparable perhaps to a Red Roof Inn. Everything was spartan but clean. I got the room for only $50/night (including taxes and fees) on Hotwire, so I'm more than happy with the result.	
Oct 22 2008	DIRTY HOTEL	I booked this hotel through Expedia and one night is about 62 dollars. Before I thought it's a cheap price to stay in but after I lived there for 4 nights I felt the price I paid for was not worth it. The carpet is really old and dirty, and the sink is broken. The most terrible thing was there was a blood stain on my pillow.The only thing I could do is to use my own towel to cover the pillow. I think I won't stay there again. I rather pay higer to get a clean room.	
Oct 21 2008 	Well you do get what you pay for. Won't be staying here again.	I had a mixed reaction with the front desk personnel. An old woman at the desk was quite abrupt and rude. A male receptionist I spoke with was very nice though. I woke up the last day with bed bug bites, so beware of bed bugs. The room was very average. As another reviewer pointed out, the front lobby is gorgeous but very misleading in terms of first impressions. Your room will definitely be plain. My room's door did not even completely fit the door slot, so there was enough room for a cold draft to get in during the night, as well as the noises of cars, people, and airplanes. The glass windows were not the kind you could open. There was a good air conditioning/heating unit underneath the window with the ability to automatically control the temperature to the degree. There was a work desk, two chairs, and a small circular table. Not really much in terms of tv programming; don't expect a LCD tv. They charge for wi-fi service. I did bring my laptop but chose not to use it so I can't really comment on its quality. The shuttle service serves four local motels including Good Nite Inn. It supposedly runs every 30 or so minutes from 4am until past midnight. There were times when the shuttle seemed to take far longer than 30 minutes, so be patient. Other airport shuttles seemed to be much more consistent and come more often, but maybe it was my imagination. It drops off at the international terminal, domestic terminal, and BART (Bay Area Rapid Transport), which is your high-speed rail gateway to downtown San Francisco. I highly recommend BART if staying at an airport-area hotel. The Chinese &quot;Beijing Buffet&quot; on the hotel's site was absolutely disgusting. I was set back a small fortune (including being charged separately for a drink). I had to deal with poor service (I had to wait about 20-30 minutes after I was seated to be served my first drink and then I had to chase down another waiter for a straw). There were pretty much all young people with bad attitudes employed there. I also found a hair amongst some of the chicken I got. I could not finish my dinner and I might as well have flushed the money down the toilet. But there really is not much in terms of restaurants. However, there are other restaurants at the nearby Holiday Inn and Four Points by Sheraton. There also is an IHOP and Wendy's a short walk away, as well as a Food Mart at a gas station. One note: if you choose to go to San Francisco, please remember that BART operates only during select hours (i.e. from about 4am-12am on weekdays, but only 6am-12am on Sat and 8am-12am on Sun). Also, most of the big museums I wanted to visit were closed on Mondays, much to my disappointment (Legion of Honor, De Young, Asian Art Museum). So do your research beforehand carefully as I had pretty much nothing to do on that Monday except go to the Golden Gate Bridge.	
Sep 30 2008 	NOT AS BAD AS I EXPECTED	After reading all the reviews of Good Nite Inn, we were very apprehensive of our stay. But, we could not find another single property for under $100 for our 1 night stay, needing something close to the airport. We were pleasently surprised when we found the room to be clean. Yes, there is paint peeling, water stains, etc. But, the linens were clean and we never saw a bug. The airport shuttle was prompt and courteous. The grounds were freshly kept. We ate at Houlihans next door at the Holiday Inn, and the food was very good, especially the Mini Burgers! We would stay there again if we were in the same situation.	
Sep 23 2008 	Good value for money	I Stayed at the hotel for 1 night at the end of August 2008.Do not expect too much from the hotel, as it is a bit run down and definetily not among the most charming hotels I have ever stayed at. But with that being sayd, I think it is good value for money, when you just need a bed for 1 night close to the airport. The room and the bed was clean, so if that is all you are looking for, I will recommend the Good Nite Inn.	
Aug 22 2008 	Do not stay here - They left us at the airport	They left us stranded at the airport for over an hour. Their shuttle does NOT run every 1/2 hour and we called FOUR times asking where it was. Each time a new answer of oh it will be there in 5 minutes. After more than an hour we took a cab. The staff was rude to us when we returned and told us no one had called - a blatant lie and would not reimburse us.This all goes without saying that the room was gross and it's worth 10 more dollars to stay where the people are nice and the room is clean.	
Jul 22 2008 	Good for 1 night	I used hotwire $50/night to stay here. Didn't had a choice since Priceline hotels were booked up that Thursday night. I figure I can rough it out for one night after reading the bad reviews.The lobby is beautiful, like an old hunting lodge, but that's where the luxury stops. This motor inn looks like it was built in the 1970's and refurbished once. The carpets in the room is well worn after 10+ years of usage, not even steam cleaning would get rid of, so keep your shoes on. The beds are probably 15+ years old, all flat spring, not coil mattress. Mine wasn't hard, it was too soft, only the middle of the queen size bed was comfortable enough to sleep on. Internet is $10/day, and the poor quality business center also charges which had a dead broken printer.Free breakfast consisted of just toast, PB &amp; J, cherios or frosted flakes cereal, milk, OJ, coffee. No fruits, eggs, or anything else.The shuttle bus. It's on a 4 hotel sharing route. Pray that you don't get the Chinese guy with the bald top, he's a jerk. He could have dropped me off first on the route, but to save 1 minute, I was dropped off last, which made me wait 15 minutes... His excuse? Customers from other bigger hotels are complaining that they wait too long.Bottomline: Stay here only if you don't have any choice and for 1 night. I wouldn't pay more than $30/night.	
May 20 2008 	Bed - Hard as a rock	Bed as hard as a rock - pillow very lumpy. Bus driver couldn't take me to airport - his bus was reserved for a tour group. I had to have the desk clerk call for another bus for me. The IHOP restaurant listed across the street was about a block away. Not a very pleasant experience.	
Apr 20 2008	Cheap room	The hotel was close to the airport, we were able to park our car for a week for a decent price; but the hotel wasn't good. The bed was hard, the pillows were very thin and there wasn't coffee in the room. We didn't sleep very well. We had to walk all the way from the back of the hotel to the lobby for our coffee. The shuttle was late and the hotel never answered our phone calls. We'll stay somewhere else next time.	
Mar 26 2008 	dont stay there	ok seen the samples and dont agree!!!!!!! the hotel is [--]. had problems after booking over the internet and the staff were in no way inclined to try and help to sort the problem out!!!! ended up walking to find a new hotel....	
Mar 21 2008 	What do you expect for $60!	This hotel is exaclty what I expected for $60.Pros: Convenient, close to the airport and highway; decent neighborhood; business center; ample parkingCons: Dirty; moldy; loud; outside access; huge drafty gap under door; shady characters all aboutWhen we got to the room we found small half eaten peppers next to the ice bucket. None of the ice machines worked. Mold and peeling paint in the bathroom. Four guys were drinking and smoking weed outside in the parking lot. Good for a guys night out, bad for a family vacation!See Photos	
Jan 26 2008 	OK for a few hours	We booked this hotel on Expedia because we only needed a bed for a few hours and the cost was under $50. We landed at SFO at 9:30 PM, the shuttle was late and it was 11 PM before we got to the Good Nite. After checking in and walking all the way to the back of the courtyard, our key didn't work. So, It was back to the desk for a new one. This one worked and we found the room to be cleaner then expected. Actually quite acceptable. The furniture, however, looked like it had been picked up at a trailor court yard sale. We ran across the street to the IHOP, had a quick meal and got to bed about midnite. We were up again at 4 AM to catch the shuttle for our 6:10 flight. This one was right on time and we were at the airport with time to spare.I wouldn't pick this hotel for an extended stay, but for a short night it worked well.	
Jan 19 2008	Gross	We booked this hotel on the last night of a 5 day vacation because it was cheap and very close to SFO for our 6 AM flight. I was in the room about 10 minutes before I started crying. The door opens to the parking lot, which made me nervous. The room was dingy, heavily worn, which I could live with, but the mysterious residue on the headboard and walls was too much. The desk staff was helpful when we told them we would rather have a refund and leave. They told us we needed to call Expedia, and cooperated with us and Expedia throughout the refund process. Spend a bit more money and stay at the variety of nicer hotels in the SFO area.	
Jan 9 2008 	Bad customer service	I purchased a room at the Good Nite Inn SFO through Expedia for $60. We had an overnight layover in San Francisco on a Friday night before we were to catch our next flight out Saturday afternoon.We never did make it to this hotel. Our flight from out of the country into San Francisco was delayed, and delayed, and delayed once again. Everytime I thought we were going to leave, a new problem would come up. We were supposed to arrive in SFO 10:30pm Friday night, and never made it to SFO until 6:30am Saturday. While still out of the country, I realized that we were never going to make it to the hotel. I was unable to get through to Expedia, and was finally able to get through to both Expedia and Good Nite Inn once we returned to the U.S. Since we had alread paid for the room in advance, I requested a refund due to circumstances that were beyond our control. Good Nite Inn refused to refund our money. They claimed we had to get the refund from Expedia. Expedia reported they could not refund our money without the clearance from Good Nite Inn. Again, Good Nite Inn refused. I felt this was bad customer service on the part of Good Nite Inn. Because of this, I would not stay in their hotel if given the opportunity, nor can I recommend the hotel.I must comment though, that in the end, I did get the credit through Expedia, whose customer service proved to be better than the Good Nite Inn.	
Nov 22 2007 	Sleep with the Rats at Goodnite Inn San Francisco	Filthy rooms, property. Trash bins overflowing. Moldy ceiling. Crumbling pavements. See photos at [--]. My daughter was afraid to take a shower for the shoddieness of the place.	
Oct 2 2007 	Where to begin....	First do not rely on your GPS to get you here. It will get you to the street but then send you the wrong way once you are off the highway. The receptionist did walk me through the directions and got me to the place finally. Then we got our key card and it didn't work. They wanted us to come all the way back up to the lobby to get a replacement. We were staying up stairs and in the back. I was traveling with my mom and daughter so there was no way I was leaving them outside by themselves to watch the luggage while I went up front. We had to call back to finally get someone to come to us. Did I mention it was freezing?!! Also, I completely agree with the other reviewer who mentioned how well the lobby was decorated. You would think you are staying at a 4 star resort. Then you go to your room! It was outdated which doesn't matter to me. But, the shower pressure was ridicules and it had mold in a few spots. The beds were not comfy but not horrible. However, we needed more towels and they promptly brought them to us. The staff tries very hard to accommodate as best they can with what they have to work with. But don't expect a good breakfast. The pitchers that were holding the juice looked gross and all they have is Cheerios and Fruit Loops. My daughter was in heaven. I was disgusted. Go to the IHOP across the street to have breakfast. It was wonderful and the staff was so pleasant. The hotel was OK for a budget but just do not expect much.	
Sep 15 2007 	A GOOD PLACE TO STAY OVER NIGHT	I drove up from San Diego to see a Giants game. I did not want to spend a lot of money just for one night. I did research and gave this place a chance.Room: it was small but clean and it had the basics. One touch from the the past it had the shower massager attachment haha. The TV was adequate. The most important thing was that the room was clean.Grounds: Well kept and landscaped.Lobby: Gives you false impression how nice your room is going to be. It is really nice, Queen Anne chairs and a fireplace. The room is ok as mentioned before, though.Breakfast: Toast, cereal, and juice. Does not sound like much but everything was fresh and they had jelly and butter. Also, the juice was good (orange and apple), not watered down. So for free and the fact that the breakfast area was a nice relaxing place to sit, made it ok and nothing to complain about for free. Yes, other hotels have way better breakfasts but for an over night stay, I was happy.Pool, internet, and gym: I did not use any of these but they all looked clean and adequate for their use.Overall, the front desk was extremely helpful, they even helped us take the best way to the Giants stadium by train. It was awesome. The front desk lady was very polite. Recommend this for an over night stay or a couple of days. A vacation, I don't know but the price I paid was $55.	
Sep 15 2007	Real bargain	We had to look for a bargain overnight stay near SFO due to the weekend closure of the Bay Bridge and our early morning flight to Puerto Vallarta. We found this place online and booked the &quot;park and jet&quot; package on September 1 - one night stay and 7 day parking for $99.38 ($60 plus tax for hotel stay only.) A real bargain, since parking alone goes for over $10 a day at most lots near the airport. We expected spartan accommodations but were surprised by the size and cleanliness of our room (there was noise at night from people coming and going but it was not that bad.) I brought my laptop and our room's internet did not work but they have 2 PCs for complimentary use at the cozy lobby so that worked out OK. Coffee was always available at the lobby and they served breakfast from 6:30 AM. What we liked was the free shuttle to the airport every 20 minutes from 4AM to midnight. If you don't want to feast on Chinese dinner buffet ($16?) at the restaurant, you can walk to an IHOP or McDonalds near the adjacent Holiday Inn or drive to the Tanforan Mall on El Camino Real. Since South San Francisco is frequently cold and foggy we did not dip in the pool. Overall, the place is cheap, clean and convenient. We will definitely book here again for future early flights or overseas travel.	
Sep 6 2007	Not a good night at the Good Nite Inn	Having read the reviews of others, I wasn't expecting much from this hotel. The room was fairly clean, but there was mold in the shower. There was a huge gap under the door to let in a draft as well as noises from people going back and forth outside at all hours. Only one ice machine worked, and the restaurant in the hotel made the lobby smell like fish. The hotel was relatively inexpensive for one night, but I wouldn't have wanted to stay any longer than that.	
Sep 3 2007 	Good Value- clean well-kept	Good place for the price. It was a former Ramada and has at least as good of quality. Very clean and well-kept.	
Aug 24 2007 	Place to crash- Stay away from breakfast!	This hotel is just a place to sleep and fly!Pros:Clean roomCheap rateClose to airportCons:Breakfast is disgusting! Not just the food (a loaf of bread, toaster, OJ, and coffee), but the actual cleanliness. There was actually a jar of peanut butter sitting out with a plastic knife in it. Random people were dipping out of it- yuck. Everything was sticky and the juice was luke-warm. Wait and get breakfast at the airport! It was over-crowded as well....we had to sit at a piano to eat...literally!The shower head was extremely too low. I'm 5'4 and it was way too low, so that was really strange! The pillows were pitiful- as flat as pancakes.BUT, as I said, this is a place to crash and leave.	
Aug 21 2007 	Good Value For The Price	The staff was friendly and cooperative, and the room was clean. They were able to accommodate our needs, although there was some problems getting access to the internet (it is not plug-and-play). However, there were two computers available for use in the lobby, and the Wi-Fi worked their with proper configuration. The free continental breakfast was good, and well stocked, consisting of the standard variety, cereal, juice, coffee and toast. About 20 minutes outside the city but easily accessed by car or BART train for a nominal cost. Would stay here again.	
Aug 1 2007 	Eh!!!!	This is a VERY budget hotel but pretty lobby. No baggage help. Front desk is extremely incompitent and try to fill out the rooms on the far side first so make certain to request a room near the lobby. All rooms are same sizzed no matter where you are (or king vs. two queens). Bathrooms are large but amenities are lacking. The floors are filthy and your feet turn BLACK with soot on carpets (needs renovations). If you like walking barefoot in your room, do not stay here (get flip flops if you must).All in all, it is not bad and it is easy to find off the 101 Freeway and S. Airport Blvd. If you get a deal that you cannot turn down, I suppose stay here...if not, avoid this place like the plaque. We went to eat at Houlihan's at the Holiday Inn next door and it was like walking into a Ritz Carlton compared to this semi-dump.	
Jul 17 2007 	Good Nite Inn is OK	It is good for value. Do not expect much but when considering price it has a good value. You will get what you have paid. Acceptable clean room and comfort(ie aircondition) Good location for SFO and there is also free shuttle Good for fly and drive. Poor breakfast but it is free, you do not have to eat it.Free parking is an other advantage.	
Jul 6 2007 	In one Word Horrid!	Customer service was lousy. Told callers that checked in guest was not there, turned away deliveries. And the desk agents laughed that we were upset.	
Jun 28 2007 	Hotel okay customer service miserable	The hotel was adequate. We stayed there because we could park and fly out on our vacation, leaving our van there.The problems started when my husband accidentally left my bag on the shuttle to the airport. We didn't realize it was left behind until we got our bags in Mexico. So I started calling the hotel (at a dollar a minute) to find out where my bag was, so we could at least pick it up on our way back home.Well, nobody seemed to have any idea where the bag was. Everyone agreed to try to find it, but no one did anything. No matter how many times I called, anyone I spoke to randomly looked around for the bag (though I clearly told them that it had been left on the SHUTTLE), told me they couldn't find it, and said they would try to find it later. One woman even promised to email me, but never did so.When we got back to Los Angeles, I immediately called again and asked about it. No, no one had any idea where it was, or seemed to be capable of looking for it. The lady finally explained that the shuttle was run by a separate company, not the hotel, and she didn't know if they had it or not. No one could help me.When we got on the shuttle to the hotel ourselves, I FINALLY got a number from the driver himself, to reach the shuttle company. The next day after repeatedly calling them, they confirmed that they did, indeed, have my bag in their lost-and-found. (How come nobody else was able to call this number for me a week earlier?) He promised to get it to the hotel.So, eventually when I reached someone at the hotel, they confirmed that it was there (wonderful!). But no, they wouldn't pay to send it to me. I was going to have to pay the shipping to get back the bag that I COULD have picked up easily if only someone had made one simple phone call to the shuttle company!So hey, if you stay there, you'll probably find the hotel is clean and comfortable. Just don't depend on getting any kind of service from anyone at the front desk.	
Jun 13 2007 	far from Good Nite Inn	This place is a joke. First, they only had us booked for 1 night, when I had the reservation in my hand that showed 2 nights- PRE-PAID no less!! And they tried to tell me they had no vacancies for the second night. When they finally found us a room (20 minutes later) it was a room whose toilet DID NOT work. We made a complaint at 8am and returned to our room at 8pm and it still was not fixed, they sent their maintenence guy to our room at 9pm to work on our toilet and was told they could not move our room because it was already cleaned and we &quot;messed up&quot; the bed. All this as well as no sleep either of the 2 nights, this is a drug dealers hang out!! ....................vacationers BEWARE!!!	
Jun 8 2007 	Does what it says on the tin	I had a late flight into SFO and an early flight out the next day and was looking for a cheap hotel close to the airport. Expedia threw up this hotel and it delivered exactly as it promised.It's easy to find from SFO if you're driving but there's a complementary shuttle which picks up every half hour from the airport. The transfer only takes a few minutes. It's quite a large complex and if you get a far room and have a lot of luggage, the walk can become quite a hike I think. Check-in was efficient and unfortuantely, I just missed the Chinese buffet restaurant within the hotel.The room was clean and was competently decorated. The only downside was the thinness of the pillows - ended up sleeping on all of them to get comfortable.A nice bonus for a hotel of this price was complimentary use of a computer which was handy for checking in for my flight on-line. I wasn't able to partake of their other services - complementary continental breakfast and outdoor swimming pool.Check-out was efficient and the shuttle delivered me back to the airport for my flight. Good value for the price.	
Jun 5 2007 	decent inexpensive location for trips to SF	If you have a car, this is a decent hotel to stay in and drive into the city from. It's not much of a vacation location by itself, but compared to the price of hotels in SF, it's decent and in a close enough location (10-15 minutes on the freeway). It's a former Ramada and has a pool and breakfast (cereal, toast, peanut butter and jelly). The rooms aren't highly impressive, but it's a decent and clean enough place to sleep for the night after spending a day in SF. We stayed in an interior room facing the garden area, it was a pretty nice view. We've stayed in SF many times, and we never spend much time in our hotel room, so it didn't make much of a difference to us when we had to drive a little further to get here.	
May 5 2007 	Very convenient accomodation!	This room is very handy if you need to be near the airport. The beds are very comfortable, bathroom is big enough and it is quiet. There is a pool but we didn't use it because it was still chilly outside and there is a free continental breakfast and free internet. They have a free shuttle from the airport but it stops at midnight. I would definitely stay there again!	
Apr 10 2007	Good cheap 	This is the best bargain near the airport. It's a 2 story hotel and the rooms are clean. Even though it's a mile from the airport, you didn't get the airport traffic noise. They offer a continental breakfast of cereals, toast, OJ &amp; hot beverages. They have an airport shuttle that leaves every 1/2 hr. and it's only shared with one other hotel. A big bonus since many of the other hotels share their shuttles with 4+ hotels so you spend alot of time driving around. Paid about $60 a night with all the taxes.	
Mar 2 2007 	Great deal for park and fly	We also booked this hotel through a park and fly website. Overall, the price couldn't be beat for an overnight stay and 14 days of free parking. The shuttle was prompt both coming and going, the rooms are no frills (if you want to feel safer, reserve a room in the interior corridor), breakfast was ok. But seriously, why pay more for another hotel when all you really want to do is get ready for an exciting vacation somwhere else.I would definitely recommend this hotel if you are looking for a park and fly hotel.	
Nov 7 2006 	Good value for a park 	I booked this hotel through a park &amp; fly site and was very pleased with the experience. The room was &quot;no frills&quot; but clean and comfortable. The breakfast was not fancy but got us throught the morning and the shuttle was prompt, coming and going. The over all price was comparable to what I would have paid for long term parking. I would rate it an excellent value for the rate charged and will stay here again on our next trip.	
Oct 23 2006 	Fine for one night	We stayed here for 1 night (6 October) and paid around $50 for a room with a king size bed. As we were arriving at 11pm from the UK and driving to Yosemite the next morning, all we wanted was a decent but inexpensive place near the airport to catch some zzzz's. Good Nite Inn was absolutely fine for this purpose. However, we could hear the planes and our neighbour's shower pipes at 5.30am (we were awake due to jet lag! ) so I probably wouldn't recommend it for more than 1 night unless you don't mind a bit of noise. Our room was large and in good condition and had a powerful shower. Breakfast, which consisted of toast, cereal and coffee, was laid out on a table in the pleasant lobby area and eaten sitting in comfy armchairs. Top tip : request a room overlooking the landscaped courtyard rather than the parking lot.	
Aug 21 2006 	Totally UNHAPPY	Two nights were reserved through hotels.com for this hotel, for Friday and Saturday night.VERY UNHAPPY BUT HERE IS MY REVIEW:I arrived at the hotel at Friday, about 8:30 p.m. (plus or minus 10 minutes). They told my party and I to sit down for a while. After about 15 to 20 minutes of waiting... People coming and going... Which I did not understand. I went up to ask the two ladies up front AGAIN and said, &quot;What is going on?&quot; And I was finally told, which they DID NOT tell me honestly in the first place, that their computers were down and they could not process my reservation YET! Since my party and I was not aware of that, we were pretty pissed off... We had two more persons waiting in the car. I demanded that they give me two rooms right away or a refund. I had a schedule to go by and a place I had to be at and if they can't do that for me then they better tell me something better...&quot; the Manager was there but all they could assure me was that... they were trying their best. Of course I can understand that this kind of problem could happen. What I didn't understand was, what kind of hotel is this when they don't even have a backup plan. I'm not doubting that this cannot happen again... They explained to me because the computers were down, the cards they gave us were useless. I waited about 10 more minutes or so for the this guy to come and open both of the hotel rooms I reserved and he open them with keys.... I was told by the ladies up front that maybe within 30 minutes to an hour that this would be fixed... When we were all inside, on of the hotel room had no hot water.... how were we all suppose to get ready in time.... and really there was no time for us because of the waiting down in the lobby. We had no keys, no hot water.... Because of this big problem my party and I were late to the banquet we all had to attend and was not abel to enter. Anyone in our situation of course would be totally pissed off.... AND WE WERE... When we got back to the hotel... we had to go back to the front and was told that it was not working yet... but the hot water was. So here we go again, walking back to the our hotel rooms waiting for someone to open the door AGAIN!... Can you imagine how irritating that was... anyone would...! The next morning... I wanted to get some batteries and I got them but my credit card got stuck in the machine... When I went and told the lady up front in the lobby... it seemed as thought she did not understand a word I said... after explaining about four times... she understood... I did get may card back... but I thought a whole weekend full of problems... and all of them was with this hotel... We finally got the cards to work by saturday night... and when we needed some more tissues in the bath room for both rooms... it took them 30 minutes and two calls just to give it to us... Overall stay was just okay but above all else... it was horrible, of course we all felt like we should get out money back or at least half of it to be fair... I hope that I never come back to this hotel. It was nothing I imagined it to be....... And to rate this hotel from 1 to 5 stars... I'd say one star... I hope that no one ever goes through this... and that would save you so much disappointments...	
Jul 13 2006	very mixed bag		
Jun 28 2006	SUCKS!		
Jun 8 2006	Charged different rate with that from Website		
May 21 2006	Good value		
Mar 23 2006	No Home Away From Home!		
Feb 5 2006	Getting a facelift?		
Aug 3 2005	You get what you pay for (or maybe less)		
Jul 28 2005	Ideal situation for BART station and SF		
Jun 14 2005	No Sleep at SF Airport Good Nite Inn		
Sep 22 2004	Don't Stay Long		
Sep 21 2009 	Va bene per una notte		
Jul 1 2009 	Geräumiges Bad		
Dec 22 2008 	Pratique près de l'aéroport		
Oct 8 2008 	Alptraum		
Sep 4 2008 	muy sucio		
Aug 25 2008 	Pratique et très propre		
Aug 21 2008 	bon camp de base à SF		
Aug 14 2007 	ideal pour une nuit près de l'aéroport		
