Oct 25 2009 	Don't do it. Keep Distance from this hotel	This hotel is horrible. Filthy floor. Breakfast does not exist. the receptionist was rude.And when we thought things could not get worse, our car was broken into by a thief.We had a great loss and no assistance from the hotel. The receptionist just kept saying that they had no responsibility for the parked cars.No one apologized or offered any compensation for what happened.We lost almost the whole day solving the problem..We were not even warned about the burglary of the car. Almost 10% of our vacation was lost because the parking lot does not have a simple camera. Take a look about crimes in San Francisco? Why they don't have cameras?	
Aug 5 2009 	Not a pleasant place to come to at day's end	We discovered Trip Advisor after choosing this hotel from a guide book. The motel is run down with old mattresses stuck in the back corridors. Dark, gloomy and shoddy. It has location going for it but there are much better choices in the area.	
Jul 28 2009 	House of Horrors	Room smelled. Dirty. Blood on bedspread. Free breakfast consisted of coffee &amp; donut. Balcony was paper thin in some places- thought I was going to fall through. Avoid this place at ALL costs	
Jul 22 2009 	Great Location Tired Property	This property was in a great location and it had free parking. It was clean and the staff was friendly and helpful. We left our car (it was safe) there during our four day stay and walked to all the great sites. The bus was close to take us to the Golden Gate Bridge. There were several great restaurants just three blocks away from the Warf. The towels were thin and rough, being on a busy street made for a noisy stay. Upon our return, we will stay here again and would recommend this motel to you if you are looking for a good location to the Fishermans Warf. We will bring our own towels next time.We selected this property for its location, great price, free parking.	
Jul 2 2009 	America's worst inn	The staff were very unhelpful and most didn't have a good grasp of English. We stayed for three nights and the second night the room wasn't cleaned, and on the day it was 'cleaned' the used polystyrene coffee cups were placed back on the coffee maker upside down complete with coffee stains. The room was filthy around the edges and under the bed. We had acquired the room at a reasonable rate and didn't expect luxuries but we did expect a clean room. However, the location was good and it had free parking and a lift. The wireless internet was useless and 'continental breakfast' was a coffee and a muffin/doughnut. Other guests were very noisy late at night/early morning. We complained again on checking out but were told by the receptionist there was nothing she could do. The person behind us in the queue to check out agreed how awful it was. I wouldn't say there again. Having spent a month in the States staying in various hotels and motels this was certainly the worst we encountered.	
Jun 11 2009 	Great Bargain and Great Location	I had read the reviews prior to staying at this hotel and I was pleasantly surprised during our stay. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms were nothing fancy, but very clean (no over-powering smells). I felt completely comfortable. Other hotels cost 2-3 times as much or more. This one offered free parking which elsewhere cost $25-$45 a night. The parking is cramped and if you must double park you have to leave your keys with the front. desk. It worked out better than expected and they never had to move our car. Breakfast was delicious muffins and doughnuts along with coffee. They did not offer plates or much of an area to eat. They request you gather your food and take it back to your room. The location is superb. It is within walking distance to Fishermans Wharf and &quot;The Crookedest Street&quot;. There is a grocery store and Starbucks not too far away as well. There is some street noise at night, but your in the middle of an active city. It wasn't too bad.	
May 22 2009 	The carpet was soaked in urine	We booked their &quot;family&quot; suite which essentially consists of two double beds and a sofa. It had a microwave but was disgusting inside. By the time we unloaded everything, all three of our children who can rough it with the best of em looked me straight in the eye and told me they would rather sleep cramped in the car then stay in the room. The room smelled so badly of urine it burned our eyes. When we picked luggage off of the floor it was wet and smelled. When we told the attendant downstairs about the smell, he said he would give us an air freshener. REALLY? My husband insisted he move us but neither of the two other rooms would adequately hold all 5 of us. We checked them out and one of them happened to be up above the original room and the smell of urine was coming through the vents. The third one was one double bed - no way were my children sleeping on the floor when I wasnt confident they were clean. the bed spread in the last one had a large hole in the comforter the size of a dinner plate. We insisted on getting our money back and drove around for over an hour and half trying to find another place. We finally gave up and was headed further up north toward home and stopped in Marin county and stayed at a really really nice place that was truly a suite for only $20 more a night. Our kids were thrilled. We weren't in the heart of San Fran but our stay was 1000% better than it would have been if we had stayed at this hotel. No thank you!	
Sep 24 2008 	Not recommended	I felt I needed to post this review to warn others that this motel is not very clean( among other things) especially room 215. I stayed one night in 215. I awoke in the morning to see ROACHES crawling out of the vents in the microwave, they were also on the wall. I don't even want to think about where else they were crawling while I was asleep. This is just one thing. When I arrived, having reserved 2 roooms 4 months prior, the girl at the front desk had knowledge of only one room being held. I had reserved 2 rooms for 4 days and had luckly made arrangements for rooms next to each other for the 2nd day as my mother and I were at opposite ends of the motel. I was able the get out of the roach room.. Number 215 also had a door key system that did not work, locked me out of the room every time I closed the door, I had to go to the front desk 3 times to have them reprogram my key. The room was so dark I could hardly see in the bathroom. The toilet overflowed, which must happpen frequently as there was a plunged next to the toilet. The shower leaked onto the floor and flooded out the bathroom, I had to used all the towels to clean the floor. The girl at the front desk during the day could absolutely care less about customer service, even when told of the roaches in the room. There is a very nice and helpful man at the desk in the evening the only good thing about the motel. I left a note at the front desk regarding all of the above but have no way of knowing if anyone ever saw it or even cared.	
Sep 2 2008 	Rude A-Hole wouldn't honour my reservation (booked 2 months ahead)	I arrived on a Thursday night for a 4 night stay. I had reserved a room 2 months in advance.When I arrived the rude a-hole at the desk first tried to tell me that I wasn't even in the system. Then once I showed him the print out that confirmed the reservation, he said that he had no rooms.I asked him what the point of giving him my credit card info and reserving ahead of time was, and he said that I had cancelled my reservation before by telephone.When I told him that I had not cancelled by telephone, he said that I had cancelled by internet. When I asked him why I never received an email confirmation of the cancellation, he told me that it didn't matter. I had cancelled by either telephone or email or something and that another hotel of his down the street would honour my reservation and rates. Then he told me to leave.I went down the street to the other hotel, and the gentleman there said that he didn't even know what I was talking about and that he would not honour my reservation and that he wanted $160 + tax in CASH, with 4 nights upfront. My reserved rate at the original hotel was $115 + tax so I was a little upset.He showed me the room he had and it smelled badly of puke. I told him that there was no way I was paying $160 + tax in cash for a room that smelled like puke. He then said $140 + tax / night in Cash. I told him to [--] and left.I ended up crashing on the floor of my buddies' room for that night.Magically the next day, the original hotel found me a room with 1 King Size instead of 2 Queens. I begrudgingly took it, but make no mistake, these guys are a-holes with no integrity. They will not honour your reservation, no matter how far ahead you book it, if they get a better offer.BEWARE!!!Other than that, the King Size room I got was fine for the price. It would have been even better if I didn't have to deal with a rude [--] at the counter and didn't have to sleep on the floor after spending hours looking for a room the night before.The girl who set me up with a room on the second day seemed nice enough though, but she still wasn't much help.	
Jul 18 2008 	Hidden Gem	Who knew such an inexpensive quaint little motel would be tucked blocks from Fisherman's Wharf? What we got for $70 a night: clean comfortable bed (better than some high-priced hotels), bus stops on the corner, free off-street parking, free wireless Internet, microwave and refrigerator. Staff was friendly and helpful. An adequate continental breakfast of pastries and fruit was enough to get you going. I would have preferred a coffee maker in the room instead of in the lobby. Even though it is only 3 stories, there was a working elevator. As we were checking out, my husband pointed out that we had a view of the Golden Gate Bridge. I thought he was joking, but a section was visible from the 3rd floor balcony! We had not seen it before because of the ever-present fog.I highly recommend this motel. We stayed 4 nights here for what one night would cost at Fisherman's Wharf.	
Dec 24 2007	Brilliant location	Ok hotel in a fantastic location. Great place to stay and use as a base for exploring San Francisco. the hotel was clean and comfortable but nothing fancy. Good value but basic.	
Aug 5 2007 	great location	Room was clean and tidy with good furnishing but not large. Parking is cramped so you leave the keys at reception so they can move your can if necessary, this was fine. The best thing is the location and price. We strolled down lombard street (curly bit) and onto pier 39 and it took about 20 mins of walking. The breakfast is coffee/tea and doughnut/muffin, fine for a quick bite and morning drink before heading off.	
Aug 2 2007	Thanks to Mona	We were going there for my son's wedding and had a car so the free parking was great. The location was equally great and Mona, the desk clerk, was who my boyfriend talked to on the phone initally, was great. She was helpful with directions, local transportation and maps to help us with our first time in San Francisco. The room was sufficient with a refrigerator and microwave, which we never used as we were close to great resturants. We'd go there again as the price was very affordable.	
Jul 23 2007 	Nice location	Ok hotel, excellent location, great price... enjoyed my stay here. Only a 7 minute walk to Fisherman's wharf, and a very nice staff. Nice rooms with lots of cable channels... Only bad thing was that the light switches would not work upon returning from the day. Called up front, they sent a man to fix it within minutes, but never got them working. At least the lamps worked! But other than that it was a pleasant stay and very convenient (we never had to take the car out!)	
Oct 2 2005	Worst Service Ever	Hotel has a good location, nice sized rooms, well maintained, clean, free parking. The owners have obviously invested a lot in the hotel (considerating its location). So, why after all that, would you hire the worst desk clerks ever? Upon check in, the first clerk initially refused to give me two (plastic keycard-type) keys to the room. When I persisted (repeatedly and emphatically), he finally gave me two keys.The night desk clerk was the worst, though. I wanted to get rid of some coins I'd accumulated, so I asked for dollars instead. He would only do this for ONE dollar. He said rudely, &quot;I don't need any more change.&quot; I asked if he would do it as a customer service, even if he didn't need the change. He rudely just said, &quot;No.&quot;The same night desk clerk refused to give me extra towels. Absolutely unbelievable.When I asked to speak with the manager to try to get more towels, the rude clerk said the manager wasn't there. When I asked him to call the manager (who was probably living on the property, as many hotel managers do), he said he didn't have the phone number.Needless to say, I wouldn't stay there again. Any hotel that would tolerate its customers being treated that way doesn't deserve my business.	
Sep 7 2005	I would definitely NOT stay here again!	I would definitely NOT stay here again. The walls were paper thin, the beds very uncomfortable, the bathroom smelled like urine, the coffee maker was dirty, the room was very cramped, and the décor very dreary and dated. On top of all that, it was not inexpensive at $134 a night for Labor Day weekend 2005. The only plus was the location close to the Wharf and free parking.	
Mar 19 2005	Not Bad	We spent 2 nights here in mid- March. Not as bad as the reviews had me expecting. The rooms are basic but fairly clean. Motel staff were very helpful; quickly providing additional pillows and a missing chair from my room(??) . Very good coffee in the motel lobby in the morning.  I would likely find a hotel more on the outskirts of the city next time.....and then use public transportation rather than renting a car. Parking is just impossible in San Francisco! Weekly or daily passes for the public systems are very affordable.	
Feb 24 2005	Great Value	I'm writing this review from the Best Inn Hotelon the corner of Chestnut &amp; Van Ness here in San Francisco. After reading the reviews from websites I was skeptical about coming here. On average, this hotel had only been rated at about a 60% recommendation rate. It's obviously not the Hilton or the Fairmont, but if you are looking for a place to stay for a great price, this place is for you. Our room (on the 2nd level) is completely renovated, has Free High-Speed Internet, a new 27&quot; TV, new furniture, and is extremely clean. The rooms are all equipped with an ironing board and hair dryer, soaps and shampoos, we got a free breakfast, and FREE parking with in and out privileges. The parking lot is really crammed, so there is double parking. Just to be safe, you want to make sure that you check in early in the daytime (before 4pm) to ensure you get a parking spot. The staff was friendly, and they gladly accepted the coupon (that we got in a Travel booklet from Denny’s) that have us the room for $49- No hesitations. We walked to Fisherman’s Wharf in 10 minutes, and we were at Pier 39 in 15 mins, can’t ask for a better location. My only caution is to those who are light sleepers. There is a lot of traffic on the street, and since the hotel is shaped like a U, the noise gets trapped in easily. I requested a wake up call, turned the clock radio on an easy listening radio station and slept like a log. It looks rough from the outside, but it’s worth a shot. In fact, the staff encouraged us to look at the room before we booked it. I will return to this hotel for sure.	
Nov 6 2004	horrible avoid at all costs	The room, especially the bathroom was filthy. The service was terrible, we had no light in the bathroom and was told we had to wait until the next day for someone to look at it. The toilet backed up. There were bums picking through garbage in the parking lot. I had cigerette burn holes in my sheet. It was VERY loud due to traffic. They missed giving us our wakeup call by one hour. I could go on and on. Best to avoid this hotel at all costs, the savings aren't worth it.	
May 27 2004	Good bargain	It's a bargain for $65 weekday night plus tax for single bed room. Surcharge $20 for weekend. Popular with European tourists. Motor inn layout, 3 storeys, elevator, free parking. Excellent location: 10min brisk walk to Ghirardelli Square, 15min to Fisherman's Wharf. Helpful front desk staff. Provides soap, shampoo, lotion, coffee maker, hairdryer, iron and board, microwave, refrigerator, room clock, air-conditioning, coffee and tea whole day at lobby, free muffins and danish for breakfast. Only problem was the traffic noise: it is on Van Ness Ave, next to traffic lights - the starting and stopping of vehicles (especially buses) create a lot of noise. Light sleepers beware! Ask for rooms at the rear. 	
Sep 20 2009 	Buon rapporto qualità prezzo e buona posizione		
May 31 2009 	Klasse Lage - Kleine Zimmer		
