	Great location views and two rooms for the price of one!	We had the family suite with two double beds and a separate room with a queen. Spacious with nice views of Coit Tower, the Embarcadero and the bay. We were in the front, so you had to settle into the street noise but the views were worth it. One block off cable car route and a few blocks to Fisherman's Wharf. We loved the location. We would definately stay here again and you can't beat the free parking!	
Nov 17 2009 	great location/free parking/very clean/great view from third floor corner room	Stayed at this hotel for several days in november with wife,2 teenage daughters and a 9 yo daughter.we had the suite with one room with 2 queens and a huge flat screen tv and another room with another queen bed and a flat screen tv.the hotel is not luxurious but is very nice,clean,functional.For some reason all our kids loved the hotel and it was not because of the tvs as we had little time to watch it.From the hotel you can easily walk to ghiradelli square and the wharf . We also walked to the alcatraz ferry pier from the hotel in about 10 minutes. Our family rented bikes to go across GGB from blazing saddles on Hyde st an easy 6-7 walk.There is also a blazing saddles bike shop next to the hotel.We chose the other shop because is closer to the bike path starting point.Around the corner on Taylor street is Pats Cafe which is a cute and tasty place for breakfast.North Beach with all of its food places are just a little longer walk up the street. Golden Boy Pizza has great pizza .From our third floor room we had a great view of Coit Tower lit up at night and from our bed we could see the Alcatraz lighthouse in action at night.We stayed on the streetside away from Bimbos nightclub.yes there is some street noise especially since we stayed there over a weekend but it did not seem to bother anyone.But just in case you can bring earplugs.the front desk was helpful with directions and there is a bowl of apples in the morning.there is a coffee maker in the room.Parking is secure and free. Most hotels in the area charge between 20-50 dollars a night for this parking!Oh yes there is also free wireless internet.Overall a great stay and would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 9 2009 	Nice for the price	This hotel gets high ratings from us for price and convenience. It is located between Fisherman's Wharf and North Beach, very convenient and close to transportation. You can park your car for free and have access to it at any time. We also liked the neighborhood feel of the area, much different from Union Square and all of its chain stores. There are a couple of coffee shops nearby, so it is easy to grab a latte or a quick breakfast before heading out for a day of site seeing. Our only complaint is that it is on a somewhat busy street, so there was quite a bit of street noise, but truthfully after a long day of siteseeing we were so tired at night that it never bothered us. We stayed here because all of the other hotels in more touristy areas were booked, but having stayed there this one time we would definitely say again.	
Nov 6 2009 	Nice Hotel - Great Value	Picked this hotel based on Tripadvisor reviews. The accomodations were roomy and clean. Location of hotel was perfect for walking to Fisherman's Wharf, Little Italy, Cable Car stops, etc. Parking was secure and FREE!! Flat screen TV, quiet room with balcony. Helpful front desk staff. Safe neighborhood.Without a doubt, would stay at this hotel when in SF in the future.	
Oct 28 2009 	Great Place to Stay in San Francisco!	We spent 4 nights in San Francisco, and wanted a nice hotel, free parking and a great location. We definitely achieved all three of those goals with the Columbus Motor Inn. It's in a nice area, an easy walk to Fisherman's Wharf. We were very comfortable walking around, even late at night. We parked our vehicle in the free garage when we arrived and didn't take it out again until we left. Our room was quiet, clean and very comfortable. We were in an upstairs room, away from the street, which we requested. The Front Desk was efficient and helpful. The hair dryer in our bathroom stopped working on the second morning, and they had it replaced in two hours. Muni tickets could be purchased two blocks away at the Powell/Mason Cable Car turnaround, and we bought 3 day tickets for unlimited use of the cable cars, streetcars and buses, all of which were in easy walking distance. I really can't think of anything negative to say about the place, and we would definitely stay there again!	
Oct 19 2009 	Great spot but rooms a little dated	We drove up to San Fran from LA so needed accom with parking. The Columbus is in a great location, close to the wharf, walking distance to Chinatown with some great little cafe's nearby. Bathrooms were a little dated and they don't have an in-room fridge so only provide powdered milk for coffee - yuck.Absolutely HUGE flat screen tv, balcony and one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in made up for the the old bathroom.	
Oct 18 2009 	Large room great view good location	We stepped off the cable car and were in our room in minutes! When the fog lifted, we could not believe the view. This hotel was great for guests with cars. The staff members were all pleasant.	
Oct 5 2009 	Nice rooms great value	The rooms are spacious with flat screen tv. The location is minutes from Fisherman's Wharf. I was concerned that the name &quot;Motor Lodge&quot; meant near a bad neighborhood - but the neighborhood was safe. A great value for San Francisco!!	
Sep 30 2009 	Functional perfection	Excellent location, large and spotless room (some with view on Coit Tower and Cable cars), large flat TV, free garage (rare at SF). Nothing superfluous, but all what you need for a good price.For your breakfast: Mama’s is wonderful (on Washington square less than 0.5 mile). Go soon otherwise the queue outside can be long.	
Sep 30 2009 	Perfect spot for tourist who is driving.	Everything you read is right. Best spot for tourist attractions if you have a car and want to live it in parking and walk. Parking is ok, even if we drive a large van like us. Right in the heart of North Beach. They respect all all request for the room ( back from front street, 2 beds and refrigerator )Great price for San Francisco. But the key words are : FREE PARKING !!!	
Sep 28 2009 	Customer service lacking noisy street traffic.	We stayed at the Columbus Motor Inn for only one night, though we did book it originally for 4 nights. We paid $210/night for a spacious room with 2 double beds and one king for our family of 5. The room was quite comfortable but the noise from the traffic kept us up at night. The location otherwise is great with access to transportation and good restaurants without the crowds of people you get at Union Square. The MUNI 30 bus runs by EVERY 15 minutes and it is very loud. The walls are also very thin and we could hear other people. What is really lacking is customer service. We attempted to change rooms because of the traffic noise and was told &quot;I guess you better find another hotel because our last room was booked online&quot;. Obviously, our patronage was truly unappreciated. The front desk staff is very monotone and unfriendly which therefore creates an uninviting atmosphere. We ended up going to The Donatello where the customer service was superb. If you decide to stay here, ask for a quiet room in the back away from the street.	
Sep 20 2009 	Excellent location safe and clean.	My partner and I have recently returned from a road trip of California. We booked this hotel based or the reviews here and were not disappointed. It is situated in a great location which has easy access to most of the main attractions of San Francisco like Fishermans Wharf, Chinatown, Italian District and Lombard Street is also a couple of blocks walk and well worth a visit! We had a car so the parking was excellent and basically we didnt use the car as walking was only 15 mins to Fishermans Wharf area and there are trams etc which stop in the next street to take you anywhere you want to go. There is a good pub/indian restaurant across the road and lots of laid back bars. Best thing was a small cafe called Pat's Cafe just round the corner which has a great atmosphere and served really good food. We went there several times for breakfast and enjoyed every one.The hotel staff were very polite and helpful and the room cleanliness was great. It has free wifi also so great if you want to do some research while you are there.All in all I would stay here again if going back to San Francisco. it isnt that cheap but I think all things considered it is decent value as San Francisco is not a cheap city to stay in especially if you do not like *roughing it* a bit. I would put this hotel on par with a good 3 star hotel back home.	
Sep 18 2009	Wharf Value	When I would vacation to San Francisco, I would always stay at Cow Hollow Motor Inn. However, due to the decline in cleanliness and service, I looked elsewhere. Columbus Motor Inn was my choice and I wasn't disappointed. The location is very convenient if you want to visit the Wharf, Ghiradelli's or Alcatraz. All are within walking distance which will save you an incredible amount in parking garage fees. Even though there are two floors of parking, it was rather limited. When I asked the manager about this, he said they generally only run out of parking if there is an event. Should they run out of room, you can double park your car in the lot and they will move it into a spot when one becomes available. Fortunately, I always had a spot. If you need to take a cab, they run very frequently and I never had a problem getting one. The rooms were quite large (even if we didn't get a room with a balcony) and clean. The flat screen TV was nice as well. The mattresses could have been a bit firmer in my opinion, but I like very firm mattresses. They do have wi-fi service, however, I found it to be a bit weak with my iTouch at times. The only real complaint I would have (and it's not the hotel's fault) is there are limited places to eat around the hotel. Nightly fee was about $155 a night but that includes the parking. If you're looking for high scale frills, you won't find it here. But if you're looking for a clean place to stay that almost reminds you of being at home, then I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Columbus Motor Inn.	
Sep 16 2009 	Good clean and safe in Great location	This was the first hotel i stayed in on my first trip to the USA and I stayed here due to trip advisor . The best thing was that we felt really safe in a strange city and the location is fantastic - with a 6 year old you need to feel safe. When we woke up at 6 in the morning due to jet lag we walked 2 blocks to the cable car turn on Taylor and got the cable car to Union Square for breakfast - no lines and a really friendly ticket collector. The room was very clean, the staff were friendly enough (although we met better during our trip) and of course the parking was free in a city where you can't park. The hotel was good and I would stay here again because it of the cleanliness, location and the free parking. On the down side it's not cheap (but where is in SF) and the WIFI didn't reach to our room. We stayed in better hotels on our road trip but the location is hard to beat	
Sep 10 2009 	Great Location	We have stayed at this hotel several times in the past 8 years. We keep coming back to this great location in North Beach for several reasons. Most of all, it is easy. The hotel is situated not far from Fisherman's Wharf, Coit Tower or Chinatown, depending which direction you walk. The rooms are spacious and clean. Great Italian restaurants nearby. Free parking!!!!! Enjoy!	
Sep 10 2009 	Clean comfortble and very enjoyable	My friend and I traveled to SF to visit theTut exhibit and just spend a few days relaxing. Our stay was very comfortable, and we loved the fact that we were walking distance from The Wharf. The Inn provides free parking, which in that area is a great deal. If you want to stay in the area of Fisherman's Wharf. this an ideal place at a decent price.	
Sep 10 2009 	Good location 	Best part is the location. You are within 2 blocks of the cable car line and 5 blocks from Fisherman's Wharf. There are a ton of Italian eateries/cafes in the neighborhood (as well as other types of restaurants). A Barnes &amp; Noble and Safeway is within 2 blocks as well. Also, a bike rental place is one block away, so you can rent and ride to wherever your heart desires.The second best thing is the FREE parking. This beats the typical $15-20 daily surcharge other hotels charge.There's complimentary fresh apples on most mornings.The staff is unremarkable but that didn't bother me. The room is good enough. Things were clean. Of course, it's not going to be a brand new place with exquisite furnishings and a plush bed. No. This is a middle of the road hotel. You get what you pay for. It's good enough.	
Aug 27 2009 	Great Location Great Price!	This was a really great place to stay for the price. It was very close to North Beach and many sites were within walking distance. The rooms were nothing fancy but clean and very nice. We had a car and there is of course (since its a motor inn) a garage underneath the hotel which was very convenient for us.	
Aug 24 2009 	Great Location and Good Value	Stayed at the Columbus Motor Inn in Oct 08 for two nights. For those unfamiliar with San Francisco, it is frightfully expensive for accommodation, so a rate 0f $200 a night for a one bedroom studio was reasonably good value. This allowed my sister and her husband to share the bedroom whilst the nephew and myself had a queen bed each in the lounge area. The rooms were extremely roomy and comfortable....spotless in fact. Along with a dining table big enough for the four of us and flat screen TV's in both rooms, the accommodations were surprisingly good. Another bonus was the fact we were able to park on-site with access to our car anytime day or night (not always possible in San Fran). Fishermans Wharf is at most a 5 minute walk away, and a combination Indian/Chinese restaurant and bar is right across the street. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again and recommend it to my fellow Trip Advisor members without hesitation.	
Aug 17 2009 	A hidden Gem In San Francisco	My fiance and I stayed here for three nights and were both extremely surprised at how nice this Inn was. It definitely is a no-frills inn, with no pool or breakfast, but the location could not be more ideal!Only a 3 block walk to Fisherman's Wharf, Ghiardelli Square, 1 block from the world famous lombard street you are in the middle of everything, yet the hotel was very quiet even though there was no vacancy and the neighborhood was very safe even at night. You are only one block from stations for both the F-line light rail and the street car routes, so you are never at a loss for transportation around the city. In fact, we had a car the entire time and left it in the FREE off street parking provided by the hotel. The bed was very comfy and the room was a very good size with a large bathroom.For only $155 a night for a king room, I defy anybody to find a better deal in san fran!	
Aug 14 2009 	Great no-frills place to stay in S.F.	If you like full service hotels with chatty staffers who will make restaurant recommendations, etc., this is not the place for you. But if you're a budget-minded family who prefers to be left alone to do your own thing, this is the ideal place to stay! Our family (two adults, two teenagers) spent three nights at the Columbus Motor Inn in July. We reserved a two-room suite and requested a refrigerator. The room was spacious and very clean, and having the two TVs was a nice touch. We even had a great view of Coit Tower. We opted not to purchase Muni passes, and instead rode the cable cars or walked everywhere. The hotel is ideally situated and we felt safe walking back there even at night. There are many good restaurants nearby (try Pat's Cafe for breakfast and L'Osteria del Forno in North Beach for dinner) and a Safeway and Trader Joe's within walking distance. We didn't have a car so we didn't take advantage of the free parking, but we rented a car the morning we checked out and it was nice to be able to park it and load our luggage at our leisure. The front desk staff (there really is no &quot;lobby&quot; to speak of) was a bit stonefaced, but we rarely engaged with them anyway. During our entire stay, we rarely saw or heard other guests, even though the place was full. Other than street sounds, it's very quiet. All in all, a terrific place to stay for about $210 a night!	
Aug 13 2009 	Good Hotel	Nice big room, only 2 beds and a bath, clean hotelroom, in a good neighboorhood close to fishermans wharff, little italy and chinatown. Free parking in the garage under the hotel. Nice staff, no breakfast.	
Aug 12 2009 	Great location poor staff	The location is great - just a few minutes walk from a cable car station and a little longer to Fisherman's Wharf. The rooms are better than I expected, with a decent amount of space and your own balcony. Unfortunately, the customer service very poor. The front counter is staffed with bored, indifferent, smarmy simps who would sooner spit on you than look at you. Ask a question and prepare to get a smirk and a one-word answer. If you're not out of your room by 9:45am, you can forget maid service. There's no city information (magazines, brochures, etc.) of any kind - not even a phone book.In the end, it's a roof over your head and free parking in a decent area of the city - I still recommend the place, just ignore the staff as they ignore you, expect nothing, and have a great time.Oh, we tried the Indian restaurant across the street as suggested by a previous review - not sure if the management has changed, but the food sucked, and the service was terrible - both the restaurant and the hotel seem to be staffed by zombies who forgot how to smile.	
Aug 8 2009 	Great motel in the centre of San Francisco	We stayed at the Columbus Motor Inn for 3 nights after reading good reviews on tripadvisor and because the parking was free which is a real bonus in San Francisco.Even without sat-nav, we were able to find the motel without any problems - it is located around 10 minutes walk from Fishermans Wharf and around 20 minutes from the Transamerica Pyramid area.The room was large with a seating area by the window and very clean with a really great view of Telegraph Hill and Coit tower. There were ice machines on each floor which was a useful touch if you fancied a glass of wine in your room.This is a motel so there is a very small reception area and no restaurant but this was exactly what we wanted being on a &quot;fly-drive&quot; holiday to California.The parking area is both new and spacious and while this remains a free option then the Columbus Motor Inn will continue to be a highly recommended place to stay in San Francisco.	
Aug 7 2009 	A great little hotel in the centre of San Francisco	Before staying at this hotel I checked tripadvisor for hotel reviews and I can honestly say that this hotel was ideal for our family. We were very pleased with the rooms and having the parking included was an extra bonus.	
Aug 1 2009 	Not luxury but just a brilliant place to stay.	We asked for and got a 2nd floor room at the rear of the hotel, as recommended by previous reviewer. Room was really big, 2 queen beds and a sofa, everything you could need. Always kept spotlessly clean. We thoroughly enjoyed our 6 nights here and would not hesitate to go back. The location is perfect for walking down to Fisherman's Wharf, the cable cars start just around the corner and it's much better cheaper than Marriott or Hilton, which are just around the corner. Not luxury but just a brilliant place to stay.	
Jul 31 2009 	Noisy but okay	My wife and I chose the Columbus after reading Trip Advisor reviews. We booked months in advance, requested a room at back but was told upon check in that there weren't any of the type we requested (1 King bed). I asked the the unfriendly older man at the desk about the request and he response was &quot;Your booking guarantees you a room, we can't promise a particular one&quot;. I thought this was pretty ordinary. They could have told us that when we booked.We stayed on the 2nd floor on the main road and I was initially worried about being able to sleep as it was like being right next to the Indy 500. However, the traffic was less at night, and with the airconditioner on we slept okay. I did notice one woman who had stayed in a room on the nightclub side. She looked like she hadn't slept at all and was waiting to change rooms. The bed was very comfortable, the TV good, free apples at reception. People have mentioned how wonderful the staff are, particularly Noah. Well, the two people we encountered were far from friendly, and when Noah checked us out he wasn't anything special. The location is excellent. Not near the train station but it costs less than $10 by taxi. Short walk to the water, past all the tacky souvenier shops. We had some lovely dinners in Ghiradelli Square - Bar Marche I think and the big restaurant/bar overlooking the water - great seafood chowder. We did one free walking tour near Coit Tower. Make sure you ring up to find out what tours are on. They are an excellent way to see the city and hear all the history from the locals. Stay away from the Walgreens at Fisherman's Wharf ; the one down near the station is cheaper and has all the specials. It was my first time to San Fran since I was a kid (1984), and we had a great time. Would we stay again at the Columbus............if it was considerably cheaper than other places, yes.	
Jul 25 2009	Enjoyable stay in San Fransisco - excellent accomodation	When planning our trip from Australia to Canada and staying in San Fransisco on our way back, I looked at the map for accomodation near the Wharf's. My 1st selection was Columbus Motor Inn and whilst I was a littel bit concerned of booking site unseen, I need not have worried. All my emails with concerns or queries were answered promptly. On arrival we were greeted by very friendly and helpful staff. Our room was very good and the beds comfortable. The only thing we didn't realise was that a fridge was not in the room realising you can get one for $5 a night towards the end of our stay. Pats cafe was recommended for breakfasts and it was the best place to eat with lovely friendly waiters and Pat was a gem. the Indian Restaurant across the road had lovely food although 1st impression was not too good but once you settled in for the meal, it was great. To be within walking distance of the Pier 39 was very handy and you can get a bus right outside if wanting to go Chinatown or City. thank you for an excellent stay and I highly recommend this accomodation.	
Jul 20 2009 	GREAT VALUE LOCATION 	My 15 year old daughter, her best friend &amp; I stayed for 7 nights. It was our first trip to San Francisco and I researched and planned the entire trip before booking. We rented a car for trips to Carmel and other places of interest in the SF area. FREE PARKING was top on my list. I refuse to pay $40 &amp; up to park @ a hotel where I'm a paying guest. The location couldn't have been better. We purchased the Citypass which was also a great value. Noah @ the front desk could not have been more helpful! From restaurant recommendations to driving directions he was WONDERFUL! He should be made manager! WE FELL IN LOVE WITH SAN FRANCISCO. I hope to return to the Columbus Inn soon. I'm just afraid that if word of this little gem gets out, we might not be able to book a room.	
Jul 19 2009	AWESOME	I was SO pleased with this hotel. We loved the cozy, posh atmosphere. My daughter and I were on a trip to the CA coast. This hotel was safe, and very close to everything we wanted to see and do. It had very close access to the Muni to go other places. The gentleman at the desk was very helpful to highlight on a map where we were and how to get where we wanted to go. Parking was free and off of the street. We will stay there again.	
Jul 8 2009 	Great location friendly staff free parking	Great location--easy walking distance to lots of thngs and easy access to public transportation. The staff was absolutely the best--friendly and helpful. From Noah and Oscar at the front desk to Lina in housekeeping--everyone was accessible, happy and ready to answer any question or take care of any need. The free parking is an added bonus in this area. The room was large and clean. The view was great.	
Jul 7 2009 	Faultless !	Hubby and I spent 4 days here in June at the end of a 4 week road trip around California. It was just what we needed - a massive, clean , comfortable room, great bed , helpful staff and convenient location. We asked for a room at the back and it was perfectly quiet, which is one thing I was worried about . The desk staff were great, very knowledgeable, patient and kind. Oscar did our on-line flight check-in for us , even though it took him ages to get onto the website. He and all the staff were so friendly and helpful and nothing was any trouble at all. The bus stop was right outside, cable car- stop just one street over and a great Indian restaurant over the road , so everything really convenient. The decision to stay here wasn't taken lightly, as I had read so many reviews for hotels in San Franciso, so we were really pleased at how great it was. I'd have no doubts about staying here next time we are in SF !	
Jul 6 2009 	PERFECT location and GREAT hotel!	My family and I just got back from vacationing on the west coast. We stayed at the Columbus for one night, and we couldn't have been happier! The location is IDEAL - better than staying at the Warf and at a much better rate. You can not beat the free parking either. You are a couple blocks from the &quot;crookedest street&quot; and Fisherman's Warf. You can grab the cable cars right at the corner or walk two blocks towards FW and grab it at the end/begining of the line. The area is perfectly safe and we never felt nervous while walking around in the evening. One thing to note, however, the nightclub next door is now open again (some people here had previously stated it was closed). We had a room on the third floor on the corner right next to the the club and you could hear the music slightly through the walls. I don't think there would be any problem if you got any of the other rooms facing the street and not the corner room or if you were staying during the week instead of over the weekend like us. Though our room was right in front of the elevators, we never heard a peep from any of the others staying in the hotel.The rooms are VERY clean and nicer then I expected! We loved the layout of the room! Though we didn't have a balcony, we had half a wall of windows that opened and a great little table/chairs to sit and watch the day go by. The beds were comfortable, the bathroom a nice size, and the shower had good water pressure.We would certainly stay here again. The staff was very helpful and polite. NOTE: You may be tempted to ask for a room away from the road, but I wouldn't do so. You're stuck (1) with not view facing the building next door and (2) You're stuck right next to the nightclub - certainly not more quiet then the street during the weekend. The traffic noise was minimal and wouldn't bother the average sleeper. Besides, it's not a huge interstate highway passing by the hotel anyway. Just a regular city street.Fisherman's Warf: This is a very touristy location and not the cute little warf you might imagine or remember from days gone by. Certainly take a stroll down to it to at least check out the sealions basking on the platforms, but I wouldn't recommend eating there unless you just want something basic. Instead, China Town and Little Italy is close by and offers a much better selection and quality of food.Cable Car: Purchase a day pass instead of simply a one-way or round trip ticket. The day pass only costs a couple dollars more and it allows you to jump on and off when you want for the whole day.	
Jul 5 2009 	Average Rooms but Great Location with Parking Included	The two highlights of this inn are location and parking. It is close to Fisherman's Wharf and within walking distance of public transportation, dining, China Town, shopping, grocery and downtown. Most other hotels charge extra for parking, anywhere from $20 to 50 a day. Rooms are average but clean and housekeeping does a good job. Front office staff in general is helpful. Opening the window does bring in the street noise. Pat's cafe is good but the Indian restaurant across the street is noisy and has average food with poor service. You can request a refrigerator for $5/day but there is no microwave. Considering Trader Joe's and Safeway are only a couple of blocks away, microwave would be really useful.	
Jul 5 2009 	Great location free parking nice rooms	We stayed in the the two room family suite, with two beds in one room and a king size bed in the other. Had a balcony facing the street with a nice view of Coit Tower. There was street noise but not bad. Free, safe parking is a big plus. Front desk staff was pleasnat and helpful with directions. We also walked to Fishermans Wharf and felt safe even at night. Also, one block up on Chestnut is the San Francisco Institute of Art which not only has a beautiful mural by Diego Rivera as you enter the courtyard to the left but also a roof area that offers incredible views of the city.	
Jul 4 2009 	Better than I expected	We had a great stay for our honeymoon. We were in room 302. On the street side, but great views of Coit Tower and Alcatraz. We didn't find it noisy at all with the door closed. Nicely furnished rooms, very homey with the light wood furniture. Nice to have a little table and two chairs and a big tv. The room was pretty spacious, but the bathroom and sink/counter area was a bit small. Great free wifi and parking. The irish pub/curry house across the street was great at night for cheap beer and indian snacks. It's in a great area where as long as you avoid Fisherman's Wharf it's not very touristy. Lots of great local restaurants/bars/coffee shops. We would definitely stay again!	
Jul 2 2009 	Excellent Surprise	My husband and I spent three days in SF before heading to Monterey and Carmel. We were so surprised to find the rooms at this hotel to be very clean, large and the perfect location. We asked for the third floor, which we got. We had a balcony that we see Alcatraz and Coit toir. If you are looking for a clean, no frills hotel with a great location, this is a great bet!! Another thing is the parking is FREE, and there is a rental car place a block away. Also bike rental and North Beach is just down the street. I highly recommend walking to North Beach for pasteries and coffee in the mornings. Washington Square is very close as well and is very nice to watch locals and artists on the weekends.	
Jun 23 2009 	Great Location - very easy to drive up to great views and cool staff.	Beleive the many good reviews on Columbus - it's all true. Simply put, it's right by Fishermans Wharf it's on a road that was very easy to drive up to via The Golden Gate bridge, parking is esay and there are some awesome views to be had. It's not huge, facilities are slim but...YOU'RE RIGHT IN THE CENTRE OF SAN FRANCISCO! The room is actually very large, with smart clean bathroom and all the usual coffee etc But downstairs and a few doors away was a great bohemian coffee lounge, whose name i forget. Trolley cars stop nearby - and you can walk to Chinatown and Fishermans wharf - about 5 minutes away.The guy on the desk was young and clued up - he recommended a great chinese msg free restaurant that was not far and very good.	
Jun 20 2009 	Goof recommendation	Just what we were looking for after an evening arrival at SFO following the long flight from Florida. We were leaving for wine country the next morning, so our needs were simple - a decent, reasonably-priced hotel for a good night's sleep. This was it! Our room was immaculate, quiet and comfortable. Self-parking in the covered garage was included with the very reasonable room rate. The hotel is in an excellent location to head north out of the city. We had breakfast at Pat's Cafe around the corner before our departure and it was fine.	
Jun 13 2009 	Best Hotel Deal in San Francisco	We have stayed at the Columbus several times now, and every stay has been good. The rooms are large, comfortable and clean, with a large flat screen TV, coffeemaker, iron and refrigerator ($5 extra). The room prices are reasonable for San Francisco, we paid $155 per night, and that includes free parking in their covered garage. We usually stay in one of the rooms at the back of the hotel, they're quieter if you like an open window, but the front rooms have a small balcony with better views, but more noisy just above the street. The location is perfect, between Fisherman's Wharf, North Beach and Chinatown, and there is easy access to public transportation, including the cable car. There are many restaurants, bars, and sights in easy walking distance.All in all, this is not a luxury hotel, but it is very nice for the price and fills our needs perfectly.	
May 18 2009 	Second visit as nice as the first!	I stayed at the Columbus Motor Inn four years ago with my sister. This time, my husband and I, his brother and wife traveled together for a two-week trip through California. I booked the Columbus Motor Inn for our San Francisco three night stay and was really glad I did! We got a family suite (2 bedroom K/Q) and it was very comfortable for the four of us (although one bathroom for four adults sometimes was challenging!) The only disappointment was that we didn't have the glorious view that we would have had in the Columbus Avenue rooms. Our rooms faced out onto the back of several row houses, so even though it wasn't very scenic, it was quite a bit quieter than the Columbus Avenue side. We had a very small refrigerator in the room at my request ($5 extra per night). It would be nice if the hotel provided a larger refrigerator and possibly a small microwave as part of the price of the rooms, but it worked out OK. We used the free wi-fi quite a few times to look up restaurants in the area. A suggestion for a great day outing from the Columbus Inn - rent Blazing Saddles bikes and bike across the Golden Gate bridge to Sausalito and take the ferry back. We thorough enjoyed this excursion. We also ate at Pat's Cafe which I saw several reviews on and we had a very nice breakfast. Our favorite restaurant was Sotto Mare (Columbus/Green). Excellent cioppino and we felt like we were dining with family. The owner and staff were all very attentive and we were so full when we left! Again...the Columbus Motor Inn provided an excellent base camp for exploring ChinaTown, Fisherman's Wharf, the Coit Tower, cable cars, Alcatraz, Lombard Street and Little Italy and free parking too! Thanks again!	
May 9 2009 	Returned Again!	It has been a few years since we have stayed at the Columbus Motor Inn. In the past we have enjoyed staying here and on our return visit we found the Inn as good as we had experienced.Our room looked as if it had been recently renovated. I don't remember the crown molding, but that might just be my failing memory. Anyway we asked for a room on the top floor and in back and that is what we got. The room faced a wall of another building and therefore there was no view, but we didn't want a room facing Columbus St. to begin with. The room had absolutely no traffic noise which is unusual for San Francisco. We didn't even hear a siren which is a common in S.F.The room was comfortable, clean, and simply furnished with a flat screen TV. There was plenty of space to put our luggage as the room was not at all cramped.The parking is free and adequate. You can take out your car and not be affraid of returning and not getting a parking space. Public transportation is a couple of feet from the lobby. The Stockton bus runs right in front. If you want to do the tourist thing the cable car is a few blocks away. You can walk to the center of Little Italy or Chinatown within about 10-15 minutes at a leisurely pace.For $102 a night this is one of the big bargains of San Francisco.	
May 8 2009 	Unbeatable for location 	We will be staying here again on our next trip. We have been to San Francisco on many occassions and this is the first time we have found a decent hotel with free parking at a reasonable rate anywhere remotely nearly this location.The good - One block to the cable cars, a couple of blocks to Fishermans' Wharf, Muni at your door step, cycling shop next door, great indian food over the road and other amenities a stones throw. Place was clean, staff were always willing and helpful. The bad - (1) no air con in the room, which might be a problem on a hot night and (2) no fridge. Oh, the neighbouring property is called &quot;Bimbos&quot; which is what you might think, but even though our room overlooked it, there was no noise and nothing at street level that caused us concern.This place is a credit to the owners &amp; their staff.	
Apr 28 2009 	Great Easter weekend stay - a fridge would have been nice	We stayed here for 4 nights over Easter. We had a family suite?? With separate bedroom and another room with 2 more double beds - loads of space for family of 4. The place is clean and in the most unbelievable location. This place is a hidden gem and with FREE PARKING!We loved our stay here.The only complaint I have is a fridge would have been nice in the family suite and a computer terminal in the lobby for guests to access the internet. We did a 2 week road trip through California and the majorty of motels and inns had free internet access in the lobby.The price is great and would recommend this place to anyone.	
Apr 26 2009 	Great Stay - WiFi problems	In this hotel we (2ad, 2 ch) had a two nights stay during our california trip. The hotel was excellent, very safe, quiet, good location, free parking. Room King-Queen was with 2 separated rooms and one bathroom. Pleasant walking to Fisherman Warf, Alcatraz cruises. Pat’s café has very good crepes but is very small. Only problem the WiFi which could not working in my wm6 phone (Samsung Omnia), since the initial page to accept the terms could not be displayed by neither the IE nor the Opera browser. The reception had no idea about it and the helpdesk of the ISP said that they dont support windows-mobile. Fortunately in our room there was reception of another free wifi which I used with no problems.	
Apr 25 2009 	great stay	We could not believe how nice our room was for the price, we had a king bed with another bedroom for kids with a double both with flat screen tvs. The room was very clean and we were on 3 floor &amp; heard no noise. Easy walk to Fishermans wharf. Lots of very nice italian restaurants nearby. Free parking. Would definitely recommend &amp; can't wait to go back.	
Apr 13 2009 	The hotel lived up up to all the great reviews	We stayed here 3 nights in early April. The hotel is truly a gem. My Wed-Thurs rate was only 82.00, Fri was 98.00. We were able to check in early at 1:30 since our room was ready. We were in room 301. Street noise was low, but I would ask for a 3rd floor room to avoid street noise. Also request a frig since the hotel has only 4 available. There is not a laundry room in the hotel, which would of been nice. Bus stop is right in the front of the hotel and the city is easily accessible on the bus system. Trolley stop is a few blocks away. Try Mo's Gourmet Hamburgers on Grant Ave and North Beach Pizza on Grant Ave for great food. Just a 2 block walk from the bus stop at Columbus and Union (a 5 minute ride). If you are using the transit system , get the 1, 3 or 7 day pass that allows to unlimited rides on all public transportation. Also includes the old fashioned trolley cars. A 3 day pass was only 18.00-great value.	
Apr 12 2009 	Great Location. Free parking. Small but well kept rooms	For about 112 $ per night, we thought this room was a good deal. About four blocks from Fishermans Wharf, ten blocks from Chinatown, and Little Italy was close as well. Trader Joes is a short walk, too.You will want to have your room booked, though. We wanted to stay an extra day, and the front desk told us that all they had was a king and a roll away bed. We said that would be fine. When we got back at the end of the day, they had moved us into a very cramped room with two twin beds rather than the king they promised us. Beyond that, though , the stay went quite well	
Apr 5 2009 	Very nice big and clean rooms great price great location	I found this hotel through trip-advisor, and the thing that cought my attention was that most reviews said they were surprised from what they got for that relativelly very-low price. I must agree with those reviews.It is not the most fancy luxury hotel, but my room was HUGE, a very wide and comfy King-size bed, very large and clean bathroom, big ~40'' LCD TV and even a nice view (i could see a bit of Alckatraz, the tower etc.).Also, this hotel has free parking, which usually costs about $20-35 in other SF hotels.I would defenetly come back to this hotel.	
Apr 3 2009 	very good except for the deadbeets at the desk	Stayed for a few days and loved it. Ditto on all that has been said--very clean, excellent location, exceptional value. I would give it five stars except that the front desk personnel were without exception some of the most sullen and creepy individuals I've ever seen working in customer service. But if you don't mind the low IQ and verbally challenged deadbeets at the desk, this is definitely a great place to stay.	
Mar 31 2009 	Best kept secret!	Thanks to the great reviews about the Columbus Motor Inn, we spent a very pleasant and cheap evening here. Refurbished nicely and immaculate. Windows opened to fresh air, sounds of nearby North Beach and views of Coit Tower and church spires. Many restaurants just blocks away in a safe and interesting area. Note that there is a famous nitespot next door that is open for special events a few times a month. If you are early to bed, request a room on the other side of the hotel. We had a terrific breakfast at the Columbus Caffe at 901 Columbus. Be sure to request the waffles and artistic latte.	
Mar 25 2009 	Great Value in San Fran!	We stayed at the Columbus Motor Inn from March 11th -March 16th and we truly enjoyed our stay. It is really close to Fisherman's Wharf. We chose this hotel because we needed to have free parking and all other hotels we checked out charged 30 dollars and up to park. That is as much as a rental car.THIS A NO FRILLS HOTEL, BUT WE WILL DEFINITELY STAY AGAINFLAT PANEL ONLY FRILLWe had a double room with 2 double beds because that was all they had left, but I would not do that again because they beds were too small for me and husband to sleep together. I checked out a king room while they were cleaning it and I would rather have a room like that. (We are both large people).We loved the black out curtains and after reading reviews here we requested a room on the 3rd floor and in the back because the hotel is located in a busy area and we are not use to street noises. Noise was minimal in our room. I think I heard noise once during my stay.The hotel staff was wonderful and accommodating. The hotel was very clean. Too me the rooms looked like my bedroom at home in a way and I loved the flat panel tv. There is a coffee maker in the room, a hair dryer and toiletries. The lights are set on a timer and that was new for us, but energy conserving. The hotel staff will recommend places for you to eat or anything else you would like to do in San Fran.I recommend you get a Citipass and use it to ride all the transportation available it is included in the price-cable cars, subways, buses, ect. It is good for 9 days And other attractions are included as well. It is worth the 54.00 and you can pick up at the trolley pay center.DO NOT GO TO THE SAN FRANCISCO AQUARIUM IN THE WHARF NOT WORTH ITDO GO TO THE CALIFORNIA SCINECE MUSEUM THEY HAVE A NICE AQUARIUMA;LSO BY THE SUBMARINE AND SHIP ON EXHIBIT THERE IS A FREE TOY MUSEUM. YOU DO PAY TO PLAY WITH THE TOYS THEY ARE COIN OPERATED. WE LOVED IT!!EAT AT PAT'S CAFE WE ATE THERE EVERY DAY FOR BREAKFAST! (PANCAKES MADE WITH WHIPPINBG CREAM INSTEAD OF MILK). IT IS IN WALKING DISTANCE. I did not like paying to print my boarding pass.	
Mar 23 2009	Columbus Motor Inn-Great location - Would stay again and again!!	Me, my mom and my two sisters stayed in room 313 (suite with two bedrooms &amp; 1 bathroom). This room did not have a balcony but had plenty of room. There was ample closet and dresser room, free parking and free internet, great room rates and clean rooms. There is a small coffee maker in the room with wolfgang puck coffee but just in case, you can walk a few blocks north towards Beach st. and have a good breakfast and a cup of coffee at Pergaminos - There is also an irish pub a few buildings down. Pat's cafe also had a great breakfast. I recommend Rose Pistola's! We were able to enjoy our own wine (paid the $15 corkage fee) while listening to a wonderful jazz trio! . Thank you San Francisco! We all had such a great stay in the city and are all planning to return with our families soon. I will stay here again on my next trip! Thank you Miller for the great restaurant suggestions!	
Mar 21 2009 	Great Hotel - Excellent Location	Stayed for 5 nights and this hotel is well worth the money. Good location ..2 blocks from fishermans wharf.. close to cable cars ( Get a muni pass its alot cheaper than buying single ride tickets). Good indian restaurant across the road and a safeways a few blocks away...loved our stay in san francisco	
Mar 18 2009 	Great Value Great Location	Stayed here 3/11/09-3/16/09 in a two room suite w/ king/queen set up. Requested and got a rear room on a higher floor. It was very quiet and I barley heard or saw other guests. The rooms were rather spacious and just what a family of four needed. The bathroom was a not as clean as I hoped, but I've stayed in 4 &amp; 5 star hotels with bathrooms that are just as worn and grimy. The rest of the room was very clean and the decor was pleasant enough. Great TVs. There are no frills here, but the location is excellent as it is in walking distance of so many things - Fisherman's Wharf, North Beach restaurants, Safeway &amp; Trader Joe's. It also has good access to MUNI stops. The free parking and in room Internet access is what really makes it the best value in the area.	
Mar 16 2009 	North Beach is a great location	This was our first hotel as part of a west coast road trip. The lovely room was very welcome after our long and delayed flight from the UK: Fairly large with a comfy bed and even a little balcony. We loved the location in North Beach, it seemed less frantic and overly touristy than Fisherman's Wharf or Union Square but you can still either walk or get public transport to pretty much anywhere in San Francisco. We bought 3 day MUNI passes which we certainly got our money's worth from! The hotel does have included parking which is great if you need it as other hotels in the area charge around $20 a night for this.	
Mar 10 2009	I've enjoyed staying here for more than 20 years.	Columbus Motor Inn is great on so many levels. The location is great, the staff has very low turnover - I've been talking to the same housekeeper for over 20 years! The rooms are clean and neat, and free parking is worth a LOT in SF. Great place.I've stayed here with my family, and by myself, it's a great value.	
Mar 2 2009 	Best value and location in SF!	We stayed at the Columbus Motor Inn in early december and found it to be a great, clean hotel, comfy beds, just what we needed for our short sightseeing weekend. The free parking was great also, as most hotels were charging $35 per night. The location was awesome, being able to walk to fishermans wharf, the cable car and to some great restaurants on columbus ave. It was only a $8 taxi to union sq as well. I would definitely recommend it to a friend, best value in town!!!	
Feb 25 2009 	Great Motel in a great location	We stayed here for two nights on our way home from a trip to New Zealand. The location is great, literally blocks away from Fishermans Wharf and an interesting walk up Columbus Avenue towards China Town and Union Square. The room was very spacious, with two queen beds, a table and chairs and a massive plasma screen tv. The bathroom decor was little &quot;tired&quot; but perfectly clean. Reception staff were friendly and helpful. All in all, a great location and a great price, I'd stay there again.	
Feb 20 2009 	Great location great room.	We had a 3rd floor room with a balcony that had great views. It was central to the things we wanted to see and in walking distance of Fisherman's Wharf, cable car line, 2 nice and quaint breakfast places that was recommended by the staff at the front desk., and restaurants for dinner. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The room was larger than most and very clean too. Had a large flat screen TV on the wall which was nice but the clarity of the picture could use some improvement. Considering we didn't spend much time in the room, that was just fine. There was FREE parking which is very rare around there. The only drawback is that a room facing the front can get noisy when emergency vehicles past by. I would stay here again though and recommend this hotel to everyone.	
Feb 19 2009 	Location Value	We recently returned from a trip through California, with a three night stay in the Columbus Motor Inn. I chose this Inn based on the reviews I read here. The reviews are on point--this Inn is located within walking distance to most attractions, centrally located, has knowledgeable desk people, has extremely clean rooms, and the price value is fantastic. I only wish they were able to provide a continental breakfast, but, due to the small size of the lobby and its set-up, that really isn't doable. However, there is a cafe of sorts (my husband walked there one morning) about half a block away where he picked up some mighty tasty muffins. The garage parking was a big plus, and we didn't need to take the car out during the time we stayed there. In fact, we were also booked for a Muir Woods/Wine Tasting Tour, and were able to picked up right in front of the hotel.I'd say my top reasons for staying here again are the value and the cleanliness of the rooms. It's not the Ritz Carlton, but it's absolutely worth the price and within walking distance to the Wharf.	
Feb 18 2009 	Amazing place	I looooooved staying here. The desk staff was great and the room was absolutely amazing and clean and spacious and even had a balcony. We were on the 4th floor and even walked up to the roof to check out the scenery. We were in walking distance of Pier 39 and Coit Tower. The best was just as comfortable as the Fisherman's Wharf where I stayed for a night 2 months prior to this trip. The price is right and I recommend. The only drawback to this place (not too important) was the pigeon poop on the balcony but the balcony has a great view. The room also has a large flatscreen tv. AWEEEEEESOMMMMME	
Jan 25 2009 	We loved our stay	Just a few blocks from Fisherman's Wharf! We enjoyed our walks to and from those activities. The rooms were very clean and the bed very comfy! We were slightly concerned about some of the reviews concerning the street noise, but we found no problems there. My wife loved the feel of the room and we loved our stay there. The check in was very smooth and friendly! Every employee that we encountered was very polite and helpful. We would positively recommend this hotel to anyone! If you don't mind walking a few blocks to the wharf, this hotel is an EXCELLENT value!	
Jan 12 2009 	super bem localizado	We booked the hotel of 12/28 to 01/01. One king size bed and the other with two doble beds. The rooms were great, with tvs enormous and new! We adore the localization, only few squares of fisherman´s wharf. We recommend the hotel !!!!	
Jan 6 2009 	Great Place to stay	We recently stayed three nights at this motel, reserving the family suite. That consisted of a king bed in the main room and a double bed in a separate bedroom. There was not a refrigerator or microwave or a comfy chair to sit in but the room lacked nothing else. I was concerned about staying here as the photos that I had viewed of the place made it look a bit out dated. The photos are old, our room looked nothing like the photos. The bedding was nice quality, wall paper, floors, counters, etc. have all been updated. We were also concerned with the area of the motel, not knowing what to expect since the price of the room was so reasonable. It is located several blocks from the Fishermans Warf area, it is quiet and we felt very safe walking in the evening. We took advantage of the free parking, left our rental car in the garage for three days and walked, taxi'd and road the bus, cable cars, etc. The garage is CLEAN too! We were very pleased with our stay and the price is awesome!	
Jan 1 2009 	A Gem in San Francisco	We just returned from staying two nights at the Columbus Motor Inn. I based our decision to stay here from all the great reviews on Trip Advisor. I wasn't disappointed. What a great location! We felt we were close to everything.The staff was very accommodating and pleasant. We arrived early and our request for early check in was granted. We weren't too pleased with our first room due to it's location (near the street and elevator), and immediately we were switched to another room near the back of the hotel where it was a lot quieter. The room was great. We had a king size bed and there was plenty of room for our family of three to move around. The room was clean (which is a very important factor for me). My husband was extremely pleased with the flat screen television. The bed was comfortable. I read from another traveler about the pillows having feathers so we took heed to the warning and brought our own pillows since we all have allergies. We walked everywhere. Approximately 5 block away (around the corner) is the bottom of Lombard Street where you get a great view of the infamous crooked street. Only a 15 - 20 minute walk to Fisherman's Pier and about the same up the street to the heart of North Beach. If you really enjoy walking, head up the street to Stockton and turn right, it will take you straight into China Town. If you continue on, you'll eventually end up at Union Square. We did this walk and enjoyed all the wonderful sights along the way. One of the best ways to see the city in my opinion! We'll definitely stay here again the next time we visit San Fran. Oh, I forgot to mention one of the hotel's highlights...the parking is FREE! Compared to the $40+/night at other hotels, you can't beat free. Plus we got a great internet rate of $79/night on the hotel's website.A couple of suggestions on places to eat (based on recommendation to us):San Sun in Chinatown: 941 Stockton St.Great food and inexpensive. Pictures of all the dishes are displayed which makes it a lot easier to order.U.S. Restaurant: 515 Columbus Ave. Good Italian food within walking distance from the hotel (approx. 15 min). Moderately priced. If you like teas, check out the Red Blossom Tea Company in Chinatown: 831 Grant Avenue. We sampled several teas before making our purchases. A highlight for me since I'm a tea lover!Note: On Bay St., approx. 2 blocks down from the hotel (heading towards Fisherman's Wharf), turn right and walk about 6 more blocks, you'll find a Trader Joes, Cost Plus, Barnes &amp; Noble, Walgreens, and plenty of other stores. One last bit of advice: If you're planning on checking out the CA Science of Academy, I suggest getting there extremely early. We purchased our tickets in advance, but by the time we got there the lines were unbelievably long. It was a holiday week, but I heard that the lines had been long since it opened in September. The museum opened at 9 a.m. and there were people waiting for hours and arrived before it even opened. We ended up getting a refund because after waiting for two hours, we were yards away from the entrance. No signs of us getting in anytime soon. Also, finding parking and getting in/out of the park was an entire other nightmare!As an alternative, we went to the Discovery Museum near Fort Baker. A great place if you have kids! http://www.badm.org/Wonderful views of the Golden Gate Bridge. We couldn't drag our 6 y/o from this place because she was having so much fun.	
Dec 23 2008 	Great hotel	We stayed at the inn for one night on the 14th Dec. The room was spacious and had great flatscreen tv. The mattresses were very comfortable and we had a wonderful stay. Our heater was spoilt though, but the staff was kind enough to carry a portable one for our room. It was also walking distance to nearby attractions like the Lombard St and Fisherman's Wharf. What's more, there's free parking! We will definitely stay there again if we ever have the chance to visit San Francisco again. :)	
Dec 1 2008 	Good Hotel	The hotel is very clean throughout. Our room was bigger than average and was very nice. The large flatscreen tv is very nice and our room at the back was very quiet. The nightclub next door has closed down so there won't be any noise from there.The guy at the front desk was very helpful and made some bookings for us. Location is good (one block from the cable car stop).	
Nov 30 2008 	Perfect For The Family	Wow, You can believe all of the outstanding reviews! It is a great little motel. Very clean, room very spacious and perfect location. We stayed here 11/22/08-11/25/08 and had the suite. We paid around $100 per night plus tax. It is a great suite! Room 313. Stay in the back of building, it is super quiet. The room had a king bed in the main room with a flat screen TV and a queen bed in the second room with it's own flat screen TV &amp; phone. Bathroom is regular size, nice shower pressure and plenty of towels. Bring your own shampoo/conditioner and shower gel. Only shampoo is supplied.The motel photos on the Columbus website do not do it justice. Rooms are much nicer and updated. Apparently the housekeepers are sisters and have been working there for 28 years. They are clean freaks ! Everything is immaculate. I loved all of the space and my husband son and I had plenty of privacy and space to chill out after a long day of sightseeing. The other guests were very quiet and respectful, not like when I have stayed at large Hyatt Hotels and there is always so much hallway commotion at the large chains, not a problem here. For once I did not have to watch Sponge Bob all night and could watch my own TV shows, very cool. Eat at Pat's Cafe around the corner, very cute and very good food. Did not like Joanies Diner too much. Noah at the front desk is the most knowledgable of all of the staff. He is there on weekdays. The weekend guys are nice, but don't know too much about restaurants. Parking is easy and FREE! Spaces a bit small, but there were always enough parking spots. They have a 2 level garage. This is an ideal nieghborhood. Yes, Little Italy (try Golden Boy Sicilian Pizza) and Fishermans Wharf are only a few blocks away. Trader Joes, In N Out, Cost Plus, Cable Car, Barnes &amp; Noble are a few blocks away.CA Academy of Sciences, too crowded to enjoy, go to the Exploritorium instead. Ok, about the biking accross Golden Gate Bridge - the bike shops down play the difficulty level. The bike path is not identified well at all. I would not recommend for child under 10 or an adult not fairly fit. It is quite a trek to get there, about 4 hilly miles and then once you are on the bridge, it is very noisy and stressfull with all of the cars etc.. Better to drive and park nearby and then walk on bridge and take a few photos. When I saw the nieghboring hotels (Hilton, Sheraton, Marriot, Holiday Inn) I realized what an insane bargain this is. Same nieghborhood, bigger room with free parking. This is a no brainer - stay at the Columbus Motor Inn, it is absolutely wonderful.	
Nov 21 2008	Will stay here again!!	Because of the great reviews, we decided to give it a try. Great place!! CLEAN....no pets and no smoking! It is a couple of blocks away from the wharf hotels. I requested a refrigerator, 3rd floor room away from Columbus Avenue (it can get noisy so management advised me to take a room away from the street if you are a light sleeper) and late check in.....everything was as requested. I think the room was a nice size compared to some of the other hotels. We arrived late in the evening, a Denny's restaurant is several blocks away in the Holiday Inn. Joanie's Happy Days Diner is approximately 3 blocks away...great breakfast. Cable car turn around close by....everything in walking distance. The FREE parking is a plus! The wharf hotels were $100 more a night...you get your monies worth at Columbus Motor Inn!!!	
Nov 9 2008 	Excellent Location Good Price Great Parking	I highly recommend the Columbus Motor Inn if you are visiting or shopping in downtown SF, Fisherman's Wharf, Nob Hill, North Beach, etc. It is within 3 blocks of Ghirardelli Square, the Buena Vista and the cable car terminal. The room we had was very nice (Room 302) with a large flat screen TV and a large bathroom. We could see Alcatraz and Coit Tower from this 3rd floor room.. The very best part of the hotel is the FREE on-site parking. This is very convenient and safe. The safe, although not overly friendly, was vary efficient and competent.	
Nov 5 2008	Clean Motel with Free Parking	Columbus Motor Inn is a plain, clean motel with a very easy, in and out, free parking lot on the street level. No valet parking because it isn't needed. II's economical for anyone who needs a car while in SF. We stayed for 5 nights. A couple of the nights were a bit noisy very late because of a nearby night club. It's a good place to stay for experienced travelers who don't need a lot of coddling from the staff although the front desk people were quite pleasant. It's a motel, not a hotel.	
Nov 1 2008 	Only Feather pillows available. So bring your own or sleep without.	I am at the hotel as I type and I am some what disappointed in this place. We have had some problems contacting the front desk as no one answers and when they do say they will call right back and no one ever does, had same problems when trying to book the room in the first place no answer. The rooms are very large and clean but when I looked at the pillows they are all feather so we called the front desk they pulled out 5 options for pillows but all were feather I am allergic to feather as and it is too late to go out and purchase a new pillow, that i will in turn have to leave here since it will not fit in my luggage. So i am having to waste money on a pillow . I am looking at finding a new hotel now and that is a pain or i can sleep with a rolled up towel. I guess feather allergies are not common in this hotel.	
Oct 27 2008 	Fantastic location	I don't have a single complaint about our stay. The room was clean, comfortable, and modern...complete with a flat-screen TV. And for the girls...there IS a hairdryer in the room!We didn't have a whole lot of interaction with the staff other than toward the end of our stay, but they were very accommodating, even calling a cab to take us back to the airport when we were running late on the last morning of our stay.My only comment (and the reason for four stars instead of five) is that while the Columbus Motor Inn is incredibly close to Fisherman's Wharf and other San Francisco attractions, it is not close to a major BART stop. If you plan on using public transportation instead of a taxi, plan on figuring out the bus schedule beforehand because it'll come in handy.	
Oct 26 2008 	A Real Gem	After reading the reviews on Trip Advisor, we decided to give this place a try, and I must say that it exceeded our expectations. We had a lovely room with a balcony overlooking Columbus Avenue. The bed was very comfortable and we enjoyed the flat screen TV. Our room was clean, and the staff was very friendly. We were within walking distance from Fisherman's Wharf, Alcatraz Tours, Chinatown and a short bus or cable car ride from many other attractions. The only thing lacking was an in-room frig. The free parking was wonderful and a real savings. We will definitely stay here again next time we are in San Fran.	
Oct 15 2008 	Excellent Quality Value	After reading all of the positive reviews, I decided to give it a try. We only needed one night in the city, and also wanted the hotel well/centrally located. The reviews were right on - very reasonably priced with the free parking, rooms exceptionally clean (cleaner than more expenisve places I've stayed) and the rooms seemed quite quiet. Right around the corner from the cable cars which made it fun and convenient to get downtown, and just a few blocks from Fisherman's Wharf (which disappointed me, way too tacky, overpriced/horrible food)...but a lesson learned at least! We plan to go back for a much longer stay and we would likely stay there again. Conceriage/desk (Noah) was truly helpful as well.	
Oct 6 2008	Good location	I have to say that the 3:00 check in is a little ridiculous. I arrived at the hotel at 2:00 and knew about the 3:00 check in. I did my paper work and told the guy at the front desk I would go to Wharf ,eat and come back to take my luggage to the room. I returned at 2:55 and he had to call and see if the room (1st floor) was ready. I had to wait ten more minutes. The room is nice and clean and the tv and bed did help the stay, although the pillows need to be sent out to pasture. Don't take the pillow case off until the day you leave.For future stayers, I would not recommend staying in the corner area where 107 is. There are four doors right at each other. If door slamming does not bother you at night, then never mind.	
Sep 28 2008 	Nice Value	Hotel was in a good location for walking to cable cars, the Wharf, and Pier 33 for Alcatraz Tours. Everywhere else we wanted to go was reached by car, also made easy because the parking at Columbus Motor Inn is free, which is a big plus. The reception staff was very friendly. Would have been nice to have a mini fridge and microwave, but otherwise, it was a very nice place and would stay again.	
Sep 26 2008 	silver anniversary	Great location for walking to fishermans wharf or downtown. Terminus for the street cars just across the road. Had the 2 room suite 2 doubles in 1 room, 1 double in other room. TV in both rooms. View from the window was great. Would reccomend 3rd floor room facing columbus ave as you get the views. Newly decorated and car parking as well.	
Sep 24 2008 	Free Parking!	Free parking with terrific location for sight seeing. We walked or took cable cars everywhere. Had a 2 bedroom suite with flat screen tv in both rooms. Very,Very Comfy bed. Room was clean, staff friendly and helpful, price reasonable. Could not ask for anything more. Will definitely stay here next San Francisco trip.	
Sep 12 2008	Excellent location and value for money	Booked the motel direct by calling from the UK and got the same deal as found online. The location was superb for a first time visitor to San Fran, the check-in staff friendly and the room luxurious - comfortable bed, large TV, large bathroom etc. Transport links were good as well (near to bike hire, trams etc). We had a room at the front (on the road) so it was quite noisy so I would recommend trying to get a room at the back. I would highly recommend this place as somewhere comfortable to stay in San Fran.	
Sep 6 2008 	best buy for price	despite some negative reports we booked here anyway. free parking location to public transportation and conditions of accomadations were better than anticapated staff was very helpful our 4th stay in sf staed at waterfront sir francis drake and found for the money was a much better deal much has been made about cont breakfast even tho you had to take your choices to your room it servged the purpose yes i would absolutely stay again george canton ma	
Sep 2 2008 	Location Location	Apart from paying a fortune for a view of the Bay it is difficult to imagine a better location for the first time visitor to SF. Rooms are a reasonable size, clean and well furnished. Whilst it offers very little in the way of extras, (no pool or restaurant) the area has many bars and restaurants all within about twenty minutes walk and the added bonus of free parking is great given a daily cost of about $40 elsewere.All in all difficult to beat for a 3-4 day visit with the family.Incidentally unlike some reviewers we found the front desk staff very friendly and helpful.	
Aug 31 2008 	No Problems	Stayed here for a few nights in August, not a fancy motel, but perfectly adequate. Clean and room was quite big. Parking fine. Good location, you can walk to the piers , and other way to some good resturants. You can believe the comments from Trip advisor, used past comments to book all our accomodation in Amercia for 3 weeks, and I had no problems more or less.Turn left out the motel, you come to a cafe called &quot;Joanies&quot; great breakfasts available there.Fishermans Wharf brash and very busy, but it was August, hop on and off buses great, booked that and Alcatraz from England. You need to book the island at peak times, many people were turned away as they were fully booked.Would recommed this motel.	
Aug 29 2008 	Walk to Fisherman's Wharf	As others have said, this is a great little place within a few blocks of the Fisherman's Wharf area. It is clean and well kept, and the staff were very good. Noah at the front desk was very informative and up on the weather around the bay area as well. We stayed here two different nights in one week, before and after our travels into wine country, and were very satisfied. We chose The Columbus Motor Inn rather than some possibly bigger named places because of the price, but more for the assurance that we would have a parking space at our hotel and not have to search the downtown streets for parking, or pay some outrageous fee to park after we already were paying the hotel. What a great decision as parking was a real PITA in the city, everywhere. If you could find parking on the streets, most of it was metered, and some questionable. If you were lucky to find a safe looking garage, it was expensive. On the wharf they wanted $7 per hour, so we just walked from the hotel! Factor that into your decision. The rooms were comfortable and the flat-screen TV was nice as well. I'll make this one of my favorite places for certain! I'll post a picture taken from our room looking down Columbus toward the pyramid and the Coit Tower.	
Aug 24 2008 	Great Location	Columbus motor inn is a great place to stay in San Fran if you want to be close to Fisherman's wharf, Pier 39, and all the touristy activities. We had a King-queen suite for me, my husband, and our teenage boys. It was the perfect size for us and the room and beds had all been updated recently. Very comfortable room. No continental breakfast, but close to a Safeway where we picked up bagels and donuts each morning. Free parking too. Would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 19 2008 	average motel in good location	My husband our two teenagers and I went to california for two weeks and stayed at 4 differant motels from san fran to san diego. I use trip advisor as a reference before booking and if you are doing the same trust me the reviews are very accurate so no surprises when you arrive.. the columbus motor inn is in a good location clean and the free parking is the bonus here. Other then that it was very basic and not much of an impressioin was made on us. the room was very small for 4 of us. we had no view but I did not ask for a specific room. go up to the roof top for a nice view. we thought the maid service was terrible. One woman for the whole 3rd floor and she didn't get to our room twice out of 5nights. we loved the location. within walking distance to wharf and north beach with great dining options. I choose it for the price and location and knew it was basic. If you are looking for the same stay here if you want more keep looking.	
Aug 14 2008 	A great find - wonderful hotel and location!	I almost regretted picking this hotel when we arrived after driving a couple of hours. We did arrive early around 11:30 am and upon entering the lobby, the desk guy (I didn't get his name, unfortunately) was I felt a little bit rude and made a comment, &quot;We don't have that room available. Don't you know our check-in time is 3:00? You are too early. You have to come back then.&quot; I was a little shock with his tone. If he said that in a nicer manner, I think I wouldn't have been so worried. BUT, he did allow us to leave our car in the parking lot without checking in. The parking is free - a HUGE plus since I noticed that many of the nearby hotels were charging anywhere from $30 to $40 a night. When we returned at 3:00! The same man checked us in and he was pleasant so maybe I took his comment to the wrong way. All in all, we were very pleased with our room. It was spacious and clean and appeared to have been renovated recently. They have a flat screen TV, a great plus for husband and kids! All major cable channels seemed to be available. The location can not be better. Walking distance to the Fisherman's Wharf/Pier 39 and Ghiradelli Square. The cable car stop is only a block away and bus stop right outside. The front desk staff for both nights/3 days was very helpful (even the first guy). They were even able to point out a laundromat a couple blocks away. Very helpful for us! We noticed that if you want to ride the cable cars, best times are before 9:30 am when the lines start wrapping around the turntable. We were the first in line when we got there at 9:00 am. I shopped around many of the hotels in this area and I must say for a nice, clean room at a great price, this is the place. We all enjoyed our stay and we will probably stay here again.	
Aug 11 2008 	Great find in SF	A real find in a great location in a great city. Located in North Beach, within walking distance of Fisherman's Wharf and great restaurants. Free parking, spacious and well-appointed room. No lobby. Ask for rear room if you prefer quiet to a view.	
Aug 9 2008 	Great location free Parking 	After extensive research on the internet and tripadvisor I decided the Columbus Motor Inn would be our hotel in San Francisco for 3 nights at 155,- USD/night. Mainly because of the good rate since it was July 4th, great touristy location and especially because of the free parking! It can get really expensive and annoying if you have to pay for parking in San F.!Hotel was easy to find and we were surprised by the big garage and tiny 'lobby'! Makes sense though! Check-in was fast and friendly and we asked for a large &amp; quiet room. We were pleasantly surprised that our room was refurbished and looked nothing like on their internet home page (!) where rooms look a bit dated! Our room was a nice size and had two beds, a nice big flat screen TV, a desk, two chairs and even a safe! Also a big window that we could slide open, which was great! Bathroom was nice too but had a few dark hairs on the floor from the previous occupant, but that was the only negative issue. We asked the front desk clerk (Noah) re tours etc. and he was very kind and helpful! The hotel is a few minutes walk away from the action of the wharf area and on the way to the wharf there is also a Starbucks and a cable car station. Very close by the hotel you have some bars and an Indian restaurant. Like all other tripadvisor members I can highly recommend the Columbus Motor Inn!	
Aug 8 2008 	Ideal location and great value in SF	We were having a rough time finding accomodations in SF. We would find a great deal but then realize parking our rental car would cost us an extra $100. All of our problems were solved when we discovered the Columbus Motor Inn!The property is located very close to Fisherman's wharf and it sits on the #30 bus line which provides easy access to the rest of the bay area. Its also within easy walking distance to the cable car lines and some great eateries. On one of our days we took the 30 bus to the bart station and went to Oakland for the A's game. On the other day we walked a few blocks and hopped on the cable car which took us to Chinatown. From there we walked backed to the hotel taking in the Coit Tower and Lombard street along the way.Parking is free which is a huge plus in SF. Our room had two double beds and a flat screen TV which wowed the kids. The room was very clean and we had a nice view from both windows. The front desk staff were very helpful giving us dinner and breakfast recommendations as well as spelling out the mass transit options that were available. The only downside is the lack of a continental breakfast. However, again the free parking really made up for that.We would definitely stay at the Columbus Motor Inn again!	
Aug 7 2008 	Very decent place great location!	Stayed for 5 nights with my wife and 2 teenage sons. The 2-bedroom &quot;suite&quot; was perfect. Clean and neat, with large-screen flat-panel TVs in both rooms. No amenities outside the room, but location is a few blocks from Safeway and Trader Joes, as well as two cable cars. The bus right outside will get you to either end of the city. About 4 blocks from the wharf area. If you are getting the AAA discount, be sure to check the bill before leaving. Refridgerator was an extra $5/night.	
Jul 30 2008 	Great place to stay	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in July. I requested a room in the back and a mini fridge. I received both on check in. Our room was really big. It looked like it had been recently updated with new carpet and linens. The beds were extremely comfortable. There was a huge flat screen tv on the wall. This hotel was within walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf and some great restaurants. Only a few blocks from Lombard St.Front desk staff was really helpful, especially Noah. We took the #30 bus right in front of hotel to see the Giants play the Diamondbacks. We didn't have to change buses and we got back without a problem. Very easy.This is a great place to stay and I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 30 2008 	Like a great secret	My wife and I normally book on a website, but with the Bay Bridge packed and no laptop in hand, we said lets just stay in the city and pick a place as we drive by an area we want to stay in. What a great decision on Columbus. It was my wife's birthday, what a present for both of us. Newly remodeled room, extremely clean and spacious with a balcony looking right at coit tower. 42&quot; flat screen LG TV. Wolfgang puck coffee in the room, key coded safe, Very comfortable bed...etc etc etc for $145 and free parking...It doesn't get better~	
Jul 30 2008 	Wonderful value Great location	Our family of four just returned from a great stay at the Columbus Motor Inn. The location of this motel is perfect. We parked our car and never moved - easy walk to Fisherman's Wharf &amp; China Town. Motel staff was extremely helpful - early check-in and printing of airline boarding passes. Our room was very nice and very clean. Overall a fantastic place to stay!	
Jul 23 2008 	Hard to beat the Columbus Inn	great safe location on Columbus Ave, easy walk to Lombard St and Fisherman's Wharf. Free, secure, onsite parking, recently renovated rooms. Very spacious, our room had 2 Queen beds, a couch, even a flat screen tv! Comfy beds, clean bathrooms, parking, all for $150/night! No on site dining, but you are in San Fran, go out! Highly recommend it for the budget conscious traveler	
Jul 19 2008 	Super stay at the Columbus Motor Inn	My husband and I recently stayed at the Columbus Motor Inn for 2 nights. We had a fantastic stay.The hotel is really clean and the room we had (103) was very large.We arrived early and the hotel gave us an early check-in which we did not expect. Overall, I would not hesitate in recommending this hotel.	
Jul 16 2008 	Newly Refurbished motel on Columbus	We booked 3 nights here in early July based upon recommendations from tripadvisor. We are so glad we did as the location is excellent - an easy walk to Fisherman's Wharf, Ghiardelli Square, Pier 33 for Alcataz, the trams, in fact everything is close at hand. The added bonus is the free covered parking, all in clear sight of the reception area. Plus, all the rooms have been completely re-furbished with lovely plush bedding, huge flat screen TV, new carpeting etc and whilst there is no fridge in the room, there's an ice bucket and ice machine near the lifts. Great choicce and very reasonably priced too. Noah on Reception also deserves a mention for being so helpful with ideas for restaurants and sightseeing and also so welccoming. Thanks Noah.	
Jul 12 2008 	Great Value!!	We stayed for 2 nights, and it was better than we expected. Free parking (great bonus), nice neighboorhood with good restaurants and stores, if you need them walking distance, and very friendly service. Walking distance to Fishermans Warf . Good value.	
Jul 10 2008 	Great location	The Columbus Motor Inn makes a great base to explore San Francisco. My husband and I spent a pleasant week here with no complaints. It's not luxurious, but the room was clean and comfortable with a great view overlooking Columbus street. Thanks to the #30 bus outside the front door, the nearby F line, and cable car, you don't have to worry about fighting for parking in the city. Another huge bonus to this hotel if you have a car is the free parking. The first level garage was usually full, but the second level always had room.	
Jul 8 2008 	Great Bargain Clean Walking Distance to Fisherman's Wharf	This is an older modest hotel, but clean, well priced, staff helpful, free parking, and within walking distance of Fisherman's Wharf, Ghiradelli Square and Pier 39. Would definitely stay there again, good bargain, especially for San Francisco!	
Jul 6 2008 	The Columbus Motor Inn is terrific for families on a budget.	The Columbus Motor Inn is great place to stay for families. It is a short walk to Pier 39 and Fisherman's Wharf. There is a bus stop in front of the hotel, and one of the Cable Car stops is a block and a half from the hotel to take you to Union Square. (I would highly recommend picking up a 1-day or 3-day Muni Pass at the airport before your stay.) Also, there are a number of great restaurants just four or five blocks up Columbus Ave. In fact, the front desk manager, Noah, never steered us wrong for a great restaurant just blocks from the hotel. We stayed at the hotel with two other families, and we all have teenagers. They loved the place. The regular rooms were great for a family of four, and the suite was perfect for a family of six. For the price and location, you can't beat the Columbus Motor Inn!!!	
Jun 27 2008 	Great Stay	Great Hotel at a wonderful price for SF. Location was close to a variety of restaurants and within walking distance to the Wharf and Piers. Staff was very firendly and rooms were very comfortable and good size (king). Would stay there again.	
Jun 25 2008	Loved the Columbus Motor Inn..	After reading many great reviews of this hotel, we were not disappointed. We stayed there for six days and were really happy with the location. Very close to cable car stop, muni route and the Bike n Roll where we rented bikes. Also, a quick walk to Fisherman's Wharf.The room was newly renovated, a good size and quiet, in the back as requested. The carpet, flat screen TV, mattresses, pillows, everything was relatively new. The bath area was tiny because the hotel was older, but nothing they can do about that. For our family of four, we just rotated everyone in and out. It was totally worth it for the free parking, great location (for us) and the staff was helpful. There were great maps in the lobby and the staff gave us easy directions to get us on our way. Parking was also secured by security cameras viewable in the front lobby.	
Jun 20 2008 	As expected - great	As most of the other reviews state - this is a great gem. It's close to the Wharf. It's accessible to public transportation. It's located in a safe part of town. Not the Ritz, but if you need a clean place to stay at an affordable rate. Not much else to say - liked it a lot !!Would recommend the Hollywood Cafe on North Point for breakfast. Great portions, prices and service.	
Jun 17 2008	Location Location Location	This place is a hidden treasure. The price is right, they offer free parking which is key in San Francisco. Nothing fancy. Clean and very helpful help. You can walk to the Warf, parks and restaurants.	
Jun 15 2008	pretty much as expected	Booked here due to location and free parking. Three of us stayed three nights and everything was fine. No frills but then again room rate was great, the cheapest of the 6 hotels we stayed at on our trip.Room and bathroom were clean and functional. would stay here again.	
May 28 2008 	Great for the price	The place was better than we expected. Free parking and our room even had a balcony. The location was walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf, rooms were big and very clean. I would definitely recommend staying here.	
May 27 2008 	super location	this hotel was our last stop on honeymoon and the location was ideal. Based in Fishermans Wharf and a block away from the cable cars, Less than a 15 minute walk from pier 33 (where alcatraz tours depart).The rooms must have just been renovated - the carpets were new and everything was clean. I highly recommend the location for sightseeing as near all transport and with it's own parking.Staff were helpful with all local attractions and transport.	
May 22 2008	Good location and transport links free parking	Despite many recommendations on tripadvisor to stay in a hotel near Union Square, we chose this one between the wharf and the Italian quarter as we had a car (too much trouble and no cheaper to hand it in and re-hire for our onward journey) and there is free parking. San Francisco can be a little difficult to navigate but it wouldn’t put me off having a car.After visiting, we are glad we picked this location and prefer it over Union Square area which we visited both during the day and in the evening. If your main aim is shopping, Union Square may be more to your taste and Yerba Buena gardens area with the SOMA (well worth a visit) was lovely but the homeless situation is rather depressing (yes, I know it’s a part of every city but we were quite saddened by the sheer numbers here). We did find the wharf a bit tacky but enjoyed seeing the sea lions and it was an easy walk to the Alcatraz boat and to Fort Mason (there is a lovely park and community garden there). Italian North Beach is very close by and the cable car stops just around the corner and runs until well after midnight. We bought a 3-day pass for the cable cars, which also allowed unlimited transport on the buses and trams for $18 each – we thought this was good value considering a single one-way ride on a cable car costs an expensive $5 each.The hotel has covered parking and although there didn’t appear to be many spaces, the lot was never completely full. Access to the lobby is from the parking area and check in was quick and straightforward – there are maps available on the desk which are very useful and also give bus routes to some of the attractions you may want to visit – such as Golden Gate park which was fabulous (and the bridge of course). When making a reservation on the hotel website, we requested a room facing the street on the third floor but this floor was undergoing renovation so we were on the second story. Ice and cold drinks machine were available. The room was clean and a decent size, the bed and pillows were comfortable. There is a large flat screen TV together with coffee making facilities. There is no breakfast, but there are places nearby – unlike the previous review, we didn’t have a good experience with Pat’s Café (almost cold potatoes and bland, soggy omelette) but that’s subjective. There is a bowl of apples in the lobby in the mornings that may be enough for you to last for a couple of hours (we tend to get a bit tired of eating out for every meal when on holiday anyway and often just have either breakfast or lunch). All in all, we were more than happy with our choice of hotel for the price and would stay there again. The free parking bumps up the rating.	
May 11 2008 	Great motor inn!	We stayed here for 3 nights at the beginning of our 16 night tour of the west. I booked this property using the advice of fellow trip advisor travellers. The motel exceeded my expectations.We had rented a car from the airport and were able to park up for 3 days no problem in the free car park beneath the hotel. We went out early evening for a drive along the marina and were able to get a space on our return.I had requested 2 quiet rooms for our party of 5. The 2 bedroom suite was situated at the back with little view but very quiet. The other - our king room, was situated right by the elevator and the ice machine and on the front by the busy road (though had a view). I guess you win some you lose some. When I asked, we were told we could move rooms if/when one became available but we decided to stay put as we liked the room.Our floor, I think it was the 2nd floor, looked like it had been recently refurbed. Rooms were clean and spacious with large flat screen tv. We also had a little balcony, not that we had time to use it. Had coffee maker, ironing board and hairdryer.It was about a 5 - 10 minute walk to the bay, a little longer to reach pier 39. Would highly recommend Pats cafe for breakfast, just up the road slightly and to the left! Lots of Italian restaurants nearby. Cable car also just 5 minutes away.All in all would definately recommend this place, especially with the rates so low as they are. Great value.	
May 4 2008	Best deal in town !!!	The hotel was very clean and roomy. Everyone was very helpful, especially Noah.We were welcomed back from our day trips and greeted every morning. Thanks for a wonderful stay! Nancy &amp; Dennis from RI	
May 3 2008 	decent; smiles wanted	decent place to stay in san francisco. clean rooms. 10 mins walk to fisherman's wharf, &lt;5 mins to cable car station to union square. free parking. reasonable rates.best thing about the room: a large lcd t.v. (haven't seen one in other hotels of the same class/star-rating). front desk personnel were helpful and informative. just wished that they'd smile when talking to you. that would have meant a more pleasant experience. a word about fisherman's wharf.. the authorities need to do something about the homeless and the drunks that roam this place. had an incident that scared me [-]: a drunk entered the burger king restaurant I and my two young kids were in and started to harass the couple eating in the table next to where my kids were while I was in line at the counter. I had to rush to my kids' side as the drunk began challenging the only other 2 males beside myself to a fight. he was demanding that he be given food. good thing he was thrown out by the manager. geesh! by the way, this happened at around 7 pm.	
May 1 2008 	Best place to stay in San Francisco	Great place to stay in San Francisco. The location was very convenient. Right near bus and cable car lines as well as only a few blocks from Fisherman's Wharf. The hotel was clean and comfortable. Traveling alone as a young female can sometimes be a bit intimidating but I felt very safe in the hotel. Although I didn't have a car on my trip, I love the fact they have free parking which is a huge plus in a large city where hotels usually overcharge for parking. When I return to San Francisco I will most definitely be staying at this hotel again.	
Apr 29 2008	A wonderful San Francisco Hotel	I just spent 4 wonderful nights at the Columbus Motor Inn. What a great hotel. It is located only a few blocks from Fisherman's Wharf and in the other direction are the many wonderful Italian restaurants of North Beach. I had read several reviews at this website and I am thankful that I did. It is a great find for only $79 a night. The front desk fellow, Noah, was so helpful to us--gave us good suggestions and helped us to figure out the bus system. I would highly recommend this hotel--nothing fancy, but a great location, clean and helpful personnel.	
Apr 27 2008 	Great Value 	This hotel is a great choice for a number of reasons:1. Cost - very good priced hotel. We only paid $99 during the week and $116 on the weekend. Given the location, this is a great value.2. Location - Very easy walk to Fisherman's wharf from this hotel. It is on the edge of North Beach, so a few short blocks the other direction and you will reach the many Italian restaurants in the North Beach area. We walked back from China Town to our hotel and it was a nice leisurely walk and was not too far.3. Room size - the rooms are basic, but very large. Plenty of room for everyone to have a spot for their luggage. I was traveling with friends and the sink area is separate from the shower area which is much easier for getting ready in the morning.4. Staff - Front desk staff very helpful. They provided tips on places to go, booked a tour for us and arranged for our taxi to the airport.If you're looking for a basic hotel that is a great price and in a good location, look no further. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting San Francisco.	
Apr 12 2008	loved our stay	Arrived after a long journey, parked in hotel car park and walked into lobby to be greeted by Oscar, with not even a glance up, just the word 'name'. I had pre booked a refrigerator, but was told there wasn't one available until the morning. All in all, not a good start. Room had two double beds, small table with two chairs and wash basin outside bathroom, which was useful. All quite adequate, most importantly, clean!Next morning and each one after that we were woken up by someone vacuuming outside the room- not really early- we were lying in. Sure enough, a fridge was delivered to our room promptly that morning. We were in a room at the side of the building, overlooking the 'Bimbos' club. However, we had no issues with noise as we stayed midweek.Location was perfect. We walked almost everywhere- even to Union Square and back - although that was quite a distance. Had to drive down Lombard Street as we were leaving S.F. We loved San Francisco and thought this hotel represented good value for money, particularly as we didn't use the car from arriving to departing, so the free parking meant that we didn't have to either pay lots to park or take hire car back and rebook another one.	
Apr 6 2008 	No Frills Excellent Choice for the Money	We recently stayed (March , 2008) at the Columbus Motor Inn. Our family of 4 stayed in a Queen, Queen, sofa room. After reading the reviews, we were pleasantly surprised at the amount of space within the room. The motel was clean, quiet on the 3rd floor in the back and close to city transportation and fisherman's wharf. $264 total for 3 nights. Noah at the front desk was polite and helpful. I would definitely stay again.	
Apr 4 2008 	Great Location	We spent 7 nights in this hotel in mid March. We were first given a room at the front but my husband, who is a light sleeper, found it too noisy. We requested a change and this was done swiftly to the room opposite which was much quieter. The rooms are large and maybe a little dated but very clean and the bed was comfortable. The staff were very helpful and informative. When we returned back late one night too tired to find a place to eat Noah gave us some takewaway menus and we had pizza delivered within 20 minutes. This is unheard of in UK hotels who frown on people having anything in their rooms that wasn't bought on the premises!Location is excellent , cable car 1 block and bus stop outside. Buy a MUNI pass, we got our monies worth on a 7 day pass in the first two days.Out of the hotel and turn left you are 5 minutes from Fishernans Wharf, turn right and Columbius Avenue is full of resteraunts. Directly opposite is an Irish bar and Curry house combined!We didn't have a car this trip but next time we would definately take advantage of the free parking if we did. Last vistit to San Francisco we stayed at an upmarket hotel in Union square but found that location and friendlyness of staff were better at this hidden gem	
Mar 30 2008 	great location	I just came back from a California trip, stayed in san francisco for three nights at the columbus motor inn. I found the motel in a great location ,everything in walking distance, the staff extremely friendly and helpful. The room was spacious, but needs to be updated. The bathrooms are old looking and alittle mold growing along the windows in shower and ceiling. nothing offensive, but a little gross. Basically it is a clean facility, would stay there again. As i was checking out i was informed that they are renovating. the first floor is already done and they are currently working on the second floor. wish i knew that at time of booking, would have chose first floor. all in all a good value and find.	
Mar 28 2008 	Perfect location great deal	My family of four (two children, ages 8 and 5) stayed in a two-room unit for 6 nights. The location is PERFECT. We took the #30 bus to almost everything, and the cable car stop is close too. We ate breakfast at Pat's Cafe right around the corner. We were on the first floor facing a courtyard and did not hear any noise at all. Location was safe and quiet, and parking was free. The amenities were basic as far as linens and other room features, but adequate and clean. Our favorite dinner was at Macaroni Sciuè Sciuè - take the #30 bus to get there! I can not think of any reason to pay triple price somewhere else.	
Mar 28 2008 	Perfect location wonderful stay	We just came back from a 5 day stay at the Columbus Motor Inn in San Francisco. First of all, let me thank all of the Trip Advisor Members who stated this was a great place--we took your advise and went for it.the location is perfect, right on Columbus -- you can walk to all the major spots: North Beach, Coit Tower, Chinatown, Fisherman;s W., great restraunts....., cable cars, the Muni line is literally at the doorstep. Plus Safeway and Trader Joes if you need something.The front desk can answer any question.The hotel is being remodeled and so everything is new.And Free Parking!!!! a major Plus! Just park the car and experience SF on foot---you will not be disappointed.The only drawback is that we like to stay at places that have some breakfast snacks. the Columbus did not. But they have coffee makers to get you started( bring your own coffee though, theirs is weak) and their prices are lower then most other places in the area---so it was ok.	
Mar 22 2008	Great place for a GREAT price!	I booked over the internet and got a fantastic price ($79 a night for 2 beds), I had read reviews on tripadvisor so I was fairly confident that it would work out. I was with my 2 daughters, 11 &amp; 15, and they were nervous at first about the area since their dad wan't with us but after the first night they were fine. The room was very big (301, corner) and it was perfect for the 2 nights we were there, we all said we could have easily stayed there a week and not felt cramped. It was such a short walk down to Fisherman's Wharf that we felt it was the perfect location. We had 2 days in the city and bought the &quot;Wharf Pass&quot;, it gave us great things to do and we saw lots of the city for a good price. It gave us destinations instead of just wandering around. We also rented bikes from Blazing Saddles and biked over the bridge to Tiburon, don't believe the '16 miles' they tell you it is!! It was a wonderful ride but took longer than expected. Overall, our experience in the ciry was amazing and we can't wait to go back.	
Mar 16 2008	Location location location	Stayed here for our 30 anniversary. Loved it! Very clean and roomy. Had a little deck facing Columbus St. 1 1/2 blocks from cable car turnaround, and kiosk for muni passes $18.00 for a three day one, Get one! it is worth it as a single cable car ride is $5 one way. Free parking was a bonus, as the car did not move the four days we were there, as FW, and most other sightseeing things are not far away. Recommend the Alcatraz Tour. Excellent rate $79 a nite. Would defineately stay here again.	
Mar 16 2008 	If you are going to SF stay here	Booked the hotel direct following reading the the reviews on trip advisor. We were not disapointed. Room rates were excellent value paid less than $300 for a 3 night trip. Rooms themselves were well appointed and large. We had a Columbus facing room on the third floor, this had a balcony, so could watch the world go by in a morning, also had views over the bay and alcatraz. Free internet access in room was an added bonus, Other features, rooms cleaned daily and excellent locatation just 2 minutes away from fishermans wharf. Shower was great also, just what you need after a few beers the night before. Reception staff were very helpful also a couple of traditional US bars across the road was very handy. Will definately return to this hotel and would wholeheartedly recommend.	
Mar 10 2008 	Bargain at the Bay	Stayed 3 days in a King/Queen Suite at a $105 rate per night. With free parking and easy walking distance to the Wharf, North Beach, and Chinatown, it is hard to imagine how this deal could be beaten. Room was spacious and clean and the beds were comfortable. Noah was especially helpful and friendly at the front desk.	
Mar 3 2008 	Decent Hotel at Reasonable Prices	Stayed at the Columbus Motor Inn for 3 nights. We stayed in the 2 bedroom room. In the bedroom there was 1 double bed, dresser, and TV and closet. In the othe room (there was no door to this room so there is no privacy) there was 2 double beds. There is a TV, dresser, and a small table with chairs to sit at in this room. There is also a coffee maker located in the room. The bathroom is decent sized. The sink is separated from the toilet/shower. The room is OK in general. It was clean and there was daily maid service. We got facing Columbus and at night it was pretty loud --- between buses, cars, trucks it was noisy. The room could definitely use some upgrading and modernizing. But, given the price we paid it is a good value and decent place to stay. The best thing about this hotel is the free parking! It would be nice if they offered a continental breakfast, but that isn't a big deal. Free internet access is also very nice.The hotel is located about a 5 minute walk to the Powell Mason Cable Car turntable. I recommed buying a 3 day pass if you will be using the SF Muni trasit as it only costs $18. A one day pass costs $11. A one way ticket on the cable car is $5!!! So, a definite savings is to get one of the passes. Also, the number 30 bus stops right in front of the hotel and that goes up to China Town and Union Square. Also very convenient and the passes are good for the buses too.Fisherman's Wharf is about a 10 minute walk away. There is also a Safeway and Walgreens within 10 minutes walk.	
Feb 26 2008 	San Francisco	This hotel is ideally situated, it is very clean and cheap, we paid around £40 per room per night.There are 2 double beds, a tv, coffee maker, and good size bathroom, maid service is daily and towels etc changed as you want.There are drinks and ice machine on each landing.The concierge, Noah, was amazing, nothing was too much trouble for him, his knowledge of the area and the sites, travel routes etc was fantastic.I would suggest a day travel ticket as this then covers you for all transport, the cable cars are $5 one way, so much cheaper to buy day cards.the area of the hotel is populated with cafes, restaurants and pubs(there is an irish bar across the road)Visit Fishermans Wharf approx 10 minutes walk away.A cable car ride is a must and a visit to Alcatraz is well worth it (approx $25, book this on the internet before you travel as places can be hard to get at peak times)The Golden Gate was a little disappointing as more red than gold, but nice to say you have seen it.Buses are are great way of getting around, there are stops nearly every 100 yds, just hop on and off where you feel like it.	
Feb 4 2008 	Nice hotel for a decent price in a good location	Stayed here for 1 night with my girlfriend. We tried to book the room at the properties website, but they do not use SSL encryption(not safe for credit card and personal information), so we contacted them via phone. Got the same rate via phone as the one quoted online. Hotel has free parking which is definitely a perk. Hotel lobby is very small and located near the parking lot. Check-in was fast and easy. The room was spacious, but pretty bare. We had a tiny balcony that overlooked Columbus Ave and views of the Coit Tower. The room had free wired Internet, but the Ethernet cable was very short and could barely get the laptop on the bed, only long enough to have the laptop on the night stand. The room did not have a safe. The hotel did not offer any free breakfast. The hotel is 2 blocks away from the San Francisco Cable car terminus for the Powell-Mason line at Taylor and Bay Street, which is walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf. Fisherman's Wharf has several places for breakfast, such as a Denny's and IHOP, which is about a 5-10 minute walk away. The hotel is also 4 blocks from the famous Lombard Street (Crookedest Street). You can walk to this landmark, but be warned that you will have to walk up a steep hill to get to the bottom of Lombard Street. This was very exhausting, so those with health problems or pushing a stroller, try to avoid approaching Lombard Street this way. The staff was friendly and let us park our car after we had checked out for another 4 hours as we did some more sightseeing. Overall a nice stay and a good price for the hotel.	
Feb 3 2008 	Good for the price	Stayerd here for our last two nights on the west coast.We stayed in a king room on the street side (the quiet side of the hotel was sold out apparently).Street noise wasn't too bad, luckily I am a heavy sleeper.Room was very clean, functional and HUGE. Bathroom also very clean. Despite the older style of room and furnishings we found it to be a good choice for what we paid.A word of warning, make sure you do not get room near the ice machine, it was extremely loud and seemed to make lots of noise when ever we passed it.The location is excellent , far enough away from tacky Fishermans Wharf and right at the edge of the Italian section. So many fantastic restaurants and cafes.	
Dec 19 2007 	Great Place!	I have to say that I really enjoyed my recent 7 night stay at the Columbus Motor Inn. I decided on this hotel after reading the other good reviews on this site. I was still a little nervous though booking this hotel just because I wasn't sure what sort of condition the hotel would be in. I was looking for a place that was not too expensive yet still nice, in a good area, and clean. The hotel was all of that! The hotel is located in North Beach and maybe 2 or 3 blocks from Fisherman's wharf (you can walk there) and 1 block from the cable line (which will take you all the way down to Union square and other areas of the city) . There was also a Muni bus stop right in front of the hotel. The room we stayed in was large compared to other hotels in San Fran that I had stayed in. I was very relieved to see that the room and bathroom were extremely clean and well taken care of (I gross out easily if bathrooms are not clean). For $5 a day you can request a refrigerator (there is no microwave). We were on the 3rd floor facing Columbus avenue and our room was near a club called Bimbo's. If you are a light sleeper you may want to request a room on the other end of the hotel because you can hear music playing from the club at night (especially on Friday nights and the weekends). A huge bonus with this hotel is that there is free parking (very rare in this city)!! Some of the parking spaces can be a little tight to get into and the weekend we were there, a lot of the larger spaces were taken, but they do have two levels of parking. All of the front desk guys were nice and helpful whenever we had a question. There's a really good Indian restaurant across the street and a great place called Pat's Cafe a street over (the breakfast is yummy). I would stay at this hotel again. I was deciding between this hotel or the Chelsea Motor Inn, but I actually passed the Chelsea one day and I have to say that the Columbus Inn location is much better. I think you'll be happy with this hotel if you are not expecting anything fancy or upscale but just want a clean, safe place to lay down your head at night. P.S. I found really good rates on the hotels website. : ) And if you have time go to the Golden Gate Park (really beautiful and huge)	
Dec 12 2007 	great stay!	The motel is locate in the North Beach on the Colombus avenue, 2 blocks to the pier41. Nice and quite area, full of italian restourants and pubs. The room was perfectly clean with a big window on the colombus avenue.I stayed there for almost a week, very good.	
Nov 15 2007	You can't go wrong with this great place!	I highly recommend Columbus Motor Inn to everyoneplanning a trip to San Francisco. The prices were veryreasonable, there's free parking, nice rooms andan unbelievably cordial staff that was always anxiousto help us in any way they could.I was so glad to find such a wonderful place nearcable cars, the MUNI bus and within walking distanceto Fisherman's Wharf and fabulous North Beachrestaurants. I am really anxious to return to the ColumbusMotor Inn. If anyone has questions about San Franciscoplease email me at vincecastle@post.com and I willbe happy to give some valuable tips.	
Nov 12 2007 	Well Worth a Second Look!	We stayed at the Columbus Motor Inn from October 23-27, 2007, after selecting it from TripAdvisor hotels for San Francisco and based on other visitors' reviews. At first glance, we were somewhat dubious as the external appearance of the hotel belies the interior. It is an older style typical motor inn, the lobby is on the street level and very small and one enters the elevator through the lobby virtually off the street. However, don't let appearances deceive you!We had previously booked a King room on the 3rd floor at the back of the hotel, away from the ice machine, as suggested by a previous visitor and had no complaints whatsoever -- the room, although not luxurious, was larger than normal, very clean, and the halls were also very clean. It was particularly convenient that the bathroom sink was located outside the shower/toilet room which allowed both of us to get ready at the same time every day. Although the room looked out on a side street over a nightclub, we were never bothered by noise at night. Also, the price was extremely reasonable for San Francisco -- $122.00/night. The location is excellent for Fisherman's Wharf (about five blocks walking) and just around the corner is the end of the line for the Mason Powell cable car line which allowed us to travel all over where the cable cars run in the city -- there is a ticket booth right there too to buy visitors' passes which we strongly recommend -- we paid $18.00 each for a 3 day visitors pass allowing us unlimited travel on the cable cars, buses and subway (although we didn't use the subway) -- a great deal when you consider it costs $5.00 for a one way ride on the cable car! There is a #30 bus stop right outside the door also. There didn't seem to be many places to eat close by but that didn't bother us too much as we were usually out and about the city most days. The Inn does rent out small refrigerators for an additional $5.00 per day (which we took advantage of) so we were able to keep staples on hand for continental breakfasts in the mornings and snacks at night.Although we didn't have a car, there is free parking available at the Inn - a real bargain when you consider some hotels in SF charge $35.00 to $40.00/day!We would have no problem recommending anyone staying at the Inn particularly if you're in SF to see the sights!	
Nov 9 2007 	Hidden Gem	This is one of the last great bargain motels. They have a terrific location in North Beach and are within easy walking distance of Fishermans Wharf. Lots of excellent restaurants are within 15 minutes walking time. The cable car is minutes away and the motel has ample on-site free parking. The facility looks tired when you check in but the rooms are 3 star and more than adequate. Ask for a room overlooking Columbus Avenue...it can be noisy at night but magical in the early morning.	
Oct 14 2007 	Great LocationPrice and Free Parking	We visited the Columbus Motor Inn in early Sept. 2007 and stayed for three nights. We found our room to be larger than a typical hotel room, with a table and chairs, nice bathroom, and a view of the SF bay. The room was also very clean. The staff was helpful giving us directions and tour info. The best aspect of this Inn was the location. We were able to walk easily to Fishermans Wharf, the Pier for the Alcatraz tour, the famous cable cars, and numerous places to eat at reasonable prices. One of our favorites for breakfast and lunch was &quot;Pats Cafe&quot;, which was about one block from the Inn. We were also within easy driving distance to Golden Gate Bridge, Muir Woods and Sausalito.The price of the Inn was very reasonable at $135.00/ night, which included parking in a well lit garage. Other hotels close to Fishermans Wharf were much higher per night and did not include parking which ran $25-$35 per night plus your room rate. We did not spend alot of time in our room, but when your are in SF, who wants to hang out in your room when there is so much to see. If any of our friends go to SF, we will highly recommend they stay at the Columbus Motor Inn.	
Oct 7 2007 	GREAT LOCATION 	We stayed at the Columbus Motor Inn for 3 nights with my wife and 2 year old son. It was a great location, we walked to Fisherman´s Wharf (just 5 blocks..) clean rooms, and SUPER PRICE considering location. Staff wasn´t very helpful but at the location you don´t need more help. From union Square to the hotel the taxi was $8. Would stay here again.	
Oct 7 2007 	Can't Beat the Value	We found the Columbus Motor Inn through a few different Travel sites on the internet. It totally lived up to its reputation.It is certainly not the most luxurious place we have stayed, but the value can't be beat. Instead of dropping off our rental car and struggling with transport to and from the hotel, we parked for free and didn't need the car for the rest of our 4 night trip. Free parkingcompensated for transport to and from the airport..Our king sized room was spotless. The hallways were brightly lit and spotless as well.The desk staff was always willing to help. I was surprised to find a motel without a coin washer/dryer, but was directed to a laundrymat only 2 short blocks away.This motel is literally within walking distance of almost everything we wanted to see and what wasn't was an easy bus or cable car ride away.We used Bay City Bikes to bike the Golden Gate Bridge (Blazing Saddles is on the corner by the motel, but we read we would get better service at Bay City). There are discount coupons in various free tourist guides.We loved the City Guides walking tours we took.Dinner at Gary Danko was a great experience.	
Sep 25 2007 	Terrific Value ... Looking Forward To Going Back!	I couldn't believe that you could get this hotel in San Fran for the price, with free parking. We stayed last March for three nights, and the place was clean, comfortable, room big enough, good TV, free internet access and wonderful location for walking lots of places or catching cable cars/bus/trolley! Front desk was very helpful. We liked the Irish Pub/Indian restaurant across the street. Funky with great food. Our room had a balcony looking down over the street, and I enjoyed standing out there with coffee in the morning, watching the area come alive.I probably would not stay anywhere else next time. This place is such a great value, and we are constantly on the go ... I don't need a destination resort. Try it ... you'll like it! :-)	
Sep 12 2007 	A real gem	We took the advice of other trip advisor guests when selecting a hotel in San Francisco and were not disappointed with the Columbus Motor Inn. Firstly, because we were driving, the covered free garage was a real bonus. Having parked the car we didn't touch it till we left. Most other hotels in the area had a parking charge.Secondly, the location was ideal. It is literally a 5 minute walk to Fishermans walk and all the attractions in that area and only a 2 minute walk to the cable car terminus making it really easy to get downtown or elsewhere in the city.The reception staff were really helpful and always ready and willing to give advice to us first time visitors to the city.The room was spacious, clean and comfortable and for the price I cannot fault the hotel at all.For curry lovers there is an excellent Indian restaurant right across the street but plenty of other eating options within a short walk. We were only there for 3 nights so had to pick what we wanted to see and do but the 2 highlights of our visit were the Alcatraz trip which was an unforgettable experience and a bike ride across the Golden Gate Bridge. Picking the bikes up near to Fishermans Wharf, it was a gentle mostly flat ride to the bridge and an easy downhill ride on the other side to Sausilito where we caught the ferry back. A great way to experience this iconic bridge and a very pleasant way to spend the afternoon.I would highly recommend this hotel and would gladly stay there on any future visit.	
Sep 2 2007 	Top Value	This place may not look much on the outside, but the value we got from staying here far outweighs such superficial judgement.Great location and easy walks to Fisherman's Wharf &amp; one of the Cable cars start/stop, plus a bus stop right out the front door to take you to Union Square.The lift is small, but that's ok...it was working fine, we had a back room that was nice &amp; quiet. Comfortable room with queen beds, a hand basin/hair dryer outside the main bathroom/shower &amp; free internet access was a plus. Have I said how amazing the showers water pressure was? After a 16hr international flight, it felt divine! Room attendants did a thorough job each morning. Front desk staff welcoming &amp; helpful, though as others have already said - Noah was a standout, who gave great tips for breakfast (Pete's, just around the corner and Pergamino cafe - it's in the direction of the Wharf, opposite Holiday Inn) and a great Italian Restaurant just 5-10min walk away (I wish I took more notice of it's name...Noah will tell you about it!)If I was to ever return to San Francisco, I'd definately stay here again.	
Aug 25 2007 	Wow Wow Wow!	Took a chance and reserved 4 nights over the phone and was not dissapointed. Even added another night as we were so impressed. Clean, freindly staff, along with free in/out parking. No breakfast or room movies but then again great location steps from the Wharf, Chinatown, Lombard Street and Cable Cars, in a safe neighbourhood. Fantastic price for the location. Rooms were very well kept and quiet. we were in room 111.	
Aug 23 2007 	Great location value and free parking !	Excellent location, short walk to Fisherman's Warf, Lombard Street, Cable car turnaround and Italian section of San Francisco (recommend Michaelangelos - umm umm). We booked the 2 bedroom suite for our family and it was VERY roomy - quite a surprise for a big city downtown hotel. And the free parking was a definite plus in San Francisco. The only knock on the hotel is there is a lot of street noise. But if you are a sound sleeper, I recommend you book it.	
Aug 19 2007 	Good Motel great location - for Fisherman's wharf	We stayed here with my 22 month old daughter during our 3 days in SF. It was a clean, safe, good motel for us, well located in Fisherman's Wharf - within walking distance to tourist things ie restaurants, tours, Pier 39 etc. We were in a very quiet room (as requested) - room 309 - which pretty much had no view except for a wall across from us...but it was quiet so we were happy. The motel is near the trolley line and with a toddler, was well situated by the Pier - we went every night to watch the sea lions and to ride the carousel. Also we were able to go back for naps as we were close to lots of tourist things. After a few days the tackiness (sorry!) of the wharf started to get to us, but for a toddler it was good, and entertaining. I'd highly recommend the Musee Mecanique on the wharf - doesn't look like much, but my daughter had a great time dropping quarters into the old fashioned arcade theatres and watching the puppets etc dance. We also did the 1 hour trolley tour, and loved Golden Gate park - in the huge playground section. SF with a toddler (at least our high-energy toddler) is a different kind of trip, so we tried to embrace that and go with the flow.	
Aug 19 2007 	Incredible value for money !	Very well situated, at walk distance of the Wharf, Chinatown and North area + free easy to access parking. Room looks like a standard Best Western one, nice with nothing special. Ask for a back room, you will avoid Columbus street noise and get a great view on Coit tower.	
Aug 14 2007 	A Terrific Find	We chose this hotel based on other travelers' positive reviews, and it really exceeded our expectations. Not only did we get a fantastic deal, but the hotel has free garage parking -- a rarity in San Francisco -- and is wonderfully located between Fisherman's Wharf and North Beach. We could catch cable cars 2 blocks away. This is a smaller property tucked in beside the Marriott and Radisson and other large hotels. It shares their great location, within easy walking distance of Fisherman's Wharf, Pier 39, Aquatic Park, and Ghirardelli Square. Our room was clean and very comfortable, and Internet access was available. Great restaurants, fish markets, shopping, Bay cruises, a sea lion colony, and many other attractions are just a few blocks away. Cable cars are easily accessed. The Columbus Motor Inn is an economical and comfortable alternative to the larger chain hotels, with many of the same in-room amenities. We would happily stay there again and are glad to recommend it.	
Aug 12 2007 	Great location!	My husband and I and our two boys (ages 6 and 10) stayed at the Columbus Motor Inn for two nights while vacationing in the San Francisco area. We arrived at 11:30am and asked if we could leave our car in the structure while we went sightseeing (even though check in wasn't til 3:00). The front desk clerk was very friendly and told us we could park there. We saved so much money in parking and avoided the hassle of finding a parking space!! We requested a room on the 3rd floor (which was recommended by people on Trip Advisor) and were very pleased with our room (#308). It was a large room, clean and very quiet.The front desk people were VERY helpful with directions and recommendations for breakfast...Pat's and Joanie's were both very good!The location was great... very walkable to Fisherman's Wharf, Lombard Street, Ghiardelli Square. Chinatown was a bit of a walk but it would have taken longer to take the trolley...the lines were long. We went to the Giant's game and upon the recommendation of the front desk, took the bus which stopped right outside the door and dropped us two blocks from the stadium. The bus was crowded but we saved $40 in parking!!!We would highly recommend the Columbus Motor Inn!!	
Aug 11 2007 	Favorite Budget hotel with free parking!	My husband and I stay here every time we visit San Francisco. But last month I stayed here with a daughter and two granddaughters. They all loved it. The room was large, clean and quiet and the best part is still the parking.With free parking, no valet fees either, it is so easy to take your car out for the day. We did this twice, something almost impossible in other hotels.The location is between Fisherman's Wharf/Pier 39 and North Beach. Perfect for walking these areas.Views vary from room to room, my preference being on the street side on the third floor with a very small balcony. Down the street, towards North Beach, there is a wonderful little cafe on the corner with internet connections, fabulous cappuchinos, bagels and sandwiches.The price changes according to time of year and days of week, but we generally get a great rate here of under $100 a night.	
Aug 7 2007 	Great location	We stayed 2 nights in a 2 bedroom suite early July. Free parking was a real bonus. Hotel was clean, efficient, spacious and in a great location with easy access to all major tourist areas. We thought price was very reasonable for a major city (the $/£ rate helps though!). Only downside was the elevator being broken as we were on the 3rd floor.	
Jul 30 2007 	OK for price	Stayed July 20 through 22nd. Booked primarily due to good reviews, low cost and free on-site parking. Location is also good if you want to be in the vicinity of FW. Parking lot is small with tight spaces. Hint - second level lot is located off the alley between the Inn and Bimbos - always seemed to be a space or two. Front desk was fine. Elevator was functional when we were there but slow and made various noises. Room was fine and clean. Bed confy but the pillows were very small and not many of them - minor issue really. Nothing fancy, but certainly fine for the money. View out of window was of sign on top of Bimbos with St. Peter and Paul Church in the distance - interesting photo opportunities. Paid $135 night plus taxes. Would not hesitate to stay here the next time I am in San Francisco.	
Jul 28 2007 	Great Value for San Francisco	We'd been looking forward to our trip for 6 months and found this hotel through TripAdvisor. At the time I was looking, it seemed too good to be true, but WHERE in SF can you find a hotel so reasonably priced? After 10 hours of flying and a tricky drive from San Jose we arrived to be told that our reservation was &quot;short&quot; by one day, however we were told not to worry - we WOULD have a room for the &quot;extra&quot; night. Only problem we experienced - elevator wasn't working and we initially couldn't find a parking spot. Both problems were solved by staff quickly. The room we were given was spacious, CLEAN, with comfortable beds and bathroom facilities. We loved the idea of conserving linens as well. The hotel is close to EVERYthing from Lombard Street to Ghiardelli Square &amp; Fisherman's Wharf as well as little bistros and shops. Staff was very helpful with directions and transportation modes. We did have to move to another room on the final night of our stay and found that the new room was just as clean and inviting as the original. For having 2 rooms in the same hotel with the same level of cleanliness, I definately vote this as a great place for the family to stay..	
Jul 24 2007 	Good location really bad service (only Noah at front desk is bad)	I have to say. .Noah at the front desk. .very rude to my friend and I. I noticed a big difference between how we were treated versus other people who weren't asian. Get this. .neither of us are fobs. .ie.speak with an accent. Here's how it went. .we came there. .and all my friend did was ask a simple question. &quot;Are there bus lines running nearby?&quot; His nasty response. .&quot;of course there are. &quot; There was a long pause before he went to talk about the bus lines. .but he said &quot;of course there are&quot;. .in a of course there, you idiot tone of voice. He answered our questions, but in a smart-alecky tone of voice. .and to top it all off, said &quot;You're welcome&quot; to us. .when he handed us the room keys. .as if we're supposed to thank him for being an [--]. Sure, the other people that said exceptional service. .that's if you're white, maybe, you'll get exceptional service. Or just maybe non-asian.	
Jul 19 2007 	Great Service! Great Location!	The Columbus Motor Inn is in walking distance to both North Beach and Fisherman's Wharf. The Service at the front desk was exceptional, the parking is free, and the room was very nice and comfortable. Our only complaint was that the doors of the rooms slam really hard, so once your neighbors leave their room, you will likely be woken up.	
Jul 17 2007 	Great location great price and free parking!	I booked the hotel as price, location and room was a factor. The reviews seemed good as well. We have three children and most hotels do not allow 5 people per room. In addition everything in San Francisco tends to be expensive and you need to add parking on top of it.I called the hotel directly and booked a &quot;family suite&quot;. It was $189 a night including parking. I honestly wasn't expecting too much, but was pleasantly surprised. Noah checked us in. He was very helpful with any and all questions and the ones he was unsure of he hopped on the computer and found the answer for me.The elevator was out for our stay - but it was okay. We were on the first floor and the bell hop carried all of our bags to the room. They even delivered a roll away bed.We were shocked at how large the room was, especially for San Francisco standards. It had a large room with two double beds and a table and chairs. There was a second room with a door that had a queen bed and enough room for the roll-away. We had plenty of room to move about and bed times were very easy having a door to close.I was also impressed with the cleanliness. I always push the bed up against the wall since I have a little one sleeping in bed with me. Normally I am rather disgusted at what accumulates under the bed that rarely gets cleaned. This time - it was spotless - made me very happy.The decor is a bit dated, but it really reminds me of &quot;grandma's house&quot;. The lights, the wallpaper, etc. reminds me of going into my grandmas dining room/living room area. The bathroom is nothing to write home about - but it had good water pressure and HOT water.The location was great. A very easy two block walk to the cable car stop on Taylor &amp; Bay, bus stop right outside to catch the #30 to the Exploritorium and an easy walk to the Cannery, Fisherman's Wharf and not bad walk to Chinatown.Downside: Being right on Columbus the room was a bit noisy - especially if you are not used to city noise - but we all slept very well. Also the other employees who worked the front desk were nice enough, but not very knowledgeable of the city or public transit. They also seemed to be computer illiterate. but with that said - for the price you can't go wrong.I would definitely stay here again when we return to San Francisco.	
Jul 15 2007 	decent hotel	As others have said, this place is nothing special, but for the price and location, it's actually very special. The actual room is a perfectly adequate budget motel room, except that our room had a view of coit tower, transamerica building, and the rest of downtown sf. From what I could see, other more expensive hotels near the area probably can't claim to have the view that we did. And that also means that you can walk to all kinds of great places and take the bus to others. Now if the kind people at the Columbus could only bring some sunshine and warmth to the city, then you would really have something.	
Jul 13 2007 	Well Located	This hotel was well located. Short walk to fishermans wharf. Nice and handy to all of the wonderful restaurants on Columbus Ave. Reception staff were helpful and friendly. Free parking was a real bonus. Managed to park at the front of the motel on all occasions and felt comfortable with the security of the car. Rooms were quite good, bed was reasonably comfortable. All round good value!	
Jul 13 2007 	Family Holiday June 2007	We booked this Hotel because of the reviews we read. Well I'm please we did as it turned out to be great. Its a great location, price $109-$135, comfortable and clean plus has PARKING for FREE. If we are lucky enough to go to San Fran again we will definitely stay there.	
Jul 12 2007 	Wonderful stay great place	Our family stayed at The Columbus Motor Inn July 2nd to July 5th.It is a very nice place, clean, very friendly staff, housekeeping did a wonderful job.It's with in walking distance to alot of things, Fishermans Wharf, Pier 39, and the place to catch the ferry to Alacratz, Little Italy, you have a bus stop right outside the hotel, very convenient. If you can be there on The 4th of July you won't be disappointed with their fire works, they are the best we have ever seen.I hope to go back someday.	
Jul 3 2007 	San Fran on a budget	A great little motor inn just 6 blocks off of Fisherman's Warf. We stayed from 6/27-6/30. It was a great location for seeing San Francisco and was extremely well priced at $135 a night. We were able to walk to Little Italy and the Warf for dinner. The cable car is located one block away and the bus stops right in front. It is nothing fancy but it was clean and quiet. Rooms are very basic in furnishing. There is not a view but with our travels, we were not in the room except to sleep and relax a little. The neighborhood was very safe. No restaurant on site but Pat's Cafe was a short walk for an outstanding breakfast that was cooked to order. It was an 8 block walk to Little Italy which had wonderful street side cafe's. You must try The Stinking Rose if you visit the city, it was a truly wonderful restaurant.	
Jun 27 2007 	good location fair price	We visited in early May 2007. This place turned out to be a good baseif you're okay with walking. (There was a bus stop nearby and cable car lines were a couple of blocks away, if you like that better.) It was only a few blocks to the Fisherman's Wharf area and not too far a walk to Chinatown. Our room faced Columbus Ave. It was a clean and quiet place, and the room was big with a small balcony. The front desk staff were courteous and helpful and offered to book tours for us, and offered dining tips. It's not in the main vicinity of Fisherman's Wharf. It was far enough to be out of the noise and bustle, but close enough to walk there quickly. It was a good location for the majority of the Fisherman's wharf attractions.	
Jun 24 2007 	Excellent deal!	Excellent deal in San Francisco. Good price, very clean, nice staff, convenient to many attractions. Will stay again!	
Jun 20 2007	Cheap but not super clean!	Granted, this is a wonderfully cheap hotel, but you really do get what you pay for. We had a suite for 3 nights and found it to be ok, except that the interior was horrribly outdated and the room could have used a really good cleaning. We found hair in several places throughout the room. They weren't ours, either. Im not sure if this experience is different in the non-suite rooms. I use the term &quot;suite&quot; loosely, because I think we only paid about $130 per night. It was a small room. It just happened to have to small bedrooms. The good: Excellent priceExcellent locationFREE parking The Bad:Outdated 70's decorQuestionable cleaning practicesOld, unformortable beds. So, in this case, the price does match the quality. If you value the luxuries of life, this is not the place for you. But, if you're looking for a cheap place in a good location, I would still recommend this hotel.	
Jun 20 2007 	good deal for location	this inn is close to fishermans warf and has free parking. the rooms are what you would find in an average motel. they were clean but nothing to write home about. overall a good deal in an area filled with overpriced hotels.	
May 31 2007 	Recommended	Wife and I stayed 3 nights, 17, 18, 19 May, room 307. Very clean. Reasonable rates. Noah at front dsk very helpful and friendly. Room was on side of motel away from Columbus Ave, (was asked preference upon checking in.) Great view of Coit tower and Transamerica building, cathedral. Easy walk to Fisherman's Wharf, and lots of restaurants down Columbus toward downtown. Bus stop right outside the parking lot. Motel is one block from a cable car line in one direction, 2 blocks away in opposite. Covered free parking was a big plus. Lombard street section that all the tourists want to see is a couple blocks to the west, but uphill. Would definitely stay here again if in the area.	
May 22 2007 	great budget choice	Stayed for four nights at end of April. Room was on first floor, and was spacious and clean. Fishermans wharf is a short stroll away and neighbourhood seemed safe at night. With free wifi and parking to boot, this is a bargain of a place to stay and I would stay here again next time I visit SF.	
May 15 2007 	Clean room free parking	We stayed at the Columbus Motor Inn for 2 nights. The place is very clean, has friendly staff, and free parking. Our room was on the 3rd floor and quiet, the elevator sounds a bit rickety but works fine. The motor inn is in walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf, North Beach, and Lombard St.. We enjoyed our stay would go back. If your looking for an inexpensive place to stay that is clean and convienent I would recommend this place.	
May 13 2007 	Great base.	Travelled from the UK at the end of April and needed a SF base for a few days before driving round the rest of the state. This Motor Inn ticked all the boxes really without breaking the bank, provided free secure enough parking, rooms clean and a nice enough size, reservations handled efficiently and best of all location was excellent, was a great base for those new to the city as it is within easy walking distance of Fishermans Wharf, Lombard Street, Coit Tower etc.Also has a bike rental shop next door which provided the highlight of our SF experience, cycling across the Golden Gate	
May 7 2007 	A GEM of a Motor Inn	OK , Lets start with the parking included, no extra charge like the rest of the places I've tried, The rates, Great, a place i can afford to stay at without going broke.The people&gt;&gt; helpfull in every aspect, rooms very clean and comfortable, room cleaned every day. Only 10 min walk to fishermans wharf, 5 min to cable cars. some reviews say the street side with balcony was noisy, our room on third floor, NO PROBLEMS. To every one at the Motel, Thank You, It was a pleasent 6 days.	
Apr 23 2007 	Great location fantastic price	We stayed at the Columbus for 3 nights early April, booking with the hotel directly via their website for a Suite with 1 Queen bed and 2 doubles - non smoking. We requested a high floor room and were allocated Room 215 which faced Columbus Avenue and was located on the 2nd floor at the very end of a long corridor. At first I was apprehensive about having a room facing Columbus Avenue as I am a light sleeper and have read past reviews about the traffic noise but I was not kept awake by the street noises at all, however, as we were there from a Friday night to a Monday morning, the traffic noise may be different on a weekday.We found the Suite to be very clean and it was great to have individual air conditioning units in each room. When we woke each morning we put the air conditioners on and the rooms quickly heated up. (We found it a bit chilly in the mornings)Sure, the furniture is not ultra chic and of modern design, however there was plenty of drawers and wardrobes if you wanted to unpack. All the furniture was a dark timber, almost antique design and was not shabby at all. The queen bed was located in a seperate room from the two doubles which allowed privacy. The bathroom was clean and free of mould etc with the shower located over the bath and toilet located in same room. The water pressure of the showe was fantastic and we did not find the shower head too low at all as previously reported and husband is 6' 2'' tall. It was good to have a large vanity and basin located just outside the bathroom with a hairdryer.There is a very large ice machine on each floor located next to the elevators. It might be wise to not get a room near this area as the ice machine was really really noisy all the time. It seemed to be constantly churning over the ice and sounded like it was about to take off into orbit it was so noisy !!We did go to Pat's Cafe once for breakfast which is located in a nearby side street but we found the menu very limited and a bit expensive. We then discovered a Cafe on Columbus Ave, heading 3 blocks towards Fishermans Wharf &amp; across the road from The Holiday Inn. The Diner/Cafe (sorry can't remember the name) had alot more variety with very good prices and with alot locals dining there also. Located next to the Diner was an Internet Coffee Shop, we used the internet here to pre-checkin for our flight on Southwest Airlines and they also printed the Boarding passes for 50cents per page.The Columbus Inn was a fantastic find in a great location for a truely great price and we easily walked to Fishermans Wharf, Lombard Street and to the Pier which the ferry for Alcatraz tours leaves from and we caught the bus which leaves outside the hotel to Union Square and then caught the Cable Car back.I had originally booked a hotel in Union Square but then changed my mind and booked the Columbus Motor Inn mainly for the great price and for the additional bedroom and I was so glad that we didn't stay at Union Square as my husband and 2 teenage sons were not at all interested at shopping at all so I was glad we settled for a hotel that was close to Fishermans Wharf and the attractions that are in that area,.When I pointed out to them the hotel that I had originally booked at Union Square they were all so relieved that I made the accommodation change to the Columbus and so was I.We also could not fault the professionalism of the Front Desk staff who were always ready to provide information and maps of the area. We also arrived 3 hours earlier than check-in time and our room was ready which was really nice after a long 13 hour flight from Australia.Our stay at the Columbus Motor Inn was made purely from reading the reviews on Tripadvisor and we were not dissapointed at all. We would stay here again without hesitation.	
Apr 19 2007 	Great deal	Found this place via Tripadvisor and didn't regret it a bit. The rates offer excellent value - especially if you are using a car. The place is clean, quiet and extremely convenient for visiting downtown, the Financial District or North Beach. Great eating a short walk away (lots of places around Washington Square), and half a block from the least crowded cable-car route.	
Apr 17 2007 	Great find!	We decided to make San Fran a last minute stop on our road trip so I booked this hotel at 4pm on a Friday for that evening. It was a great find: just three blocks from Fisherman's wharf and walking distance to Lombard Street. Cost: $98 for a room with two doubles, including FREE parking. Since parking near Fisherman's Wharf costs $2 every 20 minutes (with max of $30 dollars a day), free parking is amazing. Also, most of the other hotels in the area were asking $200 or above for their rooms. This motel is on a very busy street but we had a back room on the third floor (306) which was very quiet. We could see the Transamerica building and Coit Tower from our window. Our room was clean and well maintained (in fact, the rooms are better than expected compared to the outside of the hotel). There's no pool or jacuzzi, but in San Fran you'll always be out doing something. The only downside was a creaky elevator. I recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a nice room and a convenient location to see the city but doesn't want to pay big bucks.	
Apr 11 2007 	Very happy with this choice	I decided to stay here for our seven-night vacation in San Francisco after much research and deliberation. Since we had never been to SF before, I first had to decide what neighborhood, which I did by reading books and going to various websites. North Beach sounded fantastic, so then I struggled with whether to pay more to be *right in* North Beach or pay much less to stay at the Columbus Motor Inn *near* North Beach. I finally settled on the Columbus, and I am very happy I did. Not only did we pay less than half what we would have elsewhere, but the hotel was perfectly located, in between NB and Fisherman's Wharf, with a bus stop right out front, a nice big, comfortable, clean room with free internet (both wireless and plug-in), and our room had a balcony with a view of both Coit Tower and the Transamerica Pyramid.Initially I had requested a back room, away from the side of the hotel which is nearest Bimbo's club, thinking it would be quieter. When we got there no such room was available, but we were told we could ask for a different room in the morning. By then, though, we had decided our fears of noise had been groundless and we loved our room and didn't want to move. The room was huge, with a well-stocked coffee maker (the coffee wasn't half bad for what it was), a separate sink area and bathroom with tub shower. I loved standing on the balcony in the morning to check the weather and watch everyone walking down the street. I felt like the neighborhood was perfectly safe and pleasant to walk in, and often walked to and from North Beach and Fisherman's Wharf, including at night (I am a 30-something female). Although I am used to urban areas, having lived in both NYC and DC, I don't think anyone would have a problem with this neighborhood. As I mentioned, Bimbo's club is next door, but despite its name it's a pretty upscale club (go to their website and you'll see what I mean). One night there was actually some kind of benefit concer there, and elegantly gowned and tuxedoed people were emerging from Mercedeses and limos.The desk staff were always friendly, and were happy to let us leave our stuff there all day on our last day (we were catching the red-eye flight that night). Book through their website, and you'll get the best prices. My advice would be to stay here, get a MUNI passport when you first arrive (ours were $24 each for 7 days and covered bus, streetcar and cable car, allowing us to hop on and off at will), and have a wonderful time in San Francisco. I sure did, and I am equally sure that if and when we make it back to &quot;the city,&quot; we will stay here again.	
Apr 9 2007 	Great find!	Last week I travelled to SF with my 10 year old son and had reservations at Columbus, having found it on the internet. Friends had warned that Columbus Ave might be dirty and noisy but based on the reviews on trip advisor.com, I thought I'd give it a chance. I'm glad I did! This hotel really is a find. It is very clean, the beds are excellent quality (very important to me), there is free wireless connection in the room (great if you can take your laptop with you to check things out during your visit) and our room was very quiet. I can't verify that all the rooms are equally quiet because it is a busy street but I was never conscious of it being very noisy even in the lobby. We requested a third floor, back room and got it. The lobby is situated so they have very controlled access to the rooms and I never felt unsafe--at the hotel or on Columbus Ave. This may not be of interest to many but to my son, the most important hotel criteria is that it have cable tv (we don't have it at home) and this hotel did have it. And of course the free car park is a wonderful benefit if you drove, as we did.In addition to it being a clean, safe and quiet, it is located superbly well for sightseeing. We could easily walk to the Wharf, North Beach restaurants, and even Chinatown. We took the Hyde Street cable car (go early in the morning like 9'ish to avoid the long lines) up Russian Hill and walked down Lombard right back to the hotel. We had our car with us and drove to the Golden Gate and Muir Woods--an easy drive from this hotel's location. Although there was not any printed materials in the room listing nearby restaurants, shops, etc., the staff at the front desk were helpful and friendly with all our questions concerning restaurants, directions, bus rides (great bus stops right outside hotel) and provided helpful maps. My only advice/caution would be that we felt the breakfast choices were a little limited. One day we went up to Mama's Cafe on Washington Square (it opens at 8 and we got there at 7:50 and were fifth in line) and were disappointed in it. The long lines don't allow for a leisurely breakfast and while the food was certainly good, I wasn't up for paying almost $30 for breakfast for the two of us every day. We did a bit better at Pat's Cafe which is just across the street virtually from the Columbus--slightly better prices, similar food though a bit more limited in choices and not terribly efficient service but very friendly and neighborhood-y. However, next time, I would definitely take up the Columbus on their offer to put a fridge in our room for $5/day and then go down the street two blocks and get Trader Joe's and Starbuck's items for breakfast in the room. I should add Italian pastries to that as we also found some really delish pastries a few blocks up on Columbus. I can't say enough good things about this hotel. The only down side is that there is no room service and the only reason that mattered was that my son had a 24 hour tummy bug the first 24 hours and I was having to drag him with me so that I could get something to eat. But it was a minor inconvenience and an unusual one in light of all the pluses for this motel.	
Apr 8 2007 	Affordable 	After a quick check in and parking in the free covered garage, we went to our room 115. It is a two room suite with a bedroom with a door with one bed (we were told it was going to be a queen bed, but it seemed like a double) and two double beds in the main room. The room was very clean and we were well stocked with plenty of towels. I must say that this room location is VERY loud. There is quite a bit of street traffic and we felt like we were right there with the traffic. It seemed like it sounded the same whether the patio door was open or not. It was a nice room location though, as we were at the end of the hall. If we would be staying here for a week, I would have switched rooms, but since it is just three nights, we lived with some disturbed sleep. The water is plenty hot and the water pressure is incredible. Why don’t they put the shower heads higher up on the wall? I am not that tall, but always have to crouch down in hotel showers. I wouldn't say the beds were comfortable, but they worked. The room is definately dated, but like I said, very clean. There is free wireless in the rooms, but the connection is extremely limited. My suggestion is to bring your own Ethernet cable so you can connect directly in the room. The location was wonderful. We were able to walk easily to the wharf (with two 11 year olds), it was great that we could catch the #30 bus right outside the hotel door. I was nervous about making reservations at this motel, as the price was so inexpensive compared to other hotels but the noise and older rooms were a decent trade off for the price and free parking.	
Apr 7 2007	Columbus Motor Inn....Glad we picked this place.	This motor inn exceeded our expectations. Took a chance (never having stayed in a motor inn before) and it ended up being the perfect place for us. It was a nice morning walk away from our first attraction where we bought our attraction ticket books. Our room was very clean everyday. It was easy to view their rates and availability on their website. They also have suites. It was affordable.We requested a back room and that’s what we got and it was quiet. We didn't care about the view since we wanted to see the views from experiencing the city and the sites. Our hallway had nice lighting. There was a small quaint lobby off of the street with an elevator right there. There is free parking that we only needed for one day when we rented a car to go see Muir Woods. We considered going to a laundromat mid-trip, but there was a place nearby selling t-shirts at the time (5 for $10.99) and fleece sweatshirts for $8.99, so it was a great excuse to buy souvenirs. There were plenty of breakfast cafes around…and even more places to eat on Columbus. We found a grocery store and a Walgreen's within walking distance. Washington Square park was a short bus ride away (but we were into walking) and it had a cute little park for kids and was surrounded by cool little restaurants and a yummy dessert place. There’s a bike rental place on the corner and another one very close.There are plenty of high priced hotels in the area to choose from and everyone has different expectations, but we didn’t see the point in spending more, especially after our stay here. They also have sister properties advertised on their website we would consider if this inn was booked.	
Apr 6 2007	Don't Expect Luxury but Great Value and Location	We stayed at the Columbus Motor Inn for two nights. The hallways were dingy, the elevator creaked, the rooms were a bit dated, the neighborhood wasn't one you'd want to wander in at night, and the front desk staff was surly. That having been said, this hotel was a great value. We had a &quot;family suite&quot; which was enormous with two separate rooms and a bathroom. Plenty of room for a family of 4. The view was fabulous. The rooms were clean. Internet access worked. The parking was free. And you couldn't ask for a more convenient location!I'd definitely recommend the Columbus.	
Apr 2 2007 	Nice Quiet Place	I booked this property due to the fact it had free parking and we are a family with children and prefer to stay in suites. This property was the best of both at a very affordable price. The location is fabulous. The #30 bus stops directly in front and around the corner is the beginning of the Powell Mason cable car. We used this numerous times and always had a seat. This will take you all the way to Union Square. We also found the area less congested and safer. We felt fine walking up from the wharf at night. There are restaurants, shops, Walgreens, Safeway, Trader Joes etc. very close by. The room was somewhat dated but in good condition and clean! We had a nice view of the water and coit tower. The hotel was very quiet but we were on the top floor. A lower floor on Columbus could be noisy from traffic. Right next door is a bike rental which we used to bike over the Golden Gate bridge. This was the highlight of our trip and I highly encourage others to try it! There is a bike path the entire way making it a safe and enjoyable way to spend the day. Overall I would recommend this hotel as a safe &amp; clean hotel at a bargain price!	
Mar 20 2007	Great Value	Spent one night @ Columbus Motor Inn. Location is great----walked to Chinatown, Coit tower, and Fisherman's Wharf. Public transportation very close by---bus &amp; cable car. Numerous cafes in area. Room was what we expected for our great rate. Free parking was an extra plus. Would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 13 2007 	Be leery of website rates	We found this hotel here on Tripadvisor and read the reviews and decided to stay here for our Christmas vacation. It seemed like the best choice based on our budget, the location, and high reviews. Our stay was what we had anticpated, but when it came time to check out and pay the bill the rate was higher than what was quoted online. I used their website to check for availability and price, but I chose to call and make reservations rather than use their online booking system. I did not use their website because it was not a secure site, and I was not about to provide credit card information online without some security. When I asked the person behind the desk about this he replied that that is an online &quot;only&quot; price. I informedhim that it did not say that these were online &quot;only prices on their website. I also didn't like that they &quot;recycle&quot; their towels. They ask if you will use your towels more than once in order to cut down on laundry, and when you need a new one put the old one on the floor. I did this one day and it seems like they picked up my towel and hung it on the rack. Not a big deal, but could be a problem if you expect fresh towels daily. Long story short: This was a nice stay in a comfortable hotel with a great location, but the price is subject to change based on what they decide. If you decide to stay here get your price in writing or stay someplace else! The Travellodge down the street (Columbus Ave.) seemed nice from the exterior, and I'm sure you'll have no problems booking on their website. BTW - San Francisco is great! If you have a chance you must go and visit.	
Mar 10 2007 	Quiet clean comfortable well located helpful staff	We just spent three nights at the Columbus Motor Inn--weeknights at $77/night, Friday at $92/night (2 people one bed). I had reserved by internet and requested a quiet room away from noisy areas (street, elevator, etc), on the top floor, and with a refrigerator--and that is exactly what I received. The king bed was very comfortable, the frig a good value at an extra $5/day, and we never heard any noise of any type in our room, except a little from the hallway if someone was locking up. I never found anything to fault about security--after 11 pm the door to the lobby is locked, and a room key needed to get in. All desk attendants were friendly and helpful, and offerred recommendations about restaurants, things to do, etc. And, as many others have noticed, parking included in the rate is a big plus. Area is fun, lively, and we felt safe day or night. As others have noted, not only is the cable car nearby, but the bus stops directly outside the hotel, and it is easy to walk to the main tourist sites (Fisherman's Wharf, Nob Hill, Coit Tower, Union Square) from the hotel (depending on your desire to walk over the hills.) Grocery and small food mart as well as a Walgreens nearby. Free wif1 and wired high speed internet access in the room. Wake-up calls and 24 hours front desk service also. A great place. Highly recommended.	
Mar 2 2007	Great location helpful staff good value	My wife, brother-in-law and I spent four nights in a two-room family suite on the second floor, looking over Columbus Avenue, with views of Coit Tower and Alcatraz. It was very quiet in the motel: we couldn't hear people in the next room, although there was some noise from the street. Rates were low for SF - we paid $135/night for a two-room suite. Our rooms were clean, spacious, smoke free, and looked recently decorated with new carpets. The furniture was solid and the beds were comfortable. The motel is centrally located - an easy walk from Fisherman's Wharf and North Beach, both with plenty of shops and restaurants. It was one block from the Powell-Mason Street cable car terminus and bus number 30 stopped right outside the motel. We bought the 3-day MUNI pass, and went everywhere by cable car, streetcar and bus. The front desk staff were helpful, helped us to find places to eat, gave directions, and booked the shuttle bus to the airport. We had breakfast each day at Pat's Cafe, 2 minutes walk away, and can highly recommend it.	
Feb 15 2007 	Free Parking Great Location	My husband and I stayed here for 2 night and had a great time. Pros: Free Parking - can't beat that in San Francisco. Parking was limited, but we were always able to find a space. Location: very close to the ferry to Alcatraz (which was great) and Fisherman's Wharf (which, although I have no problems with touristy stuff, was too crowded and overwhelming for me - I'd stay away despite the proximity). Also walking distance to Chinatown. Cons: Any noise in the hallway seemed to be amplified. Security seemed questionable - it may well have been very secure, but something creeped me out about the desk attendant and the very small lobby containing the elevator to the guest floors which is right off the sidewalk. I don't think I would have been comfortable if I were a woman traveling alone. Not recently updated. However for the price and with free parking I don't mind seeing some 1980s decor. Everything was clean and in good repair. I would recommend this property for someone with a car looking for a good value.	
Jan 18 2007	Columbus Motor Inn w/Car Park	After reading all the forum recommendations we chose the Columbus Motor Inn for our Christmas Holiday 2006. Staff most helpful and friendly. Room 305 on the quiet side and with a view of Coit Tower was spacious, clean and perfect. Such a bargain and it includes parking (never needed a car). Bus 30 pulls up in front (drops you at Union Square). Columbus is a couple blocks from Trolley, Muni and Cable Car. Also 3 blocks to Fishermans's Wharf. Great restaurants, a Supermarket and even Trader Joes (ask front desk for easy walking directions). Everything you could want you can walk to. We brought a cooler and items for our breakfast (coffee pot in room no frig) and were quite happy. While there we visited all the sister properties and were convinced that Columbus is by far the better property. Off highway 101 traffic corridor which we found very busy and noisy. The Columbus Motor Inn is a jewel. We will most definitely be back. Thank you Trip Advisor forum for this recommendation.	
Jan 16 2007 	Loved it.	My friend and I stayed here for 3 nights and absolutely loved it. The best thing about this hotel is its location. It is within walking distance to everything. Two blocks from the wharf and trolley. The bus stops right out front. Chinatown, Little Italy are both w/in walking distance. The rooms are very basic, but clean. The staff was very helfpful and friendly, giving tips and directions, and even letting us keep our luggage there after check out due to a late flight. If you are looking for a clean place to sleep with a great location, then this is where you should stay. Also, has a great little Indian Rest. and Irish Pub right across the street. Try the wraps, they are delicous! I would like to mention that there is a bar right next door and if you stay here on a Friday or Saturday night it can get semi-loud. This is only if your room is on that side of the building, so just ask. Neighborhood is very safe, my friend and I both walked around by ourselves and never felt threatened. Again, we loved staying here and would most definitely stay here again if traveling in SF.	
Jan 6 2007 	Friendly and clean	We arrived in San Francisco on a wet and rainy day. Took a taxi to the hotel which was easy to find. Near Fisherman's Wharf and the bus stop is just outside the hotel. There was free parking and free wireless internet. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Rooms were big and clean. Basic with a clean bathroom too. There was a coffee facility in the room. Don;t suggest you try it if you are a coffee fan!! The beds were comfortable and large. Only drawback was that the rooms were dated however you can't complain with such good value. Overall, a pleasant stay.	
Dec 27 2006 	Great Location!	This was a great hotel, especially for the price. It was nothing fancy, but our room was large (2 queen beds, plus a small table and love seat). Most importantly, the room was clean. In addition, there is no charge for parking, which can be hard to find in the city. We had a view of Coit tower and downtown from our window. It was only a few blocks walk to Fisherman's Wharf. For breakfast, we walked to Mama's Cafe on Washington Square, which gets rave reviews, and I can see why! The staff was also very friendly and helpful. For the price and location, I would definately stay here again.	
Nov 19 2006 	Good find	Chose this hotel after reading the reviews on this site and the Hilton it's not but the location is good. Rooms clean and well serviced. Had a side room with a bit of noise but otherwise o.k. Near the cable cars and public transport in the form of buses. Good position for all the sites as within walking distance of most. Staff helpful with directions and recommended places to eat. Although it lacks a large reception area there was a pub and shop across the street for that essential bottle of wine. Free parking although found no use for a car during stay in San Francisco as charged for parking most other places.	
Oct 30 2006 	Good place to stay - excellent value	We stayed Oct 12 to Oct 15 2006. There had been a booking mix-up and our booking didn't exist. They got us a room for the one night and then managed to fit us in for the rest. Staff were helpful. No complaints about our room. There's an ice machine and can vending machine in the hall. The included parking is a real bonus. The area is not upmarket area but is perfectly satisfactory and a 10 min walk to Fisherman's wharf or 20 mins to Chinatown.	
Oct 16 2006 	A great little place to stay	Booked a four night stay here based on reviews on this site and they are SO right.The location is great, close to everything. You can walk to all types of public transportation (including the cable cars) and this gives you access to the city and all the shopping, restaurants &amp; culture you can ask for. The neighborhood is safe, even after dark and the entrance to the rooms is from interior corridors, so it's very secure. There's even a grocery store just a few blocks away (along with a post office AND a drug store) so anything you might need is very close. You can walk to Pier 39, Fisherman's Wharf, great North Beach restaurants and Cafes and China Town. It's about a block to the Powell-Mason cable car and a few blocks further to the Hyde Street line. You have good access to virtually the whole city from here. We used Muni to get to Golden Gate Park with no problem.Our room was large, and being on the back of the building, had a great view of Coit Tower and the Transamerica Pyramid-nice to look at both day and night. It was extremely quiet, being in such a busy area &amp; was not noisy, despite a club next door AND the fact that it was fleet week and town was full. Staff was very helpful.The only thing I can possibly complain of was that we could have used a little more vacuuming (or a little more agressive vacuuming). Overall, it's a clean, safe, well located place to be and it's a real bargain for the area.If you NEED the pool and the room service, stay some where else for double or triple a night what you'll pay here. If you want a clean, comfortable room without tons of frills but like a bargain, this is your place.	
Oct 8 2006 	Great location! Great value!	The Columbus Motor Inn is a short walk to Fisherman's Warf, Lombard Street, Coit Tower, Pier 39, and a short transit ride to all of San Francisco's other attractions! We parked our car in the free parkade and didn't need it for the entire time we were there. Our room was clean and very spacious. The only downside was there was no fridge. We were in a room which faced Columbus Street, which might be a bit noisy for those who aren't used to traffic noises, but we live close to a bridge so it didn't bother us at all. The added bonus was the shower - the high water pressure made me want to stay in the shower forever! Check-in and check-out were a breeze - quick service and no messing around. If we ever go back to San Francisco again, we'll be staying at the Columbus Motor Inn!	
Sep 20 2006 	Great location price but beware of room location	My wife and I spent 4 nights at the Columbus Motor Inn in September, 2006. Everything I read on this site was true. The location between North Beach and Fisherman's Wharf was perfect. The room was very clean and attractive, and the bed was comfortable. The parking was a bit tight but amble and free. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. The price was also great. However, there was one thing that was a bit of a problem. We had a room on the second floor facing Columbus Avenue and being light sleepers, the street noise really bothered us. Columbus Avenue is a busy street, and the traffic never stopped. So a bit of advice if street noise bothers you. Ask for a room away from the street and hope you get it and bring ear plugs and a sound machine just in case you don't. Everything else about the Columbus Motor Inn was fine.	
Sep 17 2006	Great Bargin	Spent two nights at the Columbus Motor in August. It was a very positive experience. The rates are reasonable and parking is free. The rooms are clean and pleasant and and the staff is helpful.It has a good location, close to Fishermans Wharf, North Beach, Chinatown, etc. The bus stop is right outside the entrance and the bus is an easy way to get around. The staff has route maps and info available on the bus service.We felt safe walking in the neighborhood.I left a travel bag in the room upon checkout. It contained prescription medications and some jewlery. Hours later when i realized my mistake and called, the bag had already been put under lock &amp; key. It was shipped to us the next day and everything arrived intact.If you require turn down service and a chocolate on your pillow the Columbus isn't for you. But...if you want a clean servicable room at a great price this is the place. You can take all the money you saved on a room and spend it on a great meal.	
Sep 12 2006 	Best Kept Secret In San Francisco!!!	For San Francisco and just about 100.00 per night...it's well worth it including FREE PARKING! We stayed here 3 nights.It's clean...neat...almost like a mini-hotel. The staff is friendly and very helpful. I read all the comments and it is everything they said and more.When you walk into the room the furniture is oak...the wallpapper is nice and neat and clean and the bathrooms are clean. The towels are fresh and thick.Always coffee there ready to be used each morning.Location is PERFECT for the Fisherman's Wharf/North Beach area. You are 2 blocks from the cable car stop. When standing right outside the door, you are about 5 blocks from North Beach. To the left you are about 5 blocks from Fisherman's Wharf. You are also near buses to wherever. Beach Blanket Babylon is about 7 blocks away.What more could you ask for?Of course there is no restaurant on the premises, but so close to North Beach, what more could you ask for? The Stinking Rose is about 7 Blocks away?I would stay here again and recommend it to everyone who stays in the Wharf area.I have absolutely NO bad comment!	
Sep 2 2006	THE place to stay in San Francisco for value	I only booked this hotel because of Tripadvisor. What a pleasant surpise. The rooms were CLEAN and comfortable and you can't beat the price. I hope they never change their free parking policy because that was the second draw. Walking past several other hotels and seeing their parking fees I knew how lucky I was to find this hotel. Sure, you can stay in other hotels with restaurants and pools but why would you want to swim when there are so many things to see in the city and there are literally thousands of restaurants too??	
Aug 30 2006 	What a great find!!! Thank you Traveladvisor	After many hours of looking at hotels online and thru Travel advisor. I decided to have my family stay at The Columbus Motor Inn. This hotel was great. It was in an excellent location, we felt safe and the hotel was perfect.The hotel was a block away from the trolley stop, a short distance from Fisherman's Wharf and Lombard Street. A good walk to Chinatown but I did it with my 5, 3, 1 year old and 83 year old grandmother. What a great time we had touring the city. There is also an excellent breakfast reastaurant two blocks towards Fisherman's Whart with great pancakes!! The only way you could enter the hotel was with your room key. Parking was free and I am so grateful because it is hard to find a spot in San Fran. We didn't even need our car while we toured the city but we got it anyway for when we headed up towards the redwoods for my sister's wedding. The family suite was perfect for all my family. (Mother, grandmother, three kids and me) We had a seperate bedroom but were still all together. The rooms are nice and spacious. On the way back we had our own room (my husband had joined us) and that was spacious and clean also.I would recommend this hotel to everyone that visits. The price is great and so is the hotel!!Thanks again Trip Advisor	
Aug 27 2006 	Columbus Motor Inn is great find!	We stayed for two nights at the Columbus Motor Inn and were very pleased that we chose this place. It is an older hotel, with no public rooms or restaurants, except for a small lobby. But if you are looking for a reasonably priced clean, comfortable room, with a convenient location, and free parking, I don't think you could top this place. Although the room decor was not exciting, it was pleasant and in good condition. It was also spacious -- there were three of us and we had plenty of room for all of our things. The tub/shower was in a separate room from the sink and vanity. We had two double beds, a large dresser, and a small table and chairs. From our large windows, we could look down on a street view, or look in the distance and see Coit Tower in one direction and San Francisco Bay in the other direction. It has a perfect location for site-seeing. From the hotel we walked to Fisherman's Wharf (about 4 blocks), Chinatown (about 8 blocks), the crooked part of Lombard Street (4 blocks), and Union Square (about 10 blocks). The front desk staff was extremely helpful -- an older gentleman in the evening who actually walked out to our car at the curb to give us parking directions, and a young gentleman during the day who gave us excellent restaurant recommendations. Both were as friendly and helpful as could be. When planning our trip, I was determined not to waste money by paying extremely high prices for lodging and parking. This hotel met our needs perfectly. My husband was very impressed with me for finding this place! We would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 25 2006 	Excellent Value Great Location	Our family of five stayed in a two-bedroom suite at the Columbus Motor Inn for three nights in mid-August. Our suite was clean and spacious. The hotel staff was courteous and helpful. The hotel's location in North Beach was very convenient. It is an easy walk to Fisherman's Wharf and the various piers, including the Blue and Gold Fleet that takes you to Alcatraz. The Route 30 bus stops at the hotel, and the Powell-Mason cable car turnaround is two short blocks away.The Columbus Motor Inn was a great value -- we got a two-room suite for about a hundred dollars less per night than it would have cost us for a single hotel room in nearby chain hotels. Free parking is an additional bonus. The only negative aspect of our stay was the street noise, since our suite was on the first floor facing Columbus Avenue. However, the noise wasn't that bad, and we had no problems sleeping.	
Aug 19 2006 	Great location and value	After an extensive search for a REASONABLY priced hotel for our stay in SF, I decided on this hotel. I'm happy with my choice. Free parking, helpful staff, VERY CLEAN and quiet , and great lacation.	
Aug 15 2006 	Would Stay Again	We stayed at the Columbus Motor Inn for 7 nights. The hotel is not fancy but it was perfect for our needs. We stayed in a suite which had a queen (our daughter loved this) and a king bed. The room was clean, well kept and the front desk staff was very helpful giving us some great tips for restaurants. The hotel is around the corner from Pat's Cafe, where we ate breakfast all but one of the days (great place with really nice people and good food). We were within walking distance of all the major sites and attractions and you couldn't ask for a better location to pick up transportation to other parts of the city. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 24 2006 	The best kept secret in SF	The best location--by Fisherman's Wharf and North Beach, free parking, great people, big, spacious bedrooms and free apples. I wouldn't stay anywhere else.	
Jul 24 2006 	Great price and location	We spent 3 days in July at the Columbus Motor Inn and found it clean and quiet. Staff very helpful and the location cannot be beat. We asked for a quiet room. It came without a view but it was blissfully quiet! Would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 19 2006	Fantastic Location	We chose the Columbus Motor Inn in which to spend July 11-15, the last days of our CA vacation. We were looking for a reasonably priced hotel near Fisherman's Wharf so we could have easy access to all the attractions families with teenagers would enjoy. We found the Columbus Motor Inn on tripadvisor and followed the recommendations here. We are very glad we did! The main thing Columbus Motor Inn has going for it is LOCATION! It is absolutely perfectly centered for everything we wanted to do as a family. It is 1 1/2 blocks from the Powell-Mason St. cable car terminus, making grabbing a cable car uptown to Union Square or Chinatown a breeze. Bus #30 stops right in front of the hotel and it takes you from the Palace of Fine Arts one one end to SBC Park on the other. We were within easy walking distance of Fisherman'w Wharf, Pier 39, Alcatraz and the tourist shops. Within a few blocks are great Italian restaurants and Pat's Cafe around the corner makes a great omellette. We parked the car in the FREE parking garage attached to the hotel. We bought a 3 day MUNI pass and used public transportation to go where ever we wanted. We had a standard 2 double bed room on the third floor that was quite spacious. It was clean, well maintained and there were fresh fluffy towels each day. From the bay window we could see Alcatraz, Coit Tower, and the TransAmerica building. Wow! The room didn't have any &quot;extra&quot; perks- refrigerator, microwave, guest laundry or continental breakfast, but the location made up for it. The staff was very helpful setting up city tours, recommending eating places, and giving travel directions. This is a great economical hotel at the heart of where we wanted to be in San Francisco. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 8 2006	Excellent location + free parking	This past May we spent four nights in San Francisco staying at the Columbus Motor Inn and we were very pleased with our stay there. The location of the hotel is ideal for touring the town and the real bonus is that parking is included, which means we didn’t have to use our car. In fact we only used it once to take us to the Golden Gate Bridge for the traditional walk across the bridge and loosely following the 49 Mile Scenic Drive. Our room was very, very clean and large with two Queen-sized beds, a sofa, which is always a bonus. We had a nice view of the SF skyline from our room. Excellent value for the money and would absolutely stay there again. The Columbus Motor Inn doesn’t have a pool but for us this was more than compensated with their free parking. The Inn also provides free High Speed internet access (wired and wireless); just bring your own laptop. Also accessible within easy walking distance is the popular (and famous) tourist destination, Fisherman’s Wharf. There is a bus stop directly in front of the hotel (number 30) that goes downtown. jet29	
Jun 13 2006 	Great location Great parking	I just got back from a stay at the Columbus Motor Inn. I booked the hotel because it was the only reasonably-priced hotel in the area with FREE PARKING. Upon checking into the hotel, I was originally given a room that had a broken air conditioner. I called the front desk, and within a few minutes, the clerk had brought me a key for a different room down the hall (with a newer, working air conditioner). The room was very clean and comfortable. It had a nice round table and a balcony. There was a sink outside of the bathroom, and both the bathroom and the hotel room itself were very large.There is a bus stop directly in front of the hotel that you can use to get to Chinatown, Union Square, etc. The front desk can provide you with a bus map. A one-way bus fare is $1.25. Also, there is a cable car stop very close to the hotel. Fisherman's Wharf is within about a 2-3 block walk.The hotel also has FREE WIRELESS INTERNET access, which was very fast and easy to use (I think the network was unsecured). All in all, no complaints here- I'd happily stay at the Columbus Motor Inn during my next trip to San Francisco!	
Jun 5 2006	two blocks motor inn	we spent two nights in this hotel in May 2006; good location and it is all; an email to be received: two blocks ahead, breakfast: two blocks down; the last one night was terrible: the customer of the next room had rented for deals; silence was made only when one woman threatened while howling to call the police force (a customer.. not the night watchman) ; two blocks down , its Holliday Inn and a Hilton it will be my next choice ..	
May 20 2006	Great Motor Inn	After my previous post -March 16 - &quot;Me Too&quot;, I was a little apprehensive when I checked in. I needn't have worried, everything was fine. We had a two bedroomed room which was light, very clean and comfortable. There are ice-machines on each floor and for the price, the location was great, not far from Fishermans Wharf. Turn left when leaving the hotel, not right like we did, must have been jet-lag. There is also a great little cafe just around the corner (Pat's) which does great breakfast.	
Apr 30 2006	Niest Staff in San Francisco by Far	April 30,2006We recently spent four nights at the Columbus Motor Inn and we enjoyed it thoroughly. I don't believe we have ever had a nicer, more helpful staff than these fine folks. This is not a five star Hyatt or Mariott but is very comfortable, clean and conviently located just a couple of blocks from the cable cars. We felt the rates were very reasonable since the location was so great, just blocks from Fisherman's Wharf.I would recommend the Columbus Motor Inn to anyone looking for'price, location, comfort and a very friendly staff. Our Serta mattresses were among the most comfortable we've ever had and always enjoyed a restful nights sleep.Do yourself a huge favor, make your reservations at the ColumbusMotor Inn. I'll be happy to answer any questions you might have atradio87@yahoo.comThanks to all at this wonderful hotel. Glenda and I loved it.Larry	
Mar 19 2006	Good Fisherman's Wharf Hotel	Nice hotel. Inexpensive for the location. Rooms are average size, nothing fancy but very clean. Quiet area. Can't hear the people in adjoining rooms which is a plus. Within walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf. Free parking which seems to be a rarity in the area. Staff is friendly and helpful. Doesn't have a restaurant, but many are in the area. Would definitely stay there again and recommend to others.	
Mar 19 2006	Location and Value	We stayed at the Columbus from March 9th to the 13th during some very iffy S. F. weather. The proximity to Fishermans Wharf and the North Beach restaurants made for easy walking to enjoy some of the best dining the city has to offer as well as sites like the Bay Cruise, Alcatracz,Pier 39,Ghiradelli Square,Coit Tower,Cable Cars,Hyde Pier etc. The room came with a king bed and free parking. The room was ample in size, well furnished, clean and quiet despite being located on busy Columbus Ave. We found the staff extremely polite and helpful in suggesting tours and providing driving directions to the many destinations in San Francisco which were not convenient to walk to. We received solid value and would recommend this hotel as a moderately priced, well located, clean and friendly place to enjoy a few days vacation	
Feb 23 2006	Bad point for columbus	After reading good reviews about this motel on this site I decided to make a reservation for this hotel. I made a reservation request through their web site and had no reply. I tried again sending a fax and no reply again...The point I'm concern about is that they ask for your credit card number at time of request (on their web site)...	
Dec 15 2005	Great Place - Great Staff - Good Location - Fair Price.	We recently visited San Francisco and stayed at the Columbus Motor Inn. We thought the rooms we reasonably sized and quite comfortable. Judging by other reviews I've seen about other San Francisco motels they might be considered large. The bathroom was nothing special but it was clean and well maintained. The location is great. It's about a four block walk to the Fisherman's Wharf and just a short block to the cable car line. Buy a MUNI pass and ride the cable cars, streetcars and buses to just about anywhere. Finally, the staff was great!! They were happy to arrange transportation, tours, etc. and were very pleasant and informative. If they are not too busy you can learn a great deal about the city. We will stay again.	
Dec 13 2005	Arrived in SF with no place to stay found this hotel.	My friends and i drove up from Los Angeles (i was there from Canada visiting friends) in July to see a show at Cobbs Comedy Club down the street from this hotel. We had decided to play it by ear, and not book a hotel, and just find one when we go to the city.The first hotel we walked into, was this one, and we got a two double bed room for the 4 of us. It was clean, quiet, and we had enough room for all of us, and all of our stuff that we brought for the one night that we stayed in the city. The Front desk staff was very helpful in assisting us with directions etc.I recommend this hotel, i will be back in SF next year, and i will stay here again.	
Nov 21 2005	Now everybody knows....	I wish people would stop writing positive things about the Columbus. That's like telling the whole world where you found those wild mushrooms. Well, now you know anyway; so, yes, it's a real find. Basic, simple, clean, good value, and terrific location that invites walking around.	
Nov 8 2005	Can't Say Enough Good Things!	We also chose this hotel after extensive search and use of this website. We were looking for something more off the tourist beaten path but in a reasonable price range. The Columbus Motor Inn fit our needs to a &quot;T&quot;. The location in the ethnic neighborhood YET only a block from Fisherman's Wharf and access to Alcatraz, etc. was just what we were looking for. Rooms were basic, but VERY clean. The free parking was a huge plus. Desk staff was very helpful. Housekeeping was friendly and very competent. MANY very good restaurants withing walking distance...Walgreen's, grocery, and liquor store nearby...Perfect! Would stay there again when in S.F....	
Oct 6 2005	Another Satisfied Stayer!	Just returned from a 2-week trip that included 3 nights at Columbus Motor Inn, which I chose after extensive searching on the net and the positive reviews on this site. We were very satisfied with this property and agree with other posters as to the value and cleanliness. And--location, location, location! Our room with 2 queens (3 adults) was also on third floor at the back but we had a great view of downtown, Pyramid, Coit Tower and P&amp;P church, which is beautiful, expecially at night! We had a great time, left the car in the free parking the entire 3 days and enjoyed the city. Front desk staff very helpful with directions and restaurant suggestions. They said Empress of China was still good (ate there 15 years ago) and it was indeed excellent! Also, Mama's at Washington Square for breakfast was worth all the hype (and the long line on Sunday morning)! Great city and great hotel for our needs.	
Sep 17 2005	Family Suite plus location made the Inn a BIG winner	Our family of five spent a week at the Inn, but because of limited availability when we booked, we spent three days in a suite, two days in two double rooms, and then the last two days in a suite a floor down from the original one, exposing us to more rooms than a traveler would typically stay in during a single visit. The individual rooms we were given were fine, although they faced the side/rear of the motel and thus could not compare to the bright, extremely spacious suites. The suites, which like some other rooms face Columbus Avenue, have large windows that afford lovely views of North Beach and Coit Tower in one direction and Fisherman's Wharf in the other. They are very comfortably appointed and very very clean--housekeeping does a wonderful job here. It's the location, however, that clinches the deal: the Inn is an easy walk, bus or cable car ride to just about anywhere we wanted to go in San Francisco, and we took great advantage of its proximity to the terrific cafes and restaurants of Columbus Avenue. The border of Chinatown, too, was only a few blocks away. We would definitely stay here again on an eagerly anticipated return visit.	
Sep 9 2005	Great Little Motor Inn	My wife and I stayed at the Columbus Motor Inn on Sunday and Monday August 29 &amp; 30 2005 during our recent San Francisco trip. The motel is in an excellent location in close proximity to Fisherman's Wharf. The free covered underground parking was the best benefit in my opinion. Our room was located on the third floor and was quite spacious for San Francisco standards, and very clean. We had a queen-sized bed, and the room overlooked Columbus Ave. with a nice view of the Coit Tower, and a panoramic view of the bay and Alcatraz Island. Even though the room overlooks the street, the noise is minimal. (Expect a little noise, afterall this motel is located in the heart of an urban city.) The staff was professional and friendly and answered all of our questions and provided us with restaurant tips. We practically left our car parked the entire time and used the Muni Buses, Cable Cars, or simply just walked around. We felt safe walking around town during the evening, and ate at a great Italian restaurant one night named Capp's Corner (Powell &amp; Green Sts.) The best tourism tip we can offer is to order your Alcatraz tickets online, prior to going on your trip. If you don't, you will risk the tour selling out, especially on weekends.If you are looking for a high priced, full service, high-rise hotel-this is not the place for you. However, if you want to stay in clean comfortable rooms, in a great location, and save a little money for other things on your trip, this is the place for you. I would highly recommend this motel, and would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Sep 3 2005	Excellent hotel for the money	Picked this hotel based upon other reviews on this trip advisor site. The location is within walking distance of most of the major tourist spots (Wharf, Pier 39, Ghiradelli Chocolate, China Town, etc.) and close to trolleys and buses. The hotel price for this location was lower than most in the area, and there is no extra charge for covered parking.The hotel size was roomy enough for two queen beds, a sofa, table, and dresser. The beds were comfortable and the room was clean. This is a great basic no frills hotel in an excellent location at an affordable price.	
Aug 22 2005	Great little hotel!	My hubby and I and our two teenagers spent 5 days at the Columbus Inn in August of '05, and would definitely stay there again. It is clean and comfortable, and the staff were wonderful to us. Although there is no restaurant attached, there is a great little place around the corner where we had all our breakfasts. It is very central to Fisherman's Wharf and Chinatown, and the cable car station is a block away. The bus literally stops outside the door, which was very convenient to get to the beginnning of Chinatown, and then we just walked back. The popular Italian restuarant area is about a mile away, an easy walk or cab ride. Parking is free, which was great. We didn't even move the car for the first 2 days until we had the hang of the city!If you're travelling with kids, I highly recommend staying in one of the suites. Ours had a queen bed in one room and 2 double beds in the other, for $180/night. Quite a bargain for San Francisco! Just make sure to book this well in advance in the high season. I booked this hotel on the testimony of the other reviewers on this page, and I sure wasn't disappointed!	
Jul 23 2005	Great - Columbus Motor Inn	Got the Columbus Motor Inn recommended through Trip Advisor and glad we decided to stay there. Just returned from 4 night stay and would definatley stay there again. In ideal location just two minute walk from Fisherman's Wharf, Lombard Street and Washington Square. Free parking was excellent. Busses stop right outside and the cable car was two minutes away. Staff were really helpful and gave us lots of tips for getting around etc.	
Jul 15 2005	adequate room but great location	This is the second property that I have stayed at owned by the same little group of hotels.I liked the location very much - in between Chinatown, North Beach and the Wharf.The room furnishings could stand an upgrade, but the bathroom was fine.Underground parking is included. Bed is a little lumpy.Friendly staff, price is right.	
Jul 13 2005	The small and friendly Columbus Motor Inn	If you're looking for clean, spacious rooms, and a good location- the Columbus Motor Inn is a good choice. We had a 2-bedroom suite, which was wonderful for our family of 4. The staff is so helpful. The gave advice on bus routes, restaurants, and area attractions. Great hotel if you don't need frills!	
Jul 12 2005	We liked it too!	Took the advice of reviewers and stayed one night in SF and agreed - great location, clean rooms, reasonable rates - very satisfied with the experience.	
Jun 22 2005	Highly Recommed	I was going to say how great this place was, but the other post here said exactly what I was going to say. They left out that the less crowded Cable Car line is only 3 blocks from the hotel. Real nice &amp; quite area also, the best that I've stayed in here. Do plan to return!	
Jun 12 2005	Superb place	Stayed here for 5 nights in June 2005 after reading the reviews on this site. Paid $135 a night with free parking which was a lot cheaper than other hotels in Fishermans Wharf. The location is excellent, 5 minutes walk to The Cannery and 10 minutes to Pier 39. We left our car in the covered parking area the whole time we were there and caught the bus which stops right outside the hotel which was very cheap. The bedroom was very spacious and tastefully decorated as were the corridors of this hotel. It is scruptiously clean with fresh towels every day. The bed was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. I would definately recommend this hotel if you want to stay in Fishermans Wharf.	
Feb 9 2005	Amazing value!	This was my second stay at the Columbus Motor Inn and it was just as good as the first time! Free underground parking! Immaculately clean rooms! Fantastic location! Walk to Fisherman's Wharf! Walk to Lombard Street! Walk to the cable car (either Hyde or Powell/Mason)! All for under $80? Okay, so there's no free breakfast, big deal. This is the best deal I've found in years. 	
Jan 4 2005	Great budget motel	This was our third time at the Columbus Motor Inn and we are never disappointed. We recommend it to family and friends. I'm not even sure how we found out about it, but I'm glad we did. The location is great. Parking is free. Rooms are always clean. The staff is always friendly and helpful. Fisherman's Wharf, Chinatown, and Northbeach are all within walking distance. Powell-Hyde and Powell-Mason cablecar lines are also within walking distance. Muni bus # 30 is right out the lobby door of the motel. We will stay here again and again.	
Nov 5 2004	An Excellent Value	My family stayed for a week beginning Oct. 23. We had two suites and two king rooms for a total of 14 people. The size of the rooms is great, with larger than average space. The suites we had were corner rooms with nice views of Columbus Street and balconies. The free covered parking is an added bonus. The number 30 bus stops right in front of the hotel, which is very convenient. The Mason cable car line was not running while we were there, but the Powell line is only a few blocks north on Columbus to the wharf. There are coffee makers in the rooms, but no small refrigerators in the suites, which would have been nice. Overall, for the money we paid, considering the location, size of rooms and parking, we felt it represented a great value. We will certainly stay there again when we return to San Francisco.	
Nov 2 2004	BEST LOCATION IN SAN FRANCISO!!	This was our 4th trip to San Francisco and the best hotel. We spent 4 nights at the Columbus Motor Inn from Oct 27 - 31. Had a 2 bedroom suite, Room 313. It did not have a great view, but 2 large windows overlooking the back of other houses in the neighborhood and was very quiet. No traffic noise whatsoever. Did not hear any neighbors within the hotel either! This was perfect for my Husband and 2 teenagers. The kids loved having their own room. The hotel was extremely clean and well kept with up-to-date decor. It's a small, no frills, 3-floor hotel with maybe 40 rooms total. So it was very cozy. Seldom saw any other guests. The housekeeping staff was very friendly. The front desk staff was very courteous and helpful with any questions we had and helpful in making suggestions of restaurants and tours.You can't beat this location. It's right in between Fisherman's Wharf and North Beach &quot;Little Italy&quot;and within walking distance of both. As well as Ghirardelli Square, the Marina, China Town and the famous Lombard Street. There's a Safeway and Walgreens about 3 blocks away as well, and a small liquor store right across the street.And the best part...free parking...seldom found in San Francisco. We felt very safe walking in the area and parking in the garage at night. The hotel is within 2 blocks of the Hyde/Powell Cable car line. And you can also walk to the other cable car line by Ghirardelli Square. Great restaurants nearby included, Pat's Cafe &amp; Joanies Diner for breakfast and Trattoria Pinocchio's for Italian dinners. All within walking distance on Columbus Avenue.We had a great time in SF and will definitely stay at the Columbus Motor Inn again in the future.	
Jul 2 2004	GREAT LOCATION		
May 13 2004	Convenient and Comfortable		
Mar 29 2004	Great Location		
Jan 8 2004	Great value and launching pad for vacationers		
Nov 6 2003 	Perfect for a city day		
Oct 1 2003	good value at Fishermans Wharf		
Aug 28 2003	excellent value		
Aug 15 2003	great location		
Jul 24 2003	Perfect locatioon		
Mar 5 2002	Columbus Motor Inn		
Jun 27 2009 	Kein anderes Hotel mehr in San Francisco ...		
May 21 2009	Einfaches gutes Hotel in Nähe zur Fisherman's Wharf		
May 19 2009 	Excelentes instalaciones a un precio accesible y buena ubicacion		
Apr 23 2009	Hotel super - trotzdem gemischte Gefühle		
Apr 22 2009	Kostenloses Parken zentrale Lage saubere Zimmer		
Mar 21 2009 	Buona Posizione		
Mar 12 2009 	Was ein schönes Hotel...		
Mar 2 2009	Hotel in guter Lage mit kostenloser Parkmöglichkeit		
Jan 18 2009 	Die perfekte Wahl!		
Dec 14 2008 	Ein wunderbares Motel in hervorragender Lage		
Sep 1 2008 	Muy buen hotel... excepto...		
Aug 24 2008 	Professionalità pulizia buona collocazione. Ottimo Hotel		
Jul 5 2008 	Super Lage mit Parkgarage.		
Jan 25 2008 	Gute location in der Nähe aller Sehenswürdigkeiten		
