Nov 26 2009	Good hotel great location	Good clean hotel in an excellent location two minutes from pier 39	
Nov 18 2009 	only for location	This as everyone says is a great location. Inside it is old and kind of yucky with small elevators and typical crap bathrooms. The best part other than the proximity to the Wharf is the fire pit outside. It's gas and it lets you hang out even when the weather is brisk. As far as a drink goes, there is a 7/11 kind of store right around the corner on the way to the water...works for us! The pool is outside but heated and has nice landscaping. We were with a reunion so did not have to deal w/the parking price but it was pretty high.	
Nov 16 2009 	Great Location	The Hotel has a great location and we were able to do everything that we wanted to in our long weekend. Staff was great! Room was on the small side, but good beds and a window that opened made up for that. We did have to move after the first night because of alot of noise from the Street. Trunks unloading from 2am until 6am so if you are a light sleeper you might want to ask for an inside room. Also no Restaurant or Bar. Great Fire Pit but without a drink it was not as fun. Safeway is 2 blocks away and we found that a cheap way to have a glass of wine.	
Nov 12 2009 	Radisson Fisherman's Wharf	Was nice Hotel, normal wear and tear but overall, price was reasonable and location was unbeatable!	
Oct 30 2009 	location location location	This hotel is wonderful to stay if you want to wake up and see the city. It is steps from fisherman's wharf San Francisco where there is nightlife, shopping, great food, entertainment, and scenery. It is very centrally located. I have stayed at this hotel many times. I am from San Francisco and I always stay here. It has parking, fitness center, continental breakfast, and great service. I highly recommend this hotel to everyone due to it 's economical prices. Whenever I am in town for business or pleasure I stay here.	
Oct 28 2009 	This is one of the most miserable stays I have had at a hotel	The staff was great but the condition of the building itself made our stay miserable. The air-conditioning would only work a few hours a day at most. You could not stay in the room past about 9AM because of the heat. We tried to get the window open but the windows were so old it ended up being a two person job and when we did get it open we had to deal with all the street noise. The sleep number bed was terrible because it wouldn't work. All in all a very miserable stay. They need to do some major work on this hotel	
Oct 22 2009 	Great location!	We recently stayed here for four nights. The room was nice but had a slightly stale odor to it. I usually travel with a small size Febreeze in my suitcase so after a few spurts - the room was OK. Sleeper Number Bed was good, we had a slight problem setting the our number. We had to call engineering to adjust the bed. They came up within 15 min. and had to reset it. After that, everything was alright. Staff was very nice esp. the housekeepers who greeted us everytime we were in the hallways.Bathroom was good sized. Nice toiletries. There was an issue with our toilet. One night it would not flush after someone had just used it before within 5 minutes. You had to wait a least 20 minutes or so. However, the next evening there was no problem (something was wrong with the water system that night?) so I didn't need to contact the Front desk.There were problems with the internet connection - esp. with logging in- sometimes it worked, sometimes it didn't.The best part is the location of the hotel. You are so close to all the Wharf sites.: Boudin bakery (great for breakfast, if you like just a roll and coffee) , Pier 39, the Ferry Bldg, Ghirardhelli Square, and many restaurants. If you can manage the hills, you can walk anywhere within 30-40 minutes. We stayed here about 2 years ago but I'm not too sure if I would stay here the next time given the sporadic problems we had. On the same visit 2 years ago we also stayed at another nearby hotel which was very nice. Considering that the both hotels are in the same price range, I would probably stay at the other facility if we return to the area again.Also, as stated in the other reviews, parking is very expensive here- including tax, etc. it came to $42. for one night. If you are renting a car, I would consider your rental timing carefully. For me, to have the car just sitting on the parking lot for $42. would be a waste of my money. San Francisco is very pedestrian friendly and the public transportation is easy to use. We rented a car on the last day to visit Napa Valley and were driving down the Pacific Coast the following day.	
Oct 13 2009 	What a [--] hole	OMG, £130 FOR 1 NIGHT IN THIS TIP?. sucks bigtime I would not have housed my dogs in this place!! My tip to you stay away from this tip.	
Oct 10 2009 	Great Stay Great Location couldnt ask for much more	Stayed for 2 night Jan/Feb 2009. Great location, Friendly Staff. My room over looked Fishermans Wharf.	
Oct 9 2009 	The Radisson Fishermans Wharf	The hotel was comfortable, quiet, clean, free wi-fi, helpful concierge, very near the F line trolley which takes you all the way thru the central area &amp; ends up in the castro.Could not say anything negative about this hotel. The Radisson in Europe tend to be very modern, new &amp; minimalist. This hotel was not up to the European standard for the chain however, was still a good standard of decor, cleanliness with a very comfy bed.	
Oct 8 2009 	Conveniently located especially if you love the ocean and sourdough!	My hubby had a business trip, and our tot and I went along. We had a wonderful little get-away; so glad to have had the opportunity to stay within walking distance to so much to see and do! Across the street is Boudin's Bakery and Cafe/Store/Restaurant and a short walk away is Pier 39 in all its glory!	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Location!!!	This hotel is in the middle of all the attractions and restaurants in the fisherman's warf area of San Francisco. The hotel is old but in good condition and our room was clean and we had a great view of the bay out our window.The only problem we had was with the wifi connection. It did not work very well and we spent lots of time on the phone with a technical support person trying to get it to work.	
Oct 8 2009 	Wish I could have stayed longer	The hotel was perfectly located, making everything within walking distance! We loved the accessibility to so many things, the recommendations made by the concierge for a little local restaurant for breakfast was perfect, the entire trip ended up being the the trip of alifetime!	
Oct 8 2009 	OLD HOTEL	Poor room!!Peeling paint, door dings, old carpet, dusty TV and expensive parking!	
Oct 7 2009 	Great Location --- Average Hotel	My wife and I stayed here for 2 nights as part of the tour ---- as we travelled with a large group ---- we were given various room types --- our room was a standard room with view to the car park. Room 2005 on second floor no balcony I saw some rooms have balcony with pool view anyway our room was small but ok for 2 nights only one thing I have to mention is an air-condition in our room was very filthy and noisy I can see lots of dust inside --- bathroom was also small but not too bad. This hotel does not have restaurant on-site but very easy to get around because it is in the perfect location --- if you looking for a good breakfast go to IHOP next to the hotel on the left hand side. Location of this hotel is absolutely perfect whatever you want to do ---- it's close to Cable car station, Pier 41 for Alcatraz etc.. On the back entrance of this hotel is towards fisherman's wharf so many bars and restaurants around --- especially Pier 39 we went to Fog Harbor Fish House for dinner it's on 2nd floor nice meal &amp; service with a very good view too ---- also we ate at Neptune Palace the same at Pier 39 very nice with beautiful view to Alcatraz.. Overall average stay but if you looking for better standard hotel try Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf opposite Radisson --- we went to have a look their room very nice. If we come back to San Francisco we will try better hotel next time.	
Sep 30 2009 	Good hotel expensive parking and slow internet	Good hotel, excellently located for the tourist traps around Pier 39. Very, comfortable beds and nicely appointed room. But $37.50 charge per night for parking can make a big dent in your budget and the internet connection is so slow it is virtually unusable.	
Sep 28 2009 	Good Location and excellent value	After reading several of the other reviews about the Radisson we were not expecting alot just a clean functional room. Somewhere just to shower and sleep. After a friendly check in we were so pleased to find that the room was not just a cupboard with a bed in it but fairly spaceious, very clean and well appointed. The bed was extremley comfortable and we had no problems with any noise. We stayed for 5 nights and found the location to be excellent. The only down side is that the pool does spend alot of the day in the shade but is more than ample for a quick splash and swim. Here are a few tips if this is your first visit to San Francisco. Book your tour trip to Alcatraz on line before going, it really is worth the trip. Don`t worry about taxis from the airport just leave the departure area and share a mini van. Its cheaper and just as good. We found a great place for breakfast which is less than two minutes walk from the hotel. Tuen right through the hotel main entrance and walk two blocks up to Taylor Street. Cross over and turn right. Darrens Cafe is on the left and does a great breakfast and the coffee is really good to. David Kim is the owner/cook and he does the eggs to perfection.I would really recommend the open bus tour within the first couple of days. It gives you a great overlay of the city but it does get chilly when you go over the Golden gate Bridge. This is a brilliant city to visit, hotel is ideally located and I don`t know why some of the other reviews &quot;down&quot; this hotel as it is quiet undeserved. Everyone we met was so friendly and helpful. Finally three things you must do, ride the cable cars and shop in the Levi store and do not forget to say hi to the Sea Lions at Pier 39 which is just 5 minutes away from the hotel.	
Sep 27 2009 	Beware credit card rip off	I'm sorry to say that even though we found this hotel quite nice, a good location particularly. We were dismayed to find by accident ( we went on line to check) that when we had checked in they had taken $150 from our credit card for incidentals. They didn't tell us this at any time, I was expecting them to take an imprint of the card in case of incidentals ( which we had no intention of incurring) Our hotel had been prepaid before we arrived so there should have been nothing to pay. I had to ring their accounting department from our next stop to find out what was going on. It took over a week for the money to be credited back.	
Sep 26 2009	left my heart in san fran	great location right down by the water and all attractions could be a little cheaper but it is a hotel in san francisco so not bad	
Sep 22 2009 	Good Location...	Only stayed for 1 night. using my Goldpoints account. Rooms look a bit dated but are spacious. Excellent location which makes it a good stay for people who don't want to travel in each day. Staff were helpful.No restaurant in hotel so used IHOP restaurant next door for breakfast.	
Sep 21 2009 	Location Location Location!	Couldn't have a better location for a first-time visit to San Fran. It is right in Fisherman's Wharf so there was lots to see and do within walking distance! We also bought a Sightseeing 2 day pass on the &quot;Hop On Hop Off&quot; tour bus and it was great!The rooms were roomy with sleep number beds. It could have used a little bit of an update to the decor but what you pay for is the location. Besides, how much time do you really want to spend in your room anyway?	
Sep 20 2009 	Convenient location room was comfortable	Stayed for three nights 11th 12th 13th September. Got the room using points. Worked out well. It is conveniently located and we liked the wharf area, plenty of interesting things to see especially at night the area is buzzing with people and you walk right out onto the street. The room I thought was good, we didn't get one of the balcony rooms the room actually looked directly into a car park but you could see the tower and city skyscrappers. Overall it met our needs and was comfortable. Parking is expensive $40 per night but convenient.We ate breakfast at Ihop next door for two days which was good and then walked to Pat's cafe which was excellent on the third day.	
Sep 19 2009 	Great View but expensive and tatty	This hotel is in a key position in Fishermans Wharf. We stayed in bay view rooms with a balcony, the view of the bay was good with a glimpse of the bridge on a fine day. The rooms were very 'tired' and could have done with some modernisation, it was all a little tatty. If we hadn't got a view room we would have stayed in the Hyatt which has much better facilities , is cheaper, and only two blocks back from Fishermans Wharf.	
Sep 19 2009 	Just the Basics but Great Location	I would actually rate this hotel somewhere between Average - Good. This hotel is in a great location and I felt very safe there. The room was clean and the front desk staff was nice. The problems I had were 1)the mattresses are extremely uncomfortable and that fact can not be fixed with the nice linens they provided 2) the hotel parking lot sits on the Wharf - I didnt understand why the hotel itself did not face the Wharf but there is probably a reason, like noise from the Wharf, which we did not experience since we had the parking lot as a buffer! 3) the rooms are teeny tiny. We found this hotel on hotwire and paid around $120/night, but anything higher than that I would have felt a little overpriced. I would stay here again simply because of the location. I felt close to all the tourist attractions. I did not find the Union Square area to be very &quot;happening&quot; in the evenings so I did not feel like I was missing out on something by being near the Wharf.	
Sep 14 2009 	Not so sure about Fisherman's Wharf	We had a nice stay at this hotel but we weren't really sure about the location. The location was very convenient for Fisherman's Wharf, Pier 39, F Streetcar and the cablecars, however, as we were there over Labor Day weekend it meant that Fisherman's Wharf and the streets surrounding it were total mayhem which didn't endear it to us.The hotel itself was comfortable and clean but very basic. All in all a pleasant stay but I'm sure there are better hotels for the money.	
Sep 8 2009 	Great View	The hotel is a few feet from the wharf and we had a very nice view. The rate was very good for that area. I tried a few other hotels in the area but they were full. I would stay there again if I could not find something else newer. It was a little old but it looks like at some point they did an inside remodel. The hotel is probably the closest to the wharf in San Francisco. We have been there many times and love it, but next time we are going to stay up by Union Square for the shopping. The only negative was the long lines at the front desk; I went by it numerous times during our 4 day stay and I would say that the wait was always 20 minutes. The rooms are very small.	
Sep 6 2009 	Excellent location across the street from Fisherman's Wharf!	We stayed at the Radisson Fisherman's Wharf on our vacation to Northern CA. This was our first time staying at a Radisson and it was a nice place to stay. The hotel appears dated from the outside but inside the rooms are nice and clean with modern amenities. You can't beat the location since you can walk out from the swimming pool/courtyard area right onto Fisherman's Wharf! We did not have a room with a water view so instead we looked out onto the street and could see the bus/trolley station below. That didn't bother us since we kept the curtains closed and were out walking and sightseeing most of the time anyway. There are excellent views of Alcatraz from the Radisson parking lot. The rate for this hotel was very competitive for the location at a AAA rate of $125.10 per night plus $38.90 per night for parking. Hotels in San Fran are very overpriced so this was a deal! They do have free wi-fi so we enjoyed that. The bed was clean and comfortable. In fact it was so comfortable we didn't even try out the Sleep Number feature because it was already at an ideal setting. The bathroom is clean with recently redone floors and lots of counter space. We would definitely stay here again!	
Aug 27 2009 	Great value hotel in a terrific loation	We got this hotel through a deal on Hotwire, so we paid under $50 a night. It was a perfectly good and clean hotel. Great location, staff were very friendly and more than helpful when we needed to know about the public transport system.	
Aug 25 2009 	Hotel needs help.	Upon arrival the front desk staff were friendly and helpful, even though they had us booked for 4 rooms instead of 2. It was resolved after I showed my confirmation paperwork, so take this along for check in issues. As a Gold Points Radisson member, I found it odd that the front desk attendant asked me several questions about how the program works....maybe she was new. Only having 1 night in town, we promptly dropped our bags in our room upon arrival, and hit the streets. Hotel is in a great location. It was not until much later when we returned and got in bed, that we realized that our room reeked of mildew, and the airconditioning vent was so covered with black dust/dirt, that we were actually afraid to turn it on and go to sleep. Thanks God the wharf is cool at night. We toughed it out since it was only a 1 night stay, but if it was longer, we definitely would have had to change rooms and hope for the best. This hotel is close to the saying &quot;you get what you pay for&quot; but we were expecting it to be a little nicer, since it wasn't cheep and is a Radisson. Reminded us of the dive hotels down the Jersey shore that we'd stay in as teenagers, but unfortunately we're not any more. Its the perfect place if you just need a crash pad for a night at a decent price in the wharf.	
Aug 23 2009 	Great location friendly staff 	My husband and I stayed at the Radisson four nights and it was a very positive experience. The location is perfect, one block from Fisherman's Wharf. Ihop, Johnny Rockets, Subway, and 7-11 are on the same block. The staff was friendly and helpful. We were on the 4th floor, corner room and had a fantastic view of the city. We had read about the loud A/C, so came equipped with earplugs. The bed &amp; pillows were extremely comfortable. The room was small, but was adequate. Most importantly, the room was very clean. Yes, we would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 23 2009 	As on the Moon " Location Location Location.	The Hotel is a bit ordinary, A square box as such, nothing special but the rooms are adequate even if a little small. We stayed there for our 2 week holiday in July 2009. WE Would not go back to this hotel if we were looking for luxury but it's location made up for everything else. Our concergierg was amazing. His name was Ron Davis. When we askes A simple question about an area in SF we got a complete history. A really nice and interested man. Radisson You should look after him . He is a treasure. There is so much to see and do in the area that you should not dwell on the short cominging about this hotel. It is ok for sleeping purposes. If you are in SF this hotel is where you need to be.	
Aug 18 2009 	Great location- homely if a bit dated	This is a workmanlike hotel i.e. provides a decent room, solid service in a great location. Its not plush but did a fine job for what we wanted i.e. seeing the area for 3 nights in reasonable comfort.ProsRoom was reasonable size, clean, homelyService was fineOn pier 39 great views of the bay, Lots of restaurants- try Boudin upstairslots of activities- e.g boat trips, toursSan Francisco centre about 15 mins via the tramSan Francisco is great!ConsCorridor areas tiredBathroom smallLobby smallPool smallNo restaurant	
Aug 17 2009 	Location location location	Our first impression of this hotel was old and outdated. However, the staff were very friendly and informative. The beds were hard. The carpet had a very wet and sticky area that we informed the front desk about and were told they would take care of it while we were out, but surprise they never did. This hotel was not a usual Raddison but for the price it was o.k...As for the comment from the honeymooners who had time to inspect behind the toilet paper roll, didn't you have better things to do on your honeymoon?? Don't know if I would stay at this hotel if not for the location.	
Aug 15 2009 	Super location	The best part of this hotel is the location. Only a few blocks from the Wharf, Pier 39, the cable car turn around, restaurants, shops and even a grocery store. The hotel itself is very dated. We were fortunate to have paid less than $150/ night which is pretty good in San Francisco. Therefore our expectations weren't that high. We were on the second floor and the view out our window was that of headlights of the cars parked in the lot outside. The floor in the room did appear grungy. The bathroom was clean and updated compared to the rest of the place. There might have been noise, but we were so tired after walking the city each day, we didn't have trouble sleeping. I didn't mind the fact that a restaurant wasn't in the hotel, because we prefer to eat at the local establishments and there were plenty nearby. Had we paid more, I would have been disappointed with the quality. However, if I got another good price like I did this time, we would stay there again.	
Aug 15 2009 	Listen to the other reviews	This hotel has to be one of the poorest excuses for a Radisson. Don't go by the photos. Had 6 nights booked, was fortunate to leave after 2 nights and go to the Argonaut Hotel on the Wharf. A little more money but oh, so worth it. At the Radisson, had the bay front room. Yes over the parking lot where everyone did their smoking. Had to keep the window closed at all times. One review mentioned an odor in the room. It was not smoke, I don't know what it was but it came into the room at night even with the window open. Smelled like a sewer. The carpet was very soiled. The control to the bed was missing. Some guy from maintenance finally found it under the bed and blamed the maid. If you closed the window, your choice was this musty wall a.c. that was very loud. The lobby was a joke. Suitcases all over the place, no place to sit. Only about 6 chairs anyway. At arrival, some guy came out to greet us at the cab, then left. We thought he was going to get a cart. Never returned. If you wanted a cab, you had to wait in the line at the front desk to ask them to call a cab. This waiting could be as long as 20 minutes. No restaurent on site. Johney Rockets and I Hop next door. The photo of the pool looks large. It is not. Sitting outside is for the smokers. If you don't smoke, it is miserable. Don't even try this place. Go to the Hyatt, a block away, Holiday Inn down the street or the Argonaut. Even the Sheraton has to be five star compared to this place. Raddison needs to completely renovate this dump! Shame of them. Thank goodness we were able to move hotels, otherwise, we would have gone home to Orange County (CA). I&quot;m really nervous about ever staying in another Raddison, anywhere. Listen to the others.	
Aug 11 2009 	Excellent location for family break	I found this hotel good value for money. OK there are a lot of complaints on here ....with comments like &quot; stay at the Hilton &quot; ....I would be surprised if the Hilton was available at the same price as this hotel.With children aged 7 and 10 the location was excellent , especially with the access right on to the wharf.....the beds are very comfortable and I found the staff very friendly......The pool is a bit small but the kids loved it and did not stay in too long ......Only downside in my opinion is there is no bar or lounge area.......apart from that it is ideal for a short family break,.	
Aug 10 2009 	V disappointing: Shabby grimeyy noisy and poor value - there are many better options	I stay in lots of hotels and mostly don't write reviews - I only do so when I think a place is particularly deserving of praise or of having its shortcomings highlighted.We chose to end our 3 week honeymoon roadtrip staying in smaller, cheaper places with 3 nights here, having had good experiences with many other Radisson hotels. We had read some reviews but based on our previous experiences elsewhere figured it would be perfectly ok even if not the most stylish place - we just wanted a good night's sleep in a good location. Even with this modest expectation we were very disappointed.The prime location is the only reason I can think of that they can get away with keeping such a shabby place - we stayed in better maintained, fresher, more attractive motels at a fraction of the price. It looks like it was decorated by a depressed person in the 70's and not changed since. I twice saw the housekeeping staff needing help to lift their ancient, grubby carts with fresh towels and linen on the grubby rickety shelves beside dirty mops over the lip into the elevator. One of the ladies told me they had been asking for new carts for ages but no joy.- NOISY: We had a room on the 4th floor on the Beach Road side. The crappy, thin windows made it sound like every street car and truck was trundling right through our room. As others have said here, you hear everything from the hall, all the stomping and chatting and vacuuming. We bought ear plugs, didn't help much. Could not get a good night's sleep.The air con is really loud too - so loud in such a small room that we just didnt use it, even though we only wanted it on for half an hour to cool down the stuffy room a little.- SHABBY: I went to gently pull back the musty old net curtain to look out the filthy dirty window and the crappy cheap rail fell right off the window. The first view when entering the room was a giant, unsightly built-in-highschool-carpentry-class TV-wardrobe unit standing several inches from the wall with the back panel simply ripped open at the bottom to sticky, dusty cables from the TV to spill through. There was just enough space between this unit and the wall to carefully inch our case through the gap.Had to firmly shut the wardrobe door several times before it would finally stay shut - couldn't leave it open as it would then block the tiny passage way between the end of the bed and the TV unit.- GRIMEY: Only surfaces in immediate view were clean - every other nook and cranny behind doors, under desks, sinks etc had not had a good clean for a long time. There were clumps of grime in the space behind the toilet roll holder where they put a new roll to try and hide it - that is just sloppy work, a simply wipe in the corners every day and such lumps of grime could not build up. The location is good although in hindsight I would prefer to have been a few blocks away from Fisherman's Wharf - obviously nothing the hotel can do about that! There are many better options very close by.The bed was comfortable enough but nothing to rave about. Front desk and concierge staff were fine, nothing outstandingly awful but nothing outstandingly good either. And that's it. $45 a day parking, $5 for 10 mins internet in the lobby, $200 for a shabby, noisy, grimey room we couldn't wait to get away from - There are just not enough pro's to make up for this con.	
Aug 9 2009 	noisy in every aspect no food or drink very expensive	very noisy old a/c unit , bathroom fan,could hear next door running water at all hours ,children allowed to run up and down corridors at all hours, doors banging early mornings.no restaurant or bar.or room fridge. very expensive for what you get a total rip off. our advice is go somewhere else like the Hilton we have used the one in LA it far outstrips this dump.	
Aug 6 2009 	Great location - great hotel	I travelled in the peak for a long weekend in SF. Fishermans Wharf is fantastic location with great views (not from the hotel but just across the road). Hotel was right in the action. No complaints! Front desk were prompt and courteous, room was clean and well fitted out. The bed was the most comfortable that I had for my trip - I slept 8 hrs solid the first night. It was like sleeping in a cocoon at the soft setting. Easy access to restaurants and take away. Just a shame that San Fran is so cold in summer - I was not able to use the swimming pool. Internet access included which is a bonus.	
Aug 5 2009 	ideal location	What a perfect location - the hotel was friendly and clean and the concierge was extremely helpful when my daughter broke her arm. The rooms weren't huge but comfortable and the girls loved the adjustable beds we also had a great view of Alcatraz. The TV had a limited number of channels. Breakfast next door at IHOP was brilliant	
Aug 4 2009 	Excellent in every way!	Friendly check-in, extremely helpful concierge who gave excellent tips and directions, wonderful maid service. Nice, warm pool for the kids, while the adults enjoyed the fire pits. We were hesitant after reading some of the reviews, but we had none of the negative experiences posted by other people. Central location to all we wanted to do on Fisherman's Wharf. We stayed 4 nights, and would highly recommend this to others.	
Aug 3 2009 	What a rip-off!	First, I should say the positives. The staff on the check-in desk were great and the concierge was very helpful.What I didn't like.Booking the hotel suggests rooms with abay view. Theree are only 15 acxcording to the check-in desk.Our room 2079 seemed to be right opposite where the dumpsters were picked up. Early!On 3 mornings a week they street clean between 12 a.m and 6 a.m. Just great!No facilties fro breakfast. You have to go next door to IHOP or some such. Poor!Want a kettle to make tea? No can do. You have to get some hot water, go and buy some milk or go down the road. Or you are given the option to use the coffe jug and boil water in that! Tea that tastes of coffee? No than you.Do they not understand that English people like tea? Don't they get toursists?OK so I know the English are strange and arrogant, but does a hotel need to exact revenge for our indiscretions.Parking? Rip-off!Throughout our whole stay in the USA all hotels were better value and had more facilities than the Radisson. It was suppose to be a highlight staying close to Fisherman's wharf with bay views. Ha ha ha!Radisson, you could learn from Holidya Inn Express, Days Inn and any number of small private hote;s you compete against.	
Aug 2 2009 	Well situated	Not too bad in my opinion, well situated close to Pier 39. Nothing remarkable either way really. Our breakfast was in the adjoining IHOP and I have to say it was the best breakfast we had in the states - hot, fresh and tasty.	
Jul 27 2009 	Don't Stay Here!!	Our room was tiny, the ancient air conditioning unit was extremely noisy, the vent in the bathroom was attached to the only bright light and was also very loud. The check in clerk told us there was no way to change rooms even though we checked in early and were there for two nights. The room looked out over the parking garage roof as many of the rooms did. The ice machine was broken. The halls were dark and depressing. There are many hotels in this area of town. Choose another one.	
Jul 27 2009 	Dated but ok.	As I said in the subject the decor is a bit dated. The hotel also smelt a bit funny but nothing to be concerned about. If you want the &quot;touristy&quot; area of Fishermans Wharf you couldnt be in a much better location, it's just out the back door.I did have to make 3 trips to reception before I could actually get into my room as there was a problem with my room key. The girl in reception was very helpful but the concierge didn't have a clue.It's not a bad spot and depending which side you are on you will either have a view of the city or alcatraz.	
Jul 12 2009	Never Again.	where would you like me to start?rooms: Average, lovely view over looking the car parks. Thin walls and ceilings, uncomfortable beds, not a lot of closet room. Bathroom was okay but that's about it.Maids: well a lot of things kept disappearing from my room- nothing of value which was weird but my clothes kept disappearing. they didn't close the bathroom door so that when you returned you opened the main door and hit the bathroom door so that the main door rebounds into you.Staff: Asked for a 5am wake up call as we had booked a trip to Yosemite costing over $300, luckily i had set an alarm on my phone because reception failed to phone and wake us up. They were NOT apologetic whatsoever when we complained they saw it as well you're up so what it matter now. whenever you entered the hotel/lobby there was no friendly welcomes no nothing. Location: yes its good to be on Fisherman's Wharf however you can get the bus down from Union Square which is fast and cheap and have a better hotel. Gym: What a joke. An old worn out treadmill and a few weightsSwimming pool: for mice it's so small.	
Jul 12 2009 	Fantastic Location	We stayed at the Radisson for 3 nights and loved it. The room wasn't the biggest or nicest that we've ever stayed in but it was very clean and the location was the best. The room was on a fairly quiet street and then you go out by the pool and thru a door way and you are on Fisherman's Wharf! The seals, Alcatraz, street performers, all right there. We loved the location, we walked to Pier 39 and to the cable cars, both easy walks and my husband wears leg braces and walks with a cane. The number of hotels and entertainment with in easy walking distance was great. The double decker bus tour was right outside our door. And when we left we walked across the street to Dollar Rental and picked up our car. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 10 2009 	I really wanted to like this hotel......	As usual, before our trip, I came to Tripadvisor to read the reviews. We really had a desire to stay near fisherman's wharf and weighed the pros and cons of the Radisson and the surrounding hotels. Also, I found that the Radisson had a King Tut package that seemed great - it included two tickets to the King Tut exhibit at the DeYoung Museum and two tickets to the Wax Museum just down the street from the hotel. Also included was parking. Oh, and the other factor in the Radisson's favor was that they now have Sleep Number beds! That fact sealed the deal!Well.......where do I start.....The hotel is across the street from the bay, and the majority of rooms do not have a bay view. I paid more for a balcony and got a courtyard view which was better than a view of the street or parking area. The room was small and had two double sized beds. They were sleep number but only had one controller for each bed, not one controller for each side of the bed as the queen and king beds do. I now can say that I do not like that type of bed. It was very hard to adjust and very noisy - - I was awake at 12 midnight listening to other guests in adjacent rooms adjusting their beds. Think of a leaf blower and that is the sound that it makes when it is inflating! - - The bathroom was very dated and the wallpaper was peeling in three different locations. There was mold on the grout near the bathtub....I would say it was comparable to a motel bathroom, not hotel. - - The aircondtioning sytem was a window system with a thermostat ... we either sweltered or froze in the middle of the night. - - Our card key would not work to let us into the hotel from the parking lot, so my husband had to walk way out of our way to let us into the hotel and our room. - - The maid knocked on our door at 8:30 a.m. on our morning of checkout to see if we were still there. Unfortunately, we were.There was a plus! There is a Johnny Rocket restaurant that can be accessed through the back of the hotel. It was a great treat for my daughter as she played the jukebox on our table.The only other plus I can think of is the location. It is on Fisherman's Wharf.Next time, I think we will be staying in one of the nicer hotels near Union Square and taking the cable car or taxi. This place was a nightmare.	
Jul 8 2009 	Enjoyed My Stay	This hotel was a good value. The room was a nice size and comfortable. It has a safe in the room and free internet. The sleep number bed was very comfortable. I booked a room on the courtyard and was surprised to find a good-sized balcony where we could sit and enjoy the weather. You cannot beat the location for access to everything San Francisco has to offer.	
Jul 3 2009 	Good location but.....	Great location near fisherman's wharf etc however the hotel is in need of complete renovation. Seems stuck in a drap 1980's timewarp - OK if you like Duran Duran but otherwise not.... Cleaniliess in the bathroom left a little to be desired, we found dark black hairs on the the shower and bathroom floor which would be alright if we had black hair but as we don't we were left wondering whose they were and how well the room was cleeaned.Very noisy hotel room. We were woken at about 5 am each morning when the bins were emptied and then the trams started. The whole room also shook anytime a large vehicle passed by. Think the hotel should be completely taken apart, renovated and updated to give it a clean modern feel.	
Jun 27 2009 	Perfect location pity about the service.	Location-directly on Fishermans Wharf-is great, but you feel that the staff make far less effort because people will keep coming back anyway. Resrvations were not run together twice despite asking, so keys kept cancelling, leaving us stranded with bags of shopping outside our room (would not have been such a problem if the lifts were not so busy and SLOW) or with a queue behind us at the parking barrier. Internet dodgy, to say the least, and maids had the annoying habit of knocking on the door EVERY morning to ask if we were checking out, and if so, when.	
Jun 26 2009 	OK	The hotel is selling location. They are right in the middle of Fisherman's Wharf. I was able to work the internet to find a reasonalbe price of $100/night. This sounds good until you factor in parking. at +$40/night the value for staying was definately deminished. The hotel is an older building but the rooms are clean and adequately furnished. Starbucks and Safeway supermarket (sells beer and wine) are 2/3 blocks away.	
Jun 23 2009 	great locationbut nothing else	stayed at the wharf on the 16th. Got a pretty good price of 130.00 a night. what you pay for is the location, it is right across the street from the wharf. most of the rooms are not bay views. if you take a car it is an extra 45 a night including tax. you do not need a car if you are staying here, so don't get one. the sleep number was nice, did not hear and disturbing noises because of thin walls. if i had to do it again i would stay at the holiday inn, it has a free breakfast, parking was not as expensive and it is a block from the wharf. or i would rent a car stay across the golden gate and take a ferry to the wharf if ou wan to see it. best view to eat on the wharf was bubba gumps, food was over priced but everything is in san fran. i can only recommend this hotel for the location.	
Jun 18 2009 	Radisson Fisherman's Wharf	For our honeymoon trip I booked the 'bay view' room for a week at Radisson Fisherman Wharf. The bay view also included the hotel car park though, which wasn't quite what I had in mind.For $280-$300 a night, the room looked like it had been frozen in time since in about 1985. Very poor value and not a place that I would recommend to any traveller at these prices.You COULD just about swing a cat around in the bathroom, though the soggy toilet paper - caused from the water dripping from the basin next to the toilet - would surely have cushioned the moggy's impact.The fitness centre though had curiosity value, as the equipment looked like it had been been shipped over from the prison when it closed in 1962. More a museum than a gym in my opinion.The location (directly opposite Pier 39) was the hotel's only saving grace. Avoid at all costs otherwise.	
Jun 17 2009 	Great location - great value!	My wife and I stayed here our first time in San Francisco. The location was close to everything and easy to get to public transportation to tour the whole city. Even took BART and the trolley right to the door from the airport. Rooms are clean and newly redone, nothing special, but certainly more than adequate. The concierge was so helpful in giving directions and all of the staff very nice. Plenty to do and loads of touristy restaurants right on Fisherman's Wharf. Just a short trolley or cable car ride to fine dining.	
Jun 15 2009 	Location location	Unbeatable wharf location. Close to all shops/dining. Expensive parking. Rooms and bathroom a bit small but clean and comfortable. Nice balcony with two chairs/table view of bay and city. Front desk staff was very fast and pleasant. Very cozy outdoor fire pit area that was perfect to sit by with a drink and relax after seeing all the sights.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great staff.	The staff was very nice and helpful. We got there early and they let us check in well before check in time. The rooms were a little small but they served the purpose for my husband and myself. We really didn't like area to much, Fisherman's Wharf was too crowded to stay at for any length of time. Plus the restuarant in the area were a little too expensive. The outdoor area in the hotel was nice, it had a fire pit and wicker furniture around it. We sat out there a lot at night.	
May 27 2009 	Noisy 	we stayed for 4 days &amp; were unfortunate to pick the same few days as a 160 strongyouth choir from Michigan.. they absolutely ran amok the first night ..shouting &amp; running up and down corridors until about 4.00am..then the dust cart started collecting rubbishoutside..we did,nt get any sleep the first night..several people were complaining at the front desk &amp; we added our views..the choir leaders were approached by the management &amp; the second night was quieter.. but the third night was even worse than the first night..we heard there was a fight between Hotel guests &amp; choir members on the floor below..we certainly would not go back..to this Hotel or fishermans wharf	
May 26 2009 	Superb location but very limited facilities	Hotel was in ideal location for Fisherman's Wharf with a back door leading out to Jefferson Street. Our room had fantastic views of Alcatraz and the Golden Gate Bridge, but we did have to pay a very high room rate to secure that. Disappointing that there was no bar or restaurant at the hotel.	
May 25 2009 	Average hotel great location	We hadn't planned on staying in San Francisco on this trip but ended up leaving wine country early. We did no research we just did a search on our navigation it was very close to pier 39 so we checked they had room a decent price. The hotel was nice for the most part we had easy access to our car there is also an IHOP on the corner nice for breakfast. The only thing we didn't like was that the layout of the hotel wasn't the best. Other than that good stay.	
May 23 2009 	Great Location	Radisson is a great no frills hotel right in the middle of the &quot;tourist trap&quot;. That said, it is within walking didtance of all the piers etc around Fishemans wharf. Good value.	
May 6 2009 	Wouldn't consider anywhere else	We are in our early fities, and this was our first trip to SF. I did a tremendous amount of research to prepare our itinerary. Our number 1 priority was to stay &quot;on the water, with a view from our room,&quot; so we chose the Radisson after looking at the pictures on various websites of the &quot;waterfront&quot; hotels. We stayed in room 4117, and I can't even begin to tell you what a tremendous view we had ( Alcatraz , Golden Gate Bridge, Fisherman's Wharf people watching spot, and the magnificent Pacific sunsets.) Yes --- it's not the latest and greatest hotel in SF, but that doesn't matter to us. We're willing to sacrifice to get what we want. Our room was as clean as most of the places we've stayed in, and every employee we met throughout our stay went out of their way to say &quot;hello&quot; and asked us if we needed any help. I originally had a reservation at the Argonaut (very highly rated, on the water.) However, I changed it to the Radisson because it was 1/2 the cost, and I just couldn't see the &quot;waterfront&quot; on the Argonaut pictures. We walked down to the Argonaut one day to check it out, and we just didn't see how any of their rooms' views could possibly compare to ours. I wouldn't even consider staying anywhere else if we ever go back to San Francisco (an incredibly fun/educational/scenic vacation, by the way!)	
Apr 24 2009 	Great Location..but...	This is undoubtedly a great location. Right on Pier 39 and it's quick and easy to catch the F trolleys to downtown. That said...at first we thought the rooms were great and quiet. Until the weekend. The sleep number beds are a play thing and you can hear them blowing up through the walls. Also...it was a bit noisy. We could hear the traffic and street sounds through the windows. The rooms are definitely in need of some upkeep but not disgusting by any means. Black marks on the walls..bit of wear and tear in the bathrooms etc. The staff was nice, when not swamped. There seemed to be a line for everything, the concierge, the front desk, coffee. It's a busy hotel. While you have a great location...the hotel experience is just nothing exciting. There are several hotels in the area that are just as close and easy to reach as this Radisson. When we go back to San Francisco we will most likely stay at a hotel away from the wharf and closer to Market street. In order to use public transportation anywhere..the trains, buses and trolleys all headed to Market street, so it would be much more central. Also while the wharf is fun..it's pricey to eat and spend much time there. It's such an easy place to get to via trolley that I wouldn't worry about staying a bit further away. Positives: The pool was nice, clean and warm. It was 91 degrees while we were there..so the pool was great.	
Apr 22 2009	The best location to stay in!	This is the best hotel to stay in if one is a tourist and is looking to explore the city and its culture. It has the best view as soon as you step out the back entrance of the hotel which is pier 39 and the bay. Lots of great restaurants, great transportation of trams, street cars etc and best of all, everything is right there including an IHop. You can even walk to the Embarcadero which has this awesome Thai restaurant called Osha Thai and the Farmer's Market. And Johnny Rockets is right outside your door! The only flip side was that housekeeping chose to ignore the Do Not Disturb sign a couple of times. Staff is helpful and very cordial and the rooms are spotless and super clean with an adjustable pillow and mattress setting. Great price of a 100 dollars a night was the rate i got on the hotel website. Have gone back again since. 108070900	
Apr 14 2009 	Great location next to most attractions and short walk to cable car	Stayed there with the family for three nights and the location next to Pier 39 was excellent and we dine there two times. There was a 3-5 min walk to cable car stations and that was lot of fun and if visiting San Francisco again, I would choose the hotel only for that reason as well. Fisherman's Wharf area is cool even in the middle of Summer, so please be prepared for that.	
Apr 10 2009 	Location...Location...Location	Stayed over the weekend of 4/4-4/6 and it was a fantastic part of our vacation. The weather was unusually perfect for SF...70's warm and sunny w/ no fog. The hotel is in the best &quot;tourist&quot; location by far. Across the street from the fish markets at Fisherman's Wharf, Boudin's Sourdough, and Pier 39. If you're traveling w/ kids, Pier 39 is more family oriented w/ many restaurants and the sea lions. It is also cleaner and safer...w/out the street people you'll see by the wharf (remember its a city) and within walking distance of streetcars, cable cars, and Alcatraz ferry. It's a Radisson and the rooms were clean, comfortable, and maintained. Updating or refurbishment will be necessary at some point but must be difficult as the hotel always seems to be booked due to its location. There is an IHOP restaurant and a Johnny Rockets connected to the Radisson which were both fine for breakfast. There are certainly nicer hotels in Union Square downtown but they seem to cater to business travelers. Overall, we would stay here again. The Holiday Inn, HI Express, Hilton, and Sheraton were nearby and looked to be comparable but are a few blocks in from the wharf. Unlike some other reviews, we did not find it to be noisy at all and the front desk staff were friendly.	
Apr 7 2009 	Good location but a bit needs updated	Stayed here for three nights. Location is great but hotel decor was disappointing. A bit drab. Room was average with a view of the car park. No bar just coffee bar which also does snacks. Outdoor sitting area was fine. has a gas burner for the colder evenings and a pool. Asked for a change of room for a view but the staff were not too accommodating. However the Conscierge was very helpful when ordering us a taxi. A really nice gentleman who even knew all the best lines from Clint films.	
Apr 6 2009 	Great location	Great Hotel in best location. No fridge in room. Rang reception as from Australia where every room has fridge, they delivered one to room in 10 minutes, no cost.	
Apr 6 2009	Great location"	My family and I stayed here in Nov. 2008 and were very happy with this hotel.It is located right in the heart of Fisherman's Wharf and only steps awayto many restaurants and shops.The front desk staff were very courteous and helpful and seemed happy to have us asguests.A bellman helped with our luggage and gave us an overview as we walked to the room.We had a lovely view of Alcatraz and enjoyed watching the boats on the bay.The room was very spacious --especially the bathroom. It was one of the nicest hotelsbathrooms I've ever seen!The beds were very comfortable and our room had a mini fridge.We definately recommend this hotel.	
Apr 2 2009 	Look Elsewhere...BOO-HISS	Okey, so the price was good cause I stayed 5 nights but you will get a room facing noisy Beach Street not the wharf unless you wish to pay the $250 and up price tag for the view rooms. Plugged my computer into their power strip over night and awoke to a fried hard drive... BRING YOUR OWN SURGE PROTECTOR. Beverage maching ate my money the first night, put a sign on machine and alerted the lobby... they took off the sign but didn't fix the machine... ever... No little fridge in room (or microwave) so that left us to cart gallons of bottled water for drinking (tap water sucked) and one or two cans of coke to sit in tiny ice bucket per day. Desk staff was surly but maids were pleasant and thorough.	
Mar 30 2009 	Ideal location for short stay	Comfortable with great service and advice for visitors. Walk out of the door and have great choice of Ferry rides, tram routes, shops, restaurants,fish bars,and views of the Bay.	
Mar 26 2009 	Best Family Location in SF	We've stayed in other locations in SF, but didn't feel as safe after dark as at the Radisson, as it's entrance is across the street from Pier 39. There was so much to do in the City with the family, that spending time in the hotel seemed like a waste of time, and location, cleanliness and safety were paramount. We were lucky to get a great deal online directly with the hotel, so it also scored on value. We walked through the Argonaut, the Sheraton and the Hilton to plan for our next trip, but the kids insist that we stay at the Radisson due to its prime location. We stayed on the east side on the fourth floor and had no concerns with noise, but I would stay away from rooms by the elevators.	
Mar 17 2009 	Nice conveniently located hotel	Great location for exploring San Francisco and the surrounding area. The F-line street cars run straight past the hotel which is great for accessing the downtown area, but this does lead to some noise if you are in the front of the hotel.It is in the centre of Fisherman's Wharf so all the local attractions like Pier 39, restaurants and ferries are within 5/10 mins walk.There is a 7-11 round the corner for any essentials needed, with a larger supermarket (Safeway) a couple of blocks away.The historic cable cars are a few minutes walk away.I'd definitely recommend this hotel as a base for exploring the fantastic San Francisco.	
Mar 10 2009 	crummy hotel would never go back	how could this place ever get 3 stars no bar no restaurant no fridge. The rtoom appeared clean until you opened the curtains where there were layers of dust and we did not dare turn on the air con as it was solid with dust.To be fair staff were friendly and the location was good on the front and quiet but for nearly $200 a night I felt it was a complete rip off!	
Mar 9 2009 	would not stay here again	The Hotel is in an excellent location, but is not worthy of being a Radisson hotel. The rooms are shabby, and dont expect a good nights sleep as the windows are not double glazed, and the noise from the traffic keeps you awake. The hotel is in the best location on pier 39, definately recommend the hotel due to its location, but sadly the hotel is in need of refurbishment.	
Feb 26 2009 	grubby hotel but in a superb location for sightseeing	this hotel was shabby, service was bad and the swimming pool was too cold to use for more than a minute at a time.The room was clean but dated.I would not stay here again but if you were planning on not spending much time in it then it makes a good base for sightseeing but other hotels very nearby would probably be more comfortable.	
Feb 21 2009 	Fantastic location!	This was by no means our first trip to San Francisco, but it was the first time we actually decided to find a hotel in the Fisherman's Wharf area. We stayed at the Radisson and it fully met our expectations. Nice, comfortable rooms with all amenities, great and helpful staff and because of its location, having the entire city at your fingertips. Pier 39 and its attractions is right across the hotel, in fact we were woken every morning by the sounds of the famous sea lions over there. If you want to go Downtown, the historic streetcars of the F-line stop right in front of the hotel, and hop-on-hop-off sightseeing buses are just one block away.The hotel does not have a restaurant but with an IHOP next door and all the Fisherman's Wharf restaurants within walking distance, as well as a 7-11 convenience store around the corner, one does not really need one. The only drawback of the hotel is the rather poor soundproofing of the rooms, which, however, seems to be a feature of many SF hotels. We enjoyed our stay there and next time we will for sure try to go back!	
Feb 18 2009 	Not insulated for sound needs upgrades	I give this one a 2 star since it was at least clean and it is located in a great spot. It has nothing else going for it. As one of the reviews mentioned, this location is not what I consider to be Raddison quality. It is an old motor inn. Don't expect anything more. You can hear everything going on outside your room in the hallway and in the rooms next to you. The plumbing makes a substantial amount of noise. The card key access points at the various doors work inconsistently and sometimes take a few minutes to accept the card and/or open the door. I personally don't like sleep number beds and that is what we got. I woke up with my neck sounding like popcorn (inflammed). I was cranky after two nights of sleep and when we left with our car, we were locked out, even though we had paid for two full days (48 hours) of parking at check in. They &quot;reactivated&quot; our card so we could leave and said that it was good until 1 pm even though we had checked in at 4 pm two days before. (How nice of them. I think we still got swindled since 1 pm is only a full 45 hours in my mind.) Anyhow, expect to leave cranky and ready not to recommend this place to anyone. I am sticking to Best Westerns and Hyatts. Pay more and stay in the financial district. Even the Sheraton next door looked more appealing.	
Feb 10 2009 	Best place to stay on Fisherman's Wharf!	We went to S.F. to celebrate our 12th wedding anniversary. We wanted a place that was reasonable priced, within walking distance of public transportation, and had a lot of areas to sight-see nearby. The Radisson was it. The staff was fast and friendly. When we asked questions, they had the answers. The courtyard was being updated and new furniture was brought in. They planned to have a fire pit installed by the end of the week-would have liked to see it! We had never been to S.F., so did all our research by internet. The room was on the small size, but we don't need a lot of room to sleep. Always clean. Public transportation w/in blocks of hotel. We were totally pleased and will recommend this hotel to our friends.	
Feb 1 2009 	Great Location not radisson quality	We stayed at the Radisson Fishermans Wharf for 3 nights and adored our time in this beautiful city. The hotel is in a great location wereby it is peaceful and great for exploring but also has easy access to the city. The hotel is basic and not like a Standard Radisson in the UK. Rooms are clean, small and basic. There are not many facilities at the hotel- the pool is small and there is no restaurant only a food cart for breakfast. The hotel is great for a short stay if you just want to get out and explore. Ensure you get good value for money with this hotel as it is very similar to a travel lodge.	
Jan 18 2009 	Where to start???	Where to start??If you book with this hotel and are expecting to get a room overlooking the Bay (with or without a balcony) they are VERY limited. Even if you pay extra at the time of booking to get the room it is not guaranteed (which we found only on arrival). We had rang the accommodation a day before to confirm our room booking as it was our 1st Wedding Anniversary.Our flight was delayed leaving Vancouver and then our pre-booked transportation was also delayed so we arrived later than expected. We finally checked in at 8:00pm and with no one waiting it took half an hour to check in. After negotiating our way through the long corridors (rooms all packed in like sardines) we got to our room which was on the 2nd floor and to our surprise it had no Bay View which we had booked. After discussions with an “assistant manager” we were told we should have checked in earlier and was also told that calling a day before to confirm didn’t guarantee our room even after they confirmed it. So at 10:00pm we were no better off.We hadn’t eaten and asked for some directions for a place to get some food. The directions and information supplied where very disappointing. The next day we found that there was a Safeway Supermarket open until midnight one street over and one street over the opposite way was all the restaurants etc.We did finally get a room that overlooked the bay but it didn’t have a balcony. It was to cold to use the pool which was not heated enough to go swimming. For peak time of year they were repainting the concrete around the pool area and was roped off most of our trip.In both rooms the exhaust fan was very noisy and at night you could hear it rattling and when advising the front desk the response given was maintenance would check it out but nothing came of it in our stay.The concierge(s) didn’t really want to help and only really did for those who came in on a large bus tour bookings. There was no restaurant/dining area or bar unless you are happy to eat fast food. The only good thing about this place was the cleaning staff they did an exceptional job and were very polite.I really don’t understand how this place has a high star rating as its service and ability to even care was way below the standards of other places we have stayed with a lesser rating.Unrelated to the accommodation: For those who are unaware some attractions e.g. Alcatraz can require pre-booking tickets up to a month before your visit day unless you get them through a street tour seller which comes with another attraction. And the bike riding companies who suggest you ride to Sausalito and catch the ferry back with the tickets supplied and timetable don’t advise that there is a limited number of people with bikes that can get on the ferry and the later you get in to Sausalito the likelihood of actually getting a ferry back is not very high in peak season but it is a nice ride to do and well worth it if your fit.	
Jan 2 2009	Great Location	The location is great (ask for a room with a Bay view, and you can see Pier 39, Alcatraz, etc.)The hotel is a bit of a rabbit warren with long widing corridors. Rooms fairly spacious, but all a little &quot;tired&quot; (the catch on the window fell off, some peeling paint).The extractor fan in the bathroom was extraordinarily powerful and noisy, creating a draft in the room. We put a dry flannel up to the vent and it stuck from the suction, which reduced the flow and noise a bit.We got good rates with an AARP discount, though parking is expensive (a San Francisco thing!).No proper breakfast available - go to the IHOP adjacent to the hotel rather than the overpriced breakfast buffet cart in the lobby.	
Jan 1 2009	Great base to tour city	Stayed here for 4 nights in December.Our room over looked Beach street and like another reviewer mentioned was noisy with the sound of street car as not double glassed. However when in San Francisco you expect to hear that noise. It reminded where I was.We booked the hotel through our travel agent as part of a package deal on a cheap airfare to New York with a stop over in San Francisco which I had always wanted to visit.The hotel wasn't the cheapest of those given to choose from but had better reviews than others and based in Fisherman wharf area.Check in was easy and staff very friendly. The room was fine and clean which was what we wanted. The bed was big and one of those number beds.The area is easy to catch cable car, pier 39 close by and easy sight seeing.I hop next to hotel for breakfast which we went to once.Would stay here again if I needed to be in the area.	
Dec 27 2008 	Great Location	My 18 year old daughter and I recently spent three nights at the Radisson, Fishermans Wharf. We were booked through our local AAA (Automobile Club of Southern California), who got us a fairly good price which included daily parking, and a $50.00 gift certificate for Macys. Having parking included in S.F. is a huge deal, since the normal daily rate is very expensive. Upon check in, the staff informed us that they had run out of the Macys gift certificates, but they would take the $50.00 off our tab. That was fine with us. Our room was fine, a little on the worn side, but otherwise no complaints. The location is excellent if you plan on spending time in the wharf area. The only time we drove was when we went to Golden Gate Park to go to the California Academy of Sciences, the newest museum there (extremly crowded, I won't go back until it has been open for a long time). Otherwise, we used the cable car, and could have used the trolleys. Our only complaint is that our room overlooked Beach Street which is very noisy because of the trolleys which run all day and night. The hotel does not seem to have double pane glass windows which would have helped with the noise level in the rooms. Be sure and ask for a room on the side or warf side of the hotel. This is not a fancy hotel, but it suited our needs. We would stay here again.	
Dec 23 2008 	Good value hotel in a good location...	Good stay, nice rooms and free daily paper...Liked location to wharf. Car parking extremely expensive	
Dec 22 2008 	Location was great	Stayed here for 4 nights for a meeting. Check-in was quick and efficient, staff was friendly. The room was small but very clean and updated. There was some peeling paint on the ceiling. There was a power outage for about 3 hours while there, but was not hotels fault. Couple good restaurants very close buy, and all the shops of Pier 39 within a short walk. My room did look out on to the second level parking, but this was not that noisy. I could see Alcatraz from my window. Overall average experience, nothing special, nothing terrible.	
Dec 20 2008 	It's OK but it is a motel really!	Bit of a mixed bag for a first visit to SF. As some have pointed out, this can't be taken as a 4* hotel. It has neither restaurant nor bar and only provides a breakfast cart in the morning - and the food is not free! We stayed at a Travelodge down the coast for half the price that had free breakfast but I suppose it must be remembered this is a tourist are in a big tourist city.The good: Location, if you want to be on Fisherman's Wharf. Rooms are OK.The less good: Overpriced, frankly. If you can afford a little more I would stay in a &quot;real&quot; hotel in the area. We arrived after the published check in time and the rooms were not ready and not the ones we asked for when they were available. We had asked for smoking rooms but they claimed to know nothing of this and couldn't accommodate us when it was mentioned. Instead of taking note of the issue and saying they would try to sort it they told us to ask the following day if any smoking rooms were available. My advice is actually don't stay on Fisherman's Wharf at all. It is a tourist trap area and has little in the way of after-dark entertainment. I suggest staying closer to Union Square and visit the area.	
Dec 19 2008	I don't rate this hotel!!!	We stayed here as part of a tour, the last hotel of 7 it was supposed to be a four star but I certainly woudn't class it as that. One thing that really upset my stay was that they don't iron the sheets on the bed so you don't that they are clean and not from the night before. Location wise it was good but the hotel is very tired and in need of care and attention the staff wern't particularly helpfull	
Dec 17 2008 	Just what we wanted.	Booked through Southwest Vacations. Great central area, walking distance to trolley, bus service etc. Good neighborhood cafes for quick, affordable breakfast. Beach St. Restaurant our favorite for mornings. Ghiradelli Sq. and shops very close, excellent Vietnamese restaurant for dinner, called Ana Mandara Restaurant.Room comfortable, nice beds,quiet in hotel, refrigerator in room is helpful to save on meals out or for snacks. Grocery just around the corner for basics. Get room that overlooks pool, a bit noisy on the street side, but we were so tired each night, it wasn't a problem!Only complaint was you had to pay to use the internet in their office center in the lobby, not worth $5 plus to check personal e-mail. Free to print boarding pass, that was a nice feature.We arrived very early, 9 AM and planned to sight see, but checked with hotel and we were able to get into our room by 9:30 AM, staff very helpful and concierge knew the town and how to get there using the public transportation. Buy the muni-pass for 3 days (good on trolleys and all buses) and save on taxis and you can get everywhere you need to see, shop and eat!	
Dec 10 2008 	Not a 4* hotel but...	I just returned from a USA road trip, which included 5 nights at the Radisson at Fishermans wharf.As the header says, it's certainly not a four star hotel, but then again, you are not paying four star money to stay there.I paid less than $90 a night and had no problems what so ever with the hotel.My room was more than adequate. It was clean, quiet, and fairly spacious, and the hotel itself is located about as close to the wharf area as you can get.It's more of a motel than a hotel as there are no dining or bar facilities, but all you have to do is to walk out of the door, and there are endless places to eat and drink.All in all, I couldn't really find any fault with the place.	
Nov 29 2008 	Fantastic Staff and Location	We stayed at Radisson on the first night of our trip to the U.S.A on the 14 November. We arrived at 10am after a long flight from Australia. Check in was a breeze and made so easy by the helpful and friendly staff at the front desk. They couldn't have been more helpful and friendly, our rooms were ready and we were able to go upstairs straight away and freshen up before exploring Fisherman's Wharf. The location was perfect, so close to everything it just made it so easy to come and go without a long walk to drop of purchases throughout the day.I would recommend this hotel without hesitation, although the rooms are small and a little outdated they are spotlessly clean and the king room we had was more than large enough for a couple. The next morning after checking out we were able to have our luggage stored and the concierge was very helpful in organising a shuttle to the airport for us.I would definatley stay here again on our next trip to San Francisco.	
Nov 14 2008 	Excellent Location	We stayed at the Radisson for four nights and have no complaints. It is ideally located on the wharf which, yes is a bit touristy but is perfect for walking around day or night and has the best views of the bay being on it. We hired bikes on the wharf and cycled all the way to the Golden Gate Bridge and over it. It was great. There is a cable car terminal at the end of the wharf too near the famous Ghirardelli chocolate shop.The hotel was clean, the room large with a balcony. We would have had a great view of the water if there wasnt a tree in the way too. The pool is large and again clean and the staff are very friendly and helpful. The hotel is not posh by any means but is better than average I would say. I would recommend it to anyone staying in San Francisco. There is a 7-11 and other eateries nearby too. The pier for tours to Alcatraz is about a ten minute walk from the hotel also. The only downfall is the expensive parking but anyone who can find a hotel without this let me know.	
Nov 9 2008	Try somewhere else	This area of town is a bit seedy and very touristy which is great if that is what you are looking for. The hotel concierge, Ron, was excellent. The hotel is tired and very basic.	
Nov 5 2008 	Need some refurbishment	Hotel is conveniently located a few walking minutes away from Fishermans Wharf so good location for a tourist. Check In/Out employees have been helpful and profesionnal. However, the furniture and the hotel itself is pretty worn down. There were holes in my curtains and dust on the furniture. Worse was probably that the walls are about as thick as a sheet of paper and that i could hear the neighbouring rooms...	
Nov 3 2008 	Good location pleasant hotel...	Myself and two friends stayed here for 5 nights and overall had a very pleasant stay. The location is very good and the room (albeit very cramped for 3 adults) was clean and the beds comfortable. The staff were friendly and helpful. The only negative point for me was that hotel does not have a restaurant or bar area, but as there are so many bars and restaurants in the area don't let that put you off. Pier 39 is literally 2 mins walk from Hotel.	
Nov 3 2008 	Good hotel overall	My husband and I stayed two nights. The location is great, very close to the peers, trolly etc. The room is very spacious, bigger than the norm, service was good. The bed was average, in the hard side. Our room was 2000 close to the elevator, and we could hear the vibration/noise everytime it went up and down as well as noise from the street or parking and in addition there was weird noise coming from the ceiling (may be the neighbors from the floor above). Don't take me wrong, we were able to sleep fine, but if you are picky about noises, please make sure you tell them. The wireless internet is free but very slow. Please make sure to go to Buena Vista Pub about 5-6 blocks away and dring an Irish Coffee. We are both in our early 50's.	
Oct 28 2008 	Best Location ever!	Hi, just returned from visit to San Francisco, staying at the Radisson, Fishermans Wharf, what a place! Firstly, the staff could not have been more helpful, on arriving they saw how tired we were and quickly got us booked in, the room was brilliant, HUGE bed, like 2 double joined together, really clean, tv, coffee machine, all you need really. The concierge at the hotel was brilliant, he booked our alcatraz tickets for us (youve got to go there) he booked our taxi to the airport on leaving and even checked us in online and prebooked our seats. nothing is a problem to these guys! The location of the hotel was absolutely fantastic, as you walk out of reception, take the back way past the pool and a corridor leads you right out onto fishermans wharf! We could not believe how well placed it was.Attached to the hotel was a place called Johnny Rockets diner , a 50's inspired place, great burgers and breakfast too. The Wharf is brilliant, loads of shops, and about a 4 minute walk from the hotel is pier 39 with the sealions, and a boardwalk area with bars, restaraunts, shops,hard rock cafe and loads of characters! Brilliant atmosphere in the evenings, it is all lit up with fairy lights. So much to see and do, do it from this hotel, its brilliant.	
Oct 24 2008 	Close to Fishermans Wharf	Good location on top of Fishermans Wharf. Be aware parking is $35+tax per night but parking in the area is premium....Rooms were clean, hotel staff friendly. Tip: f you wish to check in online for you flight before leaving (and don't have your own facility) there is a free facility to the left of Reception....unfortunately this was not in the Hotel info guide so we ended up using the Business centre and being charged accordingly. Would I go back there??? No, public transport is so good I would stay somewhere else (probably the Fairmont)on the Cable car route and commute around. Anyway I would recommend the Radisson.....it just wasn't for us.	
Oct 22 2008	request denied.	hi ,request for bay view room totally ijnored,'but rooms were very clean .We stayed here four nights.Very handy for getting around .17 oct 2008 to 21 oct 2008. jim.	
Oct 10 2008 	Great hotel	Booked this hotel through travel agent and then read reviews - nearly every review was negative and obviously quite concerned we had made a mistake. Been there, done that! now - to find that this hotel was in a fantastic position, the room large, very clean, the bed really comfortable and the staff friendly. Stayed for 5 nights.	
Oct 4 2008 	Great Location...will return for sure	My husband and I flew down from Seattle for a mental health getaway. We had a fantastic time and well-needed break. The Radisson was very clean and near everything we wanted to see. We walked a lot, by choice, to see North Beach, Chinatown, etc. But the hotel was always close enough to stop by and take a break. We did not need our car for this trip...and the parking cost us $35./day. Next time we will forego the vehicle. One thing we absolutely enjoyed, and returned for the advanced tour was the SEGWAY tour....located near the cable car turnaround by the wharf. It was a highlight of our trip, and now my husband wants to buy one!! All the staff was great, and patient, getting us familiar with this &quot;toy&quot; so we could enjoy the 2 hr. tour of San Francisco. The advanced tour even took us down Lombard St. (the crookedest street)...what fun!!The staff at Radisson was great too....we will be back!!	
Sep 1 2008 	Great Location	We live only 25 minutes from SF and decided last minute to go one night Labor Day Weekend. We took our chances on Hotels.com to get a room w/ balcony. But no luck. Room was on the smallish side, but clean. The sleep number bed is truly a joke. My seven yr old found it hilarious to take it down to zero..too much like a toy. Still, if you have to share and sleep on the edge it's like having a 2x4 in your back. Yep, parking is $35 with a small parking lot that brought out the worst in folks when trying to get a stall. However, they let you check out and leave car until 7:00 at no extra charge. So we went to lunch and took a cable car ride before heading home. If you do this, you must check out and get a new key card to get let yourself out of the garage.  First time I've encountered an establishment who really heats the pool, and we had a nice swim. Pool area clean with tables, lounges and towels.Location to Pier 39 and Fisherman's Wharf is fantastic.So much fun just to ride down the elevator and be there!We found the staff to be accomodating with requests and the concierge was working his rear off to help everyone out.Though there are plenty of good hotels very close in distance to this, I would absolutely go back and just make sure I get the balcony room. That's one bonus most of the others can't offer.	
Aug 31 2008 	A Great Family Spot	We stayed at the Radisson for four nights in August and were very pleased. The rooms were new and extrememly clean. Every bed is a select comfort bed. The pool was heated to what was probably 90 degrees and the location is the absolute best. The only negative, and it's a minor point, is that many of the parking spaces are quite a tight fit.	
Aug 28 2008 	Very good location but needs refurbishment	The location of the Radisson is very good, right near the Wharf and to some good bars and restaurants.The hotel itself is in need of refurbishment but is clean which is the main thing. I would recommend paying the extra to have a balcony or view room as we ended up with a view of the car park. Some of the balconies overlook the bay and Alcatraz.Please note this hotel is not on a par with most of the Radissons I have stayed in - if you are expecting the normal Radisson standard you would be disappointed!The hotel doesn't have a restaurant but the IHOP next door is open 24 hours and there are loads of places to eat nearby.This is a good place if you just want somewhere to use as a base, but I would not say it is worth over $200.00 a night!	
Aug 27 2008 	5 days in San Francisco and Radisson	My daughter and i came down from Seattle and stayed at the Radisson for about a week. The B.A.R.T. train from the airport is the fastest and most affordable For the cost , and the location of the hotel was great. The people who work there were very friendly and proffesional.Alot of people have mentioned the IHOP nearby as a good place to eat,i disagree.The food was really greasy, the tables were not clean,the prices were too high. If you do eat there,get water and nothing else to drink.My daughters milk was over $3.00!There is a SAFEWAY a couple of blocks away, it is really small but you can still get some things affordable. Buy a good map which shows all the bus routes and stops, it wont take long to figure out and use the buses to get around. You can get to the Golden Gate Bridge,etc. The Haight/Ashbury district was a huge disappointment. The area was very dirty,rundown,and crime ridden. Alot of homeless and panhandlers. You should check out Colt tower, pretty neat. China town was exciting if you like store after store of cheap plastic crap no one wants. The wharf was cool and homeless were few. The Ripley was fun.Alcatraz was interesting, wear good arch shoes, alot of walking up and down hills. Overall it was a good trip, but then there is &quot;no place like home&quot;.	
Aug 25 2008 	Not up to Radission standards	Advertised as the only hotel on the wharf, which we fell for, but when you get there you realise that what they mean, is it is the only hotel with an entrance onto the wharf, and that there are loads of others to choses from, so do not be mislead by this. Opposite the front entrance is a large sheraton, holiday inn and others. Having previously stayed in 5 star radission in berlin, we were somewhat dissapointed by this hotel. Although our overall experience was fine, there are some shortcomings to point out. We had a 4 berth room, with 2 teenage kids. The room we were allocated was pretty small for 4 of us. The air conditioning unit inthe room was large, old and noisy. The decor could do with a face lift, and the furniture in the room very large and old fashion. The beds however were these new ones where you can adjust the level of firmness of the matress and were excellent. The bathroom was fine, and housekeeping was good. As far as the facilities were concern don't have too high an expectation. There is no bar, no lounge,unless you include seating for 6 people in reception, no food, however there is a breakfast cart open inthe morning if you want to pay over inflated prices for pastries etc. the fitness room is a small room with a couple of pieces of equipment in. Cant comment on the pool as we did not use it. A fantastic breakfast for reasonable money can be found at the ihop restaurant next door to the hotel. We found the consierge service to be excellent, and other staff friendly and helpful.Overall we would say that this was a good hotel for the money in a great location, just do not expect it to be your typical Radisson.	
Aug 21 2008 	Ticks the average box	First off, location excellent and San Francisco a wonderful place to visit. The Radisson was well located for Fishermans Wharf, access to the trams and local facilities such as cycle hire. As a tourist base it was excellent. As a hotel it served its purpose.Onto the hotel.Staff were ok and concierge helpful although we couldn't help but think that some of the recommendations were slightly skewed. A very pleasant breakfast location was suggested to the rear and right of the hotel about half a mile distant. $90 later for a family of 5 raised an eyebrow, only to find that if we had turned left and travelled 20 yards we could have found better food at two thirds the cost.Room walls were paper thin and we had to call security to ask them to speak to our partying next door neighbours. We may as well have invited them into our room for all of the sound insulation offered.Would we visit SF again? Absolutely!Would we stay at the Radisson Fishermans Wharf? Nah!	
Aug 9 2008 	Loved location but small room	Stayed 4 nights ending tour of California with partner and 18 y/o and 15 y/o children. This was the last stop for us and although the location of this hotel is great for Fishermans Wharf, we found the room to be the smallest we encountered on the tour.Considering the amount we paid for this hotel compared with others on this trip, we expected more in terms of room size. There was also a wait every time for the lifts.If what you are looking for is a convenient location and somewhere to lay your head then this accomodation is more than adequate but make sure you use the &quot;Privacy&quot; card in your door - housekeeping seem to start extremely early.We were lucky in that our room faced onto the parking area so we were never really disturbed by the early morning street cleaning but we also found the beds to be rather uncomfortable even with the sleep number system (we tried every combination from 25 to 100 without finding one to suit).Overall we were happy with the location of this hotel but would have preffered something a little larger and somewhere with a guest laundry which we missed.	
Aug 6 2008	perfect location	I booked our rooms on the hotel website and only payed $192 a night. The cab ride from SFO was about 15 minutes and cost about $45. The Radisson is situated perfectly between Fisherman's Wharf and Pier 39. The staff was excellent and the room was clean and roomy. I would highly recommend this hotel for families with children, or older couples. If my wife and I had been solo, we might have stayed somewhere more romantic.	
Jul 29 2008 	Great location!	Hotel was in a great location! Very close walking distance to all tourist attractions in the Wharf. Rooms are a little small but I have heard that this is the case with all hotels in that area. And we really were only in the room to sleep anyways. Front desk staff was very friendly and helpful. I was not a fan of the Sleep Number beds; I don't know what all the fuss was about. Bed was either too hard, or if we made it soft, then I could feel every time my husband would roll or shift during the night.Don' park a car if you don't have to, parking is $40/night at most area hotels, including the Radisson. The hotel also has a computer in the lobby which you can use to access the internet or print something out. Internet price was 50 cents per minute, with a minimum use of $5.00. Printing was $2.00 per page.The Wharf is very touristy, lots of souvenier shops that sell the same junk, but oh well. It was nice to be within walking distance of lots of stuff since we didn't have a car. Also, I would highly recommend using the local buses for transportation. It's $1.50 per ride and they go anywhere in town that you'll need. You can also get a 3 day pass for $18 that allows unlimited bus rides.	
Jul 21 2008 	should be better for the money and location	They do have a great location, but the rooms are very small and the parking is terrible and high...The front desk is very little help and the rooms are to expensive for what you get...the elevators are a nightmare....I probably will not stay here again...No amout of complaining helped...	
Jul 18 2008	Great location but very noisy room	We are a family of four (2 boys agen 9 and 11) who were touring California this summer - and we stayed 3 nights at the Radisson Hotel at Fisherman's Wharf i San Francisco. The location is super - just across from Pier 39 and walking distance to Alcatraz pier, tram and many other sights. We did not book in advance and must say we had a very small and quite worn-down room facing the street. From 6 am in the morning the was a lot of noise from delivery trucks reversing outside so do get a room facing the court. We enjoyed our stay - the pool was also OK - the kids liked it though the air temperature was cool. But the hotel could do with new windows for instance ...	
Jul 17 2008 	problems at the Radisson	Stopped at the hotel for 5 nights &amp; was dissappointed. The lobby was old &amp; tired which is an indication of the style of the rest of the hotel. We were allocated a room with a king size bed for three adults, they changed it after the first night but this is a problem at the hotel because 10 other rooms had asked to be changed because of the same bed problem. My sons new trainers were stolen on the room change &amp; after asking three times no one seemed bothered about the issue, i have since complained to Radisson direct on the satisfaction survey &amp; are awaiting a reply. The air conditioniong unit on the next room was old &amp; very noisy &amp; kept me awake for two nights, complained after the first night but took two days to repair.Great to see the bridge, trams, Alcatraz , Union square etc but 5 days was too long for us, would have preferred more time in Carmel etc, Sausalito accros the bay was great, the bike ride over the bridge fantastic but be aware of the weather, you can by a cheap fleece but don't go expecting sun bathing. oh , car parking charged at $37 dollars a day, two blocks down at $20.	
Jul 4 2008 	Mediocre hotel with OK location	I was there may of 2008, stayed 5 nights. This hotel is in an aging building begging for some renovation. I was really surprised to see the run-down and dirty reception-area furniture. Staff was friendly and polite. The rooms are just about OK, I had a regular double-bed room. No place for much else than that large (and comfy) bed. There's an A/C, model 1973 (not that you're that likely to need it but still..) Bathroom old but OK. Clean enough (which can't be said about the thick carpet in the room elsewhere).As mentioned earlier, the windows are very thin, and so the noise insulation terrible. I stayed at first in a room facing Beach street, with its bus and tram traffic all day and night. Couldn't sleep at all. Luckily, by day 2 the staff was able to relocate me to the other side, facing the parking-lot. (None of the rooms had a view of any interest).Oh, I read somebody mentioned the lack of internet connections. I'd brought my own laptop, and there's a free wireless at the grounds, so no problem!We had ordered breakfast, which basically means you get a ticket to exchange for food at the neighbour joint (kind of a fast-food / &quot;American comfort food&quot;- place). No heart-friendly food, that means, and 5 days of that food was enough for me. Compared to price and especially its altogether rundown character I would not recommend this place. It's in a need of renovation!	
Jun 22 2008 	cool in sanfrancisco/ radisson	2 nights at the radisson hotel on fishermans wharf in san francisco, i found the location of this hotel to be exaxtly what i wanted, right on the front of fishemans wharf, pier 39 and walking distance to other parts of the city , cable cars , trams etc.room had 2 double beds, shower/bathroom , all were clean and bed linen excellent ,, coffee and tea provided.only one table lamp faulty(faulty switch) all others worked so no issue.view from room, did not strike lucky as room faced on to car park, far left was pier 39 and to far left was the start of the tower blocks, with the spire tower block in view.the only downer at the hotel was the road cleaning machines arriving at 0430hours and windows only being single glazed the noise came in, they only do 2 sweeps of the road so you should be able to get back to sleep.the hotel has a &quot;back&quot; entrance directly from fishermans wharf, ideal for those unable to walk/stagger to the front lobby.the lobby is sizeable with a swimming pool to the rear, did not use pool or look to eat in hotel so i can not review those parts.when i head back to san francisco i would have no hesitation to stay in the hotel, i have no doubt there are better hotels but this one was fine for me.	
Jun 21 2008	Fabulous Location!	We stayed here for 2 nights as part of a tour.The location of this hotel is absolutely SUPREME - right there opposite Pier 39 and ON Fisherman's Wharf (back door access)Our room was large and well appointed with remote controlled bed firmers!! (No, we couldn't be bothered to use them!)Lovely bathroom and lots and lots of lovely white fluffy towels and nice little toiletries too.The only thing was that there were strange noises in the room. I unplugged the fridge at 3am as its gurgling was like a water torture.Then there were other strange noises - most odd!We were very glad we stayed there because of the location - it's a shame there was no breakfast ( we are too old and set in our ways to stand up eating from a cart in the foyer!) but we had a seafood roll for breakfast on our last day and it was fantastic.We ate at Fog Harbour on Pier 39 on one night and at Bubba Gump on the Pier the other night (that's quite a chaotic experience for us oldies but the food was lovely!)The crookedest street is within walking distance (those hills do cause the legs to ache!) and everything is close to hand at this hotel.One word of caution - the internet service is a rip-off. I swiped my credit card and waited TEN MINUTES for IE to load :-(	
Jun 17 2008 	Great location Radisson	I stayed here for 5 nights with my boyfriend in 2006. it was a fantastic option for us on this holiday as it had a great location, very close to Pier 39 and overlooking Alcatraz. The rooms were lovely and spacious and the bed was very comfortable. The staff were very friendly and the pool was very clean and nice with complimentary loungers. Loads of tours leave from Fisherman's Wharf, we'd recommend the day trip to Muir Woods and the Bay Cruise which goes under the golden gate and around Alcatraz. We booked our tickets for Alcatraz in advance and this was great as we skipped all the queues the morning of our trip! This hotel is great for tourists and we'd definately stay here again if we return to San fran!	
Jun 15 2008 	Great hotel for a short break.	This hotel is in the most amazing location for seeing the sights at Fishermans Wharf. We had a smallish room but it had all we required and was clean and comfortable. We could see the bay and watch the boats sailing between the piers. There is no dining room, but an adequately stocked cart in the main foyer sells coffee, croissants, fruit, friut juice etc for breakfast. However there are many excellent restaurants merely a stones throw from both the front and rear entrances of the hotel. Would stay at this hotel again and would recommend it to friends.	
Jun 6 2008 	Good value for money	This hotel is in a perfect location for just about all the tourist sights. It is near to many restaurants and very easy to get to areas that are not within walking distance, either by taxi or cable car. We stayed here for 4 days and crammed as much sight seeing as possible. The hotel itself was clean and respectable. Not entirely the usual Radisson standard, but acceptable. Staff were extremley courteous and very helpful. We did not use the pool as it was September and it was far too chilly for a dip, but it did look clean and well kept.	
May 30 2008 	Good value for money	Hotel is a fair value for money. It is located in the most touristy bit of SF but that's what we wanted. Room was a normal size for 2 double beds. We had a balcony facing the courtyard and it was fairly quiet. Beds were very comfortable with variable controlled stiffness. Both room and bathroom were clean even though the latter had some mould on the ceiling.There's no restaurant in the hotel but there are plenty at its door step. An IHOP is actually in the same building. The outside swimming pool is heated which is quite welcome with the constant breeze. The staff were friendly &amp; helpful from front desk to room service. So we did have an enjoyable stay and would recommend it to others on a tourist trip to SF.	
May 29 2008 	Couldn't be a Radisson could it?	This hotel is pretty disappointing for a Radisson. There is no kitchen, so if you want room service, you need to call for a delivery. The room was the smallest hotel room I have ever seen. We couldn't have both our suitcases open and walk around the bed. The bed, there's a story. It is one of these adjustable mattresses. It felt like you were sleeping on an air bag with very little support and every time you adjusted it, a noisy compressor started up.Location is fantastic. There are lots of places nearby to eat &amp; shop, the piers are close, as well as heaps of public transport nearby, including the famous cable cars.Given that we have seen how many different hotels there are in the area, we would probably stay somewhere else next time.	
May 28 2008 	Location Good - OK hotel	I stayed at Radisson firshermans wharf on a work trip last year and found it to be ok. The location is fantastic if you want to be right in the heart of Fisherman's wharf and walking distance to Pier 39, shops etc.The actual hotel itself is a little on the old side for the price you are paying. The rooms are quite small though have a comfy bed and nice bathroom.Overall I would say this is a good 3.5 star hotel in a great location - it is a little overpriced for what you are getting though. I suppose you are in fact paying for the location	
May 24 2008 	Great location....	Can't really fault this hotel, the location is great, near all amenities. Loved the bed...You can adjust the pressure!...Great!.	
May 23 2008	location location location	we are just back from a great stay at the Radisson, you can not beat the location, it is a 5 minute walk from pier 39 and outside the hotel you can get the F train trolly down town for $1.50 and with that ticket you can travel on any train trolly for that day. For a 10 minute walk you will be in Mama's the best breakfast in San Francisco but be there at 7.45am it opens at 8.00am or be prepared to queue. The room we had in the hotel was small but spotless clean with a very big comfortable bed. One tip I would have when booking the hotel is to ask not to be put at the front of the hotel as it can be noisey from the traffic and buses.	
May 10 2008 	Great hotel	Ideal location to explore San Fran. Ideally positioned to let you see and do all there is to do at the Wharf (Alcatraz etc) or to let you board an open topbus and explore a bit further. We went to Haight Ashbury and Berkeley and loved them but it was nice to come back and stay at the Wharf at night time. When we first arrived we thought it might be quite noisy at night because of where it is located BUT this was not the case. Excellent staff, great breakfasts. Perfect choice for San Fran.	
May 6 2008 	terrible service stay away!	we booked this hotel with our travel agent before we left and i had a receipt to prove that we had paid the full amount for our 4 night stay. when we arrived at the hotel the rude man behind the desk told us that we had no booking and that we would not be receiving a room. when i produced the receipt he tried to call the company in which we had booked it with but could not contact them. after waiting in the lobby with our suitcases for half an hour he informed me that i should count myself lucky and that he had found us a room. he took the receipt from me and said he would chase up the payment with the company back in australia considering we had already paid. they took a swipe of my credit card as i noticed this is pretty much mandatory in most hotels in the us. when we went to the room, we were a bit suprised at how small it was considering what we had paid for it. and the room from the elevators was at least 200 metres. we did no enjoy staying at this hotel at all and were very glad to leave especially after the rude service that we received. when we got back to australia, i was suprised to find that the hotel had charged me for our stay to my credit card. it took me a further 3 months to get this money refuned and in the end i had to ring my bank to chase this money up. i would not recommend this hotel.	
May 5 2008 	Good Hotel Great Location	The Radisson at Fisherman's Wharf is an older hotel that has been upgraded at some time in the past. In some spots this is jarringly obvious, like the old bathtub against the new tile in the bath room, and old window frames against the new curtains.The room was clean and fresh and housekeeping did a good job each day. The bed was much better than you normally find in a three star hotel, comfortable and reasonably new with very good pillows, high quality sheets and comforter.The hotel staff were helpful and the location was great, right in the middle of the tourist trap that is Fisherman's wharf.The only negatives were the outrageous cost of parking ~$35/per night and the old windows in the room which didn't stop the noise from outside.There is no restaurant in the hotel, but for breakfast just across the road is Boudins with fabulous fresh bread and pastries.	
May 5 2008 	hotel okay	We had hotwire rate of $76 king for 2 for a night on the weekend. It was okay for this price. I would have been upset if we had paid $200 a night off of hotels website. Hotel is older hotel. Lots of tour groups were there when we stayed at hotel. Elevator -2. I liked hotel location because it was close to bus- 9 and 39, f line streetcar, and cablecar. We asked for refrig but it was never brought to us. Sleep number bed was okay. Room was on third floor so did not hear much noise except f street car's bells. Hotel has no restaurant. Ihop nest door but I didn't eat there. walked a couple of blocks to Pat's Cafe and to north beach. Did eat at Johnny rockets and it seemed average.Concierge printed out boarding passes for us.	
Apr 30 2008 	Loved this hotel	When planning this too brief stay in San Francisco I couldnt decide if Union Square or the Fisherman's Wharf area would be best.I am glad we decided on Fisherman's Wharf and especially glad we chose the Radisson Hotel.The front desk staff were very welcoming and polite. And at checkout thanked us for staying and said they hoped we enjoyed our stay and it wasnt just by rote.We didnt have a room with sleep number beds but the beds were very comfortable just the same with lovely bedding. Very well kept and clean.The windows opened!!!-a bonus for us- and we had a great view of the bridge(in the distance), bay and Alcatraz. Free room safe, coffee and tea.The hotel as mentioned by others does not have a restaurant for breakfast but it is literally next door to an IHOP and you can purchse a continental breakfast off a &quot;cart&quot; in the Lobby.There is a Johnny Rockets fast food type restaurant as well as an exit right to the piers behind the small pool area.Also there is an ATM machine just around the corner along with a 7 to 11 store.To the right as you exit the hotel.Great location walked everywhere we wanted to go and loved Fisherman's Wharf even though it was very crowded. We were tourists! and part of the crowd!	
Apr 22 2008 	Keep Looking	I wound up at this Radisson after first trying 40 other hotels which were booked solid due to the Olympic torch being in town. I should have kept looking to see what #42 was like. The Radisson is not a bad hotel, it just wasn’t work $200+ per night. For the money you get a location some distance from downtown, one of those pretend “fitness rooms”, no meal service, no lobby, a small outdoor pool that opens at 9AM and row after row of indistinct rooms. The rooms are ok, could use some updating and cleaning. It is not a bad hotel but you can do better for the money.	
Apr 14 2008 	Nasty room great location...but would not stay here again	The location is great for San Fran but we avoided being in our room as much as possible. Here are the problems: 1. We did not have a remote for the TV. 2. The toilet backed up (then released an awful smell when it corrected itself). 3. The safe did not work. 4. There was left over trash under our beds from the previous guest. 5. There were dried up boogers on the side of our bed. 6. The bathroom door had been very poorly patched. 7. $35 per night for SELF parking. 8. No replenishing of soap or shampoo on the 2nd night.We stayed at another hotel in the area (same price range per night) 2 nights prior to this stay and had a very good experience so I was a bit disappointed with this place. I would recommend staying at a cheaper but nicer hotel just outside of town. It is not worth it to be this close when you can drive into town and park for the day cheaper than at this hotel.	
Apr 14 2008 	Worked for us . . .	Stayed here for two nights (April 5&amp;6). Paid $70/night with Priceline. For the price we paid for the room, we were satisified. The room was a bit run down. And I too found a hair in the bathroom (on the handle of the faucet in the sink). Other than than, it was a pretty average hotel stay. Nothing awful, nothing fantastic.We had a bit of a view of the bay, but mostly a view of a parking lot/garage. But, with a Priceline room, I wasn't expecting much so I was surprised that I could see the bay at all.Checkin was easy and the gentleman that waited on us was very pleasant.The hotel is conveniently located, that was the big draw. Easy to get on the F-line or the Cable Cars to get down town. Didn't even need a taxi to get back to the airport. Took the advise of members on the TripAdvisor forums and took the F-line down to the Embarcadaro BART station and took BART to the airport (not too difficult and a lot cheaper than a taxi!) Nights were quite. Didn't care too much for the sleep number bed, but to each his own.All in all, considering the price we paid and the location of the hotel, we were very pleased.	
Apr 10 2008	Met my expectations	This was my last hotel stay before 20 months of hostels so I was very happy. The room and bathroom were clean (could have done with a longer and deeper bath but this is the case in most hotels). The staff were good and it is in an ideal location for tourist attractions.	
Apr 9 2008	Good location and bed - terrible concierge	Comfortable bed in SF Fisherman's Wharf. That's about it.At the reception desk, one is friendly, professional, and cheerful. Another one is professional and friendly. The others are not. The concierge woman seems to be bored which is a pity when you are a concierge in a San Francisco hotel.Rooms are a bit old, but bed are new and very confortable. Bathroom is a bit old too, but clean. Relaxed atmosphere. Mixed clientele: old/young couples/singles/groups...Overall a good deal if you consider the hotel room prices in the area.Internet connection in the hall (2 pc available - fee) is indeed extremely slow. If you wanna go to Union Square, cable cars are an easy walk from the hotel. And staying in the Fisherman's Wharf area is much nicer and relaxing that staying in Union Square (read about my other experiences).	
Apr 8 2008 	Location Location Location	I just spent 3 nights at the Fisherman's Wharf Radison. I would say this hotel has the best location in the fisherman's wharf area. You can walk out the back entrance of the hotel and you are immediately on the strip that makes up the wharf area. The rooms were comfortable. The bed slept good and the pillows were comfortable with several styles in the mix to chose from. There is an IHOP next door, which is a great place to get breakfast. My family was satisfied. No complaints from me.	
Apr 7 2008 	It's fine but the internet is appalling	If, for some strange reason, you find yourself checking in for business purposes, do think again: The internet in the hotel, although marketed as 'high speed' is absolutely nowhere near that. I was getting 10k/sec speeds. Ridiculous. If internet is a key requirement for your stay, I thoroughly recommend you try somewhere else. I ended up going to the Starbucks across the way to get internet. Not good when I'd specifically chosen the hotel for it's 'complimentary high speed wireless internet'.	
Apr 1 2008 	Very Accomodating	The staff was extremely nice and accomodating. Although when we arrived the hotel did not have a room available due to stay-overs - they went above and beyond to accomdate us and find alternate accomodations. They even went as far as paying for the cab fare.We came back the next day and found a clean room with nice but basic appointments. Again the staff was super. I am not a bg fan of the sleep number beds but still slept soundly with no disturbances.Location cannot be beat. Already recommended this to friends.	
Mar 30 2008 	Great location poor service.	I'll start with the good - location was unbeatable. We had a rental car but didn't use it for the first day and a half of our 4 day stay because you can walk to so much around Fisherman's Wharf or take trolley/cable car to some sights.The concierge was friendly and very helpful.That's it for the good.When we checked in we were told that our adjoining room request was not going to be honored because someone extended their stay and, &quot;there's nothing I can do for you&quot;. That changed to &quot;i can move you tomorrow&quot; when I suggested that I would check back in the morning for an adjoining room or find another hotel. So we were in a total of four rooms while staying here - each room had hair in the tub (from the previous guest), and one had hair on the bathroom floor - even as a guy I think that's gross.The sleep number beds are awful, even if you want a soft bed, the ridge around the outside of the bed stays hard and with two people in the beds you need the outside of the bed!The rooms are beaten down - one of the first rooms we were in had a sink in the bathroom that was coming off the wall and the exhaust fan was broken in one of the other bathrooms. They were all small rooms...I know hotel rooms are small, but these seemed very small.The front desk service was poor - my kids independently nicknamed the woman who checked us in &quot;Happy Jack&quot;.There was enough here that even for the stellar location, I would not recommend this hotel or stay here when we go back to San Francisco. We paid $189 night for two rooms and I expected better for the price and the name.	
Mar 29 2008 	Worst Service Ever	First of all, the parking charges are ridiculous. It is $35 per day PLUS tax. When we got to our room, I expected to be able to log on to their advertised free WiFi. Guess what? I was able to intermittently connect at a terrible 1 Mbps. Once a website came up, it almost immediately logged off. I went downstairs to get some help and they gave me some sort of &quot;booster&quot; pack for which they tried to charge me $250 for. The booster didn't work, even after spending an hour on the phone with tech support. The only thing this hotel has going for them is the location, directly on the bay, so everything was easily accessible. As for the service, though, it was terrible. Housekeeping came right at 8 a.m. and they were pushy about getting us out so that they could get in and get it done. The toilet stopped working and I had to make 2 engineering requests because the first time didn't get it fixed. The second time didn't either, but we were leaving the next morning, so it didn't matter to me. Overall, it was a terrible experience and I will not stay at another Radisson hotel again.	
Mar 27 2008	Great Stay at Radisson Fishermans wharf	Of al the hotels in Fisherman's Wharf this has the best location to all of what is happining. Its close to both cable car locations, trolly for the Embarcedero and bus to the Coit Tower. The room we had was perfect. I must say we did not take the cheap rooms as we wanted to face to the water and see the bay and Alcatraz from our room. The room was a bit small but I am told all is the same in Fisherman's Wharf. The beds are perfect and have a control to change how hard or soft you want it to be. They provided lots of towels and all around everything was very clean. It was too cold for us to go swimming but we saw kids swimming and pool was very warm. The pool is very nice. The concierge was very helpful and reccommeneded that we use the van heading back to the airport and use a coupon from a specific book which enabled us to get the van back to SFO for $11 each. THis hotel gives you a good buy for the buck.	
Mar 21 2008 	A good base for exploring SF	We got a good deal on this hotel from Skoosh.com. The location was good - touristy Fisherman's Wharf may not be everyone's cup of tea, but it is safe, there are restaurants nearby and it provides easy access to elsewhere in the city with good public transport links right on the doorstep.Our stay came part-way through our trip, by which time we already had a rental car, and parking was $40/night, but that seems to be the norm for SF hotels. If you're coming direct from the airport and not planning any trips out of the city whilst staying there, you may as well hold off renting until you head off elsewhere.The room itself was comfortable and well-appointed - about what you would expect from a large chain. We had no complaints, and it was quiet giving us a good night's sleep for each of the nights that we stayed ready for exploring the city the following day! In fact, the only noise was people trying out the sleep number beds - where you can set the softness/stiffness of the mattress with a remote control... who wouldn't play with it ;-)Our only contact with staff was limited to check-in/-out, but on both occasions, they were polite and efficient.	
Mar 19 2008 	Good overall nice staff good location	Pleasant stay at the Radisson Fisherman's Wharf. Pleasant and helpful front desk staff and concierge. Clean rooms with attentive housekeeping. No problems. Room on the small side with no view, but I can't complain given the rate (~115).My only complaint was the overpriced internet access/business center. It cost 50 cents/minute to use the computer for anything (including internet) and another 50 cents/page to print, and the connection was slow so it took quite some time just to check your email. Luckily there is an internet cafe right next door that is much cheaper - which the hotel staff told us about when we inquired.Would stay here again.	
Mar 19 2008	Uber Euro Hotel/ Local B	This hotel is easily found from the airport. In fact whilst i cheated with the Sat Nav it is literally one long road followed by a right then a left and you're there - about 20 mins. It is in an excellent location, i cannot really imagine a better location in San Francisco to be honest. Parking is a jizz at $35 per night and is snidey little tiny spaces that a Smart Car would struggle to park in. I turn up in a Chrysler 300 and the following day had to climb through the passenger door! Rooms are ok, imagine throwing a B&amp;B into a bucket, add to that you're usual Radisson room, shake it about for ten minutes and throw it out. That is the room. In the room there was one bath towel. Thats it. Now the bed, it was a kind of ultra modern air bed that could be adjusted. In reality it was uncomfortable, i know it sounds a bit dodgy but believe me, lay down on a balloon and tell me its comfy - Its not is it. No and neither are the beds. Wireless was fast and free, breakfast is expensive downstairs at the 24hr Ihop. Check out was again a breeze. In conclusion the hotel is average, but the location and friendly staff sway it for me and i would certainly stay there aif i was in SFO. Well, i say that, but im writing this from the Grand Sierra in Reno and the Radisson isn't a scrap on this place : )	
Mar 11 2008 	Worked for us!	Very reasonable hotel in the Fisherman's Wharf area. I went with a friend and we chose this hotel primarily because we could request a smoking room, and as seasoned smokers were very glad we did (even though the rude woman on reception claimed we'd have to share a kingsize bed if we wanted a smoking room then gave us two double beds when I threatened to throw a minor wobbly). Few things to note:1. The hotel is indeed quite shabby but certainly not as bad as some of the various website photos I viewed before going appear. Our room was perfectly fine, shower great, and a good view of Alcatraz over the top of the various eateries' neon lights.2. You do not eat in or ask for cabs from this hotel. It's like a travelodge - there's places to eat everywhere so just step out (OK just go to Johnny Rockets it ROCKS) and the staff are NOT helpful (either can't or won't order a taxi depending on mood/day of week) so give yourself ample time to stand on a street waiting for one of the 5 taxis the city has to offer.3. Fisherman's Wharf is fiercely cheesy. Perfect for the full on tourist experience - Pier 39 is fantastic post several Grey Goose n cokes. However, the bigger restaurants are overpriced and the food's not great (I say don't bother with Scoma's or Franciscan - go to boudin for a great Clam Chowder!) If you're looking to hang out in stylish bars n restaurants every evening you'll be spending a lot of time in taxis (or rather, more annoyingly, looking for them) getting to the Union Square side of town.4. San Francisco is so fabulous that you won't want to sit in the hotel. Go to Alcatraz, do the Wine Country Shuttle Tour of Napa Valley, go see a basketball game in Oakland. Shop, shop, shop. And make sure you get your burger, fries n shake at Johnny Rockets.	
Mar 9 2008 	Nice rooms but bad service	The hotel was fairly average and the rooms were okay and quite suprising from my expectations, apart from the bust air con. Try and get a room facing fishermans wharf as they are bigger and you can see such attractions as the golden gate bridge and alcatraz. There is no sit down breakfast here but you can buy pastries and hot drinks downstairs and there is a IHOP and a Walgreens on the same street so it's not far to go. However the service is not great. If you want tickets to the local attractions, the concierge is only reliable for the alcatraz tour as the man at the concierege charged us $120 for $15 tickets to go to a baseball match. The touts in the parking lot of the stadium were even charging $20 for better tickets! In my opinion try the box office at the attraction before going to the concierge.	
Feb 29 2008 	Good especially for the price	This hotel was right at Fisherman's Wharf which was ideal for us with the children and for our trip to Alcatraz.Our room was comfortable and had a great view over to Alcatraz.The staff were not overly friendly though and the hotel could have been a bit cleaner too.For the price though I'd say it was a very good deal, although remember you will need to pay quite a bit for parking too.	
Feb 19 2008	Good Option for the Price	This hotel is a good option if you're able to get a good deal. We ended up getting a Standard King room at $89 a night through Hotwire which was unbeatable considering the location. It's located right in Fisherman's Wharf, across from Pier 39. There is access to a huge variety of restaurants and attractions. The F line street car picks up right in front of the hotel and can take you to several other areas including Pier 33 which is the location to buy tickets or board the on-site Alcatraz tour (it's the only tour which takes you ON alcatraz, not just around it). The hotel itself was outdated, but I would still consider it a 3 star considering the ammentities, options and location. All staff was helpful and considerate. Overall, we were happy with the hotel considering the great price! If we would have paid more, I might have been a bit disappointed.	
Feb 18 2008 	Clean Standard issue Hotel	All has been said before - I would say this is a clean convienient place for a couple of nightsGood+ Really Clean modern linen+ Really excellent location with entrance onto the strip+ Clean rooms+ Not a bad pool area+ £70 a night with ebookers.comOK~ Room decor a bit drab~ Strange adjustable bed firmnessNot so good ( but the room was cheap..)- No views form the cheap rooms- Outside rooms a tad noisy- Coffee Maker + fridge onlyI would defiantly stay here again if I wanted a few days on the Wharf* $11 a day cable car /tram /muni daily pass excellent* Easy walk to North Beach Restaurants - Mona Lisa etc* lots of public transport to Union Sq and Market areas* 7/11 store nearby	
Feb 12 2008 	Better than reviews would suggest	Got a really good deal on the hotel, a little nervous after reading the other reviews but I was impressed (I guess my expectations were low). The hotel is old but well kept, a great base for the Wharf. Parking is expensive, but you dont need a car, you can walk or use the MUNIOnly negative is the lack of on site restaurant, but food is abundant. We bought breakfast stuff at the Safeway 1 block away.If you go downtown avoid the civic centre, unless you are fond of vagrants!!!	
Feb 7 2008 	Perfect	Radisson Hotel Fisherman's Wharf is a wonderful hotel. Nice, spatious rooms. Spotless. So quiet you could think you're in the middle of a desert. The bathroom was clean and modern. The location is perfect if you're interested in strolling by the piers. If you intend to explore the Union Square district you could have a quite short walk in a pleasent neighbourhood. Check the special walking route in the tourist map from the hotel. .	
Jan 30 2008 	Great little hotel	You can't go wrong staying here. Location, Location Location. You are just 2 minutes to Fisherman;s Wharf Pier 39. The hotel itself does not have a resturant but there are at least 10 in the 4 surrounding blocks that the hotel is located on. There is an IHOP that is 24 hours. The cable cars are 2 blocks away and there was a electric trolly that runs into the downtown area and back , across the street. You need no car if you want to get around the city and there are at least 5 bus routes around the corner to get you to various locations. The room itself was a little smaller than average, but you are not in the room often anyway. The bathroom was clean and was replenished everyday with towels ,soap etc. The sleep # bed was a plus and overall the hotel is quiet as this is not a hotel you would take kids to. A grocery store and a Walgreens is across the street also. The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful. There is so much to do around the neighborhood and it's all right there at their doorstep	
Jan 30 2008 	After 2 months of stay!!	Ok, so I wrote my first review on this hotel back in November after a few days of being there. Scroll down to see :)And I've been staying there for over 2 months now if that tells you anything! Staff has been really great, ask for Lisa, really helpful and nice...Everything has been great since. Feel like I live there now...I've also witnessed a few changes since November. They recently installed new carpets which look much better, and the pool is now up and running. Haven't tried it out yet, but I've seen people in there on cold nights and steam coming up from it, so it must be warm...As I said before, the location is PERFECT if you are visiting, you will not get bored at all!Looking forward to the next month :)	
Jan 7 2008 	Great base for San Francisco	As other reviewers have said - you get exactly what should expect from a Radisson at this price at this type of location.We arrived after midnight and the staff were really helpful - actually figuring that we might be tired after 15 hours travelling and getting a security guard to help us with bags to our room.Neat, tidy, reasonably clean. Lots of good places to eat at any time of the day within two blocksEasy parking but expensive - if you have a car and are not planning to use it - consider putting down past Pier 33 where it is one third of the price.	
Jan 7 2008 	Great Location	Very happy with Radisson, they let us check in early and the room was very acceptable for the price we paid considering some of the other hotels in the area. Very close to Fishermans Wharf-across the road. Not much here if you are here for the night life but we were not here for that. The IHOP 30 seconds down the street is open 24hrs and does fantastic food at very low cost.	
Dec 24 2007 	Clean Comfortable and Convenient!	I stayed at the Radisson in mid-December for 3 nights. I was very happy with my choice and would highly recommend the hotel to anyone going to San Francisco. First, the location is excellent! It is the closest hotel to the wharf and Pier 39. If you go out the back way, it puts you right in the heart of the wharf/pier area. Of course, there are many restaurants and shops to choose from all along the wharf/pier area. I found the area very safe to walk in, including later at night. There were always people out walking around enjoying the restaurants etc. If you go out the front by the lobby, you are on Beach St. There are two trolley stops in front of the hotel, one to the right and one to the left. It makes it very easy to head into downtown/union square and is only $1.50 each way. On the way back in from downtown, you are also dropped off right in back of the hotel, couldn’t be any easier. I would not recommend getting a car, as it is not needed and San Fran has great public transportation. Also around the hotel are a Safeway and Walgreens, which makes it convenient to get snacks etc and save a little money. There is also other national shops close by, and attached to the hotel building is an IHOP, Johnny Rockets and a Subway. The hotel its self is a 4 story “U” shaped building with a wing in the middle. The lobby is very small but functional. I arrived at about 7pm and there was one person ahead of me checking in. I did use there online check in option, which is supposed to save you time etc, however, at check in, I still had to sign and present my credit card. According to the website, checking in online is supposed to save you from doing anything except presenting your ID to get your keys. Oh well, check in only took about 3 minutes. I had requested a king size bed non smoking online and received one on the 4th floor of the hotel. There are two main elevators in the lobby, with a few others scattered around the building. The hallways did have a unique smell I suppose, but nothing too bad. The hallways sort of reminded me of an old cruise liner. The room itself was perfect for one person (for a couple it would be fine as well). The room was probably about 300 sq ft at most, however, it was functional and clean. The bed was WONDERFUL!! They all have the sleep number beds, with down comforters and down pillows. You can set the bed to whatever number suits you. There was also a small desk and an armoire with a TV and storage. The air/heating unit was a little loud, but it worked perfectly. You can also open the windows to let in the fresh air. The bathroom entrance was right next to the bed, which was a little odd, but again, for one person, it was fine. The bathroom was of good size though (bigger than the one I had at the Crowne Plaza union square). It had ample space to move around and place your things. The water pressure was fine as well as the temperature. The room was cleaned everyday while I was out sightseeing and they did a great job. I did manage to see the rooms with two double beds and they seemed a little bigger, so space didn’t seem like a problem in those rooms. Overall, I loved coziness of the room and the bed made it well worth it. I would definitely stay there again next time I travel to San Francisco. Everyone I came into contact that worked at the hotel was friendly and would always greet me. The location is perfect for travelers visiting the city. I also had a good view of one of the hill areas, the wharf, and even a view of Alcatraz and the water. I couldn’t really ask for more. The other hotels in the area are close by, but for the price, the Radisson was the best option. It is definitely a solid 3 star hotel.	
Dec 19 2007 	In Need of a Major Renovation	We stayed at the Radisson Fishermans Wharf from Tuesday December 11th to Friday December 14th.The location of this hotel is superior. The back of the property actually has a walkway out into the Wharf area. It is walking distance to many good restaurants and the ferry to Alcatraz.Unfortunately the hotel is in desperate need of a major renovation, The decor is very 70's and run down. The pool was empty and the concrete was cracked around it. The Carpets were stained and there was some mold around the bath tub.We walked the Wharf area and checked out some of the other properties. The Sheraton right across the street was nice and the Marriott was also very nice. We priced them out too when we were choosing where to stay and regret not selecting one of them.On our first night, we were given a room which faces Beach Street. Not good, very loud and noisy. The room was very small and stuffy. I complained the next morning and they moved us across the hall. That room faced the courtyard and was much quieter and more spacious,Some other tips. Take the night tour of Alcatraz. It is limited to only 300 people. That may seem like a lot, but during the day there can be over 1,000 people inside at any given time.We tried a restaurant called the Stinking Rose. If you like garlic, this is the place! I can not remember the name of the street it is on, but if you google it they have a web site.All in all, we loved San Fran. It is a very nice and clean city.We will definately be back, but not at the Radisson FW.	
Nov 23 2007 	As long as you don't care about customer service	Positives: Location, Location, Location, clean rooms, and a helpful night security guard.Negatives: If you are looking to be treated with any respect, a helpful staff, or parties at 3:00 a.m. to be stopped, you should not go to this hotel. With the exception of one night security guard, the staff was rude, nasty, and unhelpful. Because of the location to the wharf, tours, cable cars and the City, they don’t care if you come back or not and treat you as such. Literally, bus loads were there. It was obvious, because of the location; they don’t need your business and could care less if you come back.As long as your expectations about customer service are low, the location more than makes up for how horribly you will be treated.	
Nov 16 2007 	great hotel fantastic location	I was staying at Room 2005 for two nights as part of a three week road trip. US$42 cab ride away from SFO airport. Arrived Sunday eveing, very efficent check-in. no delays. Business Centre 50 cents p/min. Great room, including coffee maker. The hotel is right on Fisherman's Wharf. One minute walk to Pier 39, for great food and shops. I-Hoop and Jonny Rocket's on premises. Short walk to car rental downtown, which we picked up Avis vehicle. Good tour -- if you can't get on the Alcatraz island -- 'Blue &amp; Gold' ferry trip under Golden Gate bridge and around Alcatraz Island with great narrative. Free USA Today. Fully recommend hotel.	
Nov 13 2007 	Good location - unimpressive	The hotel is situated right next to Fisherman's wharf, which itself is Ok for most of central San Francisco.The hotel staff were friendly and helpful and the facilites Ok - but having been refurbished a few years back it's time for another one. Whilst the rooms were Ok the general decor was a bit dowdy and the corridors dull and slightly depressing. For the price I expected more.Wouldn't go overboard about the negatives and I'd stay there again - but I would want to explore other options (and there are a lot of them) first.	
Nov 11 2007 	Best location and a good hotel	I stayed at this hotel for 9 nights (avg $220/nt pre tax).1. BEST LOCATION:a). This simply is the best located hotel in Fishermans Wharf area, comparing to a long list of other hotels I looked up. I read many reviews stating so and once arrived, I 100% agree. It is the only hotel that is 'bay-front' in this area, thus giving it a number of rooms that had a full bay view with balconies (double the price too). About 1/3 of the rooms have a Very Roomy balcony (10'x5'?), other than those facing the bay, the majority overlook the courtyard and has a partial bay view. The hotel is a U-shape 4-story building, with the U's openning end facing the bay. There is a back door that leads you right onto Jefferson St which is the bay front street lined with shops and restaurants.b). The hotel is within easy walking distance to Pier 39 (out the back door and cross the street diagonally and you are there, and many other area attractions. On a quiet night, you can hear the Sea Lions 'talking' to each other in the distance.c). You are so close to the pier actions you can hear the bands on the weekend, but once the door is closed, no noise bothered us - very good window/door that blocked out noise.d). There is a 24hr IHOP downstairs, a Safeway and Walgreens one block away, and many other dinning and shopping options.There are plenty of public transportation routes go through here so you really don't need a car (I only rented a car for two days to go to the wine country). Buy a MUNI pass and route map and you'll get everywhere easily.2. Older Hotel Recently Face-lifted, Smaller Rooms:a). The hotel room is fairly small (not tiny, as I've stayed in tiny rooms at downtown Manhatan). Our 2DD room only had one-person-wide walk ways around the room, after putting in two Sleep-Number beds, a TV/Closet unit, and a full size desk and office chair. The bathroom in our room is oddly located with the opening right at the side of one of the beds, not sure if they are all like this. I wished they had sacrificed the huge balcony a bit to make the room bigger. BE WARE - closet space is very limited. It is combined with the TV cabnit (two slim openings on both sides of the TV cabnit and drawers). No wall units or walk-in closet. Apparently the hotel just got a face lift but you can still see the 'oldness' of it from the walls, hallways and elevators. the Sleep Number beds are great and the down comforter and pillows are wonderful.b). Free wireless internet in all rooms and FREE printing service (uses an online service that prints out to the front desk).c). There is a concierge in the lobby, and a computer dedicated to checking-in and printing out boarding passes from all airlines.d). There is a small gym and an outdoor heated pool in the courtyard. There is a Jonny Rockets on premise.e). There is a parking deck with good number of parking spaces, but pricy ($30/nt). Though parking in the area is expensive anyways (street parking has 1-hr limit unless you have some sort of residence pass). There is a garage next block over offers $14/nt parking, but has a hight limit that looked pretty low to fit a SUV through.3. Excellent Service:a). I checked in at night, checked out in the morning, called guest service a few times and asked help from the lobby staff a few times, and I made a mistake in returning the parking pass late...all these occasions the staff was very efficient and friendly, and solved my issue or request right away. I was very satisfied with the service from everyone I encountered.LIKES:LOCATION, amenities around the hotel, staff services, big balcony, heated pool, free wireless internetDISLIKES:Smaller 2DD rooms, older hotel, very limited closet space, no business center, expensive parking (aren't all big cities like this?)RECOMMENDED FOR:Vacation couples all ages, families, singles/friends groupNOT RECOMMENDED FOR:Business travelersAll in all, this is a great hotel for its location and good enough price, but is older and has smaller rooms.	
Oct 25 2007 	Excellent Location	You could not ask for a better location. You walk out the back door and you are right on the Warf! If you are looking to stay near the Warf this is the place. The Hotel itself is nice. Nothing super spectacular, but a nice Radisson. They are in the process of changing their beds to the sleep number beds but not all are switched over yet. There are only 4 floors but you get an excellent view of the bay, I could see Alcatraz from my room. Some rooms had balconies, mine did not, but very nice large windows to take in the view. They also have a nice pool and courtyard area	
Oct 18 2007	Great location very nice room great staff	We moved to this hotel from another which was dreadful. We booked it that morning on Expedia, packed up and went to the hotel. It was only 11am but they checked us in immediately. We didn't go for a room with a view as we didn't want to pay the extra price. The room's proximity to the road was a bit noisy in the morning but we didn't mind that much.The room was very comfortable and the bed was a delight. It was nice to be able to do dial your side of the bed for how soft or hard you wanted it. I didn't want to get out the next morning. The room offered free strong connection wireless internet. The location is brilliant. Easy walk to all areas around Pier 39 and to the many restaurants.	
Oct 18 2007	Nothing special - OVERPRICED!	We stayed 3 nights in San Francisco. The location of the hotel is very good, walking distance to the Fisherman's Wharf even if probably now i would choose another suburb...after 10pm it's complitely dead....definetly better North Beach.The hotel was clean but our room was at the parking level so no way to have light directly from outside since everybody in the parking can look at you.Breakfast is not present...there is a free convenson with HOPI just outside the hotel.The staff at the reception is probably the worst we've found in our live...really unpolite and not nice.There are some other hotels close to that in that area....we strictly recomended those one (probably better, for sure cheaper!)	
Oct 14 2007 	Location Location Location	I have read most of the reviews for this hotel and I will say the IHOP was deplorable. That said it is not a reflection of the hotel.We were there during fleet week so the hotel was very full. I asked off handed if there were any bay views and the woman said there was ONE and it was in a smoking room. After hesitating because we didn't want a stinky room, one of the reception workers took us up to the room to let us preview it. That was above and beyond anything I expected a hotel to do.We were able to keep the windows open and enjoyed the view of Alkatraz and the bay. They did offer to set up a machine to help reduce the smell but we declined because you had to vacate the room for a few hours and we were tired.As far as the beds go I would not say they were the best but they were comfy. The noise level was 0, so I am not sure who the complainers stayed next door to.We were also within walking distance to pier 39, Little Italy and Little China *granted a bit of a walk* and all the bus and street car lines.I would recommend it to anyone vacationing there. Also parking was the cheapest I found after calling around to 5-6 hotels.	
Oct 2 2007 	Great hotel in great location	After staying at this hotel for a week, I find it hard to understand any negative comments about the Radisson. We arrived at the hotel well before check in time after a 13 hour flight. We were given our room immediately which was greatly appreciated. The location is excellent, right in the middle of Fisherman's Wharf. There are plenty of places to eat very close to the hotel, we didn't miss an on-site restaurant at all. All hotel services were A1 in our opinion from room service right through to the concierge services.If we are fortunate enough to visit San Francisco again I would definitely stay at the Radisson.	
Sep 26 2007 	nice location pretty good deal	Very good location. Decor is a bit design on a dime, but the important things were fairly nice-like the bed, little desk and chair, and shower. Pretty comfortable beds and linens. Clean. The layout of the hotel is a bit labrynth like. Don't forget to factor in the cost of parking ($30/day which is a pretty good deal in san fran). I'd say for the price it was a pretty good bargain. The rooms were a bit small, but you are in the middle of a big city so this is pretty much the norm. The Sheraton right across the street looked like they were doing renovations so that may be something else to consider if planning a trip, but the Radisson has the best location.	
Sep 20 2007	Great location but very disappointing hotel	I have just returned from a trip to San Francisco. We stayed in the Radisson Hotel on Fishermans Wharf. The location was fantastic, the pier is very lively and there is always something happening. Not too far from Pier 33 (Alcatraz cruises) and easy access to the city centre. Having stayed in Radissons before I was very disappointed with this one. The matresses on the beds were very uncomfortable. The noise level was appalling, I found it very hard to sleep at night. The hotel breakfast was in this fast food cafe called IHOP just around the corner which was not very appetising! This was also the hotel's &quot;restaurant&quot; too and having had dinner there once, it was the greasiest meal I believe I have ever eaten. For a hotel is have a restaurant like this in such a great location in the city is ridiculous.	
Sep 8 2007 	Location	Stayed here for 3 nights, have to say, brilliant.The location is fantastic, at the rear a safeway supermarket, to either side johnny rockets, and Ihop, and to the front you are right on fishermans wharf.Rooms are very good, cant find anything negitive to say, iron and board, refridgerator, toiletries, very fine bed and crisp bedding.Quiet rooms, nice view, free internet.The open top bus tours go from here, ie fishermans wharf, pier 39 &amp; 41 leave you spoilt for choice where to eat, we loved the crab booths.Would really recommend this hotel, I booked early and got a good rate of $168 per night which is reasonable to San Francisco, I did take a look into the Sheraton which seemed lovely as well.Loved Fishermans Wharf, yes very touristy, but everyone was here to have a good time and made for happy atmosphere, We had 2 days LA and 3 days here now I wish I did 5 days here, great holiday, will post trip report in forum alsoPlease feel free to email me if I can help, because I have had a great holiday mostly due to all the fantasic advice I got from here.	
Sep 2 2007 	The Hotel was perfectly placed	The hotel was perfectly placed for our first visit to San Francisco, in particular for Fisherman's Wharf. The hotel was clean and in good order. The pool was very good, in particular for our chldren following a long sightseeing day!!! The bedroom we were allocated included 2 double beds that were sufficient in size for our family of 2 adults and 3 young children. The only negative point is the lack of breakfast facilities but they do have a faciity in the Reception Area where coffee and pastries can be purchased and a 24 hour restaurant next door.	
Aug 17 2007 	Very Nice	We stayed here for 4 nights in July and overall had a very pleasant stay. It's ideally placed within very short walking distance of Pier 39 (restaurant/shopping heaven for tourists) with good access to the buses and streetcars. Taxi from SFO costs about $45 and a door-to-door van about $15-18pp. We contemplated taking a streetcar to the BART for our return journey but I wouldn't advise doing that if you've heavy luggage or if you're going to be travelling between 1000-2000 as they can get very busy. As for the hotel itself, it's a very pleasant 3* with very helpful staff. We arrived late on a Saturday night and the room we were given was really quite large. However, it was close to the elevators which make a fairly loud noise. Fortunately we were so tired it didn't keep us awake. We went to reception the next morning and requested to move, which was dealt with very promptly and we were moved as soon as a room became available. For breakfast/brunch there's a Johnny Rocket's diner at the back of the hotel which was pretty good and you can access The Wharf via this direction too. One piece of general tourist advice for this resort; book your Alcatraz trips online if you can as they get mega-busy. However, if you choose not to and you arrive at the ticket booth to discover that they're &quot;fully-booked&quot; days in advance, ignore that. You can pitch up any morning and start queuing at 0730 for an 0800 opening and you'll be able to get tickets for that day.	
Aug 16 2007 	I would stay elsewhere	I have to say, the mixed reviews on this hotel are warranted. I have stayed in a lot of hotels over the years, and this one definately has some good points, like location. Granted, Fisherman's Wharf has some interesting people hanging around it, but no reason to feel unsafe in or around the hotel. Any big city has the same problems. The part I felt was very poor, was the staff at check in, terrible experience. I booked 3 rooms with BayView and they only had two when my group got there, which was very annoying given the amount of time the rooms were booked in advance of you stay. Only 1 clerk working, line of people waiting to check in, no management around to discuss the problem with. Overall, the hotel service was poor. The hotel decor is ok, sleep number beds were cool. Not worth the money they want for this hotel. Next time, I'd probably try the Sheraton across the street, or the Holiday Inn.	
Aug 12 2007	OK but I wasn't impressed with Fishermans Wharf area	The hotel was adequate. The room was OK, the pool was a bonus. The concierge was helpful and there was a complimentary on-line flight check-in facility which was useful.Otherwise the facilities in the hotel were poor e.g. no restaurant although you didn't have to walk far (a short step to the adjacent Wharf) to get food and drink. As a first time visitor to San Francisco I was disappointed with Fishermans Wharf. I would stay nearer Union Square next time.San Francisco is a beautiful city but I think the Wharf is not the best place to be.	
Aug 9 2007	Great location and value	Hotel is in a wonderful location, steps from Fisherman's Wharf and really good value. Staff were friendly and the hotel and room was clean. Rooms were just a bit on the small side but adequate and problem free for us. I've definitely seen smaller. Mini safe was a good feature. Hotel location is very much in a tourist area. The F Line street car is right out both the front and the back of the hotel. Hotel is in a good location for walking, biking, renting cars, public transit. If you rent cars in this area I recommend returning them each night. Parking at the hotel is $40 per night or it can be had for free at the rental car outlet. If you want to go to Alcatraz, book your tickets as soon as you arrive, or better still on line before you go. Only one company actually goes to the island and their tickets are in high demand.	
Aug 7 2007 	Nice Hotel for Tourists and Families	I thought this is a great hotel for tourists, right in the heart of the Fisherman’s Wharf action. We had a small, but comfortable king room on the second floor, at the end of the corridor, a great location to keep the noise down. We were assigned a room with a “Sleep Number” bed which my husband described as an “overpriced air mattress.” It was comfortable enough, but I wouldn’t run out and buy one! The room had very nice amenities: coffee maker, iron and full sized ironing board, hair dryer, nice bathroom stuff, excellent water pressure and lots of counter room, and best of all, free Wifi so I could use my Palm to check my email (only twice in three days, which is infrequent for me!) The AC and fan worked very well, providing a nice steady hum which drown out most of the noise at night and let us sleep very well. They had an outdoor pool that was full of children, but we had no intentions of swimming in the chilly July weather! We didn’t have much interaction with staff, but what we had was pleasant and efficient. The room was clean and the décor was actually pretty up-to-date and attractive! I would recommend the Radisson as a good family and tourist hotel.	
Aug 3 2007	The Place is a Dump	We were so disappointed with this hotel that we checked out early. I did NOT feel safe. The parking lot was confusing and I was afraid to go from parking to rooms alone. Very long and confusing corridors. This hotel is located in a seedy section of Fisherman's Wharf.	
Jul 30 2007 	Okay if you like the smaell of Clam Chowder!	We stayed at this hotel for 4 days in July. Hmmm...first impressions, NOT GREAT! Check in staff - RUDE! Our room safe needed a different code everyday as everytime we returned to the room, our safe wouldn't open, granted they did send someone to attend to this quite quickly but strange that it was always after we'd left the room un-occupied! The furniture and carpets are old, need up-graded! Location is great if you like smelling clam chowder all day and all night!! Lots of tramps and beggers hang around the hotel, quite un-nerving.I wouldn't stay at this hotel again - EVER!	
Jul 28 2007	Once was enough...	Unfortunately, once was enough to know we won't stay at the Radisson Fisherman's Wharf again. There is something about the exterior of this hotel that looks more like 1960's Florida than San Francisco's Fisherman's Wharf. The interiors have been remodeled, but there is the feeling that as many roooms as possible have been crammed into this location, much more so than the usual...even for San Francisco. The physical layout of the floor interiors is prison-like with narrow, long hallways..extremely narrow...even for such a large hotel.. The rooms are crammed in there quite tight and are very, very small. Only two elevators for this large hotel...clearly not enough for the number of rooms, so long wait times. Old bathrooms that have been remodeled. The room was surface clean, but the opened doors on armoire holding the television were coated with sticky fingerprints and smudges...clearly hadn't been wiped down in ages. Wallpaper dried out and peeling in room, carpet torn away from bathroom door threshold. Indifferent and unfriendly staff. The only employee that smiled and was helpful was a concierge named Olivia. The rest of the staff was completely disinterested and unsmiling. The pool area was shabby and dirty. Altogether, the atmosphere at the Radisson Fisherman's Wharf is tired, cramped, crabby, cheap looking and very crowded.	
Jul 25 2007 	Highway 1	Stayed here two nights at the start of a trip down higway 1 to Sta Monica. The room was quite good, with a nice view over the pool area. The hotel was quiet and in an excellent position for excursions. Walking distance to cable cars, pier 39 restaurants, chinatown etc. The price was also reasonable.	
Jul 24 2007 	Disappointed	We really wanted to like this hotel but, too many little things were wrong. Booked our room on line and preregistered so check-in was a breeze. We were not happy about many things in our room. Like: peeling wallpaper, sleep number bed not plugged in and not enough plugs for beds and lights (forget a computer), bed seemed to lose air, only place in bathroom to set a bag, was on the floor, closet doors wouldn't close with clothes hanging, no table (there was a desk), only 2 chairs (room was set-up for 4), no frig, lack of places to charge phones and cameras, bright lights from parking area filled the room if curtains were opened and more. Little things but they add up. The bathroom was really small with no place to put personals, a shelf would have helped a lot. The room was clean and the daily service good and prompt. The air conditioning is indeed very noisy but necessary as we found out when we lost power one evening and had to try to sleep in an overly warm stuffy room. On the good side the location can't be beat, you are right on fisherman's wharf and it has a pool. I found most of the employees very accommodating. If you drive don't forget to add the $34.20 per night parking fee (the parking spots are very narrow). Would I stay here again? No, but I give it a rating of two based on cleanliness, location and pool.	
Jul 5 2007 	Best place to stay on a budget	This hotel is in the best location! It is at Fisherman's Warf. The room was modern and clean. The staff couldn't be any friendlier! The pool is heated. I will only stay at this hotel whenever I visit San Francisco.	
Jun 26 2007	Radisson Fishermans Wharf	Radisson Fishermans Wharf. Third year in a row. Everything went great as usual. Staff is all ways great. Location is right where I want to be. One note- theres a Walgreens right up the street and it came in handy this trip. All ways forget something! Had a very small problem, It was handled qucikly and professionally. It was not a problem for me , but more of a heads up for staff. This is the place to be to get any where, street cars ,cable cars walking. Price was good for San Francisco. Clean and those sleep number beds what a treat! Housecleaning staff was on top of everything every day. All in all a great place to stay. Would I stay here again. Oh wait ! I have three years in a row. I'll be back next year. Stay was 14 May 07 - 18 May 07. The passageway from the pool area to Jefferson St. is a time saver and puts you right on the wharf.	
Jun 25 2007 	Not bad - very comfortable beds!!!!	We stayed at the raddison for 3 nights from 6th- 9th June. Staff at reception were friendly although a bit slow at checking us in. Property was in good condition and rooms were well proportioned and clean. The bed was probably the best part of the room: it was king size and you could change the softness/harness of the bed on the two different sides of the bed to whatever you wished by using a remote control. View was poor but to be honest we didn't spend much time in the room so weren't that bothered.Position was great. Below the hotel was IHOP which did good breakfasts although extremely big portions and hotel was within walking distance to all public transport and fishermans wharf,All in all not a bad hotel!!!!We booked an airpot transfer back to airport from the hotel and they were on time, friendly and a competitive price.	
Jun 18 2007 	Save your money and go somewhere else	This hotel was nothing like it appeared on the website. The amenities were totally outdated. For example, one machine in the workout area was broke for an entire week! Secondly, since I am a non-smoker, to smell someones else's cigarette smoke was really an inconvenience! Not to mention to place you in rooms with broken furniture, outdated and worn out carpet and toilets which doesnt flush. Several nights I was awakened by commotions outside of my window..and the window as closed. I finally requested to move until another room in which I finally obtained a room with a view. It was like night and day. Of all of the Radison hotel's I have ever stayed in, this was one of the worst hotels of the lot. They save the best rooms for the expensive clientel and give the crappy rooms for everyone else. I seen this first hand. I dont recommend my pet poodle stay in this ghetto dump hotel. On a positive note, you are in walking distance to Pier39 which has absolutely fabulous restaurants which specialized in seafood. Plus the tours are fabulous!	
Jun 11 2007 	Best San Fran Hotel for First Timers Families Friends!	My family and I (parents and brother) stayed at the Fisherman's Wharf for three nights in early May as part of our cruise package vacation. This was our first time to San Fran, and it was absolutely amazing!The cruise package consisted of 3 nights in San Fran and a coastal cruise back to Vancouver (where we're from), and Bon Voyage Holidays (tour operator) seems to know what they are doing in terms of a great deal. The price of the total package was a mere $621 CAD plus tax, which covered the flight down to San Fran, 3 nites hotel, all transfers, and a two night coastal cruise on the luxurious Golden Princess back home.When they say this hotel is centrally located they weren't kidding. This hotel is located RIGHT off the Pier 39 and Fisherman's Wharf--a must see for those visiting San Fran. The main entrance faces the side street, but you can walk through the courtyard by the pool and there's a hallway that takes you to the wharf, or you can walk around.The rooms were spacious and very clean. We had two side-by-side rooms with comfy sleep number double beds to each person. Washrooms were basic, but clean. The hotel is large and was always busy since it seems that it was a popular package for tour groups.Checkin WAS the most amazing and painfree I've ever had since the tour operator had pre-arranged our rooms and we were given key cards that didn't need to be returned. You just got your stuff and checked out by 11--perfect!There is a safeway very near by two blocks down in the mini mall and you can grab all sorts of fruit, water, and drinks for you choice which you can stock in your complimentary mini fridge. There is also a complimentary safe for your valuables and it's big enough to fit a laptop. There was WIFI and we were able to connect for free!! Perfect for checking email and updating your friends on your trip.The only thing is that this is clearly and older building and the windows are thin. It can be pretty bright due to its proximity to the wharf, and even somewhat noisy at times due to the traffic outside. The Sleep Number beds were comfy though, and even fun to use. You can access all the transportation from the hotel with little trouble as the F line street car is down the street, and you can hop on the historic cable cars to downtown easily. We purchased the Go San Francisco Card (2 day for $65 USD) from Orbitz.com (look it up under &quot;activities&quot; and it is a must buy as you save a ton of money to 40 attractions including the red &amp; white fleet boat cruise (we did this first for a good overview of the city and its history), the grayline hop-on-hop-off tour, the aquarium at pier 39, and the exploritorium at the palace of fine arts (beautiful!!) to name a few. I also recommend tourists go to destinationcoupons.com for a free Pier 39 Funpack booklet for great discounts including at the famous Boudins sourdough bakery stores/cafes. There is a 24hour IHOP downstairs at the hotel, but we opted for Boudins. Try their soudough french toast!! It's to die for.All in all I would definitely stay here again. The weather was better than expected (windy, but warm), and the city was utterly beautiful. Would definitely come back again!Please let me know and/or vote if you thought this review was useful--feedback is always nice!	
Jun 9 2007 	confusing nasty stairway access	Can't believe nobody mentioned that you have to use outside stairways to get to the second floor, then passkeys into the hallway and elevators up to floors. No lobby access to rooms, multiple public access points to stairs. Absolutely did NOT feel safe in these stairs or halls. Shabby carpet, dinged-up veneer furniture, wallpaper peeling, window that wouldn't stay open and (of course) no screens. Not worth the money we saved (AAA deal - free parking). Avoid this one if you like safe, controlled room access!!!!	
Jun 3 2007 	Over Priced Under Sized	For $300/Night we got a tiny room with threadbare carpeting, worn out furniture, no closet just a wardrobe which along with the bed took up most of the room. The bathroom fan rattled like crazy and the bathroom was very small. The halls were cramped and dingy as was the lobby. We expected more for the money. Location is good, we could walk everywhere but that didn't make up for the price and the lack of ammenities.	
Jun 2 2007 	Good location and value	I've stayed at this hotel about three times in the past. My most recent stay was in May 07. Like any hotel, there are pros and cons. The Pros: Location: it's located in Fisherman's Wharf. Some people may criticize the area as a 'tourist trap', but I find it an interesting and lively area. Why stay downtown when you can be in the waterfront with views of the bay, Golden Gate bridge and Alcatraz island? The hotel is also within walking distance to cable cars, Muni busline and the F-line (streetcars). Plus, there are plenty of restaurants and shops around. The price: it costs compartively less than other surrounding hotels in Fisherman's Wharf. However, the Radisson is no five-star accommodation; so if you're looking for something like the Ritz, go to the Ritz! The basic amenities/service: It was somewhat slow at check-in (apprx. 15-20 min.), but not a big deal, esp. since I went to SF on a holiday weekend. I requested in advance a room near an elevator, and they did honor that request. The lobby was clean and they had a helpful concierge. My room size (city view w/king) was comfortable for a single traveler; it would be fine for two as well. Overall, it was clean with everything working. Another plus-they have 'sleep number' / sleep comfort beds (which you can customize) in most, if not all, their rooms. The cons: Location: My room was facing the back street, which could be somewhat noisy at times. But overall, I didn't have much problem getting sleep (okay if not in the room most of the day). Additional amenities/service: My only minor 'complaint' is the air conditioning, which was a bit old-style and making a bit of noise when turned on. They also have a back entrance/exit which leads directly to the main street at the wharf. But I was told this door does not work at times when you swipe your room card. The hotel doesn't have its own restaurant and doesn't offer continental breakfast, but it wasn't a big deal for me since there are so many nearby restaurants. Overall, it was a good stay and a good value. I would recommend this hotel for most people.	
May 24 2007 	A difficult choice	Hotel accommodation in SF is expensive - fact. Fisherman's Wharf is the US equivalent of Blackpool (no offence meant). So, if you are looking for &quot;reasonably&quot; priced accommodation in a convenient location (we were in SF one night and had booked the Alcatraz tour) then the Radisson is a fair option. Just don't expect any frills.The room looked directly out onto (not over) a car park - in which we had to pay a further $30+tax to park. So even though the hotel is close to the water front, don't expect views.The room was clean, tidy and well furnished although lacked character. But it's in the middle of a vast swathe of restaurants and entertainments so you needn't stay in it longer than is necessary to get a good nights sleep.	
May 15 2007 	Travel Agent Visit	Great location if you want to stay in the Wharf area. About a 5-7 minute walk to Pier 39. The outside of the hotel is not very attractive but don't let this worry you.Rooms were small but nice. My room was on the 4th floor (only 4 floors) streetside. Could hear the traffic at night but by putting the fan on, the street sound was gone.There is no restaurant on site at the hotel. Many restaurants within walking distance. In the AM there is a coffee stand in the lobby offering simple breakfast grab and go items. Next door is an IHOP offering good food and service.A small courtyard offers a small pool. The staff was polite and helpful.Parking is $40 per day.The public transportation is within 1-2 blocks from the hotel.I used an airport shuttle service and the cost is $15 one way.	
May 11 2007	Poor	I can't believe so many people list the room being clean as a bonus - isn't this a pre requisite for ANY Hotel?On checking in we were greeted by rude staff who just seemed to want to get rid of us as soon as possible, the rooms were more basic than some of the smaller chains we stayed in, and the outside door to the car park wouldn't shut - not exactly secure.still, the location for Fisherman's wharf is great, but unlike other city hotels, no information was offered on how to see the sights - strange in such a touristy area.	
May 6 2007 	Better than expected	Reviews of this hotel varied from very good to poor, so we didn't really know what to expect, and were pleasantly surprised by a good sized room, very comfortable king sized bed, very clean. When we complained about the toilet running on and on, it was fixed the next day. We were on the 2nd floor, by the parking lot (very sparsely used) and so had a view of Alcatraz and Fisherman's Wharf, which we enjoyed. We found it very convenient for shopping as we could pop down one floor and be on Jefferson Street, right in the middle of shopping and restaurants. I wouldn't recommend the IHOP - too busy and not great food. Johnny Rockets makes a good breakfast, and try Boudin's for Clam Chowder in a sourdough bread bowl. Close to the tour buses, Pier 39 and the Alcatraz ferry (which I recommend).	
May 2 2007 	A good option in Fisherman's Wharf	RadissonThe location of the Radisson couldn’t be better, just a few blocks from the Fisherman’s Wharf, Pier 39 and the pier where leaves the boat to Alcatraz, close to restaurants and the Cable Car stop. The most expensive ride by taxi was from the airport: about US$ 45. To Union Square it was about US$ 8. You can also get the Cable Car to downtown (US$5, 25 per person), the stop is 3 blocks from the entrance of the hotel. But we enjoyed a lot walking around instead of taking cabs.Our room was very clean, we had a king bed with nice and clean linens and extra pillows. The bathroom had complete set of shampoo, conditioner, soap and body lotion replaced every day. It also had a hair dryer and iron in the room. The service was great from the front desk to the housekeeping.We got the best rate in our entire trip! And again: very comfortable and very close to everything. For my first time in SF it was great to stay in a place close to tourist attractions, but maybe next time I’ll try a different neighborhood.	
Apr 30 2007 	Location LocationLocation	We stayed 2 nights at the Radisson Fisherman's Wharf in San Francisco from 4/14 to 4/16. We got there earlier than the posted check in time but were allowed to go to our room 3 hours early. Matt, the hotel clerk was courteous and accommadating. The room was spacious, clean, and comfortable, with a balcony overlooking the pool. The hotel is located across the street from Fisherman's wharf Pand you are within walking distance to Pier 39, Alcatraz cruises, and the Trolley. There are restaurants and entertainment aplenty near this hotel.	
Apr 23 2007 	Not a bad stay	Stayed here for a business meeting and thought it was just average for what you pay. Contrary to other reviews, I had no problem with the size or cleanliness of the room (King sleep number bed). We did have problems with the concierge's knowledge of the city. When we went across the street to the information center at Pier 39 to ask questions, they said that they frequently had guests from our hotel over there asking questions. As for the location, some might think it's great. However, I wasn't all that excited about being that close to Fisherman's Wharf. It was so congested everywhere you went. That's fine for a short visit to Fisherman's Wharf, but I prefer somewhere a little more remote for an extended stay. Whenever we would go out for lunch, it would always be a real hassle to get around all the people and find somewhere to eat.	
Apr 22 2007 	Good Experience w/Radisson SF	This hotel was wonderful everything from location, service, cleaniness and convenience. The hotel is across the street from the wharf so it was nice to step out onto the street and walk to Pier 39 and the surrounding areas. The cable car route is conveniently 3 blocks away. It was nice to park the car for a day at the hotel and explore the city on public transit. We received coupons for breakfast to the IHOP restaurant located downstairs; the service was fast even though crowded with tourists. The bed had wonderful down comforters, a definite luxury! There were many restaurants around the wharf but if you want to get away from seafood, go to Columbus Ave. which is only blocks away. That street has so many italian restaurants! Chinatown is only minutes away as well. We have 3 children so staying at this hotel helped make SF a wonderful experience for us.	
Apr 11 2007 	Great location comfy beds	We stayed at the Radisson in March, found a great deal on Travelzoo that included the free parking. Staying here is worth it for the free parking as it runs on average $28 a day. We checked in pretty late and staff was curtious and swift at getting us to our room. Definetly utilize the conceriege's knowledge of the city, that is what he's there for. The bed was very comfy, we were upgraded to the king sleep number. The room was spacious and quiet considering its in the middle of Fishermans Wharf. Which brings me to the location. GREAT! Right across the street from Pier 39 and a short walk to the cable car stop, which I would recommend to anyone if they've never seen San Francisco. Overall, a great trip and an enjoyable stay!	
Apr 11 2007 	Ouch!	For our family vacation, I decided to splurge a little and pay a little more for a nice, safe and well located hotel. For the price I paid I was expecting more. Then upon arrival, I was told I needed to pay for parking at the hotel, which was an additional $45.00 per night. OUCH! I was told this is standard for all hotels in the area and had I booked directly from their website I would have been aware of such a large additional fee. The lady at the front desk was not pleasant at all. I could hear the people on the floor above us - walking. The room was clean, but small. For the price....IT WAS NOT WORTH IT. Will not stay there again!	
Mar 25 2007 	Perfect Location	We stayed at the Raddison in November and only had one problem on arrival. After an exhausing 16 hour journey they gave us the key to an occupied room. We went straight back to reception and it was resolved straight away! The room we got was very large and clean and the bed was comfy too!! The positioning of this hotel is PERFECT. You can hear the sea lions at night from pier 39 its that close! On our first morning we went out walking at 7.00 (jet lag!!) and it was so peaceful seeing the stall holders setting up for the day and we could see the Golden gate bridge in the distance. We then walked back to see the sealions and ride the carousel on pier 39. (an absoulute must for those kids at heart!) Then over to alcatraz you need to book your tickets in advance for this and make sure you take the audio tour! The hotel is within easy walking distance for the tram turnaround at Hyde street. Make sure you go early morning though as you are in for a long wait during the day!The price of this hotel and location cannot be faulted, I would definetly use again!!	
Mar 21 2007 	Great location!	We took our Dad and Mom to SF to spend a long weekend. With Dad not being in very good health, we wanted a hotel in a good location. The Radisson definitely fits the bill! There is lots to do within walking distance. Breakfast at the IHOP was very good, and we really enjoyed lunch at Johnny Rockets. The hotel rooms were average...We didn't have the sleep number beds (my brother unexpectedly joined us, and reserved a room the day of his check in, paying almost 1/2 of what I paid, and getting a view and the sleep number beds.. our view was of the parking lot)... but the hotel did honor our request for connecting rooms. The staff was very attentive to our needs, responding very quickly to our requests.Don't expect luxury....it's far from that, but very clean, and has the basic necessities needed.. I would stay again...think it is a great place for families..	
Mar 20 2007 	Just fair at best............	Stayed here March 11-13. Let me start by saying that this was our first time to San Francisco and this hotel was in the PERFECT location......right in the middle of everything on the wharf.However, the location and the front desk staff were about all that was good.The front desk staff were so attentive and friendly, that it almost makes it hard to complain about the hotel. BUT the hotel is very old and needs a re-model. The hallways are very long, narrow, and musty. The doorways to the rooms are smaller than on a cruise-ship, so getting your luggage in the room is a real treat.The room itself was very small with a small bathroom. I had called and requested a top floor room with a view of Alcatraz. Our room was on the top floor (3rd) , at the very end of the hallway (farthest away from elevators)and had a view of a street. The room was hot and musty, and the window air conditioner didn't seem to be working well initially, so we tried to open the window. The windows must be the originals because they were on an old metal frame that made it almost impossible to open and close.The good news is that the air conditioner kicked in and worked well throughout our stay.We did have a sleep number, king size bed....Unfortunately, the bed took up most of the room. There really wasn't even a place to put our suitcases other than on the bed.My biggest complaint is the smell in the hallways. It was some kind of fake citrus smell...probably to cover the musty smell....but it was WAY too strong...and made me want to puke everytime I was in the hallways. The coke machine on our floor was faulty...and would just eat your money. The front desk refunded it, but it was inconvenient to not have access to a soda machine. The pool area was very small, but seemed to be clean and the water was warm.I would say that this 'motel' is okay if you want a good location for alcatraz trips, tours, pier 39, etc. but it isn't worth more than $99/night, which a deal we found online. Also, just FYI, the cab trip from the airport to the pier area is $45-50.00...and I would NOT recommend renting a car in San Francisco, as there are plenty of ways to get around and parking is expensive!!!	
Mar 12 2007	Great Location.Top QualityWould definately use again!	I stayed at the Radisson from the 1st March-8th as a solo traveller on my own and found it a top quality excellent hotel. The location is perfect for any tourist in the area. You literally come out fo the rear entrance to the hotel past the pool and you are across the road from Pier 39 and the street performers and on the same side as all the shops and resturants. I got a good rate of $99 per night before tax which is a fantastic rate for a hotel of this standard and in such a good location, I have stayed at Radisson chains before and this was one if not the best one so far.I had room 4051 on the 4th floor with a King sleepnumber bed which was very comfortable indeed,made everyday and had at least 6 very cofmortable pillows and a nice cover. The room was nice and spacious and very quiet at night with no noise coming from the front or any other guests for that matter. Nice sized television with all the channels you needed and complimentary Wi-Fi broadband available in the room which i used with my laptop on the in room desk area.The bathroom was very clean and spacious with a good sized bath/shower and plenty of fresh towels and toiletries left daily which was a nice welcome.The hotel is ajoined to Johnny Rockets which is handy and the pool is great,I never got to try the gymn area but saw it and it looked pretty cool. Has a nice seating area outside too as I enjoyed the warm weather there with a cool drink on occassions and lots of seating area in the lobby to relax with a drink and a newspaper.The location is such that you do not need to use public transport, From here I walked everywhere including to Chinatown,North Beach,Lombard street/Nob hill and all of the front and on one hot day I walked from the hotel to the Golden gate bridge along the costal pathway/Chrissy fields which was all within walking distance if you dont mind walking.Theres a great place next door that offers a full american breakfast for $6.99 which is next to the seven eleven which had some good value food and a I-hop to the other side and then you have all the regular food places withina 2 min walk as well burger king/mcdonalds etc.I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone and would stay here again if I found myself in town,The area is very safe and I walked it at all hours even to 1.30am in the morning alone and had no problems at all just the usual homeless situation that all parts of america have but they wont bother you so dont let that put you off.I have lots of pics too which I will attach shortly as I am at work at the moment,Feel free to contact me with any questions.Things I would recommend:-Use Supershuttle from SFO they offer a $15 door to door service which is very handy although the BART is not hard to navigate the shuttle is nice to just sit back and relax after a long flight.-Try the Clam Chowder and Sourdough across the road from the hotels back entrance its great-And finally definately see the city by foot (or bike) you see so much more than in a car or on public transport and get the real experience.	
Mar 6 2007	Great spot	We spent one night (Friday night). I grew up near San Francisco and I've been to Fisherman's Wharf many times over many years. We actually got a great deal, $99 including parking, for this stay. While the property is older, the room was very nice for the price and you can't beat the location. You are literally right at Fisherman's Wharf so you walk 100 yards to the Alcatraz Ferry another 100 yards to Pier 39 or going the other way, it's a 5 minute walk to Ghiardelli Square and a terminus for the Cable Car. For dinner, go to Scoma's not the restaurants that are in plain sight. Don't miss the Buena Vista which is the world's best Irish Coffee.	
Mar 2 2007 	Good hotel at a great price	I stayed at this hote for 1 night by myself in advance of a 6 night stay I plan to take with my family in May.I found the hotel reception staff to be very friendly and helpful.The room was really big with two queen beds, large TV, good bathroom and iron/board. A major plus was the free internet access!This is the wrong time of the year for the pool, but if looked nice.The location is good, one block from the water front of Fisherman's Wharf.I didn't try the restaurant or bar (in fact I don't even know if they have either). Top pancakes and omelette next door at the ihop!	
Mar 2 2007	Excellent Location...Great value and comfort!	We had a wonderful time at this hotel. It is nicely remodelled and very comfortable. It was nice to sleep on a select comfort bed. Service at the desk was great. Parking is very nice too and affordable for the area. The best thing about this hotel is it's location right accross the street from Pier 39. Can't say enough about the location!! The price compared to other hotels that are not as close is excellent at least 10% less...making it a great value! If I had to search for something to criticize -- the bathrooms could be a little bigger.	
Feb 25 2007	Its all about the location! - Rather a Motel than a Hotel experience	I spent two nights at the Radisson. The location is just brilliant for tourists - right in front of Fishermans Wharf. If you pay a little extra, you can get a partial view on the bay and specially Alcatraz. However, the hotel is really old and even for San Francisco standards expensive. It used to be a motel before Radisson took it over. Our room was ok and the bed was really comfortable. If you need some basic accommodation, the Radisson is definitely suitable.	
Feb 22 2007 	Great service best price nice rooms pool free wireless--can't go wrong!	We stayed at the Radisson Fishermans Wharf for Presidents Day weekend and had a great experience. I own a large retail store, plus I travel a lot, so courteous service is extremely important to me. The Radisson's employees exemplified excellent customer service. They were so friendly and cheerful that even our teenagers remarked &quot;everyone' is so nice here!&quot; The rooms were just right, nothing fancy, but everything clean and working well. Sleep number beds were very comfy. Nice pool, too. Free wireless internet was a huge plus--usually get charged about $15.00 for that. We paid about $130 per night, which included a breakfast from their coffee cart. Without even being asked, the front desk upgraded that to free breakfast at the ihop next door, when we couldn't get double beds.Our only complaint was the low water pressure in shower.	
Feb 20 2007	Pleasant	The rooms were clean and even though the hotel was completely full it was relatively quiet. Parking was easy and it is bascically right on the wharf. Rooms are small but is to be expected for San francisco. I would stay there again.	
Feb 14 2007 	Great Location	Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights from Dec 12th 2006 - Dec 16th 2006. Hotel is centrally located directly across the road from the water, and only a 5 min walk to Pier 39. Rooms are clean but small for the 4 of us 2A + 2 teenagers. A 2 bed room consists of 2 double beds not 2 queen size. Bathroom adequate size but bench space too small. We had a room that looked out to Alcatraz and overlooking the pool area. There is a McDonalds next door and a Subway around the corner and an IHOP next door. Good variety of restaurants all within 2-5 minute walk. There was free internet access which is handy, an ATM located in the foyer as well as a breakfast cart that offers bagels,fruit and coffee in the morning until 11am. There is no fridge in the room just an ice bucket. The price was great considering the location and the staff more than helpful. Parking is available for around $30.00 per night. If we were in San Francisco again we would probably stay here again as the location is unbeatable.	
Feb 5 2007	Very disappointing stay for a family with small kids	We just returned from a four-night stay at this Radisson and were very disappointed. We were traveling with our two small children (3 years old and 3 months old). The TV needed fixing twice. The doors to the TV armoire were right at toddler-head height, and did not slide into the armoire or open flush to the rest of the piece. Our son hit his head several times. The lock on our sliding door did not lock firmly, and our 3-year old was able to open the door to our fourth floor balcony. The customer service was terrible. The parking was very expensive ($28/day plus tax). The power went out in that part of town one night (not the hotel's fault, of course) but they had no generator, no way to get into the hotel from parking other than walking down the parking structure ramp (no easy feat with a toddler and an infant), no emergency lighting and no apology from the hotel for the inconvenience. And we were instructed that on our last day in the hotel, our room would be entered during a 3-hour window of time for alarm system testing. Again, not very accomodating to a traveling family. We wrote a letter to Radisson about our stay. No response yet.Positives to this stay: the Sleep Number beds. Great feature. And adjustable water flow selections in the shower. Distance to Fisherman's Wharf was excellent.	
Jan 27 2007	Great Price Great Location	I came across a great deal via Travelzoo ($99/night), so I booked it for our MLK Jr. Day weekend getaway. The fact that the room rate INCLUDED PARKING was a major bonus, as we wanted a car for our stay. The hotel is nothing fancy (occasional smell of smoke in the halls, duct tape holding the laminent on a room door, must go outside to get to the gym/lobby rest room [it was FREEZING that weekend]), but there were plenty of pros that made it worth the price (parking included, very close to crowded, tourist-ridden Fisherman's Wharf, nice staff, ability to print your boarding passes in the lobby). Room 4022 was incredibly large with a balcony, a &quot;dressing area&quot; between the room &amp; bathroom, and a VERY large bathroom. The room was kept very clean by housekeeping. We had good temperature controll and the beds were very comfy. Bottom line: I wouldn't want to pay more than we did, but we were very happy with our stay.	
Jan 24 2007	Radisson the worst hotel I can remember.	The room smelled horrible. I think it was smoke, despite the fact I asked for a no smoking room. I asked for a king bed room, close to the elevator. I got two doubles 500 feet from the elevator. 500 feet to walk with luggage. A very strange plan design. The sheets felt like sandpaper; very poor quality. The only good thing I can say is it is a great location; never would I stay there again.	
Jan 21 2007	Excellent position - wonderfully comfortable bed	Great position in the centre of Fisherman's Wharf, 2 minutes from Pier 39. Rooms with a view of Alcatraz Island and the hotel outdoor pool - used in all weathers! The king size beds are wonderfully comfortable and separately adjustable electrically. Coffee machine in room and good sized tv. Consierge really helpful.	
Jan 21 2007	They go the extra mile.	I chose this hotel via my travel agent and am pleased after an initial uneasiness. When I arrived there was only one staff member on the desk and a small queue. Suferring jet-lag i was not impressed at standing about, but another staff member soon arrived. However, she was a bit surly and not really what i would employ as front-of-house (first impressions?). Since that first tilt, things have improved though, and all other staff I have dealt with have been only too helpful and even seem to 'hover'a bit, anticipating your needs without being conspicuous about it. The location is superb and even if the hotel itself is quite old, it is kept in excellent condition and the housekeepers (room cleaners) are tops, totally non-intrusive. It is a bit like a home away from home and the staff are like the neighbours, dropping in to fix/replace/loan you things as you need them! Nothing seems to bother them.At the end of the day, you dont spend the whole of your time in your room and the most important time is sleep, and that is where the Hotel excells itself. The BEDS have an electronic control (handheld) which you can programme the bed to the degree of softness/hardness you desire. The pillows are super (feather) and there is always loads of fluffy towels in the bathroom. I really am enjoying my time here after initially giving them a (mentally) hard time. It is fabulous and I would not hesitiate to recommend it to anone.Oh, and make sure you call in advance as they have specials which is how i ended up here, for 1 week there was a tidy little discount.	
Jan 19 2007 	A disappointing experience	I was very disappointed by this hotelThe room was extremely small - not much room beyond a double bed. Fixtures and fitting were very old and tired. Bathroom was very drab and needed modernising.The room was also very noisy - a lot of noise from the road and also from other rooms.The hotel appeared to have zero facilities - nearest bar was in the Sheraton across the road. No office facilities, WiFi etc. No concierge on the desk and no doormanIt was not terrible - it was clean and the front desk staff were Ok, but given the Radisson name and also the nightly rate relative to other hotels in the area, I would have expected 100 times more	
Jan 6 2007 	Great location but we expected more	The location is fabulous. You walk through the pool area and a secured hallway and you're litteraly on the pier. Everything is within walking distance so we chose not to rent a car and took shuttles between the airport and it's less expensive then renting a car for three days just to pay another $30 a day to park it. We had some great meals and the fires works from the pier on New Year's eve where wonderful. Our only disappointing meal was at &quot;Joe's Crab Shack&quot;. The fish and chips were highly recommended by our server. What was served was frozen fish from a box on top of onion rings. When ask where the chips (fries) were she replied they were out and walked off.Again, the hotel has a great location, but few amenites. No restaurant, bar or lounge. No room service. Small worn rooms and a first for me at any hotel. The iron was attached to the ironing board making it very difficult to use. I didn't know irons where such a hot item. No pun intended. All in all, it's an average hotel at best with a good location.	
Jan 2 2007 	Travelodge kind with a Radisson name	Disappointing. We had nicer hopes about Radisson. Its a great location though. Room, shower and the entire corrider were not impressive at all. We stayed at the Wharf Inn right across the street for one night and could not find much difference between the Radisson and the Wharf Inn. Luckily we had AAA or else that would have been another 20-25$ for daily parking	
Dec 20 2006	Fantastic Location!!!	We did not stay here but did a sight inspection for work (I am a travel agent).Located directly opposite Fisherman’s Wharf the Radisson is great value for money and a fantastic location. Rooms are of a medium size and offer fabulous views of Fisherman’s Wharf and Alcatraz Island. Beds feature controls so guests can customize the mattress to be as soft or as firm as required. This property would be great for families, couples or business travellers.	
Dec 3 2006 	My relatives always stay here when they come to visit	I live in San Francisco and I always advise my visiting friends and famiy to stay here and they are always happy they did. As other reviewers have said the location is the best on the wharf. The bayview rooms are wonderful but at $300+ are not neccessary, who spends time in the room except to sleep? I think they are the only hotel who have bayview rooms and in my years of making reservations for family are usually all sold out of view rooms unless reserved in advance. Also, because they sell out of those rooms means they have no rooms left to upgrade guests to. I guess you get what you pay for, but the normal rooms are just fine.The staff has always been easy to deal with, especially the maids. The rooms are clean, but somewhat dated. My mom visited recently and she got to try out one of their Sleep comfort beds with the remotes, she got a kick out of it and said it was comfortable.Anyway, this hotel is clean comfortable and wonderfully located. It's my choice of hotels on the wharf.	
Nov 30 2006 	Great Location!	Awesome location. Pier 39 just across the street. Alcatraz cruises is a couple of blocks down on Pier 33 now. Easy access to Muni F Line that takes you to downtown thru Market St all the way to the Castro neighborhood. Very Clean hotel, and friendly staff. Will stay there again.	
Nov 18 2006 	Location location location!	You can't get closer to the wharf. A passage behind the courtyard leads to Jefferson Street and Pier 43 1/2. Pier 39 is so close you can hear the sea lions barking if the window is open. Many rooms have a balcony overlooking the outdoor pool. Their sleep number beds seem to be mostly hype and we discarded the mattress-like coverlet for a lighter blanket. Housekeeping was quick to respond to our requests; the concierge was helpful and efficient.Mornings from 6:00 to noon there is a breakfast cart in the lobby selling take away juice, pastry, muffins and fruit. An I-Hop is a few hundred feet down Beach Street. Right off the courtyard is a Johnny Rockets. They do a full breakfast and you can play oldies on their nickel jukebox. Also convenient is the North Point Shopping Plaza a block away. Walgreen's drugstore, Safeway supermarket and a Bank of America ATM can be found there, as well as a Radio Shack and a galaxy-class telescope store. The F Line streetcar stop is a block away.Some unexpected benefits: we enjoyed walking over to the (railed) edge of the open second level parking area, where we had a 'private balcony' overlooking the never ending activity on Jefferson and the adjacent pier area. We would also go out there to feed the seagulls breakfast scraps and watch pelicans fly by in formation. The Compass Grille at the Sheraton (cocktails, lunch, dinner) is right across the street. The convenient location is its principal asset. We'd happily stay there again.	
Oct 31 2006 	Great location	This was a very comfortable, clean hotel with a fantastic location.Plenty of food nearby &amp; Pier 39 is directly out the back entrance, which is perfect!The concierge was so helpful too!Would stay there again.	
Oct 22 2006 	Excellent stay	We just returned from a 6 night stay in the Radisson. At fist I was a bit sceptic because of the mixed reviews on this site. However I could not find something negativ. Check-in was at 4 pm but they let us check-in at 2 pm so we did not have to wait until 4. The room was great. It was clean, spacious and there were good facilities e.g. big (empty) fridge and a big in-room safe and coffeemaker. The staff was very hepfull and friendly. The day before we left we arranged a towncar to the airport at the conciergedesk for a fixed price of 50 dollars. Also our room was done perfect by housekeeping everyday.The location is also perfect. You exit the hotel right on Fisherman's Wharf and all restaurants are on walking distance. Also fastfood like IHOP. Johnny Rocket, SubWay etc is 2 min of a walk. Another great benefit is a large supermarket 2 blocks away on powell street. We walked to most of the attractions even Union Square we did by foot. It took about 1 hour, but on the way there you will see a lot e.g China Town. We took a 2,5 hour tour in a tourbus made from a cable car. It stops at the golden gate also for 30 min. This car is also right outside of the hotel. Also right outside the hotel is the boat that will take you to Alcatraz on Pier 33.One thing that can be influenced is the weather, but this was also great this time of year. You could walk outside till late. We felt completely safe which it also was.I would certainly stay here again. Good location, good food and nice people.TIP: take a bayarea guide which can be found in yellow boxes on the sidewalks. All information and maps are in here.	
Oct 10 2006 	Great Location	Great location for Pier 39, Fisherman's Wharf, Aquatic Park. Also easy to access bus lines to China Town. Hotel is very clean and in a safe area to walk. Conceige is very helpful in providing suggestions for restaurants, attractions, car rental, bus info etc. Not a fancy hotel, but well worth the rate. Staff was very pleasant, and room was cleaned early. We have stayed there 3 times now and never been disappointed.	
Sep 30 2006 	Great Hotel	The Radisson was just what we expected, brilliant. The staff were friendly and very accommodating. Even though we had booked a standard view room they upgraded us to a Bay View room free of charge the next day. The facilities are quite basic in that there is no restaurant or bar but we enjoyed our stay here tremendously. Very clean with friendly efficient service.The situation on Fisherman’s Wharf is stunning. We walked down by pier 39 at 6:00am and there is lots of activity, luxury liners being loaded with supplies. The sound of the Sea Lion colony and the gulls crying....fantastic!Don't use the highly expensive room phone to make calls though; there is a callbox just outside the reception area by the pool. Highly recommended.	
Sep 21 2006 	Very Average	We stayed at the Radisson for two nights in mid September. The good thing about this hotel is the location to Fisherman's Wharf and if you have AAA they will waive the parking fee. There is no restaraunt in the hotel, but there are plenty of places nearby. The room was average although they have sleep number beds. With all of the choices in the wharf area I think I'd try someplace else. I know most people travel for the sights but for $200 a night I expected a little more.	
Sep 19 2006	Disappointing holiday	I have just returned from staying in the Raddison and was not impressed, our bed was dirty and when I complained to the manager he would not come and see it and sent a bell boy insead. We were transferred to another room and offered no apology. I also object to paying 33 dollars per night for parking. I will never stay there again	
Sep 18 2006 	Location Location Location	If you want to be in the middle of Fisherman's Wharf and at a good price stay here. We parked our car on Friday when we got there and didn't even go back till Sunday when we left. You are walking distance from EVERYTHING!! The room is a typical room, but I typically don't go somewhere like San Francisco to sit in a hotel room. And if you are a people watcher, like my boyfriend is, then you should stand on the second floor parking lot and look over the end, you can see all of the Wharf and the people walking by. Restaurant are everywhere and so are ice cream shops :) We had a wonderful time and were even able to take a short nap in between site seeing, we were that close to everything.Only thing I have to caution you on is be VERY careful if you go through anything but the hotel because they don't hold your room, it is on a first come basis. We almost didn't get our room, which was two double bed, we were going to have to stay in the one king bed and sleep on a roll away bed. But they arranged something. Just be nice to the staff and they will take care of you.	
Sep 12 2006	Good location	Our family stayed here in August for 3 nights, the pool was quite small and the weather not really warm enough for swimming outdoors. The room was OK but not fantastic - we paid to upgrade to a pool view. It was quiet as we were at the end of a corridor. The staff was very friendly and helpful, particularly the reception and concierge. Breakfast was just a cart in the lobby so we just visited IHOP next door! Very good location for Pier 39. Very good diner which opens into the hotel from the street. Would stay here again.	
Aug 21 2006 	Very happy with our choice	We booked this hotel through the recommendations of our travel agent and had read some mixed reviews on here. Having just got back from a 6 night stay I thought I would add my opinion. As other people have said, the location is superb, with two entrances one right on the Wharf and the other on the main F-line system for easy transport to downtown. The room was very comfortable with a comfy (dial-a-number) bed and very clean bedding. The concierge and reservation staff were all very helpful and friendly. We would definately stay here again if we were lucky enough to be able to re-visit SF.	
Aug 3 2006	Location can't be beat!!	Glad we chose the Radisson! I found the location to be excellent, the price to be right, and the hotel to be very accomodating! Checked in at 2 PM and our room was not ready...so we went to Johnny Rockets and returned an hour later. The room that they had assigned, was now being changed due to a guest deciding to still an additional day. So, they gave us an even better room facing the pool, with a balcony and Sleep # beds!!! I thought this hotel was very clean and well maintained!! Did I say we loved the location?! Close to EVERYTHING!!! WE even walked from China Town back to the hotel...at night...with 3 kids and never felt unsafe!! I Would stay here again!	
Jul 29 2006 	Great location	We (family of four) stayed in this hotel for 6 nights and could not fault it. The location was excellent with its own private access to fisherman's wharf, close tro thecable cars and lots of excellent family restaurants and cafes. The room was large enough and the staff very friendly and helpful. Following the previous comments about the rooms we emailed several days before and asked for a room overlooking the pool and this was provided - it is the best option as you do get views of the bay and Acatrax from a balcony. Some of the other rooms do overlook the street at the back and that could get noisy.Happy to recommend it.	
Jul 17 2006	Great location and experience	I can not think of one complaint. This hotel is in a fantastic location. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms were large and clean. The pool was a nice quiet place to take a break and relax. We felt safe in the area and would stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 11 2006	In the Heart of the Action	If you're going to stay right on Fisherman's Wharf, this is a good place to do it. The hotel opens directly onto the Embarcadero where all the action is, and is a short walk from most of the restaurants and attractions. Our room was nice, but not as nice as other Radissons I've stayed in. There is no restaurant in the hotel, but many right outside, and the concierge was very helpful with dining recommendations, booking tour tickets, etc. The pool area is private and nice. No complaints at all, and we'd probably stay again.	
Jul 9 2006	Good place to stay at the Wharf	Arrived for a 4 night stay at the Radisson with some intrepidation due the very mixed reviews on this site recently. But..... we had no problems. We received a friendly welcome at reception and our room was a good size (vs. British hotels) and very quiet - we were on the 2nd floor at the rear overlooking the pool and it was extremely quiet. The adjustable beds were very comfortable and the bathroom/shower facilities were completely adequate, and clean. Other than a coffee/pastry cart the hotel has no restaurant facilities, but has direct access to &quot;Johnny Rockets&quot; diner from the pool area which is great for breakfasts, and is relatively inexpensive (the waiters also entertain with the occasional dance routine when a fav tune comes on the jukebox!). There is also the more expensive IHOP (International House of Pancakes) immediately next door. This is not a chic city centre hotel by any manner of means. It is just a comfortable motel in the heart of the touristy Wharf area - probably the only place to stay in SF with young kids. All of the wharf attractions are at your doorstep and trams, buses and cablecars to any part of the city are only minutes away. We felt that $160/night was a good deal for what we got and had no complaints.Concerning the several recents comments about the unsavoury characters on the surrounding streets - I certainly have never seen more bums and vagrants on the streets in any other US city than in SF, but this does not just apply to the Wharf area. This is liberal California at its worst! However, we wandered all over the city and the Wharf at all times of day and night and had no problems. The Wharf is aimed fair and square at tourist families and it is probably safer than most areas.	
Jul 7 2006	What's that Smell?	I think I had expected a nicer hotel because of my other Radisson experiences. This hotel had a distinct smell of stale urine in areas...including our room. The room was very small, but seemed to be clean. It just smelled...not strong, but smelled. No help was offered for baggage. On the plus, side the staff was very courteous. Parking was a self-parking garage conveniently attached to the hotel. Radisson has the sleep-number beds which are condusive to good night's sleep. The location is VERY good, because it is on Pier 39 close to many attactions and access to public transportation.Overall, I can not recommend this hotel. I think the Sheraton next door may be a better choice.	
Jul 4 2006	Sketchy Experience	The area in which the Radisson is located in itself is sketchy. There are an excessive amount of homeless people and interesting individuals wandering around at all times during the night. It is a tourist area, however, be careful. The hotel itself was very clean. However, each night we had some different sleep interruption. One night it was knocking on the door, the next it was screaming in the parking lot, and the last it was someone calling our room phone at midnight. Possibly we just had a bad crowd, or maybe this hotel attracts a poor clientle. Whatever the case it made our stay very unenjoyable.The staff was friendly, however they didn't supply us with luggage carts which made transporting our suitcases difficult. A small selection of morning food is available for breakfast but it is highly priced and poor quality. The internet connection was a very big plus.If asked if I would stay here again, I'd have to think twice.	
Jul 1 2006	Bay view room a must	When looking for a room this winter, I looked at so many different hotels, read many reviews. My mother had stayed at the Tuscan Inn 10 years ago and really liked it(coutyard room). I looked at the Sheraton(across the street) and chose the Radisson because the potential for a bay view room. We had four nights booked. We had a car and got free parking because we were over 50(senior discount) otherwise its $28 a night, rather pricey, something to consider. Started out in a partial bay view w/o a balcony, overlooking the pool area, but thought for the money it was not worth it. After one night we transferred to a full bay view, were quoted an extra $50 per night to change but were only charged $20. The staff was very helpful and moved all of our stuff for us. Now if you don't care about a room with a view, I might consider staying elsewhere, But when I stay at a hotel at a location where there is potential for a view-I want to see it! We had a full bay view(overlooking parking lot but I can deal with that) It was very roomy with a mini-fridge and a kingsize &quot;sleepnumber&quot; bed. We are not big breakfast eaters so the fridge came in handy to stock milk and fruit for cereal. There is a gocery store a block over(shortcut through the sheraton driveway). So at least we could save our money to spend on nice dinners! Noise from the wharf wasn't bad, everything winds down by 10-10:30(at least as far as the street performers are concerned). I loved getting up everymorning, and having my coffee and breakfast on the balcony and looking out over the bay. Now the fog on the Bay could be an issue as it was the last morning we were there so that is another thing to consider. I liked have a fitness room too because I work out everyday. I've included a couple pictures from the balcony(pictures of alcatraz from other reviews are clearer)	
Jun 30 2006	Radisson Hotel Fisherman's Wharf is a Fantastic Hotel	This is an excellent hotel in San Francisco. It has everything you want in a hotel. First, it has a heated pool for the very cool weather in San Francisco. Second, it has restaurants for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. It has a Johnny Rocket's and it has an IHOP inside of it. It also has a very small fitness room. The staff at the hotel was very friendly and the place was very clean. The room we had was average size, but the balcony in most of the rooms have an incredible view of the bay and alcatraz island. The beds were very comfortable with the Sleep Number beds and the room was very clean. The best thing about the hotel was the great location in fisherman's wharf. It is very close to Pier 39 which is the most popular place in san francisco and it is near lots of restaurants all up the wharf. Also, it is close to ghirardelli square. Altogether, this was a great hotel to stay for families and tourists.	
Jun 8 2006	great location	we loved the location of this hotel. It is very convenient to the attractions. The Pier 39 was our favorite. This hotel was closest compared to other hotels. Everything is walking distance except for Union Square, but we only went there for a couple of hours. We biked the Golden Gate. When we first arrived in our non-smoking room, it smelled of stale smoke. We told the front desk and they quickly gave us a new room and apologized. The new room smelled fine. The hotel is older but it is what you pay for. We paid $130 through hotels.com. The street noise was heard during the day but it was no problem at night. The bed and sheets were very comfortable. The shower had some mildew but not repulsive. We would definately stay here again.	
Jun 2 2006	Loved it but the plumbing!	As other reviews, great location, very good hotel, clean, roomy and great staff. The only small annoyance (hope i am not being picky) was when another room used there tap, shower etc the water pipes made a lot of noise. apart from that a great hotel at the price.Also if you do stay here and fancy a good drink go to &quot;Tierans&quot; (spelling may be off) a irish bar near the cable car turn is a great place for a bite to eat and a drink. Live music every night and great staff.Popmpei Grotto on the wharf also do great food.We stayed for four nights and found all of fishermans wharf very safe. we were walking around after midnight every night and we looked every part the tourist's. Tip: cable cars get very busy try to go off peak or not at weekends if your stay will allow.Tip: Alcatraz, book tickets before you go, when we went they had sold out 5 days in advance. people were waiting in stand by Q's	
May 29 2006	Good location good price good hotel	First impressions of this hotel are that it is a bit dated. This is if you see it from Fisherman's wharf where it looks like something out of the 1970's.However when you get inside it is a good hotel for a good price. This is not 5 star luxury but is clean and comfortable with good amenities. The rooms have good internet connectivity which is provided for free with in room safes. The bathrooms are clean with a reasonable shower. The best thing about this hotel is the location seconds from all the attractions and restaurants at Fisherman’s wharf. The lack of proper restaurant facilities in the hotel is made up by the selection of places to eat in the location. If you are visiting for a holiday or short break this is an ideal hotel.	
May 18 2006	Overpriced and the area is really rough	I didn't read any reviews about this hotel as we stayed here unexpectedly on a tour type holiday. We decided we wanted an extra night in San Fran as we didn't think we'd fit it all in in 2 days.After stopping at a few of the hotels on the Wharf, we settled on the Radisson maily because I was getting fed up looking (long drive) and it was one of the cheapest we had asked at (Hilton, Sheraton, Holiday Inn etc).The check in staff were great and our room was huge, as was the bathroom, it was also clean, so no complaints there.Basically we got what we paid for and as it was only for one noght that was fine.The only thing I would say is that Fishermans Wharf during the day is just about okay, with Pier 39 being the best bit. But when we stepped out at night I felt really unsafe and it looks very seedy and cheap. So much so we went back to our room.Maybe I'm being unfair on the hotel scoring, as it was Fishermans Wharf I hated.Would I recommend it, yes if you want to stay right on the Wharf, it was good value for money. Would I go back, never again would I go to Fishermans Wharf!	
May 14 2006	Pleasantly Surprised!	Having read the various earlier reports on this hotel, we arrived with geat apprehension after a long flight from UK via LA. Pleading tiredness, we aked for a quiet room and were immediately allocated one on the top floor and at the end of one of the wings. Consequently it was well away from any noise and actually gave us a partial view over the bay. The room itself was clean and perfectly adequate - the inflatable mattress was fun to play with! That said, we achieved our quiet stay at the expense of a route march to/from the ice machine or, even further, to the elevators. However, it was certainly worth it as we were well away from the numerous school/youth parties that the hotel seems to specialise in. Undoubtedly they would make for a noisier stay in a more central room. The parties also seemed to have agreements with the iHop for breakfasts, so we preferred either the danish/coffee option in the lobby or the Johnny Rockets, which was extremely convenient and good value, even providing impromptu song/dance routines by its waiting staff! Additionally, the nearby Safeway store is very handy for stocking the in-room fridge with wine, etc. Above all, it's a question of location, location, location! This hotel is difficult to beat on those grounds, the staff are all extremely polite and helpful, and the rooms are perfectly acceptable, if not luxurious. Well worth considering for a few days in the City.	
May 2 2006	Radisson...wonderful	Very friendly and helpful staff. Wonderful room. Sleep Number Beds are the best.Great View. Close to everything. I would highly recommend the Radisson.	
Apr 25 2006	Great location Hotel could do better	After a great stay in March 2005, we decided to stay again in the Radisson Fisherman's Wharf for 3 nights in April 2006. Although the location is superb we found a had a few issue's this time. Check in was stressful (room not ready in time) 1 towel in our room (family of 4), constant noise all through the night (doors banging ect). Don't be fooled by this hotel being the closest to pier 39 because any hotel in the fisherman's wharf area is a great base for your vacation.	
Apr 18 2006	An OK place to stay	An excellent location for a whistle stop stay in SF I had read many of the reviews about this hotel before I booked so I went with an open mind. As we were only in SF for 3nights we needed a hotel on the spot and this hotel was just that. On the advise of other reviews I requested a room over looking the pool area which we got, then we didn't have views over the car park so that would be my recommendation. After the 10 hours flight from the UK all we wanted was a clean and comfort bed for the night and that is exactly what we got. Yes the walls were a little thin and you could hear your neighbours but nothing to cause us any problems. The direct access to Fishermans Wharf also proved to be a bonus. Ihop next door was fine for breakfast but not alot else. I found staff to be polite and helpful. I would recommend this hotel because of it's location, apart from that is was an OK nothing special sort of place.	
Apr 7 2006	Ask for a Bay View - in advance	Well we had read all the good/bad/terrible reports on this Hotel before we booked so some things we found wern't a total surprise.1. Fantastic Location - walkthrogh to FW very useful.2. I emailed the Hotel a couple of days prior to arival and asked for a Bay view room - which we got. In hindsight I should have asked for a 3rd floor room as this floor is totally non smoking.We had no problem with noise.I did ask for a no smoking room - which we got -but on the 4th floor - which also has smoking rooms - so this makes the corridors smell.3. Yes, the carpets/decor are a little dated, but our room was clean, and the bathroom very nice.4. No food/restaurant - we went to both the IHOP and Johny Rockets which are attached - we found IHOP slow and expensive when compared to Johny Rockets which was good. There are pleny of other places to eat nearby.5. Front desk and consierge both very helpful.6. Pool and gym both OK - but with so much to do in SF how long are you going to be in there?	
Apr 7 2006	Is this the noisiest Hotel in San Francisco?	No doubt about it, the location of this hotel is fab - with direct access to Fisherman's Wharf and all it's great amenities. However, the hotel itself was very disappoiting. The room was clean and well decorated but was very small - there was hardly enough space to put up the ironing board! If you are looking forward to a good nights sleep at this hotel, then forget about it! The walls are so thin you can hear everything from the rooms next to you, above you &amp; below you - voices, the T.V, hairdryers etc.. and the noise the plumbing makes is unbelievable. If you are unlucky enough to have a room overlooking the road, be prepared for the constant noise of traffic and the regular rubbish vans and delivery trucks that arrive from about 4.00am, leaving their engines running for ages.In summary, loved Fisherman's Wharf and San Francisco but would not recommend this hotel.	
Apr 6 2006	Great Location! O.K Hotel	We stayed at this hotel March - April 2006. The Location was fantastic, with a good view of Alcatraz from our second floor room. The rooms however were slightly shabby but nevertheless clean. The ihop next door was great for breakfast and the check in staff were pleasant and courteous. Average hotel in a great central area.	
Apr 1 2006	Absolutely Fabulous	This was our first trip to San Francisco and unsure where to stay. The hotel was very nice for the money 99 per night, had excellent views and was clean and quiet. Fishermans wharf offered a safe place with much to do in the evening. Nearby were many dining options in all price ranges. Transportation to pretty much anywhere you would want to go was within a few blocks, most could be reached within one block. The hotel staff and conceirge were very helpful. Don't miss Alcatraz or Johnny Rockets, both were great fun.One tip if you go to haight ashbury(great for us old hippies) do not go into golden gate park at the end of Haight it is the &quot;back entrance&quot; we later discovered nicknamed dealer heaven! Very scarry even in broad daylight!	
Mar 27 2006	NOT 4 stars!!	The check-in process was quick at least..The first room we checked into had a horrible smell, I mean BAD like something dead. Even the maid (who was in the room even though we were given the keys) was holding her nose and saying &quot;BAD SMELL IN HERE WON'T GO AWAY&quot;...the decor was very ratty..we called down and were immediately given another room. It was obvious that the first room was much older and in an older wing of hotel. Thankfully, the 2nd room was better and seemed cleaner. It was very noisy all night, and the blow dryer was broken. There was a light that was flickering loudly in the bathroom, we requested that the bulb be replaced the first night we were there, that never happened. The 2nd morning we were awakened at 6am by the maid cleaning the room upstairs, thumping around and moving furniture for 45 minutes. It was awful. The pool was closed for service, something that we should have been told PRIOR to our arrival. They did offer to let guests use a pool at another hotel (very inconvenient). I will say that we only paid $125 thru an online site, so it wasn't the normal $225 per night charge at least!! The parking was $40 per night, OUCH. I won't be staying at this place again. WAY too loud and not at all worth the $225+ taxes and fees. The location is great, but the noise problems and the low budget rooms are not at all worth dealing with.	
Mar 15 2006	Great Location!	Stayed here for 3 nights in February. The location was great for Fisherman's Wharf - restaurants and shops. The room was clean and tidy but I would have to agree with the comments about the noise. Our room overlooked the main street outside and it was very busy and sometimes delivery trucks would arrive by about 6am and run their engines for ages while you try to drift back to sleep! I would also have to agree with the comments about going out after dark around the streets by the hotel. You are fine around Fisherman's Wharf but don't venture any further around as the streets are deserted and not much street lighting. Great restaurants around the area and a fantastic pancake restaurant right on the corner which did great breakfasts.	
Mar 12 2006	It's Fine!!	Stayed for 4 nights from 1st - 4th March. Our room, on the third floor, overlooked the car park but you could see the top of Coit Tower and the waterfront from it.Room had a huge bed and was fine, not the largest but quite adequate. Hotel was quiet and we slept well.It's position is fantastic, walk through the rear walkway and directly onto the wharf, short stroll to Pier 39, the f-line is almost outside and thr tram car stop if a five-ten minute walk away.Breakfast can be got at either McDonalds, Ihop or other small cafes within a short stroll.Staff were helpful and basically it all went well, I'd happily stay again.	
Mar 11 2006 	Radisson should be ashamed	Noisyest hotel we have ever encountered. This one was really bad and we have been everywhere. Don't plan on getting any sleep. Make sure you get a courtyard room as they have the only views. You can watch people smoke on the other balconys. If you lean out over the balcony rail you can just see Alcatraz over a parking garage. The desk clerk gave us the courtyard because she said the street facing rooms were noisy. I can't imagine. The courtyard carried the Alcatraz decorating theme. The room carpets were burned, stained and ragged. Should have been replaced 10 years ago. Bathroom had something growing behind the door. I guess they don't clean behind the door cause nobody looks there anyway. Location is good but there are better places in the same location. Checkin and security staff were very nice. Checkout clerk was rude and sarcastic. When I asked for our paperwork he said that there weren't any charges and that if there were he wouldn't tell us anyway. Go figure. We aren't whiners or complainers and are really very easy going but this pushed us over the edge. Loved SF but would stay at another hotel even if it cost more.	
Feb 26 2006	Good hotel great price great locatoin	You should stay here because of the location. After dark, street people come out &amp; it's very scaring. Radisson Hotel has direct walking path to Fisherman's Wharf. Other Hotel's are located one or two blocks away and families should NOT be on side streets at dark. Our hotel rooms were on the second floor, very old and had dirty carpets, so they moved us to the four floor which were cleaner and a quietier floor. Staff were very nice and helpful.	
Feb 26 2006	Freindly Staff Nice Room Nice Location	We stayed six nights here. Everything was fine. The room was clean, the staff was friendly, the location is lovely. Right by the bay. The courtyard/pool area is also very nice. You are right in the middle of the Wharf area, right on the F Muni line. If you don't mind how touristy it is, this is a nice area. A lot of the local bars and restaurants shut down around 9 or 10, at least this time of year. If you want to be out dining and drinking until 2 am, the Union Square area might be more for you.But this hotel is very nice.	
Feb 26 2006	Beds to sleep.....	The hotel has just introduced new electric operated beds. You can adjust the firmness of the bed to your own comfort. If you get a queens size bed,both people can choose the own stiffness. Great after a hard days site seeing.	
Feb 23 2006	Great location	Stayed here for 2 nights. Had read other reviews which recommended requesting a room overlooking the pool - how right they were!! We made the request and had a great room on the 3rd floor which not only looked over the pool, but when you stand on the balcony you also had a great view of the Bay and Alcatraz. Hotels which are on the outside of the hotel don't have balconies either!! You can pay to upgrade to a Bay view room - these are at the ends of the hotel and directly face the bay - not really worth the extra as they also overlook the carpark.Room had 2 double beds and had plenty of room for all our baggage. The bathroom was also a good size. There was a small stall in the reception which sold fruit, coffee etc but if you want a real American Breakfast there is an IHOP just next door - gets quite busy but the food and service were great. There is a small 7/11 grocery store around the corner or if you cross over the road and go up the hill a short distance you will find a Safeway. Its also not too far to walk to the old tram stop up to Union Square for a bit of shopping!The hotel has its own entrance directly onto the Wharf area which is really handy as the main entrance to the hotel is on Beach St which runs parallel behind the main wharf area.Check-in/out was good and really quick with friendly staff - no long queues as we had when we've stayed at other hotels in the area.This was a really good overall hotel and if we go back to San Francisco, we shall definately stay there again.	
Feb 6 2006	Excellent location but room needs to be updated	This hotel's greatest asset is its location. Very convenient access door to Fisherman's Wharf &amp; centrally located to all lines of transportation. However the room was not inviting - the carpet needed to be replaced, the bathroom tile floor needed to be shined &amp; there was a musty smell in the hallway. Room was very plain &amp; small for three guests (2 adults/1 toddler).	
Jan 26 2006	Friendly Staff Average Hotel Great Location!	This hotel wasn't a four seasons or anything, but it was perfectly adequate to relax, sleep, and have quick access to all of the major sites of San Francisco. The staff was incredibly friendly and made it a point to help us as best as they could. We had no problems at all with the staff or the accomodations. The only thing I would do to make this hotel better would be to add a bar, lounge, or small cafe so that we could have grabbed a quick drink in the hotel. Other than that, it was perfectly fine!	
Jan 18 2006	Its alright	This hotel was alright but not great. We were in a room with no view and then we got upgraded to one that had a view but the room was more bunted. The toilet overflowed :( they came and fixed it kinda fast but i would have preferred not to overflow. The beds were alright, tv had a good picture and the ice machince was kind of far away. They had a nice pool and lobby area but no restaurant however there was a johnny rockets next door among other places. When youre a guest you have a special walkway to fishermans wharf. The hotel is close to alot of things we walked to the tram place and got a tram to union square. At night time watch the street people near the bins with braches its funny they jump out and scare people as a joke.	
Jan 14 2006	Helpful staff ideal location - hard to beat.	We are a family of 4 (2 adults and 2 kids - 14 &amp; 15) travelling on a budget and had been squeezed into some small rooms, but the receptionist took pity and put us into a much bigger room than we had booked. OK it overlooked a carpark, but if you want a view - it's a 1 minute walk to the harbour. The concierge gave us lots of helpful advice, and for the price of a taxi when we were leaving, booked us a limo which gave us a tour of the surrounding hills on the way to the airport.It might not be the most modern or luxurious hotel, but it was clean and comfortable. And as everybody has said, you can't fault the location.	
Jan 3 2006	SF trip - November 2005	My husband and I spent 5 nights at the Radisson on Fisherman's Wharf in November. We had booked a king size room the first night, but switched to a room with double beds the remaining nights. The king size room was facing the street and was tiny. After we moved to the room with double beds we had a view of the bay (also the room and bathroom seemed more spacious). The refrigerator was a nice feature. The hotel is only a block off the bayfront which was nice. You have to walk through the courtyard and then thru a long hallway which opens out to the sidewalk. For breakfast everyday we picked up pastries at the Safeway store (1 block south of hotel - be sure and get the discount card). That was real handy for drinks and snacks. The rooms were cleaned daily and I didn't really hear to much noise in the hallways. The hotel was convenient to bus lines plus there were several restaurants within walking distance. We really enjoyed the hotel and would stay there again.	
Dec 22 2005	I read all the reviews still booked it but wouldn't again	Well I did all my research, read the reviews good and bad about the Raddison on Fishermans Wharf, and thought I'd give it a chance on the basis of &quot;It's a Raddison, it can't be that bad!&quot;In summary, I wouldn't stay there again - but it didn't ruin my stay in fantastic San Francisco.Having looked at all the hotel choices on the Wharf, I'd recommend only one - &quot;The Argonaut&quot; - looks great and is directly opposite the cable car turnaround.First of all, for location, it cannot be beat. It is opposite the Pier's and in the middle of all the Fishermans Wharf action.Having stayed there, it really has a 70's Motel feel about it. The building is really dated, and seems more suited to cars than guests, with all the concrete and many of the rooms overlooking the parking lot! (I mean cars park directly outside your room window)There is no bar, breakfast room or restaurant at the hotel. Upon asking reception why, they say that everything you need is around the hotel at Fishermans Wharf. For dinner, I'd agree. For breakfast I can say that it was a problem. There is an IHOP (International House of Pancakes) next to the hotel that serves breakfast, tried it once and wouldn't return. It took quite some time to locate places serving breakfast. We ended-up most days walking to the west end of the wharf near the cable car turnaround, about eight blocks. There is a development called the &quot;Cannery&quot;. It is a large brick building with The Argonaut on one side and shops on the other. There is a cafe/bar on the ground floor that serves a great breakfast. Also, &quot;Boudins&quot; opposite the hotel has a coffee and danish bar and there is a Starbucks a couple of blocks away. There is also a coffee cart in reception that serves muffins and drinks etc.The room furnishings are relatively new. The sleepmaster beds are sold as a big feature, but a gimmick in my opinion.We changed rooms on the first night as couldn't sleep due to the noise of the TV in an adjacent room at 1am. The walls are quite thin I think. The staff were quite responsive and gave me another room.Finding your room will be fun! It is like walking in a hall of mirrors! Really long corridors and they all look the same!In summary, I'd say that you can't trust the brand name to deliver you a certain standard of hotel. I certainly feel let down that I trusted the name of Raddison, after staying with them countless times in other places in the world.	
Dec 19 2005	Lost shoes in hotel	I stayed at Radisson Fisherman Wharf two nights in Aug. 05 with my family. Our experience has been negative: in comparison with American hotels standard, the quality/price ratio is very low, rooms are very small and the queen size beds are less comfortable than those of any other inn. But what I found incredible is the professionalism of the staff, considering the level of the hotel. The first night, just arrived in America, we forgot a pair of shoes in the room; the second night we moved to a different room in the same hotel but no one said us anything about it. Just left the hotel, we realized the fact and we called the hotel asking whether they had found the shoes, but they answered they hadn’t. It’s hard to believe that, if someone finds a pair of shoes, doesn’t inform the staff…!!	
Dec 15 2005	Location Location Location	Hotels in San Francisco can certainly be hit or miss. Like all great cities, neighborhood location should be a chief prerequisite for a hotel selection. If you want shopping, stay in Union Square. If you are in town on business, stay in the Financial District. If you want high-end, shoot for Nob Hill. If you want a solid tourist experience, head for the wharf.The Radisson is certainly not attractive from the exterior. The hotel's parking garage is two levels and &quot;wraps&quot; around the hotel so you may have a room facing the front grill of a large SUV. Very few of the rooms have views but be sure to ask for one. Some public areas are on the shabby end of the scale but the rooms are very clean and quite comfortable and honestly, who goes to San Francisco to hang out in their hotel lobby?My wife and I had a king room with one of those &quot;select comfort&quot; air mattress beds. The only thing king about the room was the bed. It appears that when the hotel was last remodeled, they may have expanded the bathroom into the closet to make it larger. Losing the closet meant adding a huge armoire for the television with two small side cabinets for hanging clothes. The size of the armoire takes up quite a bit of the room.The room itself was very nicely apportioned - tiled bathroom, a nice writing desk, a feather duvet and a choice of feather or foam pillows for the aforementioned sleep number bed - I discovered I'm a 35 by the way. Overall the stay was lovely.Some previous reviews knocked the hotel for its lack of amenities. Honestly, this is San Francisco - with a quick walk you can be in the thick of it on the wharf or in a taxi or on a cable car headed elsewhere in the city for shopping, eating, drinking, etc. The only time spent at your hotel here should be for sleeping!	
Nov 22 2005	You can’t beat the location.	We booked three nights at the Radisson, Fishermans Wharf as part of a holiday around the west of the USA. You really can’t beat the location of this hotel. It is right on the wharf. Pier 39 and the Alcatraz boat dock are moments away. You of course pay a slight premium for this, but we felt it was well worth it.The service was great also and check-in was fine. We did have a slight technical problem with our TV, I called down to reception and within about two minutes the maintenance man was there to deal with the problem – very efficient. The rooms were in excellent condition, although the décor was a pretty standard affair. We booked a standard room, but we put a request for a bay view, this was granted and we could see Alcatraz from our room. There are some very mixed reviews on this website. We honestly didn’t find the place dirty or smelly. You really can’t beat the location of this hotel.	
Nov 21 2005	Great location but shabby	Originally we were going to stay 5 nights at this hotel but having checked in on the first night we changed our minds. The location is fantastic but the hotel is so dated and shabby in some areas. There is no bar in the hotel so you cannot sit and have a drink. We stayed at the Marriot hotel for the remainder which was brilliant - the beds are so comfortable and the rooms large airy and nicely decorated.	
Nov 13 2005	Great Location - Defintely would stay again!!	My husband and I stayed at the Radisson in Sept 2005 for 4 nights. Our room was on the 4th floor and had the sleep by number bed - it was great! When we looked out our window we could see part of the Pier and Alcatraz. Our room was large and clean. The location is the best on the Wharf, only two blocks from Pier 39. We returned our rental car before we stayed due to how expensive parking is on the Wharf - $30/day. I see alot of reviewers have complained about the noise, we did NOT hear any during our stay. The Boudin Bakery is just across the street from the Radisson - very good sourdough bread and meals. There is a Trader Joe's 2 blocks away from the Wharf to get any snacks or two buck chuck (cheap wine - it is decent for only $2/bottle). Alcatraz is very cool to tour. We purchased our tickets on line for $16/each - it included the boat ride and the audio tour on the island. It is very interesting and worth it. From the Radisson the ferry dock is only a block away - so once again a very convienent location!! The only negative to this hotel would be the conciege lady was rather rude and elevators are a little slow. But that was very minor with such a great location. Before getting to Fisherman's Wharf, we had driven to Monterey and Muir Woods National Monument. Monterey Aquarium is HUGE and one of the best in the country. It is defintely worth the trip. Muir Woods is also very cool to hike around in, the Redwoods are over 1,000 years old. We were glad we drove ourselves, the tour buses of people were very loud at the park. If you go to Muir Woods a rental car can be rented for a day from Fisherman's Wharf (dollar rental car and budget) - get to Muir Woods early to explore before the tour buses arrive.All in all the Radisson was a great place to stay and I would recommend it to others!!	
Nov 10 2005	We left after just 1 night	We stayed at the Radisson in June this year.Originaly we had booked for 3 nights, but after 1 night we left and checked into the Sheraton just across the road.The rooms were small and not very clean. The beds were some of the most uncomfortable I have ever slept in. And the street noise meant that you got very little sleep.Worst of all, we were woken at 7am by workmen on the roof directly above us. When we telephoned reception to ask what the noise was, their response was &quot;what time will you be leaving the room?&quot;.We decided very quickly that we wouldnt be spending more than one night there, and when we told reception that we were checking out they did show some concern.They even brought the manager out to speak to us, but he wasnt interested in hearing about the problems we had experienced - he just told us to write to head office.The Sheraton on the other hand were fantastic - they let us check into the hotel at 9am so that we could get a few hours sleep before we went out to explore the city.Strange how two hotels right next to each other can be so different.	
Nov 6 2005	Need a serious makeover	Great location by the wharves, on arrival given a small room by the lift on the 2nd floor, on return from handing the rental car back, went to the front desk and complained about the room, very helpful guy at the desk moved us to large room on the 4th floor but with a corner view of the bay and the piers. The hotel could do with a serious makeover, everything is shabby and the corridors smelled. I noted on the last day a plaque in reception stating that this hotel is not a Raddison but affiliated to the Raddison group, I have stayed in Raddissons around the world and found them to be smart, clean and very scandinavian in their approach and decor. This one was, one up from a local motel. Not what I expected, value for money? Not really its the location you pay for!	
Nov 5 2005	Pleasant stay with no problems	My husband and I and his parents stayed in two rooms at the Radisson for 3 nights from 20.10.2005. We had no complaints about our rooms. They were clean and spacious. They has a connecting door but no problems with noise travelling from next door (unlike one of the other hotels we stayed at during our trip). All in all we found this hotel clean, reasonably priced for the area and staff were pleasant. Yes you have to pay $30 per night for parking and if we had not been travelling after San Francisco then we would not have bothered with a car as you really do not need one in San Francisco. We walked everywhere or took cable cars. With regard to previous complaint re smoking rooms - in our party of 4 we had 3 smokers and we booked non-smoking rooms - we had no problem going to the roof top parking or front door if we wanted a smoke (we really weren't in rooms long enough for it to be a problem and as SF is non-smoking anyway you have to do this when you are out for meals or drinks all the time). We saw smoking rooms but cannot say there was any noticeable odour around these rooms. Our only complaint about this hotel was that there was no bar/restaurant on the premises and therefore had to go out for a drink when we first arrived. We all would stay in this hotel again.	
Oct 23 2005	Happy with the Radisson	Stayed at the Radisson in October and were very happy with the hotel and, especially, the location. Surprised at some of the other reports regarding the rooms. Maybe we were just lucky but our room was clean, comfortable and of a good standard. Loved being able to step out of the back of the hotel straight on to Fisherman's Wharf. Found all the staff helpful, no problems on that front. Only fly in the ointment was our trip back to the Airport. Radisson use &quot;Airport Express&quot; transfers and our journey was a disaster. The van was highly overloaded and, in our opinion, dangerously so, with luggage in with the passengers as well as stacked to the roof in the back. The trip took well over an hour due to stopping at five hotels and the driver having to constantly juggle the luggage to fit it all in. We had used &quot;Lorries&quot; transfers for 3 trips previously and had no problems at all with them. Radisson - please note for future reference!	
Oct 23 2005	Very nice hotel in a great location.	We just returned from a four night stay at the Radisson-Fisherman's Wharf. Overall, we enjoyed the stay at this hotel. We had a room on the third floor with a balcony and king sized bed. We did have a nice view of the bay but also of the top level of their parking lot. Our room was very clean and nice, but the inefficient use of space made the room smaller than it really is. For example the front edge of the TV cabinet is about a foot from the edge of the bed. We had to use this &quot;walkway&quot; quite often to get from the bathroom side of the room to the balcony and desk side. There is decent space once you enter the room but you really can't put any luggage there because the bathroom door swings out and takes up that space. The room had a safe, coffee maker, iron and board, hair dryer, extra pillow and blanket. The room was cleaned very well every day by their housekeeping staff. The climate control unit worked very well and was quiet. We did like the bed and thought the number control settings worked well. The water pressure was very good and had no problems with the water temperature. At certain times of the day, the elevator was slow. Quite suprisingly, when using the two main elevators (adjacent to each other), we had to press their own respective buttons. So if you're in the lobby waiting for the elevator, you need to press the &quot;up&quot; button for each of the two elevators individually (same for when you are on an upper floor, you need to &quot;call&quot; for each of the two elevators to go down). I used their fitness center 3 out of the 4 morinings. It's not a full facility, but rather one long narrow room consisting of cardiovascular machines and a multi-station weight lifting machine. It served it's purpose well but if there's more than 3 people in there it definitely will feel crowded. Although we didn't really need the concierge for anything major, more often than not we couldn't find him/her. Convenience to the Wharf area is the hotel's strong point. There is an IHOP on the street level where we had breakfast on a couple of mornings. The deli/tequeria around the other corner is a good (and cheaper) alternative for breakfast. Overall, we did enjoy our stay - clean room, comfortable bed and bedding, nice bath accessories, great view of the bay. A few quirks kept this from being a totally excellent experience. We flew into SFO earlier in the week, rented a car from Hertz to drive out to Yosemite for a couple of days, returned the car at the Hertz about three blocks away from the hotel. You won't need a car in the city, besides the hotel charges approximately $30/day for parking.	
Oct 16 2005	Smelly dirty overpriced	The location of this motel is the only thing we found positive. My husband smokes and we could tell where the smoking rooms were immediately upon leaving the elevator. They do not neutralize or make any effort to fight the smell. The room was dirty, the air conditioner vent was clogged with dust, cobwebs and smoke residue. The smell was so strong, I walked 4 blocks to buy Fabreeze. The smoking rooms also were not given the sleep number mattresses that the motel brags they have in all rooms. Very disappointed in this overpriced motel. On site parking was expensive, especially when staying 4 nights, $30 a night. What a racket. they also do not respond to complaints, If you are staying in San Francisco-stay away from this motel. Or at the very least, don't admit to being a smoker.	
Oct 12 2005	Can't wait to go back!!!!	We stayed at the Radisson for two nights in September. What a wonderful stay. The rooms were clean and comfortable. They weren't really big, but who cares. We were out sight-seeing, shopping and having fun. Why would you want to spend all your time in your room when you are in San Francisco? What was even better then the clean comfortable rooms, the great staff and the wonderful location was the view. I got to wake up each morning to a straight shot out to Alcatraz. I would stay at this hotel again because of several reasons, the most being the convient location to anywhere you would want to go in the city.	
Oct 11 2005	Really Dissapointed	We kicked off our honeymoon here, we wanted the location and a really nice hotel. The website looked great- Raddison have a good reputation- However I think this must be the worst hotel in their chain. The rooms are old, wallpaper falling off the walls, the cupboard doors broken and the general decor of the room was depressing. If I was to return I'd look at the holiday inn express about 100m down the road. Avoid this hotel.	
Oct 8 2005	Do a Renovation NOW	The desk staff save one member, their manager are stroppy and very terse with guests. The hotel is so old it doesn't deserve to have the Radisson name UNLESS they renovate the room -- SOON!! It is like a 1960's dive hotel you'd see on the Streets of San Francisco -- basic room, bed chair, no free internet. Avoid and stay at a slightly better property a bit more into towne.	
Oct 3 2005	Not crazy about this hotel	This is an old, somewhat dumpy hotel. The lobby is very plain, our room was very small and the hallways smelled kind of musty. And it really wasn't cheap. I checked several sources and could not find a great deal. I ended up paying about 170/night - I should have spent more $ to stay in Union Square. There was one super-nice staff member who gave us a night of free parking. The concierge was good, too.But honestly, the company could dig into their pockets and remodel this place a bit. I would not stay there again.By the way, if you go to North Beach, do NOT go to Trattoria Pinocchio (or Cafe Pinocchio, or whatever it was called). The food was terrible. I can't believe these places that tout their great chefs, but then they don't use fresh ingredients or season their food! Total waste of $.	
Sep 28 2005	Radisson Fisherman's Wharf - Great location Great Value	We just got back from a week in San Francisco and had a wonderful time despite the cool weather. The Radisson, Fisherman's Wharf is an excellent value. If you're looking for 'touristy' then this is perfect. It's located right in the middle of the Fisherman's Wharf area. If you want to go on a city tour the departure point is right across the street. If you want to go to Alcatraz you only have to walk about 200 yards. Pier 39, complete with sea lions, is about a 5 minute walk, there are two cable car turn arounds within a 5 minute walk and the F-line street cars go right by the door.The Radisson isn't fancy but the rooms are clean and the staff is exceptionally friendly. Try to get a bay view room on an upper floor if possible. The noise from the street at the front of the hotel is significant especially when a bus pulls up and idles while letting passengers on and off. We know, we had one, we asked to be moved and were.Lots of reviewers have raved about the beds. They are air beds which you can inflate or deflate to your personal comfort. They do take a little getting used to though. Your first night might not be great.There's no restaurant or dining room in the hotel but there is lots of food within a short walk. The concierge at the hotel is very friendly and knowledgeable when it comes to booking tours or any other need that you may have.As this isn't intended to be a travelogue on San Fran but a review of the Radisson all I would like to say about SF is that a tour of the city is a great way to start, the trip to Alcatraz is very worthwhile and if you're going to be in town for a few days and will be relying of public transit, buy a 3 day pass for the MUNI system. The pass covers everything - cable cars (which are $5 per ride if you pay the single fare), the F-line, buses and subway. It's worth the $18 for the three day pass.I'd like to thank all the other Tripadvisor[-] reviewers who posted their remarks which greatly helped me decide on the Radisson Fisherman's Wharf. I'll happily receive and respond to emails inquiring about specific topics.	
Sep 12 2005	Great location	We stayed at the Radisson for four nights at the beginning of september. The location is great, just across the road from the harbour, piers etc, and various food outlets. Only a short walk to the cable cars. The hotel staff on reception were helpful, the room adequate but nothing special. Our room had a balcony from where we had a view of the pool, harbour and Alcatraz. The location was excellent but the hotel average.	
Sep 8 2005	Great location nice hotel helpful staff	we staed at the Radisson for 4 nights at the end of august.Chose it because of Fishermans Wharf location and it was really great. You cannot beat the location, whenver we came back from downtown or tours we loved the area.Fishermans Whard, Pier 39 and ferryboats are just across the street.Staff was always very helpful. Rooms are Ok if you do not expect 5 star quality, hotel is more of Motel style.Make sure you get a room with a pool view, because they have a nice view towards Bay and alcatraz. There are also rooms with street view (must be loud) and rooms with a view to the innercourt with parking lot (there you hear cars moving all day).We had a great room with Bay view.The pool in the innercourt is heated and nice. Cafes and reataurant just around the corner.	
Aug 27 2005	Perfect location and great service	We just returned from a 6 night stay at the Radisson Fisherman's Wharf.Location was the selling point of this hotel. The back entrance led us right into all the activities of the piers. The front entrance and we were steps away from IHOP and right on Beach street. Exit by the pool and we were in Johnny Rockets or Ben and Jerrys Ice cream shop. Stairs at the side entrance(next to our room) led to a 7Eleven for morning coffee and newspaper. Just a perfect location for getting to the piers, the Cannery, Giradelli square.We walked alot (to burn calories from all the food!)easy walk to China town, lil Italy,Fort Mason park and Lombard Street from the hotel. Service was exceptional at the hotel. Had requested a refridg. in the room when I booked the trip. At checkin I asked if we had one, they had not put one in the room. By the time we got checked in and to the room with our luggage someone was there with refridg.ALL hotel employees were friendly and helpful. One night we had a problem with the shower. Called the front desk and under 5 minutes they were there and fixed the shower. Had room service, but we never used it. Maid service was excellent. Only negative I can think of was the carpet in the room seemed a little worn and stained. Besides that the room was clean and adequate size.Only time we were in the room was to shower or sleep so a worn carpet really made no difference. I'd say the main plus was the location. Would absolutely stay there again!	
Aug 24 2005	Can't Beat This Hotel in SF	Just returned from a 3 night stay at this hotel. Originally booked at another location, but got a last minute deal on this hotel on the Radisson website. Excellent choice. Location directly across from Alcatraz ticket booth and Pier 39 is unrivaled! Rooms were great - clean, roomy, comfortable . . . and most have a bayview. Parking was also great. Staff at this hotel were exceptional. They were able to meet all of our requests and were very helpful. Highly recommend this Radisson. Have fun!!!	
Aug 23 2005	Fabulous hotel... wonderful location!	My fiance and I just returned from a wonderful weekend getaway in San Francisco. The hotel staff members at the Radisson were very friendly and helpful. The rooms were very clean, and the decor was cute and modern. The bed was the most comfortable bed that I have ever slept in... it was a Sleep Number bed. The location of the hotel could not have been any more perfect... the wharf is 1/2 a block from the hotel, &quot;Little Italy&quot; is a few blocks away, Ghiradelli Square is a short walk, and the cable car stations are close as well. Be sure to bring warm clothes though... average temp. year-round is around 63 degrees.	
Aug 23 2005	A nice hotel in an excellent location	This hotel was in an ideal location if you want to visit Fisherman's Wharf in San Francisco. This area is ideal for all ages and has plenty of activities to fill your trip.The hotel is rather basic. The rooms are quite small (we were in a quad) and decor rather plain. However the hotel was clean and had facilities such as a swimming pool. Staff are pleasant and willing to offer assistance.We arrived at the hotel at 4pm-check in time. There were long queues from new guests and many of the rooms still were not ready. We did get a room within half an hour though.It is located right on the front, s is perfect for visiting Pier 39, Alcatraz and the chocolate factory. Two of the tram lines are nearby, so it is very easy to visit Union Square and the Grey Line terminal is across the road, so if you want to take a trip out of the city then you don't need to go far to catch a bus!This is a good hotel if you are on a budget and want to see SF. Do not expect any luxuries- but the location helps you get over that.	
Aug 21 2005	Stay was most pleasant	Just returned from SFO and staying at the Radisson- our room was a good size however the double beds were quite uncomfortable. When checking out the agent said we should have tried a king room as they have the new, adjustable ones.Location is great- close to shopping and attractions. We couldn't get confirmed tickets for Alcatraz so stood by for the 0930 departure and got on!! Overall- hotel was excellent and good value for what you pay.	
Aug 17 2005	Good Hotel Excellent Wharf area location	Stayed in the hotel for 3 nights, the rooms with king size bed were nice, although a little small and with limited closet space. Everything was clean and of reasonable quality, and the sleep number beds were interesting. Our first night we had adjoining rooms with two double beds and a balcony, these rooms were not as nice as the king size rooms the next two nights, they seemed a little older and of lesser quality. For tourists interested in the Fisherman's Wharf area, the location is great, plus it’s really not that hard to get around the city. We took a cable car (the line was silly long) to Chinatown and walked back, drove to Golden Gate Bridge and Golden Gate Park, and drove to a couple other locations in town (though parking was a little difficult in a few places). With so many restaurants within short walking distance, I’m not sure why people cared that the hotel has no restaurant. Our kids enjoyed the pool, go in with them or you'll freeze watching them, only complaint about the pool was that it closed at 9:00 PM. We had limited luck with their concierge, they were ok at telling you the basics, but weren't the best at getting restaurant reservations and they weren't there after 7:00 PM. All in all, the hotel was good, it’s not luxurious but the overall condition was good and of above average quality.	
Aug 4 2005	Pleasantly suprised	I used this sight before booking and once I saw some of the hotels in person that get higher ratings I was amazed. I was SO glad I booked at the Radisson and not somewhere else. The hotel is in a great location. We could see Alcatraz and the bay from our balconey. Everything was either closeby or a short walk. There is even a grocery store 2 blocks away. We stayed in SF for 4 days before heading over to Monterey and rented a car for the trip there. The car rental place was 3 blocks away which was great since you really don't need a car in SF. It was nice to be able to pick it up so close to the hotel and then return it to the airport. The hotel was very clean and quiet. We had a wonderful time and I would definately stay in this hotel again. I highly recommend it!	
Aug 4 2005	Can't beat the location	Stayed here two nights and found the hotel very good. The biggest plus point is the location, but it had everything we needed for a great stay. The room was very comfortable with a fridge, huge bathroom - no complaints. The pool is quite small but adequate with a seating area outside on the terrace. It's a shame there's no restaurant inside the hotel but there is a coffee cart in the lobby which was open from 6.00am to 12 noon selling drinks, muffins, pastries and some fantastic donuts which the kids loved. There are lots of restaurants near the hotel, so the lack of restaurant isn't really a problem. The best aspect of the hotel is the location - yes, there are a few homeless people in Fishermans Wharf but there is also great street theatre, a lively atmosphere and all the amenities are close by, including the ferries to Alcatraz and the cable car stops.	
Jul 31 2005	Great location Great stay	I have traveled to SF before, always on business. So I have a preference for classy boutique hotels when I do business travel. But this trip was with my family, so I was a bit more budget conscious, but I still wanted some place cool.Boy did we luck out at the Radisson. We read dozens of reviews of various hotels in the city. My wife spotted the Radisson. I was very wary of staying near the Wharf. But the reviews sounded good. So we booked.On arrival we were not disappointed. Lobby was very small. But clean. Small coffee/danish bar (not free). Staff friendly. We checked in to a room on the top floor. Outside our window was a perfect view of the bay and Alcatraz! Room was small (never stayed in a big on in SF!) and clean. Hotel has wireless internet if you have to do business. The location could not be better, if you want to do touristy SF stuff. As someone has noted, IHOP was on same block, as was Johnny Rockets and a McDonalds, not to mention a hundred other places a few blocks away.Right in the middle of all the shops, stores. Ghiradelli Square four blocks away. Just look at where it is on a map and you'll see. I don't think I ever did so much with so little walking in our lives. When kids got cranky we could easily go back to the hotel to get recharged then hit the city again.I felt bad for families that stayed over the hill in the center of the city. They had to endure long lines for the cable cars and a long haul back and forth from the Wharf.Pier 39 was two blocks away. But if you want to do Alcatraz, get your tickets a few days before you want to go cause they were sold out each day we were there. Three car rental places within three blocks. Weather was actually cool (in July!). So we didn't think we'd use the pool. But the kids insisted and we're glad we did. It was heated. Like bath water. I wholeheartedly recommend the Radisson on the Wharf. I thank all the previous posters for helping steer us correctly.	
Jun 5 2005	Enjoyed the stay	My family and i stayed at this hotel in May of 2005 for 3 nights. Upon arrival we had been allocated a room with no view and asked about availability of change. The staff were more than happy to accomodate us. We were unable to have a front view but were given a room to the side but still with a good view of Fishermans Wharf. We found the staff - from the front desk to the cleaning staff all to be extremely friendly and helpful. IHOP was a great cafe for breakfast and you are lost for choice for eating places at Pier 39 etc. We were not bothered about the fact that the hotel did not have a restaurant as there are plenty of places to eat within easy walking distance. The location was fantastic and the room was very comfortable. We would definately stay there again.	
Jun 5 2005	Radisson Fisherman's Wharf... Lucky Find	We just returned from San Fancisco Radisson Hotel Fisherman's Wharf and were very pleased with the hotel and the location. The room had an excellent direct view of the bay and Alcatraz. We were in the smoking section which is on the forth floor directly facing the water ( no extra charge) and we could open the window for fresh air. The room was large and was nicely decorated (not old and shabby) The lobby is marble tiled and somewhat classy and the hotel staff was wonderful. We asked for a mini fridge and they brought it up in 3 minutes, you can also get a microwave if you need it. The pool is heated and surrounded by palm trees. There is a 7-11, a Safeway and a Trader Joes arround the corner for buying wine, beer and snacks.  The location is just can't be beat. Short walking distance (no steep hills) to 2 cable cars locations, Ghiraldi Square, The Cannery, Pier 39, Blue &amp; Gold fleet to Sausilito &amp; Alcatraz,The Embarcadero, North Beach and China Town. The F trolly car passes in front of the hotel and you can hop on for $1.50 and take anywhere. Great seafood surrounds you and all with in walking distance, in particular Scoma's and The Crab House. Also within walking distance is The Buena Vista (c. 1890's) by the Hyde St Cable car turn arround which offers wonderful food, breakfast all day &amp; nite, Bay &amp; Golden Gate Bridge views and is famous for Irish Coffee. You can rent a car at Dollar rent a car with is directly across the street at the Sheraton, weekdays when booked online is $20.99 with unlimited miles and take day trips north over the Golden Gate Bridge to Muir Woods, Nappa and Samoma Valleys. Or take a picturesque costal drive south on Route 1 to Santa Cruz, Montaray &amp; Carmel by the Sea. Drop the car off after hours to avoid overnight parking fees and just walk across the street to the Radisson.  We would not hesitate to reccomend this hotel and would return to the Radisson in a heart beat.	
Jun 1 2005	great location and sleep number bed	Spent memorial day weekend (May 26-31) at the Radisson without complaint. However, I will point out a few several pro's and con's of the experience. The location was excellent. It is the ONLY hotel (noteworthy) on embarcadero st. facing the waterfront. The sleep number bed was perrfect. Average size rooms. Basically nothing bad to say. We were pleased. The next time, we will try an elegant hotel, perhaps the one across the street. Otherwise, the price and location were fine.	
May 29 2005	Prime Real Estate ...	We planned a trip to Alaska, cruising out of San Francisco on May 16th.We wanted to attach a 3 day stay before the cruise. We chose Priceline, and what luck in getting the Radisson. The location was perfect. We used public transportation, walked many, many miles, bike the bridge and took a taxis to the ship ... all with the assistance of a well informed hotel staff at the Radisson, even during very busy moments in the small lobby area.Food of all prices and variety was available everywhere and with the convenient hotel entrance next to Pier 39, we could return quickly to the hotel room for a sweater, camera batteries, or the typical needs of a traveler enjoying fabulous seafood.We have used Priceline many times and always got excellent results, some hotels add a 'fee', not the Radisson ... we expected to be in a room somewhere near a storage closet. We were not surprised when our window opened to the second floor parking lot but beyond the parking facility was a spectacular view of Alcatraz ... we were happy.We had to wait for the cruise ship to get our beds turned down and get chocolates on our pillows but the Radisson offered SleepNumber beds ... first time we have had this luxury in a hotel!Why did we give this hotel an excellent rating? Dollar value, of course, but bottom line is: When we return to San Francisco, we will book directly to the Radisson, resisting the temptation to save a few dollars with Priceline and giving up the priceless value of location.	
May 16 2005	Great location just perfect for a sightseeing holiday.	Don’t listen to any of the bad reviews here, this hotel was perfect for a sightseeing holiday which is one of the main reasons why you would go to San Francisco. The rooms are basic but they have all the necessities you would need when staying somewhere. If you get a good room with a balcony you have a view over the bay which is a bonus.The location is perfect and is a walk away from most attractions, like Pier 39, which has many shops and restaurants, designed to meet many peoples needs. The must visit restaurant is Bubba Gump (based on the film Forest Gump for those of you who don’t know). The food is great in there, as well as the service as they have some system where you show them a sign on your table when you want attention, plus it has great views of San Francisco bay while you eat. Plus Pier 39 is home to the famous sea lions, but be warned they really do smell.Even though the hotel doesn’t have any where to eat there is an IHOP right next door so if you like the American style pancakes this is the place for you, visited most mornings for breakfast as the prices where very reasonable plus it filled you up right until lunchtime so you can concentrate on your sightseeing. The hotel is also a short distance away from the main cable car stop which will take you China Town and Union Square (a must for any shopperholics, nearly spent a whole day here after visiting China Town and afterwards had an excellent meal in the Cheesecake Factory on the top floor of Macy’s even though it took over 45 minutes to get a table it was well worth the wait).The staff at the hotel are friendly and are willing to help you with any questions you should have. The rooms are cleaned everyday and are to a good standard even though the décor is a bit old. When there you should take the lift up Coit Tower to have an overview of the city and the walk up to the tower also has good view of the crooked part of Lombard Street. For tours to Alcatraz it is best to book the trip before you arrive as you may be disappointed as it gets booked up very quickly and the queues to buy tickets are very long. I booked the trip with a company called Travel San Francisco (www.travelsf.com) who combines the tour with either a tour of the city, a trip to Muir Woods and Sausilito or on its own. They were very helpful and quick with replying to my queries.All in all we had a fantastic time in San Francisco and would use this hotel again.	
Apr 28 2005	Staff is excellent nice spacious rooms	I have stayed alot of places in my 50 plus years but I have never had a staff treat me as well as they did. From making dinner reservations to running a map on Yahoo for me without asking they are by far the best staff I have ever encountered. I would reccomend that all Hotels and Motels study this staff and copy their every move if you what to be successful in this world of mediocraty. The rooms are spacious with a large bathroom, great location, within walking distance of most of the major attractions and you can get free parking if you are 50 or over which saves you about $30 a night. Thanks again and I will never stay any other place again when I travel to San Francisco.	
Apr 24 2005	Beware buses	Stayed three nights. Hotel standard and fairly impersonal - handy parking although at a cost - you could park along Beach Street for less if you could put up with the inconvenience. No catering in the hotel but great places for breakfast very near and good dinner locations nearby. Be careful where your room is. Ours was on Beach Street and one morning at five a.m. three buses arrived outside our window. American buses seem unable to turn off their engines and remained there - engines running - for almost an hour, and the receptionist couldn't see what the problem was. In conclusion, check it out for it's convenience and location, but be sure to get a room away from the street, even to the extent of declining the accommodation if none is available	
Apr 10 2005	top notch no complaints	i could not praise this place enough. i dunno how anyone could give this place anything but top marks. except maybe donald trump or elton john! the location is fantastic couldnt be better, the staff where great, the rooms nice with everything you could need including a huge comfy bed, i would say this isnt a luxury hotel but certainly a higher grade tourist type of place. there is even a nice small pool on site, loads of great places for food and drink near by. i wouldnt dream of staying anywhere else in san francisico and because of this hotel i will use other radissons on my next usa trip. 10 out of 10 here!	
Apr 8 2005	Great Stay	Radisson has an excellent location - right on the Wharf. Rooms were very clean and comfortable. There was a hairdryer, 2 telephones and a coffee maker. There was an ice machine near our room to fill the ice bucket. Bathroom was well stocked and clean. Rooms were overall very good and we were pleased with the hotel and its superb location.	
Mar 30 2005	Nice Hotel......Closest to Pier 39	My family of 4 just returned from a 3 day stay at the Radisson on Fisherman's Wharf. The hotel was fine, great location for tourists such as ourselves who wanted easy access to the Wharf. The room was clean but the beds were a bit small as they are only doubles. No big deal. We enjoyed our stay and would do so again. Excellent hotel for easy access to the Wharf and Pier 39.	
Mar 30 2005	The Radisson on the Wharf	We stayed at the Radisson on the wharf on March and it was terrible. The beds were very uncomfortable and there was absolutely no view. We had to ask to be moved to a different room as soon as we got there. It was suppose to be non-smoking and it smelled awful. The staff was very good however. I would never stay there again.	
Mar 29 2005	Great position - good value	Stayed at the Radission Fisherman's Wharf for 7 nights in March 2005 (booked via British Airways holidays). Were given a 4th floor (top) room with balcony and a great view over the Bay and Alcatraz. Room and facilities were great for the special offer price we paid but the published web price would have been way too much. No food available in the hotel but plenty nearby.Made good use of the 7day Muni pass and found buses, trams and cable cars efficient and easy to get anywhere in the city. F-line streetcar was particularly useful and fun. Easy access to ferries across the road. Used adjoining Johnny Rockets diner for breakfast several times - brilliant 60s diner and background music. Also used IHOP once but disappointing.We would certainly stay at the Radisson again.	
Mar 9 2005	Great Holiday - would stay again	We stayed here 14-16 November 2004. On checking in we were given a room which we suspected was next to an air conditioning unit and there was a horrid humming noise. We rang the main reception and within 5 minutes had a new room. This new room was compact, but clean and tidy with a nice bathroom. We even had a sea view. The location was really good - right on the front at Fisherman's Wharf and no more than a 5 minutes walk to Pier 39 and the boats to Alcatraz. Near lots of restaurants and shops and the cable car stops and also the main picks up for tours.No real restaurant in the hotel but IHoP which is part of the block containing the hotel offered good range of food (not just pancakes) and good value.	
Feb 25 2005	No Problems	My family and I stayed here Feb 2005 for 7 days.Excellent location ,everything is walking distance. ( Food and Beer )All staff were very helpful , porter borrowed me his mobile charger for the duration ,as mine didnt work ( stupid 110v ).All bus stops right outside front or rear doorsOK the rooms are small ish for 4 .As we only use our rooms for sleeping, and washing there wasnt a problem. I suggest to all going to san francisco, go to this hotel ,and GET OUT and see the city. To anyone going there just to stay in the room 24/7 and moan, go somewhere else or stay at home !!!!!!!!!!The only problems I had were the dossers around the area,on almost every street corner . Perhaps the police can remove these as it does bring the area down.ILL BE BACK !!!!!!!!!!!!	
Feb 24 2005	It's okay	I stayed at the Radisson on the Wharf for 3 nights. Like all the previous reviews said, the location is great. It is right there on the Wharf (being the only true &quot;oceanfront&quot; hotel) and it is less than a minute's walk from Pier 41--where you catch the blue and gold fleets to Alcatraz. Public transportation is also only a minute away from the hotel and the surrounding area is nice and safe. I had a clean room with 2 standard beds, a fridge and coffee maker. Compared to other hotels I've been in, the room was a little small, but it was fine. However, the walls are paper thin and I stayed on the second floor in a room facing the intersection of Powell and Beach so I could hear the cars and busses go by. (this was no fun since I was already adjusting to the East-West Coast time change). But other than that, it was okay. If you are looking to really soak up the city and set up base from the Wharf, I really recommend this place. I booked through a major hotel consolidator for $70 a night, and so for the price and location combined, I would stay here again.	
Feb 6 2005	pleasantly surprised...	After reading the mixed reviews, I was worried about my stay...Upon my arrival, I was plesantly surprised. The fornt desk clerks wew helpful and my room had a balcony with a clear view of Alcatraz. While the hotel is not brand new, it is exceptionally clean. There is no restaurant or bar, but the hotel is right in the center of everything. Overall, the stay was great...	
Feb 4 2005	Great Location	Perfect location for our visit. We came to see attractions in the pier area including cable cars and visit Yosemite National Park. Tour operators out the back of the hotel. Hotel was very clean, staff were great, room spacious and hassle free. Close to variety of eating places.	
Feb 3 2005	GREAT LOCATION	Yes location couldn´t be better!!! Directly at pier 39! Rooms are ok compared to the price. The staff is friendly!Good choice!! If i come back i will stay there again!	
Jan 4 2005	Great location disappointing hotel	I was not thrilled with the rooms or grounds of this hotel. The hallways were dirty, smelly and dark. Our room looked as though it had been quickly remodeled and the view was dismal. The staff, upon arrival, seemed overworked and disinterested but when we left was peppy. We stayed in four hotels (including 2 other Radisson's and one Crowne Plaza) and this was by far the worst of the bunch! I wouldn't stay there again.	
Oct 27 2004	Not bad	Stayed at the Radisson when it was a Travelodge Hotel a few years back, it was ok then, staff were great. Since Radisson had it the rooms were refurbished nicely and they had these Radisson Fisherman's Wharf mugs in the rooms (yes one did fall into to suitcase when I left).The hotel is right on the front of Fisherman's Wharf, opposite Pier 39. Busy area, but not bad, there is no major disturbance. The Pool is not very good, in fact, I didn't want to get into it, it just looked naff. There wasn't a Restaurant at the hotel when I was there, this may have changed.Anyway to sum up. It's a decent hotel, I'd say it could be over priced due to the 'Radisson' branding compared with the Holiday Inn Express Hotel down the road where you can get a better rate and breakfast included. It's ok and I would stay at the hotel again, but the HI Express has got the edge these days... Some rooms however have great views out to the Bay and Alcatraz.	
Oct 22 2004	Embarrassed on our wedding night!!!	My Grandmother had bought my new husband and I a night at the Radisson in San Francisco for our wedding night as a wedding present. Since she lives in New Mexico with my parents she had to secure the room with her credit card over the internet and telephone, and they sent her numerous forms via regular mail for her to fill out to verify her identity, etc, so she could pay with the credit card without them actually having the card in their possession, as is their policy. So everything was supposedly ok and they told her that the room was paid for with her credit card. When we went to check out the next morning, they informed us we had a balance of $192! I said that the room was already paid for, it was a wedding gift from my grandmother and had been paid for months ago. They told us that they do not accept payment without having a credit card in their possession (even though my mom and granmother had done everything the hotel management told them to do to get around that policy, and it had all been approved!) They flat out refused to even call my mom and grandmother to try to get things straightened out! It was a very embarrassing situation, being in the lobby of the hotel on the day after our wedding, having to pay for our wedding present and having everyone in the lobby listening to the conversation as well. I don't think the staff handled the situation professionally at all. The lady at the front desk made us feel like we were some lowlife scum trying to skip out on the bill. Thank goodness we had the money to pay for it or I don't know what we would have done!!	
Oct 19 2004	The Radisson Was Just Great!	The Radisson Hotel Fisherman's Wharf was great. I read all the negative reviews and was expecting to find this place somewhat below standard. We had previously stayed at the Sheraton (across the street from the Radisson) and the Hyatt and wanted to try something a little less expensive. What we found was a little older very clean hotel. The desk staff were very helpful and polite. The cleaning staff was outstanding. Our room was ready when we got to the hotel (4 hours before the normal check-in time of 3 PM). This was also Fleet Week which sees a big increase in bookings.The only things that were negative were the in-room safe didn't work and the buttons on the phone that allowed you to make a wake-up call didn't work. The safe wasn't a problem because we don't travel with valuables and we had to go to the front desk to ask for a wake up call. The lobby is nicely appointed. The rooms aren't large but they are clean and comfortable. The bathroom was a nice size with a good size counter top.There is an IHOP located on the property plus a Johnny Rockets at the end of the pool area.There is a private entrance to the Fisherman's Wharf area that is really a nice addition. You use your room key to open the locked security door.There is a Safeway super market two blocks south (across the street from the Sheraton. This place is really expensive but you can save a few bucks if you get one of their Safeway Club cards. You get the card from the cashier after you fill out a short form.There is also a Burger King near the Safeway that didn't accept American Express Travelers Checks (we found that strange). A taxi ride from the airport is expensive - it cost between $40 and $50 one way. The high end is due to the cab drivers taking the longer route to Fisherman's Wharf. We understand the city is trying to stop this practice.What it boils down to is this - the Radisson is all about location. If you love the area as we do you can't find a better location. We stayed a week and had a wonderful time. We would stay here again.	
Sep 13 2004	$30 parking fees	Although Radisson hotel at fisherman's wharf has an excellent location, the rooms are small with a huge TV armoire with uncomfortable doors. Also, I was not expecting a $30 parking fee per day. At least they should have included it in the orbitz price. It meant an increase of 25% !.	
Sep 5 2004	Decent hotel Fantastic location	This hotel is in a great location - right in the heart of Fisherman's Wharf and overlooking Pier 41. . We stayed here for three nights in September 2004. I had read the reviews and was a little concerned that the hotel would be below standard. It wasnt. Rooms were of a decent size - with 2 double beds, armchair, TV, bathroom, fridge and safe. Check in was efficient.Dont expect any views of the Wharf unless you pay for them. We got a web rate on the hotel which was $109 per room per night which was excellent value for the location. They do charge $28 per night for car parking but this is the going rate for 24hr parking in the area. Its a good place for families as it is so close to everything at Pier 39, in the wharf and the Alcatraz ferry. The cable car stop is a few blocks away and there is also a Johnny Rockets and IHOP on site for breakfasts...(which pleased our 15 and 11 year olds!)The pool was heated some of the time but not all. Its fine for a dip but the pool area doesnt get a great deal of sun so it can be quite cold. If you have a car, we strongly recommend doing the 49-mile drive around San Francisco. Its a great way to see all the main sights and is well signposted by blue and white seagull signs around the city.	
Aug 31 2004	Very Noisy Room but great location	Spent 3 nights at Radisson. We really loved the location of the hotel right by the Wharf, however the hotel room was very small and our room was located on the street side (right hand corner of hotel) which was very noisy. During the night, many trucks would pass by and wake us up. The room was very small especially for a family of 4, but it was clean. We loved the location, yes it is touristy, but it was a fun location to be in. The hotel doesn't have a restaurant, but there is a small coffee cart in the lobby and an IHOP right down the block, plus with Pier 39 across the street many breakfast spots available. Next time I would stay at the Argonaut Hotel, which is down a few blocks from the Rad and got great reviews.	
Aug 23 2004	horrible hotel	Stayed here three nights in Aug. 04. Location is the only positive thing I found here. Hotel rooms while clean are very small, doubles only no queen beds, beds were small and uncomfortable, we had to order a rollaway which they charged $15. per night for and had to squeeze it in between the two doubles. Front desk personal are of very little help with information as all the ones we talked with were from a foreign country with little knowledge of s.f. When we inquired about the cable car the girl informed us that though she had lived in the city for 10 years she had NEVER ridden on it, maybe management can spring one day for a trip for the employees on one of the best known sightseeing rides in the world so that they can answer questions. What of the concierge you may ask, well when there was one availabe their knowledge was'nt that much better than the desk personal. She sold us a day long city tour and told us to eat a good breakfast (which you have to go out of the hotel for, as they have no restaurant) because the trip was all day and we would not have any stops to eat at, turns out there are two stops in the morning and a lunch break of at least 1 &amp;1/2 hrs in between and another stop on the afternoon trip.Security at the hotel is very laxs and my wife and daughter were followed to the elevator by four street kids who jumped off the elevator when my son and I got on before they could. The wharf section of the city is very touristy, good place to buy souveneirs and really smells bad. Parking is $15 per day and is very limited, after returning one night we had to circle around for 1/2 hr before finally squeezing our suv into a compact spot. Much better choices for the money in frisco try the nob hill area or Saulaslito only 20 min. drive. and much nicer.	
Aug 16 2004	Great location!	Spent one night here, before going to the Napa Valley. We had a room on the 3rd floor directly facing the water. Great view of Alcatraz and Pier 39. Really great view. We opened the sliding door to the patio because the weather was so nice and the music from the pier could be heard. The staff was great, especially the concierge. My only complaint would be the tiny cramped bathroom. The view and location more than made up for the bathroom!	
Aug 10 2004	Okay Room/Great Location	We stayed at this Raddison last week. The room was very small. (My daughter said she felt like she was on a cruise ship.) However, when we got to the hotel we were upgraded to a room with a view of Alcatraz even though we had only paid for a room with no view. Also, you can not beat the location of this hotel. You go out the back door and are right there at pier 39. The front desk clerks could have been friendlier but they weren't rude. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 4 2004	Very Disappointed with this hotel!	This Raddison does not measure up even to Motel 6 standards! Upon checking in, our room was not ready and we waited several hours to get our keys. Our room was fairly clean, but had many stains on the carpet and many burn holes in the blankets on the beds, although this was supposed to be a non-smoking room. Each day, between 7-8 in the morning, I went to the front desk manager and asked that our room be cleaned while we were out sightseeing. 3 out of the 4 days we were there, the room was still dirty at 5:00 PM! When they did clean it, they would only leave 2 washcloths and towels even though we have a family of 4. I left a note to the maid along with a nice tip. The maid would take the tip and not leave the extra towels/washcloths. The staff acted as if they could care less about their service. We also asked the concierge about directions, and she told us to take the wrong streets many times. The only thing going for this hotel is the location. I would not recommend this hotel. We spent more time complaining about our room and the service than it was worth! Would definitely stay across the street at the Sheraton or up the street at the Best Western Tuscan Inn. The Tuscan Inn was rated the same in our package brochure through Southwest, yet when we checked it out, was twice the hotel that the Raddison is! Don't make our mistake!!!!	
Jul 28 2004	AWESOME Location	Stayed here with my boyfriend from out-of-state over the 4th of July weekend. They gave us a third floor corner room overlooking the wharf and we were able to watch the fireworks from our balcony. The room was clean, bed was comfy, and the staff quite friendly. IHOP is just next door, as are countless other dining opportunities on the wharf. Waking to the sounds of seagulls and the boats coming in was a plus. Despite the hotel itself being a bit old and dated, we had a great time, thought the location was fantastic and we would stay there again.	
Jun 29 2004	Great Location	Great Location. Central to all main San Francisco sites. Loved the access from the courtyard of the hotel direct to the Wharf. Found hotel staff to be knowledgeable and friendly. Rooms are a bit on the small side, our party consisted of 2 adults and 2 children. But for the location and proximity for a reasonable price it was worth the close quarters. When ready to leave the city, the hotel is near several major car rental agencies.	
Jun 20 2004	Good Hotel with a Great Location in Tight Quarters	Location, location, location! The Radisson Hotel Fisherman’s Wharf is located right on the Waterfront, next to the Pier 39 Entertainment Complex. The Radisson is in a fully renovated 5-story 1950’s building. Hotel décor is best described as modern contemporary, and the property was fully renovated in 2000. There is an on-site Parking Garage ($25/day) with tight spaces.The front entrance to the Radisson is off Beach Street (directly across from the Sheraton). You walk into the small lobby decorated in earth tones and a nice granite tile floor. The front desk is on the side wall and there are large glass doors leading to the pool courtyard. The staff was professional, but lacking warmth. Check-in was easy and uneventful and we were off to our room. We went to the elevator lobby and up to the 5th floor.The corridors in the hotel are tight. Halls are well lit and decorated nicely, but there is barely enough room for opposing traffic to get by. Our room was a south facing room (city view). The room was a little smaller than average, but was quite attractive. All furnishings were in good condition and the drapes opened up to a delightful city view. Our room looked out across the Sheraton Hotel and up the hillsides of the city and Coit Tower. Trolleys passed below continuously on Beach Street (which my son thoroughly enjoyed), but this caused no disturbance to us. There were two full size beds in our Double Room configuration. Bedding was clean and comfortable, very characteristic for a 3-star property. Bathrooms were very clean, but on the small side. Rooms include coffeemakers, in-room safes, Two line phones with voicemail, dataports, alarm clock radios, ironing boards, hairdryers, PPV movies and video games.The hotel has no dining in the facility. This is odd for a Radisson, but with all the dining options nearby at Pier 39, this is not a problem. In fact, I don’t think I would have eaten there anyway. The Concierge in the Lobby was very helpful in suggesting restaurants. Unfortunately, no restaurant means no room service. But San Francisco is famous for it’s take out and delivery, so take advantage of that.There is an outdoor heated pool in the central courtyard. It was very pleasant, and there is also a fitness center available for your use.In closing, the Radisson Hotel Fisherman’s Wharf is a nice place, with a primo location. It is the only hotel on the waterfront in the Fisherman’s Wharf area. The Sheraton is only one block farther, but all the others are a good walk away. For the money, the Radisson shines. But don’t be confused, it is only a 3-star hotel. If you need more in a hotel, I would recommend the Sheraton or the Hyatt.	
Jun 8 2004	Great Location	This hotel is right on the wharf, well the nearest. So its just a case of walking round the corner where you can take a trip to Alcatraz, a bay cruise or take in the not so wonderful stench of the sea lions! I booked the hotel on the internet and filled in the form to request a smoking room, not realising that California are totally against this bad habit, I consequently did not get a smoking room as the hotel has only 8 such rooms and they were already booked, so dont expect too much, all hotels which state they have both types of rooms probably dont have too many, as smoking is not encouraged in this part of the world not even in bars. The hotel is very clean and has large rooms but does not have a breakfast room, there is a cart selling coffee and pastries etc but its not cheap. A IHOP is located next door which always seemed popular, a whole airline crew came in there the morning I was there, complete with their luggage. Its pancakes with everything so if you dont like them you can go to Johney Rockets for a real American diner experience, you would believe you were back in the 50's, this is located out the door from reception past the very small pool and then you walk in the diner through its back door, when you leave, through the front door you are on the wharf! Round the corner from the right of reception is a 24/7, here you can pour your own coffee-around 12-20 different varieties, always piping hot, very good and inexpensive, they have a selection of cakes and pastries but its take away, also I dont think you could ask for anything they didnt have here in this shop, wine, sweets, chocolate, toiletries. We walked a few blocks to the Cannery and the trolleys leave for Union Square area a further block, the view from here of Golden Gate bridge is great. Travelled first weekend in May and never saw a cloud, photos are fab, blue skies for 4 days. Fishermans Wharf is the best location unless you want to spend yout time shopping for designer gear in Union Square.	
May 31 2004	Decent Hotel Great Location	As others have described, the hotel itself is nothing special with pretty much run of the mill rooms and amenities. The location is this hotel's major asset. It is right in the heart of Fisherman's Wharf and a great &quot;home base&quot; for visiting San Fran. This was our first trip to San Fran and we wanted to do all of the &quot;touristy&quot; things so this hotel was great for us. You're close to all of the Wharf's attractions (sea lions, boat tours, etc), plus you can easily jump a trolley or cable car within a couple blocks and get anywhere in the city. Definitely try to get a &quot;bay view&quot; if you can, otherwise you might just as well stay at one of the other off-the-water places depending on prices, as this hotel is nothing special without the view. The hotel is shaped like a big fork with three &quot;tines&quot; pointing toward the water, if you can get one of the end rooms (like we did) you will love the view. Our room was just off the water with a great view of the bay. We could even see the sea lions at Pier 39 from our window (room 4112). In summary, we had a great experience but I believe that we also kind of lucked out and got one of the best rooms available (top floor, right off the water). If you can get a good price and a bay view it's a good deal, otherwise you may want to look elsewhere. Also, I work for a large company and was able to get a great corporate rate with parking and breakfast included. We paid $107 per night. If you work for a large corporation you might check to see if you can get a better than advertised rate.	
May 28 2004	Not up to Radisson standards - like a Motel 6	My flight arrived at noon but even though rooms were available I couldn't check in till 3pm because of hotel &quot;policy.&quot; The staff were not up to par with the exception of the maids who did a good job of cleaning up. The heat lamp and vent in my bathroom did not work and I put in a work order which was totally ignored. For a day the elevator appeared to be out of order. There is no restaurant or bar in this facility. I have stayed at numerous Radisson Hotels and have been happy but this hotel does not deserve the Radisson name.Sorry Radisson but you need to junk this place or change its' name so you are not associated with it.	
Apr 30 2004	Good clean comfortable hotel would recommend.	Stayed here April '04. Hotel was very good with clean rooms and very friendly and helpfull staff. Great location for Fisherman's Warf. Views of Alcatraz and SF Bay from some rooms. Johnny ROckets (on site) god for burgers etc set in '50's style diner. Fisherman's Warf, touristy and everywhere closes around 10pm, if looking to eat or drink late was told to travel to North Beach area (only a few blocks away). Would recommend stay ing here as most of the city tours start and end on the warf.	
Apr 24 2004	Don't make out mistake!	This Radisson was a major disappointment. Upon checking in the room was not even ready for our arrival. The hotel has NO restaurant, bar or lounge area. Even though we were staying at this hotel we were charged $23 per day to park our car. A charge that was not disclosed until checking in. The front desk staff were less than helpful and customer service was lacking. Housecleaning staff were very thorough. For the price we were paying, it was disappointing to not have a refrigerator in our room. Other than the location the hotel was subpar for a Radisson. We recommend staying at the Sheraton across the street. Just as close to the Wharf but much better.	
Apr 20 2004	Comfort Great Location 	Our stay at The Raddison at Fisherman's Wharf from April 2nd through April 7th was very pleasant. This was our first trip to San Francisco and the Radisson was a perfect hotel for us.The Positive The Radisson's Location is 2 blocks from Pier 39. Muni transportation whether Trolley cars or The famous Cable Car lines are just steps away. Dining options all around you from Fine Italian or Seafood dining to Ihop and Dennys 2 block either direction.Room: clean and comfortable Service: Done with a smile no complaints from Front desk to concierge to Bellman and maid service were above average. Family friendly. Kids looked like they were enjoying their stay.Amenities: Small Pool, small fitness room though fitness room open 24hrs was nice in this small hotel.Drawbacks: None major,though we would of liked a bar lounge on site for a evening wind down. No restaurant on site but little coffee and doughnut wagon in lobby.I would easily go back to the Radisson. Price was a factor and this was a bargain. There are many many hotels within in a four block radius from Hyatt, to Sheraton, to Marriott,to Holiday Inn and even a Travelodge. I enjoyed the Radisson . See Sanfrancisco stay near Fisherman's Wharf you will enjoy. Most times you get what you pay for but we got a little more thanks Radisson!	
Apr 14 2004	Don't be afraid to stay here	Stayed at this hotel for one night in early April. Room was very clean, though not large, but was great for what we needed, which was somewhere to sleep before heading to Napa Valley. Loved the location! You could not get any closer to Fishermans Wharf. Within one block of Alcatraz Ferry, Sea Lions, Museums, and tons of shopping. When all you need is a clean room, this is the place. Staff was very nice and tried to be helpful, although they simply didn't seem to be able to answer many questions. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is not going to be spending tons of time in their room. And when in San Francisco, why would you?	
Feb 26 2004	Great location small rooms minimal food on site	We stayed at the Radisson Fish from 2/18-24/2004. Our reservation guaranteed an ocean (bay) view room, but when we checked in we were told that there were none available, and furthermore the reservation was a request only, not a guarantee. We pushed a little and spoke with the manager and she agreed and gave us a bay view room the next day. All turned out OK, but one should not have to be pushy to get what was paid for. The location in the wharf was great, close to everything. The IHOP next door had great breakfasts and great service. Watch out for the slippery bathtubs. They should include a mat or non-slip surface. The Sheraton across the street has a classier lobby with a shop and a restaurant. If returning we might try the Sheraton if the price is as good as the Radisson.	
Jan 25 2004	a great hotel in a central location	This hotel was in a great location if you want to visit the fisherman's wharf and pier 39 locations. There are plenty of restaurants to eat at nearby, but none in the hotel. To see the rest of the city the cable cars are about a ten minute walk from the hotel. We had no problems when we stayed here for 2 nights. They had plenty of parking so bringing a car was not an issue.	
Jan 5 2004	Stay at Radisson on fisherman's Wharf	Visited San Francisco for the Diamond Walnut Bowl on New Year's Eve and stayed at the Radisson on Fisherman's Wharf. All of the staff that I encountered were very nice, helpful and polite. We had a broken water glass that needed to be replaced and after calling the front desk, housekeeping arrived just moments later. This hotel is located in a very busy area and I expected it to be very noisy on New Year's Eve however I was pleasantly surprised at just how quiet the hotel was since our room was on the Fisherman's Wharf side of the building. We had no problem with the room, it was very clean and well maintained. Parking in the hotel lot is $23 a day. We had a very good experience and will stay there again.	
Oct 16 2003	Convenient Location	We chose this hotel because of its very convenient location, virtually across the street from Piers 39 &amp; 41 of Fisherman's Wharf. This is Tourist Central in S.F., whether you want to shop, see Alcatraz, cruise the bay, admire the sea lions,or take a bus tour--it's all there outside your door. You don't spend much time in the hotel. The lobby is small, with fee-based internet available, and a coffee cart (this Starbuck's lover found the coffee surprisingly good) and somewhat helpful concierge. Front desk staff seemed disinterested/on verge of being annoyed every time I dealt with them--maybe they are overworked. the 2 Elevators are independently programmed, therefore they are slow and inefficient. There is a small but servicable fitness center, and accessible through the pool courtyard is a diner style restaurant (which was blasting music way too loud for breakfast!). The pool courtyard is lovely, with a garden area; however, even though we were in S.F. during supposedly their warmest season (October), it was far too cold for outdoor swimming or, for that matter, sitting in the shady courtyard) We paid about $111 per night, plus $23 per day parking, for a room that was clean, spacious, and afforded us a nice view of Nob Hill and the south of the city. In short, the Radisson was all that we were looking for, and no more.	
Oct 11 2003	Great location.		
Aug 15 2003	Great Location		
Aug 6 2003	Comfortable and close to the action.		
Jun 26 2003	Life saver!		
May 17 2003	Convenient Location With A View!		
Apr 10 2003	Good Location Only		
Feb 17 2003	Small room great location		
Feb 3 2003	It was just fine		
Jan 7 2003	What a dump!		
Mar 11 2002	Friendly well-located hotel		
Oct 14 2009 	vista la categoria mi aspettavo di meglio		
Oct 10 2009 	USA Rundreise Coast to Coast		
Sep 16 2009 	Extraordinairement placé		
Sep 11 2009 	Hotel sehr gut parken TEUER!!!!!		
Aug 24 2009 	Bellissimo...		
Feb 5 2009 	???????????		
Aug 12 2008 	Se amate alla follia il Fisherman's Wharf...		
Jul 24 2008 	Buen Hotel		
Oct 9 2006 	Spitzen Location!		
