	Will be staying here again soon!	I travel to San Francisco every other week for business. I like to switch my stays up between Union Sq. and the Wharf just for a change of scenery. The Argonaut will definitely be my place to stay on the weeks that I stay at the Wharf. I loved everything about the place. The staff was great. I had missed the wine hour by about 5 minutes when I checked in so they gave me a voucher for a glass of wine at the bar. The room was very clean and comfortable.Being right around the corner from Ghirardelli Square, I took advantage of a cool evening and went and got a cup of hot cocoa. The next morning I picked up breakfast at Starbucks and walked across the street to have a nice morning on the beach before I went into the office. The location is great.Love the Argonaut and looking forward to going back in a couple of weeks.	
	Eagerly Anticipating Our Next Stay at the Argonaut	We are already planning our next visit to this hotel. We stayed here for three days for our anniversary in the company of our little bichon and had such a wonderful experience. The staff was amazing, incredibly helpful, and always treated our little dog like she was a valued guest as well. She loved the attention of the doormen and the front desk each time she came through. The Argonaut truly made us feel at home. We purchased a three day pass for the cable car/trolley car/muni system at the cable car turnaround right next door to the hotel which made it so easy to get around San Francisco and Fisherman's Wharf.We are planning to give an Argonaut gift certificate to our son and daughter-in-law for Christmas this year. We can't think of any other hotel in San Francisco we'd rather share with them.	
Nov 23 2009 	Stunning hotel with superb staff and comfortable rooms!	We finished off a tour of California here and loved this hotel! Superb staff from the doorment to the concierge, and the front desk to the restaurant. They couldn't do enough to help us.Loved the decor, even though anchors aren't usually my thing. Very children friendly without losing any of the adult friendliness. Really gorgeous, comfy, stylish and sociable lobby area to enjoy an hour or so by the fire.We wouldn't hestitate to come back here anytime.	
Nov 19 2009 	EXCELLENT HOTEL NICELY SITUATED	The hotel is situated at the quieter part of the wharf. The staff were excellent, we used room service twice. Both times the service was prompt and the food was good. Our room was very nice we had twin beds which were a good size. The restaurant at the hotel is as good as any on the wharf. Jack's bar is next door if you are looking for something livelier. We found the wharf area very touristy so the hotel and the area immediately around it was a godsend. The hotel is located alongside the trolley turnaround although if you want to explore the city use the public transport it is a lot cheaper.	
Nov 18 2009 	Great Location	This is just the best place to stay, the open top sight seeing bus stops a few blocks away, the tram terminus is in the next street and you can walk to where you get the ferry for Alcatraz. Walk out of the hotel and take a right and you're amongst all the shops and restaurants, some great places for breakfast such as Johnny Rockets and a place that makes bread in all kinds of animal shapes. Now about the hotel, rooms are spacious and nicely decorated: loved the nautical theme! There is a lovely warm feeling about the hotel and the reception area is a great place to relax in lovely big comfy sofas and armchairs.	
Nov 17 2009 	Great Location at Fishermans Wharf	Close to Ghiradelli Square and cable car turnabout. Wonderful old brick building. The rooms were quiet and the beds and linen were very good. Parking is $40 but 25% discount if you have a hybrid. At the rental desk you get another discoun for Hybrids so a good deal there as well.  We booked an inside room but they upgraded us to an outside room and had a partial view of the Golden Gate bridge,	
Nov 12 2009 	Fantastic Hotel!	This was a fantastic hotel. The location is perfect. The rooms are lovely, we had three to a room and it was a very good size. Alcatraz &amp; the Golden Gate Bridge are just outside, a short stroll. The cable cars are just outside too. The wine tasting each evening was a great end to a day too! Highly recommended.	
Nov 10 2009 	Don't stay anywhere else	Wonderful hotel. So friendly and homely. We had booked and paid for other hotels before leaving the UK, but wished we had stayed there the whole time. We moved to the 5* Fairmont after, but it was nowhere near as good as the Argonaut.	
Nov 8 2009 	Great Stay	Just returned from spending 4 nights at teh Argonaut in San Francisco. The hotel is located on Fisherman's Wharf. The location is excellent. Ghardelli square and Pier 39 are just a short walk away. The service and condition of the hotel was superb. They have free wine in the lobby from 5 to 6 each night, which was nice. There is plenty to do within a short walk of this hotel. I hightly recommend it, great stay!..	
Nov 8 2009 	Superior in every respect	Kimpton properties never disappoint, and this gem on Fisherman's Wharf is no exception. Clever and sleek nautical decor, gracious and attentive service, your selection of outstanding restaurants at every price range nearby (including an In-n-Out Burger!), and no fewer than three good quality bike rental shops within a 9-iron of the front door (6 mi to the Golden Gate, 11 to the peak of the Marin Headlands). One of my most enjoyable hotel stays for business in many years.	
Nov 6 2009 	Excellent location excellent service	We stayed 2 nights. The rooms were cozy. It felt like you were in a cruise ship because of the nautical themes. Complimentary wine tasting every 5pm (this past week they were show casing Francis Coppola cabs). It was pretty good. The best thing about this hotel is the location. It is so close to a lot of cool spots such as the fishermans wharf, dining shopping, chinatown, and the muni cars.Also, they have complimentary WIFI, which is always good.I would recommend you purchase the Hotel Package with the Complimentary overnight parking. The parking can get very steep in SF. The overnight parking at Arganaut is about $40 per night. We got the complimentary parking package so we didn't need to pay for the overnight parking.The hotel only has 4 floors. We got a room on the fourth floor. The sheets were very clean, the bed was very comfortable. The bathrooms were very clean and the stone in the bathroom floor felt very clean. Overall, we enjoyed our stay at the Arganaut. We definitely would stay there again.	
Nov 5 2009 	What a nice surprise	I went to check out this hotel for a business meeting, but would definitely return as a family. This newer property is on the north end of Fisherman's Wharf and has a completely different feel that the busier part of the Wharf. It juts up to a park where the cable cars turn around (but never heard one smidge of cable car noise) and if you are lucky enough to have the view I did (Golden Gate bridge in the distance on one side and Alcatrez on the other) you may never leave your room. I watched birds diving into the bay for fish and tons of exercisers heading out along the bay to run. It is a perfect jumping off location for experiencing the city, while feeling like you aren't smack in the center of a busy city.The hotel itself is also very nice. The nautical theme is just on this side of too much, but it seems to work. The rooms are large and clean, the bathrooms nice. The onsite restaurant has award winning chowders that were wonderful.Like I said...a very nice surprise. Definitely check it out. (And splurge on the Bay view.)	
Nov 3 2009 	Accomodating and Friendly Hotel with Hidden Perks	Love my stay at this hotel. It wasn't overly fancy and had a fun, casual feel to it. The staff was extremely accomodating and friendly. They remembered my name throughout the duration of my stay and were very helpful. The hotel also offered a free wine &quot;happy hour&quot; each night that was definitely a perk to staying there. Great location, easy to get around from hotel.	
Nov 1 2009 	Great Hotel	We stayed at the Argonaut twice in September while travelling around California. Upon arrive we were told that there was an error with the booking and there was not a room. However, they had found us a room in the Sheraton about 4 blocks away, they paid for our night’s accommodation plus refunded our money for the room and gave us $20 for taxis between the hotel plus a bottle of wine. Following our night in the Sheraton we returned and stayed in a room on 3rd floor with a view of over Hyde Pier and towards the Golden Gate Bridge. The staff was exceptional and willing to offer information about how to get about to various sightseeing attractions. The rooms were well proportioned and stocked with Aveda products.Food in the Blue Mermaid was excellent value for money. We will definitely be staying here again next time we are in San Francisco.	
Nov 1 2009 	Nice locations cold shower	Good location: opposite to Maritime National Historical Park and next to the Cable Cars. Nice spacious room, good bed, large bathroom. BIG disadvantage: COLD shower. Not only in the morning at 'rushhour', but also late at night. So there seems to be a problem with the hot water supply.We didn't have breakfast at the restaurant, but there is plenty to choose from in walking distance. Valet parking is very expensive (43 dollar p/n). When you become a Kimpton member (for free via their internetsite) you can book a pakkage with parking. Then parking is only 1 dollar p/n.	
Oct 30 2009 	Ideal hotel for families	The Argonaut is a great place to stay for families touring San Francisco because it is a clean and hospitable hotel in a child-friendly part of town. The hotel has a nice Maritime Museum inside, and the Cannery with restaurants and Norman's ice cream are literally right outside your window. The cable car turn around, Hyde Street Pier (my kids loved this!), Ghiradelli Square, Pier 39 and Fisherman's Wharf are all within a few blocks walk. Starbucks is at the back of the building, and Walgreen's and Trader Joe's are about a 4 to 5 block walk. We even walked to the Exploratorium ( this museum is a MUST DO for kids), which is a fairly level and beautiful several mile walk.  We chose the Argonaut because of its location, and for the fact that we wanted an upscale hotel without all the stuffiness. The hotel's decor is fun and playful. The rooms at the Argonaut are spacious and clean, plus the beds are uber comfy. Our room faced out into the Cannery courtyard, and at night we could listen to the featured outdoor live entertainment as we settled into bed. We considered this a plus, as we were so wiped out at the end of the day and our beds were so comfortable, not much would have kept us awake. The staff is friendly and helpful, although except for the doormen, not quite at the level found at most 4-star hotels. We paid a nightly rate of about 60% of the rack rate, and I think that was a good price for this hotel. The Argonaut gave me my money's worth and is definitely the best hotel on Fisherman's Wharf.	
Oct 29 2009 	Free wine was the icing on the cake	We stayed at this hotel in August 2009. It is a relatively small hotel on the sea front at Fisherman's Wharf. We dropped our car off at the valet parking outside the hotel and were immediatley made very welcome. The rooms are spacious, very clean and comfortable. The hotel reception staff were very helpful. Between 5pm and 6pm each eveing there is a wine tasting in the lounge. In reality this is the opportunity to have a few glasses of very nice wine on the house and chat to other residents if you wish.We also received complimentary breakfasts each monring which was a bonus. The hotel is very well positioned for Fisherman's Wharf and very close to the Tram terminus.Overall my wife and I together with our two teenage children enjoyed our stay and would recommend the hotel.	
Oct 29 2009	Pleasant experience	Recently returned from 3 days at the Argonaut Hotel with my adult son. Excellent experience. Rooms were very large, comfortable and nicely appointed. Location is excellent for seeing all San Francisco has to offer. Bike rental is around the corner if you would like to bike over the Golden Gate bridge. Nice wine reception each evening from 5-6 pm. Booked through 1800hotels and got a great rate. Have stayed in San Francisco 6 previous times but this is my favorite hotel of all I've stayed in. Blue Mermaid restaurant has a nice continental breakfast included with the room.	
Oct 29 2009 	Great Hotel - Perfect Location	We absolutely loved staying the the Argonaut Hotel, it's right on fishermans wharf and walking distance to everywhere that side of town. The cable car is in the park right next door and all the tourist busses leave from the street the other side. The hotel staff were really friendly and allowed us to print our Alcatraz booking confirmation that we'd forgot to bring. The wifi in the rooms was free if you sign up to their newsletter which was very useful for my iPhone and checking the exchange rate!When we come back to San Fran we will definately be staying here again.	
Oct 26 2009 	I can't wait to come back!	I arrived for a stay at the Argonaut on 27 Sept. Greeted warmly by John at the door who managed to remember my name for the next week! Man must have a good memory! My room wasnt ready when I arrived but that was ok. It was only midday and Im now used to hotels not having rooms ready till 3. I left my bags with the bell desk and went for a long walk n some lunch.Argonaut is situated perfectly at the quiet end of the Wharf area. CAble car turnaround is across the road. Just a few mins walk however from Pier 39 with the sea lions and bay cruise boats.Need coffee?? Starbucks at the back of the bulding.Need shampoos etc? Walgreens around the block.Breakfast at the Blue Mermaid downstairs - 9 out of 10.Free glass of wine downstairs every night...10/10 ! I LOVED the rooms..ok u may think it a tad themed..but the bathrooms were METICULOUS! I love a clean bathroom. Plenty space in our room which overlooked the Cannery courtyard.Yes reception does get busy at times...and the concierge needs more than 1 staff attending at times but hey...I still loved it! I have a trip with my husband coming in April for our Silver Wedding and I'll definately stay at the Argonaut again!	
Oct 25 2009 	Wonderful location for a first time visit.	This was our first visit to SF and the location of the Argonaut is excellent. The staff were very friendly and the rooms were spotless and clean. I would suggest a city tour to learn some interesting facts then get out and about on foot &amp; cable car. Opposite the hotel is a Maritime museum which is really nice to stroll around. A visit to Alcatrez is a must, not what I expected at all. Would definitely stay again just on the edge of all the hustle and bustle.	
Oct 18 2009 	Fab stay- would definately recommend.	We stayed here for 3 nights before travelling down highway 1. Hotel Argonaut had been recommended to us by friends and we were definately not disappointed. Great room and location - just around the corner from the cable car stop, good restaurants nearby. Would stay here again!	
Oct 18 2009 	WOW	I love love love this hotel!When we arrived we were upgraded to a bay bridge view room! We also had a lovely bottle of red in the room upon arrivals (Were there to celebrate boyfriends birthday) The room was huge! Absolutly immaculate! Bed comfy! Bathroom again huge! It did take us a while to walk to the room from reception! This hotel is large!The only negative would be most of the things (food wise) in the mini bar were out of date! Lovely bar called Jack Murphys about 3 doors along and the best burgers in SF from In Out Burger about a 5 min walk away!Overall loved the hotel though and would deffo stay here again!	
Oct 16 2009 	Covers all bases in a great location	Having stayed in SF a few times this area is the best place to stay. Yes it has tacky bits but the centre get's a bit oppressive. Fisherman's wharf is a much more pleasent living env. The hotel covers all the bases. It's a bit tacky in some ways too but expensice tacky and you don't feel nickel and dimed. I'd stay there again but I wouldn't rave about it.	
Oct 14 2009 	San Fransico was awesome	This hotel is as good and as authentic as you can get as far as the fisherman's wharf. It is not a luxury hotel by any means but has lots of character. 	
Oct 14 2009 	The best hotel I have stayed at in a long time.....	My partner and I stayed at the argonaut at the start of our 3 week trip along the west coast of america. I have to say it was the best hotel we stayed at on the trip, we stayed at some great places over the 3 weeks. The location is fantastic and we walked to most places or got the tram which was literally a 2 minute stroll along the pier. We also walked to the golden gate bridge from the hotel which was amazing.The hotel has a nautical theme, not taccy in the slightest, tastefully done and true to its surroundings. The room we had was a standard one I think, 2 queens sized beds. Very big, great bathroom, facilities etc. funky dressing gowns! A great touch was the complimentry wine tasting, needless to say we forgot about our jet lag that night! We didn't eat at the hotel but there were the facitlites there if you needed to. Plenty of other restaurants to visit. You must try the restaurant at the top of macy's looking out on to the square for lunch, amazing and so resonable! Booked our Alcatraz tickets with the concierge without a problem, in general vey helpful. All in all a wonderful 3 night stay and was everything we thought it was going to be and more.	
Oct 10 2009 	Unique hotel	Summer vacation for us. We stayed 4 nights at the Argonaut. The building is a renovated Del Monte canning plant I believe. Nicely decorated in a nautical theme. Everything is neat and clean. Staff mostly attentive but this was a VERY busy time of year it seems. Although the staff tried to be helpful it felt like there were just too many demands being placed on them and some were overlooked. Small things. Location is great, right at Fisherman's wharf, you can see Golden Gate Bridge and Alcatraz from the hotel. Also the famous Buena Vista is a few steps away for your late night Irish Coffee or breakfast . Despite being so close to all this activity, our room (which faced the street) was remarkably quiet.	
Oct 9 2009 	Nice hotel very close to the wharf and other activities	We tried out a tall room which Kimpton offers in many of their properties. The accommodations were good for tall people except the robes weren't nearly long enough for my 6'10&quot; boyfriend. The room was pretty large and had some extra amenities such as a DVD player and an iHome alarm clock in addition to the usual hotel things. The 5 pm wine hour was a nice touch. We enjoyed the restaurant too, especially the clam and corn chowder.	
Oct 8 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Very nice hotel. Rooms are very clean and beds are super comfortable. You do get some road noise from the street, but not too much. The wine cocktail hour is very nice, especially sitting by the fireplace. Wonderful concierge and the restaurant was good.	
Oct 8 2009 	We loved this hotel in the heart of Fisherman's Wharf.	We spent 5 days in San Franscisco for Spring Break. This hotel is located right across from the cable car stop and were able to ride downtime very easily. Plus, we were able to see all of the attractions at Fisherman's Wharf. I think it's the best hotel on the Wharf. The staff was very friendly and helpful and the rooms were clean with plenty of hot water. The only complaint would be that the queen sized beds were not the typical queen size but a little smaller. With 3 out of 4 of us being 6 feet or over, it was a little tight. If you go to the Wharf, you have to try the corn/crab crowder in the Argonaut resturant; it's incredible.	
Oct 8 2009 	Perferct family hotel!	My two girls (10 and 7) and I thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Argonaut Hotel in San Fran. It was perfectly located for all the family attraction with a spiffy design that the kids enjoyed. We appreciated the free wine and sparkling juice hour with Wii games on hand after long days of exploring the city. And the hotel restaurant, The Blue Mermaid, was tasty and easy to enjoy as a family when we wanted to stay close to our home-away-from-home while a destination for others! Two thumbs way up — I can't wait to stay here again!	
Oct 8 2009 	San Francisco...the perfect ending to a 2800 mile tour of CA and OR. The perfect location the Argonaut!	Online presentations fall short of the full glory of this wonderfully restored and converted warehouse...now a luxury hotel in the heart of the San Francisco Wharf District. Wake up and find yourself in the middle of everything and wanting for nothing. The staff is always present and never noticed until you have a need. One could not ask for more in attention and care. The &quot;happy hour&quot; provides travelers a full hour to visit with others in San Francisco from all over the world. What a joyous exchange of chatter with so many people seeking to learn more about each other.Thanks, Argonaut, for the perfect ending to a 2-week road trip through some of the most incredible sites in America. We will be back.	
Oct 8 2009 	Cute Nautical Theme Hotel	Right on Ghiradelli Square in the Cannery Building - a great location for first time visitors to San Francisco. Walking distance to North Beach, Chinatown, Nob Hill. Kimpton Hotels offer great style, and fun perks like free wine at happy hour in the lobby. Hotel restaurant the Blue Mermaid was also thematic with good food and super friendly staff.	
Oct 8 2009 	Beautiful Hotel Great location.............	This is a beautiful Hotel. We were very, very comfortable. The rooms were beautiful and clean and quiet.The most disappointing part was the price of parking. $43 per night!!!!!! It is a lot of money when you stay 4 nights and don't use your car. There wasn't any other &quot;safe&quot; options so we had no choice really.Having said that, everyone was fantastic and friendly, except for a female concierge. We needed assistance to book a Baseball game or at least find out about it, and she was more intent on speaking to someone who was trying to sell her something, so we walked off after waiting for about 10 minutes. We returned to the front desk a bit later and the lady there couldn't have been more helpful. She was fantastic.I recommend the wine tasting and the breakfast. Location was fantastic, base of cable cars and close to piers and restaurants......	
Oct 4 2009 	Very nice stay here	We just spent 3 days in SF and at the Argonaut. The front desk was very helpful and let us check in 6 hours early when we arrived and even upgraded our room.The nautical, yet modern theme of the hotel is very nice and the room was clean and roomy. The noise from the streets was a bit noisy at times but the sound of the famous cable cars was kind of fun to hear from our room. For some reason neither one of us could comfortable in our beds though. Not sure if it was us or the mattresses though.The staff at the restaurant was nothing short of amazing! Friendly, smiling and always willing to strike up a conversation. The location of hotel is a bit touristy but close to almost every great neighborhood, either by foot, bus or cable car. Thanks Argonaut!	
Oct 1 2009 	Overpriced and Poor Front Desk Service	We splurged for this hotel because of great reviews and the location. While the location is great, many things were lacking. While attempting to check in we waited in line for quite some time. After checking in, I waited in line again to verify that our room was a King rather than Queen. Was assured it was a King. It was not. Our package included some family options and a gift but I had to hassle several times to get these promised items. I would choose another hotel and save my money for other fun on our next visit.Pros: The restaurant was good and we enjoyed happy hour and the breakfast. The bell staff were friendly and helpful.	
Sep 28 2009 	Great Hotel in a Great Location	The Argonaut is a great hotel in a perfect location. It's right on Fisherman's Wharf and only steps away from shopping, restaurants and attractions.The hotel itself is very clean and comfortable. I wouldn't recommend taking a car there if you can avoid it. If I remember correctly, parking is $40.00 per night.The hotel staff are very professional and really try to make you feel like a guest.They do have a computer in the lobby you can use to check email, etc.	
Sep 28 2009 	Modern Stylish	Great atmosphere, good service and style. Ideally placed for all the tourist areas of San Francisco.	
Sep 27 2009 	Great location for sightseeing	Just far enough to be away from the noise, but within walking distance to Fishermen's Wharf and the Hyde Park Trolley. Other transportation, including cable cars, is nearby. If you are looking for a charming SF neighborhood to settle into, this area is not the spot, but if you are looking for a base for a few nights from which to see the sights it works well.The &quot;bay view&quot; room on the 3rd floor was really a view of the rooftop of the restaurant across the street, but you can see Alcatraz over the top. Although rooms on the other side of the hotel would have the advertised view (out a very small window) of the Golden Gate Bridge, I don't believe the cost is justified; especially if you have to sacrifice a King bed. The front desk reduced the rate slightly when I complained, which was a nice gesture.Rooms were comfortable, the nautical theme is cute. No noise in the hallways. I did not rate the service because we were mostly out of the hotel.	
Sep 26 2009 	this hotel is fab	The location of this hotel is great, within walking distance of Fishermans wharf , bars and resturants and cable cars. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Rooms lovely, clean and had all the amenities that you need.Would definately stay here again.	
Sep 24 2009 	Loved it!	This was our second stay in this hotel, as we first visited in 2007. I mentioned this and was upgraded to a room with a view, at no extra charge, a great start to the holiday! We love the location, as it is on the edge of the Fisherman's Wharf area, but not too crazy. There are plenty of places to eat nearby and a short walk from lots of major attractions.We received complimentary continental breakfast vouchers and loved the Blue Mermaid restaurant. The breakfast included pastries, toast or muffins, tea, coffee or juice and a fresh fruit salad. I usually paid $5 or $6 dollars extra, to add a cooked breakfast, which was delicious. The atmosphere, setting and service were all of a high standard.The hotel also has a complimentary drinks hour, offering wine and sparkling apple juice, as well as snacks. This was very popular, so seating was limited, but this didn't matter, as it was a lovely way to spend an hour, meeting other people, or just chilling after a busy day.We booked the hotel with Virgin holidays, so am unsure of the exact price, as it was one of 5 hotels we stayed in during our visit, however, the holiday rep told us it was cheaper than the Holiday Inn express, so maybe Virgin have a good deal with the hotel?Our room was on the top floor and was very clean and spacious. The nautical decor is very nice and the bedding of a very high quality. We experienced no problems with noise (as mentioned in some reviews)All the staff were very friendly and helpful.Would I stay here again? Absolutely!	
Sep 22 2009 	Great location and high quality hotel	The Argonaut is in a great spot - just a couple of minutes away from all of the Fisherman's wharf attractions. The hotel is of a high standard - good service, decent sized rooms (we had a standard), nice amenities etc. San Fran is not a cheap town and the Argonaut is priced accordingly, but I think it's reasonable.	
Sep 19 2009 	Noisy	Great location........ expensive for parking, don't rent one.Food service at breakfast fair/slow. Noisy, noisy, noisy.Can hear doors closing, road and band noise at night.	
Sep 18 2009 	Love it!	My husband &amp; I enjoy Kimpton hotels. They are so funky! We stayed at The Argonaut for 2 nights. Upon arrival, since we had missed wine hour, the bellman gave us coupons for a free chowder and 2 free wines at the adjoining restaurant, The Blue Mermaid. Nice touch since we got in late and we were hungry and needed to unwind. Food was good, service was attentive at dinner. The location can't be beat. It is on the &quot;quieter&quot; side of the Wharf. The hotel is within walking distance to Ghirardelli Square and if you are a little more adventurous, you can walk to North Beach. If not, hop a cable car. Plenty around as far as restaurants--Starbucks around the corner, Joanie's diner (good breakfast) across the street, the Buena Vista Cafe is around the corner (good Irish coffee). Love the decor--you feel like you are on a ship. Rooms are nicely appointed. Aveda products are provided. The bed was comfy and there was plenty of electrical outlets. We ate one breakfast at The Blue Mermaid. Service the second time around was so so. Our waitress seemed to forget about us. Don't know if it was because it was busier than dinner. Overall, it was a pleasant stay and we would stay here again if we are in SF.	
Sep 16 2009 	You wont be disappointed !	If you want a reasonable priced hotel that is clean, convenient with good service this is it. I think that the almost 700 reviews with a 4.7 rating speak volumes about this hotel. Some people will always find something to whine about. Sure the odd person has some bad luck or some unforeseen occurrence, but this was not the case with us. I researched plenty before we booked at this hotel and could have spent a lot more money to stay at other hotels that didn't come close to the reviews that this hotel had. We had a great time and not on complaint. Sure, the restaurant beside is not ultimate dining experience, but there are plenty of other restaurants around. I am booking a trip for November with 3 friends for a football trip and will be returning, No question.	
Sep 15 2009 	Excellent hotel bang in Fisherman's Wharf	Stayed here on a trip to California, were in San Francisco for 4 nights.ServiceVery friendly and polite check in staff, always helpful and smiley. The hotel restaurant also had a good and welcoming service. The rooms were spotless and cleaned to a high standard.RoomThe room was a good size, had a room with 2 double beds and was well equipped with free wi-fi, tv and iPod radio dock. The bathroom was clean and modern also. As the hotel was originally a warehouse, the window was small and had a limited view when we expected to have great views over at Alcatraz and the bay.LocationOne of the few decent hotels in Fisherman's Wharf. A fantastic location for exploring the wharf, biking the bridge and Alcatraz. However it's very touristy and the food isn't great in the area. Best bit is to jump on the cable car a minutes walk from the hotel and go into downtown San Francisco. It gets busy at night, but a taxi isn't too expensive either. AmenitiesDidn't really use much of the hotel's features as were out and about most of the time, it did have a Nintendo Wii free of use in the hotel lobby though which was a nice touch.OverallA comfortable, high standard hotel defiantly worth considering if planning to visit San Francisco.	
Sep 12 2009 	The nautical theme and position will appeal to a particular traveller however it didn't to me.	This hotel came highly recommended by a friend who was participating in a sailing competition with my husband. We were downtown in the JW Marriott and thought it a good idea to be somewhere closer to the Yacht Club. We checked in on 24 August and were shown to our room which was described as 2 Queen suite. The first thing we saw was the toilet which was 2 steps to the right from the door opening, the beds were more like lge singles, the room was pokey, the bright yellow/vivid blue decor a visual affront, a strong odour similar to the Sea Lions at the wharf. I asked to be moved to another room hoping that the smell and size would be improved, it was identical to the previous one with the same rancid odour. This one had a ground floor window outlook - and we were witness to a pedestrian leaning on our window then promptly vomiting. What can I say, the noise, the run down tacky souvenir stores, the odour, pokey rooms, loud decor did not appeal to me. I discreetly approached front desk for a third time and let them know I would not be staying as the rooms were not to my liking. I expressed concern that they had my credit card details and would place a charge on it. I was assured that that would not happen. When we arrived back in Australia and checked our credit card statement they had placed a $258.00 charge on our card for a 'no show' ( meaning we booked then didn't turn up). It has taken 3 International calls, 1 email and speaking to 2 Managers to rectify this problem. I had to prove I had personally been there by naming the 2 front desk staff that I dealt with ( I couldn't ) but luckily I remembered the Bell hop name and a conversation I'd had with him so they had to verify with him!!Needless to say I got on the phone and rebooked us into the JW Marroiott and ran out of there! If you like a nautical theme, won't spend much time in yr room, don't mind the noise of busy street and endless pedestrians, eat seafood, and have a blocked nose then go ahead and book. Also it was twice the price per night as the JW Marriott ( see my review of the Marriott )	
Sep 9 2009 	Nice hotel shame about the food	As others have said... perfectly situated, excellent staff, and fantastic view if you happen to get a Bay View or Gate View room. We'd booked Kimpton's &quot;Breakfast for $1 more&quot; offer, which meant the Blue Mermaid restaurant next door. We tried dinner the first night, and found that the service was inattentive, slow, and (more than once) incorrect. One of the fish dishes was served so undercooked it was practically raw, which is just dangerous - and this was &quot;fish and chips&quot;, not sushi. The cooked breakfasts were cold by the time our waiter brought them over, and more than once only bore a passing resemblance to our order.	
Sep 5 2009 	Best hotel in san Francisco!	We stayed at the Argonaut in June 2009 for ten nights. The first week we had a Twin Queen room with a Bay view - it was perfect! We had an amazing view of Alcatraz and although the street can be noisy, it didn't disturb us at all. The room was very comfortable, clean and spacious. The bathroom, although small, was adequate and they even have a list of toiletries you can buy if you've forgotten anything! We were also provided with animal print robes which you can also buy at the end of your stay! The mini bar is well stocked and there are tea/coffee making facilites.For our second week, we stayed in a Deluxe King. The view from this room was nothing special but as it was at the back of the hotel, it was very quiet. Again, the room was perfect and exceptionally clean.The staff at the Argonaut were wonderful! Everyone we met was very friendly and helpful. John the doorman was particularly nice and gave us plenty of tips on places to go and how to get around. Reception staff were helpful and all the bellboys friendly and fun!We ate at the Blue Mermaid once and also ordered room service once. The room service was reasonably priced, delicious and quick to arrive.We attended the wine hour every evening. If you wanted a seat, you had to get there a good half hour before so most evenings we would take our drinks to our room. One night, my partner got id'd during wine hour even though he is 31 - he was not impressed seeing as this happened quite a while into our stay.We loved the nautical theme which was present throughout the hotel. The location of the hotel is perfect! The cablecar turnaround is yards away and plenty other attractions. The hotel is surrounded by good restaurants and some funky bars! Over the road is Ghiradelli Aqua Park which is great if you want to do a bit of swimming or have a quiet moment on the beach.All in all, we had the most amazing time at the Argonat and can't wait to go back!	
Sep 5 2009 	Fabulous Stay - Enjoyed Every Minute!	My partner and I stayed at the Argonaut for 4 nights (17th-21st August 2009), on the first leg of a West Coast of the USA tour. We selected this hotel for its purported, excellent location on Fisherman's Wharf. We had booked a deluxe, view room on a room only basis. On arrival at the hotel, we were impressed by the warm welcome and efficient check-in and even more impressed by our room size and its amenities. We found that we had a view of the Golden Gate, but i have to say that much of the time this view was obscured by the San Francisco fog. The nautical decor of our room was very striking, but I, personally, loved it and felt it to be in perfect keeping with the hotel's geographical location. We were delighted to find that the hotel was providing us with complimentary continental breakfast and that there was a free wine reception between 5 and 6 pm every day - this proved to be a very congenial event that we appreciated very much after each day of sightseeing in this fabulous city. They also provided free, unlimited internet access.Throughout our stay, we found the staff to be very helpful and friendly and we enjoyed breakfast and several evening meals in the hotel's restaurant. The menu consisted of mainly fish and seafood (as could be expected) and we found the food to be of good quality and reasonably priced. The hotel's location is perfect for visiting San Francisco as it is adjacent to the cable car turnaround on Fisherman's Wharf and also very convenient for hopping onto the great 'streetcars'. Pier 39 is a short and pleasant stroll away.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone wishing to explore this beautiful city and I can't wait to book another stay there so that I can explore the area at my leisure.	
Sep 2 2009 	Fantastic stay at the Hotel Argonaut!	After weighing up boutique hotels downtown with high parking costs vs staying at the Argonaut. w decided on it for three nights-booked by phone and did the parking, breakfast, cable car ticket package. It was a bit of a splurge for us, but worth every penny! This place was so charming and enjoyable. From the minute we met Steve, the valet, we knew it was going to be a good experience! All the staff seemed really well chosen and went out of their way to help, but Steve really made it special! Our room was lovely! We loved the nautical theme and attention to detail - alot of thought has gone into the restoration of this old cannery building and the decorating. So clean and well maintained! Starbucks coffee and Aveda toiletries and a well stocked mini bar (right down to telescopes for the kids!) with prices we thought weren't too bad at all. We were lucky to have a window with a view to the lovely colors and liveliness of the courtyard and even had a bit of a city view with the Transamerica building right there. Yes, there was music playing throughout the day, but if you shut your windows you heard nothing. We did have a noisy baby crying for awhile the first night and it was pretty loud, but it stopped, which was the important thing! Not too keen on the large dogs trotting about with their owners, we must say, and I do suffer from allergies, but we had asked for a non pet room and I was fine.  The breakfast was excellent....one entree, juice coffee came with our package. We also dined in the restaurant and had a few drinks one evening....all good. I must say though that if they opened the room up without that double row of tables in the middle it would be better. If you end up on the non-bar side, it lacks ambience. Super location. Helpful staff - they had stamps to sell and mailed the postcards for me. A tip from the concierge to get over the the City Wide Tours around the corner for around ten-ish enabled us to score some Alcatraz tickets (with the purchase of their tours of course) - which was great, as they were sold out for the next few days.It was for a late run out to the island which limited your time there, but it worked. The tours with these open double decker buses were great. We did the City tour, the park tour and the run to Sausalito and then we took the ferry back. The wine hour they lay on daily was very generous and we had fun getting to know other guests. Yes, there were lots of families and kids and we were a couple, but there were others like us too and everyone was very happy to be there, you could tell.We would highly recomment the Hotel Argonaut!	
Sep 2 2009	We picked the right hotel.	just returned from 4 night stay at Argonaut Hotel in San Francisco. Loved the hotel. Quiet location but steps from cable car turn around so very convenient. Had a 3 day muni pass and went all over the city with buses, cable cars and street cars.Hotel staff very friendly and very helpful. Loved the wine reception in the evening. they went out of their way to make us feel welcome.A gem.	
Aug 31 2009 	Good stay!	We (my partner &amp; daughter 18 yrs) stayed three nights in one room. We had a nice, large room, clean and comfortable. Valet parking was well organised and other services swift and kind (bell-boy, concierge). We visited once the complimentary wine party, wich was nice meeting other people. Price - quality excellent.	
Aug 31 2009 	loud wedding parties!!	the hotel was overall good, except they had very loud wedding parties that echo though the rooms and can't stop the noise. Never in many years of travel have I had to deal with such a problem. Because of that I say be careful.	
Aug 26 2009 	a view would be nice!	Only stayed here two nights. Wish it could have been longer as we love San Francisco. Have stayed at both the Holiday Inns in the past, but decided to treat ourselves to the Argonaut after all its great reviews.After a bit of a mix up when the receptionist thought we'd only reserved one room instead of two, we were pleasantly surprised to find we were entitled to breakfast on the two mornings.It was only juice, tea or coffee, a bowl of fruit and a choice of pastry or toast but it was all right for nothing. The complementary wine in the evening was a nice touch even though we didn't like the wine. The rooms were very smart and actually looked like the photos on the hotel web site. Internet was free in the room , something other hotels should consider in this day and age.My only gripe was that our view was over a courtyard to rooms with shutters at the windows which ,sort of, made me think of Alcatraz!I think you have to pay extra for any decent view.The cost of the valet carparking is rather extortionate, but so was that at both Holiday Inns. Can certainly recommend this hotel for its good points and excellent locality and would definitely go back, but would try to get a better room ( with a view )next time.	
Aug 25 2009 	Wonderful!!!	We had the package that included parking, breakfast, and a cable car pass. It was well worth the small upcharge as the breakfast was wonderful, the parking would have been expensive, and the cable car pass was for 3 days. The hotel is in a great location and everyone was helpful and nice. Can't wait to get back!!!	
Aug 21 2009 	Pet and Kid Friendly - and great for grownups too!	We just returned from a long weekend in San Francisco, staying at the Argonaut. The location is perfect. It is a couple blocks away from the huge loud crowds around Pier 39, yet just a short block to the cable car turnaround and Irish coffee at the Buena Vista. Although we were petless this weekend, we met many nice dogs during our stay, including several large dogs (like ours). The hotel is across the street from a dog-friendly park with a beach - terrific for dogs as well as kids. The maritime museum, with many boats to board, is also across the street. Ghirardelli Square is also two blocks away ( though sadly there aren't many fun places there anymore).The hotel itself is spotlessly clean and very comfortable. Our room faced an interior courtyard so there were no views - but no noise either, which we appreciated. The room was equipped with a coffeemaker (with complimentary Starbucks coffee!) iron &amp; ironing board, power strip with lots of outlets for laptops and phone chargers (why don't all hotels think of this?) and complimentary wi-fi. Very people-friendly!I've spent a lot more on hotels and received a lot less. The only downside is that parking is VERY expensive - but there is excellent nearby public transportation, so don't bring a car. And the staff is very friendly too. I'm sure we'll be back - I just can't think of a better place to stay in San Francisco...	
Aug 17 2009 	Perfect hotel for families	Enjoyed our recent stay at the Argonaut Hotel - rooms were spacious and very clean. This hotel is in the Cannery, a building that used to be the Del Monte Peach Canning Factory. Desk staff and front door staff were very friendly to my sons. Kids were offered free popsicles in the afternoon, and adults were offered wine during a complimentary happy hour while the kids played on the Wii in the lobby. We loved the leopard and zebra bathrobes! The location is perfect - right near Fisherman's Wharf.Room for improvement - the concierge staff seemed a bit overwhelmed with our simple requests for local tour info. The hotel restaurant (Blue Mermaid) had very slow service and was overpriced.	
Aug 11 2009 	Awesome Hotel- Clean+Comfortable!	We stayed at the Argonaut Hotel from July 10th-17th, 2009. There were four of us. Overall it was an excellent hotel, and I have very little negative things to say about it.Rooms: The rooms were great! Very comfortable beds, and a nicely sized. For a family of four, it was a perfect room. Five people would have been a bit snug. The bathrooms were very clean, which is important to us. The room had a minibar with snacks ( which were quite expensive....$4 for a bottle of water). The nautical themed room was very nicely designed. There was even an ipod dock for me to charge and listen to my ipod! Location: The location is great, right on the wharf with LOTS of resturaunts and places to shop. The Blue Mermaid that is inside the hotel is AWESOME! I suggest their crab and corn choweder, and their Cioppiono ( I probably spelled that wrong ..but its kind of like a seafood stew with tomatoe sauce and wine). Across the street from the Argonaut, there is a resturaunt called Cioppiono's ...and my mom ordered cioppiono there and it was aweful!! Get it at the blue mermaid!! My other favourite resturaunts while I was there were : The San Franciscian and Joes Crab Shack ( if you dont like being in a loud setting..I wouldn't reccomend this ). The location is also right near bus stops and streetcar stops which can take you anywhere. Oh yeah- this hotel is also right beside a Ben + Jerrys ( for ice cream lovers :) )Tip for shopping: They have many stores that sell tshirts 3/10$ or 5/10$...the further away you walk from the hotel...the better deals you get. Service: Everyone was very helpful and nice! They would try everything for you to have a pleasant stay. The maids were very nice and always made sure you had everything you needed.** Every day at five pm the managers would give out/sample free wine for those staying at the hotel, and non alcoholic punches for kids. The negative: Walls were thin, and you could occasionally hear people in the next room having a conversation. Also, it was very loud as it is right on a busy tourist street...every day we heard a tour guide on a bus say &quot;..Rice-A-Roni...the San Francisco Treat!!&quot;..as well as the loud buses and cars. The way we fixed this problem was that we brought a noisemaker ( one of those small noisemakers you can buy for $20 at the pharmacy that make sounds of waves, thunderstorms, white noise, etc ..) and that helped ALOT to block out the noise when we slept.** Note: My mother is quite picky when it comes to staying at hotels. She always has some complaint about them but she LOVED this one! I didn't hear any complaints from her. The noise is really our only complaint- but as I said...we blocked it out at night with our noise machine.	
Aug 11 2009 	Friendly atmosphere clean room great view. We loved it.	We didn't know quite what to expect with the Argonauts 'Nautical theme'. It could have been really kitsch. But it was very tastefully done.We pulled up after a long flight from the UK and the uniformed doorman in a white Pith Helmet opened the door for us, high fived the kids and gave us a friendly welcome.The checkin staff were helpful and friendly explaining everything to us and informing us of the free 6pm wine tasting in reception. Gets the evening off to a good start :-)In reception there is a small 'treasure chest' that the kids get to pick something from each day.The room was spotlessly clean and had a great view over the fishing harbour to Alcatraz and the Golden Gate bridge.Valet parking wasn't too badly priced. We certainly experienced more expensive parking on our holiday. And it's a 'per 24hr' charge so you can come and go as much as you wish at no extra charge.The cable car turnaround is right next door and the 'Big Red Shiny Mac Fireengine' of Fire Engine Tours leaves from right behind the hotel.If you are looking for a family friendly city centre hotel in a good location. I heartily recommend this hotel. I'll certaintly be staying here next time i'm in SF.	
Aug 11 2009 	Great hotel and location... if you are lucky with your room	We just stayed at this very friendly and comfortable hotel in SF with my family. This hotel is clean and very well decorated. Our only (big) problem was that our room, on the second floor, was street level at the back of the hotel. Every morning we enjoyed the dustbin cleaners and their truck at 5.30 + street noise. We can definitely recommend this hotel, but just make sure you get a room at a higher level and not at the back of the building. Otherwise the staff is great and very kid's friendly.	
Aug 10 2009 	One of my favorites	Things were a little disorganized at check-in but once they got everything figured out it was a wonderful stay. The beds and shower were nice. The room was a decent size for San Francisco and everything was clean and well kept. I really like the design of the lobby, definitely not your standard hotel. The wine reception was nice. It was busy but well managed. We had a bay view room and it was kind of a splurge but worth it. We were able to get a package with breakfast and Muni passes and valet parking on the hotel website. The location is also quite nice, right between Ghirardelli Square and Pier 39, both of which are worth a visit.	
Aug 8 2009 	Excellent hotel clean comfortable. Definately recommend!	A fabulous place to stay in San Francisco. Upon arrival the bell boys relieve you of your baggage and take it to your room for you. ALL staff were incredibly friendly and useful and were willing to answer any questions. The conceierge staff are particularly helpful. The room was spotless - very clean and fresh. The beds were comfortable, there was a large tv, dvd player, bathroom products, area information and at an extra charge there is food and drink available. I have stayed in many hotels and I have to say that this is one of the best. The decor is nice and the whole hotel is kept very clean. The free wine hour between 5 and 6 is great! We also got free breakfast in the Mermaid restaurant which was good. We were upgraded free of charge to a room with a view of the golden gate bridge. The location is perfect - right on fishermans wharf. Only a 10 min walk to pier 39 with restaurants and shops and 15 mins to pier 33 where you get the boat to alcatraz (which was also good - book in advance though). There is an F line street car (tram) which goes right along the waterfront and down to union square where there are lots of shops. I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Aug 8 2009 	great experience	what a great hotel, excellent location at the wharf and 1 block from ghiradelli sq, right at the cable cars. Despite the busy location, our room was very quiet and had ample room for 2 adults and 2 teens. The staff could not have been any nicer or more helpful, great decor and very clean, we enjoyed the evening wine reception. Highly recommended	
Aug 7 2009 	A wonderful place	My son and I stayed there on a recent trip to SF. I was a little bit reluctant to stay in a noisy and touristic place as the Fisherman's Wharf but it turned out that the hotel, once you enter is a calm and quiet place. All the employees were very friendly and extra helpful with all our small requests. The room was beautiful, large, beautiful light and all those little details that make you feel comfortable beyond your regular needs.We had diner at the Blue Mermaid restaurant once and it turned out to be one of the best dinners we had there. The food was delicious, not expensive and the service again was great. The valet parking is expensive but absolutely worth it. If you're traveling with teenagers this is a great place to stay.	
Aug 7 2009 	Enjoyed Everything!	Spent the first two nights of our California anniversary trip at the Argonaut and what a great kickoff we had! The hotel is in a very convenient location within walking distance of many sights. The afternoon wine social in the lobby was an added bonus. Would highly recommend the hotel.	
Aug 4 2009 	Enjoyable stay	We stayed 5 nights at the Argonaut and really enjoyed our stay. The hotel was conveniently located within walking distance of all the Fisherman's Wharf activities as well as public transportation. The room was a little small but clean and comfortable and we enjoyed the nautical decor. The staff was very helpful and accomodating. When we checked out at 10 pm to catch a late night flight, we fully expected to pay for the night but they kindly waived the fee for that day. The restaurant was very good although the breakfast selection somewhat limited. The evening wine tasting was fun and it was obvious that the Wii game was big hit. We would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Aug 3 2009 	Exellent all around hotel restaurant and assistance	Personal service.Wii for the kids during wine hour 5-6P daily.Grandson loved the goldfish in the room; named him Popeye.Would definitely stay there again.Got upgraded to room with view of the Golden Gate bridge at minimum fee.	
Aug 2 2009 	A cute hotel in the midst of Wharf tourist craziness	We came to this hotel for a week vacation to explore San Fran for the first time. I enjoyed the hotel. It was a great location--right on Fisherman's Wharf--well, at least the far end of it. Very easy to get taxi's &amp; one block uphill to the cable car turn around. We enjoyed the breakfast (very expensive) nearly every morning. Very good service.We had a king sized room--it was very spacious, including a small couch facing the TV area. The bed was very comfy...and the staff were attentive--asked for an extra luggage holder early on &amp; waited less than 5 minutes. The bathroom was decent-sized for 2--the shower worked well &amp; enough space around the sink.We looked over the Cannery &amp; sometimes mid--afternoon, there was music. It was annoying only on first day when we wanted to nap from the flights but then we did enjoy it.Has a free wine hour every night--we only made it once (due to touring around, etc) but it was very nice--free Wii for the kids. There is a maritime museum in the lobby &amp; the weekend free walking tour was great. We learned a lot--of course, we like doing that kind of thing on vacation.Many families were staying here as well as many European travelers. It was fairly crowded in the lobby areas, outside getting cars, etc. All the staff was very nice &amp; including the desk workers that made us dinner reservations when the concierge was busy with a demanding family.One note: If you do Alcatraz, go at night! Best tour ever. Book online far in advance. Well, worth being the last boat off the Rock.Another note: The Wharf is crazy during the weekends--tourists 5 deep on the sidewalks--take Beach street one block up to avoid the crowds.	
Aug 1 2009 	We loved the location and the people	The location was perfect for our family. Our son got sick during our stay and the staff was able to get him in to see a doctor within an hour. The room was a nice size and our view was of Alcatrez. Everyone we encountered at the hotel was nice and our daughter loved Donovon(bellman) and his high fives. It was a pleasure to stay here and I have already recommended this hotel. Try Norman's icecream in the courtyard and the San Francisco Fire truck tour that leaves from the back of the courtyard. The hotel manager, Rich, was very helpful in our initial planning and had the perfect room waiting for us. We had rented a car for the week but honestly most of the time we just took a cab or public transportation not to mention walking, so you really do not need a car when staying at this central location.	
Aug 1 2009 	Not sure what it will be when it grows up.	Trying to be a five star establishment in a two star location and not managing.The hotel is generally good but I found the rooms claustrophobic and this was exascerbated by the soft furnishings which gave me a headache looking at ll the stars and stripes in wallpaper and carpets.Good restaurant for breakfast and dinner but nothing special.Dump the doormen in the pith helmets and settle for something more modern in style.	
Jul 31 2009 	very nice	Different from the run of the mill. Very unexpected and nice. Comfortable and with all the amenities required for a business trip.	
Jul 28 2009 	We expected more from this hotel	A hotel stay is more than a nice room and comfortable bed. We almost missed a prepaid guided city tour due to the hotel. In short, a light on the phone in the room indicated that we had a message waiting. Unfortunately the voice message system did not work. We called front desk but they assured us that there was no voice mail and we should disregard the lamp. Early next morning my cell phone rang. It was the tour operator that advised us they had changed pick up place and time and had left four messages for us. . . TV remote controls and internet access also took some extra efforts to get up and running.To us it seemed front desk and concierge functions seemed understaffed or unmotivated to attend to issues that were important for us. With good assistance from the bell captain it still worked out for us. The rooms were nice, comfortable and clean.	
Jul 25 2009 	Great place	Great location, EXTREMELY friendly and helpful staff. Lovely hotel. Rooms were very clean.	
Jul 24 2009 	One of the great stays in my travels	We arrived at this Hotel and it had been recommended we were still pleased with the great staff and really pleasant welcome. I had dealt with our reservation only over the internet and had picked a busy time for the Hotel, but still received personal attention and the Reception staff in particular were willing to take the time to get to know us.We loved the drinks in the after noon and now have friends in other countries that we met there and keep in touch with.I have now recommended this hotel to a couple of our decerning friends and it has lived up to the rap we had given it. We are again thinking of going back after our busy season here in Australia and will go no where else	
Jul 23 2009 	Excellent Hotel in every respect	Stayed here for a week in July ,and can honestly say this is one of the top hotels that we have stayed in.Everyone that works here is eager to help whenever they can.From the Bell hops on the front door, to the maids for the room cleaning and all those in between,everybody did an exceptional job.Wine tasting in the evenings was a lovely touch and the concierge was always at hand to help book tours and assist with travel arrangements.Pay the extra and go for a room overlooking the Cannery or the Piers/beach.You will not fault this hotel.	
Jul 22 2009 	Wonderful Hotel Perfect Location!	For our first trip to San Francisco I wanted to find a hotel on Fisherman's Wharf. I looked at a number of hotels and almost settled on the Holiday Inn Express when my wife read the reviews on here for the Argonaut and wanted to stay there. Let me tell you, we had a fabulous stay and wouldn't stay anywhere else the next time we're in San Francisco.Pros:1. This hotel is in a perfect location, at the end of the touristy wharf area right next to a beautiful park, Ghiradelli Square, and the start of the trolley line. Starbucks is connected to this hotel at the top of the hill. We paid extra for a water view and had a perfect view of Alcatraz (Room #347). Well worth the extra money for the view. The bed was comfy (although the pillows are much too soft), and the room was very clean. The bathroom was a decent size and again, was very clean.2. We found the staff to be extremely friendly. In particular, the bellman Steve was more than happy to give us restaurant recommendations both in SF as well as Napa. He brought our bags to the room and was also the one who loaded our car at the end of the stay and he was a pleasure each time we saw him. Very genuine.3. We were on a package which included the parking (which can cost $45/day), a full breakfast each morning, and a 3-day pass for public transportation. I recommend checking out their special on their website so you can see what specials are ongoing.4. They have free wine/sangria from 5-6 each day. Again, this is such a nice touch and we enjoyed conversing with other couples.5. The Mermaid Cafe was great for breakfast! Even though they were always busy the food came fast and was delicious (I recommend the scrambled eggs with cheese, bacon, and avocado). One morning the hostess was a little rushed and later on in the meal actually came over to apologize to us...there was no need for her to apologize so again it shows that the employees that work there are great. The next day she even called me by my name which was impressive.6. The gym is very clean and modern. It's not too big but it had what I needed (cardio machines, selection of dumbbells, some Nautilus equipment).Cons:1. Concierge needs to be beefed up. Although they were friendly and assisted us greatly it's a tough job when there's only one of them and people are in line, on the phone, etc. I recommend for them to beef up their staff there because SF is a place where there is so much to do, people always have questions. I thank the concierge for getting us Alcatraz tickets!Summary:I really enjoyed writing this review because San Fran is such a beautiful city and this hotel was as well. We stayed in a B&amp;B in Napa at the end of our trip and and B&amp;B was so awful we wished we could have gone back to the Argonaut. Take it from me, this hotel is incredible!	
Jul 22 2009 	Good Location!	My husband and I stayed here as part of our honeymoon trip in 2007. We had already spent 3 nights in Las Vegas and 7 nights in maui. We stayed here for 4 nights and were quite content with the hotel. The location was great. It wasn't a romantic hotel but mainly to sleep comfortably and enjoy the sights of San Francisco. The rooms were all decorated in a weird deco of blue and cream with stars etc - some sort of hollywood fame deco! It was very clean and comfy beds. The USA never offer breakfast with rooms so we ate out most mornings. The sour dough bread is lovely when hot with some butter. There're lots of places to eat around the hotel including some Irish pubs! The hotel was within walking distance of most places being located in Fisherman's Wharf. Trams run just around the corner so you can hop on and get to downtown and Union Square. Pier 39 is a must and definitely visit Alcatraz. Pre-book the trip to Alcatraz if you can as it is very popular and the ferry is mostly booked up. The hotel do bookings so make sure you ask as soon as you arrive to aviod disappointment. The staff at the hotel were very helpful. We could see the Golden Gate Bridge from the hotel so asked one bloke at the reception how long it would take to walk. He said about 20 minutes or so. We walked - - - it took nearly 2 hours!!! We were very tired and stopped a few times for photos etc. But it was worth it. You can take a taxi but we enjoyed the walk. Defintitely not for people who hate hilly walks. We also walked to the other side of the bridge near Sosalito and it was lovely. It was sunny unlike what was on the other side in downtown - very cloudy. Visit the old harbour accross from the hotel where you can experience being on an old boat from the 20th century and earlier. Seafood is in abundance in San Francisco so enjoy it whilst there. Crabs and clam chowder are very common and cheap and you can buy that all along Fisherman's Wharf. Make sure you visit the Boudin sourdough bakery along the road at Fisherman's Wharf! They make fantastic shapes and sizes of the bread and it's worth a look. Visit Ghirardelli Square which is very close to the hotel and eat at MCCORMICK AND KULETO'S restaurant. It's got perfect views of the bay area and the food is exceptional. I have never had so much seafood on one plate. My husband had a seafood pasta dish and there were so many large prawns etc unlike what we would get in other countries.You will most likely need a sweater as San Francisco can be quite chilly even in summer months - the clouds stay quite low most days making it cold. You can buy the San Francisco sweaters in any shop for cheap so don't worry if you forget to pack something warm. Do a day trip to the wine country (Napa &amp; Sonoma Valley) for some wine tasting. It's a great day out to see the vineyards and wineries of California. You can buy lots of cheap wine and in small bottles too. The weather outside San Francisco is lovely and hot. You will notice the difference almost immediately. We would stay at the Argonaut again if we visited San Francisco. It was clean and met our needs for a city break. The location is also very good for sight-seeing and shopping.	
Jul 11 2009 	We enjoyed our stay	We stayed over the 4th of July weekend which was perfect as our room had a view of the fireworks. Hotel staff was friendly and helpful but they need more help at the concierge desk! Room had a cute nautical theme and was very comfortable. We would stay there again. Their restaurant Blue Mermaid was average and expensive-better places nearby and in SF to eat.	
Jul 6 2009 	Can I move in permanently?	A lovely place. The nautical theme was great- though definitively not Ralph Lauren-like. Think Betsey Johnson, very colorful and funky (the animal prints bath robes &amp; socks are crazy!). The room was very clean, beds were firm but comfortable. The tube TV was okay but I guess I expected a LCD/plasma TV considering what I paid for my stay. Toiletries are Aveda (nice) but conditioner is not provided (soap, moisturizer lotion &amp; shampoo is). Us girls need conditioner- shampoo only can make hair crazy frizzy, especially @ near the coast! (take note Hotel Manager ). Rooms next to the Victorian Park are not the quietest ones… the garbage truck early in the morning is quite disturbing- especially if there are any dumpsters nearby- the metal scrrrrratching against the pavement must be terrible to those with dentures….We ate at the Blue Mermaid. Nice breakfast &amp; dinner although it has a limited menu. Won’t hurt to add a couple of items to it. Oh- and a description next to the types of Clam Chowders might be nice- there are like 4 different kinds of chowder. The girls loved the pet (goldfish in the bowl). While the hotel &amp; its rooms are 100% pet friendly the room had no indication of being previously occupied by dog owners (and their dogs). No smell- no hair. That is sign of good housekeeping. We also liked the Visitor Center of the Maritime Museum located in the same building. We took advantage of the tour provided by the Park Ranger. Way better than the hop on- hop off tours. The wine tasting hour was good although crowded (completely expected- it was the 4th July weekend). I enjoyed the wine and the girls the apple cider. I would definitively would (and hopefully will) stay again soon. Though I'd skip summer and its crowds.	
Jul 5 2009 	We would stay here again anytime!	The location of this hotel is great. The bus, street cars, &amp; F-Line are right there. All the different tour companies are easy to reach. There are so many dining options including In and Out Burger within minutes of the front door. Even the rental car companies are located just a few blocks away. We enjoyed our 7 days in San Francisco at the Argonaut Hotel.	
Jul 5 2009 	Adequate but did not meet expectations	We had very high expectations of the Argonaut - it had been recommended by a friend and we'd also recently stayed at the Solamar San Diego (another Kimpton hotel). I have to say that the Argonaut was disappointing.The staff were polite and helpful but some did not seem that sincere and on a couple of occasions they made sarcastic remarks which I think were in jest.The lobby was ok. The rooms average size but didn't rate the decor it was nothing special. Probably the worst part was the corrider to reach the room which was dark and drab. The bed/bedding was comfortable. Breakfast was nice in the Blue Mermaid although they do not offer free topups on the juice which was unusual. The second morning we walked across to Buena Vista and had breakfast which was excellent.The best aspect of this hotel is definitely its location, right next to the turning point for the cable car and right on Fishermans Wharf. Valet parking extortionate but could not find any nearby alternative.Next time would save cash and stay at the Holiday Inn. In terms of Kimpton Hotels the Solamar blows this place away - there's no comparison.	
Jun 30 2009 	Four star?	Our recent stay at the Argonaut was enjoyable. The hotel's location was excellent as it was next to the turn around for the cable car line and 2 blocks from the main wharf area. In addition the hotel's service was exceptional. The drawback was the room itself was nothing special. The bathroom was undersized and the furniture and decor was questionable. I believe the hisorical significance of the building must have been a factor in it's star rating.	
Jun 30 2009 	A Must in San Francisco!	I've always been a huge fan of the Kimpton properties, they're a little more unique in design and service and the Argonaut is no exeption! The decor is nautical but tastefully done. The front dest staff is very accomodating. The concierge gave fantastic recommendations for dinner - she knows her food! The location is a short walk from Fisherman's Wharf, which is always busy in the evenings. I highly recommend this hotel for anyone traveling to the Bay area.	
Jun 28 2009 	comfortable and unique	The Argonaut hotel has a very unique atmosphere, everything has to do something with marine. I've never been to a hotel with such strong characteristics. The staff was very nice, the rooms were absolutely clean and quiet. The only thing we didn't really like: the view to the other wall of the hotel. The other's windows are too close, we couldn't open the blinds. The Blue Mermaid restaurant has great cooks, we enjoyed every meal we had.	
Jun 27 2009 	Attention to Detail	We only got to spend one night there - the last of a 4 day trip but it really was the icing on the cake. Everything went beautifully - from the minute we pulled up to the valet till the minute he closed our doors to send us on our way. We couldn't have asked for friendlier staff and the room was so comfortable and quiet at the end of the day. The wine reception in the lobby was a nice treat too! Overall the experience was great!	
Jun 24 2009 	This was a great place	We stayed here last week and thought it was wonderful. The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful. And they seem to love having kids here. But it's not a 'kids hotel' at all. The 5pm wine hour was more suited to the grown-ups while the kids got to have cider and play Wii. The area (Fisherman's Wharf) is pretty touristy but it's a good location to get everywhere else. Cable cars, bike rentals etc. We ate one meal at one of the touristy restaurants but quickly learned to expand out perimeter and go to less $$ places. Argonaut is not cheap but it's totally worth it for a fun, relaxed, well situated vacation hotel.	
Jun 17 2009 	bad house keeping not so clean	We staid in the queen queen room for 1 week. At the time of arrival, we found some white hair on the carpet in our room. The hair was still there at the time we checked out. They did not change our sheets once during our 1 week of stay. They even did not clean the coffee drops on the desk. All they did was make beds and change towels.	
Jun 15 2009 	A great place to stay on the Wharf	We stayed at the Argonaut Hotel on Fisherman’s Wharf from June 9 – 13th and were genuinely impressed with all aspects of this accommodation. The staff was excellent and upgraded us to a Bay View room without surcharge. We really enjoyed the wine tasting hour (5 – 6PM) in which the service was top notch and the appetizers from the Blue Mermaid were great! (we don’t normally eat at the hotel restaurants, but tried this one and was favorably impressed).A great historical hotel that is not the normal “brass and glass” palace that so many of the upscale facilities have become. Very much a character hotel that was built with the recycled bricks (before this was trendy) from the 1906 fire, and used as a cannery for many years and subsequently designated as a civic historical site before being restored into the present facility. We have been to SF several times and have recently stayed downtown. After staying on the wharf on this occasion, I would strongly recommend it considering the proximity to the cable cars (right across the street), great dining (many fabulous restaurants within a short walk, Starbucks in the building!) and the accessibility to many tours and activities that tourists may be interested in. One “hidden gem” that we found were the Buena Vista Cafe located directly across from the cable cars. Definitely one of the premier pubs in the area and a great place for breakfast at a reasonable price. I would strongly recommend this hotel for all types of travelers (yes it is pet and kid friendly – the have a Wii set up for the kids during the wire hour to keep everyone occupied!) and we would stay there again given the opportunity in the future.	
Jun 12 2009 	Left Me With Bad Memories!	This review is one year late, but I guess I was trying to give the whole episode I endured a chance to somewhat recede from my memory, but it has not. If you stay here and you valet park your car, please be very careful. On the second day of my vacation last year in June 2008, we went to Muir Woods and Argonaut's valet retrieved our car. I brought my make-up bag with me to apply make-up along the way. Well, when we got back to the hotel, we went to our room and I realized I'd forgotten my camera in the car. I called and asked if I could retrieve it, but I was told I could not but they would get it for me, and they did. Later, I realized I had also left the makeup bag in the car, but, not wanting to bother them again, I decided it could wait until the next time we went out.The next morning, valet retrieved my car, and I realized the makeup bag was not in it. I thought, &quot;Wow, someone stole my makeup bag!&quot; But, I wasn't overly concerned until I remembered that I had placed my 2 carat TW diamond earrings deep in a pocket in the bag! I know, it was a dumb thing to do, but I also know that when valet is holding the door open and you have 2 small kids and jackets and souvenirs and so on to get out of the car, it is almost inevitable that you may forget something, as I did.I was extremely upset, and I contacted the manager. The police came out, a report was filed, and the hotel immediately let me know that the parking is contracted out, therefore this theft had nothing to do with the Argonaut and they were not at all responsible!! How was I to know the parking is contracted out?? I entrusted my car to the Argonaut! I put my keys in the Argonaut's hands as far as I was concerned, and I expect that if I leave something in my car, this fine, upstanding, highly ranked hotel will make sure it is there when I return. Boy was I wrong! How convienient for them!They gave me the number for an insurance company that handles the valet issues. Of course, 2 days after I filed the claim, I was sent a denial letter because they said they are not responsible for items left in the car. This was theft! I turned my keys over to the Argonaut and its' representatives, and they parked it 3 blocks away, and then tell me &quot;Too Bad.&quot; Talk about a horrible way to start a 10 day vacation! Luckily, we were moving to another hotel for the rest of the stay.The hotel was not accomodating at all. They basically washed their hands of it, gave us a $50.00 restaurant credit (which we did not use) and even charged me for the parking fees until I wrote to Kimpton's main office, and then the hotel manager called me and reversed the charges, about $200.The worse thing about it is the entire time I felt as though they thought I was a con artist, who decided to travel all this way, with 2 kids in tow, just to rip them off. I had chosen this hotel based on Tripadvisor rankings. The location is wonderful. The room was adequate. But the theft by their personnel left a bad taste in my mouth and a hole in my husband's pocket when he bought me (at his insistence) a replacement pair of earrings.I see others comment on far less serious issues with hotels, and I appreciate people taking the time out to give their opinions, so I felt it is only fair that I don't continue to keep this to myself. I'm sorry if my silence has caused this to happen to anyone else.As I said before, beware and be very careful. Luckily I was able to not let this ruin my whole trip, and we thoroughly enjoyed the beautiful city and the surrounding areas like Monterey, Carmel, and Santa Cruz. San Francisco is wonderful, and I can't wait to return one day.	
Jun 11 2009 	Enjoyable stay	Our first visit to San Francisco. Excellent hotel with friendly extremely helpful staff. My busband was ill during our stay and the staff could not have been more helpful. Extremely clean and pleasant bedroom and bathroom. Very central - a most enjoyable hotel.	
Jun 10 2009 	Great Hotel	stayed in the Argonaut at the start of our tour for two nights, Staff were professional and knowledgable, room and decor of the hotel was good. Location is great with the wharf at the front door and tour buses around the corner. We did not eat in the hotel restraurant except for our breakfast which was ok. We would definatley recommend this hotel as a good base for exploring San Fransisco. The free wine tasting is a bonus.	
Jun 9 2009 	Enjoyable but...	We rather enjoyed this hotel but I'm not sure i would bypass other options to stay here again. Loved the location and the room decor but the walls were so thin that we could hear everything going on next door. My husband had been staying there all week on business and i joined for the weekend. He had asked for a room change for the weekend, to a room with a view. I was surprised they were unable to acommodate this request since he had been there all week. Oh well. The bell hops at the entrance were terrific and always had a joke or a nice thing to say. The attached restaurant was good and the outdoor dining setting was really nice.	
Jun 8 2009 	Probably the best hotel in which I've stayed!	I can't think of very few negatives about our stay at the Argonaut. When we first got to our room, we heard a &quot;gurgling&quot; coming from the bathroom sink. It was very loud and annoying. The bellman, who brought our luggage to the room, called it in and the maintenance supervisor was at our door very quickly. He explained it was a minor problem with the room's HVAC drainage and they could fix it in a few hours. We had sightseeing to do anyway so we agreed and went out into Fisherman's Wharf. We came back a little sooner than expected and it was fixed. We spoke with the supervisor at the nightly wine reception that evening (don't miss it!) and we expressed our gratitude at his quick repair. The entire staff was happy to meet our needs and answer our many questions about the city. The concierge service is superb. The doormen always greeted us with a smile and a quick question about our days' adventure. The only minor issue we had was slow service at the Argonaut's restaurant. But, once we were served, we enjoyed a fine meal. My wife's scallops were delicious. The crab cakes are also very tasty. If you can, get a room with a view of the bay. Ours had a fantastic view with beautiful sunsets over the Golden Gate.	
Jun 7 2009 	Perfect in every way	We live in the San Francisco Bay area and decided to stay a night here to enjoy fine dining and stay in the City. We felt like we were on a mini luxury vacation. From valet parking to reception to a lovely room with a Bay view, our stay was delightful. We plan to go back and will recommend this hotel to our out of town guests. They also accomodate dogs. You'd never know. This place is so clean. We did bring our dog who slept in his crate quietly not disturbing the guests. Great location for walking in the City for people and dogs alike.	
Jun 7 2009 	Perfect hotel...........perfect location!	Spent 5 nights at this hotel and cannot wait to return. Our room was lovely, large, very clean and had the most comfortable beds! I especially loved the nautical decor.........very different than your standard hotel room, but not overdone. Also had very nice toiletries.The staff were some of the friendliest that I have encountered in a long time, and they really seemed to care if you were enjoying your stay.They have cards in the room to fill out if you would like them to print out your boarding passes which is very convenient. We were flying Southwest and they made sure to print them early enough to get us in the A section.Everything about this hotel was great and I highly recommend it and look forward to returning.	
Jun 7 2009 	Comfy hotel	The rooms were very nice in the hotel - clean, good facilities, spacious etc. Sometimes a little noisey - I dont think the walls were particularly thick!We didn't try the restaurant but it always looked full and popular.The wine tasting evenings wasn't as good as we expected - you would have though whilst in California they would have given US wines but no, we had a choice of a tasteless Italian white or red.Staff were friendly and helpful.Location was a little too far along Fisherman's Wharf, it took quite a while to walk into the city but if you're not afraid of a little walk it's not too bad.	
Jun 5 2009 	Great Location in San Francisco	Stayed in this hotel for three nights as part of a two week stay in California. Hotel located approx 10 mins walk from Fisherman's Wharf. Arrived via taxi from SFO (approx $45 excl. tip). Check in went smooth, no problems.Hotel room spotless, no complaints here. Bed was extremely comfortable.Hotel located adjacent to tram stop for easy access around San Fran.Did not eat in Hotel so cannot comment about food.Had never visited San Francisco before - Three nights was sufficient to see the majority of the major tourist sights.	
May 31 2009 	Excellent Stay don't stay anywhere else.	We had a quick getaway from Los Angeles with our 22 month old. We chose the Argonaut based upon the reviews on Tripadvisor and the hotel was perfect for us. For a family with a young child or even without children, this hotel was in a great location. Close to the tourist area of Fishermans Wharf, but just far away enough to be quiet. By far this hotel was an A++. The staff, was amazingly friendly and accommodating. The rooms are super, super clean and roomy. The manager is an amazing person who is keeping this place perfect. We will be coming back and will only stay here. Child Friendly, couple friendly, solo traveler friendly. Simply the best around!!!!	
May 28 2009 	Wonderful Experience	We had read alot of good reviews about the Argonaut Hotel, and decided to stay there for a couple of nights during our stay in San Francisco. It was absolutely wonderful. The doormen, who were dressed according to the hotel's nautical theme, were very helpful and friendly. The lobby had colorful and tasteful decor. We stayed in room 344 and everything was as it should be. We were skeptical about the space, seeing as how some people had complained that the rooms were a little too small, but for our family of four, it was perfect. We had no trouble with space at all and carried with us three suitcases (two large and one slightly smaller). The room was decorated in a nautical theme as well and was absolutely adorable. The beds are very comfortable. They even have bathrobes and socks in the closet (animal prints), and if you like them, you can buy them! I thought it was very clever and interesting. The bathroom has a large sink and nice shower. I especially liked the &quot;Forgot It? We've Got it&quot; feature. If you forgot something at home, they will go and get it for you. Some things are complimentary (straightener, curling iron, etc.) and some you only have to pay $2-$4. Overall, we loved this hotel and would HIGHLY recommend it. We will definitely be staying here again.	
May 28 2009 	The Argonaut worked for us!	We had some concerns about noise prior to arriving due to some of the previous reviews. Richard gave us a room on the 4th floor and it was definitely quiet in regards to street noise. We heard no outside noise at all. The walls of the rooms are thin however like others report. You could hear well enough to hear exactly WHAT people were saying in rooms next to you. That was sorta weird.Location was good and all the staff we had contact with were very nice. Valet parking is expensive as reported. We were shocked to discover that. I think it's the most I've ever experienced but you will find out parking is very limited in SF.Overall we enjoyed it there and I would recommend.	
May 24 2009 	Lovely hotel a nice treat!	I agree with so many of the other reviews: the rooms are lovely - and not as garish as the website makes them look - the beds are comfortable and capacious, the Blue Mermaid restaurant does fabulous breakfasts and a nice dinner, and the restaurant and check-in staff are friendly. The location is good - mercifully not right in the middle of the most horribly tacky part of Fisherman's Wharf, that's a whole block away (and is nasty). The cable cars are right next door; the trams/streetcars nearby too. We splashed out a bit, and got a room with a view of the sea, and glad we did. A late check-out was available for $50. Free internet, but the hotel charges through the nose for the shortest international toll call.Only one thing was a bit odd: on the day we were due to leave we asked the concierge whether/how we could pre-book a taxi to get to the airport. He had no idea, and seemed utterly disinterested in finding out, though I would have thought that was a very common request. We asked the doorman, who abruptly told us such a thing was not possible. Anyway, he did order a car for us from a limo firm. It was a bit strange being given funny looks for what I would have thought a routine request. On the day we arrived at the hotel, a doorman spent ages trying to flag down a taxi for someone else, and getting a bit shirty with it: so, if you need to get from the hotel to the airport - or anywhere with any degree of urgency - suss out the options early.Overall, though, I'd recommend the Argonaut very highly. Would give it 4 and a half out of 5 if I could.	
May 23 2009 	Don't stay anywhere else!!	If you are interested in staying around the Fisherman's Wharf area, this hotel is the best! From the clean, wonderful rooms and beds, great service, 5 o'clock wine tasting, best area restaurant, etc., etc. this place has it all. I will recomment it to anyone thinking of a trip to this area.Ask for a top floor bay facing room. It is mouse quiet in spite of the very active area where the hotel is located. Get down early for the wine tasing...very busy time. Just a hint for Bay visitors...DRESS WARM!! We froze until we bought jackets, scarves, and knit hats especially if you are going anywhere on a boat.	
May 23 2009 	Nice Hotel	Recently stayed 4 nights and it was a decent stay (2nd stay). Upon arrival our room had a bottle of water / fish cookie / note from staff (nice touch). The room itself was nice but dark. The walls are very thin so you can hear your neighbors. We were on the 4th floor (top floor). Some rooms even though on 2nd or 3rd floor are still street level because the hotel is on a hill so be careful if you don't want to be too close to street level. Heavy foot traffic in the area can be noisey but did not bother us. No double vanity for a suite. Valet is $45/night. Some self parks are nearby for at most $30/night. If you park for several nights without needing your car, lose your ticket and only pay the max for 1 night (self park). Valet did mess up during our stay. We had requested our car 15 minutes ahead of time but when we got downstairs, no car. We proceeded to wait another 10 minutes and still no car. When I asked the valet person what the deal was, he told me he never got a request for our car. I went inside and asked the front desk person who we spoke to, to call for our car she had no clue. Basically they blamed each other for the mistake. All the quick dials on the phones didn't work in our room. We had to call the front desk for all of our requests (valet / bell / maid service). Internet connection was VERY SLOW. Room had a nice view of the bay, roomy, clean and comfortable. Front doormen are nice as previous reviews but some ARE NOT. Free wines between 5-6pm.	
May 19 2009 	What a treat	Stayed for four nights @ 250.00/night rate. Wonderful staff, wonderful location. Clean, cute room. Staff and management friendly, smart and helpful. Adjoining restaurant, Blue Mermaid good. Pet friendly. Free wine (and good wine) 5-7 pm week nights.Highly recommend this hotel.	
May 10 2009 	Lovely hotel in great location	The location of the hotel is at the quieter end of Fisherman's wharf and the building itself is a beautiful conversion. The whole hotel hotel was immaculate. Our room was spacious and the decor not too garish as I had expected from photos! The staff were excellent and the service could not be faulted. I loved the fact that hair straighteners were included on the list of items that could be requested from the reception for free! The hotel put on a drinks reception each evening with free wine, we didn't get the chance to try it out but it seemed busy. I can't fault the hotel and would highly recommend.	
May 7 2009 	A lovely place to stay	Huge, well-furnished room. Decor works far better than I thought it might from the pictures. Evening wine-tasting also a nice touch. Good location in Fishermens' Wharf near tram and bus stops.	
May 7 2009 	Great trendy hotel	My husband and I stayed here for the first part of our honeymoon. Neither of us had been to San Francisco before, so the location of the Argonaut was extremely convenient. We could walk a couple of blocks and see so many great things about San Francisco. The rooms were clean and so unique with the exposed brick walls. The service was excellent. It was definitely one of my favorite hotels ever.	
May 4 2009 	Great location - Fab Hotel!	Great hotel right in the middle of the Fishermans Wharf area, view of Alcatraz from the front of the hotel and the old trams just to the left of the hotel, sorry nearly forgot the Ghiardelli Chocolate shop a block or two away...Location is a great base to see San Fran but beware the food/drink in this area is tourist rate so make sure the wallet is ready for a busy time.Room was a standard queen (see photo) - very quirky nautical theme but we loved it, big room with a great bed, good quality linen/pillows etc - helped with our jet lag.Bathroom was good quality, big enough for two to share and Aveda toiletries to boot, bath not quite big enough for two but perhaps in the larger rooms this is not the case.Front desk staff not the friendliest we met on out trip – a smile would not go a miss. But they did their job so no complaints here. Valets were busy chaps but again all ok...only grumble was the price...$6 more than advertised per night + sales tax so this was an expensive luxury, cheaper parking can be found if you don’t mind the lack of the valet.Food – The Blue Mermaid is a good starter, staff were great (Brain gets a special mention) as does the House Chowder – Crab and Corn...it was ‘yummy’! Other eateries in the complex are also good incl. Las Margaritas (Mexican) very good quality and spicy! Other food reccs. Pier 39 ‘Eagles Nest’ (2nd floor) fantastic breakfast, the hash/French toast combo was awesome.Trips – open bus tour, great 2 day hop on/hop off ticket (highly recommended) also the Alcatraz tour was fab too (leaves from Pier 33 I think) but beware this must be booked in advance especially during busy times.	
May 3 2009 	Excellent Service friendly staff great location elegant	I have been in this hotel in the past 4 years for business trips. Even it is far from my business meetings and can have a closer hotel, I still choose this elegant hotel. If you need to travel to downtown, walk up 1 block and take Bus#30, since Cable Car maybe too long to wait. Taxi is always a possibility. But I like to be part of the city and see how people commute and be part of the citcy for while I am there. I stayed in the hotel with my 2 kids and wife in the past 2 years. The kids loved the hotel and the goodies they could select from the kid's thresure chest at the front desk.Hotel is very clean, secure, and very elegant and offers really working free internet access (wired). This time I requested an upgrade to a better room and the manager was very friendly and accomodated my request. Again, this has been my first choice when I travel to San Francisco. Also, the hotel's restaurant has decent and very good quality food and it is celan. I ate fish sandwitch and never dissapointed.I Highly recommend this hotel.	
May 2 2009 	Convenient	We stayed one night at the Argonaut Hotel. We didn't get a room with a view, so outside the window, we saw walls. But, being on the 4th floor, it was very quiet. The room itself was nice. I especially enjoyed the showerhead. It was so good that I wrote down the model number so I can order one online. The location was great with easy access to Fisherman's Wharf and excellent restaurants. You can walk to Gary Danko and Ghirardelli Square, two of my favorite places. The only downside was the cost of valet parking. I had a car and I didn't want to park it on the street and public lots I'm not sure allow you to park overnight.	
May 1 2009 	Awesome	My husband and I stayed in this hotel from April 18-23 and then again, unexpectedly from April 27-29. There is nothing about this hotel that can be faulted. The amenities, the helpful staff, the cleanliness of the rooms and the hotel in general can only be described as first class. From the moment we walked into our room it was just lovely from start to finish. We had a Queen Queen Bay View room and when we looked out the window we could see Alcatraz. That, in itself, was really a site to behold. This would have to be San Francisco's best kept secret. I will advise all my friends that if they are travelling to this area then this is the place to stay. On our second return after missing our connecting flight and booking into this room after 2am, the staff were so helpful and sympathetic even giving us an outside view room with a view of the city. It was so nice staying here that after our second return it felt like we had gone back home. Just beautiful. Thank you to all the staff who made our stay so pleasurable!	
Apr 30 2009 	Its Excellent - the staff location and surroundings - can't fault it!	Not far from the action of Fishermans Wharf, but close enough to enjoy it without having it drummed down your throat all day, and close to the cable car - a great way to travel!Friendly, helpful staff - some of the best I've come accross in all the times I've travelled- and I'd certainly go back to stay there when I return to San Francisco . The rooms were brilliant - the free daily wine tasting a good meeting place - even apple juice for the non drinkers.... not that there were many... I've never experienced a place where all the staff excell at customer relations - but I didn't come accross one person who wasn't helpful, cheerful, and (it seemed) just happy to be working there - and it rubs off - even grumpy jet lagged brits arriving after they're long haul flights were polite!The Concierge was fantastic - we asked him to direct us to a local restauraunt that could accomodate 6 of us without a booking- he sent us to the Nan King on the financial district - if I'd read the reviews before I wouldn't have gone - but go its a wonderful place full of atmosphere ! The owner gave us menus - then decided we were new and took them off us then brought us 7 of the most delicious courses you have ever tasted - the dumplings are really something else - with beer the total was $140 all in - the cheapest meal we had in San Francisco - and we were full - so if you've not been before ignore the reviews (and the queues!) and go - admittedly we were in and out in 40 - 50 mins - but we stood in line for about 10 mins waiting for a table the queue was really growing when we left.	
Apr 28 2009 	Just Awful From Start To Finish	First let me say that I have stayed at six Kimpton properties. I what I'm saying here I told them manager when we checked out. The stay began by being ignored by the two bell men who were trying to pick up girls walking by. The women checking us in was OK. We had reserved a bay view room. When I was told it was on the second floor i asked if a room was available. She said no. The room was very small the view was of the building across the street. and the walls are paper thin. The sheets were dirty and so was the bathroom with hair in the tub. Our phone did not work. You can hear the phone ring and peoples conversation easily through the walls. I can not think of one thing good to say about our stay except that it was only for one night.	
Apr 28 2009 	Great location Best hotel on Fishermans Warf	Stayed at the Argonaut Hotel for 3 nights. We opted for a room with a view of Alcatraz Island. We were not disappointed (see photos). The hotel was located opposite the maritime museum so we could see all the old ships from our window too. The Hotel is located at Fisherman’s Warf a great spot handy to the trams, tons of places to eat in all price ranges and the usual tourist shops.There is also a place to hire bikes right next door.Did not eat at the hotels own restaurant as it was expensive, but on the opposite side of the road is a great seafood restaurant that is very reasonably priced with great staff. There is a wine reception held in the lobby for guests that was a nice idea and the wine on offer was good. The room was fairly large but the bathroom was tiny, also the walls in this hotel are very thin, as the place used to be an old warehouse so alot the walls are made of wood. The hotel is pet friendly and a lot of guests had dogs with them.The hotel has a great atmosphere and the staff are very friendly and helpfulIf we were to stay in San Francisco again we would stay at the Argonaut.We looked at most other hotels in the area and the Argonaut in our opinion was the best situated.A pleasant stayEnjoy!	
Apr 26 2009 	Romantic hotel great location	The staff at this hotel is very courteous and helpful. The room was a little smaller than other hotels, but it was charming and the beds are very comfortable. Our room had a bay view and it was very romantic to wake up to that every morning. This hotel is close to many attractions at the Wharf and the cable car turnaround is next door. My only complaints were the lukewarm water (we were told the pipes were being worked on) and the high parking cost.	
Apr 24 2009 	Wonderful hotel	Firstly, the rooms are HUGE and in comparison to many other hotels in the city practically suite sized. The decor is very nice, well suited to the nautical theme of the establishment and location along the Warf. The beds were extremely comfortable and the linens were of high quality. The toiletries in the bathroom were provided by Aveda, which offers a lovely brand of natural products. Service at the hotel was fine, I have to say, it wasn't service of an outstanding nature - but everyone was polite and accommodating. The valet parking service was a touch expensive, $43 per night, and it took a long time to get the car in the morning. They tell you when you go to collect the car that it will take about 15 minutes, which I think is a bit too long - but a minor complaint. I will certainly stay at this hotel again and recommend to my friends. Great location to walk around the Warf and go to great restaurants, bars and sightseeing options along the water.	
Apr 23 2009 	Great Hotel with fantastic service	I spent 4 nights here at the end of a trip down memory lane with my Dad. I wrote ahead and asked for a room with a view as it was his first time in California in 45 yrs (We live in Ireland). When we arrived we had a great room with a view and some complimentary wine welcoming us after a long drive from LA. The staff are friendly and thoughtful and if you like a hotel with some character and not another hotel-by-numbers, then this is for you. Locations is great for the wharf but also for the cable car and street cars to get you near Union Square. Would definitely stay again.	
Apr 21 2009 	GREAT HOTEL GREAT LOCATION VERY COMFORTABLE	Just returned from 3 glorious days in SF and stayed in the Argonaut. We had 2 connecting queen rooms on the 3rd floor and everything about them was perfect. The quality of the decor, cleanliness and quietness of the rooms ensured plenty of rest. Nice Aveda toiletries in bathrooms and the comlimentary tea/coffee facilities was a treat - which is rare for USA hotels! The Mermaid restaurant next door served wonderful breakfasts and the best French Toast ever!. Location was simply the best - overlooking Hyde Beach and just opposite the terminal for the cable car. The staff here were all very friendly and most helpful in every way - everything just went together so smoothly.In terms of near restaurants - try Cuppuros accross the road for good Italian fare but our favourite by far was SCOMAS - excellent seafood and great atmosphere and up market!. Would recommend this hotel anytime - loved it! THANKS!!	
Apr 17 2009 	Had a Wonderful Stay!	My wife and I just completed a 5 day stay at the Argonaut hotel and absolutely loved it!We stayed in a &quot;city view&quot; room which overlooked a neighboring courtyard area. During the day we were actually serenaded by musicians! The hotel room was comfortable, large, modern, smartly decorated and very clean. We also enjoyed the nightly social hour, met lots of very nice people and shared many stories over a glass of wine.The staff was first rate- always smiling, friendly and never let us walk by without greeting us.I travel moderately for business and as a result have stayed in my fair share of hotels. This is a first rate hotel which will exceed your expectations!I would highly recommend this hotel to others.	
Apr 17 2009 	Great location just on the outskirts of the touristy area.	This hotel is in a great location because you're right at the edge of the tourist area, but close enough to walk just about anywhere. The hotel is very nice with a nautical decor. The rooms were very clean and large with cozy beds and high quality linens. There was also free internet service. I am very picky about the cleanliness of hotels and I would give it 5 stars, the room smelled fresh and clean and was in perfect condition. Now the biggest downfall of this hotel is the noise. We could hear the people talking in the room next door and we didn't need to turn on our TV because we could hear theirs perfectly. I would say the walls are very thin! Another problem we were on the 3rd floor and had kids running back and forth above us until midnight. When we complained the front desk sent security to the room and the noise stopped shortly thereafter. Finally we thought we had peace and quiet and we started hearing rap music and a loud bass (boom! boom!). It was outside our window which faced the side street. We called the front desk again and they told us they couldn't do anything about it and we should call the Police. Well, not the answer I wanted to hear. I told them I wasn't going to pay for my room and would speak to the manager in the morning. The phone rang about 15 minutes later and they had sent security outside to find the cause of the boom! boom! and found it was a car parked on the street. They finally did call the police and the noise was gone, but it was about 1am and needless to say we had a terrible nights sleep. The next day the manager who was very nice offered us a room on the 4th floor (top floor) with a view of the bay. We moved there and it was very quiet and had a much more enjoyable stay. The staff were very friendly although they didn't have a concierge and when asked for a restaurant suggestion from the front desk they were not knowledgeable at all. The most helpful, friendly and knowledgeable person was the doorman. Not sure what his name is, but he was wonderful and offered great advice as to where to go and what to do. You are right by Fisherman's Wharf, Ghiradelli Square, Pier 39, cablecar turnaround and can walk just about anywhere from this location. We actually took the cablecar to Chinatown and walked back to the hotel. It's a great area to rent bikes and ride to the Golden Gate Bridge. I would recommend this hotel, but stay on the 4th floor if you want a peaceful nights sleep!	
Apr 14 2009 	Loud in Tourist area	It wasn’t the most expensive hotel, but I still had some better options that would have probably better suited my girlfriend and I. Just wanted to switch up the hotel location, from the financial district/union square area to some water, but from the guy playing the drums across the street, kids screaming next door, and kids doing back flips above us I would have preferred something less family/touristy and gone with a slightly more mature scene. They did give me some free wine in the Lobby probably to numb out the kids yelling. Pros were view of Alcatraz, price was fair, being a tourist is fun for at least 1 hour and there is a fair amount of T-shirt shops, tours and Dungeness crab places. Cons are Nautical theme might drive you insane if you take any psychedelic drugs, loud, and Tourist Traps are heavy in numbers. Next time going to stay away from this area.	
Apr 14 2009 	Argonaut - perfect for our family!	I have been working as a travel documentary producer for the last 10 years, and have stayed at my share of international hotels. However, the service level that the Argonaut displayed when our family of four turned up this April, blew me away. From we entered the hotel, everything was all &quot;YES, WE WILL TAKE CARE OF THAT&quot;. And unlike some posh 5-star hotels I have been to, there was absolutely NO stiff upper lip. The room (no.444) were beautiful, and more than big enough for the family. It also had a great view of the Golden Gate Bridge. The free wine tasting in the lobby between 5pm and 6pm was a brilliant move, as it made it easy and natural for the guests to mingle and meet in a totaly relaxing environment. The location is excellent, with a very short walk to all kinds of public transport, and on the fringe of the tourist area. This makes it easy to avoid the VERY touristy areas, but at the same time, it gives you access to the plus sides of the location. If you plan to stay in San Francisco, I can recommend the Argonaut with all my heart, a superb and perfect establishment that are closer to 5 than 4 stars.	
Apr 11 2009 	Everything we hoped for!	We wanted to meet with family, be comfortable/quiet and see the Bay. We had a tremendous stay that met and exceeded all our criterion. Every staff person was very friendly and helpful - especially John the Doorman. Our room was gorgeous, on the top floor with a Bay view. It was very roomy and we enjoyed the nautical theme. The shutters kept out the light at night. This part of the wharf was very quiet - no outside or inside noise. The bed was very comfortable too! The location allowed us to walk around and see a lot. Very enjoyable - we will return!	
Apr 9 2009 	Great SF find would stay here again	I grew up in the SF Bay Area so have stayed in the city many times. My teenage daughter and I wanted to make a quick trip to the city over spring break and I found an incredible rate for the Argonaut on Expedia so decided to go for it. We stayed just for one night on April 6, 2009. As other reviews have mentioned, the staff was excellent. I left my cell phone in my car after the valet had taken it to park, and the phone was back at the bell desk in 10 minutes. There were a lot of kids at the hotel (spring break) and the family above us had kids stomping around. I called the operator to ask if they could contact the room and the noised stopped within five minutes. The rest of the experience was great, the hotel was overall very quiet especially compared to many of the hotels around Union Square where you hear garbage trucks in the middle of the night. The ONLY downside was that there wasn't any water (filtered or otherwise) in the workout room...and most hotels of this caliber provide that. Otherwise, would not hesitate to stay here again!	
Apr 8 2009 	Nice hotel and location THIN WALLS	Good hotel with very comfortable bed and stellar location, especially for families. Loved the decor, the wine tasting, and proximity to running and bike paths as well as the cable cars and other main transportation lines. BUT the walls are like paper. I was staying with my teenaged daughter and we were woken every morning (and once in the middle of the night) by our amorous neighbors. On the other side was a family with young children..also very loud. They really weren't that loud but we could hear EVERYTHING! So I can only hesitantly recommend the hotel as it is hard for management to guarantee a quiet room.	
Apr 5 2009 	A great place to stay	Like other reviewers, I did a lot of searching before booking Hotel Argonaut from March 18 - 21. I favoured a hotel near Union Square but my partner wanted to be near the water. Many years ago we'd stayed at Fisherman's Wharf but figured Hotel Argonaut was far enough away from the tourist &quot;tackiness&quot;.Got what we thought was a good price on expedia.com for a 4 * SF hotel. Just missed out on a Deluxe King Room so booked the Standard King. We needed somewhere really comfortable after a long haul flight and we were not disappointed.Arriving late morning and being warmly greeted by John the Doorman (what's nautical about a pith helmet??) and Kevin the Porter, we were pleased to find our room was ready. The desk clerk allocated us &quot;a quiet room on the top floor&quot; and it certainly was.The room was bigger than expected and comfortably furnished. Bathroom was a good size with lovely Aveda toiletries.All staff with whom we dealt were friendly and helpful. The evening Doorman (sorry, don't remember his name) suggested an Italian restaurant nearby which was delightful and the food delicious.I'm sorry travelrunner had such a bad experience only a few days before us. Hotel Argonaut was everything we hoped for and more. Our room was blissfuly quiet (unlike if we'd stayed at Union Square!), the bed super comfortable and it was a most convenient location.	
Apr 3 2009 	Fun hotel	We stayed here for a week and had a fantastic stay.The beds and pillows are extremely soft and comfortable, the rooms spotlessly clean and well decorated, with a well stocked mini bar, TV, DVD and games console. A really nice touch is the wine hour.Bur best of all are the staff, they are great and the doormen Steve, Kevin, Brett and the others whose names we didn't get, are worth a special mention, you couldn't get better. We also want to thank Jose for topping up our wine glasses, thanks very much.Excellent hotel and well positioned to see SF.	
Mar 30 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	After a lot of research we opted for this hotel and believe me we were not disappointed! It is billed as a boutique hotel and certainly is.Excellent theming, polite and corteous staff, great size room with good amenities (inc. starbucks filter coffee!). Great location for visiting the sights and to get around from. Our very large room overlooked the courtyard to the left side of the hotel and on a couple of occasions we were even treated to music from said courtyard - very pleasant. Had a couple of breakfasts in the hotel and they were ok but there are so many choices around that is not a problem.No hesitation in recommending.	
Mar 29 2009 	We will be back for sure!	We just spent 3 nights at the Argonaut and loved everything about it. My husband, myself and a 17 year old and 13 year old were in a room with 2 queen beds and there was plenty of room. We loved the brick and the wood beams in the room-it was completely different from any other hotel we had stayed in. The bathroom wasn't huge but it was adequate and the shower had great pressure. Liked the Aveda bath products. Only negative about the room itself is that you could hear the kids on the floor above us running around in the early morning. People in the elevator were commenting on that as well. As far as the staff goes, we really enjoyed the bellmen, especially Ernie and Kevin, who went out of their way to be nice to us each time we walked thru the lobby. My husband and I enjoyed the wine hour and so did lots of other people.The best thing was the location of the hotel. Hyde street pier is across the street, the Hyde street cable car is right next door as is Buena Vista (where we enjoyed an Irish coffee)Ghiradelli Square is close and Fisherman's Wharf is just a short walk away. We enjoyed the Ben and Jerry's on the the property and In N Out Burger which is on the next block. We also rented bikes from Blazing Saddles (on the property as well) and biked over the Golden Gate bridge. We will stay here again on our next visit to San Francisco. The only thing the hotel needed in my kids eyes was a pool, but there is so much to do in S.F. who needs it.	
Mar 23 2009 	Great stay	My partner and I stayed here for 3 nights in the first leg of our 3 city tour. The staff, especially the doormen was exceptional - helpful, patient and informative. Our standard room was a good size. The marine themed decor is a nice touch with a huge circular mirror that my partner loved. The complimentary evening wine tasting in front of the open fire place was most enjoyable. The hotel is placed in a good location not in the middle of the hustle and bustle but close enough to the action. Pier 39 is a short walk away as well Ghirardelli Square and the tram stop for Union Square. Try and check out the &quot;Dirty Martini&quot; a wine bar come night club, which is located around the corner.The downside was the view from our room - windows of the other rooms in the hotel. I was not too concerned by this because we were only staying for a short time and did not spend much time in the room.	
Mar 21 2009 	Comfortable and fun launching point for exploring San Francisco	My wife and I spent five nights here with our two teenage daughters. While it is true that the Argonaut is in the tourist area, it is on the far west end and just away from the concentration of T-shirt shops and junky stores but still within walking distance of the meeting points for tours and cruises. The hotel has a great location adjacent to the National Park, historic ships, a beautiful waterfront park and views of the bay. One of the great things about the location is the proximity to the cable car turnaround (a few steps), the F Line electric trolley (two blocks), and the number 30 bus (two streets south) that goes from the Marina neighborhood, through North Beach (Italian), past Chinatown and on to the Union Square area. I think we got a better feel for the city by staying here and using various forms public transportation which took us through many different neighborhoods and parts of town. (I highly recommend a multi-day muni pass which covers all public transportation.) Our first room was above the restaurant and we could hear the restaurant music. When I complained, we were immediately moved to another room which we found to be very quiet and comfortable for the week. The staff were all friendly and helpful - we encountered no bad attitudes. My wife and I agreed that we would come back to the Argonaut even if we were coming without the kids. We did not use the hotel restaurant or room service.	
Mar 21 2009 	Great choice	Great hotel, Clean, large rooms, get one facing Golden gate bridge and cable car turn around. Staff very helpful and friendly. PERFECT location, cable car out your door, bus one block away another cable car 4 blocks away, trolley line two blocks away. Get a muni pass. Stay for three nights March 16 - 19th could not have been better ,	
Mar 21 2009 	Great Hotel- will definitely stay again	We had a great two night stay in Dec 2008. Hotel staff were very accomodating with our 18 month old- providing a cot, toy and stroller for him. The staff were friendly and upbeat. Our room was also upgraded. Our only dissappointment was the food at the downstairs restaurant- way too expensive and did not meet expectations.	
Mar 15 2009 	Nice hotel but...	As other reviews have said, the hotel is very loud. We stayed in room 240 over St Patricks Day weekend, so perhaps it isn't always so noisy. The people above us were stomping around all night. A man in the hall was screaming obscenities. I needed to wake at 5:30am for a race. Because of the noise I didn't sleep even though the beds were very comfortable. The hotel is beautiful &amp; fun, but I probably would not chose to stay there again because it is so loud.	
Mar 15 2009 	Great Rooms with Exceptional Service	My girlfriend and I stayed here in November 2007. The rooms were great. The room was a tad small but the bathrooms were very nice. Our room was very clean. The entire staff was exceptional. The staff was always willing to go that extra mile or bend over backwards for you. I highly recommend.	
Mar 15 2009 	Excellent hotel	We can thoroughly recommend the Argonaut Hotel and would stay there again. We booked a room for 5 nights in Feb en route from the UK to a ski trip in Utah. We had requested a quiet room in advance and were pleased to be situated away from the elevators towards the end of a corridor. The view was an internal courtyard but that did not matter as being quiet was the most important feature for us. We too enjoyed the 5pm wine reception as it helped break the ice to chat to other travellers around the welcoming fire in reception.We found the location to be excellent at the end of the Powell -Hyde cable car for which we had free rides because we had purchased the City Pass. This is well worth the $59 cost for entrance to several museums including Alcatraz as well as unlimited public transport for a week.All staff were welcoming and helpful especially the manager who had responded promptly to direct advance emails seeking advice re transfers etc.	
Mar 11 2009 	Great Stay.	Sometimes when a hotel stay goes well there is simply not much to say. The staff and management at the Argonaut are doing a great job at making the hotel a confortable place to stay. The evening wine tastings in the lobby are a great extra and a good way to connect with other guests. We stayed at the Argonaut for 3 nights and found it to be very clean and quiet. The location can't be beat and even if you take some time and get away from the tourist area interesting places are just a quick taxi ride away.We would highly recommend the Argonaut to others.	
Mar 10 2009 	Great rooms helpful and efficient staff fantastic city	Five of us stayed here for 3 days in February, we had booked a double room (for my husband and myself) and a triple room (our daughter and her partner and our son). We arrived at reception after a 10 hour flight from the UK and we were impressed immediately, checking-in took about 2 mins and we were presented with vouchers to have continental breakfast during our stay (my husband had seen this on the hotels website but thought it was only for people who had booked directly with the hotel, therefore we were pleasantly surprised to find out that everyone staying at the hotel during February was given these vouchers).Our room was lovely and large and had everything you could think of from i-pod docking station to coffee maker. I realised I had left my straighteners at home therefore telephoned reception to ask if they had any, and within 10 mins a set had been delivered to our room for me to use the whole time during our stay - fantastic service. The triple room was not as roomy as ours as it had two queen sized beds in it but was ample for three people. We had a courtyard view and though not great didn't bother us as we planned to be out sightseeing most of the time we were there.After a long day sightseeing it was a pleasure to get back to the room and the beds were so comfortable (every hotel we stayed at during our stay in the states had such comfortable beds) could have slept in late in the mornings.Continental breakfast in the UK is usually a croissant and some coffee with maybe a fruit juice, not at the Argonaut. We had a choice of fruit juice and either a muffin, croissant or toast, three of us went for the toast and two went for the croissant. When the food arrived it was delicious and we had a fruit bowl each of fresh fruit which was so tasty and four slices of toast with a pot of butter and jam, and the croissants were huge. We had planned to have our continental breakfast and then eat something a bit more substantial later, but no need this really set us up for the day.At 6pm there was wine tasting in the lounge, we only managed to get there one night but it was lovely and a fantastic way to start off your evening.The staff at the hotel were really helpful from the reception staff to the concierge to John the doorman who managed to pack five large suitcases into a 4x4 in about 2 minutes(took us half an hour to do it when we were left to do it ourselves!!!).The Argonaut is situated right on Fishermans Wharf which was just where we wanted to be, the cable car terminus was just across the street and some really nice bars and restaurants along the road by the hotel. If you prefer shopping then a hotel in or near Union Square would be better for you.San Francisco is a beautiful city and the people were so friendly and helpful we were sad to leave after our three days and all said if (and when) we return to S.F. would definitely stay at the Argonaut again.	
Mar 4 2009 	Terrific experience	I attended a conference at The Argonaut and stayed at the hotel as well. They do stretch the nautical theme as far as humanly possible, but the staff and service are great. Large rooms, some with a great view of the bay and convenient to the SF wharf area. You do need to take a cab or public transportation if you want to go to downtown restaurants, but the concierge and doormen are very helpful in getting you transportation.	
Mar 3 2009 	Great location beautiful hotel...	We had 2 full days in San Francisco. Three nights staying at the hotel. The hotel was very well kept, spotless in fact, and the nautical theme/design was very pleasing to the eye, very endearing. We required hotel service soon after arriving, since I had forgotten to bring the key to unlock our luggage. Within a few minutes of the call to reception a maintence guy had come to help us out. Very prompt service! The room we had was spacious, king bed (no views - but we chose to have a king bed instead of a view, since we would be outside sightseeing anyway). The location is great to access everything you need for activities... start of the cable car line is a block away (never heard the bell ringing from our room), The other public transport line (F line) is also only a couple of blocks away. Pier 39 is about a 10-15 min walk away, but it's a pleasant stroll to take in the sights and shops. Bicycle hire had a shopfront right next door to the Argonaut, aswell as another one a block away - great since we decided last minute that we would bike to the Golden Gate bridge on one of the days. The hotel restaurant - Blue Mermaid - had a very tasty crab &amp; corn chowder, and we ordered room service on our final night due to our busy day schedule... again the food was from the Blue Mermaid - it was a great meal. We were too busy out-and-about to take advantage of the daily free wine hour the hotel offers from 5-6pm. But that's a nice touch too and we would have indulged, had we the time. We enjoyed our stay in SF and the quiet retreat of the beautiful hotel room made it so enjoyable to relax in after a busy day sight-seeing. I highly recommend this Hotel for your stay in SF.	
Mar 1 2009 	Novelty style fun for first time visiting San Francisco but very expensive and overrated.	We stayed at the Argonaut Hotel during the last week of February 09 for a family vacation. My boys, ages 8 &amp; 11, wanted to see the Golden Gate Bridge, so I watched Expedia for a deal on plane tickets &amp; hotel accomodations until this trip combination came up at a special price. It seemed like it would be a great overall value for us. I had read lots of great reviews about the Argonaut Hotel, so I figured as long as I got a great price on the trip, we'd certainly have a great time there, as well.We booked a queen/queen room with a view of the bridge. Be warned--it's quite some distance away, so don't plan on any great photos from the room--we couldn't even see it sometimes, because of the fog. The room seemed really small to me--not enough tables or surfaces, and the 4 of us were stumbling all over each other the whole time we were there. It's definitely smaller than a comparable room at a regular chain hotel room. The bathroom doesn't even lock--it just has a pocket door, and there's no exhaust fan in there, either. The shower was great, though, so I'll let that part make up for the rest.Ok, so it's a boutique hotel, and the rooms aren't going to be the same. Well, for the amount of money we spent on this room, I would have hoped to at least get a pastry or a muffin in the morning, but alas, even a cold continental breakfast costs extra here, and I mean ~plenty~ extra. Be prepared to leave the hotel if you want to get any food for even a halfway reasonable price. We got in too late the first night to get dinner anywhere around there, so we had to order room service or else starve...two pathetic chicken &amp; cheese quesadillas that cost us nearly $30. Not a good way to start our stay. The staff is nice enough, and willing to direct you to other places to get less expensive meals than what they offer there.I also didn't find this location to be as convenient to the amenities of Fisherman's Wharf as I had hoped it would be, either. Everything we wanted to do was several blocks away, further down Jefferson Street and closer to Pier 39, for example. Getting to the pier for Alcatraz Cruises was an exceptionally long haul. I suppose it all depends on what you're looking to do while you're here. If I had it to do all over again, I would spend my money on a better location and food rather than all this novelty and hype, because it just really wasn't worth it to us.	
Feb 28 2009 	Great location and unique decor	Stayed in a King Deluxe room overlooking the Cannery Park. Got a great rate through Travelzoo.Loved our stay...especially biking across the Golden Gate Bridge and beyond to Sausalito and Tiburon...then back to SF by ferry! Then we got massages by Susanne on Beach Street (much better deal than the hotel...$75 for an hour) The staff was very nice at the hotel..my only issue was when we asked about how to get to the airport by public transportation. The staff kept pressuring us to take a taxi or a shuttle instead of the BART. In the end we found our way and while it took a bit longer we saved some money and had a bit of an adventure....we spent the money we saved on lunch! Great hotel and we would definitely return. It is on Fisherman's Wharf but not in the middle of the most touristy area. It is off at one end and next door to the cable car. They even had Ben and Jerry's and Starbuck's in the building making both of us happy :)Highly recommend this hotel!	
Feb 25 2009 	Highly recommend this hotel	My 13 year old daughter and I stayed at the Argonaut for 3 nights in mid-February. Having booked a package trip through Expedia less than a week before the trip (but chosing the Argonaut based on tripadvisor reviews) I did not necessarily expect a great view or prime room. We were thrilled by a room with views of the Bay and Golden Gate Bridge, the cable car terminal and the Ghirardelli building. The room was one of the cutest hotel rooms I have ever seen, in addition to be clean, quiet and comfortable. We were on the second floor, but were not bothered by any outside noise durning the night or early morning. Hotel staff responded quickly to deliver some toiletry items we had forgotten. My daughter's only complaint was the lack of wireless internet connection in the rooms, but she survived with the wired connection. I found the hotel a wonderful respite from the touristy Fisherman's Wharf area. We will definitely stay here again.	
Feb 21 2009 	Great staff	The Argonaut staff is top notch. From Donovan the bell captain to the maintence guy that fixed a small problem in the room, all are very profesional and exceptionally friendly. The building is pretty cool - the timber shell and brick facade are from an old cannery. The rooms are nice and exceptionally quiet for an urban hotel. The hotel is conveniently located adjacent to the trolley line, Fisherman's Wharf, and Ghiradelli Square. We've stayed here twice and will surely do so again.	
Feb 20 2009 	Great themed hotel	This hotel is nautical through and through, it makes a great boutique hotel. Staff are very friendly and helpful, really made you feel welcome. Rooms are well equipped and quite, with a continuation of the nautical theme. The breakfast are great with a relaxing outside terrace, the service can be a little slow, but you can happily relax and let the world go by. Location wise its 2 minutes walk to the beach on fisherman’s wharf, and even closer to the tram stop to union square. Fisherman’s Wharf is very touristy so might not be for everybody, but San Francisco is a really relaxing city to visit so well worth a trip.	
Feb 19 2009 	Great location and excellent staff	I loved the maritime theme throughout the hotel. The room was much larger than I expected and the bed was very comfortable and the shower was great. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The hotel had a complimentary wine tasting in the evening. I was on the street level with a window on the street. While I sleep through everything, others may not be able to so request a higher or inner room.	
Feb 19 2009 	Loved the Argonaut - will definitely stay again!	We LOVED this hotel! The location was perfect near Fisherman's Wharf. The rooms were so clean and cozy. We are planning a return trip and will definitely choose the Argonaut again! The satff was very accomodating, helpful and friendly!	
Feb 18 2009 	Perfect hotel for the SF wharf exprience	This hotel was exceptional for the wharf experience. It was centrally located and within walking distance from the piers. The staff was helpful and friendly, and there was always someone available to answer questions. The ambience was warm and cozy. The wine reception was an added touch of class. Wewould definitely stay again.	
Feb 17 2009 	Loved It - Again	The rooms were pretty pricy (and they do charge an extra $39/day to park, which I think stinks), the rooms are great &amp; the staff was polite &amp; accomodating.We stayed @ the Argonaut twice. Both times we put in a request to be upgraded to a bay view room if it was available @ check in. Both times we were upgraded &amp; it was worth it.The area is busy, so stay on a high floor if you can - both times we were on 4.The room is cute, if not a bit over the top with the nautical theme. It's a bit pricey, but I guess that's what you get for staying on the Wharf.The room had a good size tv and a DVD player - bonus as we fly with the portable DVD now &amp; often have movies with us.	
Feb 16 2009 	We loved the Argonaut!	My fiance and I stayed at the Argonaut for 3 nights in October 2008 ~this was the tail end of our trip, having started off in Vegas, then drove to Santa Barbara, eventually winding our way up to SF. We chose the Argonaut based on TripAdvisor reviews, and we were not disappointed! Have stayed at other Kimpton hotels, and the Argonaut by far lived up to our expectations. The price was a splurge, but no regrets here.Because of our recent engagement, we received a complimentary bottle of wine upon our arrival, which was a very special touch. We had a king room with gorgeous view of the Golden Gate Bridge. The room, including bathroom and closet, was very spacious and comfortable. Loved that we could open the window for some fresh air. Overall, the hotel was immaculate and the service was excellent. We chose a package where breakfast and valet parking was included, which I strongly recommend. This was my first time in SF, and found the hotel location to be a perfect hub for sightseeing and dining. It was easy to take public transportation (or walk) to other neighborhoods for shopping or dining, but wonderful to come back to wharf area. Also easy and quick to take a drive across the bridge to explore places like Sausalito and Muir Woods.The only single downfall (unrelated to the Argonaut itself) was the fact that it was 'Fleet Week' (which we didn't realize when we booked the reservation)! I hated the loud noise from the jets, but luckily we were leaving town just before the crowds got too bad.	
Feb 14 2009	Best at the Wharf	As a native San Franciscan, I am obligated to return on occasion to visit my family or, unfortunately, pay my last respects to the aging survivors. Therefore, a comfortable hotel is mandatory in order to provide me with a respite from the anxiety of required family meetings.Fishermen's Wharf is my favorite location in SF because it has a light-hearted atmosphere due to the tourist traffic, which can be annoying if you want to stay away from the crowds. Of course the location is also at the nexus of one of SF's most scenic spots. The Argonaut is by far the best hotel in the Wharf area. Pay extra to stay in a room that faces the bay, which includes (when not foggy) a spectacular view of the Golden Gate Bridge and Alcatraz (choose the highest floor in this 4 story building). Rooms facing north look directly onto the terminal point for the fabled cable car line, and you also can peak at Ghiradelli Square, home of the chocolate candy factory.As a boutique hotel, you enjoy the amenities of excellent service and personal attention. Everyone is helpful. Try the Blue Mermaid for meals. It has a nice-size bar too. Take an early morning walk to the pier and see the hoard of barking sea lions that give SF Bay such a unique feel.It is always a pleasure to return to the Argonaut when tired and in need of comfort and pampering.	
Feb 9 2009 	Loved the Hotel Great Staff	The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. They were great with our kids, and treated our family very nicely. The room we stayed in was large and was comfortable for four people. There is complimentary wine tasting every evening, and a nice museum on site. We had an outside room near the Del Monte cannery and it was a little loud Saturday night. There is a bar nearby and we heard people laughing and carrying on until 1:00 or 2:00 AM. This was not the hotel's fault, and did not reflect negatively on the hotel. The location is great and is within walking distance to all the attractions around Fisherman's Wharf. We had a great time.	
Feb 4 2009 	So Excited!	I made a reservation at this hotel for March and have had to call back on three separate occasions. Every time I have called, the representative has exceeded any expectations that I have had for this property. They figured out ways to save me money ( I used the saving to get a better view!), listed great things to do with the kids, and offered special accommodations for them (goldfish in the room.. so cute!) We have a big vacation planned coming up, and this is only one of our stops, but I can definitely say that I am most excited for this stay! It is the kids' first time in SanFrancisco and I am sure that this hotel will compliment our stay perfectly. We normally don't participate in the hotel's activities, such as the evening reception, but we have specifically set up nap time around the events, since the agent assured me that the kids are more than welcome to attend!The reason why I am posting this so early is because I know how difficult it is to find decent customer service from a hotel. I am a travel agent and have to work with them all day. I have already recommended this hotel to a number of my clients just for the simple fact that if I need to talk to them, I will be speaking with someone who is kind, professional, and efficient.I am just so excited for my stay, I will write more when we get back!	
Feb 4 2009 	Great hotel enjoyed my stay	The hotel is located in a tourist area, but convenient nonetheless. Great views of the bay and Golden Gate Bridge. Staff are also excellent. Rooms are well furnished and comfortable. I would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 4 2009 	good location for sight seeing	hotel itself was nice enough, was dissapointed with the room as we were on honeymoon and our view from the room was a brickwall. Our agent 'Travelbag' stiched us up a bit to be honest, but the hotyel were unwilling to compromise on the room.....which i was surprised at to be honest. as i had written documentation regarding our room allocation. the reception staff just looked at me like i was from another planet.as mentioned room we had was fine (apart from view....clean...comfortable etc etc.the hotel itself is situated ideally for sightseeing as its easy to get into the centre using trams, easy to get around to see alcatraz, and good for cycling to places of intrest and across the bridge. all in all recommended. my only gripe was the room and unwillingness to move us (tw*ts)oh yeah.......the cocierge was a complete muppet as well, every bit of information given was wrong.......last thing....if your looking for culture on your visit then ths otel is not for you.....stay somewhere more central	
Jan 31 2009 	Great place	Five nights with a 12 and 4 year old. Worried about living on top of each other. Needn't have worried. The room was big so we had room to move. The location was great, around the corner from the cable car, a short walk to all the sights of Fisherman's Walk and in the same building as the bicycle rental. The staff were friendly and extremely helpful and the evening complimentary wine was a nice way to relax (on the two times we were back from sightseeing in time to take advantage of it).What more to say. Great stay	
Jan 28 2009 	Great Staff nice hotel	We held a conference here and the meeting room was one of the best we have had. My room was great! Large, with a nice view of the water and Golden Gate bridge, some of my co-workers weren't so lucky, their rooms were much smaller with a &quot;view&quot; of other guest's windows, so make sure to get an outside room. Also, we didn't hear a peep from our neighbors, but some of my co-workers complained that the walls were paper thin - ? The staff definitely makes the difference, everyone was helpful, cheerful and welcoming.	
Jan 28 2009 	Loooveeed It!	I really loved this hotel! You cannot beat the location! It's close to everything. My friends and I just returned from a trip to San Francisco and the Argonaut made our stay very enjoyable. . The room is nice and spacious.. The bathroom was huge. We had a great view of Gharahdelli Square, part of the bay and the cable care below. The hotel was across the street from the cable cars turnaround which made trip to Union Square a breeze. The staff was very nice (Mason and Sami) and the doorman as well (Donavon). The best part...the free wine hour at 5 pm. A nice start to your night of fun! I will definitely stay at the Argonaut again. Excellent hotel!	
Jan 28 2009 	Views of the Bay and free wine!	We were on a road trip and stayed in San Fran for a few days, in Fisherman's Wharf.We picked the Argonaut Hotel because it had lovely views and we love sailing as well, so it was nautically-themed. The room that we picked was a Double Queen with Bay views, and was lovely, roomy and comfortable, though it was a bit pricey, at $130 per night, and didn't include breakfast.The concierge was really helpful and reserved us tickets to see Alcatraz (which was awesome), and the front desk was lovely. There was a free wine party every evening, which was a great end to the day.I did, however find it strange that when I asked a girl who worked there where the best seafood was that WASN'T touristy, something where the locals eat, she told me &quot;ooh,yes. Bubblegum. Definitely Bubblegum.&quot;So, we went where she told us to, and ended up in the middle of tourist-hell in front of Bubba Gump Shrimp Co. Uhhh... NOT Bubblegum, but BUBBAGUMP. What?! Yeah, we promptly turned on our heels and left. Whenever we travel we definitely steer clear of places like that and just try and eat where the residents eat. So we walked for a while and finally found a place that looked half-decent called Tarantino's. Better than nothing, I guess. The breakfast in the hotel was fantastic- but I think $12 for 2 eggs with bacon and toast and hash browns is a bit much. So, great place, interesting location, but I wouldn't exactly stay in Fisherman's Wharf again- way too touristy and the restaurant selection is pretty grim (other than the In-n-Out Burger- those are ADDICTIVE!!).	
Jan 28 2009	Great stay at the Argonaut	My family stayed for 2 nights in December, Staff were courteous and helpful on arrival and throughout our stay. Our room had 2 Queen size beds with a view of the Golden Gate Bridge in the distance. The room seemed much larger than it had in the photos and was sparklingly clean. There was some noise from guests in another room but surprisingly little from the street at night.The location of the hotel is great. It is close enough to all the attractions of Fisherman's Wharf without excessive noise or crowds. Very much the nice end of the area - with historic boats across the road, and a small but interesting little maritime museum adjacent. It took us 15 minutes to walk to Pier 39, and we went into the heart of the city via the cable car (terminal to the side of the hotel). We ate breakfast at the restaurant which was good - perhaps a little pricey. Can't comment on the evening meal because we didn't eat there - but the menu looked good. There are lots of restaurants nearby and we had decent meals at them.We liked the free wine and soft drinks for kids served around 5.00pm in the hotel lounge. Staff were really helpful when we needed taxis, help with moving or storing bags etc. As in the rest of the US, tips are exepected, but staff always thanked us as thought they weren't. A really nice note was that a few weeks later we went back to the hotel to see if we ahd left a child's toy in the room. The receptionist did his best to find out and when the search proved negative gave us complimentary drinks. We would definitely go back to the Argonaut next time we visit the city .	
Jan 27 2009 	Great Hotel	I booked the Hotel quite early &amp; received a fantastic deal. The Hotel is very clean, the rooms are extremely spacious, room facilities are very good (nice sized bathroom, reasonable cupboard &amp; drawer space, huge bed etc &amp; coffee machine with Starbucks coffee - stayed 1 night in Four Seasons &amp; did not get coffee making facilities!).Upon arrival we were greeted curteously &amp; professionaly &amp; check-in was very quick. The concierge was extremely helpful, as were the reception staff.Overall I would thoroughly reccommend this Hotel to anyone.	
Jan 27 2009 	Absolutely Loved the Argonaut!	What a fantastic hotel! We stayed here for 5 nights in November. I booked the Argonaut based on reviews. The hotel is in a great location, has beautiful rooms, a good restaurant and the most helpful staff ever. I would most definitely stay here again and would certainly recommend it to anyone who is travelling to San Francisco. There is daily wine tasting which is great for people watching and chilling out after a hard days sightseeing. The concierge could not do enough for us as we needed to book a car, book tickets to Alcaztraz, etc... Just the most amazing hotel!	
Jan 26 2009 	Great Hotel- Great Location	My wife and I stayed here for an extended weekend and the hotel was great. The rooms are just like the pictures on the website. Roomy, clean, and quite. The staff was amazing, everyone from the doorman to the maid were friendly and egar to help with any needs. They provided Excellent service!!!The wine reception at night is a nice bonus.........The location is fantastic as well. Within steps of all the attractions / restaurants of fisherman's wharf. Within steps to the quite sides of town for non-tourist restaurants. And, Within steps of the trolley for ventures elsewhere.	
Jan 26 2009 	Great location true San Fransico Hotel	My honeymoon was the first time visiting San Fransico and I did not know the city well at all. I booked on hotwire not know what hotel I was going to land at but I could not have been more happy with the Argonaut Hotel. It is in a great location! Right on the strip where you can walk anywhere! ( It might be up a hill but that is life there). Check in was really easy and the room was great. No fancy view with the great rate I got but it was really clean and a great place to stay. When we returned from dinner a chilled bottle of champaign waited.I would definately stay there again!	
Jan 26 2009 	Great HOtel	Great HotelExcellent service - we arrived late in the evening and got a room service meal, then ate in the restaurant the next day.Rooms are a delight. Would thoroughly recommend	
Jan 22 2009 	Argonaut was fantastic	I booked on Hotwire and knew it was the Argonaut before I booked. It matched Trip Advisor amenities, location and number of reviews. The room is exactly as pictured on their website. I loved the nautical theme and the brick wall with a window that opens and has plantation shutters. It is very clean and the terry bathrobes are very warm and cozy. The bed is very comfortable with a nice duvet. The room has a coffee maker, small mini bar- refrigerator, snack basket, safe and free Internet connection in your room. The bathroom amenities are top of the line L’Occitane from France. They also have a list of items available for no charge, toothbrush and paste, fashion tape, fan, humidifier, straightening iron, curling iron, hairdryer, heating pad, sewing kit and extension cord. There is also a list of toiletries for a nominal fee. I did not encounter any negative attitude from the staff as mentioned in other reviews. The staff was exceptional, very friendly, inviting and helpful. They welcome you back and great you by name, very much like the staff at The Four Seasons. The location is perfect the Hyde street cable car is just across the street as well as The Buena Vista which has casual dinning and it’s famous Irish coffee is across from the cable car stop. Everything at Fisherman Wharf is with in walking distance. I will stay at the Argonaut again. The only negative thing is valet parking is $39 a day. I parked across the street at the park for free.	
Jan 19 2009 	Great Place to Stay	We stayed at the Argonaut for three nights in mid November as part of a drive down the West Coast. Everything about the hotel was great especially the guest wine tasting every evening. The staff were extremely helpful and very knowledgable about the surrounding area. We were upgraded to a room with a view of Alcatraz on the first floor, if you get the opportunity ask for a room on the second floor as the view would be even better. The rooms was large well laid out and very clean, loads of room in the bathroom. Rooms are reasonably pricedThe hotel has a good restaurant not too exensive and there are loads of eating places along the wharf, give Joe's Crab Shack a try well worth the visit. The cable car terminal is just round the corner.We had a hire car on our last day and found overnight on street parking easy to find close to the hoteland of course free. Although the streets in the location are not especially steep remember if parking on a hill to &quot;kerb&quot; the front wheels to avoid roll back. Failure to park correctly is a $40 fine.My wife and I had a great stay and would definately use this hotel again if we go back to San Francisco.	
Jan 16 2009 	Great Hotel shame about the staff...!	Spent 5 nights at the Argonaut recently and the hotel is great from a location point of view and general comfort of the rooms. The main issue we had was with the front desk staff. We arrived and the room was not ready, with no real apologie (but comp breakfast voucher, which was nice) The front desk staff just seemed to be lacking in customer service, very short and not very welcoming. Having said this the doormen were really good and very helpful. Apart from this, the Argonaut is really worth considering for your stay in San Francisco. Fishermans Wharf is a great area and I love the city, but watch out for the crazy people of which they have a fair share! Must do's are the cable cars and Alcatraz and if you have a car a drive over the Golden Gate Bridge (although watch out for the toll lane, I await a fine for going through the fasttrack lane!!)	
Jan 13 2009 	Maritime Luxury	This hotel exceeded our expectations on every level possible! The Argonaut really goes above and beyond to make your stay wonderful, memorable and perfect.I surprised my boyfriend with a romantic trip to Northern California for New Years. We first drove up to Eureka to visit an old friend of his and then drove down the 101 to SF for the night of New Years Day. I had read all of the fantastic reviews of the hotel here on TripAdvisor and actually wrote Richard Hippauf, the hotel manager, to let him know I appreciated his dedicated responses to the reviews and to also ask if he thought it would be a problem finding nice dining options on New Years Day down at the Wharf. He responded right away and promised that we would be able to find dining (and that the hotel would be happy to help us upon arrival) and that he would make sure we had a great stay. He sure did.I had booked on a Travelzoo &quot;deal&quot; for a mere $99/nt + tax. I had a King Deluxe room booked, but when we checked in, we were upgraded to a SUITE! I was floored. It was GORGEOUS and so welcomed after driving 5 hours from Eureka in the rain. It was seriously nearly the size of our house! It had a full dining room and LG flat-panel TVs in both the living room and bedroom. The bathroom contained a fantastic jacuzzi tub which felt so good on my cramped &quot;driving&quot; muscles that night. The Speakman showerhead provided an excellent spray and I really appreciated the L'Occitane toiletries. The towels and sheets were of excellent hand and the exposed brick and wood beam architecture gave a fantastic feel to the entire room. The room itself was in a FAR CORNER of the hotel (a pretty serious walk from the elevator), but so worth the distance. Despite the room literally being ON the street level and people walking by the windows constantly, we never heard a sound. No street sounds were audible AT ALL. The double-paned windows are phenomenal. It was like sleeping in a womb. I also really appreciated the Oxygen machine provided in our room. I have terrible allergies and asthma and I swear it helped me breathe easier. I barely needed my inhaler!The staff at this hotel were kind, courteous, helpful and witty. Everyone we encountered went out of their way to make our stay the best it could be. My ONLY complaints (and they are super minimal) were: (1) I called down in the morning to ask for a couple of extra bath towels and they took 45 minutes to arrive (and I had to call again about them); (2) the valet we had didn't speak English very well and had a difficult time understanding both us (when we needed to get an umbrella out of the parked car) and how to work my Honda CRV.But, as I said, those were such minor things, I still can't give the Argonaut any less than 5 stars. I only wish I would have booked a longer stay! If you have the opportunity, stay at the Argonaut. We will definitely be back.	
Jan 13 2009 	Wonderful stay-you can't fault them :o)	Well what can I say? Fantastic stay at the hotel. After three weeks of travelling around the States this was wonderful. The staff were really friendly and chatty, which made a lovely change to some of the other hotels we stayed at. The doorman (who I forget the name of) was excellent! Nothing was too much of a problem when we stayed, even when I had trouble printing the boarding passes for our flight home. The rooms were spacious, comfortable and most importantly clean. We had everything we needed to make it a comfortable stay. The bed was so comfortable that I wanted to take it home with me, as we say over here in the UK, I slept like a log!Relaxing end to a somewhat hectic holiday.Thank you all at the Argonaut and I hope someday we can return there.	
Jan 5 2009 	Looks gorgeous but its the staff that make it great	We stopped in the Argonaut for two nights on the way from Sydney to London. We had a bad first leg of the flight but the stay at the Argo refreshed us all and we enjoyed the hotel no end. Lets get this out the way early, the hotel is gorgeous! I'd best liken it to a Disney Delux hotel. Disney would certainly be proud of it. You can see the pictures of the lobby and the rooms on this site and in person the quality of the fittings are first class.I knew we'd love the look and feel of the hotel when I booked it but what I didn't realise was how good the staff were. They seem to have recruited the friendliest and most helpful people they could in all of the roles within the hotel. From the front door to the housekeeping they are fantastic. Internet was free and quick. Lots of room freebies. Quiet rooms which surprised me after reading comments on here. Our room was a good size too.We loved everything about the hotel and can't wait for a chance to go back!	
Jan 2 2009 	Excellent stay - once again and no nasty suprises	Just a short one nighter for us this year en route to Las Vegas.This was our 3rd visit to the Argonaut and we were pleasantly suprised to find no nasty suprises - nothing has changed!!Even though we booked a standard king room, we found ourselves with a nice harbour view. OK the room was probably a bit smaller than our last inwards facing room, but the view was worth the compromise.The staff couldn't be more helpful, cheerful and polite and made our stay a very easy one.Leaving early the next morning en route to Vegas we booked a room service breakfast - which turned up on time with a smile.One small gripe - ladies take note - the hairdryer they provide in the bathroom is useless and so remember to ask the front desk for a salon quality hairdryer (they definitley have them) when you check in or even when you book.	
Dec 31 2008 	Great Hotel with great service. Mistake made but corrected in timely manner.	Very nice hotel with great location in Fishermans Wharf. The hotel used to be a Del Monte cannery and Kimpton has done a nice job of making it into a cozy boutique hotel with a nostalgic feel. Staff was very friendly and accomdating. Since it was my 40th birthday trip, the hotel staff upgraded us to a large room with a view of &quot;The Rock&quot;. The hotel accidently packed one piece of our luggage into another customers car. Thankfully the customer contacted the hotel once they arrived home (Lake Tahoe area). By the time we knew about the mistake we were in Monterey. Once the hotel realized the error they sent an employee to Lake Tahoe to retrieve our luggage and it was at our hotel in Monterey that same night. I understand mistakes happen and the hotel did the right thing by correcting their mistake quickly and professionaly.A special thanks to Erin in Lake Tahoe area for notifying the hotel about the mistake.	
Dec 29 2008 	Great location staff and rooms!	My husband had business in SF, so we made a long weekend out of it and booked the Arognaut for 2 nights, Fri and Sat.I arrived at the hotel at 10am just to drop off my luggage and head out sightseeing, not expecting a room to be ready, but they had a room ready for me, so I was able to check in. We booked a King room with Bay View, and got exactly that. Nice size room, great nautical decor, nice change of pace from the typical hotel room decor. The view outside the window was of Alcatraz, Hyde St. Pier and to the left, The Golden Gate Bridge. It was perfect! Hotel room was stocked with all essentials, shampoo, conditioner, lotion, cotton swabs and cotton balls, coffee maker with Starbucks regular and decaf, honor bar, ice bucket, glasses, all the usuals. Had a great charging station (that's what I call it because I had about 4 different chargers plugged in at once), clock radio with iPod dock, so you could plug in and listen to your iPod in the room. Nice touch.Evening wine reception in the lobby was very nice, although the lobby was PACKED!!! Standing room only - barely. I was surprised to see a few dogs in the lobby and then remembered it was a pet friendly hotel. Location of hotel was great for Fisherman's Wharf/Ghirardelli attractions, Alcatraz, etc. Also convenient to F line and of course the Hyde/Powell Cable Car. I noticed hardly any lines for the cable car in the mornings, but very long lines in the evenings. Hotel location was also great to access bus lines which are a great way to get around and see other parts of the city (yes, there is more to SF than Fisherman's Wharf!). Also convenient to the Fisherman's Wharf rental car facilities. Most within a 2 block walk. The only thing that was slightly irritatiing was when the Concierge tried to steer us away from taking the bus to dinner in Pacific Heights, she really wanted us to take a cab. We asked about bus lines and she really frowned upon taking a bus. But she gave in in the end and directed us to the bus stop (although not the accurate transfer info, we asked the bus driver and found our way w/o problem). We ended up having a terrific dinner in Pacific Heights and it was such a lovely night, we walked allllll the way back to the hotel - it was downhill, thankfully. We wouldn't have walked back uphill the whole way! So, that's a tip if you want to get out and walk, have dinner somewhere up hill and walk back, makes for a great evening! We did have a car one of the nights and the valet service was excellent. The guys were very friendly and helpful. Check in/check out was a breeze. Our request for a late checkout (1:00pm) was not a problem. We will definitely return to the Argonaut in the future!	
Dec 28 2008	Good hotel located down by the wharfs	Great location, at the Fishermans Wharf and end of Powell-Hyde cable car.The rooms were generally large with 2 doubles. We were initially given a very small corner room, but were upgraded very quickly and courteously after I expressed my disappointment. The staff were helpful; the concierge got us tickets for the 49ers game and the doorman gave great advice on getting to and (more importantly from) the stadium. The hotel bar is part of restaurant so does not stay open late, but around the area are many bars and restaurants so no problem there. The hotel lay on complimentary wine tasting each evening, the only shame was that in a state where so much wine is produced, they only had Chilean and Spanish!Our favourite restaurant was Ana Mara, a Vietnamese/pan Asian place with a very lively atmosphere, great staff and excellent food. It’s just around the corner from the Argonaut. Also highly recommended is a cocktail in the Carnellian, on the 52nd floor. Stunning views. Get there at 3pm when it opens for the best seats.	
Dec 22 2008 	Beautiful Nautical Argonaut Room	We had a beautiful room with a king sized bed which overlooked Hyde park. The decor and furnishings at the Argonaut are of a nautical theme and are bright, cheery and relaxing! We LOVED our room! The bed was super comfortable and the room was quiet. They even provide cheetah print bath robes for their guests to borrow during their stay. Fun! Location was perfect for sight seeing, tourist shopping, restaurants, etc. Safe location. We look forward to returning to the hotel with our kids next time in the near future!	
Dec 20 2008 	Great location fantastic staff	I stayed at the Argonaut for two nights beginning December 16.I arrived very late (after midnight), so I didn't notice the valet parking when I pulled up. Luckily there was a spot around the corner. The valet met me at the door, let me in, and was very pleasant. The desk clerk was equally friendly and I was on my way to my room (482) in a minute or two.Upon entry, I was surprised at how small the room was. It was also pretty cold. Otherwise, it was nicely decorated and cozy. The iPod-dockable clock radio was on and softly playing some classical music.Because I am an inTouch member, a gift of a bottle of water and a bar of chocolate were waiting for me on the nightstand. Another pair of chocolates lay on the pillow. I thought that was a nice touch. I turned on the heat and the room was at a comfortable temperature by the time I had finished unpacking. The bed was extremely comfortable.The room was very clean. The shower was hot and the water pressure strong. The bathroom amenities were L'Occitane.The only lapse in the otherwise excellent service was at breakfast the following morning. I had been given vouchers for a continental breakfast at check-in. I was hungry for a bit more than that and ordered eggs and sausage. The waiter brought eggs and bacon instead. When I pointed out the mistake, he returned with sausage, then disappeared. I had to flag down the hostess in order to get my check. The food was excellent.With that sole exception, the service was every bit as good as I've come to expect from the Kimpton brand.Thanks to a busy work schedule, I did not get to spend much time in the area around the hotel. From what I saw while driving, the neighborhood is very picturesque. This would be a great home-base for exploring the Fisherman's Wharf area.A note for the budget-conscious: the parking rates are outrageous - $39/day plus tax (and tip) for valet parking. In their defense, it's my understanding that parking in San Francisco is uniformly insane.I would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 13 2008 	AWESOME ARGONAUT	Well from start to finish our stay at the Argonaut was absolutely fantastic! The location was better than we could have ever imagined - right next to the tram station on Fisherman's Wharfe. It was on at the quiet end very close to the bay. The room was extremely spacious with 2 queen beds, very clean indeed with daily maid service. We thoroughly enjoyed the wine tasting which was available every evening. We would definitely recommend this hotel to all our friends and family and would love to return again hopefully in the not too distant future!	
Dec 12 2008 	great choice for families with kids and first time visitors to SF	like the title says, great for families with kids, and first time visitors. although probably anybody would enjoy it. i'm just saying it's not an ideal serious business hotel. located on one of the most prime corners of fisherman's wharf, spitting distance from ghirardelli square, cable car turnaround, street artists, restaurants, shops, etc. but note: fisherman's wharf has much in common with, say, the venice beach boardwalk in california, times square in new york, fremont street in las vegas, numerous plazas in rome, any tourist-saturated &quot;trap&quot; full of &quot;authentic&quot; foods, local landmark snow-globes and refrigerator magnets, t-shirts, yada yada.it's a wonderful walk, 15-30 minutes, mildly strenuous, to north beach and chinatown, which are must-dos. hotel is in great repair, nicely decorated, wonderful staff, free dsl internet in rooms, free wine reception at 5 pm, and a nice, quite good and, for the area, reasonably priced restaurant attached through the lobby, the Blue Mermaid. NOTE: i'd seriously avoid a room immediately overlooking the Dole courtyard; it's a magnet for drinkers and amplified street performers.	
Dec 8 2008 	Fabulous	Stayed here for a few nights. Been to San Fran before and wanted to take my wife on extended biz trip. Had researched well. What a fantastic charming hotel. Very quiet and quaint part of town. Easy to get into the centre of the shopping district, just by looking out of the window and chking ques at cable car turnaround. Everything within walking distance.The staff were superb. Nothing was any trouble. Accidently forgot the safe code and the guy with the laptop was ignoring our embarressment within 5 minutes of the call to the desk.It made for an unforgettable stay. Definately stump up the extra for a hyde st/ front room. Veiws are worth it. We could see the ggbridge and at sunrise/sunset, was awesome. LOVE IT. If ever there again would definately stop here. Highly Recommended.	
Nov 29 2008	Fantastic Stay at Quirky Hotel	Stayed at the Argonaut Hotel for 4 nights with my partner and we had a fantastic stay. We booked The Argonaut via a UK website and got a very reasonable rate for our stay. Unfortunately we got a twin room instead of the double we requested. We didn't complain to reception as we were too tired but no doubt we would have been given another room if we asked as the staff were very attentive and helpful throughout our stay.Our room was a decent size considering that the building is a converted warehouse. We stayed in a similar hotel to this one in Liverpool in the UK and the room in The Argonaut was definitely larger. The decor of the hotel is rather kitsch but not unexpected given the history of the hotel and the Fishermans Wharf location. We loved the decor and wanted one of the cute star cushions from the beds! An excellent freebie was the evening wine reception held between 5-6pm. We only made it a couple of times but it was a nice way of unwinding from a busy day's sightseeing and a good start to the evening ahead. The sun loungers in the lobby were a cute touch. A slight negative was the cost of the internet access in the hotel lobby, but I suppose it was convenient. As I said, the staff were excellent throughout our stay, even the staff manning the evening wine reception who were on their feet for an hour solid keeping our glasses full. The concierge was helpful but we thought the door / bell staff were particularly good. They treated all the guests as individuals which is no mean feat given the hotel is fairly large.Overall, we had a superb stay at The Argonaut and would recommend it for tourists opting for Fishermans Wharf for their San Francisco base. We can't wait to return to the city, although second time round we'd probably opt for one of the Nob Hill hotels as we liked the area. I think you would be hard pushed to find a better hotel at Fishermans Wharf than the Agronaut.	
Nov 25 2008	Very Comfortable	My boyfriend I just spent three nights at the Argonaut. It was wonderful! We stayed in a King Deluxe with the Cannery view. It was quiet after 9 p.m. You can't ask for a better location to walk to anything you want to see and do. The service was above par. Room service was very fast and delicious. I would highly recommend the crab/corn chowder from the Blue Mermaid.If you like a local type of bar, walk down the pier to Pier 23. Best bartendar's we found in town and great bar food!The only slight downfall is the barthrooms are rather small.	
Nov 23 2008 	the hotel is good but .....	Stayed for 4 nights in mid November. Nice hotel, good location, bit expensive for what it is. We booked a bay view room and as the hotel is 4 stories high and the adjoining buildings are 3 stories high the view is limited, so beware. Even then we were placed on the second floor hence no bay view. When this was queried the booking system was blamed and we were offered breakfast vouchers and a change of room at a later date. It was eventually sorted, but hard work and the receptionist was pretty indifferent. On the same subject the greeting was name, credit card, foto id and as an after thought it was welcome to the hotel, not really good enough. The hotel is also used for corporate conferences and you may wish to avoid this. Overall we got an apology but I would stay elsewhere next time.	
Nov 22 2008 	Lovely quirky hotel	This is a great hotel! I loved the nautical decoration! The room was immaculate, very comfortable and we didn't have any issues with noise. The location is great, especially for a quick stay as you are close to the tourist attractions. There are countless kiosks in the area for different tours and attractions. We took the cable car tour around San Fran and over the Golden Gate Bridge. The ferry to Alcatraz is a 10-15 minute walk away from the hotel. There are loads of restaurants nearby. The restaurant attached to the hotel was great for breakfast. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Nov 17 2008 	A good choice	We just spent 5 nights at the Argonaut, partially basing our decision on the previous reviews on this site, and were not disappointed. The hotel is well located for the cable car, plus getting to north beach, the marina district and other areas, plus obviously fishermans wharf (although we actually didn't stray into it, given it's over the top touristy flavour). The room was good, if very nautical! And the views over the bay were brilliant and exaxtly what we wanted. Go for the 4th floor for th best views.One of our main needs was for the hotel to be child friendly as we have a 10 month old and it was spot on, with fiendly saff and al needs catered for. Only downside was that the room service menu was a bit too over priced in my view.Go for it.	
Nov 16 2008 	Great Hotel	Just returned from a week in San Fran staying at the Argonaut Hotel. I've been to SF before and stayed out in Berkeley but the location of the Argonaut is perfect. A very short walk from the cable car means you can link with the rest of the city with ease. The views of the bay and the GG Bridge are breathtaking. You are on the edge of Fisherman's Wharf so away from the tacky bits. Close to Ghiradelli Square. Room was spacious and immaculately clean. Room service excellent and responsive. Free wine tasting every evening was a nice touch and sociable too.	
Nov 13 2008 	Loved this place	Booked this hotel through Virgin Holidays (wouldn't recommend them though as didn't inform us of flight changes even on check in and had 6 hours at the airport with a toddler!).The hotel though is one of the best I have stayed in and I've travelled round the world. Its is gorgeous. The rooms are beautiful and very well maintained. You know how many hotel rooms often need improvements like a re-paint etc.? Not this one! The attention to detail is fabulous. Everything you need is in the room and if you forget something, they've got it! AND, they don't charge you much if you do forget something. We arrived and were told they were giving us breakfast vouchers for the week. Me being honest I said &quot;But our package didn't include them&quot; and they said &quot;If we have given you breakfast vouchers, take them!&quot; So we got a lovely continental breakfast all week too. The staff were all helpful and friendly. The location of the hotel could not be better. I loved being here as it was quiet but right next to transport which went everywhere. We could also walk to Pier 39 from here and the pier where you get the boat to Alcatraz.We bought a 'Citypass' and if you are here for a week, this is a must. We used it everywhere we went. Not only does it cover all the transport except the BART, it also gives you free admission to the Academy of Science, the Aquarium and numerous other attractions. It was only $59 (about £36).We caught the BART from the airport to the Embarcadero then caught the street car line F (like a tram) which was opposite the station, to the hotel. The hotel is round the corner from the stop. This cost us a total of $6.85 each (kids under 5 free) which is probably about $40 less than a transfer would have cost. It was very easy and we had a toddler with us too. People here are just so friendly, so we found it easy to ask for help when we needed it.I guess we all have different experiences everywhere we go, but I can't believe anyone could give this hotel a bad review! Its fabulous!	
Nov 11 2008 	Excellent Hotel	My recent stay at the Argonaut Hotel was excellent. The hotel location is perfect - right at Fisherman's Wharf and walking distance to the other attractions in San Francisco. The hotel staff was very professional and courteous. There was some confusion with my reservation due to an error on my part. The desk staff resolved the issue quickly and had us checked into our room within minutes. The rooms are clean and spacious. There is a complimentary Happy Hour every day in the lobby which is an excellent opportunity to meet other travelers from the US and the world. The hotel restaurant has excellent food though the service is a little slow. The cable car stop is one block from the hotel and Pier 39 is a 5 minute walk. I would highly recommend renting bikes and riding across the Golden Gate Bridge to Sausalito. The ride is easy and very scenic. You can take the ferry back to San Francisco or ride back. The Argonaut is about a 35 minute cab ride to/from the airport. We used the Lory Shuttle to get to the hotel - I wouldn't recommend this as it took close to an hour to get to the hotel and the shuttle driver was less than courteous. San Francisco was a great vacation and I would strongly recommend the Argonaut as a great hotel for your stay.	
Nov 11 2008 	Best hotel all around	I’ve had the privilege of staying in some of the best hotels in the World. The Kimpton Argonaut in San Francisco is a truly fine hotel. Its location on Fisherman’s wharf inside the national park area is unsurpassed. Close to the excellent San Francisco transport links with plenty of great places to eat close by.Upside: Great rooms and hotel layout. Concierge local knowledge spot-on! Friendly staff who appear to genuinely want to help. Reception and pith helmeted door staff fantastic. The free wine hour each night from 5 to 6 is fun in the themed lobby is fun with friends.Blue Mermaid bar &amp; restaurant very informal and friendly. Breakfast good. Dinner menu basic but good value for money. Afternoon drinks on the terrace area very relaxing.Downsides Don't trust concierge to book things for you. (especially airline seats!) as we found they are not great on getting the details right. Bar closes early at 10 pm most evenings.Overall - Having stayed there once I wouldn’t risk another hotel in San Francisco. Honestly, tt was that good.Insider tip - If you want a massage don’t use the in-room spa service (its good, but pricey at $110 for 50 minutes), try Susanne Runion in Beech Street, a five minute walk from the hotel. She’s the best, most professional masseuse I’ve come across and at $75 an hour is great value for money.	
Nov 11 2008 	Fantastic place to stay in SF	Stayed Nov 9, 2008 in room 35#. Positive:- Valets are super friendly. They have to handle people coming in on a very busy street with no parking, yet took care of us with out issue when checking in, unloading car, ect. - Location. Perfect for tourists to SF. Pier 39, Giardelli Square, and many major starting points for sightseeing in SF are less than 5 min walk. Tons of good eats nearby also. - Suprisingly quiet, considering location. - Good quality rooms.- Free Wifi. Negative- $40 p/day to park. I guess thats what it takes to park in downtown SF, but still, Ouch. Overall, really a great place, at a great price ($169 p/night). Highly recommend to SF bound tourists.	
Nov 5 2008 	Excellence at the Argonaut	Excellent overnight in SF. Upgraded to huge suite w/windows that opened, nice decor, mini bar plus refrigerator, deep soaking tub with bubbles. Quiet, climate control, cute decor, cool animal-print robes, staff welcoming and professional. Not a single negative.	
Nov 2 2008 	Argonaut Hotel San Francisco	I went on a business trip to San Francisco and stayed four nights at the Argonaut Hotel in North Beach. It was a truly wonderful experience. The décor is very modern and chic. The room was beautiful, and everything worked… usually there is something (such as a plug or shower handle) that is faulty but this room had everything including a radio/ipod player. I particularly liked the full box of Kleenex (not quarter full), the NYTimes delivered free to my room each morning, the turn down service with an uplifting quotation on the pillow (I thought it cute!), and the high quality hand cream etc. There is a complimentary glass of wine at 5.00 p.m. every evening in the foyer. This hotel was right near Fort Mason, a national park and a lovely small beach. All the staff, particularly the concierge, was extremely helpful and friendly, and check in and out was fast. I ate alone in the restaurant every evening and felt very at ease. Only suggestion I would have is to offer a self-service buffet breakfast and include a one-price continental breakfast rather than have it served. It is quicker and more efficient. I highly recommend this hotel… I loved it!	
Oct 31 2008 	Great location very nice hotel	Recently took my two teenage boys to visit their college-attending sister in San Francisco. Chose the Argonaut for the location and because booking a suite at the Argonaut was a better value (it seemed) than booking two rooms at other, downtown hotels. I was very happy with the choice. Great location at the cable car turnaround. An easy and very fun cable car ride into downtown, easy walk to Pier 33 for the fun tour of Alcatraz. A fairly easy walk to North Beach and other great locations for dining. The room was very spacious with a great bathroom and flat screen TVs. Deep bathtub with jacuzzi jets. Really nice decor. Some find it kitschy, but I found it warm and inviting and a nice change from the neutral, bland business hotels. Great art on the walls. Service was good, although like others I noted the concierge service was a little spotty. Front desk, front door, and bell service were all excellent and friendly. I chose a non-view suite, but in fact we had a nice view of Alcatraz and the Bay, even on the 2nd floor. A few downsides...the pull-out sofa bed was not comfortable for the boys, but our king bed was very comfortable. Walls are very thin and the water pipes and some other sounds are very loud. All in all, one of the best choices in and around downtown San Francisco. I would definitely stay again.	
Oct 28 2008 	Just as Good the 2nd Time Around	We were dissatisfied with a hotel down on Market Street, so we drove right over to the Argonaut Hotel where we stayed 5 years earlier. Should have just booked it from the start. One of the best hotels we've ever stayed in. Amenities, staff, service all right on and in a great location. Walkable to the Wharf, North Beach, Cable Car turnaround and next to Ghiradelli Square. Great ambiance in a restored cannery building. Can't go wrong. Book it!	
Oct 28 2008 	Kid Friendly in SF	We stayed at the Argonaut last weekend for my cousin's wedding and were very impressed. The service was outstanding - both toward us and our 2 year old. We had a king sized room, which was fairly small, but well arranged, so we didn't feel cramped. The staff was very friendly and even brought our son a gold fish to take care of during his stay.	
Oct 28 2008 	Comfortable Friendly Hotel in Excellent Location	The first hotel of our trip to SW USA certainly set the standard. A great welcome after a long flight. Really friendly and helpful staff but we found the concierge service knowledge a bit patchy. The rooms are really nicely furnished and comfortable But the downside is the view ( or lack of it at the back) Definitely worth upgrading to bay view room. Excellent location On edge of Fisherman's wharf and with the cable car terminal a few steps away. Good bar and restaurant and bonus of free wine reception every evening. Would definitely recommend	
Oct 23 2008 	Absolutely splendid	Overall, this is the nicest hotel I have ever stayed in. The hotel was extremely clean. The beds were so comfortable, unlike other hotels. The mattress is one I would buy for my own personal use. The hotel staff was very courteous and helpful. Connie NG at the main desk was most helpful. She always had a smile and eager for any questions I had, and gave very accurate information. Their location is superb, being close to attractions and within walking distance. I can't say one thing negative about my stay. I definitely would stay there again.	
Oct 19 2008 	Excellent base for exploring SF	We stayed for 2 nights on a city break in May 2008.The location is fantastic right by the city's piers so great if you're there to explore the city as a tourist. Its a shortish walk to catch the tram that will take you downtown.Rooms were modern and tastfully decorated, we were on the ground floor and didn't get too much noise from the street, but probably best to get on the floors above if you can.Hotel is fairly large but the staff at the front desk were extremely helpful and polite. There is a bike rental place right next door, we got bikes and rode over to Sausalito and beyond, which I can't recommend doing enough.	
Oct 17 2008	better for pleasure than business	As lovely as other kimptons in terms of quality of finish &amp; amenities. Very servicable fitness area, in-room desks with wired net, cute nautical touches. Right smack in the heart of the tourist waterfront. I would come back with my spouse for vacation or if you're a business person dragging family then this would be a great fit. Some of the rooms are quite spacious and would be good for families. As a straight business traveler it was a distracting location, with a low noise level that I'd roll with if I were vacationing too but was hard to not feel curmudgeonly when I had 7:30 am meetings.	
Oct 16 2008 	Excellent	What can I say other than spot on! The hotel is well situated, the rooms are quirky and very well presented and the staff are more than helpful. Would highly recommend over the standard chain hotels in a similar price range. You even get free wine in the lobby on an evening!	
Oct 3 2008 	Great Hotel	This hotel was the nicest hotel i have ever stayed at. The location was perfect....right at The Wharf and right next to the cable cars so it was easy to get to everything without using a car.The staff were extremely helpful in helping us plan our road trips out of the city (Big Sur and Yosemite).The gave us maps and helped us with directions with smiling faces.They also had a free wine hour at 5pm which was nice for when we came back from exploring for the day.The room was nicely decorated and the bed very comfortable.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting San Fran.	
Sep 29 2008 	Well worth it!!!	Wow! This was a part of our CA Roadtrip/Honeymoon adventure! I choose to upgrade to a suite if they had one available - I definately recommend doing that! The suite was amazing!!! The valet attendents were incredibly nice, check in was great, even sent 2 free bottles of champagne! The location was excellent, the restaurant downstairs was great, overall an incredible experience!!	
Sep 21 2008	Great location - Mediocre service - Dogs in the elevator	We picked this hotel solely because of its proximity to an athletic event we were competing in nearby. For our needs, the price was more than we wanted to pay so we thought we'd at least enjoy ourselves. Front door service was warm and friendly, but beyond that, service was pretty average (or less). We gave up on room service after we tried to order breakfast the night before, the delivery time for breakfast past, and a call to room service revealed they were running at least 45 minutes late because some staff hadn't shown up; no one had bothered to notify us. We went to a Starbuck's around the corner instead. When checking out, while seeing if we were charged for the room service that never came, the receptionist seemed not to be surprised by the event and did not apologize. We were also surprised the first time we encountered a large doberman (very friendly) as we entered an elevator. It didn't take us long to figure out this is a pet-friendly hotel. The room was clean and comfortable - no complaints there. Bottom line: Fantastic location, nice rooms, high price, average service, and pets.	
Sep 20 2008 	Great Hotel in an excellent location	We decided to book the Argonaut for our stay in SF after staying in the excellent Muse in NY another Kimpton Hotel. On arrival we upgraded our room ($20 per night v reasonable). We were richly rewarded with a large, spotless room on the third floor overlooking the Cannery. The two queen beds were extremely comfortable and the ensuite had a good shower. The room was quiet as the entertainment outside the Cannery finished at about 8pm. There were some really nice little touches in the room such as L'Occitane toiletries, Starbucks coffee, Ipod dock and free wifi. We ate breakfast at The Blue Mermaid restaurant on a couple of occasions and both times found the food good, reasonably priced and the service very good. The staff in the hotel were in general excellent; friendly, helpful and efficient. We found the location in Fisherman's Wharf an ideal location for tourists as many of the major attractions could be reached easily by walking or catching the cable car or F line streetcar.Some highlights for us were riding the cable car (go early as the queues can get long later on), the sea lions at Pier 39, the farmers market on Sat morning at the Ferry Building, shopping around Union Square and cycling over the Golden Gate Bridge. If you want to go to Alcatraz I would recommend that you book online prior to going. Alcatraz Cruises were very good and the boat goes from Pier 33 a short walk from the hotel. There a several restaurants a short walk from the Hotel and it is well worth a walk up Columbus to North Beach for excellent Italian food.	
Sep 16 2008	A warm welcome	We booked into the Argonaught for the first leg of our Honeymoon epic tour, after reading good reviews on Trip Advisor.We arrived after a long flight, the check in clerk noted it was our honeymoon and changed our room for us. We had to wait 30 mins (spent it in the restaurant!) but it was worth the wait. We opened our door to a huge suite! Granted we were at the back of the hotel, with the Jacuzzi bath at eye level to the pavement, but we were VERY grateful.Can't comment on the normal rooms, but the standard of the whole place was great, the staff very friendly. Excellent location for exploring, though we were surprised how early in the evening the place got really quiet.	
Sep 13 2008	Enjoyed the experience	We were quite pleased with the location, although the trafiice (both cars and pedestrian) is pretty clogged in this area.We had a room overlooking the spot where you pick up the cable car, which was great so we could plan to go before the line gets tremendous (hint: earlier - before 8.30am seemed the best time).The room was nicely appointed in the nautical theme and very comfortable and clean. We did feel the walls were on the thin side - 2 of the 3 nights we heard our neighbors children in the middle of the night.The wine reception they offer is quite nice - be sure to check it out!I was also debating whether I needed a car, and was glad I did not bother. Parking at argonaut is expensive, and you can walk everywhere! You can even rent bikes across Golden Gate to Tiberon and take the ferry back - very enjoyable.	
Sep 13 2008 	Excellent Place to Stay!	By far the best place that I've stayed while visiting San Francisco! The hotel's staff provided superior service and the restuarant, The Blue Mermaid, has one of the best waiters at dinner time that I've ever encountered. The room was also very clean and had a very comfortable bed. However, when I return to the Argonaut I'll spend a little more for the deluxe room as the window in the standard room didn't open so it got a little stuffy. The hotel is also in a prime location -- at the quiet end of Fisherman's Wharf but also within walking distance to many great places to eat and drink. I'm looking forward to my next visit to the Argonaut!!	
Sep 10 2008 	Awsome!!!!!!	We went to San Francisco for the first time for my brothers wedding in Sept. '08. A few hotels were offered by the brides family as good places to stay. Not being skyscraper people we did some investigating of the wharf area on the internet. we narrowed it down to the Argonaut and the Hyatt. The Hyatt was booked for some strange reason so we went with the Argonaut. I guess all things happen for a reason because after I saw the Hyatt and where it was I was thrilled to be at the Argonaut. Gorgous hotel, super clean, great location walk to almost everything and if you can't the cable car is right outside your door. So close to everything but very quiet at night. I would recomend to anyone going to S.F. 5 star. P.S. The Blue Mermaid next door has great food.	
Sep 10 2008 	Excellent choice	This is an excellent hotel. The service is first-rate with all staff having a &quot;can-do&quot; attitude: from the bellhops to the front desk staff. The location is convenient for many touring activities (although some parts of Fisherman's Wharf are a bit tacky). The room was very comfortable. I highly recommend.	
Sep 10 2008 	Great place to stay	Being our first time in San Francisco, I checked out hotels on Expedia, then checked reviews on Trip advisor. Argonaut was exactely what the majority of people said it was. Great location, staff helpfull and attentive. The wine tasting from 5 pm to 6 pm is a great touch.Will be staying here again.	
Sep 6 2008 	Nice Hotel At The Wharf !	Stayed at the Argonaut end of August, family with 2 kids. Since I used Trip Advisor to help make our choice, I thought I should write about our stay. Hotel is in a great location if you choose to stay in the Wharf area. Down the block there's a Ben &amp; Jerry's, Starbucks, In and Out Burger, Mc Donalds, Rain Forest Cafe and lots of seafood places scattered around the Wharf. There's also a Walgreens that's opened late. The turn around for the cable car is right at the corner. You will always get on at this spot because that's where they fill the cars up continuously, but if you don't go in the morning you can easily have a 1/2 hour wait. Also, don't think you can hop off and on anywhere you like because they are usually full when they pass by the stops. (This was our experience at the end of August.) Front desk people at the hotel were okay - the guys were a little stuffy. The door men are great, very friendly and have good dining tips. We found a great breakfast spot, Joanie's Happy Days Dinner on Columbus, a block from the hotel with a large selection of breakfast items. If you love great pizza go to Uncle Vito's on Bush St. at Powell, right on the cable car line. It's not much to look at, but the pizza really is great and the prices are very reasonable. As you've probably read in other reviews, the hotel offers free wine (a red and white) and a sparkling apple drink from 5-6pm. They have a very nice lobby and there's a good amount of people hanging out. The rooms are nice, clean and with a decent size bathroom. We stayed in a Deluxe 2 Queen with what I think they call a Cannery view. It looks out into a courtyard with tables and a mexican restaurant. It was quiet at our location at night. I think the city views, especially on the lower floors can be noisy with traffic and cable cars, so keep that in mind if making a reservation. We did the Alcatraz night tour (it's best to get tickets from home on-line because they sell out) and it was pretty cool walking through the prison and having your own headsets to guide you. Walking around the city can really get very hilly in spots, so be prepared with good sneakers. Also, bring a sweatshirt because it cools down fast. Make sure you do Chinatown, there's a lot of good souvenir shopping. There's also a little place on Ross (an alley way) where you can watch fortune cookies being made and purchase bags (the flat fortune cookies were delicious.) Muirwoods is very cool if you're into seeing gigantic redwoods. Bike or walk the Golden Gate Bridge into Sausalito which is a very pretty place to walk around and grab some lunch. Also, if you rent a car, the 17 mile drive from Monterey offers beautiful scenery as does a drive to Big Sur. One more tip - we did a Movie Tour, I think the website is californiamoviestours.com. A small bus takes you around the city showing clips of movies made in the area, and you stop for photos and breaks. Our tour guide was great, an actor named Wylie who was full of all sorts of interesting tidbits about movies and actors. Even if you're not a big movie buff (which I'm not) it's a fun way to see the city. We all enjoyed our stay at the Argonaut and loved San Francisco. Have a great time!!!	
Sep 1 2008 	Living Argonaut LARGE	We really enjoyed our stay the ARGO.It was a rough start as we somehow found ourselves in the middle of the San Fran Olympic torch demonstration (imagine our luck).Once we arrived, we were treated extremely well, and the confines of the Argo are a peaceful sanctuary to the hustle and bustle going on in this tourist mecca (fisherman's wharf).First tip, valet your car if you have one. This is one of the worst places in the country to find a parking spot and the gougers are always looking for a sucker who will may 65 bones a day for a parking spot.. The 40 bucks you pay at the argo is well worth it. These pro's will literally stop traffic for you.Each day they offer free Anchor Steams in the lobby between 5 and 6 PM. They also offer wine, but since I know nothing about wine, there is no need to go any further. They also provide for you stay a 'snazzy' spa robe. 'Snazzy' being a loose term here that is used in a sarcastic way. These robes are seriously orange/cheetah prints (how that fits in with the nautical theme i will never truly comprehend) and I think they might be for small persons, because I couldn't even get mine completely on. One size fits all.. i guess..The rooms are nice, especially for the age of the area. We had an ipod doc, nice bathrooms, comfy bed, good linens and all that stuff you would expect for 3 bills per night.Concierge, front desk and bell people were all extremely helpfull.I really enjoyed the chowder rest at the argo, we ate breakfast and dinner there. Room service was ah-ite, nothing spectacular.Across the street is Cioppinos, which is a great restaurant. Scomas is a short walk and has extremely gratifying seafood (and Amstel Light on tap). Drink a pint at the Buena Vista (staggering distance), with a nice view of the Golden Gate at sunset.Watch out for BushMan (the street performer), he will scare the crab outtaya.	
Sep 1 2008	Family Vacation	Fair Hotel, above average - it was what we expected. Rooms are fine, services ok. Dining and bar above average (however for a three night stay, otherwise you would look for more choice). Not cheap, but what is cheap in life (esp. in SFO).Concierge restaurant suggestions which we followed could have been better (I am still wondering there must be better restaurants in SFO - or was I misunderstood).We would come again (should we decide to go to Fishermens Wharf instead of DownTown).	
Aug 28 2008	Great Hotel Great Staff Terrific Location	We just returned last night from our San Francisco vacation and I couldn't wait to write a review on this hotel. If this is an example of the Kimpton organization, then they should be very proud. The hotel was terrific, the staff some of the friendliest we have ever encountered, the rooms were sparkling clean, the room service was impeccable, and the location could not have been better. We did not experience any of the noise problems related by some of the previous guests. This was our first experience staying at a Kimpton Hotel and we will definitely select Kimpton hotels for future trips. As you can tell, the hotel was all about the nautical theme but it really worked. The restaurant was very good and not priced any higher than other surrounding restaurants. Best of all the location afforded us the opportunity to walk virtually everywhere we chose to go or catch the streetcar which was next to the hotel.Bottom line, I'd highly recommend this hotel!	
Aug 27 2008 	Bit dark but good location	Hotels are expensive in San Francisco, but this had a 4 nights for the price of 3 office with Expedia for when we needed to stay so it made quite a difference in terms of value for money.I would not have gone for a themed hotel anywhere, but it didn't make any difference for us. It has a nautical theme if you're interested...Staff were friendly and helpful, in contrast to another recent review I found the Concierge / Bell staff to be very helpful and ameniable to my many questions for help and advice.I failed to book the Alcatraz trip in advance and missed out, but that is nobodies fault but my own (book before you arrive!)The hotel is in the shell of an old wharf building, not designed for habitation and very dark (at least in the reception area). Our room was also fairly dark, but not one of the best in terms of position which I imagine could be rectified with a paid upgrade...The room was clean and appropriately kitted out for the hotel rating with no unpleasent discoveries, other than the TV/Internet facility which was faulty, and the fridge that periodically made a humming/vibrating noise, this was not that much of a big deal though. To my mind I would expect stuff like this unless I was staying in a 5 star + (but I am English). Good air con.Didn't eat in the restaurant.Free wine ('tasting') at about 5pm in reception every day was a nice touch and a chance to socialise with other guests.Biggest plus for this hotel is the location. Although Fishermans Wharf is a bit of a dump with limited charm or appeal, it is a good place to be based as a tourist. You have the Cable car next door to the hotel which takes you over the hills of the city down into Union Square (where the shops are), it is a good point to walk or cycle to the Golden Gate bridge (1.5 hours - 2 hours walk) along the bay. You can also walk to other places of interest. There is also a buzz about the place (Fishermans Wharf).	
Aug 21 2008 	Huge room great views	We have just spent two weeks travelling along the California coast, staying in five different locations. First stop, 3 nights at The Argonaut Hotel, San Fransisco, where we had 3 rooms as there was 7 of us (including 3 teenagers). All the rooms were huge with two double beds leaving more than enough space for a third if nessecary, the bathrooms however, were small in comparison but quite adequate with some lovely toiletries. Each room had great views over the bay of either Alcatraz or The Golden Gate Bridge. After the first night one of our group, who is a very light sleeper, asked to be moved because of the noise from the next room, this was done immediatley with no other incidents occurring.As the hotel is small the staff are much more on show, we found them to be very friendly and eager to please. We particularly enjoyed the wine tasting evenings, to which every one is invited.The hotel is located on the edge of Fishermans Wharf which has become in our opinion, a very busy, tacky, tourist area and not really our sort of thing. However, it is right next to the cable car turning point, which is a must and also provides easy access into the other areas of San Francisco. The ferries are also based here, along with the Sea LIons and many other atractions. Next to the Hotel is a bicycle shop, where you can hire bikes for the day to 'bike the bridge,' which is exactly what we did. There are many different routes that you can take from 8 miles to 25! This for me was one of the highlights of the holiday, although we were absolutely nackered the next day it was well worth it, just to see everything from a different perspective.The weather was quite changable and at times a jacket was needed however, when we biked over to Sausalito and TIburon the weather was very different and much hotter and we all returned somewhat sunburned.We really enjoyed our stay at The Argonaut and apart from its location in Fishermans Wharf , would most definatly stay there again.	
Aug 19 2008 	Wonderful Experience	Stayed at the Argonaut for a business meeting and had a wonderful time. The service during the meeting was excellent and the lunches were very good.Because of it's central location I was able to get in some sightseeing. The cable car is accross the street, which takes you downtown to the shopping district. You can also ride the cable car to Lombard Street and walk down it. The ferry launch to Sausalito is only a 10-15 minute walk away.I loved the nautical theme, which was consistent throughout the hotel. The service was excellent and the concierge was very helpful.	
Aug 15 2008 	Failed to meet expectations	We booked this hotel based on its rating in several places as being a good hotel for famlies with children. The hotel is certainly servicable and without question has a good location but overall was underwhelming and disappointing. The front desk has a toy chest that children are allowed to choose a toy from once a day. However the toys are along the lines of a small rubber bouncy ball. Nothing wrong with this per se but not particularly impressive. The hotel rooms are stylized in a nautical theme but are otherwise standard fare. It is difficult at times to obtain tickets to see Alcatraz Island. So one might expect the concierge of a hotel to be able to help with this....Not at the Argonaut. Okay then,. perhaps the concierge can tell us about the usefulness of the Go San Francisco Card, is it worth buying? No such luck, the concierge had never even heard of this card. Want help from the bell staff? You'd better call well in advance, we waited for an hour.We ate breakfast at the hotel's restaurant and were amused at how they semed to run out of staple breakfast foods on a daily basis. One day they were out of croissants,. the next day out of muffins, the next day Orange Juice was out of stock, and yogurt the next day. Over all I feel that there are other hotels that are a better value for families and other choices down at the Fisherman's wharf area. I certainly wouldn't stay here based on any perception that the hotel offers anything special for families.	
Aug 15 2008 	Loved the jacuzzi	We have just come back from our journey in California. The Argonaut was the last hotel we stayed in, the last but certainly not the least. We were 3 in our party: my husband, me and my 22 yrs old daughter, so we had reserved the King suite. When we saw it we were almost open mouthed because it was very, very spacious and full of amenities such as a very large living room with separate closet for the safe, a table with a vase of orchids and a chocolate box on it, a large sofa bed etc. There were 2 minifridges and 2 tv sets, one in each room. The windows had a view on the SF bay and Alcatraz. The bathroom was almost a wonderful dream come true: it had a huge jacuzzi with annexed window and view on the bay! We were on the 3rd floor and, as concerns the noise many people mentioned in other reviews, I must say that we were either very lucky or we enjoyed a very sound sleep, because we heard none. The service was good and efficient too.At the front desk I must say they were a bit impersonal, I mean they didn't have the overfriendly attitude we had experienced in other hotels, but...who cares? At the restaurant &quot;The Blue Mermaid&quot; we had dinner only once : it was a saturday night and it was overcrowded. The service was so slow that eventually we were angry and hungry, so we complained. They were very apologetic, said it had entirely been their fault and refused us to pay the check; we obviously insisted to pay what was due, but...no way. Such an attitude requires peace and forgiveness, so let them be forgiven! I will give them another chance when I'll come back to the Argonaut during my next stay in SF.	
Aug 10 2008 	Terrific Experience at the Argonaut!	We had a terrific Argonaut experience. The staff and amenities were top notch, the location was perfectly suited to reach all of our sightseeing destinations, and the food at the Blue Mermaid Restaurant was delicious. We are still talking about the unique nautical decor and would like to use some ideas in our new waterfront home!	
Aug 10 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location Great Service	This might be my favorite hotel, ever! It is nicely decorated in a nautical theme (okay, maybe a bit over-the-top.) It clearly is a boutique hotel, nothing cookie cutter about it. The rooms are large with comfortable beds, well-stocked mini-bars, robes, interesting lighting, and big bathrooms. The lobby was wonderful with big comfy leather chairs and couches, beautiful hardwood floors, and a blazing fireplace.The service here is wonderful. Everyone is extremely friendly and helpful. They go out of their way to make you feel welcome, hail a cab, or get what you need. The concierge was also extremely helpful with dinner reservations, and even gave us a tip of hanging out at the bar of a local restaurant where it is exceedingly hard to get reservations (we were seated five minutes after arriving at Gary Danko's and telling the maitre de that we would be willing to wait for a cancellation!) Yeah!I love the location of this hotel at the END of the very touristy but fun Fisherman's Wharf. It is an easy walk to everything, but since it is at the end, you feel like you are leaving the schloky, touristy stuff behind and it is a little less crowded here. It is right next to one of the cable car lines (that could take you to other areas of San Francisco including China Town or Nob Hill,) has a Starbucks around the corner, a nice restaurant/bar next door (as well as many restaurants across the street or within a very short walk,) and is actually on the bay and Fisherman's Wharf. There also is a bike rental shop on the same block making it easy to bike across the Golden Gate Bridge, It is a short cab ride from the Presidio and the Exploratorium.I really liked this hotel and would recommend it to anyone going to San Francisco. I would stay here again in a heartbeat!	
Aug 10 2008 	Awesome hotel	Great Hotel....perfect customer service from the doorman to the concierge. Rooms were immaculate and nice nautical decor. The wine party in the late afternoon was fun and a nice chance to meet other travelers. We loved the location at the end of Fishermans Wharf, close to Ghiradelli and the Powell Hyde cable car turn around. The restaurant Blue Mermaid was excellent. The chowder is the best we have ever had. Breakfast was a good value as well.Don't miss the chance to stay at this lovely hotel when in the Bay Area.	
Aug 8 2008 	Lovely Hotel	Arrived in San Francisco as the first step in out California Tour. The Hotel is lovely but I would certainly opt for one of the outside rooms with a window. The Blue Mermaid Restaurant attached to the hotel was fine and the wine tasting in the evenings is a good way to meet fellow travellers. The only thing with Fishermans Wharf is that there are lots of vagrants on the streets which can be quite offputing when walking around. The hotel was right at the end of the cable car line so anywhere in San Francisco is fairly accessable. If you decide to stay in Fishermans Wharf I would recommend that you stay at this hotel.	
Aug 5 2008 	a lovely hotel	We loved this hotel. Slightly quirky design and features (like the wine tastings and the excellent choice in piped music) meant that it did not feel like just any hotel. Location great was exploring the coast (easy to cycle over the GG bridge, for example) and easy to get on the cable cars - or watch the queues build up later in the day! We were travelling with young children so the location suited us - if you want to hit downtown shopping then you might choose somewhere else.	
Aug 4 2008 	Loved the Argonaut	Loved this hotel. In a great location, very close to Fisherman's Wharf and beside cable car terminal. WE had booked one room but had been upgraded to a suite when we arrived. Beautiful room, friendly staff. Would definitely recommend the Argonaut.	
Jul 29 2008 	Amazing location fantastic rooms	We stayed only a night in San Francisco. Check in seemed a bit hectic since are very strict about the 3pm check-in time. Everyone was loitering around the lobby waiting for the rooms to become available. I think we went during one of the busiest weekends in San Francisco, I used to live up in the Bay Area and I have never seen so many people at the Wharf in my life! Hotel's location is fabulous and it is easy to walk, the trolly or the bus anywhere you need to go. Valet parking was actually slightly stressful. They are far to busy and left the rented SUV on the street for a very long time (concerned we would have parking tickets or something with it being out there for so long). The room was comfortable and nicely appointed. It was clean and the amenities were great. We would definetely go back but plan to never go to SF during the summer months again, we will probably travel during Sept &amp; Oct just to not be around so many crowds.	
Jul 26 2008	Excellent location on waterfront	My Wife and two children (6&amp;7) had a wonderful time at the Argonaut. The Location is excellent for waterfront activities and was quiet at night. The staff was very helpful and friendly and the rooms were nicely appointed. The rooms are a bit on the narrow side, but nicely done and super clean. Some people had posted that it was noisy on the side near the park, but we had no such problems. There is a nice restaurant connected to the hotel, as well as a museum. We had the best time there in September and enjoyed warming-up on the cool nights by the great fireplace. We loved the waterfront, China Town, taking a double-decker tour bus over the San Fran Bay Bridge. We would stay here again for sure and I'm very particular about hotels.	
Jul 23 2008 	Excellent Hotel	Our family of four recently spent three nights at the Argonaut, at the start of our California trip. We loved the hotel and had no complaints.We were all tired from our long, early morning flight when we arrived at the hotel but we were treated so well by the staff at the door and the front desk that we quickly perked up. Within minutes of arriving in our room our goldfish, Chester, was delivered to the delight of my daughter.Our room was on the second floor and looked out on to Alcatraz. I was surprised with the amount of noise out on the street, just how quiet our room was and we heard nothing from our neighbours. Fisherman's Wharf is a very busy spot in July!It is definetly a good idea to purchase tickets to Alcatraz online, as they do sell out. Also, the lines were very long for the cable cars but our doorman suggested that we go first thing in the morning. We went at 9am on a Saturday and encountered no lines. I was also surprised with just how cold San Francisco is so make sure you pack a variety of clothing.We thoroughly enjoyed the Argonaut and would love to return.	
Jul 20 2008 	Excellent Stay!	Our family of 4 just returned from a three-night visit at the Argonaut. We had an excellent stay in a fourth floor, double-queen room with a Cannery view. The hotel has a great location: across the street from the Hyde Street trolley car turnaround, easy walking distance to the Alcatraz ferry (the Alcatraz tour is highly recommended) and to Pier 39, and an easy drive to the GG Bridge. We specifically requested a room where they had no previous complaints about thin walls/noise, and had no problems. The hotel lobby was lovely, and we enjoyed the wine/beer tasting there each afternoon. Concierge was helpful in recommending area restaurants. My only negative thought is the $39 valet parking fee, (they actually imposed an additional $5 tax on the parking fee, which seemed ridiculous), but the hotel's central location made that easier to swallow. I would definitely return to the Argonaut.	
Jul 19 2008 	Ar-go-naut was Ar-go-HOT!	We loved this hotel. It was perfect for spending two nights near the wharf for our one year anniversary. Our room was above average. Well appointed. Clean. Bathrooms were small compared to the size of the room. Lobby was great people watching. We hit the comp wine/beer each evening---don't miss this. Location on the wharf is prime. We rented bikes from Blazing Saddles and did the GG bridge to Sausolito ride---would highly recommend this. Looking around the wharf we felt we definitly choose the best hotel in the area. Other brand name hotels looked rundown and seedy. The Argonaut on the other hand is first class and a must if you can work it into your budget. We'll go back for sure.	
Jul 16 2008 	Recommended!!!	Fantastic Themed Hotel located in the famous Wharf Area. The room we received was overlooking the bay and the Golden Gate Bridge and was nothing short of spectacular. Excellent facilities in the room included, Starbucks coffee, excellent shampoo/skincare products (L'occitane) , DVD/CD Player etc. and cleanliness was of the highest standard. The staff were very friendly and courteous and were only too willing to offer assistance with any of our queries.The Hotel is located a mere minute away from the Tram line which made acces to the city center painless, and of course you are near everything like the ferry to Alcatraz, bike hire stores, Bars Restaurants, Comedy Clubs etc etc.I see some people mention the noise levels in the Hotel. Indeed the walls were thin and you could hear a little of what was going on in the next room but to be honest the noise was minimal and after a days activity in San Francisco we never had any trouble getting to sleep.	
Jul 15 2008 	Loved this hotel!	Beautiful hotel, with a great location! Near Pier 39, cable car turnaround, etc. We had a queen/queen room, and found it very good size. We stayed on 4th floor,w/ view of Cannery, and didn't experience any noise at all. Hotel staff was very friendly, and the wine reception each evening was awesome! They had wine and beer! Would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Jul 15 2008 	So good you would want to call it home	I booked this hotel based on the reviews here on Trip Advisor and I wasn't disapointed. Amazing location and an even more amazing buliding. As soon as we stepped out of the car we got a great welcome from the staff, what do they give their doormen? They looked happy all the time. Greated by a wonderful reception team and then to our room. I did want to book a suite or a non standard room, but even booking far in advance they had all gone. So I didn't expect too much, but wow, our standrd room was lovely. Plush carpets, funny dressing gowns, neat and tidy bathroom with some very nice touches. We didn't have the best of views (maybe I should have booked a year in advance), but it didn't matter one bit.The location is perfect, the lift music the best in the world (The Clash one day, the breeders the next), some of the best hotel staff I've ever met. The only downside like some others have mentioned is that the walls do seem paper thin, first night we could hear everything a lady was saying to her family on the phone. Though this only lasted ten minutes, on another night a young family trying to get children to bed. Though it could be much worse. It's an old building so I assume that there is not much else they can do and in no way would it put me off staying again.I'm normally a fan of ultra modern minimal hotels but this hotel has completely won me over and it felt like a home in the city. Can't wait to come back to San Francisco and can't wait to stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 14 2008 	It was fine	Lots of previous reviews provided descriptions. I'll just highlight a few points we felt may be of interest in respect to our stay:-We got the shuttle directly from the airport to our hotel although we discovered from others on our flight that a taxi was cheaper than shuttle for 2 – just).SF was windy and because of this cold. Whilst we checked the temperature before arriving we were not prepared for how chilly it could be. We had to buy coats (at $20 each!!). Talked to other people who had done the same, and to many residents who said the wind and temperature could be experienced any time of year – so bring a coat.Wine tasting at Argonaut was excellent. A nice red or white wine or beer, and importantly a chance to chat to other guests.We had an inside room with views of opposite rooms (see photo). No problem, didn't spend much time in the rooms.Starbucks nearby as was Boudin the bakers. Good for breakfast. We didn't eat in hotel.We had toyed with the idea of a hotel at Union Square but glad we didn't. The cable car stop is close, but not too close, to the hotel which was handy. The cable car was the highlight of our holiday and taking the trip to Union Square takes you past Lombard Street. We got daily passes at $11 each but should have gone for 3 day passes and save a little. Hotel location is also great for Fisherman's wharf which is not the greatest of sights – a trifle commercialised but it is handy for Pier 39, Alcatraz trip (which was great – although in June the evening tour was not as atmospheric as we thought, maybe because it was too light).There are 7-11 and Walgreens nearby for bits and pieces.Nautical museum was just opposite the hotel.We found 4 days in SF long enough. The cable car got us to Union Square from where we could walk around Chinatown (we were not particularly impressed, a bit seedy) and from where we could get a bus to Alamo Square (the square was quite nice although we were a little surprised at the concrete high rise adjacent to the painted ladies).Left the bridge until our last day when we were driving to Monterey. It was totally fogged over. Maybe think about doing the bridge when you know the weather is clear.We ate dinner at Frascatis (didn't think it particularly Italian – our 3 course meal, minus one desert and a $54 bottle of wine came to $147 exc tip) and Fior d'Italia. Both excellent although we preferred Fior d'Italia.Everyone we met in San Francisco was very very pleasant and polite	
Jul 13 2008 	great hotelgreat location	recently spent 5 days in one of the suites with my family of 4. The suite is extremely large and accomadated us easily. Very confortable beds and even the &quot;roll away&quot; was very nice. For a family the location is great with easy access to all means of transportation and sites. The staff was very helpful throughout our stay. We also were also able to get a much better rate than publicized. We certainly would stay here again.	
Jul 11 2008 	Beautiful hotel in a great location...	My fiancée and I spent four nights at the Argonaut in Mid-June 2008. It was a wonderful hotel, nice clean rooms and very comfortable beds. The door staff were always courteous and full of useful info!San Francisco was as great as ever, only had one day of fog, the other three were beautiful and sunny.The only slight negative was the valet parking price of $45 per night. But, this is SF and I knew about the charges when I booked the trip. The valet staff were excellent but be aware that the parking garage is two blocks away so it always takes 10/15mins for your car to arrive once you've requested it!If you're think about going to SF you really don't need a car, the public transport system is good and it's only a small city so getting from A to B is relatively easy.I would definitely recommend a stay at the Argonaut Hotel.	
Jul 10 2008 	Perfect But Very Noisy At Times	We Checked In To The Argonaut On The 4th of July. We Had A Suite That Was $589 a night, which was an average price for the hotel's class. We LOVED our suite. it had a king bed, a bathroom with a jacuzzi and a large shower, and a reasonably-priced honor bar. The suite was completely SPOTLESS. No stains, no tears in the fabric, no peeling paint, NOTHING. It was as clean as could be. BUT - since we checked in on the 4th of July, let me tell you - NONSTOP NOISE ALL NIGHT. It was very annoying and I couldn't sleep until 1:30 AM because of it. It was very noisy on other nights, too.I have never had better service at a hotel. The staff was very friendly and knew everything you needed to know. There Was Happy Hour Every Night At 4, With Lots Of Wines, and, if you had kids with you, sparkling apple juice. The Hotel Is right in the middle of pretty much everything in fisherman's wharf. Sightseeing Bus Stops, The Piers are right across the street, awesome restaurants, and many tourist attractions. I can't even name them all. My stay here was as good as can be, and I would DEFINITELY stay here again.	
Jul 10 2008 	Bad service from reception 	I booked 3 rooms at the Argonaut for a stay in February 2008 and despite it being a nice hotel, I was bitterly disappointed with the service. The first room was an internal room, with no opening windows, which made it quite stuffy. The other two rooms had opening windows and were more spacious, which was much better. The rooms were clean and nicely appointed. However, although the rooms with opening windows were nicer, they were a little noisy with the noise from Fisherman’s Wharf filtering into the room. The bathroom products were very nice (L’Occitane). The porters were very friendly and helpful, however the reception staff were the complete opposite as was the reception manager. I upgraded our third room and was quoted a specific price on the first day by the porter. However, when I spoke to reception about our bill the next day I was told promptly by the desk manager that I would now have to pay double the price – it just seemed ludicrous when I was quoted a price the previous day. I even sent them an email to explain the situation but the staff (including the manager) did nothing to rectify this situation and as a result, I told them I would never stay at their hotel again, given their dismal service. Apart from the porters and the service people (who were very helpful), the staff and management are extremely unhelpful and unfriendly. Even though it is a very nice hotel, in a good location for Fisherman’s Wharf, it is not convenient for Union Square, where most of the good shopping is. On this basis, and the fact that I have absolutely no faith in the management of this hotel, I would never stay at the Argonaut again. My advice, look elsewhere in San Francisco, there has to be a better hotel than this in such a beautiful city.	
Jul 8 2008 	Near perfect experience	We booked 4 days at the Argonaut on the recommendation of a friend who had stayed there and it was a great decision. The hotel staff was very friendly, and the rooms were nicely decorated and very clean. We had a King room, which was quite small, but we knew that would be the case. It didn't really feel that small for just 2 people. The linens were great and the bathroom nicely done. Our only complaint with the room was that the walls were a little thin and we could hear the people next door pretty well when they got up--probably woudn't even have noticed had we not wanted to sleep in and they wanted to get up at 6:30 a.m.. The location was excellent. It is right on the edge of the real touristy part of Fisherman's Wharf and accessible to lots of restaurants, Starbucks, etc. It is really close to the trolley and very close to bus routes, so easy to get anywhere. It is quite a ways from BART but there are easy ways to get there. This hotel is a great place to stay and is a good value for the money.	
Jul 5 2008 	Nice location clean room good service noise problems	I stayed for 10 days in a room with 2 queen-size beds with a nice view over the bay and GG bridge.The room was nicely decorated and very clean, and the beds were reasonably comfortable. Room service was prompt and friendly.The staff clearly pays attention to detail. Umbrella in the closet, NYTimes on the doormat in the mornings, coffeemachine in the bathroom (well, allright) with two fresh Starbucks coffeepads every day. Once the roomservice found out that I used both coffeepads in the morning, they silently upgraded me to three. It's those little things that make you feel at home.Free internet was available (by ethernet cable) which worked reasonably well, although the connection was sometimes slow and unstable.I liked that I could open the window in the room and get some fresh ocean air. Nice.The minuses are mostly about noise. The ventilation system would not turn off completely (the airconditioning could) and sometimes produced considerable noise, also during the night. The minibar produces a quite audible hum. The sound insulation between rooms was such that I could hear the neighbours having the oldest fun in the world in full detail. And the touristy environment means that once you open the window, you get some street noise (street music, idiots thundering around on motorcycles with afterburners) as an added bonus.If you are not bothered by noise (or wear earplugs during the night), the Argonaut Hotel is a very good place to stay. If it weren't for the ventilation system and sound insulation, I would have rated it as &quot;excellent&quot;.Tip: I was pleasantly surprised by the San Francisco Maritime National Historical Park. The historical ships just opposite the hotel are wonderful, especially the three-masted cargo ship Balclutha and the wooden ferryboat Eureka.	
Jul 5 2008 	Nice location but some problems	Nice place for a first stay in San Francisco. Near the Pier 39, the cable cars, the Alcatraz Cruises ... We liked this hotel but when we return to San Franscico, we will choose another one. Very bad Internet Access. Due to the price per night the internet access must be included and this is not the case!!! No WIFI access!!! Our room was not cleaned when we came back at 2pm, intolerable!	
Jul 4 2008	Excellent location on Fisherman's Wharf	We had booked a 3 night stay in this hotel. We found the staff friendly and helpful. The room furnished &amp; decorated to a high standard, with two double beds. We even had a view of the Golden Gate Bridge and Cable Car turnaround which was a bonus. The hotel hosts a complimentary wine reception every evening for 1 hour which was a nice touch. The location of the hotel was excellent for sightseeing in San Francisco. Would highly recommend this hotel and would stay there again.	
Jul 2 2008 	Fantastic Argonaut	Wow, what a fantastic hotel! We were only here one night, - spent the rest of our San Francisco visit at the Omni to be closer to Union Square. From the check-in, everything was top notch. The lady at check-in was friendly, cheerful and very helpful. Our room was ready at around 1pm when we arrived. Our bags reached our room a couple of minutes after we did, and the friendly bellman apologised for the 'delay'. Did I say the staff was wonderful? The room has a whimsical nautical theme. The bathrobes had a wildlife theme, and it was wonderful to have a bathrobe that fitted. Usually hotels have them in a standard size, but the Argonaut supplies them in different sizes. Bed is very comfortable, L'Occitane toiletries, complimentary wi-fi., Starbucks coffee/tea, iPod dock. There are complimentary internet booths in the lobby. There is a complimentary wine hour at 5pm. I had the cider, which was very yummy. There is a complimentary Fisherman's Wharf tour on Saturdays at 10:30am. The concierge has menus for nearby restaurants, and recommended a restaurant in North Beach called Mangarosa (Italian/Brazillian cuisine), which was excellent. There are samba dancers on Thursdays for entertainment. Fisherman's Wharf is very touristy and I enjoyed my early morning stroll around the pier. Great location, wished we could have stayed longer. We came back a couple of nights later for an early dinner at the Argonaut's Blue Mermaid. It's a very reasonably priced family restaurant. Food was good, great service. We booked through Expedia.co.nz, and paid NZ$272 (including taxes) for the night.	
Jun 27 2008 	Wonderful place to stay	Spent one night at The Argonaut and wish that we could have stayed longer. We even missed the free wine hour but what the heck, the staff was so pleasant and not in a superficial,' I don't mean it' kind of way. Valet was on top of their game and was very helpful with directions or anything we might need. The roofm was super clean and I was looking for dirt in the areas that sometimes don't get the best housekeeping job. I couldn't find as much as a crumb! We were on the fourth floor in a two queen bedded room as we were traveling with our two children. We were upgraded to a Cannery/Alcatraz view because of our membership in Kimpton's In Touch program but it was really just a view of the Mexican restaurant below unless you really, really cranked your head. Still nice to receive. We also had a note welcoming us and a big bottle of water but didn't drink it because it didn't say it was complementary. Overall a great experience and I wouldn't hesitate to return whenever I am in the San Francisco area. Great decor. This was our first stay in a Kimtpon property but I am going to seek them out from now on.	
Jun 24 2008 	Fantastic Argonaut	Fantastic hotel, fantastic setting and fantastic city. Loved the Argonaut - very homely and the quirky rooms were so comfortable. We had the best view and the staff were always polite and friendly without being intrusive. Definitely a city and most definitely a hotel we'll come back to again. No complaints at all. Highlight of our trip to US.	
Jun 24 2008 	Great Stay	What a stay, great service from start to finish. The staff is beyond compare. When my flight was very late and my limo cancelled because we were too late coming in they contacted the limo company and made sure they were there for me. (Our 25th wedding anniv) They comp'ed us a room service dinner so we could just relax and the service never went down from there. Expensive hotel, but for a reason, they are worth it. Yes, the marine themed rooms are different, but the view of the Golden Gate Bridge right from our bed was great. I'm writing this a year late, but I couldn't let their great staff not get the recognition they deserve.	
Jun 18 2008 	Excellence at Fisherman's Wharf	After 5 nights at the Argonaut Hotel I am happy to give this charming hotel a 5 star review. Simply put, the Argonaut has a great location with easy access to public transit, a genuinely friendly, courteous staff and well appointed, spotless rooms. The Fisherman's Wharf location is very touristy and probably not suited for most business travellers, but for anyone on vacation, I dare think not that this hotel can be beat.	
Jun 3 2008 	Good but!	We read the reviews on tripadvisor before booking our hotel for a 5 night stay in San Francisco. First the good points. The room was very comfortable, it was a good size and it was immaculately presented. The bed was very comfy. The staff were very friendly and did their best to deal with queries about where to eat, where to go etc. The wine tasting every evening was a really nice touch.What wasn't so great was the noise levels from the adjoining room. There was no trouble with noise from the street but I could hear every word my neighbour said on the phone. This may be because these where interconnecting rooms. When we has asked about the noise we were told that the hotel was full. Also we had trouble getting through to room service and when we did the chips [fries for our american cousins!] were stone cold.Dont have breakfast in the hotel. The choice is limited, expensive and the Buena Vista Cafe is around the corner.The location had it's plusses and minuses. Fishermans Wharf is a bit like Blackpool with many cheap souvenir shops. Restaurants nearby are aimed at the mass tourism market and are not cheap. Having said that you are right next to the bay, the scenery is beautiful, it;s handy for the ferries and most importantly the cable car turnarounds at Market and Hyde. The hotel is right at the end of the Wharf so you do miss the worst of the crowds.Ride the cable cars they are a great way to see the city and unless you're a Sherpa the hills are out of the question.I don't regret staying at the hotel but I'm not 100% convinced I'd stay there again.	
Jun 3 2008	Beware of Certain Noisy Rooms	Most of the reviews here are very accurate; however please beware that per management, there are a number of rooms that are not properly sealed between the rooms. Basically, it is a historical building that was renovated and where the interior walls meet the brick need to be sealed properly. I was one of the unlucky ones. What this means is that every voice, television channel and romantic moan will be heard in these rooms.I was the very unlucky recipient of one of these rooms and I can tell you that there's a lot of romance going on in the rooms. I have three different neighbors and one fought while the other two were moaning the exact opposite.Other than that, it is a great location and great hotel; however if they can't guarantee a quiet room, avoid at all costs, as this is a hotel that is meant for well to do 20, 30 and 40 somethings. Parents with kids, please have an open mind over a weekend.	
Jun 3 2008 	Its all happening right outside the door	Excellent location on Fishermans Wharf for everything to do with the water and piers and terrific staff.Rooms are all a good size and the hotel is close to tram links over the hill to the city. Nautically themed which we thought was cute and kitch at the same time.We wouldnt recommend the place if city-life, or gay-life was the objective as Fishermans Wharf is a bit out of the way and touristy. Although in saying that, it is one of the closest points to cycle over the Golden Gate Bridge, handy to Alcatraz tours and some good restaurants around Fishermans Wharf in general.The Argonaut love dogs it appears, so feel free to take yours along as well.Oh and the clam chowder down in the restaurant is reputed to be San Frans best....and this was confirmed.	
Jun 1 2008 	Great option for families!	We stayed 4 nights over Memorial weekend. SF was hopping! Ours was a mother/daughter trip, with 2 girls turning 13. We were in a double queen room which was spacious and very attractively decorated. We really enjoyed the hotel which I chose based on TA reviews. I have to comment on the noise first. Having read the reviews and while I understand that it is an issue for some, we were so busy and entertained for four days and dog-tired when we returned to the hotel that it was never an issue for us. It must be a matter of expectations before you go...if we had wanted peace and quiet, clearly we would not have chosen a Fisherman's Wharf location! We would also not choose it for relaxation or a special-adult only occasion. That said, this is perfect for familes! The valets were outstanding, even recommending a great place for breakfast, directions, etc. They added a great deal of value to the experience. We also enjoyed the afternoon refreshments one day when we came back early after our bike ride--how refreshing and the service was again outstanding. We did not need the services of the concierge (we mastered that with TA!) so can't comment, but noticed that several tours were offered. I even checked-in and printed our boarding passes on their computer in the lobby the night before we left for FREE! For us, the proximity to the attractions at the wharf and the convenience of nearby restaurants made this the perfect location. My only advice would be to thoroughly research your choices so you are not surprised.	
May 31 2008 	Outstanding Experience!	My husband and I stayed at the property from May 25 through May 28, 2008 to celebrate our wedding anniversary. We were thrilled with the location, which is right by Fisherman's Wharf and next to the Hyde and Beach Cable Car line. The hotel has clean and spacious accommodations, great amenities, but mostly, noteworthy hospitality that was shown to us by the staff from the moment we checked in. We commented everyday on how glad we were to have chosen The Argonaut to spend our anniversary and would never stay anywhere else when visiting the city.  The most impressive interaction with the staff occurred on the day of our departure. On our last day, after checking out of our room, we realized we had left behind a diamond ring. Our bellman, Kevin, came to our rescue and became personally involved in doing everything possible to find my ring and he was successful. The housekeeping staff had turned in my ring and Kevin tracked it down.  We''ve stayed at 5 diamond properties and we believe they can learn a few things about guest satisfaction from the staff at the Argonaut. The staff is attentive, professional and committed to the guest experience and providing personalized service. The evening wine reception in the lobby where one can sit by the fireplace is also a value-add amenity not often found in San Francisco! We've read the prior reviews of the noise level in the rooms and the hotel ambiance. Please bear in mind you are actually staying in a warehouse style building, completely remodeled, that is very much like staying in an apartment in the city. If street noise may be a concern to you, request an interior room. We had guests in rooms on both sides of our room and never heard a thing. As for us, we loved having the window view of the neighboring park and bay. The sounds of the city are part of the experience of staying in San Francisco. The location can't get any better. You are in the heart of the Cannery and Fisherman's Wharf, you can walk to Ghirardelli Square, walk less than a block to catch the cable car and be in downtown, Chinatown or various city locations within minutes.We will never stay anywhere else when we visit San Francisco!	
May 28 2008 	Great for families but not family-ish	This is my first review here and I felt compelled to write something after our two night visit recently. I travelled with my husband and two small children (3 &amp; 10m) and this place it the perfect place to stay if you have kids! BUT, there aren't kids running around everywhere and it still feels like a grown up hotel. I gave this 4/5 stars because it met all my expectations and more, but wasn't flawless.Quickly why I love this hotel:Great, helpful staffRooms are comfortable &amp; clean (great beds &amp; bathroom products)Room has DVD playerIn room with two queen beds (cheapest room??) there's enough room for an extra pack n play with room to spareFree Happy hour 5 - 6 pm and free sparkling champagne for kidsGreat locationAffordable/ValueDiscount on valet for hybrids (25% off I think)&quot;green&quot; hotel (ie recycle bin in rooms etc)The only downside was the noise at night. I heard people walking around and footsteps, etc. Although, this would not deter me from staying here again. Maybe just bring light earplugs to ensure a perfect stay.	
May 27 2008 	Great Place to Stay!	Great setting at the end of the wharf (so your not in the midst of all of the craziness associated with the shops/bars). Very close to a lot of things....and reasonable cab ride to any SOMA, Marina, or Pacific Heights restaurants you may want to try out. There is a Starbucks at the back of the building....just in case you like a quick cup of coffee to help you get your day going. No complaints - really happy with what this hotel offered for the price. It's not the Mandarin Oriental or Four Seasons (these would be 5 star, excellent hotels) - but it is a quality 4-star hotel that allows you to start your San Francisco visit off on the right foot! We ventured off to Sonoma, Muir Woods, Sausalito, Alcatraz, SOMA/Mission District, and Pacific Heights...we never once felt inconveniences or let down by our hotel - the guys at the front door and front desk are very friendly and helpful as well.	
May 26 2008 	Worst noise ever in a room paper thin walls	I have never felt motivated to write in but a couple of reviews back someone complained about the noise and Argonaut management reply that they had made renovations to fix the problem. They havn't. We stayed on May 25th, 2008.The sound level in the room was the worst I have experienced in 15 years. I travel over 120 days per year so you do the math on how many rooms I'm comparing this too. Not only could I hear the TV in the room next to our, I could clearly make out that they were watching Law and Order. I went into the hall and realized that their TV was just as loud as ours, which was at normal volume. Later I could hear the guy next doors coughing. Too make our room even worst, we were in room 258, the stairs to the lobby and the elevator were right behind our heads. People were slamming the stairs door until late and started early. You could also hear the elevator whine. To add insult to injury there is a water/sewage pipe running through the ceilling and it swishes every couple of minutes when I first heard it I thought it was rainning. If we hadn't just flown in from Hong Kong we never would have fallen asleep..This hotel sells rooms based on their location. It was clean and the service was friendly but slow. The nautical theme is probably great for kids but is too disneyesk for me. Furnishing was comparable to a higher end holiday inn. A note to the management of the Argonaut , you spend a night in that room. Once you have, if you don't pull that room out of your inventory then you have not interest your guests.	
May 24 2008 	Favorite hotel	We just returned from our second stay at the Argonaut and this visit was even better than our first because we were given an upgrade to a king suite. We love this hotel--it is charming, the location is excellent and the staff could not be nicer. We will definitely stay at the Argonaut again on our next trip to San Francisco.	
May 19 2008 	worst case of paper-thin walls ever experienced	The hotel is overall really nice looking, great location. But soon enough we found out the walls were paper-thin. Don't even consider getting any sleep in this hotel - any little noise from the neighbors you will hear as if it was in your room. TV, people walking, people talking, dogs scratching (it is pet-friendly), toilets, showers. People's conversations are not even muffled by the walls, you can understand every word! You will not sleep, I promise.	
May 19 2008	Very Good Stay	Very good hotel.Very helpful staff.Good situation for getting about.Lovely and clean.	
May 16 2008 	Great Hotel	My husband and two children aged 10 and 8 visited the Argonaut Hotel for 3 nights at the end of our 2 week holiday to California. The hotel is in the best position, walking everywhere or just a few minutes taxi ride to Union Square and other attractions. The free drinks hour between 5 and 6 was a lovely touch.We had a family room which was very large with two large double beds.I would recommend this hotel for families as it is a bit more relaxed than the other chain hotels which are full of business people. If I return to San Francisco I would stay here again.	
May 13 2008 	Very well treated at the Argonaut	We stayed at the Argonaut for 4 nights in July-07. This is the best hotel I have stayed at in the Fisherman's Wharf area. The Concierge Michaela was fantastic , very helpful , pleasant and professional. She made our transfer from the airport (SFO) to the hotel very easy and stress-free. The hotel rooms were very clean and fresh.Probably if you have young children the only down-side is that there is no swimming pool.All the staff at the hotel are pleasant and will say hello to you , my 9 year-old son enjoyed the attention from the guys at the front door.The location is particularly handy for the Pier 39 , the Alcatraz ferry and the fire engine tour. Please note that tickets are usually sold out for Alcatraz when you arrive in San Francisco so its best to order them on-line in advance.Also the Fire Engine tour which takes you over the Golden Gate bridge is very funny and eccentric , we really enjoyed it. It is probably necessary to book it in advance as well.	
May 9 2008 	Convenient helpful 	I stayed here as a single female and it was a great place to be. The concierge was able to recommend great restaurants and trips, and the hotel is right next to lots of the sights, and the cable car turnaround so it's easy to get anywhere.Downside - I would have preferred facilities other than the adjoining seafood restaurant for breakfast etc.Definitely recommend.	
May 5 2008 	Excellent!!	My wife and I spent three nights at the Argonaut and were impressed with almost all aspects of the stay. The hotel is located in the Fishermans Wharf area in a remodeled warehouse.The rooms are spacious and clean, the staff is exceptionally friendly, and the location is terrific. It's only a block from the cable car line, two blocks from Ghiradelli Square and just a few blocks from the Pier 39 shopping area.Even though our window was only six or seven feet above ground level, street noise was not a problem. There is a reception in the lobby from 5-6 every evening with complimentary wine and non-alcoholic cider. There were no issues or negatives related to our stay.	
May 3 2008 	Great place to stay	We just returned from our second visit to San Francisco.This was our first stay at the Argonaut. What a great choice! The hotel and the rooms were very clean. The bed was comfortable (we had a king size). The employees were very courteous and helpful. The location is wonderful - in walking distance to many restaurants, shops, Pier 39 at Fisherman's Wharf and Gherdili Chocolate. We highly recommend the Argonaut and would not stay anywhere else.	
Apr 29 2008 	Small but Nice	This hotel is located in the heart of Fisherman's Wharf. Lots to do in the surrounding area and most everything is in walking distance. The rooms are nicely appointed but very, very small. If you like sprawling accomodations this probably isn't the place for you. Although, it is nice and has been updated the room consists of a bed, desk, television and four walls. It's close quarters! Staff is friendly but not the most accomodating... Parking your car at the hotel is expensive and there are NO other options. Parking is a big issue in this city and I'm sure that is why the hotel charges what they do. If you are looking for a clean, comfortable location within walking distance to fun attractions in San Diego this is a great option!	
Apr 23 2008 	Perfect Stop-over hotel	We stayed here for 2 nights on our way to New Zealand from the UK. It is in the most perfect location (walking distance to Pier 39 and the cable car etc) and the rooms overlooking the bay are great fun. We had our twin sons with us in an interconnecting room. The rooms are decorated in a jazzy nautical style, are very clean and offer everything you need including hilarious tiger skin nickers, just in case you have left yours behind!!! Breakfasts were delicious and the staff were alway very cheerful and eager to please. Overall, a fun and happy experience.	
Apr 21 2008 	10/10	We stayed two nights at this Kimpton Argonaut San Francisco, good impression started from the moment we stepped down at the front gate. This hotel put good efforts in human touch, staff are really willing to assist and it's pretty much natural expression.We had a pier view room with Alcatraz exactly right in the middle of the frame, single window not so big to give a panoramic view but great nevertheless. Nautical theme throughout the hotel and rooms are in good taste and very nice. Bathroom has all necessary amenities plus long list of items you can borrow at no cost and some for purchase.This hotel stressed on being pet friendly, throughout the stay I haven't seen any pets around and no sign of hair or smell whatsoever in our room. I'm pretty allergic to smell but this hotel is absolutely clean.Welcoming fucntion every afternoon were very good, lobby area is small but great. Location is very convenient for tramp connection and there seemed to be a good flow and availability of taxi at the front gate. Highly recommended and it's 10/10 for us.	
Apr 20 2008 	Pleasant stay a bit dark	The Argonaut is situated in the middle of all the action, close to the Wharf and some rooms have splendid views of the bay. The decor was whimsy and fun, a bit dark. We found a great rate online so booked several rooms for all the family, including the dog. The staff is very friendly and accomodating! The parking fee is high, especially if you've a SUV. Also, I'd categorize the Argonaut as a fun, family-friendly, clean, touristy place, not sophisticated-class.	
Apr 12 2008 	Ambiance in San Francisco	For a couple of nights in San Francisco to begin our holiday, the Argonaut was a great choice! It has a lot of atmosphere, friendly staff, and easy access to the restaurants and facilities of Fisherman's Wharf in combination with good connections to downtown shopping and dining.The maritime theme is everywhere, and done with good taste. The bare brick walls add to the ambiance. Our deluxe king room on the fourth floor overlooked the cable car station at Hyde Street, and also gave us an impeccable view of the Golden Gate bridge in the distance - what a treat when you're waking up with bad jet lag! The room was very spacious, and remarkably quiet despite overlooking the street.  The hotel seems to cater to a youngish-middle aged crowd. There were lots of families with children around, as well as older couples. If looking for a very quiet and classically sophisticated hotel experience, the Argonaut should probably not be your choice. Choose it if you are comfortable with a bit of a modern twist and a more animated scene.	
Apr 12 2008 	Argonaut is great!	We recently stayed at The Argonaut Hotel for 5 nights the first week of April 2008. Parents and 14 year old son. We/parents had been to San Francisco before, stayed in Union Square. My concern was with Fisherman's Wharf location, but it was great. We would stay at FW again, and at The Argonaut again. We used the cable cars A LOT, to go to Chinatown, to Union Square twice, to just tour around. Buy a pass (we did 3-day). They are also good for the street cars/trolleys. We used a trolley to get to pier for Alcatraz ferry, which was nice. Lots of great walking and tourist shops between hotel and Pier 39. Side streets have lots, also, including the ever-needed Walgreens. The hotel is charming and smartly decorated, love the nautical theme. The 5-6 pm wine/sparking cider in lobby is a great perk. We rarely had wine with dinner as a result.It was quite cool and windy. Since then, many friends have told me they had the same weather in the summer. You must have a light jacket. The hotel keeps the front door open during the day, so the lobby is quite cool. Most restaurants do the same--lots of open air/fresh air! And of course, the cable cars are open air.Hotel layout: we paid more for bridge view. Windows are quite narrow, it was not much of a view. It was from the side, had to cram one's self into a corner chair to see the bridge. On the other hand, the alternative view is to see other rooms, across a narrow opening -- hotel is like a U.	
Apr 11 2008 	Classy	We stayed here for a week over Easter. It is a very classy 4 star hotel. Our King room was large and very comfortable - the only criticism is that we were kept awake one night because we could hear a baby crying in the next room.The staff were all really helpful and friendly and the hotel is in a great spot.	
Apr 9 2008 	Friendliest Hotel in San Francisco!	My niece and I went to San Francisco for three days as part of our Spring Break. We stayed at the Argonaut and loved it! We pulled up to the hotel in our rented car and were greeted immediately. Check in was flawless. We were told that we had been upgraded from our standard room. That was a nice surprise! The room was larger than most hotel rooms with the usual small (but a bit larger than other hotels') bathroom. Clean, clean, clean! This is the friendliest staff in San Francisco. Everyone greets you with a smile and a hello. I've stayed at a lot of hotels throughout this world but this one takes the prize for catering to its clientele. An evening reception is held from 5:00 to 6:00 PM daily with alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks. The New York TImes is delivered daily. I had a problem with the magnetic key. After replacing the key, I was asked, &quot;Is there anything else we can help you with? DIrections? Places to eat?&quot; These folks really want to help you!This hotel not only caters to humans but to canines as well. We didn't see any pooches on our visit but we heard that they're just as pampered as their &quot;pawrents.&quot; The location is prime. The cable cars are within walking distance. Hop on/Hop off buses pass frequently. The Aquatic Park, Fisherman's Wharf, and Pier 39 are within walking distance. We didn't eat at the hotel but we had a wonderful breakfast at the Buena Vista, one block north of the hotel. Their Eggs Bendicts are out of this world. Yum!We didn't try room service or the in-room spa services. The maid service is excellent. We put our &quot;Please clean this room&quot; sign before going to breakfast one morning. We came back an hour later to a room that was clean and ready for us.I highly recommend the Argonaut Hotel!	
Apr 9 2008 	Good Hotel  Good Location	After looking at numerous hotels in San Francisco on tripadvisor we made the decision to stay at the Argonaut , we made the right decision .......4 star hotel with 5 star service.bellman ..goodconcierge.. goodreception .. very goodblue mermaid .. very good room .. excellentlocation ..superb This is the best &quot;leisure&quot; hotels we have stayed in ,fishermans wharf , trolley car , resturaunts , diners , bar/pub are all within 2 minutes walking distance.Yes we would stay again....	
Apr 8 2008	Quirky features made this a good hotel to visit.....	Only stayed three nights as we were making our back to the U.K from three weeks in Hawaii.Very nice and very clean hotel, with all the extra touches I had heard about.All the fixtures and fittings were individual and very expensive, which makes a change from all the hotel chains that we usually stay.As you can see from the review before this, it pays to do your homework and make sure you stipulate (I would think this was obvious, but hey ho) that you want a view of the Golden Gate bridge as we did.I'm not too sure about the leopard skin bathrobe, but everyone else has white ones, so why not.Staff all very helpful and this proved to be a very suitable place to use as a base to explore San Francisco for a few days.Lyn and Ian Newell. Plymouth U.K	
Apr 7 2008 	Fine except for the restaurant	The Argonaut is an imaginatively designed hotel in a former warehouse very close to Fisherman's Wharf. The rooms are cleverly fitted into the framework of the old building and are well-appointed and comfortable, except that there is a lack of drawers for clothing so we were compelled to use our suitcases for storage.The hotel's restaurant, the Blue Mermaid, was a big disappointment. It is far below the standard one would expect from a first-class hotel. It is nothing more than a large and noisy bar with a constant traffic through it. We only ate breakfast there and were immediately put off by poor service and greasy and overpriced food. Fortunately, there are many other better places to eat in the neighborhood.	
Apr 2 2008 	Excellent hotel	An excellent hotel - clean, comfortable and in a great location. Also offered fantastic value for money. Highly recommended.	
Apr 1 2008	The argonaut hotel?	What can I say about the Argonaut Hotel but GREAT,GREAT,GREAT!!Its almost like you don't want anyone to know about this gem of a hotel. location ,staff, rooms...Happy Hour all fantastic! Wouldn't stay anywhere else at any price!!	
Mar 30 2008	Wonderful hotel	Stayed for one night in March 2008. Lovely attention to detail in this hotel, maritime theme runs throughout. Comfy rooms with great extras should you require them. Friendly staff and great free drinks reception every day for an hour. We went to the restaurant which was fab. Only down side, no hotel bar (you had to go to the restaurant) i also got a very big phone bill for a 10mins call to the UK. But other than that there was no issues what a great stay we had. Would definitely recommend.	
Mar 30 2008 	Lots of personality in a great location	We stayed there for Spring Break, taking our 9-year-old son and 12-year-old daughter, after a stay near Yosemite Park. We were promptly greeted by the bell captain and had our car &amp; luggage managed with no fuss. We were checked in quickly, and accompanied with our bags to the room. We were disappointed to find out that we could not get a roll-away bed in the room (our kids have long ago become opposed to sleeping in the same bed); I had forgotten to arrange it in advance.The original brick and beam construction was evident in our room and the lobby. The decor throughout the hotel was fresh and original, with much more personalization than you would expect in a boutique hotel. For example, the lobby had chairs with an embroidered &quot;A&quot; on them, and our towels were also embroidered with an &quot;A&quot;. The hotel's own web site has lots of photos so I haven't bothered to post any.We had breakfast in the Blue Mermaid, the hotel's restaurant. Service and food were good, but I had an &quot;OMG&quot; moment when the check arrived. In fairness, this shouldn't be a big surprise in a hotel restaurant in the heart of a major urban tourist area.We visited Michaela at the concierge desk a couple of times and this was our only real disappointment in the hotel. We selected the hotel based on a recommendation from Frommer's &quot;San Francisco with Kids&quot;--it was their #1 choice of family-friendly hotels. But Michaela seemed perplexed when we asked about local activities--&quot;San Francisco isn't really a good city for children.&quot; How preposterous.The location is really prime. It's steps away from the start of the Powell-Hyde cable car line that runs all the way to Market Street, and steps away from the turnaround of the F-line streetcar that runs down The Embarcadero. It's also a short walk to Aquatic Park., Ghirardelli Square, and The Cannery. Although there is abundant night life in this part of the city, our room had no noticeable street noise even though it faced Jefferson Street, even on a Friday night.	
Mar 27 2008	Awesome!	We had such a nice experience at this hotel for our one year anniversary. They paid such attention to detail, it was the Disney World of maritime. Pay the extra money to get an exterior room, they're roomier &amp; the view is nicer than seeing another window. I think it only costs about $20-30 more a night.	
Mar 24 2008 	Fabulous Location and Comfortable Accommodations	The Argonaut Hotel is a fabulous property for families, couples, singles, and groups who desire comfortable accommodations, attentive staff, and a convenient location to San Francisco’s Fisherman’s Wharf area with easy access to public transportation to all other areas in and around San Francisco.I would strongly recommend this hotel property if you have plans on fully imbibing in all of San Francisco’s tourist attractions. It also serves as a wonderful home-base for persons who plan on enjoying the entire bay area sights and sounds.	
Mar 24 2008 	25th Anniversary	The hotel = beautiful.The staff = wonderful; helped us celebrate our 25th Anniversary.Everything = GREAT!!!We will stay again!	
Mar 18 2008 	Sedate	I recently stayed at The Argonaut on Fisherman's Wharf in San Francisco. This was a lovely hotel in an excellent location. The restaurants nearby were really good.The hotel was lovely. Very welcoming, the staff on reception were a little abrupt but nothing I couldn't cope with.The hotel has wine tasting every evening which was good fun, even if, like me, you don't drink. They have apple juice!What did surprise me with the area was that it just dies after 9.30pm. We got turned away from a couple of restaurants at 9.45pm! And the hotel bar doesn't seem to stay open for long either. At least you can sleep well with not much noise outside!	
Mar 14 2008 	Wonderful Stay	My wife and I stayed here on our honeymoon for 2 nights in early March and had a great stay.I had booked a room at another hotel on hotels.com on Jan. 6th though. Then 4 days before we were to start our honeymoon in San Fran., hotels.com send me an e-mail to say they had to change my reservation from a hotel downtown to a hotel at the airport. I rufused and was given a refund and no hotel. There was a huge 30,000 person convention in town at the same time so all the hotels were full. I got lucky though and was able to book a bay view room at The Argonaut. This was the best thing that could of happened to us! This place was amazing! We arrived at the hotel around 12:30pm and were able to check in right away! The staff were all so nice and called us by name whenever they saw us. The room was amazing! We had a beautiful view of Alcatraz Island and could even see the golden gate. Internet worked great and the TV was fine. It's not a big fancy TV, but we didn't fly all the way to San Fran. to watch TV anyway. What made our stay so great was the concierge. There was a wonderful young lady there that recommended 2 wonderful resturants for dinners and an amazing dim sum resturant for lunch. We enjoyed San Fran. way more then we ever thought we would and we owe that to The Argonaut Hotel and there staff. We can't wait to come visit again.	
Mar 11 2008 	Doggone GREAT!	My husband and I and our two 50 pound mutts have just returned from a wonderful stay at the Argonaut. We chose this hotel because of it's great location at the end of Fisherman's Wharf and because of the Kimpton Hotel's fabulous pet friendly policy. When we checked in, we were offered pet beds and feeding bowls...no extra charge! No extra charge for the pets, either! There is a nice park right next door, so very convenient for doggy walks. One of our boys, Buster, was freaked out by the very highly polished wood floor at the entrance, and after dragging him the length of the lobby on his belly, we opted for the stairs instead. Problem solved. We had a king suite towards the rear of the hotel on the first night (Saturday), which was a bit noisy for us early to bed types, but the next morning we asked the front desk clerk if we could move to a quieter room. She was very gracious and offered us another suite at the front of the hotel, which was much quieter and had a spectacular view. Still noisy in the afternoon with the outdoor entertainment in the adjacent courtyard, and if we return we will ask for a room on the Hyde St. side of the building, which faces the park. The suites were HUGE, spacious and comfortable, and the jacuzzi tub was big enough for a family to paddle around in. New York Times &amp; SF Chron delivered daily, great service, smiling employees, relaxed and welcoming atmosphere...it doesn't get much better than this in SF!	
Mar 10 2008 	Clean Nicely Appointed Polite Pet Friendly Home Away From Home	My husband and I lived here for a few weeks during a relocation. We had a large dog and a cat with us and both were welcomed with open arms! The bellmen became well acquinted with the dog and treated him like a regular guest, always opening the door for him. If you are a pet owner that likes to travel with you pets, Kimpton properties are ideal! If you are not a pet owner, you need not worry, there was not a problem with noise or smells as the hotel is kept in perfect condition. The pets coming in and out just add character to the experience. In term of potting your pet, unlike many hotels, there is a wonder green grassy park right across the street to take a little stroll.The hotel is in a great location right on Fisherman's Wharf. Many restaurants and shopping are within walking distance as well as access to the ports with tours going out into the Bay. You are also within a long walk to the Golden Gate Bridge.The rooms are nicely decorated and comfortable. If you can afford upgrades on the rooms it is worth it - the standard rooms seem a little small. The best rooms are the corner suites. Especially those that have alcatrez and golden gate views.Yet another beautiful property from Kimpton.	
Mar 8 2008 	Loved the Argonaut-Very Romantic	I researched extensively for the perfect city and hotel for my first anniversary and certainly found it! San Francisco is incredibly beautiful and the Argonaut Hotel was simply fantastic. I was a little skeptical about the nautical theme but after reading other reviews and viewing their pics thought we'd give the Argonaut a try. Upon arrival, the doormen were so friendly and so cute in their white hats, blowing their whistles the entire time! They immediately gave us suggestions for dinner and shopping nearby. While checking in we mentioned we were there for our anniversary and the concierge told us that he'd send a bottle of champagne up to our room the following day for our anniversary. I couldn't believe it when we returned the next day after a trip to Napa Valley (already a little schnookered) and the bottle arrived at our front door. How thoughtful! The room itself was very tastefully decorated and even included two leopard-printed robes (also not my taste!) to relax in. We had a great time drinking our champagne and taking pics in the comfy robes. I ended up ordering room service and the food was also fantastic. The best part of our stay was the nightly wine tasting offered in the lobby. The lobby is also decorated with a nautical theme including lounge chairs and sails and was absolutely adorable. Seating filled up fast so I would recommend getting there early or taking the wine back to your room. It was a really nice touch sipping and relaxing with a glass of wine after a long day of exploring and walking around San Fran. The only negative thing I can say is that the window in the room is fairly small and when we booked we were given the option of a Golden Gate view or a view of Alcatraz. We took the alcatraz &quot;view&quot; but it was in the distance and not what we expected. We were however able to see the Golden Gate Bridge as well from our room. I would recommend at least getting a room with a view of the bay but it doesn't matter which view. The prices at the Argonaut are also a little expensive but I found that booking through a last minute website saved us quite a bit of money. Overall the Argonaut is a fantastic boutique hotel and a nice change from the chain hotels in the area. We will certainly be returning to the Argonaut Hotel for another romantic weekend.	
Feb 28 2008 	Perfect location very cool hotel	The Argonaut is, in my opinion, the only place to stay in San Francisco, especially if you have kids. It's location on Fisherman's Wharf is great, because it is at the quiet end near the lovely park. I can't say enough about the excellence of this hotel: The staff were fantastic, nothing was too much trouble. The decor was spot-on (sophisticated and funky, but also the kids loved it.) The nightly happy hour was hopping. The kids loved the freebie treasure chest pick each day. The room was comfortable, decorated nicely, lovely amenities. Loved looking out the window and seeing the Park and Cable Cars and people walking about. Okay, maybe a little too much street noise, but if you stay here, there really isn't a way around that. The windows are pretty sound proof. The conceirge was helpful and knowledgable, the front desk went out of their way to give good service. The only sad note was the passing of Bubble the goldfish, as he was quickly christened. In the morning my son gave us the bad news of his demise. I told the front desk guy, he asked if we wanted another, but we didn't want to risk it. Loved that the museum was located in the lobby, though I understand that is temporary. Was a little disappointed in the breakfast at the Blue Mermaid, which was more miss than hit. The food was just never hot or fresh enough. Apart from that though, this place was a great choice for our 3 night stay.	
Feb 28 2008 	Love the Argonaut	The Argonaut Hotel is one of my favorite places to stay. This was our second time visiting this hotel. Everyone was great. The wine tasting in the beautiful lobby was excellent and so relaxing.This time we bought a package so we had a deluxe room. Last time our view was nonexistent. This time we overlooked the Cannery and part of the Bay. I am not sure I would pay the extra money, but it nice to be able to watch the ships in the morning.Breakfast at the Blue Mermaid was included in our package. It was pretty good, not excellent, but the servers were very nice. I did have Crab chowder there twice in the evening and it was delicious. Once again, the service there was very friendly.I have two boys, and our favorite thing to do is walk across the street to the Maritime Museum and board the boats. The boys loved that they can explore every inch of these old ships. The price is a steal. The cost is five dollars per adult for an entire week. Kids are free. We visited every day of our trip. I think the most beautiful view of San Francisco is off the Balcutha, the sailing ship. You can see the Golden Gate Bridge, Alcatraz, the Bay, and the entire city.The Argonaut is very centrally located. We used public transportation including cable cars and the trolley. Ghirardelli Square is close, as is Pier 39 and Fisherman’s Wharf. We also drove to Muir Woods (beautiful) and Sonoma Valley which was a pretty easy trip.I highly recommend the Argonaut. It is such a funky little hotel, but very classy. I look forward to staying at another Kimpton hotel some day.	
Feb 27 2008	Top Marks to The Argonaut in San Francisco!!	Hi -I just wanted to write and let you know how impressed I am with the quality of the service provided by The Argonaut. I recently made a reservation by phone and I was given the absolute best service imaginable by my representative.He was polite, helpful, and efficient. Who knew that making a reservation could actually make such a difference?The stay was also perfect. Everything was exactly as we expected and the staff were extraordinarily welcoming and helpful.Thank you to The Argonaut for its commitment to perfect service!Linda (Foster City, CA)	
Feb 21 2008 	Argonaut Rocks!	First let me start off by saying...if you don't like dogs or kids, then don't stay here! The hotel is full of both. :) We brought our 2 chihuahuas to the Argonaut, since they are pet friendly. We had never taken our little dogs to a hotel before, it was an awesome experience to have them with us. Unfortunately, they barked at night when we left them in the room to go have dinner. The front desk staff volunteered to baby-sit them for us! It was sooo nice not having to worry about our pets. I especially want to thank Josh at the front desk! He was able to watch them both nights when we went to have dinner and take a tour of Alcatraz. The hotel is accommodating to any needs you may have, and all of the staff were friendly and polite. The walls are pretty thin, so we did hear some other dogs barking and some kids playing, but it was not bad at all.Valet parking was a breeze, however you are paying for this convenience. The parking is $39 per day and tax is added on top of that, for a total of about $45 per day.The amenities in the rooms are excellent...nice TV, nice lighting, nice shampoo, etc. Plus the location is awesome. You are right in the midst of everything. Steve &amp; Barry's is almost right next door...a great affordable clothing store. I loved it!Thanks Argonaut!!	
Feb 20 2008 	Excellent Hotel -- Convenient and Fun	Booked the Argonaut Hotel for a weekend trip to San Francisco. It was excellent. The room was spacious for two kids and parents. The staff was very helpful and we had a great stay. The hotel is convenient to Fisherman's Wharf fun and also is right next to the Trolley. Make sure you get a multi day pass for the trolley as it is a great deal. There is also a great view of the Golden Gate Bridge just a short block walk from the hotel. You get a great view while waiting for the trolley. A clue on the trolley---if there is a line just simply walk up one block or two and yuo can catch the trolley with NO line and no wait! That will make your trolley ride much better as they don't allow a full car to leave the terminal station. Do this both ways and you can save lots of time.The evening wine event is fun if you like wine and to chat with others. Breakfast: The Buena Vista just one block up is fun for breakfast. It's a small place but worth the wait!Lombard Street is just a short three block UPHILL fun walk so give it a try.Ananda Fuara vegetarian restuarant is a great deal for good food in the downtown area. It's in the downtown area but it's safe and easy to walk to from the main trolley stop downtown.	
Feb 15 2008 	Excellent Fishermans Wharf location	I really liked this hotel. The hotel is at the far end of Fishermans Wharf, right next to the Mason Powell cable car turntable and directly opposite the Aquatic Park and steps from Ghirardelli Square. So location wise, it is great!We paid extra for a room with a view of the bay and Golden Gate bridge. an excellent view. The rooms are large albeit a little odd in shape. They are long and narrow but pleasant enough. This is probably due to the conversion from its previous use which I imagine was a warehouse or something similar.The TV needs updating to LCD but was fit for purpose. The furnishings are pleasantly quirky including the starfish style pillow (removed at evening turndown). The furniture is comfortable.The bathroom door was a sliding door, probably to save space. Fine, but ours needed to be oiled...Bathroom was very clean and tidy and well maintained.All in all, a pleasant stay and if I were to stay in the Fishermans Wharf area of SF again I would probably return to the Argonaut. But generally I would stay in the 4/5 stars in the city centre, in particular the MO, Four Seasons or W.But if you want to stay in Fishermans Wharf I can strongly recommend this hotel.	
Feb 13 2008	Argo-NOT	This was a terrible hotel for the price. For over $300.00 a night we expected a little more than a closet. We had requested a high floor, but were put on the street level where the noise was rediculous, and if we opened the blinds to let in some light we were watching people's legs as they walked past and looked in our room.The room was so narrow it was practically a closet. The only mirror in the whole room was at the foot of the bed (which you could just barely squeeze around to get in the other side). So to look in the mirror you had to kneel on the bed. Are you kidding me with this?? For $300.00 ???Even if we overlook the &quot;little boy's sailor bedroom&quot; theme, the layout was awful. The TV was to the far left of the bed b/c it couldn't fit at the foot---oh, yeah...that's where the mirror was squeezed in.Earlier in our trip we stayed at the Marriot on Union Square and it was a MUCH better hotel for the money. This hotel was awful.	
Feb 5 2008	Perfect Location	The Argonaut is a great tourist location - right next to the Cannery and a few blocks away from Fisherman's Wharf. Great restaurants are everywhere and the cable car is right there. Also easy to get a cab or hop on the double decker tour bus to get to Chinatown, Union Square, etc. There is also an in-and-out burger next door for those of you who need your fix when you visit California!The hotel decor was great with exposed beams and brick. The nautical theme was evident throughout the hotel and there was a maritime museum connected via the lobby.The room was very clean and spacious! I understand all of the rooms are slightly different - we had a King room with a sitting area. The bathroom was a bit small but certainly adequate and clean.The only hotel meal we had was room service/breakfast one morning - service was very slow and they forgot several items. But with so many other great choices in the area, I wouldn't let this impact a decision to stay here.Expect about a $40-45 dollar taxi ride to and from the SFO airport. Parking is expensive at about $40/day - so if longer than a couple of days, I'd recommend the taxi.Overall - would highly recommend the hotel and look forward to staying there on my next trip back to San Francisco!	
Feb 1 2008 	Great place to stay	I stayed at the hotel Jan. 25 through Jan. 29 in room 230. My flight from Tucson experienced computer problems, so I missed my connection in LA. My new flight to SF from LA was late, and we sat on the tarmac for hours. Once in San Francisco, one man in our shuttle van was drunk and obnoxious, and to top it all off, the rains fell in buckets. I was tired. I was hungry. I was soaking cold. I was not a happy camper when I arrived at The Argonaut; however, my reservation was there on the computers, the staff was helpful and friendly, my room was just beautifully organized and clean and welcoming, and that first night's dinner in The Blue Mermaid (fried shrimp for me and chowder for my husband) was perfectly prepared . . . and I had read negative reviews specifically about the restaurant and was mentally prepared for a disaster. The wait staff was courteous, and the food was excellent. When I woke the following morning, I opened the wooden blinds to see the cable car turnaround, the Golden Gate Bridge off in the distance, and the sights and sounds of the wharf waking up. What a perfectly wonderful hotel. The decor made me smile, and the renovation of the old cannery and its history added a charm that too many modern hotels lack. Thank you for a great vacation.	
Feb 1 2008 	Fantastic!	Set in the old Del Monte Cannery in the Fisherman's Wharf area of San Francisco, this is a truly fabulous experience.Our room was on the top floor of the hotel, with a view across the Bay of both Alcatraz Island, the piers and (if you craned your neck) the Golden Gate Bridge.The room was large, and well equipped. Especially liked the Starbucks coffee and filter machine. (Why can't more hotels provide these touches).The staff were very efficent and friendly, and the evening wine tasting session was a fantastic way to wind down after a hard day's sightseeing.If you go to SF, make sure you stay here!	
Feb 1 2008 	Really nice place!	We were very pleased with the Argonaut. The staff really bends over backward to help in any way they can. The housekeeping staff and all the maintenance workers smiled and greeted us if we passed by. The fitness room was excellent, with new machines and video screens at each cardio station. They also provided water, newspapers, and towels in the fitness center.We only had breakfast at the restaurant, and it was fine; nothing spectacular.We loved the lobby, with the fireplace and the wine tasting every evening. Our room was spacious, comfortable, and even had a view of the Golden Gate Bridge! We also had a view of the cable car terminus, which was kind of cool. A definite plus to this hotel is that it is right on a waterfront trail -- you can bike or walk all the way to the Golden Gate Bridge (Fort Point is the end of the trail) if you like!	
Jan 31 2008 	Great Staff!	My husband and I stayed at the Argonaut for 2 nights and adored it!!We like to stay in the Kimpton Group hotels and the Argonaut is now top on our list. We loved the touch of &quot;whimsy&quot; in the room decor. The location is also very good for those who want to experience the Fisherman's Wharf area.What made this hotel stand out for us was the friendliness of the staff.	
Jan 28 2008 	Great location	We stayed at the Argonaut Hotel after it had been recommended to us by two colleagues. As we were staying there after a 11-hour flight and only for one night we booked the interior room.The receptionist was friendly and welcoming and the room was spacious and comfortable. There is a cable car turning point just outside the hotel and Alcatraz and the Golden Gate Bridge can be seen too. Pier 39 is within walking distance.It's a great hotel with a fantastic location. Parking is a bit expensive though. We booked the shuttle bus from the airport and picked up our hire car from the Avis station around the corner.Would I stay again? Most definitely!	
Jan 24 2008 	Good service and nice rooms	Hotel booked via Expedia.Hotel nicely located. The rooms are pretty big and the service was very good. The business center was very useful as well but not cheap.My wife and myself were in SF for 4 nights and we really enjoyed our stay. The price/quality is very attractive.	
Jan 22 2008 	Fantastic Hotel with very friendly staff who could not do enough for you!	My partner and I spent the christmas period at this hotel from December 24th to December 30th. We had read many reviews on Trip Advisor and at the time of booking, this hotel was number 4 in the list of best hotels and we were not disapointed. As it was the christmas period we upgraded our room to a Bay view and enjoyed seeing Alcatraz every morning when we opened the blinds! The standard rooms are very similar with views to the side and rear of the Cannery and some have a courtyard view located in the centre of the building. the upgrade price was reasonable and made our stay even more enjoyable.The rooms are very well equipped and each has a nautical theme. The bed was very comfortable and there was a sofa for relaxing on at the end of a busy day. The room had all the usual extras that you expect from a quality hotel plus a DVD player which was good for playing music CD's whilst getting ready for dinnerThe staff at the hotel were wonderful. I used the Valet service for the car and whilst cheaper parking is avaialble round the corner the convenience factor for me meant that it was not worth considering another option. The desk and concierge service were both efficent and professional and the restaurant staff were very friendly too.The free wine tasting went down very well each night and it was possible to have several glasses of wine rather than just one. Most evenings we took our refills back to our room.Overall this is one of the best hotels that I have stayed in during my many trips to the USA and I am looking forward to my next visit hopefully not to far in the future	
Jan 21 2008	Exellent choice for a family	We just returned from a one-night stay at the Argonaut. This was our second visit in about three years. We got a very good rate of 169.00 a night, and as a Kimpton member, received a free upgrade to a 4th floor, bay view room. On our previous visit, we had a courtyard view room. Other rooms are nonview interior rooms and we have not stayed in those. Staff was very friendly, and our room was really, really clean. We parked in a garage near the hotel for 32.00 (the maximum rate); the hotel valet parking charges 39.00 not including tax. There is no garage connected to the hotel.We travelled with two older children and the room was large enough to accommodate us comfortably. Good sized bathroom. Very comfortable beds and pillows, and efficient heat/air in each room. We did not have any trouble with noise from adjoining rooms, but I don't think the hotel was full on the night we were there.My only negative is that although the hotel is located on the quiet end of Fisherman's Wharf, near Ghirardelli Square (which is being renovated), and the cable car turnaround, the rest of Fisherman's Wharf is so trashy. I'd forgotten how unpleasant it is to walk past junky souvenir stores with hoardes of people! But the city is beautiful, riding the cable cars to Chinatown or beyond is always fun, and Golden Gate Park and the Presidio are lovely.	
Jan 20 2008	Don't trust them for Events or anything remotely complex	My family were staying at the Argoanut for my wedding. I'd heard great things about Klimpton Hotels, but something went terribly awry. The reservations were completely screwed up. They tried to give us rooms, that were already reservered by others, and did not tell me till I called a month before the wedding to reconfirm. I left mulitple messages and NO ONE would call me back. Meanwhile my family is wondering if they should cancel their travel plans to come to my wedding. Out of desparation I called a manager three weeks before the wedding, in tears, because I had not idea if my family had rooms, despite that I blocked off 7 months beforehand. Although the manager found us rooms, but the real disaster is when they charged the wrong cards for the rooms, that was was horribly embarrassing. My whole family was mad and yes, the Argonaut made me get in the middle of it to straiten it out. I was late to my own reception dinner, because they said they'd have the car ready in 15 minutes, and it took them 45. I think it was because the curbside staff was so busy chatting up the girls walking up and down the street, they forgot to do thier job. The place is nice, and the prices are great - but don't count on them for anything important.Relying on the Argonaut was by far the most stressful and horrible aspect of my wedding. They really ruined the experience for me. Every time I think about my special day, I cringe, and the Argonaut debacle is the first thing to come to mind, eventhough I try really hard to forget it and move on. Don't make the same mistake I did.	
Jan 17 2008 	Brilliant hotel! Best location for the Wharf!	We were lucky enough to get a really good rate at the Argonaut - only $209 a night for 4 nights incl NYE, which is very good value for the location &amp; time of year that it was. On the Wharf and beside the Cable car base, The Argonaut Hotel is right in the heart of what San Francisco is all about. Views of the Golden Gate bridge if you're lucky enough to have a room with a view, and the walk from the hotel along the wharf to Pier 39 is charming - lots of cute shops &amp; San Francisco character.Rooms are clean &amp; spacious, with a big TV, DVD player, ice bucket replenished daily if you want it &amp; a cute chocolate surprise every evening at &quot;turn-down&quot; time. The beds are the most comfortable we've ever slept in at any hotel!! The hotel staff are friendly, providing complimentary wine tasting evenings everyday at 6pm - and they aren't shy with the wine &amp; refills!!!The only drawback for the hotel is the restaurant - do not have dinner there!!! Whilst breakfast is definitely worth having, our dinner experience was 1 that goes into our book of dining catastrophes! They don't have a bar of any decent standard but there are a couple of Irish bars within a 2 min walk of the hotel, so that didn't cause us a problem.We love San Francisco and are already planning a return trip, and if we can get such a good rate from the Argonaut Hotel again, we will definitely be returning!	
Jan 15 2008 	Nice and Convenient Place	We stayed here for a few nights in late December. This is a very nice hotel, as other guests have said, and the staff is very nice. Our room was very large for a two-bedded room. The hotel is in a busy, and very convenient location, but was very quiet inside, even on New Year's Eve! We were only one floor above street level on the side street and my husband, who is very sensitive to noise, had no problems whatsoever. The only problem we had was that one side of the room was a bit warmer than the other; the weather was unusually chilly for California so probably that wouldn't be an issue at any other time.	
Jan 15 2008 	Great Time at the Argonaut Hotel	We stayed at the Argonaut hotel from Christmas day for 8 nights and overall we had a wonderful time.I had opted for their room upgrade, if available, at only an extra $69/night for a suite, when we arrived the check in was super efficient, we were told that there was a suite available but only for 6 nights, which we opted to take and they said that they would do everything that they could for us to be able to stay in the same suite for the 8 nights, this they managed to do which was great. The suite was amazing, and we actually had a view of Alcatraz from our bedroom window.The toiletries were lovely, very high end and much appreciated, the mini bar was very well stocked, the housekeeping was superb, everything was spotless and nothing too much trouble.The hosted wine reception from 5 - 6 pm was a really good way to meet other guests, and the wines and beers that they served were all good quality.The concierge service was very good, usually very busy but very helpful.The only problem that we had with this hotel was the noise, the walls are very thin and there seemed to be some sort of plumbing problem with the plumbing giving out a very loud bang every so often, it woke me up quite a few times with quite a fright and you could feel the vibration of it all under the floor. We did complain to the reception desk about the noise from the people next door, after about 4 days of their children waking us up at 6am running around and screaming and they said that they would have a word and gave us complimentary breakfast vouchers. The next morning was much quieter so they must have had a word with the family in question, but it wouldn't have been so bad if the walls weren't so thin.We only ate at the Blue Mermaid restaurant once for breakfast with our complimentary vouchers and it seemed fine.I would definately recommend this hotel and especially so if they could sort out the sound problems. The staff were all wonderful and do an excellent job.	
Jan 11 2008 	Staff were Great!!!!	Argonaut Hotel;We had the pleasure of staying at the Argonaut for 6 nights in early January 08. I would classify our stay as outstanding. The staff of the hotel was friendly and extremely helpful. In almost every interaction with them, they went well beyond what we were asking about. Check in was quick and efficient. Our rooms were well appointed with free internet access, TV with DVD hook up and what appeared to be a good selection of pay for view movies. The room was very clean with high-end toiletries; the towels etc. of good quality. The hotel hosted a wine reception every evening, which was well attended and lively.The location of the hotel was perfect. One block to the cable car depot and the Buena Vista for Irish Coffee; a short walk to Pier 39 and Fisherman’s Warf; one block to a Starbuck’s and another short walk to the Bay. Ghirardelli Square shops were easily accessible as well. Access to restaurants was excellent with a very good Mexican restaurant in the Cannery complex and several seafood and Italian offerings right down the street. There was also a great little ice cream shop, Norman’s, just around the corner from the lobby.The sole drawback - the room walls were paper thin. Sound traveled from room to room with pretty good clarity. This did not bother us as we were out and about and our neighbors were relatively quiet but this could be a challenge if you or your children are light sleepers.	
Jan 11 2008 	Not bad for a few days	I stayed at both the Argonaut Hotel and it's sister hotel by Union Square called the Serrano Hotel. This was definitely better and I'd recommend it for a short stop.Plus points:- The location (I wasn't sure about this at first but it is within 10 minutes walk of pier 39 and right round the corner to the old cable car that can take you to Union Square). It is in a tourist area and because of this I felt quite safe walking around at any time of day on my own.- Clean- Good sized roomsNegative point:- My window faced other windows of the same hotel and nothing else (you could only put up with this for a few days)	
Jan 8 2008	Beautiful fun hotel in a great location!	From the moment we checked in we were treated like royalty. We had booked one of the smaller rooms but it was still comfortable. Bike rentals next door (ride across the bridge) trolley very close and walk down the wharf. Parking prices very steep in their garage. Other parking garages close by at half the price. Wasn't very impressed with the breakfast at the attached restaurant. Service and food not very good. Plan on staying at the hotel again!	
Jan 6 2008 	Great piece of history and a great location!	I took my husband to San Francisco on a surprise trip for Christmas. This hotel was absolutely amazing. The service was super and so was the quality for the price. The location is great if you are hoping to do many of the &quot;tourist&quot; activities like pier 39, alcatraz, ghiradelli square, and cable cars. I would definately stay here again!	
Jan 5 2008 	very stylish hotel	My husband and I stayed at this hotel after travelling from Chicago on the Amtrak train. The spacious and comfortable rooms were amazing after the confined space we had on the train. We found the staff to be very helpful and the hotel was a great base as it was so near the streetcar terminus. We also used the bike hire shop nearby and biked over the Golden Gate bridge - what a wonderful experience.We enjoyed the food at the hotel dining room and sat in the lounge with a glass of wine relaxing one night watching the world go by. We would both highly recommend this hotel.	
Jan 4 2008 	Pacific Spirit	the +++Location @ Fisherman wharf if perfect to discover the city, and the animated &amp; marine atmospher is great.The hotel is beautiful. The lobby is great and everyday a cocktail is offered to guests near the huge fireplace.Room: small but well decorated and very nice. This deserves the 4 stars.Very nice staff even if we experienced a minor issue the last day. The ---The view of the standard room is not good at all. We had to wait 30min to get our luggages down from the valet service, which is not convenient when you have to go to the airport. Indeed elevators are crowded in the morning.Also I recommend to use the public parking near the hotel which is less expensive.Conclusion: except minor issues we enjoy our stay and really appreciated this hotel and our nice marine room.	
Jan 2 2008 	The Argonaut is THE only place to stay	Just can not say enough wonderful things about The Argonaut.My husband and I along with our 9 year old son were first time guests during Christmas at The Argonaut. From the moment we arrived, we were treated like royalty. From the doorman, to the valet, to the front desk, to the concierge...it was first class all the way! The room was luxurious, immaculate and inviting. We had a beautiful view of the GG bridge from our window! We could walk to Pier 39 and enjoy all the sights as easily as walk over to Ghiradelli Square and jump on the cable car at Hyde &amp; Pearce Sts. Definitely eat a few meals at the Blue Mermaid and be sure to try the crab/corn chowder....to DIE for! We were a bit worried about being away from home for Christmas but the staff at the hotel makes The Argonaut your home away from home and we have wonderful holiday memories to cherish! Love the beds, sheets and towels! Starbucks coffee for the coffee maker a plus!If you want to treat yourself to a luxurious getaway, you MUST visit The Argonaut.p.s. You must go to the lobby between 5 and 6 pm to enjoy the wine and sparkling cider by the fire! Relax in style!	
Jan 1 2008 	Great Break	Once a year, my husband and I like to get a way without the children. We had a wonderful 3 night stay at the Argonaut. We were upgraded to the King suite. There was plenty of room, the decor was nautical. There were flat screen televisions in the sitting area and the bedroom. The bathroom was a nice size. I enjoyed the jacuzzi tub a lot! The restaurant at the hotel was good, especially their chowder sampler. We really liked the hotel location on the wharf. It is within walking distance to all the wharf activities and right next to a cable car stop. And right up the street is the Buena Vista (yummy irish coffee!). Some of our highlights: Alcatraz, the Wharf, Napa/Sonoma, Muir Woods, Biking the Bridge, Suasalito, a cable car ride, and sourdough toast! PS. We arrived on a rainy Thursday afternoon, and someone told us that in San Fran the weather has two choices: rainy or foggy. Well, we started with rain, but ended with 3 beautiful sunny (55-60 F) days.	
Dec 31 2007	Parking fine print	Fine hotel but beware of the $40 per night parking charge	
Dec 28 2007	I love it here!	We always love this hotel! However, we can only afford to stay here when it is off season. The prices can range from under $200 all the way up to around $500 depending on the season. I love the cruise ship look of this hotel and the location. This is in Fisherman's Wharf, but on the quieter side which is a particulary good location for tourists or those on business. It is also surprisingly dog friendly, which you wouldn't expect. This hotel is spotless. The rooms are the cleanest I have ever seen and I have very high standards. They have a lovely free wine hour and a well-stocked mini-bar. My only complaint would be that much of the staff seems overly agressive in expecting tips (so bring plenty of dollars to avoid discomfort) and the front desk staff seemed a bit snooty. This was a surprise to us as normally Kimpton hotels have an over the top friendly staff. My guess is that this was a fluke.	
Dec 24 2007	Good Choice for Fisherman's Wharf	We decided to stay here for the proximity to the bay (we had a very large double queen room with view of the GG), access to cable cars (one block away), and the variety that comes with Fisherman's Wharf. I had to attend to conference calls our first morning, and I figured the Wharf and a cable car ride to Lombard St were activities my wife and daughter could occupy themselves with.The room was large and spacious, the beds very comfortable, free WIFI, sparkling clean modern bathroom. The bell staff was courteous, professional and friendly, and full of restaurant recommendations. Parking and breakfast were not included in our hotels.com aggressively discounted rate, and we were charged $45/day for parking. The nautical theme is ubiquitous, and might not be for everyone! There is a Starbucks adjacent to the hotel, which is very convenient since the Argonaut does not put out coffee in its lobby. We were also pleased that an In and Out burger was right down the street (great West Coast chain that blows BK and McD away - fries are made on prem from fresh potatoes). I can't say anything negative about the hotel proper, but in our opinion there are much more desirable parts of the city to stay in. Fisherman's Wharf is plain awful, and not worth wasting one's time on.	
Dec 20 2007 	Lovely hotel with quirky rooms	We stayed four nights and had a great time. Spacious rooms - and some with a view of the bay and Alcatraz. Friendly and helpful staff - free wine in the evening - and lots of excellent restaurants within walking distance.	
Dec 18 2007 	A really great hotel	We just spent four great nights at the Argonaut. We require a wheelchair accessible room and our room was exactly as advertised. From the minute that we arrived to the minute that we left - every employee was helpful, friendly, and solicitis to any needs that we might have.We did not eat in the hotel restaurant but did take advantage of their room service one morning for breakfast. It arrived when promised and we felt that it was reasonably price for a hotel [we have paid a lot more for a lot less at many other hotels],The hotel is only a few minutes walk from Fisherman's Wharf and we went there fairly often to sightsee and partake of their great restaurants and food.We try to travel to the San Francisco area three or four times a year and will certainly be staying here, again, in the future.	
Dec 13 2007 	very impressive	we had initially been recommended to the holiday in by the travel agent but after reading the reviews of both that and the Argonaut on trip advisor I went back and asked her to get us into this hotel.It was all we had expected. The room was very nice, although a bit of a walk from the lift. fitted all of us in without a problem. The staff were all very nice and the door staff very knowledgeable. Corserge was a bit limited in her skills but others in front of house made up for this.	
Dec 10 2007	Impeccable service: Three cheers for the staff here	I've stayed here many times -- it's a great property no question about it -- even if you don't have a room with a view. This time I have to say that everyone I spoke with/met -- from bellmen to housekeeping to front desk and beyond...truly one of the nicest, most accomodating teams I've encountered in a long time. It makes the stay even more enjoyable. Thanks!	
Dec 9 2007	Thought on the Argonaut	I had to be in San Francisco for work on Monday so flew out the Friday before. It seemed obvious to look for somewhere at Fisherman’s Wharf and I was very impressed that the Argonaut had rooms available for only $150 a night. It took a while for work to confirm the meeting, by that time I realised that Fisherman’s Wharf is full of burger bars and t-shirt shops and the price had risen to $250. But it still seemed a good place to be based so I booked it. Was it worth it? Fisherman’s Wharf was dire but the hotel is the very last building on the row – there is a park across the street and you can get up early and walk all the way to the Golden Gate Bridge. In the park is the cable car terminus for the spectacular ride across town and a short walk in the other direction is the historic tramcar that runs all the way along the wharf and also into town.On the plus side, the rooms are large, the building may be in a former cannery but you certainly don’t feel like a tinned peach, the furnishings are new, it is impeccably clean and the staff are friendly and helpful. There is a strong nautical theme, a little tiresome, but at least it gives the hotel some character, I can’t imagine there is anywhere else like it. But…. Although the room I was shown was on the 2nd floor (ie one above ground) it had a window straight on to the street, as the ground slopes back from the hotel. I was able to move, without a problem, to a room at the side, overlooking a courtyard. That was exceptionally noisy all evening (just of a flight from London all I wanted to do was sleep) and the next day a horrific singer was performing by noon and when I came back at 6 there was someone else, equally bad, there. So I moved again. I was warned about the lack of a view (though only very few rooms would actually have a view of the water) and of street noise was what I wanted – and as the lightwell is huge, the room was still bright and the silence was golden.Where the Argonaut really crashed upon the rocks though was with the miserable restaurant. It was expensive and service was foul, breakfast was a plate of hard bacon and potato pieces together with an egg. When I asked the waiter whether it was meant to be chilled, I was totally ignored. I asked again and there was a grunt, yes, I think (it was quite clear that he really couldn’t care less).Someone at work had stayed there before and said that while they wouldn’t stay there again, it wasn’t so bad that I should cancel. I think that was right. It was fine, there were many plus points but the bad ones were such that I probably wouldn’t go back. Though for $150 maybe I could be persuaded !	
Dec 9 2007 	Great Hotel - good location	Stayed for 3 nights in late November and extremely impressed with the hotel and staff. Hotel is clean, maintained to a high standard and the staff are courteous and friendly. Only complaints - one room was on the smallish side (but very clean and pristine), and the bar seemed to close early(ish) a couple of nights. The other room we had was larger for the same tariff. We arrived early on check-in day, however the reception staff had two rooms for our party within minutes of arriving and without any fuss whatsoever. On arrival we noticed that the safe in the room had malfunctioned and rang reception. Maintenance were knocking on the room door 3 minutes after calling reception and brought a new safe to install - they were gone in 20 minutes with no fuss.It's in an ideal location for sightseeing and adjacent to the Hyde and Powell cable car terminus which takes you all the way to Union Square (shopping). Alcatraz ferry is 15min walk, and Pier 39 (bit tacky) is 10 min walk. Taxi to downtown was approx $12. Taxi to airport $42.I will definitely stay here again when next in San Francisco.	
Dec 1 2007 	Mixed Feelings	My wife and I wanted a hotel that was 'kid friendly' and in a good location. The Argonaut came highly recommended. After making our reservations, we received an email offering us a discounted room upgrade if available at check-in time. We chose to do so. When we arrived, there was in-fact a suite available and we took the upgrade. The room is amazing! It is enormous. At first glance, we were extremely happy. The staff was extremely courteous, the hotel itself is very well kept and the location is excellent. Right in Fisherman's Wharf and within walking distance of just about everything.However, after the first day, we quickly realized that there were several problems. The room was at the back corner of the hotel and borders two busy streets. There is a great deal of noise that enters the room from the streets. There is a pick-up/drop-off point for a trolley (with a bell). There are a lot of delivery and/or garbage trucks that seem to be driving by at all hours of the night. I felt like I was in a 2nd floor New York apartment vs. a suite in an expensive hotel. Another significant annoyance was trying to regulate the room temperature. San Francisco weather is warm during the day and cold at night, however the thermostat in the room could only be set to heat OR cold, there was no 'auto' option. So we would constantly be switching the thermostat back and fourth trying to get the room to a reasonable temperature. This became extremely annoying at night when I would wake up at 4am sweating because the room got too warm OR because my 2-year-old son was crying because he was too cold.Some other minor annoyances: the doors between the living room and bedroom and between the bedroom and bathroom are sliding doors vs. regular doors, they creek and make a lot of noise, this poses a problem when you have a sleeping baby.On the positive side, the size, decor, and amenities of the room rank in the top hotels rooms we've ever stayed at. The hotel did offer complimentary strollers on a firsts-come basis and that was a tremendous benefit! Room service was fast and the quality was very good. There was a complimentary wine reception every evening from 5-6 that was a very nice touch (and the wine they served was very good). The water pressure was very good as well (a pet peeve of mine). And all of the bell-men, concierges, front desk attendants, and valet parking people were extremely friendly and helpful.At the end of the day, I have to give this hotel a mixed review. The price of the overall stay compared with other hotels we looked at place the Argonaut towards the top of the 'middle of the road' range. The room upgrade was a great value and I definitely recommend it to anyone. I just regret some of the little annoyances that took away from the overall experience.	
Nov 26 2007	Unique Hotel	Unique hotel and definitely a must if that is what you are looking for. My fiance and I stayed at the Argonaut last week and with the exception of a couple of minor kinks, I would give it two thumbs up. I was lucky in that I read some reviews to prepare me but was still very pleased! First of all, they have a great little happy hour from 5-6 pm in the lobby with free wine and beer. It's also in a great neighborhood (Fisherman's wharf), very touristy, but when in Rome, you should probably be a tourist for the day. The breakfast at the Blue Mermaid (hotel restaurant) was really good. The hotel staff was pleasant and helpful. The room was very unique as is the hotel (as you can see from other reviewers pics) and that was what I was looking for. My main complaint was the bed wasn't as comfortable as many other high end hotels (it crowned a little in the middle and was kind of soft). Another minor kink, that could and should be easily fixed by the hotel property, is that the shower curtains don't have magnets to hold them down to the tub, so don't be surprised if you find the curtain clinging to you as you are showering. Beyond that, I still found this a fabulous place to stay, and it also happens to be two blocks from one of the most amazing restaurants I have ever been to in the world.....Gary Danko's (and I am a foodie ;-). Be sure to make reservations there weeks in advance though.	
Nov 25 2007 	Oh my goodness!!!!	This is such an histric and beautiful hotel!!!!!! We stayed one night but it was wonderful. There is a nightly manager's reception in the lobby - very nice and a great way to meet other guests.We had a city view room and it was wonderful. We could see many of thelandmarks in the city. Fisherman's Wharf and Ghirdalli Square are a 2 minute walk from the hotel (in opposite directions) so it was a busy area. There is no shortage of restaurants and places to eat. The hotelis the old Del Monte Cannery building - very nice. Exposed brick and beams. The rooms are decorated in a nautical theme.Everything was IMMACULATE and the staff was more than accomodating. We HIGHLY recommend a visit to the Argonaut!	
Nov 19 2007 	Lousy Walls Lousy Internet Lousy Room Service	I stayed at the Argonaut to attend a conference. If you stay at the Argonaut, you will be at the mercy of the people in the rooms next to you, as there is virtually no acoustic insulation. You can hear conversations at normal levels, as well as the TV. The internet is agonizingly slow. Cannot watch streaming media and large files take forever. I also notice other computers appeared on my &quot;places&quot; section (MacOS 10.5) That was a bit unnerving. I used room service one night and actually got a recorded message asking to leave my name and room number. After 20 minutes I called again and got the same message. So I just kept redialing and got through. I order soup and a salad. The food arrived 40 minutes later, and the soup was lukewarm. The decor is OK, if you like a nautical theme. I don't think I would stay here again.	
Nov 18 2007 	Fantastic Hotel in Fisherman's Wharf	My wife and I just returned from our honeymoon there and loved the service. We were given an upgrade upon arrival and stayed on the 4th floor overlooking the Cannery (which is very quite at night). Despite earlier reviews, I did not find the walls to be paper thin as we never heard our neighbors. The free wine and beer in the lobby was very nice, even though the wine was not the best quality (the beer is a local brew that was very good).	
Nov 6 2007 	Location location location	Originally we had planned to stay in Union Square but when our adult daughter decided to join us on holiday at the last minute we needed a hotel that could accommodate the 3 of us (with room to move). The theme was fun, staff were always helpful and the location was brilliant-everything within walking distance or close to tram lines. Fishermans Wharf a great tourist spot and base from which to explore San Francisco. Would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 6 2007	Exremely Pleased!	Stayed one night at the Argonaut and wished I could've stayed longer. Friendliest, most helpful staff of any hotel stay I can recall. Great location and rooms. I love the whimsy of Kimpton hotels with their hotels individual &quot;theme&quot; combined with excellent staff and attention to detail. Would definitely stay here again (or at another Kimpton to experience another &quot;theme.&quot;) I booked an Internet Special rate on the Argonaut website and was very pleased at the savings.	
Nov 6 2007	I love this hotel	This hotel is fabulous. The location is great, the staff are lovely, helpful and so keen to help and make your stay memorable. The rooms are nicely decorated and i like the quirkly design which follow through from the rooms to the lobby area. I loved the lobby, it was cosy with the fire going and felt like someone's living room rather than a hotel lobby!!The free wine for an hour every evening was nice, you got to see everyone in the hotel and have a chat if you felt like it!!There are endless great resturants in San Francisco, really spolit for choice, especially if you like seafood!!Great hotel, great location, fabulous stay.	
Nov 5 2007 	great property	Great hotel--very detailed. Staff is excellent. Location is great. Only problem was with room service close to closing time of restaurant. Highly reccommend this hotel.	
Nov 4 2007 	Argonaut - Great Hotel	Stayed 5 nights at the Argonaut hotel Oct. 21-25 and enjoyed it immensely. I will not go into great detail as there are many positve reviews found here that accurately reflect our findings.The rooms are fairly large, very clean, and quite well-appointed. My one small suggestion would be to exhange the small lounge sofa for a small table and two chairs. Bed was very comfortable, no problem with TV, internet, etc. Service was always friendly and helpful, and yes the wine tasting happy hour was a great way to meet some fellow travelers.The location, as stated, is great.....very close to public transportation. If I visit this great city again I might stay in Union Square now that I've got my bearings about the place; but if you want to say in the Wharf area I would very highly recommend this property.Paid $197/night + taxes through AMA (Alberta version of AAA).	
Oct 29 2007 	Overbooking!	We had a lot of problems finding a hotel in San Fran for the particular night we were staying there due to a major convention in town. We were supposed to be traveling the week before but my husbands business trip got moved and we had to change the dates. I spent many hours searching for a new hotel and finally decided on the Argonaut. We were really looking forward to it. Today we received a call that they had over booked and rebooked us in the Handlery Hotel and they would be paying for it. Unfortunately the Handlery is no where near the same as the Argonaut. It's less than half the price and looks no where near as nice. When I called te Argonaut back I was told there are no rooms in the city which is probably true since we can't find any either and they over booked as the result of a computer glitch. I didn't feel that the apology was sincere and there was no concern over my wasted time or the effect this might have on our vacation. I think we should have a least been offered a free stay on our next trip to SF. We won't be staying at this hotel or any others that are part of this chain.	
Oct 29 2007 	Wow	Recently stayed here for 7 nights. Nothing bad to say about the Argonaut, in fact its all good.The staff were all very helpful and friendly. The nautical theme is distinctive and pleasant. Our room was very comfortable and of a good size.Its also very well located for the wharf, and the Hyde St cable car is a very short walk away.The wine tasting session in the lobby each evening was very welcome. We turned a few heads though when they gave us an apple juice to our 2 year old in a wine glass. We spent most of our time assuring our fellow guests we were'nt trying to ply our offspring with alcohol.You won't go wrong staying here.	
Oct 29 2007 	Great location and stay	The staff at this hotel was very friendly and helpful. When we lost a stroller, they loaned us one. My 4 year old loved selecting items from the treasure chest. The location next to Fisherman's Wharf is great. Our room was large and very clean.	
Oct 25 2007 	A Nice Place	We stayed at the Argonaut Hotel Oct. 12-17 2007. We are a family of four our children are 10 and 12. Stayed in room 287 very nice, good size clean etc. My only complaint is that we payed extra for a room with a view and ended up with a room facing the courtyard. By the time I had noticed we were already unpacked and we didn't want to go to the trouble of moving.Location is very good, near everything.Wine tasting every evening a nice touch. There is cider for the kids and beer for those who don't like wine.Some people complained about hearing noise from other rooms, we did not experince this.Would recommend this hotel, just look out the window as soon as you get to the room.	
Oct 25 2007 	Fantastic time in San Fran	Had a fantastic time in a lovely hotel. The staff were great and couldn't do enough for you. Can recommend attending the free wine hour every night. Jack's Bar a few doors a long is worth a visit.	
Oct 24 2007 	Couldnt fault it at all	Stayed here in September for 4 days, couldnt fault the hotel at all, great central location on Fishermans Wharf, we did have a bay view room and had a lovely view, room was a reasonable size, bed was very comfortable and we didnt hear any noise in our room, our room was at the front of the hotel. We had one meal in the hotel which was fine, normally had breakfast at Lois's in Ghiradelli Square or Buena Vista, both within a few mins walk of the hotel. Also had a fantastic meal at Ana Mandala which was fantastic and again a short walk away. Hired some bikes and cycled across the Bridge to Sausalito which I would recommend and of course went to Alcatraz which was fantastic. Oh and of course if you can time it well, the hotel does free wine testing I think between 5 and 6 every afternoon. And if by any chance somebody is reading this, thank you very much to the wonderful american couple who we ate breakfast with at the Buena Vista and who paid for our breakfast.	
Oct 23 2007 	Cute but Tiny	The hotel looks great from the outside, and the lobby and other decor is probably the best on this waterfront. Go here for a drink or the free wine tasting they have every afternoon. Staying here is another story, we booked in advance direct (paid top) and when we got there were given most probably the smallest room for 2 nights.They told us they were fully booked, but we saw vacant rooms on the way to our allocated (so mis timing from house keeping to reception was noted). Spoke to house keeping to confirm other rooms were available and asked the head of house keeping to let reception know, they did and managed to change our room the next day (no apology). I paid hundreds of dollars for my stay here and the first day was spoiled by them because we were shuffed in the basement matchbox room. It all smiley and nice.They tried it on - I winged and got a better room.Also had a massage at the other hotel who this hotel concierge can arrange, (was a gift for my misses) the massage cost us $310 (inc tips) and was pitter patter touching (if you need the name for the massage place to avoid let me know). Another client cancelled as we walked out (in a huff) as they ran 20 minutes late.If you like a winge for your high rate stay here.They give you yoga mats, my misses liked that.Photo's are of room before and room after winge.	
Oct 22 2007 	Very Nice Hotel	We recently had a two night stay at the Argonaut. They upgraded us to a King Suite, beautiful views, large, lovely room, and a wonderful soaking tub in the bathroom. The bath products were suberb and it was wonderful to soak in the tub after a day of exploring in San Francisco.The hotel is within walking distance to everything you would need. The hotel restaurant was a disappointment, so I would suggest eating elsewhere.The staff is helpful and friendly. The wine reception in the evening is great.The valet parking is expensive ($40 plus tax) but it is the city!All in all, a very nice hotel.	
Oct 21 2007 	Nautical and nice	Stayed at the Argonaut for 3 nights in late September. Double room wtih 2 beds was roomy and spacious. Nice touch of robes and slippers in the room. Amenities were Aveda - very nice and were replaced daily! Hotel restaurant which also provides room service was excellent - food was reasonably priced and arrived hot and on time as promised. Beds very comfortable and &quot;green&quot; focus on recycling, linens etc... is present and well done! Really enjoyed my stay!	
Oct 19 2007 	Fisherman’s friend	We stayed at The Argonaut for 4 nights at the start of our 2 week holiday. Very impressed with the location – short walk along the waterfront to Pier 39 but far enough away from the hustle and bustle.Very close to Lombard Street and the cable car turnaround direct to Union Square almost on the doorstep.The room was spotless and the decor throughout the hotel looked modern and good quality. The staff were always polite and helpful.We paid for a room with a view which was spacious and had a nice viewof Alcatraz to wake up to. The one down side was how clearly we couldhear people in the rooms next to us. At times, we could hear conversations word for word. Despite that, we would definitely stay here again. Perfect location in a beautiful city.	
Oct 15 2007 	Great Service 	We stayed here for 3 nights at the start of our Northern California holiday. The welcome was great - arriving just in time for the wine &amp; beer tasting hour (5-6pm I think) - we were handed a glass of wine to take up to our room. The room itself was spot-on, a good size and in a quiet location as requested. Hairdryer and lovely L'Occtaine goods in the bathroom; clean bedding, a fridge, iron and safe in the room - everything you could need really. The decor was nice, with a nautical theme running throughout the hotel. The only downside was that the room was quite dark because there was no overhead lighting, but this wasn't a big problem.We had a nice breakfast (which wasn't included in our rate) in the adjoining Mermaid (?) restaurant on our first morning. All in all a very good place to stay – great service and good attention to detail.	
Oct 14 2007 	Great location 	Stayed at the Argonaut for the first 4 nights of our grand tour of California. Won't go on about the quirky rooms as there are already plenty of pictures already on this site. Excellent location in the Cannery right by the Hyde Cable car turnaround which in itself makes for a great initial impression of San Francisco for those (like us) who have never visited the city before. Fisherman's Wharf itself is a little 'cheesy / touristy' in parts, but not entirely a huge surprise in reality. Get your walking shoes on &amp; get out &amp; about as the city behind the Wharf is really pretty and a great experience - everything you have seen on the TV &amp; more . Back to the hotel........the staff were great, the restaurant attached to the hotel a little disappointing but plenty in the close vicinity to choose from. Then there is the complimentary wine reception each evening.....only found time to do this on our last evening...excellent!! With hindsight, would have made a point of going each evening as the wine was great and the staff were more than happy to offer to refil! Would definitely stay again, although would try for a room with a view next time (our room looked out onto a rooftop to the rear of the building unfortunately but hey there was too much to do to spend time in the room anyway!)	
Oct 13 2007	A very good hotel in a great location	Beautifully Decorated in sea and marine themes. Rooms spacious and spotless clean. Lobbyand restaurant very nice and inviting. Staff was very kind and children-friendly.Not much view from the room itself, but very close to lovely view points. We walked from Union Square to the hotel with our children (5 and 10). Would love to stay again.	
Oct 11 2007 	totally friendly for the disabled traveller	Ok so i filled in a competition, and won a week in San Fransisco.I had to leave all the organizing to some one else, flights, hotel everything.All i can say to them is the biggest thank you, for you made the best choices anyone could have for someone with disabilities. The Argonaut Hotel is wonderful, the staff so friendly, from housekeeping to the concierge, the young staff on the door, Donovan &amp; Ernie, made travelling in the city effortless. The hotel is spotless, &amp; the cleaning they have to do is not intrusive.I was even allowed to take my electric disability scooter up to our room, &amp; there was no quibbling about charging up.The restaurant in the hotel was wonderful for breakfast.All i need now is ti win another compitition so that we can go again.Thank you Argonaut , for a wonderful holiday.	
Oct 10 2007 	Great Hotel Good Location	We stayed at the Argonaut for 3 nights before returning from the UK from our 3 week road trip around California. I chose the Argonaut because a friend had recommended it. He was not wrong. Lovely hotel in a good location with very friendly staff. Just far enough along Fishermans Wharf to avoid the main bussle but near enough to make walking around easy. It is also very convenient for the tram station. Room was nice and spacious and novelty robes they supply are a nice touch. Complimentary toiletries are nice with everything you could need including cotton wool. Blue Mermaid restaurant very convenient for breakfast although did not eat evening meal there so cannot comment on that.	
Oct 8 2007 	The ONLY place to stay with small children	My 5-year-old son Max and I go on a local, annual getaway. This year his criteria was that the hotel have video games. The Argonaut had so much more. The front desk clerk invited him to choose from a treasure chest of really nice toys upon check-in. They sent up complimentary crab-shaped cookies with our room service (this is Fisherman's Wharf after all). After a big day of sightseeing (nearly all the important stuff is within easy walking distance) we unwound in a deep jacuzzi tub with views over Alcatraz and played a BUNCH of video games. We were upgraded to a 2-room suite through their online upgrade program (you pre-register and then get the room for a pre-arranged low price if it's available), and I loved the plush, nautical decor. I recommend this hotel to anyone, especially families.	
Oct 8 2007 	Great Hotel!	My wife and I stayed here for two nights, as part of our touring of California. The hotel enjoys one of the best locations, being right on Fisherman's Wharfe. Upon arrival, we were allocated a standard room, overlooking the courtyard between the cannery and the hotel. The sounds of live music drifted from the courtyard, as we arrived in the room, which was originally decorated, mainitaining the nautical theme.The quality of the furnishings was good, the room was spacious and well maintained and the everything was immacuately clean.We only ate in the restaurant for breakfasts but they were supreme. If you are staying the near future, you must try the omlette!Overall, this was a wonderful base to explore the Wharfe area, with great staff and fantastic decor.	
Oct 8 2007 	Lovely!	Stayed here for 2 nights enroute back to the UK - cheaper for us to come back from Vegas through SFO than Vegas direct.Lovely hotel with great staff. Room was fantastic - if you are travelling and packing space is at a premium then your room has L'Occitane products replenished daily of shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, body lotion and soap. There is also a supply of tissues, cotton wool and cotton buds and a hairdryer. We didn't take a key for the mini bar so don't know what that was like.Our 2 nights made full use of the wine tasting which as another reviewer says makes a great group gathering and we got chatting to some lovely people including the Blue Angels as it was Fleet week!Our only problem was eating in the Restaurant on our first night. Our waitress could not explain the menu to us - I wanted to know how the mussels were prepared and she didn't know! I ordered them and both starters came but half way through our starter, she came with our main meal! She was sent away but brought them as soon as our starter dishes were cleared! No rest in between! I asked for Salmon with veg and mash with the sauce on the side but it came with fries, veg and the sauce everywhere! She took it back and back it came again but they just scraped the sauce off and shoved on some fries and now the veg was cold! The waitress was told to take it away - by this point, I didn't want anything else to eat so didn't re-order. I was happily chatting to my husband whilst he ate his main meal only for the waitress to appear with the bill! No chance of dessert then!I went through to Reception to ask them to get the manager for me. I explained all to him and he was very sympathetic and told me he'd take care of the bill. Next night when we came through for a drink he told us that the round was on him! Good customer service but it shouldn't have happened in the first place. Despite this, we ate breakfast there both days without any problems.I really would recommend this Hotel to everyone.	
