Nov 22 2009 	Unpretentious 	We liked it! The Andrews is not a cookie-cutter chain furnished with tomorrow’s landfill. It’s an old-fashioned, urban hotel that hasn’t updated every single little thing.Staff was friendly (ask about their airport shuttle deal). Free glass of wine at the restaurant; just the house-pour, but still a nice touch. A satisfying breakfast with pastries (probably not “organic” but not overly-processed tasting either), plus fresh fruit, teas, juice, good coffee and real dairy!Our wrought-iron bed had crisp cotton sheets with extra pillows, a down duvet, and pretty brocade textiles on an excellent mattress. We loved the nubby towels, and the reminder note that you can save resources and reuse them.The Andrews is historical but it’s not filled with antiques and does have some standard-issue decor. The woodwork has decades of paint, and our bathroom retained its tiny, cute, ancient sink. I bet this shabbiness drives some suburbanites crazy – but I hope they never gut this place.Sure, the corners &amp; ledges could be fanatically cleaned with a Q-tip… I don’t know your housekeeping habits, but this is the city and dust happens. The Andrews is cleaner than my home, and feels unpretentious &amp; charming in a not overly-calculated way.We had a room towards the back (with a little less street noise), and we sprang the extra for 2 windows for more light. As a bonus, the windows actually open, there was a ceiling fan, and our shower had super water pressure. What more could you ask for in a room centrally located at a price that won’t break the bank?The only caveat – if you are very heavy or have mobility issues, the position of our toilet was awkward; to us it was no big deal.	
Nov 17 2009 	Great value and location of this Downtown Boutique hotel.	This hotel is located within 3 blocks of Union Square. The front desk staff was very helpful. The rooms were clean. The continenial breakfast just outside the room was very convienent. Some of the rooms have a very small bathroom (ours did) but we didn't find this to be a problem. Loved the quaint antique elevator. The evening complinentary glass of wine was also very nice and helped to interact with other guests in the hotel. Really enjoyed our stay.	
Oct 23 2009 	Great location and ambiance at a great price	We stayed two nights at the Andrews . The hotel staff was wonderfully helpful. They allowed us to check in early, gave us tips on good restaurants near by, how to get to museums etc.We loved the decor, in room fridge with free drinks, excellent coffee,complementary breakfast and glass of wine in the Fino bar.The only down side- could be a little cleaner. I went to take a bath when we arrived and found dark hair(not mine) in the tub.Yuk. Also the carpet had lint etc as though it hadn't been vacuumed.	
Oct 5 2009 	Good home base	The Andrews Hotel is very well situated - about 3 blocks from Union Square, and very convenient to all manner of services &amp; restaurants, BART, buses, cable cars, etc. My room was very small, and a bit worn, but basically just fine. The walls are thin, but fortunately the other guests on the floor were quite quiet. There was a nice little LCD TV with DVD player in the room, and you can borrow movies from the front desk. There is free (though unsecured) wireless on every floor. The building is old, and could probably use some new carpet and fresh paint, but it seems very safe and the staff are great. The restaurant on the ground floor (Fino) is very good - a nice place to have a glass of wine and some dinner. I wouldn't necessarily recommend this hotel if you're planning to spend a lot of time in the room, but if you're just looking for a place to get some rest in between SF adventures, this might be the place for you.	
Sep 30 2009 	beware of the bedbugs	Today I have returned from a four week trip through the west of the United States. San Francisco was my last stop before travelling home to The Netherlands. I stayed in the Andrews Hotel in Post Street. I choise this hotel because it is only two blocks away from Union Square. The hotel is in a very old building and the rooms are extremely small and the bathroom was tiny. The paint is coming of the walls and the hotel is in desperate need of renovation or maybe even closure. You could hardly move around in the room or in the bath. A typical hostel room in the center of a big city. The staff was friendly enough and there was a glass of complementary wine everyday in the Vino restaurant adjacent to the hotel. The hotel was quite expensive ($139 a night in the weekend and $129 during the week) for the services that they offered and the size of the room, but most hotels in San Francisco are ridiculously overprized. There are many tourists, so they can get away with it. There is a free breakfast that you can take to your room, but it isn't worth getting up for. There is no free internet and that is quite remarkable for any hotels or motel in the USA. I stayed in the Andrews for four nights. The first two nights I slep in room 706. After the first night, I saw two little red bites of my skin. Because I had been to Montery the day before, I thought that they were sandfly bites and didn't react. But after the second night I had a least twenty bites all over my body. A close inspection of the sheets led to the cause. There were crawling with bedbugs. I went down to reception imediately and had the sheets changed and I reported the bedbug situation. They changed me to another room and the last two nights no more bites appeared. The reception informed me that after the sheets were changed, a new inspection was carried out and there was no further cause for alarm. The manager would speak to me next day (Monday) between 11:00 and 12:00 am. I waited in the lobby for his arrival, but he didn't turn up. No reason was given. The next day one hour before my departure for the airport, he did knock on my door. He was very apologetic and told me that he took the bedbug problem very serious. He also informed me that many hotels in San Francisco had a problem with bedbugs. He offered to take one of the four nights of the bill and to have my bagage fumigated. But that would have been helpful a day earlier, but now I had to depart for the airport and had no time left to have my bagage cleaned. So, on getting home from the airport, I washed all my clothes using high temperatures. And I have this itching and am scratching in a least a dozen places. I will have this reminder of my stay in the Andrews for the next couple of weeks. Although this can happen to any hotel, I think I will prevent the Andrews hotel the next time I am in San Francisco. I think I will stay in a more luxurious hotel from no on. After all, I have paid a four star price for a two star accommodation this time and I am regretting my choice. A better hotel will not cost a lot more and the risk of meeting the little pests in your bed is probably lower.	
Sep 21 2009 	Great Service Good Value	We found that most San Francisco hotels were extremely over priced (compared to other destinations traveled). The Warf area started at about $260-$300 per night, and the accommodations were OKAY but not worth the price (to us).Andrews Hotel was near Union Square, a short (street car) ride away from the touristy areas. The Hotel is an old building (Historic) with small but comfortable rooms. It is a little noisy but the city sounds are part of the experience. ~ just be aware of it.Complimentary wine in the afternoon was unexpected, and continental breakfast outside our room made waking up (early) a pleasure.The front desk was helpful and always had a solution for us. They assisted printing our boarding passes, recommended transportation, helped with restaurants, directions etc. Our room was cleaned promptly every morning as we left to explore the city. Fresh towels, new toiletries were never an issue.The hotel carpeting and decor is a little dated and should be replaced, and (as with most buildings built in the early 1900's) there is no A/C. You wont need the A/C so don't worry. ~It's always chilly in the summer, but it does add a little noise with the windows open.	
Sep 7 2009 	fantastic home base with a European feel	My husband &amp; I completely enjoyed this hotel as it met with what was expected.Yes as other reviews and the person that recommended this hotel to me said - the rooms are small and the bathrooms are really small. It is an old building. If I am recalling correctly it was a bathhouse at one point in its history.The location is fantastic. A few blocks off of Union Square and cable car lines. Buses right out front that are 10 to 15 minutes to the Ferry Building. It was very easy to get anywhere we planned to go. It is in a slightly noisy area which doesn't bother us but may be a it much for some.Cleanliness - Mostly very clean but it is about time for a deep cleaning. Dust build up here &amp; there and the building has the distinct old building smell. Staff - Friendly and helpful. Sometimes they didn't give us the correct info though.(ie: sending us to a Tix place on Union Square to buy our transit passes on a Monday and it is closed on Mondays). Lots of maps and guidebook/tour info available. The sum of this being: For the price you cant beat it if you can let a few little things go.	
Sep 5 2009 	Andrews Hotel San Francisco	Excellent. Central location, friendly welcome and good value. A good base for a city break.	
Aug 13 2009	What a wonderful experience!	We had a junior suite for my husband, myself, and his 12 year old daughter in a wheelchair. It was perfectly comfortable, offering privacy for both her and us. Quiet, fresh flowers, the wonderfully friendly and helpful staff made us feel truly at home. A great location, incredible value for the money. We just loved it.	
Aug 7 2009 	Such a Relief!	I stayed at a noisy, less interesting my first night and then moved to the Andrews for the rest of my stay. Thank God! It was so quiet, lovely, and interesting, and for the location - just a fabulous deal. Will never stay anywhere else if I am in San Francisco again.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great place to stay in San Francisco	We stayed five nights at the Andrews in mid-June and could not have been more delighted. We had a good-sized corner room with a very comfortable bed and the in-the-hall breakfast spread was plentiful and fresh. The location – 2 1/2 blocks from Union Square – is perfect, quiet but a quick walk to the center of transport to any place in the city. The staff was helpful and booked our reservation at the Beach Chalet. The bathroom was tiny but a small draw-back. A great bargain, we will go back again next time we’re in San Francisco.	
Jul 17 2009 	Great and cozy hotel at a fair rate	We stayed three nights at this hotel during our first visit to San Francisco, and we almost only have good things to say about the hotel. It was really cozy - when you walk in it's liking taking a step back in time, but in a very good way. The room what pretty small and the bathroom tiny, but that's no too important to us. The breakfast is served in the hallway, and you are invited to bring it to your room, which, to us, was a good thing. The rate was fair compared to other hotels in the area, and I would recommend anybody to neglect those people telling you to stay in a hotel in the Fisherman's wharf area, which we didn't find charming at all, but rather touristy and packed with cheap-looking shops selling all sorts of crap. We liked the neighbourhood around Union Sqaure much better, and were glad we had chosen to stay there. The hotel gives you free internet access by WiFi.Pay a visit to the Italian restaurant sharing the building with the hotel. We had a nice dinner there on a random Tuesday evening in February - and even on such a day, it was packed with people.	
Jul 17 2009	Pleasant Stay - Great Location	First stay in San Francisco, traveled with my daughter.For those that have stayed in quaint, smaller european hotels, you'll be right at home. The lobby has an few seats as well as coffee, tea, water. The staff is friendly and helpful.The two-twin (bed) rooms were unavailable so we used a corner king. The room was clean, cool, had adequate space and a huge closet. We requested and got a quiet room (quieter for a city-center hotel). The one inconvenience was the placement of the toilet / sink in the bathroom. I could see where this could be a problem for some travelers as they are in close proximity for, err, seating. An ample continental breakfast was included with good pastries and very good coffee and orange juice. Locate off the lobby was a very nice italian restaurant, Fino, and the hotel offers a complimentary glass of wine in the early evening.The location is great, a 5 minute walk to the starting point of the cable car routes to Fisherman's Wharf (Powell/Hyde, Powell/Mason). Also a simular walk to Union Square and many restaurant choices.My wife will be heading to San Francisco next month and I booked her a room at Andrews.	
Jul 4 2009 	Pleasant Hotel	We enjoyed our stay here. Our room was small, but it was clean, comfortable and, in many ways, charming. It provided everything we needed for our short stay. We appreciated the complimentary wine, continental breakfast and the hotel’s fascinating history. The staff was polite and helpful. In comparing the price of this hotel with others, it appears to be a quite a good deal for this neighborhood of the city. However, when evaluating the cost/value of this hotel, note to include the valet fee which will likely be required if you have a vehicle.	
Jun 10 2009 	The best secret in San Francisco!	The Andrews Hotel was amazing. We were right in the heart of Union Square and could walk to everything. The location made our stay in San Franciso seem effortless. Additionally, all the extra special touches made me feel like I was at a resort. The staff was very friendly. Our room was gorgeous and very clean. The attached restaurant and bar was the perfect place for an early appetizer and drink with lots of friendly advise from the bartender. My FAVORITE part was the breakfast waiting for us on each floor when we got up. I will be back soon!	
Jun 10 2009 	Quaint perfectly located 	My husband and I were on a romantic weekend get-away! We were greeted cheerfully at the desk and entered a neat and tidy clean room. I especially liked the Italian tapestry style curtains and nice comfortable leather chairs in the bay windows. Our room was filled with natural light a nice TV and a very comfortable bed! I am a repeat customer at the Andrew’s Hotel and enjoy my stay there each and every time! The bathrooms have great water pressure and I like the amenities offered in the bathrooms, nice quality soaps &amp; lotions! My husband and I especially LOVE the bar and restaurant at Fino's downstairs near the lobby. We have enjoyed wonderful wines at the bar. The food in the Fino restaurant is outstanding. I feel the ingredients used are of amazing quality and freshness.I never leave disappointed and look forward to our next stay in the hotel and our next dining experience in the restaurant! The hotel is also located conveniently for shopping great nightlife and close to the Embarcadero for a fantastic jog in the mornings!!	
May 25 2009 	A Great Hotel that stays great over time	This was our sixth stay at the Andrews and, as usual, we enjoyed ourselves immensely. We were going to San Fran for a convention and the convention hotel was twice as expensive, even at convention rates so we gladly returned to the Andrews. The staff is friendly and accommodating, the location couldn't be better, close but away from the bustle of Union Square, and the complimentary breakfast and wine are nice touches in a home away from home. We had a corner king room this time and found it comfortable enough for a four day stay. The only possible problem was the bathroom, which would have been a challenge for a professional contortionist, but there's nothing to be done about that. Overall, they do a lot with a small space and the hotel is as charming as ever. We'd recommend it highly and will defnitely be back.	
May 13 2009 	Great Location and friendly staff	This hotel has a European feel to it. It's 2 blocks from Union Square, nice room, friendly staff, super location. Staff was helpful in giving us directions and ideas of what to do in SF. We were in town for a show and the Andrews Hotel is within walking distance of the theater. We especially liked the breakfast served on each floor and the complimentry glass of wine in the evening was a nice bonus. The restaurant looked inviting. Next time we come back we will definately try the Finos Restuarant.	
May 5 2009 	BED BUGS stay at your own risk!	The first night of our stay was fine. The room was clean, staff was friendly, we arrived late with no complications. Car had to be valeted (28$/night), but I guess that's to be expected in such a central location. The second night was not so peasant after our sheets were changed that morning. Woke up with several bed bug bites and went immediately to tell the receptionist who immediately apologized, switched us rooms, and had maintenance look into it. Not until we woke up on the third day with more bites did another receptionist apologize profusely and guaranteed that the room would be refunded for all 3 nights. Almost 2 weeks later I am still irritated from the several bites I received, my boyfriend has more bites than me, but hasn't reacted quite as badly, but has many noticeable bites on his arms, which is absolutely disgusting. So where the hotel was nice enough and our stay would have been perfect, its unfortunate that they have rooms infected with bugs. I would inquire about what they've done to treat the rooms before staying there or just hope you get a room that hasn't been infected.-itchy	
May 2 2009 	European Style Hotel in an Excellent Location!	We chose this hotel due to the location and excellent price. Although the room was small and the bathrooms tiny, the location made up for it. There is only a small lift so sometimes you had to wait or just walk down the very narrow stairs. The staff was cordial, and overall we felt that for the price, you can't go wrong staying at this hotel. The only thing I thought that was odd, was that they were spray painting doors during the morning/day -- so when you walked out of the room there was a very strong paint smell!	
Jan 19 2009 	Enjoyed Our Stay	We stayed at The Andrews Hotel during our honeymoon through the US and it was nice but very small.The rooms, bathrooms and decor are very outdated and tiny - you really don't have any room to move. The bed was uncomfortable - lumpy matress.Breakfast was nice but was really a first in first served kind of thing as it was set up on a buffet in the hallway of each floor, consisting of pastries, fruit, tea and coffee, so what you got often depended upon how early or late you got up!Overall the stay at the The Andrews was ok but we have stayed at much nicer hotels in San Francisco.	
Jan 3 2009	Very Nice Stay	Stayed here for 6 nights at the start of our holiday. Ideal location and is literally a 5 minute walk to Union Square and all the main shops. We were very impressed and booked for 2 nights at the end of our holiday.Our first stay was a back room which was a nice size and quiet. This was a special occasion which we mentioned when booking online and a bottle of champagne awaited us on arrival. The breakfast on each floor is simple but nice. The staff are friendly and helpful.The complimentary glass of wine in the cosy hotel bar is a nice touch. We ate once in the restaurant and it was excellent.Our second stay was a suite situated at the front of the hotel overlooking the main street. The fan in this room was not working which made it extremely hot and we found it very noisy. We would definitely recommend a back room.	
Dec 27 2008 	Cosy (bathroom too cosy)	We had a very nice stay at the Andrews hotel. Staff was very friendly. Location was fine. Room was small (but OK) and clean. Bathroom, especially the shower, was way too small.	
Dec 19 2008 	lovely boutique hotel...but cold on the lower floors in the winter!	we stayed at the andrews from 12/14/08 to 12/18/08, we initially had a corner king (203) but the heat in the room was not working properly...the manager took care of things and moved us to a suite on the 6th floor. The rooms are cozy and you have exactly what you need...it really has a euro feeling to it and if you're into that then this is the place for you. the rooms are really reasonably priced and the hotel is just blocks away from union sq. the provide round the clock tea and coffee in the lobby...and breakfast on every floor. overall a lovely stay, we especially loved the free wine nightly in fino which was an awesome restaurant, best italian i've had since the amalfi coast in italy! we would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 5 2008 	Do Not Stay Here!!!!	I would not recommend staying here! The maids painted the desk chair in our room while we were out one day and did not leave a wet paint sign!!! I put my coat on the chair when I arrived in the room and it is now covered with blue paint and RUINED! The manager will not call me back - has not offered to assist with covering the cleaning or replacement costs.It is an idiotic thing to paint anything in a room while there are current occupants!	
Nov 26 2008 	A Very Lovely Hotel	We stayed at the Andrews Hotel for one night in November 2008. We had two rooms, my husband and I in a Cozy Double and our friends in a room with two twins. I had read all the reviews on this site so I was prepared for noise at night. However, our rooms faced the back alley and other than normal night city noise we all slept well. We found the beds comfortable. I will agree with other reviewers that our bathroom in the Cozy Double room was very small and a person larger than myself would have trouble using the toilet and perhaps shower. Our friends in the twin room had a much larger bathroom so I have to think if you request a bigger bathroom the staff would be accomodating. Breakfast in the morning was great, muffins, scones, pastries, fruit, coffee, tea and OJ---and all right outside your room!The free wine in the restaurant was such a nice touch and we sat talking at the bar for a long time and no one seemed to mind. We ended up eating at Fino and it was delicious. The front desk attendant was very helpful and got us ice several times. Also, the parking seemed to be the same price as the lots we saw around the area and very nice because they valet it for you. We would stay at the Andrews again in a heartbeat. The price is so reasonalbe and the hotel is charming on top of it!	
Nov 20 2008 	Definitely Noisy...	My boyfriend and I stayed here for two nights... and it's a good thing we get a long well since the room was so small we were practically on top of each other. Also, we had a front room on hte corner and the traffic from the street was so loud at night. There is no air conditioning and the heat was turned up so high (you can not control your own) we had to have the windows open to breathe. The benefit, however, is that the price is great for the location. Also a light breakfast is included, as are the sodas and water in the mini fridge. I would stay here again, I would just ask for a back room and bring my own ear plugs!	
Nov 14 2008 	Nice hotel with caveats	We stayed at the Andrew's hotel for 3 nights. I booked them upon reviews I read here. Pros:- Great location. A couple of blocks from Union Square. Probably just about 10 minutes from Powell Street Station, if you're taking the BART from the airport. - The breakfast was nice (pastries and fruit)- Complimentary water, coffee, tea (and glass of wine at the Vino) was a nice touch- Free wifi- Clean- Staff were friendly and helpfulCons:- Smallest bathroom ever. Quite difficult to bend over and wash your feet in the shower since the stall was very cramped. I'm not a large person (5'5&quot;) and I felt cramped. The toilet was not easy to sit on. If you had a belly, it would probably be pressing against the sink. -because the room in general was quite small, no where to eat breakfast in the room with 2 people (you can eat on the bed, but.....)-Bed was too soft, your whole body would just sink in. would have preferred a firmer mattress. Bed was too soft and made it difficult to have breakfast on.Overall, it is a nice hotel. Rates were great. But if you're a larger individual, I would be cautious because it is small. Hesitant on giving the hotel a higher score because the small room and soft bed. If you don't mind the size, then this is really a nice place to stay.	
Oct 29 2008 	Enjoyed our stay at the Andrews	My husband and I stayed 4 nights at the Andrews and would recommend this hotel to any budget minded traveler to San Francisco. We stayed in a corner king room on the second floor. The room was small and the bathroom was also small but the place had a historic charm. I will agree with others who posted comments about the hotel being noisy as in street noise. We always travel with earplugs and we used them this trip. We heard lot of noise from the street and the alley but I expected it being in the city. We enjoyed the continental breakfast in the mornings and the wine in the evening. The front desk staff were helpful and they printed out our airline boarding passes. The location is great and very easy to find many restaurants in easy walking distance. FINO in the hotel is also a great dining option. In searching for a hotel in SF one finds the prices can be extremely expensive. The Andrews was very affordable and I felt I got a great bargain at the Andrews.	
Oct 13 2008 	Great Value!	I have stayed in a lot of hotels in San Francisco in different parts of the city and i would recommend the Andrews Hotel for the no frills type traveller that is more interested in seeing the sights than having a fancy room. The rooms are on the small side but are very clean. The bedding is adequate. What I like about the Andrews the most is that the price is somewhere around $139 depending on the room that you pick and it is located within walking distance to Chinatown, North Beach of even Fishermans wharf if you are in decent shape. The neighborhood that the Andrews is located in is Union Square though it is on the outermost edge. The BART station is only four blocks away. The staff has always been very friendly and helpful, taking time to draw up maps and give advice on the area. Coffee and pastries are availble right outside your door in morning. Finos italian restaurant is next door to the property and is excellent. I would recommend Andrews to anyone.	
Oct 8 2008 	Great small hotel - good value great location friendly staff	We stayed in a 'comfy queen' room. The rooms are small (European style), and clean but very adequate. The best part about this hotel was the extremely helpful and friendly front staff and the location (2 blocks from Union Square). An above average continental breakfast is placed on every floor. Try to stay at the back of the hotel -- when the windows are open it's noisy well into the morning. (There's no air conditioning.) While not fancy, this hotel offered excellent value for the money. When we return to San Francisco we will stay here again.	
Oct 6 2008 	Great charming hotel	Location is convenient to BART, cable cars, Union Square and Chinatown. Charming, historic little hotel with friendly staff. The rooms are small, but very clean, comfortable and cozy! Tasteful furnishings, very comfy bed! Continental breakfast placed on each floor -- just throw on a robe or come out in your jammies and get a yummy breakfast of juice, coffee or tea, fresh fruit and a great selection of baked goods to take back to your room. Super convenient! Had dinner one night in the restaurant downstairs -- a hidden find that was absolutely delicious! The Andrews Hotel on Post Street is a wonderful, affordable gem in San Francisco!	
Oct 1 2008 	Darn location ISN'T everything after all	This hotel is convenient to Union Square and its attractions. It's quaint, a little down at the heels, but ultimately gives value in an expensive market. A nice continental breakfast is served on each floor - fresh pastries, orange juice, coffee, tea and fruit. There's always hot tea and coffee available in the lobby, and you can stop by the bar between 5:30 and 6:30 pm for a complimentary glass of wine. The restaurant, Fino, serves commendable Italian fare, and although it doesn't replace a trip to North Beach the staff was helpful, gracious and well versed in hospitality.What I didn't like: teensy-tiny room (the bathroom was literally in the closet and was no more than 10 sq. ft.); noise (if your room is in the front the street noise is loud all night. If you're on the back or the alley, the bar in the back releases a steady stream of loud, inebriated people until about 2:30 am, and then the garbage truck will wake you up at 4:30 am.) It was unusually warm during our stay, and there's no A/C. We opened the windows and turned on the ceiling fan, but that, of course, let in more noise.Older members of the hotel staff were professional and efficient. Younger staff were apathetic at best.Honestly, I think I'd try someplace else next trip to San Francisco.	
Sep 28 2008 	Great home base for exploring SF	My husband and I recently had a very pleasant three night (Wed-Thurs-Fri) stay at the Andrews. Great location, just a few blocks west of Union Square. The front desk staff were very friendly and helpful; the main lobby is small but comfortable, with daily newspapers and coffee and tea available all day (and wine at night). I had read that the street traffic can be loud at night so I requested an upper-floor room; they accomodated us with a cozy Queen on the 7th floor. The room was, again, small but comfortable, and clean. Very comfy bed. Our bathroom was actually quite spacious with a great shower. Breakfast is available on each floor every morning and this was really convenient (and yummy-- fruit, muffins, croissants, coffe/tea/OJ). The only thing the room needed was a small table to eat at. The front desk has a great selection of DVDs you can borrow to play on your flat screen TV in the room, which was a nice option to consider when we arrived back in the room at night, exhausted after walking up and down all those hills all day. :)Finally, the attached restaurant, Fino, is really excellent and highly recommended-- we had a great dinner there our last night.I would definitely stay at the Andrews again, and certainly recommend it!	
Sep 3 2008 	Andrews Hotel a great place to stay in SF	Stayed 3 nights in SF at the Andrews. Great value given the location, 2 blocks from Union Square. Stayed in the Corner King, nice cross breeze (no A/C). Tiny bathroom. No problem for me, but if you are taller than 5'5, it might be an issue. Nice breakafst, hot coffee/tea, juice, fruit and pastries. Overall a an excellent place to stay. It's not luxurious, but it is very comfortable and charming, the staff is helpful and you can't beat the location.	
Aug 28 2008 	Great little hotel	We stayed at the Andrews for 3 nights and loved it. Very friendly staff, nice room, super location, and the food in Finos was excellent. We have recomended the Andrews to friends and one couple returned also saying how nice it was.We used the valet parking service offered by the hotel and it was trouble free if a little expensive.	
Aug 15 2008	Small hotel in a great location	The best thing about this hotel is its location and that everything is as advertised on their website (always a worry in these times of cunning web design). Neat rooms, breakfast outside in the corridor + tea, coffee, cold water all day in the lobby. The staff were polite and helfpul - what more could we ask for?!All in all my two teenagers and I spent a happy three nights there - launching off every morning to explore SF and being just a few minutes from Union Square was perfect.	
Aug 6 2008 	Cozy hotel in a great location	I used to live in San Francisco, and now visit every year. This hotel will be my base from now on: it's not fancy, but is in a superb location, is priced well, and the staff is very nice. I love the buffet continental breakfast on every floor; it's so convenient to pop out and get a cup of coffee to drink while getting ready to go out for the day. Many good restaurants in the neighborhood, including one right in the hotel.	
Aug 5 2008 	Liked the Andrews	My husband and I just returned from a five night stay at the Andrews Hotel in San Francisco and were pleased. When we checked in we were given a king size sunny corner bedroom with two bay windows that faced Post Street. The side windows faced an apartment building. We had two club chairs, fridge and private bathroom with a shower. It was clean and neat and exactly as advertised. Shortly after we dropped our bags in the room there was a knock on the door and a maid appeared with a small vase of flowers. Plus # 1. The next was a note telling the guests of the Andrews that you were welcome to come to the lovely first floor restaurant every night of our stay for a free glass of wine. Plus #2.The refridgerator in the room was stocked with complimentary beverages (non alchoholic), which when used was replaced the next day. Plus #3. And the last nice plus was the lovely continental breakfast that was set out each morning on each floor between 7 and 9:30 AM. You simply went outside, grapped a tray and filled it up with fruit, muffins, coffee and juice. The staff were all pleasant, and in one particular case went over and beyond the cause of helpful, but I'm getting ahead of myself.Every hotel has its issues. Be aware that this is a European style hotel. Built before the 1906 quake, it is well worn, but obviously well cared for. The antique elevator was small. Our bathroom shower was probably two feet by two feet. However, the water was hot and the towels could be replaced as little or often as you asked. They supplied lovely shampoo, etc. and replaced as necessary. I don't believe we received that from a major hotel in Vegas. But again I digress, The second problem stems simply from the hotel's age. It seemed to have very little sound proofing. The curved glass windows are single paned and the walls are thin. We woke up every morning to the daily garbage pick-up and street cleaning. It seemed that every street noise was magnified straight into our room. On our first night in the hotel there was a very loud party coming from either the street or the apartment building next door. I awoke with a start to karakoke voice minicking Elivis singing Neil Diamond. To be fair my husband didn't think the singing was so awful, however we each agreeded it terribly was loud. I called the front desk. The clerk asked which room we were in and then said &quot;hang on a minute&quot;. The phone was placed down and minute later he came back with an apology that there was a loud drunken party going on and that was the last song. Sure enough, the &quot;singing&quot; ended and back to sleep we went. I felt very grateful at that moment. That was the only problem we encountered during our stay, other than the normal city noises.This hotel will appeal to those who prefer a smaller, older, more intimate hotel over the large, sterile, hotel chains that infest the downtowns of most US cities. The Andrews isn't perfect, but has charm, is safe, well located, and is a surprising bargain for the price.	
Jul 26 2008 	Great location helpful staff	Great location in San Francisco. Staff friendly and helpful. Small, older hotel with character. Continental breakfast served on each floor.	
Jul 22 2008 	Great Hotel	We stayed at the Andrews Hotel in July 2008. Our over all experience was excellent. Breakfast was great, and highly recommend FINO's for dinner located on the premisses. Location to the CBD was awesome, and the hotel had no hesitations in booking tours for us at no cost.	
Jul 12 2008	Great Hotel	We stayed here for 4 nights in June 2008. Having never been to San Francisco before, we wanted a hotel that was a short walk away from the action.The Andrews Hotel is a perfect hotel for Union Square and all the bars and shopping that come with it. With Union square comes the cable car route that takes you all the way to Fishermans Wharf - the best way to travel.Check in was easy, very polite staff, and we were very pleased with our room on the 7th floor. It wasn't the biggest, but we expected this and was perfectly in character of the hotel.As we were celebrating a belated honeymoon, a bottle of sparkling wine/champagne was waiting for us upon arrival. Very nice! There is only 1 lift, but we never had problems waiting for it, a very nice original feature of the hotel.Breakfasts were nice, left out on each level for guests to go help themselves to tea, coffee, orange juice, fresh fruit and breads.By staying at the Andrews, every night, each guest is entitled to a free glass of wine at the Italian restuarant called Fino that shares the ground floor. This was a nice touch, and we ate there on our first night. The food and service were both very very good. The only problem we encountered was trying to get an international line so we could phone home. We were not successful, despite the help from reception staff, but when the attempts appeared on our final invoice, they were more than happy to wipe it off. All in all, we really enjoyed our stay here, and would definately recommend it to other travellers.	
Jun 19 2008 	Solid San Francisco Hotel!	We spent three nights here - Room 409 was very quiet.. It was everything advertised - great location (near Union Square) and very friendly staff. Continental breakfast was excellent - we stored the fresh fruit for our lunches and the pastries/rolls/croissants hit the spot.We traveled w/ our 11 yr. old son and for $10 each night they provided a rollaway bed.We enjoyed the complimentary wine and dined one night at FINO which has a very reasonably priced menu w/ tasty food.You are not far from a cable car line (Powell and Post) and if you are spending a few days there I recommend the MUNI passport that you can buy at the Powell and Market station as each cable car ride is $5 a throw!	
Jun 16 2008 	Lots of Charm	Just returned from a trip to San Fran and stayed 1 night at the Andrew's Hotel and was very pleased with all aspects of the hotel. The property itself is from the early 1900's and has preserved much of the charm and character, but has the modern things we all desire; king size bed, radio, fridge, tv, dvd player, etc. The old fashion elevator with the sliding grate door is a step back in time.We had a 'sunny bay' room which overlooked the street and was plenty big. The bathroom was a bit small, so be warned for those that need more space.There is a continental breakfast of muffins, fruit, coffee and juice on each floor that you can enjoy in the privacy of your own room. There was also complimentary soda and water in the mini fridge, which was a very nice touch. There is no parking on-site, but we were directed to a local parking garage for $20 for 1 night (no in-and-out privileges).Location is near a trolley line and plenty of restaurants and bars in walking distance. It was also nice to stay somewhat away from the highly touristed areas.	
Jun 15 2008	Charming all round	This lived up to all the reviews I had read before booking it, and if you are looking for something a little different to the usual drab chain hotel decor then I would recommend it.The staff could not have been more welcoming, the rooms were very quaint and reasonably priced and the location made for a great few days exploring the city.Minor complaint was that there was no fridge in the room, but that would be seriously nitpicking as I thoroughly enjoyed this stay in a very charming and nicely decorated place. Free internet in the rooms was a bonus, and good idea having the breakfast on each floor, albeit it just a pastry and a coffee.A lot of love and thought has clearly been put in to this hotel, and I would recommend this as an excellent value base for anyone exploring this wonderful city.	
Jun 4 2008 	Terrific "home base" for San Francisco	My wife and I visited the Andrews Hotel for three nights as an anniversary getaway, leaving our young child at home. The hotel was a perfect launching off point for our adventures in San Francisco. The &quot;old world&quot; style and charm of the hotel made it a great place for a romantic long weekend. The staff was professional, the room very comfortable despite its modest size, and the location excellent. Having read other TripAdvisor reviews, we booked a &quot;Comfy Queen&quot; and requested an upper-level room if possible. Upon arrival, we were given room 709, back and away from the elevator on the hotel's top floor. It was nicely but simply decorated, with a TV monitor and DVD player in the room. The bed was on the soft side but quite comfortable. There was a small desk and dresser, and a nice leather chair in the corner. If we had wanted to, it would have been a nice quiet spot to spend a little time reading or something.The bathroom was among the more spacious in the hotel, I'm assuming, as others have commented on their tiny size. Ours was actually quite large, with a full bath and shower as well as a separate alcove for toilet, and enough space so both of us could get ready at the same time (although we had to swap space in front of the mirror/sink). The street noise was modest for a hotel in the downtown area of a major city. I slept with ear plugs, as I usually do when I travel, and had slept like a dream. My wife had no problems without her ear plugs, and she is a fairly light sleeper. Continental breakfast will not satisfy those who insist on Americanized breakfast rooms or expect a big meal, but we very much enjoyed the assortment of muffins, croissants, butter and jam, fresh fruit, coffee, and freshly squeezed orange juice. It was nice to have trays set out to carry food back to our room. One nice touch was the captain's chairs folded and waiting in our closet--extra seating on the fly!We enjoyed a complementary glass of wine in Fino, the bar/restaurant in the lobby, one evening. We did not dine there but the food looked and smelled great. We also appreciated having water, tea, and coffee available in the lobby at all times. Location is an easy (although uphill) walk from Union Square, right in the heart of the theater district and near Nob Hill. Convenient to virtually everything, including public transport (cable cars, MUNI, BART station, etc.). The Thai restaurant across the street (Ar Roi) is also quite good, by the way! Though the room would have been cramped if we'd brought our child, we will definitely return to the Andrews Hotel when the two of us are in San Francisco on our own.	
May 23 2008 	Small but cozy	The Andrews Hotel has really friendly staff and lots of character. It is in a good location, just 2 blocks off Union Square. It is really cute and historic, with an excellent restaurant just off the lobby. They even offer a free glass of wine to those who stay at the hotel each day! I stayed with a friend from graduate school, who was 8 months pregnant. So, the small room, which would have been perfectly fine for 1 person or even a couple, was a little cramped for us. The bathroom was probably about the smallest I've ever seen, but everything was impeccably clean and very comfortable, despite the small size. We stayed on the 6th floor facing the back of the building, and although we did hear street noise, it was never annoying or loud.I'd definitely recommend this hotel, especially for solo travelers or couples just spending a couple days in the city.	
Apr 6 2008 	Clean 	We were very pleased with our stay at this charming hotel. Very clean. The staff was great and the quirky character of the old building reminded us of hotels in London. The location was great-- within walking distance of Union Square and Chinatown. That does mean a certain amount of street noise, so bring your earplugs! I would give it an &quot;excellent&quot;, except for two things: the breakfast was only so-so and the $28/night parking fee, although typical for San Francisco, seems outrageous!	
Mar 5 2008 	Nice Stay	After reading the advice found on this site, I had requested a room on a higher floor. Upon check in we were given a room on the second floor with the possibility of a room change the next day. The room's bathroom was very small and not easy to use. It was loud at night with the room facing the alley. The next day we did get a different room on the top floor, and it made a great difference. The bathroom was much bigger, and the noise was minimal. Also, the maid showed us what the &quot;best&quot; room in the hotel looked like, and it was not much nicer than the other rooms. Overall, for the price, the hotel worked for us and we would only stay again if we were guaranteed a room on the upper floors.	
Feb 19 2008	Excellent location	Excellent location, really convenient to Union Square (two blocks) and all the cable car lines for easy transport. Neighbourhood felt very safe at all hours. Staff very friendly and helpful. Our room was very small and had views to the brick wall next door but was comfortable and cosy nonetheless. Breakfast is a selection that you can take back to your room, or out with you for the day if you prefer- pastries and fresh fruit and coffee.	
Feb 16 2008 	Small but comfortable	This hotel is a little out of the way - about 2 blocks west of Union Square, and maybe 6 from Chinatown. There are a few shops and restaurants nearby, so it's not isolated, just not in the best location for walking. The Italian restaurant in the lobby smelled fantastic and has free wine tastings in the evenings (though we never had the chance to go). There is $25 all-day parking behind the hotel that is manned during the daytime, and if you've got a room in the back, you can at least keep an eye on your car at night. It felt fairly safe and secure. There is also a small night club directly behind the hotel in the parking area, which gets only a little noisy at nights, but not annoyingly so. I actually could not hear the music inside at all from my room -- just the occasional drunk in the parking lot. The rooms got a little stuffy with the windows closed, but they do open (1 in room, 1 in bathroom), which allows for good ventilation. There is a heater, but no A/C or fan. The cont. breakfast is small, but tasty. It is served on a table in the hallways of every floor, so if you run out of something on your floor, you can call the front desk or simply go to the next floor. The staff were very courteous and helpful when I stayed there. The rooms are small. And I mean, small. I don't have the official statistics, but we did some comparison measuring at home and came up with about 120-130'sq including a tiny bathroom. We had a room w/ 1 Queen, which was a big enough bed, and very comfortable, but it was so small we couldn't fit a rollaway (which are available, leading me to believe there are larger rooms available). NOT recommended for families but it would be fantastic for singles or couples who don't mind a decent walk to attractions - at least the walk is interesting. I'd love to stay there again, but I usually go to San Francisco for Chinatown, so we probably wont due to the distance.	
Jan 1 2008 	Great Value Hidden Treasure!	What a hidden treasure this quaint little hotel is.... We were quite sceptical before arriving, as the value for money and free breakfast seemed too good to be true! Admittedly, the rooms are small..... but you really dont need much else, they were clean, quiet and what a great location. You dont really want to stay right on union square or the cable car lines anyway as it is very noisy. At The Andrews you are just a few hundred metres to Union Square, great spot.The staff were ever so helpful.A few words of advice:* if you want to go to Alcatraz - book early! We missed out, as it was the off season and only take limited numbers and they were booked out.* the fruit and pastry baskets on the floor of a morning were very welcomed, as was the afternoon free glass of wine* we didnt get to eat at the hotel on site, it was very busy every night, but we did go to the thai across the road - yum! And the crepe place across the road was superb!!!!!! Best crepe I have ever eaten!!!!!Overall, Andrews is great value for money and I would definately stay there next trip.	
Dec 30 2007	A very comfortable experience	When I make my annual visit to San Francisco, I look forward to staying at the Andrews Hotel.I can best describe my stay as comfortable. The staff is responsive, the room is cozy and the morning continental breakfast is enought o get the day started off right.Cafe Fino is located off of the hotel lobby. The food and service is outstanding and there is a complimentary glass of wine with each night's stay.	
Nov 21 2007 	Probably not again	On a positive note, the location was very good, the front desk staff (Oscar) were extremely helpful and the coffee and pastry’s in the morning were very nice. What will prevent us from staying in the future are the impossibly small bathroom and the noise. We had asked for a quiet room as suggested here. We ended up with a room on the sixth floor and it was still noisy. The bathroom was clearly a former closet. It is smaller than a bathroom on a ship. I am 5' 8&quot; and 150 lbs and I could not put on a pair of pants without opening the door.	
Oct 22 2007	A San Francisco gem!	Andrews Hotel was the perfect place to stay in San Francisco - we had heard of friends staying in some really bad areas of the city, so we were nervous about getting the right hotel as we were two girls travelling alone, in our early twenties.The outside of the hotel was small and the decor was dated but our room was clean and comfortable and the breakfast was excellent.The real jewel in the crown of Andrews is Fino's - the stunning Italian Restaurant next door. We enjoyed two fantastic meals there. The staff are also to be commended as they went out there way to make us welcome and helped us to organise trips. We particuarlly recommend the wine tasting trip to Napa Valley. Location was good - 2 minutes from Union Square and tram stops. We felt safe at night and were comfortable walking back from the cinema on Mission St.A great hotel for a good price - location, staff and restaurant can't be faulted.	
Oct 17 2007 	Love the Andrews!	Great Location, Friendly and helpful staff. The hotel is a little dated, however it is very very clean. Suggest asking for a room in the rear of the hotel as the street noise can be unbearable in the night. Nice pastries in the morning, on each floor right outside your room...convenient. Great Italian restaurant...Fino... on site. Can't beat it for the money!	
Sep 15 2007 	Loved San Francisco AND the Andrews Hotel	Asked for a quiet room (thanks to Tripadvisor reviews) and got that with room 305 (queen). Small but comfortable. Very good value for money compared to the other hotels we found. Union Square area is definitely your best choice if you want to be close to everything. Stayed for 3 nights beginning + 3 nights end of our trip. Hair dryer was not present in room but could be obtained at simple request. Service impeccable and very friendly. Bathroom was somewhat old and small but very clean (wonderful soap and shampoo!). Bed cosy and very comfortable. Pigeons and neighbours could be heard on occasion but these are really minor/negligeable remarks. Overall : super value for money. Only disadvantage and very unusual sight for Europeans (in my opinion) were the large number of homeless people in the Union Square area. Complimentary breakfast s a very nice touch although we started to become boared with it towards the end. Good coffee ! (also available 24 hrs in the lobby).	
Sep 9 2007 	nice stay for a good price	We recently stayed 4 nights at the Andrews Hotel. Overall it was quiet a good hotel with big and clean enough rooms. We stayed on the 7th floor because we read about noise problems coming from a nearby parking lot and restaurant in a previous review. This proved to be the right decision as it was really noisy at the back of the hotel.Reception staff were very friendly and we received a voucher for a free appetizer in Finos because the elevator wasn't working the first day.The hotel is ideally located, close to Union Square and in a safe area. Just up the road there are some nice restaurants and a good café for breakfast. A deli is right on the corner of the street.The only thing we were not pleased with was the bathroom. I do not mind a small bathroom but the sink is placed very low. You can't sit on the toilet without having the sink on your knee, so this bathroom seemed to be built for dwarfs.Very good breakfast for a hotel in this category (fresh fruits, pastries, juice, coffee and several teas).Would go there again.	
Aug 17 2007 	Andrews Hotel Rocks	Charming Victorian era hotel, old but cute &amp; sparklin' clean. We stayed in an oval room with 2 bay windows, totally cool! Coffee &amp; fruit &amp; pastries on every floor every morning. The location is excellent for shopping. Bus service is readily available &amp; the Tix booth where you purchase Muni Passes for public transportation is 3 blocks away. No nearby BART service, though. The staff here is super nice &amp; helpful &amp; you can get a free glass of wine in the hotel bar once a day! Plus there's a liquor store right on the corner. Also, they show free outdoor movies 3 blocks away at Union Square at night. There is noise at night like any other city, but if yr young &amp;/or go out at night often, this is not a big deal. This place is well worth the price. Many good things within walking distance.	
Aug 13 2007	Good cost performance	A last minute booking. Stayed Saturday &amp; Sunday night. Couldn't find very much reasonably priced on the net. Everything seemed overly exorbitant, and anything in the lower price bracket (prefer to save my money for shopping) showed up as no vacancy on the many hotel booking services I tried. Consequently I rang the hotel (always to be recommended) to find they had one vacancy. $119 for Saturday night, $109 for Sunday, for a small room with a double bed. I found the room small but clean, and as it was on the 4th floor, and near the rear, minimal noise, except for the pigeons (but they too sleep). Breakfast was just outside the door. It starts at 7, so I'd advise gettimg out earlier, grabbing the good pastries (really liked the one with the apple filling), and relaxing in bed with the above, over the squeezed orange juice and coffee. The first day, the juice was all gone, so I called the front for a refill (0.5litre jug is placed on the self serve trolley in the hall outside the rooms on each floor). I also asked for more pastries, but told there were on more, and was advised to check other floors - hence my recommendation to get up early.The free wine is between 5 and 6:30 in the neighbouring FINO restaurant. The food smells good, but I cancelled my booking after showing up 5 minutes late for the wine, and being refused, even though I had given a healthy tip the previous day. It's another story, I suppose, and I was late. Two guys in the restaurant were very helpful on the first day. The guy who refused the wine on the second day should perhaps quit working in the hospitality industry. Of course, this probably has nothing to do with the hotel per se.Anyway, good value, great location, friendly people, so I&quot;m going back again for a longer stay next week - seems like a bargain - a queen size for $99 per night. Stay tuned for the next instalment.	
Aug 5 2007 	Loved the Andrews!	My sister and I stayed here for 5 nights recently. We had a great first trip to San Francisco and would definitely return to the Andrews Hotel. Found this hotel by just googling and am so happy we found it! The included breakfast was tasty and very convenient...just walk outside your room and grab coffee/tea/muffins/pastries. The complimentary wine hour was a great way to chat with other guests and nice bar tenders who always had a good suggestion for dinner. The room was very clean and quiet. We never had any trouble falling asleep...we were on the 5th floor. The flat screen tv was super also...we enjoyed it while drinking our coffee in the morning. The hotel staff was very helpful and full of good info....we asked them at least one question every morning before heading out and they were always nice and right on with directions/suggestions. We would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a nice, affordable, comfortable (the beds and pillows were great!), cute hotel within walking disance to everything.	
Aug 3 2007 	Great Location	We just got back from this hotel where we stayed 5 nights. Rooms and bathrooms are small but clean. Staff very friendly. Continental breakfast very good, fresh pastries and good coffee. Free glass of wine at the Fino is fun when you are back to enjoy it. The location is GREAT. Walking distance to everywhere and close to public transportation. Will definitely stay there again. (noise outside but too tired to let it bother us).	
Jul 19 2007 	Fantastic	Stayed for 4 nights (Thu – Sun) There is a little noise but was so tired didn’t hear a thing overnight, just the bin men about 7.30am. Heating worked well ( It is cold in SF)Breakfast is good enough if you don’t want a big feed, nice OJ, coffe and bread items.Hotel old but well kept, location great, staff helpful.I had no plans to eat at the hotel, but while having my free glass of wine at night ( its an hour but you only get one glass), the food looked so good I couldn’t resist, but you will need to book if you want to eat before 8pm as it was full every night, certainly glad we did we had a great meal.I really cant fault this place, will stay her again if ever in SF again	
Jun 23 2007 	very noisy hotel	I am sitting in my hotel room at the Andrews Hotel at 7.30 am on a Saturday morning. I have had only 1 and a half hours sleep. I have to say this is the noisiest hotel and location I have ever stayed in. The walls are paper thin and I can hear the conversations the guys next door are having. The plumbing is noisy too. Last night the street noise was loud and a party seemed to start near by that didn't finish until 5.30. People started rising at 6 so as one source of noise ended another began. I am normally a very good sleeper and never stay awake all night. But I couldn't sleep at the Andrew's hotel. At 4.30 I spoke to the front desk about the noise outside and the concierge did check outside but couldn't locate the source of the 'party' noise. Staff are friendly here. You have to take your own bags to room. Breakfast is very basic muffins and croissants laid out in hallway so you have to eat in own room.Good restaurant on first floor Fino. Excellent value Italian. Had stayed here 6 years ago and didn't remember any noise problems.I'm going to be really tired today and we have a day planned. Its spoiled my weekend and I wouldn't ever choose this hotel again because of the noise.	
May 30 2007	Great location and value	After reading the reviews for this hotel we stayed for a 3 nights in May 2007 and were very pleased. The hotel is centrally located and only a short walk (2 blks) to Union Square. Our room was the Standard Double and at first glance seemed like it was going to be too small but ended up working perfectly. The room was cute and clean, the bed was very comfortable, the bathroom was clean, and the front desk staff were amazing!! We used the valet parking service for $28 /day and found it to be a good solution to the parking woes of downtown SF. We never actually made it to the free breakfast or complimentary wine hour but I am sure it would have been a nice perk to take advantage of. Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay there again. One suggestion: if you travel with kids or a lot of luggage you probably want to go with one of the larger (queen) rooms to make your stay more comfortable.	
Apr 18 2007 	Great hotel for the price	A great hotel and value for money. Spent 4 nights there during our honeymoon and would definitely return to the Andrews again. The staff were excellent and very helpful. Great location too being only a couple of blocks away from Union Square (as well as a great laundry place nearby who can deliver your items back to the hotel for free!). We were impressed with the Italian restaurant at the Hotel too. Overall an excellent stay.	
Mar 6 2007 	Cute little hotel!	Stayed at the Andrews for 4 nights and had a pleasant stay. The hotel is just two blocks from Powell which made for a short walk from the bus/cable car. The room was small and our bathroom was a decent size. We had room 604. There was noise from the road/nearby restaurant but it wasn't unbearable. The walls are a bit thin but luckily our neighbors were quiet. The heater was putting out heat even though it was off but it never got too hot in the room. The decor was charming and the staff (with the exception of the night auditor) was very friendly and accommodating. The continental breakfast was just outside the door around the corner, that, along with the evening wine reception were nice treats! We would definitely stay there again!	
Feb 26 2007 	OK... but beware the outside noise on the weekends	We stayed at the Andrews in Early Feb 07. As stated by previous reviewers- the Hotel is clean, well kept, and has an accomodating, helpful staff. The location is convenient, and the price is right.The complimentary breakfast was 'OK' , the coffee wasn't that great so we opted for the tea.... Best to go around the corner to Dotties True Blue Cafe for breakfast. Get there early to avoid the line. (Even with a line, it's worth the wait - terrific breakfast)As stated in previous reviews, the bathrooms are SMALL - I'm only 5'9&quot;, and I had to sit sideways on the toilet so my knees wouldn't hit the drain under the sink.... really.... I'm not kidding. These things were all tolerable in view of the price and location.However, we found that the noise outside from a group of young people in the parking lot on Friday and Sat nites was outrageous. Both nites starting at around 11:30pm the loud, obnoxious and sometimes vulgar conversation from outside could be plainly heard through our closed windows on the 4th floor, lasting until about 3am both nites.They even got together for a 'group scream' at midnight. We are seasoned travelers accustomed to typical big city noises at night. But this was way beyond the occasional drunk or the usual sirens, garbage trucks and street cleaners.Someone from the hotel or restaurant attempted to quiet them down, but they just regathered in about 20 mins and went back at it.So if you stay here, request a room on the 7th floor and hope it's cold out so the revelers don't gather, or - go someplace else.I know we won't be returning, due to the noise issue - too bad, as the hotel is a bargain.	
Feb 21 2007 	Great location terrific breakfasts excellent value	We were unsure what to expect given that this is an older style, boutique hotel and we haven't travelled to San Francisco before and had read that the rooms were very small.. To our relief the hotel was very well situated, in easy walking distance to Union Square and in a very pleasant neighbourhood. The rooms were basic but comfortable and the fact that the hotel isn't new just added to the charm. In our group we had a twin bedroom and a double room. The twin bedroom was quite adequate for 2 and the bathroom had a large, deep bath which was great for a soak. The double room was a bit smaller and the bathroom did not have a bath. However this room was only occupied by one person and the size for one wasn't an issue.A continental style breakfast is available on each floor so you just have to pop out of your room and load up a plate with a choice of muffins, pastries, croissants and fruit. Juices, tea and coffee also available. A great idea and much better than having to go down to a restaurant.The restaurant (only available for dinner) was excellent. We didn't take advantage of the wine hour as we were always out at the time but maybe we will manage to fit that in on our next trip to San Francisco. Overall a very pleasant stay and great value. We will certainly choose to stay at the Andrews Hotel next time we visit.	
Feb 8 2007 	comfortable space in central location on a budget	Two blocks from Union Square, the Andrews Hotel was a comfortable and convenient place for us to stay during our vacation Stayed 5 nights February 2-7 in a petite suite, room #701. I booked directly through the hotel requesting room on higher floor. Upgraded to petite suite for the same price as Bay King. Highlights included down comforters on comfortably soft king bed, bonus sink in bedroom, two large closets, fresh daisies, fridge stocked daily with free soda and water. and very clean. Didn't get a chance to try the free wine at the bar in the evening, but liked having the fruit/pastry/juice/coffee offerings outside our room in the morning. Plus they left a basket of apples out in the hall all the time. Borrowed dvds free from the hotel's collection one night when I couldn't sleep. Rooms had plenty of natural sunlight through bay windows which accounts for the fading but the peach and green decor could use some updating. Oscar Morales at the desk was most engaging and insghtful about current events and happenings in the city. He completely won over our local friends with his spot on recommendations and charm. Other clerks at the desk were very accommodating and helpful.	
Jan 13 2007 	Great Hotel	The Andrews Hotel made our NYs celebrations special as our previous hotel messed up our booking we turned to them as they are (a) cheap and (b) I had read good reviews on here! Our stay was great and for what you pay this is a top hotel with a great location for exploring the city and of course, its shops! The staff were really helpful and even upgraded us for free. The room are either a King with two large bay windows and a more compact bathroom, or a Queen room with one window and a larger bathroom. We opted for the larger room and smaller bathroom and it was great. The building itself shares the great architecture that many of San Franciscos hotels offer and the old style lift was fun....the breakfast is a basic continental affair laid up in the hallway every morning, sufficiant but if you're into your full breakfasts then maybe not your cup of tea.	
Dec 17 2006 	Our new home in SF	Fabulous location, lovely decor, well-equipped room, helpful staff, plentiful breakfast right outside your room, free wine every night ~ what else do u want??? Room 607 was comfortable &amp; quiet enough. Perhaps most importantly, absolutely everything was CLEAN CLEAN CLEAN. About 3 short blocks away from cheap public bus that goes all over town to most of the sights &amp; neighborhoods u definitely want to see. Will stay here on every future visit to SF. Enjoy!	
Dec 2 2006 	Great service by Oscar Morales	For the price we paid, Andrews Hotel is value for money. It's centrally located and the service by their assistant manger Oscar Morales is very personal - He knows your name and greets you whenever you enter the lobby. The breakfast is great and the afternoon wine (FREE!) is a nice way to relax in the lobby. The rooms are small but cosy, yes the toliet may be a bit small but you can't have the best of everything. You can also borrow DVDs for free at the reception. There are parking lots behind the hotel, but it doesn't come cheap. Anyway, parking in San Francisco is not cheap!	
Dec 1 2006	Thumbs up to Andrews!	I definitely recommend the Andrews Hotel. We had a very pleasant stay there this past weekend. The hotel is 3 blocks from Union Square so its close to all the shopping etc. Initially, we had a suite on the 7th floor facing the street. But it was noisy even late into the night. We could easily hear all the traffic and noisy revelers from the bars etc!! We changed our rooms to something in the middle of floor (room 704) and that was the quietest possible. The staff was very accomodating and helpful. There was no problem with hot water or anything else. Decent breakfast as advertised. Had a decent PInot Grigio and white Zin at Fino (complimentary). We did not eat there but ate at an Indonesian place two doors down from the hotel. That was great food. I think the place is called &quot;the Indonesian Restaurant&quot;. There is also a wine bar almost next to the hotel that a friend recommended. BUt did not get a chance to go there.We will certainly stay at The Andrews Hotel the next time we venture to the City.	
Nov 18 2006 	Small but very comfortable	Yes, the rooms are tiny, and the bathroom is a marvel of creative design with a very small space. But, what do I care? OK, OK, I'm only 5'2&quot;, and I can see that, a six-footer might feel squeezed But, for me, the Andrews was the perfect, cozy little oasis for my business trip to San Francisco. The room was pleasantly decorated and well-appointed, with a little desk one could actually use, a 15-inch LCD TV and DVD player, and a good Wi-Fi signal (very important to me). Also, the staff were friendly and helpful. And, the price is right. I didn't have a chance to sample the restaurant, Fino, but the free glass of wine in the evening was a spare but excellent pinot grigio. It seemed to sum up the Andrews Hotel experience, and I have made the hotel my new favorite for San Francisco. Sure, I can get more real estate somewhere else, but what would I do with it? Give me a friendly, comfortable haven in the big city. If only there were more hotels like the Andrews.	
Nov 5 2006 	NO HOT WATER!!!!!!!!!!	WARNING! This hotel regularly runs out of hot water! Only stay here if you don't want to take a shower. Also, the rooms are very, very small. I mean small, as in closet with windows. When I stayed in one of the &quot;king&quot; rooms, the sink was in my lap when I sat on the toilet. There are many other (better) choices in this neighborhood, like the Metropolis or the Cosmo even.	
Oct 22 2006 	Wonderful location	Stayed in the Andrews Hotel from 29th September to 4th October. Really enjoyed our stay - Was very quaint and had a lot of character. The location was ideal - just a few blocks from Union Square and transport links. The room was small but we were aware of that when we booked it. The bathroom was tiny and in fact was not much bigger than the closet. This was our only fault with the room and overall we were pleased with the hotel. Our room and the hotel overall were very clean. Did not find it noisy but we were on the 7th floor. Would definitely recommend the restaurant in the hotel - Fino's - excellent. Anna at the front desk was very helpful with booking trips.	
Oct 22 2006 	Good value	Stayed here three nights. Found it to be clean and acceptable.Continental breakfast served on each floor. There was always plenty there. Room is small but that was OK. Bathroom was VERY SMALL! For the price and location I thought it was good.	
Oct 11 2006 	Great location	Great location 2 blocks from Union Square. Yes the rooms are small but they are very clean. The front desk staff are very helpful, breakfast is great (coffee, juice, fruit, fresh buns and pastries) , and who can argue with a free glass of wine in the afternoon. All in all, probably the best bargain in the Union Square area.	
Oct 3 2006 	Cute boutique hotel	Nicely decorated hotel with lots of character. Felt very old San Francisco. The continental breakfast had a good variety, and the hotel also had nice touches like 24 hour coffee/tea service in the lobby. Rooms are indeed small, a little dark, and the bathrooms have not been modernized. I did not find it to be noisy even though my room was next to the elevator. The hotel put a $150 hold on my credit card (for a one night stay with a room rate of $99), which I was not expecting.	
Sep 26 2006	Comfortable with an a good central location	We stayed at the Andrews Hotel for a couple of nights at the beginning of August. The room was small, but very comfortable and quiet, with everything we needed. The location was excellent - we were able to walk to Union Square and the Ferry Building, Chinatown, and Fisherman's Wharf, which made it a very convenient base. The Hotel is also very close to a number of car rental places, so it was easy to walk to one at the end of our stay to pick up a car.I'd definitely stay here again if I were to return to San Francisco.	
Sep 4 2006 	Noisy!	The Andrews Hotel was not as advertised, but I guess you get what you pay for. Parking was a problem and not because there is only a valet service. There are parking zones in front of the hotel that shares the block with two other hotels and a laundromat. At times there were a number of patrons in the street using the few parking spots. Inside the hotel itself the walls are rather thin making it quite noisy later in the evening and early in the morning. The hotel staff seemed aloof and the management was sparcely available. I highly recommend spending $30 eleswhere in Union Square that has parking and cleaner rooms.	
Aug 26 2006 	Fabulous Gem in SF for a GREAT price!	Just stayed at this Joie de Vivre line boutique hotel for 2 nights and we loved it! My husband had business in the East Bay and UCSF however, we LOVE coming to SF and enjoy staying in boutique hotels in the city. The Andrews was definitely a true gem. Our room was a king size bedroom...I think they call it the &quot;Cozy King&quot; on their website. And cozy certainly defines it. The bed &amp; pillows were VERY comfortable. We are always prepared for the smaller sized rooms when visiting SF, especially in the boutique hotels. Anyone that complains about the size of these types of hotels definitely needs to read up on boutique hotels or stay at the larger chains (even the W has &quot;smaller&quot; rooms for an upscale hotel-it IS San Francisco after all and personally, we'd much rather spend our time IN the city exploring than hanging out in a bedroom!). We were on the 2nd floor and the elevator did not fail us once. We were able to valet the car however, word to the wise, always call for your car at least 15 minutes before you need it! The receptionist was very very friendly and gave us all the information we needed! The Happy Hour in the adjacent Fino Restaurant is from 5-6:30pm and you receive one complimentary glass of wine. The bartenders both nights were super friendly however, Britney was a STAND OUT! She was very open to chatting with us about local hangouts, etc. We went to a Giants game (that stadium is AMAZING!) and not being familiar with that part of the city, we started asking away. She told us about great little joint called O'Neils right outside the stadium near Chophouse (her other job) and we even saw her in there after the game. As a side note to visitors: We have our SF favorites of course and I would recommend House of Nanking on Kearny for THE BEST Chinese food in the city (don't order from the menu...just set it down and wait. Tell him what you like and how hungry you are and you'll be in heaven soon! PS: not for the claustrophobic. You may sit just as close to your unknown dining neighbor as if you were on the city bus!) If you are a micro-brew beer connoisseur, you MUST go to the Toronado Room in Lower Haight-All kinds of local, CA and northwest local brews in addition to a few micros outside the west coast and the Pabst, Bud, etc. options if you MUST have it. Our friends took us to Kate's Kitchen for breakfast one day (also in Lower Haight) and it was excellent! Tons of food-not a single of us could finish and no one spent more than $10/person!We've been to SF many many times, plan on visiting many many more and ALWAYS enjoy ourselves. The Andrews was really a great experience-we couldn't have asked for a better place for a couple nights of fun w/ friends and exploring. And the price can't be beat for the accommodations &amp; location (for the shopaholics-the Andrews Hotel is minutes, literally a few blocks, from Union Square and shopping galore! Don't forget to hit LUSH bath products on Powell!). Overall, we will definitely stay here again and would receommend it to anyone!	
Jul 19 2006	Perfect spot	We booked to stay at the Andrews for two nights via their own website. Our room and bathroom were small but clean and the space was used very well. We were located right next to the fabulous old style elevator. The location is central to everything we needed and wanted and the staff were courteous and helpful. We checked out on our third day but didn't have to leave until 7 that evening. We left our bags at reception and arrived back in time for our shuttle to the airport. The person at reception offered us the use of a top floor bathroom in which to freshen up before our ride to the airport which was most welcome. Unfortunately we never got tot try the breakfasts as they were always gone by the time we got up.If you are the kind of traveller that simply uses their hotel room for sleeping and dressing then I highly recommend the Andrews.	
May 31 2006	Old Charmer has character	I stayed at the Andrews Hotel from 5/18 to 5/22/06. This older boutique type charmer has character. I stayed in Room 406, a comfy queen. The buffet breakfast was a nice treat in the mornings and very convienient. Also ate at Fino's, a nice Italian restaurant.My only complaint about the hotel was probably due to a lack of communication. I could not get the shower to work. I was informed after my stay that instructions are being formatted for the guest rooms. Apparently, you have to pull down on the faucet ring to engage the shower. I reported my shower as inoperable but no one got back to me about it.Why?	
May 30 2006	Quaint hotel near Union Square	My mother and I stayed here 5/18 - 5/22. The staff was friendly, the location was convenient to Union Square (shopping and restaurants), and the breakfast was decent (pastries, juice, coffee, fruit). The beds were comfy and there were extra pillows in the closet. Our room faced the back, so there was some noise from the restaurant &quot;Le Colonial&quot; behind the hotel, but it wasn't so bad we couldn't sleep. The slamming of our neighbors' room doors was a bit disturbing, though. There is a coffee/tea/cocoa table in the lobby at all hours, which is nice. Valet took longer than expected to bring our car around, but it didn't cause any problems since we built extra time into our schedule. The lobby is small, but has enough chairs and a couch to sit and wait for your car or rest. For the price, location, and staff demeanor, it was definitely worth it. One staff member did give us the wrong directions to the Bay to Breakers though...	
Apr 30 2006	Great friendly hotel	The Andrews Hotel rooms were very small, but nicely decorated &amp; furnished, the cleanilness was excellent. The service was really good &amp; the hotel restaurant superb &amp; very popular with the locals. The free continental breakfast put out on each floor was excellent and the free glass of wine in the bar each evening of you stay was well worth getting back for (served between 5.30 - 6.30). The hotel is a long walk from Fishermans Wharf, but very close to Union Square. The roads are a bit of a killer with them being so steep, but is it not advisable to drive in the city as the parking is very limited. The cable car service is pretty good if you don't fancy walking everywhere. I wore my stepper &amp; on the day we walked over the Golden Gate Bridge we did 41,000 steps (approx 36.8km) so if you like walking it is ideal!! I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone, the room had one of the best showers I have ever used &amp; the bed one of the most comfortable I have slept in.	
Apr 4 2006	Great location small room	Stayed here for 5 nights last week. Top location 5 mins walk from cable cars and Union Square. Loads of MUNI buses in area as well. Wine hour between 5.30 - 6.30 was most appreciated after a hard day sightseeing - my pal even got a free glass when she joined me one day - it is one glass each. Only problems were size of rooms which are a bit pokey - I couldnt lay my suitcase out properly. Also restaurant / bar closed early - I couldnt have a nightcap at 9.30pm. Staff v friendly esp Oscar the main receptionist. My tip - fab traditional diner round corner on corner adjacent to Geary Theatre. Open until late. Also v good Scottish bar called Edinburgh Castle on Geary (?) round corner serves pitchers of 3 plus pints for $9. Also you can smoke on the roof very nice views of Downtown.	
Apr 4 2006 	Historical Preservation and Customer Service	This boutique hotel is the perfect alternative to the godless corporate chains closer to Union Square. It wears its history proudly, and the marble steps that used to go to the saltwater baths on the second floor are still there. Be sure to ask the staff (especially the amazing Oscar) about the place's past: it was the only building in the area to survive the Great Shake and Bake, and so the owner sold hot showers to the survivors and rescue workers. The 19th C elevator is also a real trip. Sure, rooms are a bit small, as are all urban hotel rooms, but the fresh paint and carpeting have updated the place without turning it into a HoJos. The cleaning staff are the best--polite, fast, and thorough. And don't miss the little baguettes they put in the hall in the morning for continental breakfast.	
Mar 31 2006	Good value and service	My 3-day stay at the Andrews Hotel was a pleasant one overall; I was satisfied with the clean, comfortable room (a &quot;cozy double&quot;) and generally good service. I booked the room directly with the hotel, getting them to match the rate of $79 for weeknights, $99 for weekends, that was quoted by several web booking sites. Note that if you use the hotel's own web site or call the hotel to ask about rates, you're likely to be quoted something higher, so you need to do price-checking on your own and ask them to match the best rate.My room was quite small, as expected, but everything worked well and was clean. The only thing that bothered me a bit was the stained cushions on both the armchair and desk chair. The tiny TV got somewhat inadequate reception of the limited channels available. The room faced east, along the side of the building, so was quieter than front-facing rooms, but there are still bound to be city noises like sirens at times, so it's best to have earplugs on hand. I appreciated the ceiling fan and the two windows in the room, which provided excellent ventilation. The room size was perfectly fine for me, but I think a couple would feel quite cramped in a cozy double room.The Andrews is a small hotel, so there's only one person at a time staffing the front desk. Be prepared to wait if they're already helping someone else. I found almost all the staff to be helpful and professional (esp. Oscar), but the nameless guy on duty when I checked out seemed indifferent to the point of rudeness (he had a friend waiting outside, so seemed to resent having to work). I had to point out to him an error in my bill, and he grudgingly corrected it. It left a somewhat negative impression on what had been a very pleasant stay.Things I especially liked about the Andrews: free breakfast served outside my door each morning; plentiful, high quality, convenient. Things I didn't like: cost of local phone calls; cost of high-speed Internet access.	
Mar 8 2006	It's our third stay!	My wife and I just returned from a week at the Andrews in San Francisco. Notwithstanding staff turnover, this small, European style hotel delivers good value in the gorgeous, but vastly over-price City by the Bay. This hotel may not be for everyone, i.e., families with 6 kids looking for a pool and video arcade. My wife and I found the Andrews to be ideally located, blessed with an outstanding restaurant and still offering cozy, vintage rooms with small charming (and clean!) baths, comfortable beds and, in general, just enough of everything you need to be glad when returning after a long day of walking, eating and absorbing the sights. One tip: Beware of Chris. He promises, but fails to deliver. The Andrews would benefit from the services of a concierage, or at least someone more familiar with the city's attractions. If you already know your way around, already have your tickets to local plays, concerts, etc., the Andrews is really hard to beat. If the staff is reading this, you done good! We'll be back next year!!	
Jan 4 2006	Family Vacation	We just returned from a visit to San Francisco where we stayed at this quaint, cozy hotel. We arrived before check-in time, eager to explore the city, and Oscar had us in our rooms quickly and efficiently. We had requested a separate room for our teen daughters, and Oscar worked dilligently to put us on the same floor. We actually ended up just one room away. The elevator is small, just enough room for the luggage cart and a couple of people, but we relished the idea of racing it up seven stories. Needless to say, that excitement waned after the first trip up the stairs! The main complaints about the Andrews seem to be the tiny rooms and baths, and the noise. We found the size of the rooms to be adequate for all our needs. We were here to see the city, not to spend time in our rooms. As for the noise, we were on the 7th floor, so street noise wasn't bad. We did here sirens, but since my husband is a firefighter that was a plus for us! Oscar was extremely helpful with suggestions and directions.My husband and I enjoyed our complementary glasses of wine (the girls had Shirley Temples) in the cozy lobby. While we didn't ever get to eat in the hotel restaurant, Fino, it was busy each night and we will try again next time we stay here. The continental breakfast was very nice, especially when someone brings you coffee in bed! (Thanks honey!) Even when we didn't get up at the crack of dawn, there was still coffee and crossants.We don't make it to San Francisco very often, but we'd like to. And when we do go again, we will stay at the Andrews.	
Jan 3 2006	great value and service	We stayed at the Andrews Hotel from 12/24 thru 12/30 (6 nites).The Pluses- the room was always clean, the staff from housekeeping to the front desk were superb, the morning continental breakfast on each floor was great. (Assorted pasteries, rolls, coffee, tea, freshly squeezed OJ, fresh fruit- bananas, oranges, apples) As has been mentioned in previous posts Oscar and the front desk staff are great- very patient and genuinely try to please. Great location about 5 minutes to Union Square. We walked to North Beach very easily from this location.The in-hotel restaurant Fino was the best Italian we had while in SF, better than the stuff we tried in North Beach. The servings are huge so don't be afraid to split the plates if you are not in a super hungry mode. We split an appetizer, salad, entree and dessert and we still had too much food. If you are a guest of the Andrews hotel, you also get a free glass of wine with your meal (if served before 6:30pm)Minuses- not many depending on the room your in. The cozy double room is aptly named. The bathroom is really small, about 2.5 feet by 5 feet for the toilet and sink and about 2.5 x 2.5 for the shower. This is not an exaggeration- the rooms vary slightly from floor to floor and our room was located on the 7th floor. If you are a big person you might want to check with the hotel about the bathroom sizes to make sure you can be comfortable with the room. The bedroom portion of the room was cozy but fine. Had a chance to see the rooms with a bathtub, those bathrooms are fine. We faced the rear of the hotel which backs to a parking lot area. The nights were pretty quiet except for the occasional fire or police siren.Conclusion- can't beat the price (About $83 per nite with taxes), staff (Oscar is the man!) the in-hotel restaurant (Fino, Fino, Fino)and the location (a hop, skip and a jump to Union Square and Chinatown and beyond)Will be back for sure! Will be adding photos soon!	
Jan 3 2006	Very friendly staff!!	Before we decided on booking a room at the Andrews I contacted the hotel a couple of times since I made bad experiences with other hotels. This place is soooo helpful and very friendly, they reponded right away and gave me all the info I needed.The room we had was rather small but clean! It had been cleaned every day! The parking lot was right behind the hotel and very friendly staff there too!Breakfast was inclusive and served in the hallway so you could take it inside and eat in bed. It was very yummy and there has always been enough food except for the last few minutes of serving. The rates were great and the location too!A 5 minute walk to Union Square! Really a great choice!	
Jan 3 2006	Excellent hotel for the price!	We spent New Year's Eve at the Andrews Hotel to avoid going back to the Easy Bay late at night. The hotel was truly impressive for a budget accomodation. Our room was clean and comfortable. (We must have lucked out, as it wasn't small at all, as some others have had at this hotel.) The continental breakfast was a cut above the usual - the coffee was good, the pastries were fresh, and they had fresh fruit as well. The staff was warm and friendly.One caveat about the hotel - it is a bit loud in the morning - bring your earplugs!We will definitely stay there again.	
Dec 15 2005	Great place to stay	We stayed at the Andrews Hotel for 7 nights and thought it was great. It's a small Hotel and we had a small double room with shower but it was everything we needed. We were out all day anyway, we were only sleeping there after all. The shower was great, had quite a bit of space considering the size of the whole room. Our room was located right next to the lift though so at certain times in the morning, it got quite busy with people in and out of the lift but it wasn't a big hassle. Loved having brekkie in my PJ's in bed - fruit, bread rolls and muffins galore. Coffee was great and my boyfriend loved the fresh orange juice. Fino's was lovely, we always managed to get the same waiter and he was really good. In our 7 day stay we managed to eat there 3 times and he remembered what drinks we had had previosuly etc. Brilliant! The staff in the Hotel are all great, they arranged our Napa and Carmel Tours for us which are highly recommended if you have time during your stay. Hotel is in a great location, Union Square shopping just down the road to the left. If you turn right out of the Hotel though and walk for about 5/10 minutes it can be quite down and out and scruffy looking. We never felt threatened by anybody during our walks though, we always felt safe. Great Hotel, great location for Union Square, great staff and reasonably priced. We would stay there again.	
Nov 29 2005	Will stay again	I am a frequent visitor to San Francisco. When driving I have stayed at one of the motor inns in the Marina District but when without a car I have stayed at many of the boutique hotels near Union Square. I discovered this hotel while walking the area some time ago but this was my first experience staying there. Believe me when I say that this is the best of the boutique hotels in the Union Square area, particilarly at this price. We were only there for one night and I have to say it was a very positive experience. As others have said, the rooms are clean and nicely appointed. We stayed in a twin room, in the back, on the sixth floor. It was a little dark, but we heard no noise. We had a tub in our bathroom (which had a window.) There were two closets and although the room was small, we were not uncomfortable. We sat up at the bar and had some grest wine, appetizers and salads at Fino's. (Lovely female bartender the night we were there.) You can walk to most places in the city - we even walked to Coit Tower (and one of us is 62!) and public transportation is easily available. I believe that pick up from both SF and Oakland Airports can be arranged through the hotel. Our only negatives were that my daughter needed to pay for her DSL connection and that the radiator in our room was VERY noisy. We eventually just turned it off. The hotel was happy to help us with printing out our boarding passes (Southwest) for our flights. I will definitely be a repeat visitor to this hotel and to Fino's.	
Oct 28 2005	Great value and would stay here again.	I recently spent two nights at Andrews Hotel with a friend. I'm used to chain hotels and thought this was a refreshing change. Yes, our room was tiny, but we spent little to no time in the actual room while we were in San Fran. The hotel is in a great location, within walking distance from Union Square, Chinatown, cable car and lots of other tourist type things/places (we even walked back to the hotel from Fisherman's Wharf). We had a standard room with a queen bed and managed to squeeze in a roll-out bed (packed it up during the day for more room). Breakfast was plentiful each morning, even at 8:30 a.m. The room was clean and we were supplied with fresh towels and toiletries each day. Valet parking is one of the cheapest around, $25 for 24 hours (unlimited in and out). Just make sure that you let them know 20-30 minutes in advance when you want the car. If you do not have a car, they told me at the front desk that you can arrange transportation to or from the airport for $12, somthing I will take advantage of next time. Not once did we move the car while we were in San Fran.I highly recommend Fino, the Italian restaurant off of the lobby. The first night we lounged in the lobby with drinks from Fino's bar and the second night we managed to have dinner there. Over the past year, I have eaten at Fino's twice and have never been disappointed. The prices are reasonable and the service is exceptional. They keep busy so reservations are recommend. Also, the bartender is great at making drinks and good conversation (he needs a raise!).	
Oct 24 2005	Great Little Hotel	Stayed here for 4 nights in October at the beginning of a fortnight in California. This is not a typical US style hotel, infact it's very European (Paris Left Bank) in size and facilities. Rooms are on the small side and although there is not much noise from the hotel itself, it's central location does mean that you get the occasional siren, garbage truck etc. On the plus side the rooms are clean, the hotel is central (5 mins walk from Union Sq &amp; cable cars, bus stops outside and numerous restaurants within 10 mins, Chinatown 10 mins). Costs $40 for a taxi from the airport (20 - 30 mins). Breakfast is a substancial buffet served on each floor and in the evening you can get a complimentary wine in the bar or reception area. All in all - excellent value. Attached Italian restaurant is exceptional value with great food &amp; service. Staff are very friendly and will assist with any queries etc. Would certainly stay here again.We bought a 3 day travel card $18. Gets you on all the trams, busses, Underground (BART) &amp; cable cars. Great value for getting around as although San Francisco is small by American standards, some attractionas are spread about and it's very hilly. By comparision a single fare on the cable cars is $5	
Oct 13 2005 	Nice Historic property Great Value	I stayed at the property Sept 27-30, 2005. As a business traveller I was a bit concerned. The location was about 3 blocks from Union Square, and a 15 minute walk to Moscone Convention Center (I just did the 3 minute walk to the Westin and took the free convention bus to Moscone CC). Pluses: cheap dry cleaner next door (with next day service), wireless internet service ($10/day, some people can pick it up for free, but I couldn't), within 3 blocks of Union Square, in theatre district, on bus route, great &quot;european&quot; breakfast every morning (plus coffee, tea available all day), free glass of wine every evening, room was quiet (didn't hear neighbours, but traffic was horrendeous, so bring earplugs). Negs: tiny room, very small desk, 12&quot; tv, tiny bathrooom, internet not free, loud street noise (had no a/c, so you have to keep the window open). Overall for the price.. Great Deal (better than paying 2x-3x the price at the Westin or Sheraton down the street (especially if you are only going to use your room to sleep in, plus you get a free breakfast).	
Oct 4 2005	centrally located hotel!	we stayed at the Andrews Hotel in September 2005 and had a nice stay. Since we paid only 370 euro for 4 nights, I was a little curious what the hotel would be like, but it turned out to be just fine. Room was a little crampy and if you are over 6 ft tall the shower is a bit on the short side, but the pastries for breakfast were fresh and an absolut delight combined with the lovely coffee and tea. The hotel is near Union Square and a 10 minute walk from Powell BART station and near the cable car turn. The perfect hotel if sleeping is the most important thing to do at your hotel!!	
Aug 20 2005	A room with a depressing view!	We stayed at the Andrews for 3 nights during July in a 'cosy double' - little did we realise that 'cosy double' is a euphemism for 'tiny depressing room with no windows'! Well, in fairness, the room did have two windows, both of which looked out into the interior ventilation shaft of the building, up which we got an unpleasant whiff of cigarette smoke periodically throughout the day, despite being 6 floors up!! The room was very old fashioned with a small uncomfortable bed, the middle of which we both rolled into and met on a nightly basis! We also found it extremely noisy with very thin walls and doors - we could hear our neighbour brushing his teeth each night - ear plugs we found were a must.The breakfast was no more than fruit and croissants and I found it a little disturbing meeting the lady next door in her nightie every morning getting her share! The bar was okay, a nice touch offering a glass of complimentary wine each evening. However, one evening we retired to the hotel for a drink in the bar at around 10pm only to be told that it was shut and even as residents we could not get a drink!!On the plus side, the location of the Andrews is good and the laundry next door but one was faultless!	
Aug 15 2005	The Andrews is excellent	My wife and i stayed at the Andrews Hotel for four nights in August, and it was terrific - just as it was when we stayed there during our honeymoon six years ago.Yes, it's small, and yes, the bathrooms are cramped. But you know this going in.The staff is terrific, the complimentary sodas and bottled water in the micro-fridge was a great touch, and everyone likes a free glass of wine each night.Also, the bed was about as comfortable a bed as I've experienced. I'd recommend this hotel again and again.	
Aug 15 2005	We'll come back !	Andrews is a very nice hotel, well situated in Post Street so that you can visit a part of SF by walking (Downtown, Nob Hill, Chinatown, Fisherman's Wharf)Our room was very nice but small (but it was the first price). However we had 2 good and quiet nights.The staff is very friendly and will do his best to help you. A continental breakfast is served between 7 and 9 on each floor.Just a word about Fino, the italian restaurant in the hotel, which is really excellent (around 60$ for 2 with wine).We decided to come back in SF, as we really enjoy the city. We'll certainly return to Andrews, it's a great value.	
Jul 28 2005	Andrews Is a great value!	My Wife &amp; I stayed at the Andrews Hotel recently and there were great things and bad things. First the great: The staff is more than accommodating with plenty of helpful suggestions on things to do in the city, restaurants to dine, picturesque walks to take, etc. Oscar is great and was very helpful. He gave us a recommendation fort the best Chinese food my wife and I have ever had. The Hotel is also in an ideal location, very close to Chinatown, Union Square, Nob Hill, and public transportation which can get you to almost any section of the city with 5-10 minutes. FINO is also a superb restaurant located right in the Hotel!Now the bad: According to the welcome guide and the staff Continental Breakfast is served from 7:00am to 9:30am. And it also says that if anything runs out to call the front desk and they will replenish it. We tried to get breakfast at 8:00am and all that was left was coffee. We called to have more sent up and they told us that there was none left to go to the other floors and see if there was anything, there was not, so if you plan to stay here and want the breakfast, set your alarm for 6:55 so you don’t miss out. The bathroom is very small, with a stall shower. I think the rooms in the front have larger ones. I can see how people can find the rooms noisy, but coming from NYC It was not an issue. All in all it was a pleasant Stay. The room was clean and affordable with a friendly staff! I would stay here again, but I would get a front room if I do.	
Jul 27 2005	Andrews in SFO Always our first choice	We always stay at the Andrews when in San Francisco. Why? Location in the theatre district is also within walking distance of Union Square, Bart, Cable Cars, a variety of ethnic restaurants, China town, Grace Cathedral. In addition, the Andrews houses FINO, a superb Italian restaurant with great food in abundance at good prices, fine wines and best bread we've ever had in a restaurant. We love the wait staff and even more the complimentary glass of wine each evening. Breakfast is generous and included in the room price. The rooms are small, but quaintly furnished and with the usual amenities of expensive hotels. Adjacent to the hotel is a one-day laundry, grocery stores, sandwich shops, etc. I might also mention the complimentary Ghiradella chocolate bar placed in the room.	
Jul 23 2005	Value +	The guides and user comments are pretty accurate for this one. Rooms are a great value. They are on the small side but we didn't go to SF to sit in our room. Going for the petit suite gave us a bit more room. Great service especially from the assistant manager ... Oscar. Friendly and helpful. Be ready though, street facing rooms are loud. Single pane windows do very little to block street noises which ranges from annoying to absolutely hilarious.	
Jun 16 2005	Great Value at the Andrews	We stayed at the Andrew for 4 nights 06/04/05- 06/08/05. We stayed in room #603. We were pleased with our room and found the hotel staff to be quite helpful. Our room was a corner king and although it was much smaller than most hotel rooms we have stayed in we found it to have lots of little extras. The bed had a warm down comforter. The room had a mini fridge stocked with complimentary sodas and bottled water. The bath products were Neutrogena and Bath &amp; Body works. The continental breakfast was very good and the fresh squeezed orange juice was a nice surprise. The Andrews was located within walking distance of Union Square, China Town, cable cars, and a bart station. We booked directly through the hotel and got a great rate. Our bill for 4 nights including taxes only came to $460.00. The only negative things I can say about the hotel is that the bathroom is extremely small and the city noise can be hard to sleep through especially the early morning garbage truck.	
Jun 7 2005	We were well cared for	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Andrews May 14-17 and highly recommend it to anyone looking for a good value hotel with an ideal location.From the airport, we found the hotel without any issue, even with it being our very first time in San Francisco: We rode the red AirTrain line (SF's airport shuttle) to the BART station (SF's subway system). From there, we rode the Richmond or Pittsburgh-Baypoint bound BART train (about a 15 min ride) to the Powell St. stop and got off. The hotel was just a few blocks away.In addition to being close to BART stations, the hotel is ideally located in SF's theatre district. We were able to walk to all of the places we wanted to see: Chinatown (2 blocks), Nob Hill (about 4 blocks), Fisherman's Wharf(~1 mi), Ghiradelli Square (~.5 mi), museums (~7 blocks). Shopping is just the next block over. The only site that was a trouble to get to was the Golden Gate, which is a good 2 to 2.5 miles away. If you are not at all of fan of walking, take the cable cars. The hotel is right next to the line.The Andrews itself turned out to be everything we had read about in the reviews. We got the best deal on our Corner King room through its website (-------). The room was extremely clean and offered a spacious closet, tv, bathroom with a stall shower (if you want a bath with tub, ask for a Comfy queen room instead), ceiling fan and two large windows for sunlight and a breeze. There was noise in the evenings from the street below (particularly from the parking lot in the back), but that is expected of a city, and the noise was tolerable. I can only recall hearing one firetruck at night during our three-day stay - I didn't feel that they were a grave problem, though perhaps we may have lucked out. The area around the hotel is quite safe and we felt quite comfortable walking out at night. Both the front-desk staff and cleaning staff were extremely friendly and helpful, giving us tips on getting around the city and even fixing our swipe key when it refused to unlock our room door. The morning continental breakfast was substantial and lovely as was the tea/coffee reception in the lobby. In the afternoons, they left out fresh fruit in the hallways. And we did give the FINO restaurant a try - we were thoroughly impressed by its dishes.Overall, I would highly recommend the Andrews Hotel. I loved most the special attention we received, the courteous staff, the hotel's initimate atmosphere, and its history (we got a kick out of the elevator). We were most definitely well cared for and will be back again.	
Jun 1 2005	Well worth 99$ plus tax	Was there 2 weeks ago. I must agree with all the &quot;positive&quot; comments in this forum regarding breakfast, staff, fino restaurant, etc. The only negative point would be the window of room 609 (where we stayed for a couple of nights) it was slightly broken...very thin windows, outdoor noises get through easily. I had to put the extra pillows (on the window) as a camouflage to cut the noise! I reserved directly via email, cheapest way. Fair deal.	
May 30 2005	Nice place	The staff were very friendly and the hotel was ideally located. The rooms are small, but all rooms are small in the city! The rooms were clean and well maintained and had tv etc in them. There is a complimentary continental breakfast which was lovely. The hotel staff were incredibly helpful too.	
May 16 2005	Great little hotel	Really enjoyed our 3 night stay in our 'cosy double' room which was spacious enough and quiet being at the back of the hotel.The staff (especially Oscar) were very friendly and helpful. Free hot drinks in Reception was a nice touch as was the fantastic breakfast served outside our room.The location was very convenient, being only a few blocks from Union Square.Would stay again and definately recommend for great value, high standard and location.	
May 16 2005	Andrews Hotel Post Street San Francisco	I've just returned home from San Francisco and stayed at the Andrews. We had room 705 on the top floor. The room was perfect for a couple, with a comfortable double bed, a tv and video (you can get videos to watch for free from the lobby), a sink, and a nice large fan on the ceiling. At the end there is a small room containing a toilet and a shower. The place was very clean. There were a couple of windows that were single glazed. The only bad point was that the windows didn't cut out a lot of outside noise and the main thing that we could hear were the fans blowing on the roof. Also you can hear a fire engine going at least once an hour, and those things make so much noise! They sound like something you'd hear during the war. The lift has a lot of character. There's also tea and coffee making facilities in the lobby 24 hours a day. Breakfast is laid out every morning in the corridor, but you need to be quick to get the good stuff! The staff at reception are so nice. Oscar is quite a character, and John the guy with the ponytail is absolutely drop dead gorgeous! The hotel is in a good location. I would recommend it. I've included a photo which is the view we had from our hotel window.	
Apr 29 2005	Quirky charm and very good value	We booked a regular room but had a corner room with a separate bedroom and sitting area so had plenty of space. The room was very comfortable and the window which opened in the bathroom was great on a sunny day. Location was great and the noise level from the street was tolerable. Breakfast was delicious and conveniently located just in the hall outside the room. Staff was especially helpful and friendly. Little quirks like the unsual to operate elevator added to the charm and the value was great.	
Apr 25 2005	Good inexpensive hotel in great location.	The Andrews hotel is a nice, friendly and relatively inexpensive hotel. It is in a good location, just a few blocks from Union Square for the shops and from the cable car &amp; other public transportation, so it makes a good base for getting around the city. It is a fairly old building with many original features (including it’s original lift) and squeaky floorboards etc, all of which add to the charm and character of the hotel.We stayed here for 3 nights and booked a petite suite. The suite had a separate bedroom and small sitting area, two televisions, a VCR and mini fridge with complementary sodas and bottled water. The room was clean and housekeeping did a good job of keeping it tidy.The availability of coffee in the lobby 24 hours a day is a nice touch, especially for jet-lagged visitors that are wide awake and raring to go at 5am, but I would still have preferred coffee making facilities in-room. Equally the continental breakfast buffet served outside the room is another nice touch. Our friends who were staying one floor below us did experience a minor hitch with that, as they were not told that they had to go up one floor to get breakfast so thought that there was none. I can only assume this was because there were not many guests on their floor. The following day it was available, so it seemed to be a bit hit and miss. Overall I found the staff to be very friendly and helpful, and had a very pleasant stay. If looking for a central hotel at a reasonable price I would recommend staying there.	
Mar 25 2005 	A Thoroughly Charming Hotel	My experience at the Andrews Hotel (March 16-20, 2005) completely matches the positive comments below. The king room I had was such a nice change from the usual cookie-cutter hotel rooms; staying there felt more like staying in someone's elegant guest room. Pastel colors and floral motifs dominated, from the beautiful bed comforter to the full-length curtains, and the bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in. The continental breakfast laid out in the hall each morning was more than ample for me (coffee, tea, juice, and a basket of baked goods), and the complimentary glass of wine each evening was a bonus. I don't understand the complaint below about the location: the Andrews is only two blocks from the St. Francis (the grande dame of SF hotels) and is literally just around the corner from the downtown theater and gallery district. From the airport, you can take Bart to Powell Street; from there it's a (slightly uphill) ten-minute walk past Union Square to the Andrews, or a three-minute cab ride. One note: The bathroom in my room was fine for me but was exactly the same size as the closet--about three feet wide--and would not have accommodated a large person. Other rooms, though, are laid out differently; ask about this when you make your reservation, and I'm sure the friendly hotel staff will be happy to help you select an appropriate room configuration.	
Mar 22 2005	so-so hotel	The hotel (built in 1905) has its charm and it is decorated accordingly. However, the location is somewhat suspect. Out first night we heard several people shouting or arguing all night on the street below. The hotel is also one street over from a fire station! Yes, sirens go off about every hour or so. However, the worst of it for me was the smell. As soon as you walk into the lobby you pick up the mold odor. We had two rooms - one was not so bad but the other room was very moldy. If you are not sensitive to mold, then this might not be a problem.All things being considered, we reserved rooms for three nights but stayed just one and re-checked into a hotel in the financial district which was much quieter.	
Mar 17 2005	Still love the Andrews	I have stayed at the Andrews from time to time since the late 1980s and continue to be charmed by the place. Granted you have to like European style hotels and the rooms are small, but the staff is pleasant and helpful. In addition the breakfast delivered to the floor every morning and the glass of wine every evening in Fino are wonderful extras and the price is right. We ate at the bar in Fino's twice -- great Caesar salads. We'll be back.	
Feb 14 2005 	A cute and comfortable place to stay	This really is a cute place. Granted, the rooms are small, and the bathrooms are tiny, but it is clean and very friendly. The desk clerks were all very helpful, including a smile and a nod the second time I came in through the front door. They recognized me already. This place reminds me of a small European hotel, really unlike what you would find most places in the US. The location is fine, and the price is good. You might do a bit better pricewise in the neighborhood, but I have no idea what the places would be like. I'll come back here again. 	
Feb 7 2005	Worth the Money	We stayed here in November 04. Overall it's a nice place with a good location in safe area-about 4 blocks to Union Square. We stayed in a suite with a king bed so the room was plenty adequate in size. It was little noisy and expect to hear a lot of fire trucks. It's not new or fancy but it's homey, comfortable and little unique. They have a bathroom and a radiator in the bedroom. The free wine, tea, and breakfast was good. Oscar the concierge was very knowledgeable and helpful. All in all I would recommend the Andrews for the combination of price, location, and amenities.	
Jan 3 2005	Great time at the Andrews	Really had a great time at the Andrews in September- room nice for the price and we enjoyed the video collection available for free at the front desk (highly suggest watching Escape from Alcatrez after a visit to the island). Location was excellent, very easy to get to the subway and cablecars. The only negative was our decision to eat in the hotel restaraunt our last night- the free wine was good and we really like all the bar staff but skip dnner! It was very blah italian and the service was not good. In a city with such great choices for dinner it was a waste (try the Globe instead, it was amazing).	
Dec 12 2004	Accommodating Andrews	The small but friendly hotel is Very Helpful and tries to accommodate its guests in every way possible. Continental breakfast is above average. On-site restaurant Fino is excellent. Located near Union Square. Recommend a front room with a little more space. The usual city noise was not a factor. Family &amp; friends recommendation was well borne out.	
Nov 10 2004	twenty years of good experience	My wife and I have been staying at the Andrews since our first trip to SFO in 1983, and I stay there by myself when I am in town for work. We have probably tried every variety of room there by now. We have never had a bad experience, and are planning yet another stay over the winter holidays this year.	
Nov 9 2004	helpful staff decent breakfast free fruit shabby chic room	We stayed at the Andrews Hotel in Oct 2004. It was about 4 blocks from Union Square, it's about a 5-10 minute walk, minimal incline. We took the Bart from the airport and got off at Powell Stn. From there, you can walk up to Post St. and make a left on Post. It's just past Taylor. Concierge was very accommodating. Staff was friendly and helpful. Bless 'em The room was quaint, clean, decent size, had down comforter - perfect for cool nights. they didn't have a/c which was fine b/c weather was nice. We left window open. There is a ceiling fan. Tip: ask for room in the back and the higher the better. less noise. Sink was small but that's ok, bathroom was clean, plus can't beat complimentary Neutrogena bath products. Breakfast was outside in the hallway, on a buffet table. you can't hear the noise though from inside the room just can't be late b/c you'll get the leftovers. they have pastries, muffins, toast, jam, coffee, tea, fresh fruit. served until 10:30am.they do leave a basket of apples outside during the day. this helped a lot especially when we were too busy checking out sights, walking around San Fran, biked to Sausalito. and oh, you get a complimentary glass of wine during happy hour, downstairs, in the Italian restaurant. the bartender (young, dark hair) had an attitude - (hey dude, don't judge a book by its cover. we can be one of the wealthiest people you encounter but we don't flaunt it, no tip for you!) Notwithstanding, we'll definitely stay here again!	
Oct 13 2004	Where you want to be.	It's definately where you want to be. Located next to Union Square and a block or two from some very expensive hotels. If you stay at the luxury ones on Nob Hill, you really have to take a cab or a stress test each time you come or go. Get a superior room, as the rooms are quite small. The place is well maintained and very clean, even if a little &quot;thread bare.&quot; Great free continental breakfast and wine hour. The staff is very attentive and friendly- a real find!	
Oct 13 2004	Amazing value	I stayed at the Andrews in July 2004. I was really impressed by the personal style, the location and the breakfast. I had read that you needed to be quick with the breakfast but that was not our experience. There was a wide variety and more than enough available.The rooms were a little small for 2 people however, for the price and location, you could really not ask for more. Only minor suggestion - bedside tables. The hotel staff were really friendly and made you feel like they were welcoming back an old friend. Would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone and will certainly be back.	
Oct 11 2004	Even Smaller Than That!	The reviews here are accurate, but the room and bathroom we had were even smaller than expected. Front desk people, especially Oscar, are very helpful. As long as you know what to expect, this hotel is a good choice.	
Oct 6 2004	lived up to expectations	We just spent a great weekend in SF and would like to add our recommendation of the Andrews to the many that we read before booking.This was a weekend with no kids getaway and my wife's first time in San Francisco. The Andrews website presents a very accurate description of the hotel, there were no bad surprises. We asked for and got a quiet room at the back and although the rooms and bathrooms are small they are just perfect for the amount of time we planned on spending. We bought the three day MUNI pass and were just a few blocks walk to the Cable Car or the MUNI train, or the trolley cars. The breakfast is basic but good muffins and very good strong coffee. We would highly recommend this hotel to anybody who is normally a B+B type or who just likes old quaint places to stay. Thanks	
Sep 17 2004	Andrews was great	The Andrews Hotel was great. The breakfast was above average for a continental breakfast, and the wine at Fino each night was a great place to unwind and plan where to go to dinner. We picked this hotel from the user reviews, and were pleased with it, for the price. The location is in a convenient area, we felt safe walking around, and the front desk provides itineraries based on your preferences. We really enjoyed the insider's tips for &quot;Tip Top Views,&quot; and &quot;Our Favorites: Good Food and Cheap Fun.&quot; The bathroom and rooms were small but clean. We'll stay again.	
Sep 7 2004	The Andrews is Great!	Just wanted to share our experience as we rely on those we read here when looking for hotels. We spent 4 nights at the Andrews. It was a perfect choice for us and it certainly met our expectations. As other reviews indicate the standard rooms are small and the bathrooms smaller. Besides after spending all day exploring the city, you are ready to collapse and let me tell you, you we did so in the most comfortable bed we have ever slept in! The Andrews was very quaint and reminds us of a European hotel. The staff was very helpful and friendly. Finos was outstanding. We ate there 3 of the 4 nights it was so good. We are planning our next trip to San Francisco and we will be staying at the Andrews again.	
Aug 18 2004	A Delight!	This is exactly what everyone says - a lovely, clean and exceptionally friendly hotel. Ideally situated for all tourist venues,and quiet at night. Yes, the rooms are small, but so's the price, and they are clean and well maintained. We will definitely return! Fino is a good restaurant, too!	
Jun 1 2004	Customer Service - the best!	We just got back from San Fran and the Andrews hotel was just the best. The service was excellent - Oscar the consierge was amazing - he knew so much and his recommendations for restaurants were right on. Dan, the bartender at the hotel's restaurant was friendly, plus the house wine you get as a guest of the hotel was very good - the Pinot grigio was yum and do get the calamari. The rooms were small but cozy and little things make a differerence like a small bud vase of flowers - it was such a pleasant surprise. Breakfast was great - each floor has their own breakfast set up - so easy which consisted of fresh fruit, pastries, coffee and fresh juice.The hotel is in walking distance to the trollies and buses so a car is not needed, but if you do drive in get tready for a 28.00 a day parking fee - you do get to go in and out though. We rented a car in oakland because we were traveling up to Napa - next time we'll rent in the city.We would definatly stay here again - what made this place stand out was CUSTOMER SERVICE - we have traveled all over the worls and have never had the attention nor the personal care as we did here at the Andrews.Enjoy	
May 8 2004	An excellent budget hotel of rare character.	I just came back from San Francisco and feel compelled to write a review of this wonderful hotel. Taking price into the equation, this is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. Just a few points here: 1) The location is fantastic. 2) The rooms are both characterful - something very rare in hotels in this price range these days - and well provisioned. 3) The staff know the city backwards, are very professional, and even at busy times, were always ready to help. 4) Breakfast is included - again something that is rare in American hotels in this price range - and a basket of fruit is available on each floor throughout the day. What a great place! 	
Apr 6 2004	A delightful stay	The Andrews Hotel was a delightful find. Our room (two twin beds) was charming, small, but more than adequate with a small sitting area and interesting view looking north toward Nob Hill. The bathroom was clean and convenient, not renovated but fully serviceable and quaint. Breakfast was sumptious, with real dairy for the coffee, fresh fruit and pastries and real butter. The staff, especially Oscar, were helpful, friendly and very knowledgeable about transportation and locations. We had a car (+$25 for parking in a 24-hour attended lot), and Oscar and staff were able to give us easy, accurate driving instructions. The charm of the hotel, the grace of the staff, and the superb location near theatres, cable car, and Muni bus across the street make this MY hotel in San Francisco. I can't wait for my next stay.	
Apr 5 2004	Everything everyone has said is true.	I spent 2 weeks there while taking a class.Everything everyone has said in the other reviews is true. It's a pleasant little hotel. The location is close to everything. The staff is nice. The morning buffet was very good and on each floor. The rooms are small but are comfortable.I prefer to be out and about in SF, so the room was fine.The other guests seem to like the place too.The price is a great deal for what you get.It's not a Holiday Inn, so if you have kids and need a pool for them, this is not your hotel.If you're a couple of grownups it's a hotel for you.	
Mar 8 2004	Great Little Palce To Stay		
Jan 24 2004	Some Andrews Notes		
Jan 6 2004	A great little hotel for a great price!		
Jan 4 2004	Will come back here!		
Nov 26 2003	Small room at small price in Union Square area		
Nov 26 2003	Great Hotel		
Nov 20 2003	Solid		
Nov 4 2003	Comfortable and great location		
Sep 13 2003	Great location Good value Cozy co-ordinated rooms		
Apr 15 2003	Nice staff		
Aug 27 2008 	trés bon hotel pour un petit sejour		
Feb 19 2008 	hotel tres tres agreable		
