	A great place to stay in Vegas if you like the soft pillow-top mattresses	Mandalay Bay is a beautiful property and extremely well-maintained. It is clean, the &quot;standard&quot; rooms are large and well appointed and we found the employees friendly and the service excellent.For us there was one drawback but for those who like the European-style soft pillow top mattresses and bedding, you'll be very happy with the beds. We prefer a firm old-style hotel mattress with more back support. They have none and the bed boards they can provide are thin and do not help.Let me just provide some thoughts on several subjects:We ate at Fleur de Lys, Aureole, Rick Moonen's RM Seafood and the Border Grill, along with one brunch in the buffet and one lunch in the buffet. The first 3 restaurants have outstanding well known chefs behind them. In the case of Rick Moonen, he lives in Vegas and is on-site often. We thought Fleur de Lys was absolutely outstanding and would rate Rick Moonen's #2 out of the first 3 high-end gourmet restaurants. They are expensive but worth it. The Border Grill is an excellent Mexican restaurant where you can actually get some healthy Mexican items. Try the turkey Tostada, for instance, which is delicious and very healthy if you don't eat the shell. The portions are big and we gound both things we got were excellent.We did not think the buffet was that great, especially when you consider the price is much higher than say the Mirage or Treasure Island. We found many of the items on the buffet prepared in such a manner that they deteriorated fairly quickly when sitting out on a buffet. Some of the items, like the flank steak for instance, were just not top quality. I'd try somewhere else.If you want to save on one meal during the day a good alternative is a food court that is located on a walkway between Mandalay Bay and the Luxor and Excalibar Casinos. They have several franchise operations in there including Quiznos Subs and they are normal franchise prices. Just go to the back of the Casino and upstairs to Mandalay Place and you'll find the walkway there. Many comment on the location of Mandalay Bay but we did not find that a negative. It seems much quieter on weekends (althought it is obviously busy) and is not the &quot;zoo&quot; like I'd consider the Mirage, for instance. There is also a free tram between Mandalay Bay and Luxor, Excalibar and MGM and it just runs back and forth so you don't have to wait too long for one. Once you get off at the MGM you are near the center of the strip and you have less than a mile walk to the Mirage which you would consider close to the end of the main strip hotels. The only significant negative for us to Vegas is the fact they are way behind the curve in terms of smoking regulations. They still permit smoking in casinos and sportsbooks. During the week when it's not too busy it is not bad but on weekends when the casinos are particularly busy there is a smell of smoke everywhere you go. You can't escape it and you can't sit down at a game in the casino or in the sportsbook without the probability of a smoker sitting down near you and making it worse. There are no &quot;no smoking&quot; areas in the casino and that is a big drawback for us...in fact, it is such a drawback we may not return until Vegas finally leaps into the 20th century and bans smoking in the casinos.	
	Second home	Everything was great but I had alot of trouble with the Business Center at the hotell	
	Nice Hotel shame about the unfriendly and unhelpful staff.	The rooms are nice and the beds comfortable. The room service staff and bellboys friendly and professional.As we came to Las Vegas to get married, at least five messages were sent to the hotel for us, of which we recieved none, Reception told us ,its not our job to pass on messages'. They also treated my best friend with the same indifference when she tried to order and pay for a bottle of Champayne to go to our room.On the day of the wedding, I went to the Spa to have my makeup done, only to be told, 'we dont do bridal make-up at the hotel'. Faced with having to do my own make-up on my 'most important day of my life', I went to the Hair Salon to get my hair done anyway. While there they offered me their Birdal Make-up service. Surely the Spa staff knew that the Salon does this so why not tell me? The Salon staff were very friendly, helpful and professional.On check-out we asked for the use of a day room, only to be told they did not do that and we were expected to pay another $30 each for the use of the Spa for the day, with receptionist telling us 'No hotel she stays at has a day room'. This is the first hotel I have ever stayed at that does not offer you use of a day room.	
	Enjoyed our first time at Mandalay Bay	Stayed at Mandalay Bay for 3 nights. We normally stay at less expensive casinos but they were having a buy 2 nights get 1 free special that made it within our budget. We reserved the least expensive room on lower floor but received a room on the 30th floor with a strip view! We ate at the Runjungle for the Rodizio all you can eat Brazilian barbecue. We really liked it and would eat there again. Also ate at The House of Blues for breakfast. If you go back the next day you get 2 for 1. The rooms are nice with ipod alarm clocks and big TV's. The bathrooms are big with a TV you can watch while in the tub and double sinks. Wide variety of slots and $10 min craps tables with 6 or more tables going at once at times. We would stay there again!	
	Why It's Not 5/5	We stayed at Mandalay Bay for four nights in mid-November, celebrating our birthdays. Overall, we liked the hotel and would probably stay there again. Check in was fast and easy; it was a Monday, so there were no weekend crowds. Check-out was also easy, but there were longer lines because it was a Friday, and because of the UFC championship event taking place the following day. Express check-out is available in the roon on the TV, but you must use a credit card. We used a credit card at check-in, but actually paid cash via a debit card at check-out, so we had to use the desk. Service was friendly and informative. Bell service was also fast, friendly and very helpful. The bellman called housekeeping for us to take care of:1. More pillows2. Mildew in the shower stall (should have been taken care of by regular maintenance)3. Door to toilet stall had to be rehinged.These items were accomplished quickly.The room was large, as was the bathroom. Overall, it was clean and kept that way. The reading lights over the beds didn't work and the engineer couldn't fix them. There were no instructions or price list with the mini-bar (although we asked for one), so be very careful. It's expensive, as mini-bars always are. BUT: it's got sensors, so if you pick something up or take something out of the fridge, it will be charged to your room within 30 seconds.Food at the hotel is terrific! We ate at Lupo, StripSteak, Raffles, China Grill &amp; had room service, and all were excellent. Mix: this premier restaurant is located at the top of THEHotel and is extremely pricey. the only bad experience we had was here. We had a drink to check out the view. As soon as we saw the host stand and as we walked through the restaurant to the bar, there were at least six men in dark suits who had nothing to do with food prep or service. They eyed us suspiciously. Seems they were bouncers. Music in the bar was blasting (and could be heard in the dining room). We ordered two drinks, then went out onto the terrace to check out the much-ballyhooed view. When we came back to the bar, half my drink was gone. The stem of the glass was sticky. Next to my glass was $3 cash - not ours, we charged the drinks to our room. Obviously, someone had drunk from my glass. The bartender was skeptical, but once he felt the sticky glass and saw the money, he made me a fresh drink. I'm glad I pressed the point; the cabbie taking us to the airport told us there's a serious problem of &quot;date rape&quot; drugs in drinks, so make sure you keep yours in your hand at all times.The casino was clean, plenty of machines &amp; tables, good drink service.Grounds are lush and lovely. The beach is amazing.We saw The Lion King and it was wonderful. The ticket agent was very helpful; I have knee problems and she suggested the ADA seats, which were perfect.Overall, a good experience, and I recommend this hotel and would stay there again. It's at the end of the strip though. If you're looking to be in the thick of things, it's not.	
	Great Hotel	I stayed here with my family for 8 days while attending a conference. Absolutely loved it! The room amenities were great, fabulous view and the beds were so comfortable I hated to leave. Everyone was so friendly from the front desk staff to the maids and cleaners. I saw people cleaning at all hours of the day and night, even dusting the cornices on the pillars. Food was expensive but I found this to be the case everywhere in Las Vegas. Loved the free internet kiosk for confirming flights and printing boarding passes. Would return to this hotel again. Very quiet - only heard noise from adjoining room once and it wasn't that bad.	
	Beware hotel commits fraud	I stayed at the Mandalay Bay (I stay in more than 20 hotels for over 3 months every year) in August and when I went to check out the hotel had applied the total mini bar to my account (hundreds of dollars). I had not used the mini bar at all and called the front desk that took 40 mins to answer. They apologized and said I could check out on the TV system and the mini bar bill would be removed (straight out lie) no more action was required on my part. I then went to Canada and a cruise to Alaska on my return I checked my Mastercard and surprise the total bill including the mini bar was on it, I immediately contacted Mandalay Bay who again apologized and said a credit had already been processed and would on my account in no more than 14 days (straight out lie) . I rechecked once I was back in Australia and the mini bar bill was still on the credit card so I contacted the bank and submitted a contest. The bank contacted Mandalay bay simply sent the hotel bill I had never signed or agreed to saying these where the charges (dishonest to say the least). I will start a fraud investigation through Mastercard but its such a waste of time. As I said I stay in many hotels every year and have never had an issue and Mandalay Bay are either incompetent or straight out Fraudsters. I would never allow anyone I knew to stay at such a dishonest establishment.	
	ABSOLUTLEY FABULOUS HOTEL. TOP CLASS.	This hotel is the epitome of class. The rooms have to be seen to be believed, the service is outstanding and the food is unreal. stayed here for 3 days during my trip and was so impressed I cancelled a trip to phoenix to go back 4 days later.Am returning in july 2010. cant wait.	
Nov 23 2009 	Fantastic place to stay but be warned if there's a conference on....	From what was an appalling start at check-in we actually finished up really liking this hotel and would absolutely recommend it. We have 2 children and without a doubt it's the best Vegas strip hotel for them - if you have them don't hesitate, stay here! BUT even without them I would still stay here - It's not overrun with children. (Vegas maybe isn't the best place for children but what an experience for them!)THE GOOD..... Rooms: Fantastic, clean, quiet (some of the best in Vegas $ for $)- Moved to strip-view next day following check-in nightmare- Strip view well worth it- Bathroom huge, beds comfortable- Beware snack tray - move it and you pay for it (only noticed charge when back home but accounts refunded charge no problem even though several days later, thanks!)Food: Great and all generally in same area- Bayside Buffet - large choice, high quality, good service, windows so could see outside (unusual for Vegas)- Raffles - great food and great friendly service- Red - no windows to the outside world but again food great, best servicePool: Great- Lazy river - hilarious! Take your own tubes to save $'s, they inflate for free at the tube rental kiosk- Wave pool - fun, could handle the odd rules about where you could and couldn't stand but watch the white 'putty' they use in pool base as it gets on your swim wear- Attendants (apart from lazy river kiosk) VERY unfriendly and unwelcoming, they need to smile- When to go - in the last 2 hours of the day, half emptyCasino: Good- Unusually for Vegas, easy to find way around- Minimal smoke- Comp drinks provided quickly and with a smileParking: Valet great and free- Phone ahead then your car will be ready when you get down and you get a bottle of water for free (nice touch in the heat)Location: Great- With children it was perfect- If you take a cab ask for the 'quick' way, i.e. NOT down the strip ($10 - $12 cab fare to Paris for example)- If you do have children using cabs is a good way to avoid the 'card flickers' on some parts of the stripElevators: mostly fine- If the conference has kicked out, forget it and use the service elevators! Otherwise, never an issueLost wallet: Hotel reaction very good- One of our party lost their wallet, another guest found it and handed it in - Traumatic experience but honesty of guest and hotel service outstanding. Thank you!THE BAD.....Check-in: Don't expect to get what you have booked- Despite confirming by phone twice the strip view room with 2 doubles we had booked was not available. The reason - Mandalay Bay subsequently took a conference booking so they gave all the doubles to the conference! - Check-in manager not bothered and couldn't care less, suggested one of the children could sleep on the floor or have 3 in a king bed! It was quite clear that if there's a conference you don't count. We were one of several with the same issue.	
Nov 20 2009 	A Sand Beach - In the city!!!!!	This resort knows how to treat valued guests. Not the least expensive hotel on the strip but perhaps that's what makes it so comfortable. We were looked after from the moment our cab arrived til the time we left and everyone was pleasant and polite.The staff is second to none. And one of the (many) pools has a real sand beach. What a great touch in the city of concrete. We will stay there again and would recommend it to anyone.	
Nov 20 2009 	Aware... Thieves in the House	I visit Mandalay Hotel at Las Vegas Nevada to see the &quot;Beauty and the Beast&quot; show. I parked my truck and got into the show it was good BUT when I left the show and come to my Truck, the screen and the stereo was stolen... the doors and windows were locked, so I spoked with the security guard and said that they can not do nothing about it, of course they have the tape and show me when my truck was open and stoled so with all that information they did not do a thing... If you want to be stolen Park at Mandalay Hotel, they are specialists!!!	
Nov 17 2009 	Not bad could have been better	The overall stay was good, pool is nice, spa is nice but we had to change rooms twice, the first room was dirty and in the second room the window seal was broken and there was a wistling noise. I was hoping to be upgraded for all our inconveinence but no such luck all they gave us was a food credit. Nice hotel I would stay there again could've been more accomodating for our troubles	
Nov 15 2009 	Can't beat the pool	Chose this hotel totally based on the wave pool and the lazy river. It was a great decision. The water was warm, the lazy river was relaxing. The only negative is you can't rent an inner tube, you have to buy them. The rooms were very nice and the tub was very deep so you could really relax and watch TV in it. Had a huge party going on down the hall from us and when I finally broke down and called about it security was upstairs in ten minutes. They nicely told them if they weren't registered in the room that they had to leave and about ten minutes later it was quiet. We enjoyed the Starbuck's in the hotel and then had buffet's for early lunch and a late dinner. While the food is great at Mandalay Bay's buffet it's not set up very well at the stations causing long lines to get food.	
Nov 15 2009 	Great Hotel	Stayed three nights for a Microsoft conference with my husband and daughter and we loved this hotel. Had a room on the 17th floor overlooking the strip, and the view was beautiful. This view was not available when we checked in (we didn't arrive until 8pm) so they put us in a room in the back (still a nice view, but not the strip) and gave us this room at 10am the next morning. Very accomodating for everything we asked about, and I would definitely stay here again. Great bathroom! The pool area was very nice, the gym/spa was excellent. 5PM was they only time I saw the elevators busy, but the line moved quickly. Loved the breakfast at the House of Blues (use the BOGO coupon in the LV book at the front desk) but I did not care for the RumJungle for dinner (we got that all-u-can-eat meat buffet). The location is away from the main part of the strip, so it takes about $15 cab ride or 45 minutes on the public bus to get down to the busy part of the strip, but the hotel is so nice, it's worth it.	
Nov 15 2009 	Enjoyed our Stay	Just returned from 5 nights at Mandalay Bay. Very beautiful and large resort. Used the pools facilities and enjoyed the tropical feel. For runners there is a ¼ mile loop around the pool facilities but it does get a bit boring doing loops. I enjoyed going for my morning runs up and down the strip instead for a change of scenery plus you get an extra workout running up and down the stairs to cross over some the streets. There are lots of runners out in the mornings on the strip.Room was lovely and large. We were on the 25th floor facing the strip. Could lie in bed and look out the window right down the strip. Beds were to die for! Pillow top with an extra feather bed (or polyfill) and the most incredible soft sheets. We found the rooms pretty quiet as the large bathroom separated the hallway from the sleeping area. No coffee maker in the room which I gather is typical of strip hotels. Large soaker tub with a separate shower that had a pebble floor and double sinks. TV in the bathroom was situated to allow you to watch TV while soaking in the tub. Bath towels were old and not very fluffy. Tip: Best deal was the two for one breakfast coupon that I found in one of the Vegas magazines for House of Blues. The little books (I believe called 24/7) are everywhere even in the back of taxis. Breakfasts were good and can’t beat the price of $20 for 2 breakfasts, two coffees and tip.	
Nov 15 2009 	Appalled at Housekeeping	Vegas isn't exactly a place for children, and I realize that, but my daughter loves The Lion King, so I decided to take her on this trip solely for the purpose of seeing the show since a NYC broadway trip was out of our budget. I heard the show at Mandalay was just as great, and proved to be right. The show was great although my seat was broken and reclined further than the rest of the seats in the row, so I had to sit on the edge of my chair for the first half of the show. I switched seats after intermission, and my daughter sat on my lap, and it was much more comfortable.As for the hotel, the Mandalay Bay is a beautiful resort! Wonderful pools (although a bit chilly during our visit due to the season). Buffet was decent although nothing to remember. The Wynn buffet is the best if you are seeking a worthwhile buffet.Now for the disappointment. It seems as though the hotel was understaffed or the staff just decided to cut corners. On our second day, I noticed after returning to our room in the early evening that it had not been cleaned, so I had to call housekeeping. We were leaving for dinner, and noticed that the room had been cleaned promptly upon our return. No problem. Then on the third day, I noticed after a day out at the premium outlets, that they had cleaned the room, or so I suspected since the beds were made. I didn't pay much attention. We went to the evening show of The Lion King, and returned to our room around 10 PM. As usual, I always place towels that I wish to have replaced on the bathroom floor in a pile to indicate to housekeeping that we need to have them replaced. As we were getting ready for bed and washing up, I pulled a towel which I thought was new since it was freshly rolled and placed in the shelf between the double vanities, and noticed that it had black mascara stain on it. I was appalled when I realized that this was the same towel I had used from yesterday! After I dried my face off with it from the night before, I noticed that it had mascara on it because I had not thoroughly removed my mascara. So I placed the hand towel along with our bath towels on the floor. I started to examine the other towels. I also recognized hot chocolate stain on one of the other towels that I used to clean up a spill that my daughter made. I examined the bedding. The night before my daughter spilled hot chocolate on the corner of the sheets. It was still there. It was obvious to me that housekeeping picked up the towels that I left on the floor and instead of replacing them, they folded them and rolled the handtowels and placed them back in the bathroom. Ugh! It made me wonder what else they had not actually cleaned.I immediately called the front desk and was transferred to speak to the manager. They promptly sent housekeeping up late in the evening to clean the room and replace the towels. The housekeeping staff sent to tend to the matter was sympathetic and apologetic. The manager assured me that they would investigate the matter. However, I never heard from any of the staff or the manager during the rest of my stay. Needless to say, I never expected to experience this type of problem from a resort with such merit and reputation. This was my first stay at the Mandalay, and I left sorely disappointed.	
Nov 14 2009 	In all fairness a nice hotel - Shame about the town.	Stayed here for six nights with a group of friends in October. The hotel has lovely rooms and no end of facilities. After you have seen the strip and lost your money; be it on the tables or any of the countless thousands of mind numbing slot machines, try a trip out to the Hoover Dam which is very interesting and then carry on to Willow Creek a few miles downriver of the dam, and hire a speed boat for the day. Fantastic stuff. Also if you get a chance do the helicopter trip from Vegas to the Grand Canyon, do it, it is absolutely terrific. Avoid the porn sellers on the street by taking the tour bus which is interesting, and it seemed to me the food in Las Vegas was not good, irresspective of how much you paid.	
Nov 13 2009 	ELEGANT	This was our first stay at Mandalay Bay. It was quite elegant and service was great. Didn't have any problems. Room was cleaned everyday. We would stay here again. Nice bars, but expensive.	
Nov 11 2009 	Great time but not perfect...	My friend and I stayed at the Mandalay Bay for just short of a week. Room was clean, decent sized, and had a great view. Plasma TV on the wall was cool too. Pulled out the laptop thinking I would catch up email before hitting the casino. Whoa....$15 for 24 hours? What kind of hotel these days doesn't offer free wifi? Especially one of this caliber? Anyway, the rest of the experience was good. Food was great, casino was clean except for the smoke. Some of the signs were confusing, but we eventually got everything figured out. Housekeeping could use some work. They did come in and make the bed and provide fresh towels, but left the empty soap box in the shower, not a big deal though.	
Nov 11 2009 	Always wanted to stay here. But once was enough	The Mandalay Bay has always been on my 'list' of hotels to try in Vegas.My friends and I got a great package deal and went this past May for a long weekend.The pool area is definitely worth the hype, but get out there early, and the weekends are just crazy. The lazy river is a blast. The 'overflow' pool off one of the parking lots is actually nice too for crowd reasons, but it's off the main drag.The location of the hotel makes you feel kindof isolated from the rest of the strip. We over went as far as Caesar's and that was only for one of the nights there. The rooms are decent, but I've stayed in other large Vegas hotels and the noise off the hallways is not that well filtered. Also, there need to be more elevators. We were on a higher floor, so not as impacted..but there would be times when we would stop at floors going down and people could not get on because the elevator was already packed.	
Nov 9 2009 	Sweet Suite!	Really nice resort. My aunt knew someone who worked there so we got &quot;upgraded&quot; to one of the suites. They have one of the best pool areas on the strip. The only thing I didn't really like was the location, not close enough to the rest of the sites.	
Nov 8 2009 	Love It!!	Acually my trip was in 1999 but apparently I'm so old, this will not date back that far! Anyhow, I loved Mandalay Bay- every inch of the property was beautiful and all of the employees were awesome! I definitely recommend this resort, especially if you're more on the luxury &quot;no kids&quot; type of vacation! We went on our one year wedding anniversarry and it was ultra romantic!	
Nov 7 2009 	The pool rocks!	While we are on our quest to stay in EVERY hotel in Vegas...OK, probably not 'every' one, but the noteworthy of all, Mandalay Bay ranks very, very high. Their pool is hands down the best you will find. The wave pool, lazy river, abundance of beach chairs -I HIGHLY disagree with a previous poster on this-the beverage service, real sand!, music, and general ambience. The pool area always had plenty of space. The rooms are very spacious, clean, and tastefully decorated. A slight complaint was our bed; which sagged into the middle; it didn't affect our sleep, or lack thereof from gambling the nights away, but it was a bit uncomfortable on one's back. We found the staff to be friendly and accomodating, from the valets, maids, check-in staff, etc. I called housekeeping twice - once for a phone book and another time for a corkscrew. They delivered the items very, very quickly. Bathrooms were very spacious with two sinks, separate spa tub, and walk-in shower. One wall is floor to ceiling windows providing a great view. I give the Mandalay Bay top marks for a very pleasant stay.	
Nov 6 2009 	Great Pool Good place to see a show Nice Casino	Rooms are nothing great. Much better next door at TheHotel. Pool is one of the best in Vegas though. I have also seen two great shows at the House of Blues located inside the Casino. The Casino is big and offers all to gamblers. Food is above average. Location on the strip is not the best. Seems like central strip has much more to offer. In terms of great Vegas nightlife you need to go elsewhere.	
Nov 6 2009 	Nice and clean but ...	I stayed at the hotel for the duration of IBM IOD conference.The rooms were spacius and clean, the customer service very polite.For the checkout I opted for express mode by I would not recommend it to anyone.The hotel sent me the receipt and I was surprised to see there a lot charges for the minibar, I did not expect.	
Nov 5 2009 	Excellent...Highly Recommend!	Great Customer Service! Beautiful Decor! Amenities are top-notch!	
Nov 3 2009 	Great Experience at Mandalay Bay	This was my first time to Vegas and same with my husband. We tried to do a lot of the attractions and were drop dead tired by the end. I always apoligize ahead of time for the length of my posts. I know I appreciate details, so I usually try to give them.  Arrival: We used a shuttle from the airport and were dropped off on the lower level (beach) of the hotel. It's a quick ride up the elevator or escalators to the main hallways where reception is.General Layout: The hotel can be a little confusing in it's layout, but after wandering in some of the other strip hotel complexes, this is not unique. They do provide you with a map and it was useful especially in the beginning. Check-In: This was a breeze! We arrived at the hotel mid-morning and checked right into our room without any hassle or problems. Room: We were in what I assume are the lowest level of rooms (550; Room 28-208) because we booked through Southwest Vacations, but our room was lovely! It is a decent size room with a king bed, couch/chair, table, nightstands, and dresser. Nice features in the room include an Ipod docking station/alarm clock and large flat screen TV. The bathroom is good sized with separate shower and bathtub. There are 2 sinks, nice bath products, and a small flat-screen TV. The toilet is in a separate room/closet and has a phone although we did not use it! They do have one of the mini-bars where if you move something, you'll get charged so just beware. We avoided it at all costs and had no problems. There are a lot of TV channels and looks like a number of pay-per-view options, but we weren't in the room much to use them. Very clean! Much nicer than I expected. Casino: Most of the strip casinos seem the same to me, as I'm not a big gambler. Lots of lights and noise. Didn't seem to smoky and I'm a non-smoker. Waitresses in the casino seemed to be on top of things, but not necessarily the friendliest. Pools: We only went to the beach/pools one day and spend most of our time in the lazy river. Very clean and relaxing. We did go early in the morning when they opened and had no problem getting a chair where we wanted, but did fill up relatively quickly as far as the better seats/locations. There are numerous pool areas, but the lazy river and wave pool seemed the most crowded. They do have tubes available for sale. Restaurants: There are numerous choices for restaurants, although we only ate breakfast at our hotel. We ate at Raffles two days. Their specialty items are yummy and large portions. Try the daily lemonades as they are delicious! The rest of the menu looked intriguing as well. The third day we ate at the coffee bar on the lower level. Wasn't too impressed there - no bagels and the danish were kind of stale. That was very overpriced for what you got. Check-Out: If you wait till the check-out time, like we did, you will have a wait. And then there was another fairly lengthy wait to have our bags held, as we did not fly out of Vegas until that evening. Just be prepared time-wise. Aquarium: We did visit the aquarium at Mandalay Bay. We are from Omaha where our zoo is one of the top in the nation, including our aquarium, so it was interesting, but perhaps not as intriguing to us as to other guests. And it too is pretty pricey. Free Monorail: There is a free monorail that runs from Mandalay Bay to Excaliber. This saves you a fair amount of walking and gets you to one of the major corners on the strip. Beware that it does close at midnight (until 6am?). Business Center: They do have a business center which is more like a closet with a couple of computers and printers in it. And of course you pay to use them. We had to in order to print out boarding passes. I think there's WiFi in the rooms for an extra charge, but don't quote me! Misc. Las Vegas Tips: Carry lots of one dollar bills with you so you can tip the waitresses who get you the free drinks. I know people who don't, but a $1 drink is still a lot cheaper than a $7 one in the bars. Wear comfortable shoes because you'll do a lot of walking. Save the cute ones for the shows only. We did two buffets - Bellagio (good, but I don't like seafood so a lot of the stuff was wasted on me) and Paris (I loved this one especially for the French inspired items like crepes, creme brulee, etc.) Pick a show despite the cost - we saw Blue Man Group and it was amazing!! Hoover Dam (we did an express tour - about 4.5 hours long) is worth seeing once in your life!It's been over a month since we were there so many of my details have been forgotten, but feel free to contact me if you want any more specific info!	
Nov 3 2009 	Good choice during "recession"	Stayed at the hotel for week during a conference (7000 participants) , hotel never felt overcrowded. Huge rooms and bathrooms, good housekeeping. Our room had a great view of the strip. If you don't have one in your room go to the Foundation room (private club) on the top floor for great views and drinks.This time at the reception they made a note about minibar - it will be automatically charged to your room based on any movement. to our surprise we found that charge during our checkout (and we never even opened the minibar!). The problem was during our packing opening and closing draws caused enough motion for the minibar to pick up the change - so check your bill at checkout. Beds are too OK, kind of middle firmness but have a mattress top cover that gives you a feeling of being &quot;sucked in&quot; the bed. I didn't like the arrangement of decorative pillows on the bed - you take them off and maids put them back in a morning - not sure if it was a good mix (yes, I'm a germ freak)Restaurants at the hotel are very good. Most of them have prefix menu at reasonable prices $55-$90 per person. IF you want fine Chinese dining - Shanghai Lily is a good choice. Wolfgang Puck has a great Italian place with good wines. Mexican was fresh and upscale in Border Grill. If you like huge breakfast go to Raffles cafe - good quality food , enormous portions. Foundation Room offers upscale American cuisine in a setting that copied after Hotel California (yes, the one from the famous song). Spa at Mandalay is the biggest of three hotels (The Hotel and Four seasons). There is a good gym for cardio and weight training but no group classes. They will provide socks and running shoes if you forgot yours. Spa pass $30 a day gives you access to the gym and spa facilities (hot tubs, steam room and sauna). Juice and fruits are provided in the spa. At the time they were running special get one treatment receive another 50% off - that was pretty good. The Hotel spa was running special as well - certain treatments for $100. Unfortunately its not on hotel website - you can see all promos on elevator TV. Pool and beach area are just fair. Too many chairs too close to each other. Pool and lazy river are not heated. For 3500 guest room hotel they had only 1 (one !!!) hot tub open!Do not forget your flip flops - it cost you $30 to get a pair at the hotel. Casino at Mandalay is not as busy compare to other hotels. There is a very good AC system in place so you don't feel over whelmed with smoke. Shopping at the hotel was not great - everything is overpriced 3-5 times. There is a tram to get from Mandalay to The Strip - be aware its not 24 hrs operation any more. Plan to walk back to Mandalay after 11pm. During the week once it was out of order in a morning.It's a lot of walking.Business services are expensive - to print one page from my email cost me $7. Keep in mind per minute charge while using their PC. No free Wifi in a room. We have ATT card so that worked fine.	
Oct 31 2009 	get to pool early	Nice rooms, long walk from elevator to some. Every person needs key to get to pool but there are never enough lounge chairs to go around. Nice pool area though with wave pool, and lagoon river pool.	
Oct 30 2009 	Great Time at Mandalay	My 3 friends and I spent 3 nights at Mandalay Bay, and had a wonderful time. The service was excellent, friendly cocktail waitresses, bartenders, front desk , valet, bellstaff, and housekeeping. We had a standard 2 queen bed room, that had an excellent view of the mountains through a floor-to-celing window. The beds were super plush with nice bedding. There were two flat screen TVs (bedroom/bathroom), a shower, seperate bathtub and double sinks. Simple and very comfortable, I loved this room!The pool area was nice, but I had heard so much hype, it wasn't quite what I expected. The &quot;beach&quot; was PACKED with lounge chairs (that filled up quickly) and no shade, with a &quot;wave pool&quot; that did one wave every ten minutes or so (pretty lame). We did find a place to lay by one of the lagoon pools every day, which was much more relaxing, a better atmosphere, and the poolside service was very attentive. The sportsbook was packed on Sunday for football, and after searching several bars within the casino I finally found one TV that had the Seahawks on it (the Steelers, Packers, and Patriots were all playing at the same time). Although I think I was the only person in the hotel that wanted to watch the Seahawks, the bartender kept the channel on for me even with requests from other guests to change it (keep in mind this was one of about 100 TVs in the casino), I really appreciate service like that.We kept it simple on food, Burger Bar sliders are the best!Went to see &quot;O&quot; at the Bellagio, liked Ka better (more info at seperate reviews).Overall, Mandalay Bay is one of the best hotels I've stayed at in Vegas because of it's service, which at this point of all my Vegas adventures is what I find to be the dealbreaker of where I'll stay, and where I will never return.	
Oct 29 2009 	Great pool but far from action	This hotel is great if you want to relax and hang by the pool. It's at the far end of the strip so you pay a lot in cab fees or you walk a lot. Even though you may not be going far on the strip, even 2 miles can cost you $15 each way. It adds up. If you're going to hang by the pool by a tube at walgreens to float on- only $4.99 vs the $20 day rental fee.	
Oct 29 2009 	brilliant	stayed here for six nights for our friends wedding, very clean ,.very friendly staff . whichever restaurant we all ate in the food was fantastic especially the bayside where you pay $38 dollars to eat all you like for breakfast lunch and dinner brilliant value. a very relaxed place dress up if you wish or just casual you wont look out of place.brilliant holiday	
Oct 29 2009 	A great choice	We spent four nights at the Mandalay Bay Hotel in August 2009. My wife and I together with our two teenage children had a fantastic time. It takes you a few minutes to get your head around the shear size of this hotel. Our rooms, which were apparently the most basic and cheapest were supherb; very spacious and extremely well fitted out. Despite being very busy and large it is surprisingly quiet when you are in your rooms.The hotel has a large number of restraurants to chose from although when feeding a family of four they cn work out very expensive. We chose to eat in the buffet which at $35 per person per day proved very good value for money. The choice was excellent and the family all enjoyed it. Car parking is not a problem, with what appears to be thousands of spaces with the added bonus that it is free. The only fault of this particular hotel is that it is at the end of the strip and therefore it is quite a long way to the other attractions. However, the hotel has an excellent leisure pool which is free to all residents and I am not aware that any of the other hotels in the area have a similar facility. We would definately recommend this hotel to others.	
Oct 28 2009 	An Excellent choice Las Vegas	Mandalay Bay is one of the newer mega hotels on the Las Vegas Strip. This is mainly a plus. Check-in was efficient, friendly and helpful. with the slight concern that the check-in clerk did not inform us that we were being given rooms with two queens rather than one king, as we had booked. We were offered a change later on in the day but decided to stay put. The rooms were well-appointed, large and had especially nice bathrooms, with seperate shower stall and his and hers washhandbasins. There was a large flat screen television, a desk area and two telephones. In my experience the rooms at the Mandalay Bay are above average for hotels on the Strip. We got a very low rate, which probably explains why we were on a lower floor, with no view to speak of. The hotel had a couple of Starbucks and the usual variety of expensive restaurants on the premises. The sun bathing area is designed like a beach, so there is sand where you normally get concrete, and a large number of lungers, which were not too close together. Instead of a swimming pool there is an enormouse wave pool, which generates very gentle waves every 90 seconds.The Mandalay Bay is at the very south of the Strip, its the first property that you encounter coming from the interstate. There is a monrail that takes guests to the Luxor and the Excalibur, but it is a mile or so from the centre of the Strip, so be prepared for numerous taxi rides.All in all the plusses outweigh this minus, and if you get a good rate the Mandalay Bay is a great choise for your stay in Las Vegas. Highly recommended.	
Oct 28 2009 	Mandalay Bay - ok but out of the way	The main bonus to our stay was our room, the decor was lovely. We had a huge room with a lovely spacious bathroom. The Hotel in general was also exceptionally clean! I really did enjoy our stay, although in the future i will be looking to stay more central on the Strip. It really was a mission to get anywhere as you are literally on the end of the strip, The restaurants were not to good either and very expensive.The beach is great, only you cant actually swim in the water as they have wave machines. The life guards are constantly calling people to stand behind certain lines for safety reasons - i didnt like this part to much as it was very very hot! A dip and swim without being constantly whistled at would of suited me much more.Check in/ Check out and the information stand staff were polite and helpful. It really depends what you are looking for, overall i enjoyed my stay but found the hotel a little boring and out of the way. I prefered the hotels further in that had alot more going on and alot more choice of food options.Also i wouldnt bother with the aqaurium, it was very dirty and the reptiles especially looked unwell. It was a waste of money to be honest.If you do stay here its worth getting a bus pass, the bus stop is right outside and takes you to every hotel along the strip.	
Oct 27 2009 	Bad Location	Mandalay Bay is too far at the end of the Strip. It is difficult to get to the center of the strip from this hotel. Also, they built this hotel to discourage you from leaving the property. It is almost impossible to walk out the front and find the sidewalk. Also, the noise is an issue. The thin walls allows you to hear your neighbors and anyone in the hall. Also you are able to hear outside noise as well. They wash the exterior windows at 7:00 AM, very loud. The bathroom is not ideal for friends traveling together. No lock on the bathroom door and no fan in the bathroom. If you want a less crowded casino then you may want to try Mandalay, otherwise book center strip and enjoy your stay.	
Oct 25 2009 	Nice room but all the extra charges were disappointing.	Overall our room was nice. The bathroom had two sinks, a deep tub, separate shower, a separate area for the toilet, even a small tv! We were on the 24th floor in a partial strip view room. It was more of a view of the airport and there was some airplane noise and noise from Las Vegas Blvd. Much worse though was the hall noise from the revelers yelling down the halls at all hours of the night. It would be nice if the hotel offered &quot;quiet floors&quot; for those who aren't in Vegas to party until 5am. The pool area is huge and has a wave pool and lazy river. Even in late October it was very crowded. Good drink service in the pool area. The spa was very nice, but to use it and the gym it is $30 for a day pass. So, if you get in on a late afternoon flight and want to relax in the spa and then want to work out the next morning, its $60. Kind of a rip off when you're already paying $230 for a room. Like most hotels on the strip, internet was $15/day. To use the refrigerator in your room its $20/day. The buffet was very good--good food, selection and service. The Shark reef was interesting, probably not worth $16, but if you're going to eat at the buffet the reef/dinner package is a good deal. We ate breakfast at Raffels. The food was good and the portions were generous. There were also lots of other places to eat.	
Oct 25 2009 	Mandalay Bay is Fabulous	Was at the Mandalay Bay for a holiday Oct 13-17and from the moment we arrived to the moment we left everything was wonderful. All staff we encountered were terrific from check in to check out. We were booked in a GR suite, on arrival we received upgrade to the Sky View suite. Absolutely beautiful! Separate elevator for these 3 floors only. Room was very spacious, spearate bedroom, loverly shower/bathroom/jacuzzi and very tastefully decorated. Only one minor irritant, we had a connecting room (locked off) and we could hear the people next door, but just when they came in and out. The hotel is breathtaking everywhere you look, clean , lovely scent of spices and the pool area was very nice. The decor is very nice. The casino was so much fun. Lots of activity and a real eclectic crowd. Dressed up to dressed down. Lots of friendly folks. The drink service was slow, but available with patience. Machines did not pay much but it was fun to play. We dined at several resteraunts on site. Wolfgang Pucks Lupa and the Strip house were absolutely wonderful. Service and food impeccable. Wine delicious. We did try the buffet for a late dinner one night and I would not go back. Did not like the layout or the food. Used the Starbucks for morning coffee, purchased wine at very reasonable prices in the lower level of hotel they have a shop. Very convenient.. Used the tram to the Luxor/Excaliber and walked everywehere else. It was a wonderful 84 degrees everyday so we walked everywhere and stopped in the Player's Club casino's along the way. I won a nice payout in the Luxor on a nickel slot.. The strip is still under construction ( City Center) but coming along. The roadways and walking paths are very well marked and controlled. Did a few hours shopping at the Premium Outlets (fun). We used cabs a few times at a reasonable price. Saw Bette Midlar which was just a wonderful performance. I love the Vegas shows. Spent most of our time relaxing , dining and enjoying the Mandalay Bay. I have stayed at 3 other places in the past, but having experienced the Mandalay Bay on this trip my first choice on return will be the Mandalay Bay. One word. Fabulous.	
Oct 25 2009 	I'll be on the road to Mandalay Bay once again!	Well, we went to Vegas to celebrate my birthday. I start out with the cons of Mandalay Bay, but I will finish with why I will be returning. There was 7 of us that made the trip and I had requested rooms next to each other. That never happened. We were about 9 floors apart!! The only other problem we had is that the bathroom has no fan in it. When there's no window in a bathroom, there should be a fan! That about ends my gripes.All in all it was a beautiful hotel. There's plenty of places to get your coffee in the morning. The casino floor is really nice looking (you know how some can look dingy and depressing?!), there's definitely some cools bars and restaurants, and they have an awesome spa! I had 2 treatments done while I was there and loved every moniute of it! Plus, Mandalay Bay has a really cool pool set up. They have a wave pool, a lazy river, cabanas, private pools, beachside casino, etc. You can definitely spend a whole day out there! Here's a tip: if you want to get an innertube, there are like $25. No big deal right? You probably just lost that much in a slot machine. Well, if you just look around and people happen to be leaving, there's always someone trying to sell their innertube for half price because they don't want to take it home with them! The buffet they had was pretty cool for beakfast. Don't forget to check out the Mix, or the Foundation Room for spectacular strip views!!I'm going back in March!!!	
Oct 25 2009 	Staying here was definitely a highlight of our trip	This was my family's first time staying on the strip. Being from Hawaii, we usually stay in the Downtown area because of the great package deals we get with meals. However, we were able to stay at the Mandalay for a great price, though we paid and additional $28/night (3 nights total) for an upgrade to see the strip from the 31st floor...so worth it!Other than the small glitches we experienced upon check-in due to the keying system being down, everything else was great! The rooms were very spacious, with a huge bathroom (love the his/her sinks, soak-in tub, and separate toilet), the beds were comfy, and service was top-notch. Having young children, it would have been great to have use of the refrigerator, but we made do. Also, it's a bit irritating to have the snack bar items be so accessible (you just move them and you get charged), but that was easily fixed with a call to the front desk and I'm sure verification from the housekeeping staff. We ordered room service one night and expected the inflated prices, but the portions were huge and tasty! We weren't able to use the pool (too cold for us Hawaiians), but it looked great and we definitely hope to be able to make use of it the next time we go there. We had rented a car and chose to self-park it, so that was a bit far; but being on the strip, you expect that and just plan accordingly (i.e. make sure you have the stroller no matter what, whether it be for a sleeping baby or double as a cart for all of your shopping items). Lastly, though it is as the end of the strip, having the monorail definitely makes vising other attractions easier and makes for great exercise after all the eating we do in Vegas :)Overall, staying at the Mandalay definitely made our trip to Vegas this time a great one!	
Oct 23 2009 	Not as great as in years past	Having stayed at this hotel every June for many years, I was disappointed this year. The service was not as quick and freindly as before, still good but just not &quot;top teir.&quot; The room furnishings are showing some wear, but still nice. I know the ecconomy is having an effect everywhere, but at Mandalay it shows in 100 little ways. Vallets and room service are slower, the lifts are not as clean, and if you need extra towels at an odd hour, be prepared to write your congressman.If this had been my first trip to this hotel I would have been able to give it a higher rating, however, it is not my first trip. I hope Mandalay brings itself up to its former standard. If not, next June will be a one day stay.	
Oct 23 2009	I would rather stay in a shelter.	Good venue if you are in training for a marathon.One of our group members collapsed before check-in at front desk.Was still in hospital when we departed.I was not listed as the occupant of the room,but the patient was--even though he had never checked in!!!!Too much wasted space in the lobby,no place to sit.Outside drop-off/pick-up point has no place to sit.Very disabled/senior unfriendly.Even toll free numbers cost $1.25 from room,and no telephone book.I had to spend a large amount of time on the phone calling the hospital,patient's relatives,and my employer with little co-operation from management.	
Oct 21 2009 	My Vegas Trip!	I had the greatest time here! You really don't even have to leave, just about everything is in this hotel. From Wedding Chapel, aquariums, restaurants, malls, and casino's. The price was very reasonable, the staff was great, and the hotel itself is just beautiful!!! 	
Oct 21 2009 	friends wedding	wounderfull place to stay but it is at the wrong end of the strip	
Oct 19 2009 	Nice but out of the way and the rooms could have been better for the $$.	This is a very beautiful hotel. It seems to be the first one that catches your eye when you fly into Las Vegas. The lobby is gorgeous with it's fish tank and slate/marble floors. We had a King room that was nicely decorated. The bathroom was very nice with a seperate soaker tub and shower, double sinks and a T.V. in the corner above the vanity. Our complaint is that the sinks kept gurgling throughout the day and night as well as occasionally in the tub. It seemed as though anytime that someone either above us or beside us ran their water, that the gurgling would start and continue on for a very long time. It's also at the very South end of the Strip so the walk was a long ways to get to the middle of the action if you didn't want to take a cab every time.	
Oct 19 2009 	AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!	This hotel was amazing! Although it's situated at the end of the strip you can ride the tram for free to the Exaclibur hotel and access the strip that way.We had an amazing time here. The rooms were spacious and clean and we had a great view of the pool. The pool area itself was great. It is like a mock beach with a wave pool, lazy river ect. Lots of chairs, great drink and food service. Lots of things to do at this hotel and the food is amazing!	
Oct 19 2009 	Liked it alot but didn't absolutely love it.	My husband (48), myself (47) and friends the same age stayed here from 10/15-18. Checked in at 9:30 and told us that if we wanted King rooms to wait 30 min. or they could give us rooms w/2 Q right away. We opted for the King rooms and went to the buffet for breakfast. Checked in our rooms at about 10:30 am. They were the standard rooms and we were on the 9th floor. The desk agent offered us 14th FL rooms facing the pool, but also told us there was a beach after-party (Justin Timberlake concert) and that it might be really loud on Sat. night - I really appreciated her telling us that!!We opted for the 9th FL rooms overlooking the strip. The room was clean and good sized. The furnishings are minimalist and very neutral. The rooms look like they could use a little refurbishing as well as the hall carpeting - it looked somewhat worn and dirty. The bathroom is a very good size, but the shower is pretty small. The bathroom amenities were average but the maid brought me some nicer ones after I had left a tip for her (I didn't ask for them either) Everything worked great - ipod docking station, large flat screen in the bedroom, small flatscreen in the bathroom. Nice divan w/good sized desk. Great mattress on the bed and comfortable linens.Beach/Pool - went on arrival day and it was already really crowded. They could use pool attendants to help find and secure chairs. Didn't try the lazy river because I didn't want to pay $20 to rent an innertube - ridiculous!! The water in the pool was warm. I really dont understand why this pool rates so high, I like the pool at the MIrage and Hard Rock much better - just a personal preference. There were pool waitresses and they probably could have used a few more as well as they were covering a lot of distance themselves and service was a little slow.The casino has a very nice vibe. It is not terribly large and it is spaced out well. There are plenty of ticket machines to cash out from. There seemed to be less waitresses in the casino as well. The rest of the complex flows out well from the casino and the walkways to the restaurants are easy to navigate. You don't have to cut through the middle of the casino to get to them. It was nearly impossible to find table games for less than $10 min. but that was expected especially on the weekend. We ate at the buffet once for breakfast and it was very good. I was pleasantly surprised by the desserts - they actually tasted good which is unusual for most buffets in my experience. They could have used 2 omelette stations as the wait was about 10 min to get one. We ate at Fleur de Lys which was outstanding. We picked up pastries and coffee at Red, White and Blue - the pastries were very good (much better than Starbucks). We had lunch at the House of Blues restaurant and it was good.The staff are all very friendly here. Pleasant even. The common areas of the hotel are very nicely kept up. The Mandalay has a very pleasant exotic smell to it -somewhat islandy. We did not try the spa as it costs $30/day to work out and use facilities - too much in my opinion. The spa treatments are all about double or more over what I am used to paying so we did not make use of those either. Internet Wi-fi is available for $10/day. We did not have a computer so we didn't use this ammenity. However, you can go to the Starbucks in the food area and use their wi-fi for free. Also, if you drink soda or bottled water it is much cheaper to buy them from the vending machines on your floor than at the shops in the hotel.Overall we are glad we finally stayed at the Mandalay. We would try TheHotel next before we would return to the Mandalay just to try something new and different. Also, if you need your boarding passes printed you can do them for free in the Business Center.	
Oct 16 2009 	Money Pit Bay	Clogged shower drain, couldn't get a drink when playing slots, was charged $7 for a beer in sports book and was betting there, rude employees, slow, expensive room service. This is not was a Vegas hotel/casino should be like. I lived in Vegas for 25 years, and this is not what a resort should be like. Stay somewhere else!	
Oct 16 2009 	Perfectlly suite-able	Mandalay Bay provides a great venue for shopping as well as dinning. The setting of my hotel stay was very contemporary and suitable for my needs with a beautiful lookout onto the pool side area of the pool. There are so many things that remind you of home like Starbucks but the spaciousness and plushness of some of the restaurants exceeds your expectations. The Japanese lunch deal was a partial steal which offers an assortment of sushi such as spicy tuna rolls etc. The overall elegance especially seen in the lobby with its grand Victorian inspired entrance as well as the stair case veranda within the lobby are all very eye appealing and atmospheric. One thing to note, when playing on the slot machines, if your ticket gets stuck, help is always available and courteous. I hope I come back to the Mandalay Bay.	
Oct 15 2009 	We loved Mandalay Bay!	My husband and I just returned from our first trip to Vegas. We spent 5 nights at Mandalay Bay (regular 550 room but with a 29th floor fabulous view of the strip and THE hotel) and loved it. I love the smell of this hotel! Check in/check out were a breeze. Our room was very clean and comfortable. I read a lot of reviews of the hotel so I did not really know what to expect. Mandalay Bay exceeded our expectations by far. It is just a beautiful property. The elevators were not busy when we were there (early October) so it is hard to understand all the complaints about them. Restaurants were a little pricey, but the food and service were excellent. We liked the casino and the shuttles to Luxor etc. Beware - they don't run before noon. With all the shopping in Vegas, I enjoyed their gift shop - very nice and some nice sales, too. We would definitely stay here again. I hated to leave Vegas.	
Oct 15 2009 	Great Hotel	Loved this hotel. The room was great, the view at night was magical and the hotel lobby and casino is excellent. I can't wait to stay there again.	
Oct 14 2009 	Very Nice Hotel	I recently traveled with my girlfriend to Vegas while she attended a conference for work. The conference was at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino, and we were able to stay in the resort for several nights. To get from the airport to the hotel, we took the round-trip shuttle for $13 per person. That worked out really well. The Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino grounds are huge and everything that you need is right there at your fingertips. The rooms are very nice, with really decent bathrooms. They have a stand-up shower, a separate tub, his and her sinks and a separate room with the toilet. From the resort, you can walk to the Luxor &amp; Excalibur via tunnels through the casinos, and it’s easy to get to MGM Grand, NY NY, etc. from there. Inside the resort, there are tons of shops, but everything was pretty expensive. To give you an idea, the convenience store in the resort charged $8 for a small tube of Crest ProHealth toothpaste (so don’t forget your toothpaste at home) and $6 for a bottle of beer. Also, practically nothing is included in the room price. Internet access is $15 per day – but if you go to Starbucks in the Resort, you can connect to free Wi-Fi. Also, in order to work out in the gym, the price is $15 per day. I wouldn’t bother shopping in the hotel - the best shopping is at the Forum at Caesar’s Palace. All of the stores at the Forum are mid- to high-end fashion. Inside the resort and on the strip, there are tons of restaurant options, but again, everything in the resort was expensive. I would have to say that the best bargain in the resort was the Border Grill (Mexican theme). The food was really good, and average priced. Most of the restaurants in the hotel and in the area can also be found on Resturant.com. I’ve have been using the Restaurant.com site for years and it’s really a great deal (you can get a $25 gift certificate on sale for $2 and save yourself a significant amount of money on food). If you are willing to spend a decent amount of money on food, I’d recommend Stripsteak inside the resort. They have 28-day aged steak and it was so good!!! One tip would be to ensure that any restaurants you go to are actually on the strip unless you have a rental car. The service in Vegas was outstanding. We went to Vegas about 4 years ago and stayed at the MGM Grand (which is nice but not as nice as Mandalay Bay) and the service at the time in Vegas was just okay. It’s weird, but I think the recession has made Vegas more consumer/customer friendly.	
Oct 14 2009 	WORTH THE MONEY!	Loved this Hotel, easy check in, express check out. Held our bags till our flight left. Late check out at no additional cost. Had a maintenance issue and they were there in less than 5 minutes to fix!!! On very end of strip so long walk but other than that EXCELLENT!!!!!!	
Oct 14 2009 	My new hotel when in Vegas	I have been attending Photoshop World for several years and have stayed at different hotels. This year I decided to stay where the conference was being held. Got a good price AND free internet via the conference. Nice, large clean room. Large bathroom, nice bed, great working table, comfy chair and couch. I liked the large windows too. Only thing missing would be a coffee maker - morning coffee without having to call room service would be great! Nice large HD TV's and plenty of channels. Noise level - hardly any noise -- except for where the connecting doors are. I could hear the couple next door yelling at each other the whole time. Why come to Vegas to scream at each other. I liked the casino - very little smoke smell. I took a walking trip down the strip and noticed how loud the other casinos were -- very loud music. Mandalay Bay had music, but it wasn't in your face. It was so relaxing to return after visiting several other casinos. I didn't have time to visit the 'beach' this trip, but have a great view from the room. It looked so fun and inviting. Great for kids.	
Oct 14 2009 	Good experience at Mandalay Bay	My husband and I were in Vegas celebrating a friend's birthday. The Mandalay Bay was her choice and, of course, we wanted to be wherever she wanted to stay. Due to flight schedules we arrived early (before noon) and were pleased to be able to check in and get our rooms right away. The rooms were spacious and comfortable. We've stayed at several different Vegas hotels over the years and this was the first time we didn't feel like we had to walk another couple of miles once inside just to get to our room. THAT was a nice bonus! We had breakfast at the House of Blues one morning and found it to be very good food and reasonably priced (for Vegas). We had a little bit of pool time and it was OK. The wave pool was nice and a very comfortable temperature but it's not saltwater so you're not as buoyant...consequently it's not exactly like bodysurfing in the ocean. But it was still fun. We were there during week yet the chairs appeared to be quite full in the afternoon (or there were a lot of towels left behind that didn't get picked up). We saw a lot of cocktail waitresses walking around yet not one stopped to offer service so we had to walk to the bar. Not that big of a deal for us but it was strange seeing so many of them but never observing them actually taking orders or delivering drinks. The location of the Mandalay Bay is probably the biggest detractor for us. If you like to be in the heart of the action on the strip you're going to need to take a taxi. With tip, we would easily drop $20 (each way) for the ride to be dropped off near Caesar's or Planet Hollywood. Again, not that big of a deal but don't kid yourself in to thinking you can walk it. All in all it was a very pleasant stay. If the hotel were anywhere else we'd gladly stay there again. But because we like to be more &quot;in the middle&quot; of things we are not likely to go back.	
Oct 12 2009 	Very nice looking hotel but nothing was for free	The Mandalay is great looking hotel, our room was really gorgeous, great bathroom with huge bath, big comfy bed and nice furnishings. However there were no extra included, not even the net or basic coffee/tea making facilities. Parking was free which was a bonus. Don't bother with room service, it was super expensive and food was awful. No matter how hungover you are crawl your way to the breakfast buffet downstairs.The Mandalay is at the start of the strip which can be a pain if you want to get to where the action is. There is a free tram to TI and NYNY which is handy. The pool / beach area was pretty amazing, for guests only.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great Location and Clean Rooms	We stayed at the Mandalay Bay Resort for 5 night's. Very clean rooms. Friendly employee's. Only complaint was the high prices of food at all of the Restaurants. Bring your own float to the pool so you don't have to pay $25.00 to buy one.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great hotel!	We stayed a week at Mandalay and we highly recommend it. Our room was very big and elegant. It had one TV in the bedroom and another TV facing the bathroom. Perfect! What You can ask for a smoking floor too. I most liked was the smell of the entire hotel: sandal incence. It was perfect! Hotel does not offer breakfast but it has a few restaurantes inside which offer that. The casino is also beautiful: you can spend hours without notice. Lights and smell invite you to stay there. It also has room service and it´s good for coffee. Try the free tram which connects you to Luxor and Excalibur. Service every 5 minutes!	
Oct 12 2009	A gorgeous venue with something for everyone	If you want to gamble, you're covered. Nightclubs and live music? They've got it. Beautiful pool and manmade &quot;beach&quot; for relaxation during the day. Restaurants to please every palate. My only (small) complaint: Room service can't seem to keep food warm...	
Oct 11 2009 	If you DON'T smoke--look to stay SOMEWHERE ELSE	My husband and I went here for our anniversary last week--our third trip to Vegas in 5 years. We chose this hotel because of its size, variety or restaurants, and pool area. THE GOOD: staff was very friendly and helpful. Our room was anice--great view, and a spacious bathroom and tub. We loved the lazy river and wave pool, it was a great way to spend the afternoon since it wasn't too hot. We had some great meals at the Border Grill, Spago, and Burger Bar. The buffet was OK--but very efficient, with short to non-existent lines. THE VERY BAD: this was the SMOKIEST casino hotel we've been to. Yes, there is smoking in all casinos and that won't change, but Mandalay Bay seemed the worst. A) no smoke-free tables like many casinos do, B) Davidoff cigars and cigarettes were aggressively sold around the room, and C) the ventilation seemed very poor--smoke permeated everywhere--into the restaurants, the lobby--even the hallways of the non-smoking rooms! We STUNK at the end of the night we played in its casino. Not so after others (including Bellagio, Hard Rock, Cesars, and MGM). ALSO, the pool's &quot;beach&quot; was a little like a giant ashtray--it felt cleaner to sit in the pool area. Our vacation was still great, but I would probably not stay at this casino hotel again.	
Oct 11 2009 	One of the better overall stays in Vegas	I have been to Vegas many times and stayed in a lot of the different hotels and to me this is one of the better overall places to stay in Vegas. Sure - its located at the very end of the strip, but its not as if its exactly hard to get a cab in Vegas and go where you want to go. Sure - its not as nice as the Wynn, buts its also not as pretentious as some of the higher end hotels.Bottom line -- it just is a pretty nice hotel overall, with a great pool and very good in house restaurants.	
Oct 10 2009 	Nice!	Enjoy staying here...great location with lots of shopping, great restaurants and love the lazy river and wave pool! 	
Oct 10 2009 	Very pleased-great value	We stayed from 9/26/09-10/2/09. Got a great deal on Orbitz. We arrived about 10:30 AM at the hotel. Room was not ready, so we walked around a bit, and had lunch, and by that time (about 12:30), it was ready(which was great because I belive check in time was 3 PM). We were on the 33rd floor with a view of the entire strip and mountains. It was fabulous! The room was the most spacious we have had in Vegas (previously stayed in Mirage and Bally's). The bathroom is very large with 2 sinks, separate shower stall and tub, and separate door for the toilet. The bed was very comfortable with nice pillows. Flat screen TV on the wall was very nice.We immediately went down to the pool, where it was very difficult to get a chair at that time, but we were not suprised because it was Sat. at 1:30 PM. The next day we had no trouble getting a chair. The pool was excellent.! The lazy river was really great! You could purchase an intertube for a little over $20, but we did not buy one, we just swam or floated, and it was a lot of fun. Also enjoyed the wave pool.I went to the gym inside the Spa. I was pleased that it was only $20/per person per day, instead of $30 that I had read elsewhere (it is $30 if you want to use their whirlpool and locker room). In addition, it was $45 for a 3 day pass for gym only, which I purchased. I felt this was a fair price because they had a lot of cardio equipment in the gym, so there was no problem getting to the machines, and bottled water also was included. They do also have a windy path that I think is a quarter mile outside the pool area that you can run on for free, but I didn't attempt it.The hotel has some good reasonable places to eat. There was a very good 2 for 1 breakfast at the House of Blues. We also ate at Border Grill (Mexican) and Cafe Giorgio (Italian), both were moderately priced with good food. There was a special at the buffet were you could have breakfast, lunch, and dinner for $35/day per person, but we did not do it because we had activities planned outside the hotel. When we went to other hotels for these activites, we noticed the Mandelay Bay is more spacious/less crowded and quieter than other hotels. Did go to the Shark Reef inside the hotel, which we felt was worth the $17/per person.The only negative I could say is it takes abour 1 hours to get down the strip from the hotel, even with the monorail. They have a tram from Mandelay Bay that you can take for free to Excalibur. You then walk to MGM Grand which takes another 10 minutes. Once inside MGM Grand you have to walk all the way through their casino and their mall to get to the monorail which takes about 15 minutes. Overall though, we would definitely consider staying again next time we plan a trip to Las Vegas!	
Oct 10 2009 	Fabulous spot to relax in Vegas	Mandalay Bay was an excellent choice for our family. We loved the location because it is removed from the rest of the strip, so it is more peaceful and family-oriented, although still Vegas. Our favorite part was the sandy beach with the wave pool and lazy river. The service was excellent and the hotel beautiful. This was our 3rd trip to Vegas, but our first time at Mandalay Bay, and most definitely our best trip. Classy, clean, and upbeat,,,,a refreshing change from much of Las Vegas!	
Oct 9 2009	Mandalay Bay	Sweet tubs! Great restaurants! Great helpful staff! Fleur de Lys was great. House of Blues rocked!	
Oct 9 2009 	Mandalay was great - lots of fun celebrating friend's 40th birthday.	Mandalay Bay was a nice, well-rounded hotel, great value. It's a BIG hotel and takes a couple days to get to know your way around. Wave pool - awesome. Get there by 9:30 a.m. to get more than just 2 lounge chairs together. Kids under 48&quot; not allowed in wave pool. $10 drinks at the pool - buckets of beer probably best bang for buck. Lots of great restaurants at the hotel - we ate at these and I'd recommend them all: Strip Steak, House of Blues, and the Sushi restaurant. Happy hour at House of Blues great value. Easy to hop on tram to Luxor and then walk to New York for the roller coaster. Saw Criss Angel's show at Luxor - give it a 7/10. If shopping, taxi to Miracle Mile shops - stop by the Cheeseburger Restaurant and grab a Mai Tai in a big plastic pineapple cup to go!	
Oct 9 2009 	This was the best experience of my life	You have to try this place out. From the Casino to the Pool everything was absolutely perfect. We will be back year after year for the excellent customer service and amazingly good time.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great pool area for whole family.	We chose the Mandalay Bay for the pools. The wave pool is great for toddlers since it has a shallow area for wading. Preschool on up can enjoy floating on the lazt river for hours. The hot tubs are fun for all ages too. Bring your own innertube so you don't need to spend money on renting or buying one at the hotel.The only downside of the hotel is the prices for food. Quite expensive to feed a family of 4 but it is the same at all the nice Vegas hotels. We bought some snacks and beverages at the local drugstore to save money.	
Oct 9 2009 	It's just OKay	I always thought by staying at one of the much nicer hotels I would have a &quot;better stay&quot;, though I found the MB hotel overpriced and spent most of my time (a 5 day stay) at the near by hotels. The room, labeled a suite, was nothing like a suite at all. I think the bathroom was the nicest part yet the room was drab and average. The hotel's eateries were overpriced and fairly empty for our 4th of July weekend stay. We checked out the shark exhibit which for $18 or so pp, a 10 minute walk thru was not my idea of what I expected. The pool areas were crowded, as to be expected in July, and were clean, yet they do not allow you to take in mini totes for beverages so we had to leave ours at the door and hope that no one took it (which no one did). I think my stay at the MIrage, Alexis Park and other more reasonably priced hotels I had much better rooms, an actual suite and better price options for buffets and eateries. I'm not saying the hotel is horiible, just nothing as it should be for the price you pay! Oh and the tattoo shop in there is a RIP OFF! Unless you wanna pay a hefty price for a tat you'll need touched up immediately, I wouldnt suggest spending the dough!	
Oct 9 2009 	Wonderful again.	We have stayed at Mandalay Bay more than 5 times and have had a wonderful stay all but one time. The rooms are nice and clean, halls are spotless, elevators fast, hotel is laid out nicely, the pool is clean and huge, the buffet is above average and worth the money. We shop for good prices at mandalaybay.com and go when the price is right. We paid 350 dollars for 2 nights in a 1200 sq foot suite, with a 20 dollar resort credit.. The reason we stay at Mandalay Bay is because of the jacuzzi tubs in most of their rooms. Best on the strip.	
Oct 9 2009 	First experience	First time in Vegas &amp; loved the pools...many to choose...wave pool &amp; lazy river were fun. Stayed 'til I wrinkled. :)Side trip to Red Rock Canyon was amazing! Close-by, about 25 minutes away.Shark reef was interesting.Food was good, convenient and lots of choices- some a bit pricey though.Worst thing- I didn't like the smokey casino on the weekend because smoke made my throat sore :(	
Oct 8 2009 	March Madness	We stayed 5 nights during the first week of March Madness. This place was not as busy as previous years but that could be do to the people having the $$ to travel to Vegas. Our room was great with a view of the strip. Service was great. Get a players card and make sure you check with the desk before checking out. We got one night free. Planning our next trip in March and we are going to stay here again. Pool was great!	
Oct 8 2009 	This place rocks!	I love it here. They made us feel wanted right away, except check in too a little too long after a rough flight!	
Oct 8 2009	Mandalay Bay hotel 	Upgraded to a suite on 25th floor. Room was fantastic, Maid service was great. Ate in 3 restaurants and was a bit pricy but the quality was great.	
Oct 8 2009 	Endless Party in Vegas	This was our 2nd trip to vegas and our first time at the Mandalay. We found the hotel had most everything we needed. Lots of restaurants, great pool/beach area, night clubs, gambling, ..... The restaurants were excellent but a bit pricy. We did some drinking and dancing and gambling and hanging out with friends. There seemed to be always something going on here so by the 4th day we were ready to leave. There was wind noise in our room through the window and a constant beat of music day and night so it was hard to get sleep. One more day would have killed me. Maybe this place is for a younger crowd. The pool was nice, but the life guards kept blowing whistles and there seemed to be a lot of rules. I don't understand with 7 lifeguards why they couldn't gently talk to people instead of keep blowing the whistle asking people to move over the line. I guess 2 ft deep in the wave pool was extremely dangerous. The main down point of this hotel is that is located on the far end of the strip so a long haul from the other attractions. We also found the tram stops running at 10pm so you get to the tram and then find out you have walk from the excalabur which is a bummer at midnight or later. The other down point is there is no place to sit in the hotel except the casino or bar or pool. So if you check out you have to go to the beach or gamble or drink. They get you comming and going. They also have a minibar that registers if you just touch anything so you pick it up and they charge you.	
Oct 8 2009	Fine hotel but there are much better values out there.	Went with my son for his 21st BD. We were initially upgraded to a 2 bedroom suite which was fantastic, but just for one night and after the initial thrill, we discovered that some housekeeping had been overlooked, but it still was nice for the one night. Since we got in so late, we didn't have much time to enjoy since we had to be out of that room by 11AM, but did enjoy the best room service ever. Wish I could remember the waiter's name. He made us feel really special. The room we were moved to was pretty much like any other room except for the bathroom, which was quite large. The toilet is separated from the sinks (2, which was great!), shower and tub. We both felt very claustrophobic in the private area and had to use a can of shaving cream to prop it open (there are french doors which close off the entire bathroom from the bedroom. I have stayed at the MGM, Paris, Treasure Island, Barbary Coast and Gold Coast in Las Vegas and would rate the first 4 with better rooms overall. The first 3 with better casinos. To me, a better casino is a better choice of slots, not too crowded and a place where I can get away from the smoke. There was a wide choice of restaurants and the 24 hour restaurant, Raffles was a very nice &quot;coffee shop,&quot; but the service was painstakingly slow. Good food, but poor service. The &quot;beach&quot; was so crowded we couldn't find a spot....luckily, my aunt had also come and she and her friend gave us their chairs. I think the MGM has a better pool set up. I have not enjoyed Paris or Treasure Island's pool areas, so can not compare. All in all we had a great time, but spent most of our time at other places, but I am glad I experienced it, but there are other places I will try next time at the price.	
Oct 8 2009 	Way overpriced and not as nice as we hoped	Having been out to Vegas over a dozen times, this trip we decided to stay at some new hotels to see what they had to offer. Mandalay was not worth the money. The first room we got was a smoking room and I, as a 25+ year smoker, was bowled over by the smell and had to request another room. The parking was as far away as it could be - took my husband 20-30 min. to park and make it to the room. The fridge/wet bar in the room had a neat trick - it was priced by weight - if that weight changed up or down, they charged you! Meaning if you bought your own drink and put it in the firdge to keep cold they would charge you! Ridiculous. Then the pool - never did get a chair in 2 hours there. They wanted $140 or something for 2 chairs in the reserved section! Would not stay there again regardless of the room discount.	
Oct 8 2009 	Las Vegas - A VIP vacation!	Loved staying at the Mandalay Bay resort! Yes it was crowded by the pool (a beautiful incredible pool), Yes its far down the strip (but there's a tram to shuttle you most of the way). The views from the room are phenomenal and the checking in/out was easy - even on Labor Day Weekend! I would certainly recommend staying here! And don't forget to eat or at least check out &quot;Mix&quot; atop THE hotel, and if you can get into the foundation room, it is INCREDIBLE up there on a windy evening sipping cocktails 50 stories in the air....	
Oct 8 2009 	Best pool in Vegas! Very Nice resort.	We've stayed here several times, and always enjoyed it. The rooms are nice, but not exceptional. I like the seperate tub in the bathroom. Our last couple of trips, the furnishings were starting to show some wear, but still prefer them over most of the other hotels we have stayed at on the strip. Casino is large and open feeling, staff fantastic and some of the best choices for food anywhere.	
Oct 8 2009	Las Vegas in July = 100F	My two sisters were visiting me in USA for the first time, so I showed them around some major cities in USA. As a travel agent, I cannot afford high season travel. Well, high season in Vegas is usually for the big events and holidays. I really had a &quot;great deal&quot; to Las Vegas even though we suffer from severe heat!!!It was 109F high when we were in Las Vegas. The walk was okay for first 2 minutes from the hotel to anywhere. After then, we were all dripping and got fried.After about a 30 minute of miserable walk and very slow duce buses from the central strip area, we all jump into the wave pool and lazy river pool. They were awesome! I highly recommend that to everyone: I mean everyone should enjoy the cool water in the middle of desert under strong sun! It was safe and clean (NEVER CROWDED)!Among all the hotels that we have stayed over three weeks including Toronto, Niagara Falls, and Chicago, Las Vegas hotel is far the best. Reasons why you should stay here and don't have to pay for additionally: 1. We were on the 27th floor; the view was just breath taking during the day and night!2. Free WI-FI at Starbucks on site!3. The amazing pools and friendly staff at the beach!	
Oct 8 2009 	SIMPLY AMAZING	We had the best time at Mandalay Bay Hotel. The rooms were BEAUTIFUL, and more than enough room for 2 people per room. In August, we got the best deal, I think $119 a night which is just fabulous. I do recommend checking to see what is going on at the hotel before booking, the Jonas Brothers were there when we stayed there, and it was SO CROWDED. I think that is just Vegas in general, but the elevator wait was insane to get to your room. Otherwise, the pool was great, and the staff was very hostpitable and accomadating!	
Oct 8 2009 	young vibrant happening place	we loved staying at Mandalay Bay where everything was convenient, Convention Center, Pools, casinos, restaurants and shopping. Very friendly and very helpful courteous staff.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Resort with many great things to do!	This is an awesome place to stay. The rooms are great and there are so many fantastic things to do at the resort besides just gambling. I think anyone that likes a luxury resort would enjoy their stay at Mandalay Bay.	
Oct 8 2009 	Just Expected More...	We stayed here for my birthday trip to Las Vegas, we thought that we would &quot;upgrade&quot; for a little more money this time. The very first thing we notice when we arrive at our room door is that there is a maintenence worker arriving at the door at the same time and he asked us if this was our room and we said yes and he says UH OH, he said that the drains in the bathroom were clogged and he was sent to see if he could fix them, well he worked on the drains for a half an hour without being able to fix them so we called down to the front desk to see if there was any way that we could switch rooms since 30 mins had passed and we are unable to even use our bathroom at this point so they ended up moving us to another room which when we arrived at that room had no towels and no drinking glasses, and no garbage can. The next day we went out for the day and arrived back to our room and it had not been cleaned yet, they then called our room to see if we would be leaving anytime soon so that they could clean the room, we said yes that we would going out to dinner and for the night in about an hour, needless to say they never cleaned the room that night.I guess I was just expecting a little more from this hotel as the staff was just not that interested in trying to make the stay pleasurable.The pool activies however were quite fun.	
Oct 8 2009 	A great stay at Mandalay Bay	Had a great stay at Mandalay Bay from Sept 27-30. This was the first part of a 6 night stay that included The Mirage (separate review). We arrived quite early (1:30pm), and approached Dan at the check-in desk. He was a very nice man and told us that our room was ready (we were surprised). Our room was a Vista Suite, 33-235. The room was absolutely fabulous. It is a huge room, over 1600 square feet, with great views from every room. We were at the end of the hallway, so noise was not a problem as we were only connected to one other room that was in the living room area (the bedroom wall was up against the emergency staircase). From the dining room we had a nice view of the airport, from the bedroom we could see the mountains, pool and convention area, and from the living room the best view of the strip that I think you could get. The dining table seats 6, there is a wet bar with a TV and minibar and separate fridge, the living area has a huge TV and stereo system and the bedroom has I would say only a queen bed and another TV. The bathroom is huge with double sinks, in mirror TV, jetted tub and party shower with steam. There is also a ½ bath behind the bar area and motorized drapes throughout. Four separate thermostats control the cooling and did a great job. While the furniture is a little worn, the room was extremely clean and quite modern. Upscale amenities, a great view and the great price we received, make this probably one of the best suites for the money in Vegas.The Mandalay Beach area is another great asset to the property. There is a beach with real sand, a wave pool, 2 separate other pools and a lazy river. My wife really enjoyed the lazy river as she just floated and did not us a tube. The current was quite fast in here. The waves in the wave pool were not that impressive and only happened every couple minutes, but it was enough to give you that feeling of being in the ocean. We went to the pool around 11am and there were still quite a few chairs, but by 1pm most were taken. There were only a few cabanas in use, I suspect because of the high price that they charge. The remainder of the property was very clean, and did not notice much trash or broken equipment at all. There are many, many restaurants to choose from. We ate at Raffles twice which offered a good price for what you got. Kind of disappointed that the food court only had one or two places open and was a long way from the rooms. There is a small mini-mart across the street to pick up snacks and beverages along with a McDonalds, Subway and Panda Express.This was our second time in Vegas, stayed at the Venetian previously, and we really enjoyed Mandalay Bay. The only real negative is that it is at the end of the strip, so getting anywhere calls for a cab or a hike. But if you take the tram to Excalibur, it is not too bad. If you want to relax by the pool or beach, do a little gambling and enjoy the resort itself, Mandalay Bay is a great choice.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Place to Experience Vegas	The rooms had all been redone. Good size and have all of the modern amenities now. Mini bar is touch sensitive, so be careful. Mandalay Bay has a great atmosphere. Wonderful night spots and restaurants are dispersed around the casino, with a great big bar in the middle for meeting up with others. The Beach adds a fun dimension to the pool experience. Everyone was friendly and paid attention to details. the sport book is a good size with plenty of TVs for watching all the games. Nothing is better then being there over a big sports weekend. I would highly recommend Mandalay Bay for anyone who wants to experience the higher end of Vegas. It is definately my favorite location.	
Oct 8 2009 	Relaxing and fun	This was only my second time visiting Las Vegas, but my boyfriend has traveled there on several occasions and Mandalay Bay is his favorite place to stay. I absolutely loved my first experience there! Location: The hotel is at the end of the strip but there is a tram you can take further down. We felt the need for a long walk after eating so much at dinner anyway. The Mandalay Bay property is so large we didn't really feel the need to leave. We walked (through the indoor mall) to the Luxor and also to the MGM, but that was it. There was plenty to do at Mandalay Bay. Casino: Compared to the Luxor and MGM's casinos, I liked Mandalay's the best. I have a strong distaste for smoking and Mandalay's casino was well ventilated, clean and bright. However, blackjack table minimums were $15, but they did have 25 cent - $1 dollar blackjack machines. The wait staff in the casino were exceptional... very prompt with drinks. Rooms: Nicely decorated and clean. Very comfortable beds!! I thought I was at home! They have pillow top mattresses, down comforters and different kinds of pillows that were also very comfortable. The bathrooms have marble floors and stand up showers. The best part of our room for me was the view. We were on the 32nd floor with a strip view. Each room has ceiling to floor windows so you can really take it all in. Food: We ate at the Bayside Buffet for most of our meals because we were trying to save a little money. Still expensive but we definitely ate our money's worth! One of the nights we went to the Border Grill to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday. This was some of the best Mexican food I have ever tasted (and being from Colorado we have great Mexican food here). The service was excellent and they even brought out a free dessert for my boyfriend's birthday, topped with a lighted candle. I typically hate dessert at Mexican restaurants but this was a homemade chocolate mousse with oreo cookie crust - delicious! My only complaint was that the $12 margaritas we ordered came in very small glasses... I would say 12oz.? We didn't end up ordering a second one!Pool: Mandalay Bay is known for its pool and I can see why! They have a few small pools, plus a heated wave pool, hot tub (but it wasn't very hot), and a lazy river. The weather was great while we were there and the pool gets very busy. Still, we were able to find two chairs together without a problem - even in the middle of the day. The wait staff there were also great - prompt service and came around often to see if you needed anything. Overall, I noticed that everything is expensive. I still gave a &quot;5&quot; for value because we got a lot of food for the price, free drinks in the casino (which made up for the tiny but expensive margaritas elsewhere), and we got a good deal on our room rate. I will definitely return to Mandalay Bay in the future.	
Oct 7 2009 	DONT BOTHER STAYING HERE=horrible Experience	Room was nice, but VP lounge acted as though you were bothering them. Pool was nice, extremely crowded, and we had to shell out close to $300 per day for a cabana just to keep our autistic son out of the 100 degree sun. Most of the staff was rude, the cleanliness was just ok.Save Yourself and stay at the Mirage or the Wynn, this was a NIGHTMARE	
Oct 7 2009 	GREAT STAY	We stayed at the MB for eight days and really enjoyed this hotel. Check in was a little slow but they cannot control how many planes land at the same time. They had a full staff on and when it was my turn the girl was very pleasant and helpful. We got a great room on the 15th floor and looked at the airport. We enjoyed watching the planes coming and going. Never had any issues with the elevators as some others had and the cleaning staff were very good. The pools were the best. Always got a chair and never had to look for one. Probably the time of year as the kids are back in school. We did notice more families on the weekend. We have been to Las Vegas lots and were very aware where we were situated on the strip. We like to walk so this was not a issue for us. We would take the tram to Excalibur and walk from there. If you do not like to walk the bus system runs constantly in front of the MGM Grand. It is much quieter than being in mid-strip. I do agree the restaurants have gotten more expensive. They give you a break on the rooms but not the food. We had good meals though. In the hotel we ate at Raffles (huge portions) Border Grill and House of Blues. Had no complaints about any of the food. Watch for coupons in the Vegas guide you get in the Taxi Cabs you can get a two for one breakfast in the House of Blues. We ate at the Tropicana their special two lobster tails and it was delicious and good sized lobsters for 19.99 (with their players card) . We also ate at Dirty Dicks in Excalibur it was fun! We saw two excellent shows Terry Fator (amazing) and the Lion King. We would stay at this hotel again.	
Oct 6 2009	Nice experience with some learning experiences on both sides....	Attended an Awards Show in Mid-August. The Hoodie Awards - hosted by Steve HarveyThe Hotel really wasn't ready for those that came, but they were whipped into shape for next year.Since I had a package deal, I added a day at the beginning and at the end of my package. The check-in staff finally realized what was going on and all was well; HOWEVER, they kept locking my room in the middle of the day. I had to tell the lady, &quot;please do not make me come back down here. Honor my reservations ad ONE and please do not lock the door. It's inconvenient to keep coming to this desk.&quot; I think they got the message.The room was Luscious. Luscious Beds. Luscious Television (wall mounted plasma). Luscious bathtub separate from the luscious shower. Not to mention the Marble top on the double sinks. The toilet was separated with a door (need to have ventilation in the smaller toilet area).Each night's sleep was the best and you rarely heard any noise, esp. knowing that the hotel was full of guests.Mandalay Bay is HUGE!!! Put on some comfortable shoes and enjoy the walking, the shops, the restaurants, the pool area (never made it there, but walked past) and just the ambiance.Stayed at the Luxor the day prior and it was delightful to walk thru the walkway to the Mandalay. Also, use the free monorail that runs between The Excalibur, The Luxor and The Mandalay....cannot wait to return and hopefully, the Check-in Staff will be ready for the amazing Awards show crowd.	
Oct 6 2009 	Mandalay Bay is a HUGE property!	The facility is lovely as are all of the big name hotels in Las Vegas. They all have clubs, great entertainment and excellent food. I am traveling with my husband on business. One of the attractions at Mandalay Bay is the pool area--however, this first week of October when we are visiting, it is way too cool to be enjoying a pool. That said, the other attraction for me is gambling--given its distance from the rest of the strip, I feel sort of trapped at this casino unless I want to get a cab. Staying at a property in the &quot;heart of the strip&quot; would have been preferable to me.	
Oct 5 2009 	Nice but have since discovered better Hotels	It's a nice hotel resort, the pool is the best part. But come early or don't come at all if you want a good spot. But since then I have gone a few times more and have found better deals. Have noticed that this hotel doesn't always offer a reasonable deal when other hotels with the same amount of luxury do.	
Oct 5 2009 	Super nice hotel!!	I stayed at MB for 2-days in late August. The room was awesome, by far the best room I've ever stayed at in Vegas (see my other reviews)! The locations not the greatest on the strip, just make sure you bring some decent walking shoes.I was kinda surprised at how thin the walls seemed to be, but I've come to expect that from Vegas. Thankfully my next door neighbors weren't hardcore partiers!Food in the MB was excellent, I ate at the buffet twice.I might add that I had my room comped for both nights!	
Oct 4 2009 	overcharged and lied to	Mandalay Bay looked great and I love the beach, so I called in advance to confirm that the pools would be open and heated in November and was told yes. When arriving, we discovered that only one small pool was open, despite the fact that it was over 80 degrees. In this case, we would have picked another place. We went to speak to management where they offered us a free spa treatment instead. We asked for it to be changed into a food/room credit and they agreed. Upon checking out we were told that we had paid all of the charges and owed nothing else. A month later a charge appeared on our credit card for the food we had charged to the room that we had a credit for. Months of calling and arguing did nothing and we eventually just paid the credit card bill. We never would have eaten at their restaurant if we had not had the credit. Mandalay Bay lied and then stole from us.	
Oct 4 2009 	Second Fabulous Trip in 6 months!!	We stayed here in April of this year and liked it so much we decided to go back. This stay was just as great as the last one, the only difference was the room which was on the third floor and did not have a view like we had last time. I did not ask to change rooms which they may have been able to do. They did accommodate our early check in as our plane landed at 10:30 which was nice. There was fast check in and out and no waits for elevators. We went down to the pool around 1:30 and though it was crowded, we did find two chairs fairly easily. There were some children there, but most seemed to be back in school. The crowd was nice a lot of middle aged and European travelers. They have the Moorea pool/club which is European style (topless optional.) My husband spent time there. They gave away water one day and they have plushier chairs. I don't think there is as much shade there except at the bar. It was 100 when we got there 9-28 and I need a certain amt of shade during the day. There are trees and shday spots, but it is good to get there early to get them. The pool opens at 9 and closes at 6pm. I found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. No bad experiences. I ordered two boxes of tissues from the room service and they came within 10 minutes. We ate two days at the Bayside Buffet for the 35.00 eat all day deal which worked well. Even though we just ate breakfast and dinner, it was a good deal. The Luxor Buffet had a similar deal for $30.00 per person.Another night we went to the buffet at the Bellagio and it was good too with a lot of selections especially seafood and sushi for those who like that. The conservatory was excellent and decorated for Fall, definately worth seeing! On Wed nights at the Strotosphere they have smooth jazz at 7pm. Get there early and get a booth to watch the sunset! The lounge is just above the restaurant Top of the World and there is no fee to get up there. Save yourself the expensive meal and have a drink at the lounge. Another cool place to have a drink is the Peppermill Lounge by the Sahara which has a firepit. We went to Mix at the top of The Hotel and it was wonderful. We went early before 10 when there was no cover. They have appetizers and expensive, but well prepared drinks. We were able to sit outside which offered a marvelous view of the strip. We went to Hooter's at night as they had one table of $3 blackjack. We went to the Shark Reef exhibit at MB. It was pretty impressive, though somewhat smaller than I thought it would be. We went as early as possible at 10 am and there was a group of tourists and a bus of school children. It may be better to go later. They are open until 9-10 depending on the day.Did not hear any noise from other rooms. Coffee can be had at Starbuck's near the convention center or Orchid's Lounge.	
Oct 4 2009 	This place was awesome!	This was one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at. We were on the 60th floor, had our own elevator and our room was spotless. We were out on the &quot;beach&quot; every day enjoyed the wave pool and then at night went to House of Blues to eat. Had such a great time with my sister and friends. Even went shopping at Urban Outfitters and found great deals. Would love to go back. Also the room was $99; it was such a steal that we stayed an extra night (received food credit also). One more thing Randy at the front desk was very helpful in getting us the room we wanted.	
Oct 2 2009 	Everything I had hoped for ....and more!	My husband &amp; I had hoped someday to stay at Mandalay Bay. With the great promotions they are offering, we jumped and were not at all disappointed. It is clean, classy, the staff is professional, making our stay very enjoyable. I can't complain about anything. I am not a fan of buffets so reluctantly I accompanied my husband to the offer of all day buffet for $35.00. It was really, really good. Very fresh food, good quality. I can't wait to go back! The pool, lazy river, beach is the BEST.	
Oct 1 2009 	FANTASTIC HOTEL WORTH ITS 5 STARTS	We travelled with Virgin Holidays to the Mandalay Bay and I must say the experience was fantastic from start to finish. We got married in the Little Church of the West up the road from the Hotel. The hotel itself was fantastic, we had a huge room on the 26th floor which was tastefully decorated and very very spacious. Luckily we were near the lift banks so didn't have to walk miles up a corridor to get to the lifts. The hotel was very busy but we never had to wait for anything very long. The beach/pool area was great, service in the hotel was excellent, the place and room spotless. Some of the restaurants were a bit pricey but there is always 'Panda Express' across the road for a quick meal. The best place to go for food is Ellis Island Casino and Micro Brewery just behind Bally's Hotel, the food/BBQ was superb and the casino odds much better than in the strip hotels. However... back to the Mandalay. - could not fault it at all. It has the added bonus of having the monorail down to the Excalibur so saves the feet! We had a car so went all over - Hoover Dam, hired a boat on Lake Mead for the day, went up Mount Charleston - all these things to do within a 40 mile radius of Vegas. We would definitely recommend it and would stay there again if we went back to Vegas.	
Oct 1 2009 	Unbelievable value	I checked my MGM player's account on a whim last spring (hadn't played but about $50 through one machine the year before) and found a fantastic reduced rate for rooms, so I booked. So glad I did. I had a nearly perfect experience and can't wait to go back next spring. Some of these reviews puzzle me, because I am picky and have stayed everywhere in Vegas from the Thunderbird Motel to Four Seasons, and I really could not fault much here. From the bell getting my bags when I arrived, to the excellent check in clerk to the maid requests I made when first arriving, to the easy check out over the phone the morning I left, it was just one great relaxing day after another. I heard no other guests and I spent a lot of time in my room (loved the bath and the big TV/little bath tv and room service). I asked for an upper floor with no afternoon sun and got a great airport/strip view on the 60th floor, which had a private elevator bank, so no waiting. If you don't want to leave a credit card or cash for incidentals, it is no problem here. They put you on cash only for room service, but you can use a credit card when you order. Also, I played the same bank of triple play VP mostly, and every different shift of cocktail waitress was great. Maybe it was where I was sitting, but I was never in need of a thing. People who complain about no coffee pots and refrigerators really need to read the hotel websites or call ahead of time if that is important. It is not the norm in Vegas, but they spell it out on most websites and it's your duty to check that, not theirs to provide what they say they don't clearly on their ads. Definitely give this place a try, it's beautiful. Don't miss Cantor's Deli back in the Sportsbook, awesome sandwiches.	
Oct 1 2009 	Breathtaking	I have been to Las Vegas many times, the cheap rooms combined with the shows and the restaurants make the place unique. I don't gamble so I am there purely for the social scene.This was the third time I had stayed in the Mandalay Bay, previously I have stayed at the Bellagio, NYNY, MGM, Golden Nugget. Depending on what you are looking for this could be the ideal place for you.What does it for me is the lack of smoke, unlike every other Las Vegas casino this one seems through virtue of its horizontal dimensions manages to diffuse the smoke. You do not leave with your clothes smelling of smoke after a walk past reception, it has a fresh smell to it.This time I checked in with my girlfriend and they upgraded us to a sky view suite which has a private elevator near concierge. It was such a nice surprise to be given the room. The room was about 1,000 sq feet and had a view of the pool. Just a heads up for those of you thinking about staying in the Hotel or in the main hotel. If you have a choice between a suite in the main hotel or the Hotel, choose the main hotel. The suites will be bigger. The age range in the Hotel is lower than that in the main hotel.Go for dinner in the Aureole, it is my favourite restaurant in the whole world. They have a selection of about 40,000 wines there, when you are choosing your wine they give you a pda to help you with the wine pairings. Once you order they punch the coordinates into their little machine. There is a wine tower about 4 stories high holding red wines, a lady with a trapeze artist type strap on her back gets raised towards where your bottle is and she elegantly decends to ground level with the bottle, an amazing thing to see!Seeing mama mia there is another pleasure, if you have seen it on broadway or another city see it here too. They have the most talented cast here so it sounds on a different level to the other venues.If you are staying here you should do so during the summer when the pool is open. There is a man-made beach which is breathtaking, if the pools are closed you are missing out. One of the events of my life was watching 'Swingers' being shown on the beach at 8pm while we were all on the sun loungers having drinks. The weather was just perfect with a cool breeze and the golden buildings lit up behind us.The spa here again is incredible, my advice would be to go for the day long pampering which lasts about 5 hours it includes a seaweed wrap, massage, manicure, pedicure. See what your budget allows.The Mix bar on the top floor of theHotel should also not be missed, it has a splendid view of the strip, you can walk out onto a balcony about 40 floors up and have the moist las vegas breeze blowing into your face, the strip is so beautiful with the lights all lit up.The only downside is the location which is the base of the strip, however it is easy to get to the middle of the strip through the monorail which connects inside the building. There are also so many cabs around so it isn't a really big deal.Staying here you are in a trendy upscale place which doesn't smell bad, it has a tropical theme about it with palm trees and marble floors. It is my place of choice, I think you will enjoy it, but book in advance and look out for the deals! Enjoy!!	
Sep 30 2009 	Very nice Hotel with an amazing pool!	Even for Las Vegas this hotel is on the upper scale. Not so much fuzz in the front, but the rooms are great (nice and big) and the pools are amazing. It is located and the end of the Strip towards the airport, so if you want to see all the other hotels you have to walk a long way and take a taxi or the bus al least in one direction. Luxor and Excalibur are directly connected. NewYorkNewYork and MGMGrand are still in easy walkable distance.	
Sep 29 2009 	Very disappointing - I will not return	Complaints:After a nights stay, I asked ther maid to clean our room (empty the waste baskets &amp; make the bed). I returned at midnight and the room was NEVER attended to. After 36 hours at Mandalay, still ZERO maid service. I complained to management, and finally a maid came and clean our room. The manager said our first night stay would be free. Upon check-out, we did NOT receive a free night stay. Our bill was NEVER modified, nor did they for us. What a joke.Beware of the room's bathroom! The fossit water reeked of ROTTEN MILDEW. I have a feeling they recycle their water... The stench was unbearable.Many of the restaurants do NOT have bathrooms. You must exit the restaurant and use the bathrooms in the casino. Very inconvienent.Our in-room phone indicated that there was a message. I checked and NO voicemail. The phone still blinked and blinked and blinked and blinked. Still no voicemail. Why is it blinking &quot;new message&quot;, if we don't have any messages?!? Grrrrrrr.The walls in the room are PAPER-THIN. Between girls laughing, to someone watching their TV in the next room, I did not get a restful sleep.The hotel is also very understaffed. The lines at the registration desk were ridiculously slow.I will not be returning to the Mandalay Bay.	
Sep 28 2009 	Wow - cannot believe this hotel is not #1	Out of all the hotels we walked to and visited on our first visit to Vegas this was by far the best - beautiful, classy, clean and buzzy and has a bit of credibility compared to some of the modern tat you get in vegas. Would have loved to have gone there on a hen party.Our room was amazing, the outdoor beach/pool area is a great place to see and be seen, or you can go off to one side and be in a slightly queiter area by the lazy river. There is also a great bar at the top - cannot remember the name of it.The only downside about this place is that it is a bit of a walk to the main attractions ie Bellagio fountains - but only 5 minutes and I preferred where the Mandalay was anyway. Also they make you pay to use the gym which is a bit annoying.We got a great deal on the internet which made this stay a total bargain.	
Sep 28 2009 	Customer service not a priority	Booked a spa suite for five night for a honeymoon vacation. Was very disappointed with the location, the wave pool, the lazy river, the gym, and the snobby front desk clerks. This hotel is very concerned about image and very concerned about treating their guests like guests. Needless to say I checked out after the first night and moved to another hotel to enjoy the rest of my stay. Lost a lot of money at the other hotel but at least was treated like a guest and not nickel and dimed by all the extra costs associatated with Mandaly Bay. But the worst thing about Mandalay was the general lack of concern I received from not just one isolated employee but 5 different ones. One bad employee would have been acceptable but 5 within the first 5 hours was just too many to justify giving them all my money and time.	
Sep 27 2009 	The best hotel in Las Vegas to unwind	Beautifully maintained and appointed hotel, excellent rooms and public facilities but best of all, away from the noise and hurly burly of the main part of the Strip. Staff were very helpful and polite. Restaurants varied from cheap quick burger to haute cuisine. The casino was large and airy and the machines well spaced out, and unlike most other hotels it wasn't the first thing you saw before you registered. Pool area was busy but generally beds were available (pick your spot early). We don't have a bad thing to say about Mandalay Bay and would definitely stay there again.Travel tips - catch the free shuttle to Las Vegas Outlet Centre, the Deuce ($3 single) downturn or the free monorail and then the low cost tram to cover the whole of the Strip. LV is very accessible for those who require a little extra help getting around.	
Sep 27 2009 	Get a suite at THE HOTEL well worth it	We loved this hotel. We stayed in a suite at THE HOTEL, the room was lovely. The facilities at the hotel are all great especially the poolarea. The beach area with the wave machine was great fun.This hotel is at the far end of the strip. If it is your first visit I would not recommend it as it is a bit of a trek to the main hub of the strip. Their is a free tram if you walk to the Luxor that takes you to Escalibur you then walk to mgm to get the mono rail, $5 a trip each. Do not under estamate how far you walk to get the tram and mono rail as they are all set that you need to walk through all of the casinos to get to them. Much better to jump in a cab, it was $13 from the hotel to the Bellagio and no sore feet!	
Sep 25 2009 	Be prepared...	We visited Mandalay Bay for a 3 night stay to attend a trade show the hotel was hosting. We travel 3 times a year for these type shows and this was by far my least favorite venue. I was dismayed that even though the price tag for a nights stay there was premium, the cost did not justify the visit.The Good:-Clean-Entire resort is absolutley beautiful.The Bad:-$15 per 24 hour usage of high speed internet, totally unreasonable. Howard Johnson's gives you free internet for goodness sakes.-Ye olde &quot;We don't have any of those rooms available&quot; Even though reservation was prepaid 2 months in advance. They &quot;fixed&quot; the problem after we gave the receptionist the whole Seinfeld &quot;That's the point of a reservation&quot; line.-Disneyworld prices on steroids. They provide you with no breakfast, not even coffee and a roll. They do this so you must wander down into their labrynth of restaurants. Might I suggest the Meusli, Coffee and (1) glass of juice for $22. The prices scale up from there, use your imagination.-They have an assortment of snacks in the room. Do not take or move these 59 cent snacks. You will be charged for them, and guess what the mark up is...it's a lot. So we ate the snacks of doom and the following insued... We recieved an email that is essentially a bill for $106.99. Immediatly we were alarmed and called Mandalay Bay to see what the deal was. Apparantly we are insane, deaf and blind. &quot;The woman at the desk tells you there is a charge for those things&quot; (guess what, she didn't) AND &quot;there is a sign in front of those items listing the prices and procedure for purchasing&quot; (You will never believe this, there wasn't). Surely, we could sort this out. Upon calling them, it was very clear this was indeed a racket. The conversation with the representative of their company was frustrating and yielded minor results. After talking as sweetly as possible and getting a rude indignant attitude in return, our bill was reduced by 50%. In my opinion the mere fact that there were willing to lower the bill is an admission that they realize this practice is absolutley unsavory and dishonest. All in all, we have never paid so much for so little. Every opportunity they get to pick your pocket, they do so.	
Sep 25 2009 	Great hotel though a little far off	We had been to Vegas 4 different times, so we knew exactly going into the trip that the Mandalay Bay, though on the strip is a little far off. However since I got comped a few free nights and got a cheap rate the others, we figured to give it a shot. We normally stay more in the middle of the strip but figured with the tram to Excalibur it shouldn't be a big deal to get to the rest of the strip. First off the check in was a breeze, I had read it takes a long time, so it might just be when we arrived but the entire process from once we walked in the door to getting the keys, took about 5 minutes max. We had a view that was overlooking the pool (I won't post pics since it was done about 80 times already) and our cousins had a view overlooking the mountains (not as nice). We did request a king size bed and were given two full/queen's, but who cares. As longs as they gave me a bed I was fine. The room is very nicely appointed and the cleaning crew did a great job getting in whenever we took the privacy sign down. We had no trouble at all getting an elevator ever. I read that this is an issue, and we stayed on the 10th floor and can't remember waiting more than 30 seconds for one. We have eaten two good meals here in the Border Grill and The Burger Bar, both were excellent and the Burger Bar might have been the best burger I ate in years. The casino was not very crowded, but they did keep the table minimum's up higher than almost any other hotel (including the Bellagio), not sure why but due to that I donated less to them than I would have, since I didn't play as long. We did have an incident at this hotel and needed to deal with security. The first person we dealt with was terrible, would barely help us and was rude. The next day the security staff was much nicer, however the first experience left a bad taste in our mouth. The location was another negative, if it's your first time in Vegas stay more in the center. Due to the heat we didn't like to walk to much so ended up taking more cabs in 3 days there than I had in all my other trips combined. If it wasn't so hot we would have just taken the tram to Excalibur and walked but it being over 100 for 2 of the 3 days made that experience an uncomfortable one. We did have an issue with our bill checking out as they comped my cousins room and not mine, and it did take them about 15 minutes to straighten it out, but they eventually did. It was an inconvenience but what can you do. As for the best part, the pool area. When we go back in warm weather months we will definitely stay at this hotel just for the pool area. We did buy two tubes at home and brought them there, and they do pump it up for free so that was a nice feature. We spent time on the lazy river and it was not crowded at all and was absolutely fantastic. I guess since school just got back in session the families stayed away. I also went to the wave pool, it was OK, nice feature but more for kids I guess. They also had two other normal pools. Overall I don't know how you can make this place better. We spent hours here and wish I could have stayed a few more days just to chill on the lazy river.Overall this is a very nice hotel, its upscale but not overly pretentious. It has some very good places to eat, it's big so there is always someplace else to explore. Is it a little far from the main part of the strip, yup, so take that into account. I would definitely stay here again during the months I could use the pool, however when it cooled off I would not just because of the location.	
Sep 25 2009 	You cannot help but be in awe of the size decor and infrastructure	I came to the Mandalay for a conference. They did not have rooms available for the night before the conference so I had gone to the Hard Rock Hotel for which I have written a review.So seeing I was jet lagged (by 9 hours) I called the Mandalay to see if they had a room available for an early check in. The receptionist said yes and I could come along. Hopped in a taxi and was there in 5 min....Vegas is small. Got to reception and it is HUGE. The desk must be about 90 feet long. I lined up and was seen to in about 10 min. People were checking out. When i got to the desk the girl said I have to leave my bags with the bell hop and check in later. I advised her about my phone call and she had to go and check and then succombed to giving me my room......somewhat begrudgingly.Room was the same size as the Hard Rock, big by international standards. Bathroom was also big with a seperate bath and shower. The toilet was in a seperate little room at the back of the bathroom. The flushing was surprising......just like an airplane.The mandalay is MASSIVE. You cannot help but stand back and just take it all in. The walkway from the Hotel to the conference center was bigger than some hotels I have stayed in.Casino floor was on a hug expanse surrounded by many restaurants, shops and even a tatoo parlor. I was tempted but not drunk enough!WIFI was $15 a day. I was a bit disappointed about that, would have liked it to be free.I had breakfast across the road at Mc Donalds as I did not want to spend $20 on a huge breakfast and also the lines to get into the restaurants were long. A Sausage and Egg McMuffen would do for me thanks. Mc Doonalds did not have free WIFI either as they do in Europe.Went to the Burger Bar for dinner. Had the sampler plate with 3 mini burgers. Sat at the bar. Value was good. The second day my room was not cleaned when I came back form the conference at about 4pm. So I called and asked them to come and service the room. Went out exploring Vegas and when I came back it was still not done. I did not bother calling again and just slept in the second bed. I like sleeping on fresh sheets!Check out was 11am but I checked out at 8am as I would have been at the conference. Unless you need a hard copy of your receipt you can check out on your TV and just leave the room.I was goign to have some packages sent to the hotel as I had done some on line shopping before my arrival. The advised me that receiving the packages is doen by the business centre and they charge $10 a package. So I had just sent them to the Hard Rock for Free. Saved me $40!Tried to use the gym during my stay but was advised that it was $20 a day even if you are a guest. That was a first. So I listed whether the gym has a hotel as NO.	
Sep 25 2009 	Love it	I have stayed at this hotel a couple times and it is always my favorite choice. The rooms are very clean and spacious. Everyone is very friendly. The bathrooms are beautiful with televisions, a bath and shower, and a seperate area for the toilet. The beds are very comfortable. The hotel has a lot of things to do inside as well. Many great places to eat. The aquarium, lots of shopping, The club RUM jungle ( one of my favorites ) The pool as a wave pool with real sand. It is always packed though but they have other pools that are relaxing. It also has a connector to the luxor, and easy walking to new york, new york and the MGM. Make sure to sign up for the players card you get a lot of great offers through the year.	
Sep 24 2009 	fantastic	i have stayed at the mandalay bay twice this year,i would fully recommend asking for an upgrade when you arrive,i bargained them down to 30 dollars a night extra both times to take a suite,if you can get a suite in THEHotel, well worth the extra money ! very clean smart hotel,some great restraunts and bars and lovely swimming pool to lounge around during the day.Despite hwat reviews said it was not far to walk to &quot;the strip&quot; and there is a free monorail avaliable between MB and the Luxor.One of the best hotels in vegas...accept no substitutes	
Sep 24 2009 	Prety good. Beautiful rooms Pool is just ok..	I got a great rate from Travelocity 2 nights plus airfare for $300. That works out to about $100 a night for a Sunday Monday stay. For that price, the room and hotel are absolutely gorgeous. The lobby and casino of this property are very elegant, well lit, and clean. My room was fabulous and might have been the cleanest I’ve stayed in for quite a while. There is no “hotel” smell in the hallways or room, no cleanser or smoke scent to be noticed any time. When you open up your door it just smells clean. For some sick reason I even went hunting for filth in the corners of the shower and under the bed and found nothing but clean accommodation. Like some other reviewers noted, the front desk is set up without ropes so you just have to pick the window to line up behind, which could be frustrating if you happen to get behind the person who has some impossible problem, while other lines are going quickly. When I did get to the desk it was quick and easy and I was offered a choice of mountain, pool, or strip view. I chose the strip view and it was great. Floor to ceiling windows offered a great view of the strip and a little of the airport. The room had nice new furniture, a giant HD flatscreen and a very comfortable new pillow top bed. For being such a nice property, I thought the pool area was a little janky. A lot of the grounds and chairs just seemed worn and run down, and there was wet towels everywhere. Both days my chair had stains and what looked like old gum on it. I’m not a big fan of the sand out there because it gets everywhere and makes a mess. There was sand in all the pools even those not near the “beach.” For those complaining about the crowds and the kids you just need to go at a different time. At 4:30 on a Monday afternoon in September, I practically had the lazy river all to myself. Drink service was good and not hideously expensive and the river and wave pool are pretty fun although the lifeguards ARE kind of jerks. Went to the buffet and it wasn’t great. Service was HORRIBLE, I was seated at a table with someone’s filthy silverware thrown across it, and I was told to just wait although there were 70 other empty tables available. Yeah its real appetizing to walk in and sit next to someone’s nasty dirty dishes right before you eat, just take me to another table!! My server left me with a used plate and empty ice tea for the WHOLE MEAL, which was particularly uncomfortable because all the meats were really over salted. Other than that the food was ok, standard buffet fare nothing noteworthy although the bagels were shamefully stale. Mirage buffet is miles above this place. All in all was an awesome stay except for the buffet and don’t expect too much from the pool. I will definitely stay here again.	
Sep 23 2009 	Beautiful hotel! Great experience!	This hotel was beautiful!! The amenities were great. This hotel was one of the best hotels on the strip, in my opinion. It's pools were by far the best offered by any hotel! It even has its own beach! The casino was great and the dealers were all very nice! The room that we were in was great! It had a flat screen TV in the room itself with a smaller one in the bathroom!! There's also a safe inside the room to place your valuables while out. The one downside is is that you are on the end of the strip, but no fear...there's a tram that takes you to luxor &amp; excalibur and then its just a short walk to MGM to catch the monorail. THe selection of restaurants are high profile but great food. There's a food court located in Luxor which is a very short walk. Starbucks located inside the hotel, whcih was nice as well as some nice shops.	
Sep 23 2009 	wouldnt recommend	Bumped to lower room class because rooms were overbooked. Any other time such an occurance would of been fine but we were on our honeymoon. Not impressed with hotel staff or friendliness.Everyone seemed emotionless or just plain rude. Checkout took 35 minutes because of incorrect charges and clerk having to check with her manager in a back room. No aplogies for any of the errors or even a concern for our inconvenience. We will not be back.	
Sep 22 2009 	Loved the Mandalay Bay!	My sister and I loved this hotel! The pool was great! There were not a lot of children around while we were there. There were a few more on the weekend, but even so, the young children are not permitted in the wave pool. There were some in the lazy river, but not enough to bother us. Oh, and don't waste your money on the tubes for the lazy iver. You don't need them. The river moves quite fast, and we enjoyed just floating down it on our own. It was great! The room was also great and was cleaned daily. Even the towels that were hung up were replaced daily. Some of the staff at the Mandalay Bay seems not eager to please the customers, but most were wonderful. You will find a couple bad ones everywhere. The front desk was very helpful and check -in and check-out were a breeze. The hotel was full, but it is so big that it didn't seem that way. We were on floor 26 and had absolutely no problems with the elevators. We ate at the buffet for breakfast, Raffles for breakfast, and Burger Bar. They were all great. We also went to the Minus 5 Club. It is a pretty new bar there where everything is made of ice - the tables, the bar, the glasses, etc. It was expensive but really fun! It was a nice break from the heat outside. The cover is $25, but that includes a mixed drink. We also loved the grounds, but the pools (wave and lazy river) were our favorites. We met a lot of people in the wave pool. It is on the end of the strip, but with the tram, you don't notice it as much. Take advantage of the fact that the tram goes to the Excalibur and the Excalibur is connected to NYNY and the MGM. It will help a lot.	
Sep 21 2009 	Met all our expectations	Will try not to repeat what's been said before about room.We had the pool side view from 23rd floor it was brill.My 9yr olds fascination with planes was also met with the peek of the runway.Why a phone in the toilet?Surely a coffee maker would be more useful.Loved how all the bottom 5 hotels are semi-joined i.e.mbay,luxor,excal.nyny and mgm.Realise we were there once schools were back but pools had only 2% kids.Can imagine things are different in the height of summer.Overall the hotel was the highlight of our USA trip and we liked being at the bottom of the strip as away from the hustle and bustle of mid strip	
Sep 21 2009	Over rated	I took my daughter to Vegas for her 21st birthday and we got an amazing deal for air and hotel. We stayed at Mandalay Bay for 7 nights. I was very disappointed with the room - the rug had 2 big stains on it, the air conditioning wasn't working properly. The room was much smaller than I anticipated. The TV was great and the bathroom area was also great. The food was expensive but very good and if you got the all you can eat buffet for a day it was well worth it. The pool area was amazing and really not that crowded.Not sure I would stay there again.	
Sep 20 2009 	Don't stay here if you want to enjoy wavepool or lazy river unless you have kids.	Hotel was very plush. Wanted to lay out by the pool and relax. Lazy river is filled with tons of children not only from mandalay bay but is the destination for many other guests with children from other hotels (non hotel guest are supposed to pay but we watched many families beg the staff and get in for free). Stayed there for 4 days and everyday pool was filled with children from 10 am to 6pm everyday. If you dont get there by 10 am you will not get a chair. There is a European pool for adults if you want to pay $20 a day (staff will try to charge you more $40??)	
Sep 20 2009 	Great Resort and Excellent SPA	I stayed at the Mandalay Bay from Sepember 13-17 2009 4 wonderful nights. I must say this resort is truly incredible. I can't wait to return. From the minute I arrived the front desk clerk was FAST he had me checked-in in about 1 minute. I had a nice room overlooking the pool and the mountains. I could see the airport too, it was a great view. The room had a flat screen tv over the dresser and a small tv in the bathroom. The king bed was so soft I never slept better. The bathroom was very very clean it has a separate shower and tub and two sinks. The room also had ample lighting, mini bar, safe, desk and a nice seating area.The Resort had the best men's spa I had ever been to. The spa featured a HOT eucalyptus steam room, dry sauna. 1 warm hot tub 2 hot tubs with water falls and one cold plunge pool. Private showers and every kind of product you needed hair spray, mouth wash, powder, soap, shave cream, razors...etc. A lot of room to spread out and enjoy. All the guys that were in the spa agreed this is the best spa in Las Vegas. They also had many kinds of juice, fruit drinks, water,and tea/coffee to enjoy in the waiting room. EXCELLENT JOB ON THE LAYOUT and well done to the friendly spa staff. I also had a great deep tissue massage for 25 min $95.00. The general spa day pass was $30.00 for use of the wet areas and gym.The pools were so much fun I believe I counted a total of 7 one belonging to the guests of the Four seasons Hotel ( on the top floors of Mandalay Bay). The wave pool and Lazy river were great the sand beach added charm to the pool area.As far as the rest of the hotel the restaurants are all expensive with the exception of the Buffet and the Cafe/Deli. If you are in need of a food court just take the FREE tram to the Luxor or the Excalibur and you then have many alternate fast places to dine. The casino is big and had a lot of slots and tables. I did not make it down to the shark reef, but I heard it was well worth it.I must say after many trips to Las Vegas Mandalay Bay now ranks up pretty high. I cant wait to return.	
Sep 20 2009 	Fantastic!!! Will return	Hotel is beautiful! Very resort like, up there with the Bellagio, Wynn, Caesars Palace, Venitian.. but at a better price. The rooms (we stayed in the 550 - is exactly what you see online) lots of space, double sinks in the bathroom, large tub, glass enclosed showers. They are trying to be green like all other hotels and will only replace your towels every three days unless you leave them on the floor then you will get new ones just like every other hotel in the world. Beds are very comfortable and the floor to ceiling windows are great, we had a view of the strip! The elevators on floors 2-12 seemed quieter than 13 and up, I guess that's because most people want to be higher up for the better view but we were on floor 12 and it was a great view! The vending machines on the hotel floors sell drinks for $2 very reasonable and there is no problem bringing them down to the pool. They will only check your bag to see if you have glass on you. We even brought our own alcohol down to the pool and ice in a cooler.  The wave pool, lazy river, hot tub and other &quot;regular&quot; pools were more than we expected! We brought our own tubes from home which they will inflate for you for free! Food at the beach was great but a little pricey, the veggie burgers are the best I've ever had. The casino was really nice and spaced out not crowded like the other hotels. It also had a nice smell to it. We got a players card and used it everywhere, every slot and every table (just give it to the dealer) and then you go back to the players desk and ask what kind of comps you can get. We only had time to use $20 for an ice cream shop that I wanted to go to, but you can pick from anything in the hotel or any that are connected to it (MGM, Excalibur, Luxor, Bellagio etc..)I could go on and on, it was a great stay and we will return!!! Oh, and use the free tram to go to Excalibur and Luxor!	
Sep 19 2009 	Where are the chairs?	We stayed two nights at the Mandalay Bay, Sept 16th-18th, as you walk into the beautiful lobby, you cannot sit for a moment to rest, there is no place to sit in the huge lobby, they want you to go sit and spend money in the casino and on food. If you want to use their ATM, the cost is $ 10 fee for a cash withdrawal between $20-50 and the fees go up from there. There are no mini-bars in the room, and a diet coke cost $ 3.00 in the gift shop. But, what got me the most was the beach and the lazy river. The beach has over 12 lifeguards in one section alone, and the lazy river, has inter-tubes you must buy for $ 25 to use. How about they have half the life guards and give free inter-tubes in the river? Every other hotel would have them for free. The hotel is not focused on the customer, only to squeeze as much money as possible out of you. If you want to go to the gym for an hour or so, that is a fee of $ 20 a day. Then, try and go up to their MIX lounge and great food establishment They say you can sit outside for dinner, but get there when it opens and know that they only have about 6 tables out there and even if you make a reservation and request outside that is not going to happen, unless you are there at 6pm when they open. The cost for dinner for four people was $ 500, we had a cheap bottle of wine. My appetizer was $ 28, and my entree was $ 48. The food was good, but not worth it, stays away. Hello, Las Vegas there is a recession on? Or not? This hotel really, &quot;nickels and dimes&quot; the customer, very bad!	
Sep 18 2009 	Great place to stay in Las Vegas	Stayed at the Mandalay Bay for 4 nights to attend a conference and spend some free time to play. This was the perfect place to stay as they had many options for meals and night life. Didn't get to use the pool, however, the spa was wonderful! The shopping was great as well as the service in the hotel and the casino. Can't wait to go back in December 2009! Keep up the great work Mandalay Bay!	
Sep 17 2009 	Best. Hotel Pool. Ever.	The Mandalay Bay Beach is why you want to go here. It is outstanding. Bodysurfing in the wave pool is so much fun! The lazy river is very fast and is fun to just float on by holding your breath - which is good, because there are no tubes available. You have to buy them at $25 for adults or $16 for kids. My advice - get some cheap ones before you come to town. Still, you can enjoy yourself without a float. If you're lucky, you might even find a chair on the beach, if you try hard enough. I always got the strange sensation that there were more towels holding empty chairs than there were people in the pools, but on the upside, the pools never felt crowded. Despite these complaints, the beach was outstanding and is a huge reason to stay at the Bay.We had a 750DR suite and loved it, it was a fantastic room. The bed was extremely comfortable, and the bathroom was nothing short of luxurious. And being upstairs from all the restaurants located on site was a nice perk, especially the in-room guide notifying guests of the excellent and better-than-expected happy hour specials, such as $7 drinks at rumjungle that some with free appetizers. (Hey, they're normally $13 drinks, and they're amazing, so I'll take what I can get.)There were only two downsides to my stay at Mandalay. First, it was LOUD, in that I could hear everybody making a racket in the hallway at all hours of the night. I can't say if that was just a fluke and we had rude, noisy neighbors, or if for all the effort they put into a luxury suite that they went cheap on the door to the room. Whatever, that's a minor complaint, just odd for such a great hotel.The second downside is the location. If you know the Strip, you know that the Mandalay is the furthest hotel away on the south end of the Strip. I'm used to walking the Strip, but it really takes a long time to walk from the Mandalay just out to NYNY and MGM. Luckily, the express tram from the hotel to that very intersection is extremely handy for this. Having a car, and the free parking in Vegas, also helped. Still, I wouldn't recommend staying here for your first time in Vegas. Stay somewhere centrally located so you can more easily access the Strip. Then when you're ready to come back and enjoy a spectacular pool, look no further than the Mandalay Bay.	
Sep 16 2009 	biggest dissapointment of our trip	have stayed in many hotels in vegas, this is my least fav, especially when in the same price bracket as mgm grand etc...location too far from anywhere, staff on the whole unhelpful and grumpycheck in 40 mins, check out 1 hour quedont even get me started on the swimming pool!! - dont sit there dont swim there go behind this blue line dont walk there dont stand to close to the edgethere was 10 life guards for 1 pool!!! i tried to relax there one afternoon i heard 18 whistles in 5 mins couldnt read my book at allvery poor indeedbuffet so solion king good and would reccomend the mix bar	
Sep 16 2009 	Very nice stay for the most part	After reading a lot of reviews of the Mandalay Bay, I was prepared for a not so pleasant experience, but that was not the case. We arrived early evening and check in went well. Our room was on the 34th floor and had a nice view of the pool. Our initial room did have some problems with cleanliness, but after a call to the front desk, we were given a different room which was acceptable. (The locks aparently were programmed from the front desk, so we did not have to go back down.) The rooms were nice, had HD on some channels. The pool, which is the reason we came, met our expectations. We brough our own tubes, which were blown up free of charge. The wave pool, while a bit lame on the &quot;wave&quot; part, was satisfactorally deep to actually swim, the side pools were nice for relaxing, and the lazy river was great to just chill. We must have picked a good weekend as the crowds were less than what we anticipated and that was confirmed by the staff that lines and crowded conditions are not unusual. We rented a gazeebo one day, and at $300 was expensive, was worth it as our splurge for the weekend. We were able to lay our for a while, then sit in the shade. The service was good with staff coming by at good intervals to check on us. Be wary of ordereing water at the pool - $8/bottle. There are water coolers at a couple locations, but not easily noticable. We did not try any &quot;signature&quot; restaurants, so can't comment on those. Yes, it is on the far end of the strip, but a quick tram to the Excalibur and a walk across the street to the MGM had us by the Deuce, so getting anywhere was not difficult. We would stay there again, if our desire is for a good pool.	
Sep 13 2009 	Great hotel with mostly great service	Stayed at the Mandalay Bay for four nights after Labor Day. Was relatively quiet midweek.We had a reservation for a 750GR smoking. When we checked in soon after 4PM, there were no smoking rooms available, so they gave us a room on a nonsmoking floor that they would have to &quot;deepclean&quot; after our visit. Although there was a strong smell of smoke even on our floor. Floor to ceiling windows with a view of the Strip. Spectacular!! Our only tthree complaints were the noise of the suite next to us which we called about finally and the noise shut off soon after. Really not the hotel's fault when Duran Duran is blaring at 3AM! We went to the concierge desk twice to ask about transportation options and also to ask where the business center was to print our boarding passes for the trip back. Both times the staff seemed to be bothered by the intrusion and gave misleading or false information. Also, our room was not cleaned one day. I called to housekeeping for more towels and told them about this, but we did not get a cleaning at all or even an apology when we had been out most of the late morning/afternoon .Stripsteak, one of the high end restaurants, is average at best, certainly not worth the price. Lots of cocktail waitresses on the casino floor for free drinks. The best part is that we won our trip costs back in the casino just playing slots. Join the Players Club. It is linked to lots of casinos on the strip.We were told that some of our charges would be covered by the club, but nothing happened. Will contact customer service to find out what happened. Great beach area with a topless pool that is totally separate from the main pool which has a wave machine. Lazy River is great,also.	
Sep 13 2009 	enjoyed it a lot	we've recently spent two nights at the Mb hotel in Vegas. Being it my birthday, we booked as a gift a suite with whirpool. we have been placed at the very top floor and had a nice view of the strip.our room was very big, with a king bed, a bathroom that's twice the size the one i have at home, a big hall with a table and a sofa. We fpound it to be fairly clean. The downsize is that you can't put anything in the fridge because it's only made as a minibar from which you take things.the service we experienced was good, all went well both with the valet parking and the luggage ande the room. I've read some reviews of people who were &quot;burglared&quot; in their rooms so we've been extra careful with valuables and luggage. The hotel is located at the very beginning of the strip, which makes it quieter but which also mimplies that you'll have to walk a lot to get to, say, the Venetian.The hotel is huge. It features a casino, two spas, a stunning pool/beach area with serveral pools, various shops and restaurants and an acquarium.I have to say it's overcrowded, especially families with children, and actually it feels like the hotel aims at this very target. The pool area is packed with people. We didn't really care because we've only been there for one day and a half and I spent a whole morning at the spa, but if you want to spend your time sunbathing then you'd better hurry up.I would come back to this hotel anyway, because we struck a very good deal with the room and found the environment to be fine.	
Sep 12 2009 	Dirty expensive go somewhere else	This was my husband and I's first trip to Las Vegas. We we're excited about Mandalay Bay as we had heard good things about it. Not so. Our room was dirty with dust, the carpet was stained and greasy feeling, and the bed spread was dusty with a greasy feel also. Our sheets had black spots all over them and one pillow had what appeared to be dry sperm or snot on it. Luckily my husband and I had our own bedding (not a bad practice to get into). The bedding and pillow was not changed the entire time we were there. The bathroom was very clean. My only complaint there is the maid left the dirty towels on the floor one day. She did leave clean ones, so I didn't understand the reason the dirty ones were left behind. The view was of the mountains and very pretty. The windows though were filthy. Most of the staff acted as if they were doing you a favor and many were just grumpy. This hotel was disappointing in so many ways. Be careful with express checkout....a week later I'm still waiting to receive my final bill via email. I have no clue what my final charges were at this point. The only positive experience was the gentleman who took care of packing and shipping my box of shopping items home. And yes, everything arrived safe and sound. Too bad the hotel didn't have more staff like him. Casino note: We sat for over a half hour as a siren and light went off on our machine waiting for someone to come over for the pay out. My husband went and tracked someone down twice and they promised to be right over....neither of them were the one who showed up. I will say the slots seemed looser compared to the other casinos.	
Sep 12 2009 	Excellent Stay	I've seen the Mandalay Bay get bad reviews here, some for staff issues but we had an issue come up during our visit that showed me the quality of staff in the hotel. Our door handle became loose during our stay making it difficult to get into the room. We reported it and went to breakfast. By the time we got back the engineer was there not only fixing the door handle but surveying the whole room to see if there were any other problems, plus asking us if we had any other issues. Very nice man. Unfortunately later it turned out that not only was the handle a problem but in the meantime the reader went out so we could not get back into the room after the handle was fixed (double whammy!). A maid let us in, we called down for a new door &quot;key&quot;, one was brought up within minutes by the bellhop, he tried the keys to make sure they worked before he left but they didn't, again very nice staff member. He called the engineer back who arrived in less than 5 minutes, full of apologies. Turned out the reader was dead and the whole thing needed replacing which he did in less than 10 minutes. Once again, he went through the room to make sure nothing else was wrong. Maid service was outstanding, took excellent care of our room everyday, nice folks. Loved eating at the House of Blues for breakfast (use the 2 for 1 coupon in the Las Vegas booklet, once you do that you can use your receipt and come back the next morning for the same deal!!). They have a very friendly staff, right on top of what we needed. Look for Jason in the gift shop, he has an excellent career ahead for him, get with people.The only advice I have is to book a room higher up. If you are on the lower levels catching an elevator at certain times of the day could be a challenge as they fill up. We were on 30 and that was just fine.Loved the pool complex, great place to just be lazy. We would stay here again.	
Sep 12 2009 	More like a cruise ship than a Hotel	While we enjoyed our stay here, we have to say it was built with the idea of a guest never leaving in mind (like a cruise ship). There are multiple restaurants on site as well as spas and salons and a wedding chapel. They want you to stay and spend your money there! The rooms weren't sparkling clean, but we had no problems getting clean towels as other reviews have said. We kept our &quot;recuperating&quot; sign on the door to keep the hotel service out in the first 24 hours and they actually called to ask if we needed new towels. The hotel staff seemed friendly enough to us, but we went during the week. The only problem we had was at Raffles Cafe. While the food is good the service is horrible! We went twice and the first time, our waiter was just rude. The second time, one of the hostesses had to take our drink order and bring us the bread. They did this after they noticed no waiters had after 15 min!! And there was one standing right by our table the whole time, but he was only paying attention to the 5 golfers at the next table. I guess he wanted the guarantee of the bigger tip, so we got up and left. The buffet food isn't great, it's expensive, it can get packed, and there's no designated start/end to the lines, but the table service is much much better at the buffet.Also, there's a McDonalds right across the street for a quick and cheap bite.The Border Grill was good, but if you just wanting an enchilada or some fajitas, you won't get it here. It's more traditional or experimental mexican food and not what we Americans are familiar with. Their menu also wasn't descriptive enough to know what you were getting when you ordered something, but their pomegranite margarita was pretty good.The casino was relatively clean, but it smelled like a mix of smoke and a pina colada most of the time. I guess that's a scent they pipe in.Also, if you plan to take the tram, beware, it closes down at about 11 although the hours aren't posted anywhere. If you're exhausted at midnight and looking forward to taking the tram back to the hotel, you'll be disappointed and will have to walk back.And if you have the money (about $100 a person) check out the House of Blues Foundation Room for a great view of the city and great food!! It's on the top floor and the entrance is right across from the elevators. Online reviews say this is a private club, but we had no problems getting a reservation. The staff at the Foundation room was also the friendliest. They invited us to explore their place and get lost if we wanted to! It was probably one of the best times we had there.Note, we went during the week so that is probably why we got better service out of the staff. Less people during the week means less drunks running around messing up the room or less people being rude to the staff but expecting to have their butts kissed in return!!! Our only problem was Raffles Cafe!!	
Sep 11 2009 	One Of The Worst On The Strip..... Very Overcrowded	On arrival had to wait 30 mins to check in despite having over 15 desks openReception Staff very helpful, should have stayed 3 nights - but after the first few hours we decided to only stay the one and move to another hotel offering the same rate.Pool area = have 3 swimming pools to choose from - but on the day we arrived only one pool was open and there wasn't an unnoccupied sunbed to be found.Laxzy River - Watch out - you have to buy a ring to use it.This hotel is at the end of the strip Never again here - unless it's only 1/2 full!	
Sep 9 2009 	Must go here again soon....the wave pool is calling!	Second stay here - hands down my favorite in Vegas. We've stayed at the Bellagio (used to be my fave), MGM, Mirage, Hilton and ewww the Stratosphere. Mandalay Bay is worth every penny.The rooms are decorated nicely, good amount of space, the bathrooms are delectable. They have a seperate toilet, shower and soaking tub!!The wave pool is a lot of fun. I can only do so much laying by the pool reading and drinking...So this pool provides the activity I need. The sand is a nice added touch too. Decent selection of restaurants on site and in the connected Mandalay Place. There are 2 Starbucks and a decently priced burger place - Burger Bar. Another added plus - There is a Lush store in Mandalay Place. Go there, buy a 5 dollar bath bomb and enjoy your soaking tub!!The spa is also my favorite in Vegas. It's 30 bucks for a day pass and it's well worth it. You can come and go and relax for hours on end.Two words - Do it.	
Sep 4 2009 	Disappointed but had a great time anyway.	My husband and I spent 5 days at Mandalay Bay recently and I was so excited since we go to Las Vegas often and I've always wanted to stay there. The room was great but we were only on the 4th floor so no view. What view we did have was of the roof and airport. I noticed the last day we were there that there was a dead bird and rat on the roof. I really hadn't spent much time looking out the window since I knew there wasn't much view. On the second night my husband stepped on a piece of glass in the bathroom and cut his foot. We hadn't broke any glasses so we think maybe the maid accidently dropped a glass and broke it and didn't clean it well enough. It's a beautiful hotel and the beach was great. But we probably won't stay there again. we were disappointed in the maid service and at check out when I mentioned the dead animals and the broken glass. The only thing they did was comp us $50.00. I guess better than nothing.  We'll probably stay closer to midstrip next time. Since it is really far to walk from Mandalay Bay.	
Sep 1 2009 	Great Hotel for the price but watch out for all the extras.	The Good,The Bad and The Ugly.The Good.Classy hotel located at the South End of The Strip with easy access to the Luxor and MGM Grand. Very polite and efficient Staff. Good bedrooms / Bathrooms, some with pool view, some with Strip view. Rest rooms, lounge areas, Casino always pristine. No tacky themes outside the hotel like others which draw in huge crowds. Best pools on The Strip.The Bad.Rooms have intrconnecting doors which prove to be noisy, as are the corridors with people returning from the Casino at all hours with little regard for others.The Ugly.Whatever deal you strike for room rates ( which can be very competitive and reasonable) watch out for the extras. Drinks at the pool area $8.00 for 1Litre of water, $8.00 for half pint of beer. $16.00 for an omlette and 10 bucks for a burger.Any thoughts of taking your own will be thwarted at the turnstiles, where all bags are searched for food and drink.The pool is advertised as having a wave machine on the Beach that would allow for board riders to surf the waves. Don't hold your breath. Because of insurance issues, the waves are no bigger than a giant ripple, with 8 lifeguards with whistles telling you when to swim, when to surf, when to get out, when to get in,walk,don't walk etc etc.Get there early, people start queing at 8am for the best spots.	
Sep 1 2009 	Unique luxury and breathtaking	Wow..After staying at the new modern Wynn we did not expect so much from this unique 5 star hotel. Mandalay Bay I must admit is the best Hotel in Vegas.The rooms are spacious and very well designed. The hotel has wonderfull interior, very well airconditioned and beautyful planned corridors with at least 3 guest beach pools. Yes, this was amazing experience. And we get also very good deal..!!!The best trip ever !	
Sep 1 2009 	Dangerously overcrowded	Fantastic pool area but far too overcrowded. Our stay here was an ordeal. Ridiculous queues for the lifts, grid lock as we tried to drive into the foyer area, told where to stand in wave pool. Extra charges for gym. Place had a rip off feel and guests' comfort and happiness a low priority.Good points - Strip view from room was unbeatable, room good and South Strip location and hotel suitable for families.But TOO BUSY	
Aug 31 2009 	Good getaway	Love, love, love this hotel! This was our second time here so we really enjoyed the updated rooms!	
Aug 29 2009 	They should install mini-slots that pay off in candy.	They Should call it &quot;Little Mandalay&quot;. I was appalled at how many times my feet were rolled over by strollers. My main goal this trip was to sit by the pool and relax, but there were HUNDREDS of families so there wasn't a moment of silence to be had. Kids were rolling their 4ft in diameter inner tubes through the casino floor, down the hallways, and even into the restaurants, which are still good. Needless to say, the high roller section was empty, as they have moved on. If they want this as a family resort, they should warn us big kids beforehand, so we can go to the Wynn, which costs more but has not been taken over. This is what happens when a business gets desperate. If you still want to go here go only on Tuesday and Wednesday nights, that seems to be the window when the families won;t be there. But I think us big kids know not to come back at all.	
Aug 28 2009 	We loved it	I as a little shocked to read the reviews on the Mandalay Bay as when I stayed there after they opened I was impressed.Well the Bay didn't let me down. We loved it!  The pool was a highlite of our trip, we spend part of 4 different days at the pool. NEVER had a problem getting a chair in just the right area for us. I have seen others on trip advisor complain about not getting a chair. My guess is they came to the beach part of the pool at about 1:00pm when everyone else did. Yes, it was crowded then. Over 21, the bay had an adults only section which would get you a nice chair and no children. The wave pool rocked, actually it threw you all over the place. My 17 year old spent most of the time by the pool body surfing. Service around the beach was top notch and the many life guards were friendly and helpful to everyone. Our room could have used a better view but I guess thats the way it goes. I had a tiny view of the strip, airport and mts on the 30th floorThe room was wonderful! Great beds. Clean and very comfortable with great housekeeping services who were attentive to every need. Large bathroom with glass shower, soaking tub and small flat screen tv.Food was great in the restaurants within the hotel. We really liked the noodle shop.We noticed a number of hollywood stars walking around the hotel without body guards.Not sure where all the other complaints come in because our stay was number #1.Oh yes, make sure you see The Lion King. You won't be sorry!	
Aug 28 2009 	Nice Hotel	We stayed two nights in August with our kids(ages 13 and 11). The room was nice, clean, beds comfortable, huge bathroom. I thought it was a nice room but not huge or plush. Quiet at night, lots of families at this hotel and pool area. Rate from hotel website was great and included coupons for discount at House of Blues and Beach Bar for food. We loved the wave pool and lazy river. We were always able to bet lounge chairs-it was somewhat crowded but not crazy(we were there during the week). Plus, we were in the pool most of the time anyway. Hotel staff was great. We requested items from housekeeping twice-both times were delived within 10-15 minutes, with followup calls to make sure we got them. Only thing we didn't like was the location at the end of the strip, but we bought passes for the Deuce bus which worked great. Also-breakfast at House of Blues was great, lunch at Beach Bar was so-so, and dinner at RumJungle was very good and fun.	
Aug 28 2009 	Top notch hotel	We found this hotel to be great. We had a room on floor 32 with a view of the runway, this didn't bother us because there was still plenty to see from up there. The room was excellent, clean, spacious with a great sized bathroom. We had no problems with the lifts but we did understand that at certain times of the day they were busy, breakfast and tea times. We used to play guess which lift would come first !!!!! The wave pool and lazy river were great fun. We spent quite a few hours watching people rolling around in the water having tonnes of fun. The beach was a great place to chill away from all the fantastic shopping !!!!! To say the hotel is SO big there never seemed to be hundreds of people about, it was busiest around the pool. We had one incident with some young lads in the room next door with the partying and loud music. We politely asked them to turn it down ( and were no bores) but nothing was done so i called reception. They sent security up within 10 minutes and said the noise level was not acceptable and told them the hotel has a 3 strike policy. The hotel dealt with the situation really well. In a nut shell we had a great time at the Mandalay Bay and would go back as soon as we've saved up !!!!	
Aug 27 2009 	Mandalay Bay With Kids - Great!	Beware - This review will focus on the kid stuff. Went to MB August 24-August 27 with husband and 7 year old son. I selected this hotel primarily because it is a luxury hotel witha great price for food included. All of the complaints mentioned by others did not materialize for me. Elevators were fine, furniture/room in top notch shape and staff were pleasant. Check in was a breeze at 1:00 pm on a Monday. It did look very busy at other times. We stayed on the top floor 34th level. We had the $129 special per night room (2 adults) with the all you can eat buffet. Note - Children over 4 must pay $35+tax for breakfast/lunch/dinner deal. Hotel is beautiful and pool is great. Food options will be pricey if you do not buy the $35 buffet deal. FYI - They charge for a fridge in the room - you can not just use the bar fridge. Lobby and room very nice. Beds comfy. TV channels limited - only Nick for kids, no other channels for the kids. Otherwise, take the monorail to Excaliber/NY NY next door and plenty of cheap options. Ny Ny has Coney Island hot dogs, soft pretzels, Jodi Maroni's sausage, good Jewish Delis and good NY pizza. BTW - Tram is not stopping at Luxor at this time. Subway Sandwich is located across the street as well. Reef Aquarium too pricey for me $15 for kids $18 for adults. Check Goldstar Events website for cheap show tickets. Saw Dirk Arthur Magic Show at 4:00pm at the Tropicana. It was fine for the kids. Kind of a low budget production, but for $17 on Goldstar Events website, it was a great deal. Tropicana is very run down - kind of sad as it was really great in the old days. ** Purchase the round tube floaty for lazy river before arriving at hotel if possible. Kind of amazing that they charge $25 to purchase a plastic float that costs .50 cents to make. I purchased mine at Target for $6.00 each before our trip. Ok, my only complaint is that they should not allow people without floats into the lazy river. Other hotels have a strict policy - everyone in lazy river must have a tube float. It is a bit annoying trying to avoid knocking into all of these people. There are 3 large gorgous pools and I don't know why everyone goes in the lazy river. I knocked into a grandma and she looked at me in a ticked off manner. Lazy rivers are designed for tube floating not swimmers. Wave pool was fun - son enjoyed it. I was always able to get chairs at pool. I went at 12 noon and 3pm. Gameworks next to M&amp;M factory is great for the kids, very good arcade - a step above the average. Good for an evening out with the kids. Circus Circus is very far, you will need to take a cab or drive. It is good for the kids, pretty old and dumpy but the kids love it. Walgreens and CVS not too far, you can reach via monorail and a 2 block walk to get snacks. Rainforest Cafe in MGM (also reachable via monorail) great for the kids. Check website for menu. Work out room in hotel is $20 per day. Internet is $15 per day. But, there is no resort fee so that is a plus. The Summer heat is very rough. Think true desert! Even at 9pm we were sweating it was 90 degrees with no breeze. Keep this in mind. Streets tend to be empty during the day. Weather is intolerable.	
Aug 27 2009 	Nice facility - slow service - mediocre location	Really nice rooms - clean, well appointed and very comfortable. The service is excruciatingly slow - check in takes forever (even for just one person). I got up early and needed a shaving razor - the shop was closed so I asked at the front desk. They told me that they would have housekeeping bring it right away - 90 minutes later it arrived. The standard room service delivery time is an hour (I ordered twice). I had a GREAT massage and pedicure in the spa and used the work out facility. The pool is SPECTACULAR! (for some, the pool might be worth the trip to Mandalay Bay. It's at the end of the strip past Luxor and is a little too far to walk around - but an easy cab ride. I was a little put off by the door men who were pretty forward about letting me know that in order to store my luggage I needed to tip when I dropped off the bags and also when I picked them up (I usually tip only when I pick up... I must be doing it wrong) .. that was a little off putting but I understand they just need to make a living like the rest of us	
Aug 27 2009 	We really liked this hotel on the 2nd attempt...	In May of 2008, we went to Las Vegas and were booked to stay at Mandalay Bay. We plan our trips far in advance due to our work schedules. Upon arrival, after a 4 hour flight, we arrive at Mandalay Bay. A teenager with no identifying information stops us as we enter, asks us our names and directs us to another desk. The clerk then tells us they are overbooked and we are going to the MGM. So, I asked her, &quot; Are you asking us to move or are you telling us we can't stay here?&quot; She said, &quot;You can't stay here.&quot; So, with my detailed notes in hand, I wrote a letter upon my return to the MGM CEO with the clerk's name and our experience. MGM owns almost every hotel on the strip. We did not want to stay at the MGM. We go to LV 1-2 times per year at least and we pick what hotel we want to vacation in each year. At no time in the 6 months since we booked did Mandalay Bay call and tell us they were overbooked. We would have stayed somewhere else or they at least could have given us a choice of where to stay at one of their several hotels rather than the MGM. Nothing like having your vacation decided for you upon arrival!However, there is a good side to this story. The MGM CEO responded to my (polite) letter about our May 2008 vacation and offered us a free 3 day stay at Mandalay Bay. They totally redeemed themselves. Not because it was free, but because we asked for nothing and they responded promptly, apologized AND offered us a free hotel for three nights. Impressive, really. We simply wanted to make them aware of the poor service. On our return trip to Mandalay Bay, we had a VIP check in (delightful) and a gorgeous room overlooking the strip. The room was gorgeous. @ flat screen tv's. One huge one by the bed and one smaller one in the bathroom, which was great when getting ready. More hotels need to do that. The hotel staff and the hotel itself were lovely to us the second go around.We will definitely stay here again. It was a class operation the 2nd time around. However, should you ever be bumped, take notes of employee names and conversations. Any reputable business would want to at least know if their customers were being treated poorly.We love their casino. It is one of our favorites. Do go to the Gospel Brunch at The House of Blues. I love their Eggs Benedict. Good prices, lots of food. We also love the Burger Bar, owned by Chef Hubert Keller. A great, upscale burger joint that LV needs more of. They also have a great Mexican restaurant owned by 2 Food Network chefs. The name escapes me, but it is in the hotel and it was great. It overlooks the pool's waterway (where people lazily tube downstream) and &quot;beach&quot;.	
Aug 26 2009 	Fabulous Hotel	This was a great hotel. It was super clean, the views were spectacular, the pool was amazing! The only complaints I have were that the walls are paper thin &amp; that the elevators were always super full! But, other than that--it was an amazing hotel. I even had a slot maching take $20 (twice) &amp; I just pushed the service button &amp; someone came to help me within a few minutes. The rooms were the cleanest I'd ever been in &amp; the bed was super comfy. Also, the location is not the greatest, especially when the tram is broken. But, other than that, amazing hotel!	
Aug 25 2009 	Great stay with minor hiccups	In general I was very happy with MB, public spaces are nicely decorated and the layout was good for such a large facility. Check in was quick and smooth. Room was OK size and it was in good condition, no complaints at all. I would definitely stay again.We ate at Raffles Cafe twice, the breakfast was definitely worth. Drinks at the Mix is also highly recommended.On to the hiccups: Elevators were definitely slow. We figured out that getting on the casino level can take forever. However, if you go down to the pool level, you are bound to get to your room much quicker. Elevators seemed to be a bit confused at times and they simply passed the casino level, even though we knew there were dozens of people waiting.There are a lot of kids at MB, and a lot of them were still milling about after midnight. The pool area is very crowded with families. We ended up going up to Moorea Beach Club and paying for entrance, but it was definitely worth it.	
Aug 24 2009 	nice place but understaffed	Nice spacious room with comfy bed and sitting/work area... though window sills and chair rails were a bit dusty and bathroom was poorly ventilated. TV in the bathroom was a nice touch but a remote control would have been nice so you could switch channels from the tub. Check in at 8pm friday night was a breeze- no wait at all...only 3 check in lines open but more weren't needed at that time. However we saw long lines at other times and still only 3-4 check in lines open.Elevators were insane. Seemed like only 1 was running at a time. We were on the 5th floor and trying to catch a ride down we would have to wait for 3 or 4 cars as they were all jam packed full of people going down. I wondered if they are trying to save money by running less cars?Escalators all over MB and most other MGM properties were either all broken or turned off the whole weekend we were there...again I wondered if these were cost cutting measures, or if they are just saving by not fixing broken stuff?Pool was nice but was extremely crowded for an overcast day...I hate to think what it would have been like if it had been a nice sunny day. We went midmorning and couldn't find a chair for 30 minutes. Never did find the lazy river but when I saw that inner tubes were for sale for $26, not rentals so I decided to skip that. Buffet had a huge wait line but lots of empty seats inside, seems they didn't have enough people to clear tables or seat guests...understaffed?All in all a nice stay with a few minor drawbacks. Like everything else it seems they are cutting corners due to the economy and its apparent. But for the deals they have its well worth the inconvenience of having to wait for an elevator for a stay in a nice room.	
Aug 24 2009 	Mandalay Bay still a very nice Las Vegas stay	My wife and I were married at Mandalay Bay's chapel 5 years ago last April. While we've been back to LV 4 times since and checked out other properties, we decided to go back to MB for our 5th trip to LV together. We still liked it very much. We arrived at the hotel around noon on a Saturday and there were no lines at all. We got right into our room and by 1:00 were ready to go to the pool. Tip (though probably no surprise): Don't expect to find many empty lounge chairs at the pool around 1 or 2 o'clock. We couldn't find anything so we went back to our room to unpack. We tried again around 3:00 and found a couple chairs and were able to enjoy some sun for a while. The main pool opens at 8:00 am, and a line can form for the early birds wanting in. But after the initial rush of people there are still plenty of chairs up to about 10:00. If you like buffet dining I noticed a trend many of the hotels seem to be going to: A fixed price for all 3 meals of the day that is MUCH lower than if bought separately. At Mandalay Bay, for $35 you could get a ticket to breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Separately they cost $16, $20, and $26, so even if you eat breakfast and lunch only it's still worth getting....it's like getting dinner (the most expensive meal) for free. If you're like me, I eat a big breakfast and then a snack later and then dinner. Even just breakfast and dinner would be $42, so if a large lunch isn't desired you can still just pop in for a drink and a dessert, say. A similar deal was $30 at the Luxor and, if I remember correctly, $35 at MGM, too. That did help us save on food costs, because almost all the other non-buffet eateries can really get expensive. Another tip, if you want to get away from the buffet: Red, White, and Blue has nice sandwiches that are HUGE and should be a good lunch for two. Order just one sandwich (around $12) and split it. We also had a pasta dish one evening that was plenty for two that we shared. Last food item: The rodizio meat all-you-can-eat dinner at RumJungle for $34 was terrific and easily worth the price. An almost exact dinner at the Mirage's &quot;Samba&quot; was $40 when I was there last summer, and RumJungle's was easily just as good. Enough on the food. The hotel seemed fine to us and our room seemed quite clean. We enjoyed our trip back to Mandalay Bay and will probably stay there again when we return to Las Vegas next summer.	
Aug 24 2009 	Fantastic pool	My 14 year old son chose this hotel because of the pool, and he wasn't disappointed. The lazy river is great - it moves pretty fast, and the optional tubes weren't too expensive. The wave pool is fine. I'm interested to see other reviewers said it used to be dramatic. It's a pity it was cut back - they seemed very concerned that everyone stood in exactly the right place, although the waves were pretty small. The pool area is busy. There were no chairs available when we got there, but there are sandy areas where you can put a towel. There is also an adult only pool so you can escape the kids.The hotel is huge and a bit impersonal. We didn't see any staff after check-in, but then we didn't need to. The room was great - no problems with tired decor or lack of cleanliness referred to by other reviewers. We were on a low floor (don't like heights) so maybe they don't get as much use. There was lots of room, with two large beds and two TVs - my son wanted to take a bath just to watch the TV in the bathroom. The toilet was separate. Everything was spotless. My only complaint was that it was a bit dark. Hotels everywhere have replaced old type bulbs with CFLs, and ignored the fact that the light isn't as good. The Mandalay needs to add some more lights. It would be very difficult to work here. The casino wasn't very busy, but typically huge. It was at least a 10 min walk from the main lobby to the convention centre and the aquarium. We There is a free monorail to the Luxor (down at end of July) and Excalibur, which is a short walk to the MGM where you can take the regular monorail (1 day ticket is good value). The monorail runs behind the strip, so good for getting places, but not for sight seeing from the train. There is also a poorly signposted walkway between Mandalay and the Luxor, useful as the free monorail stops around 10.30 pm.The Mandalay is right at the south end of the strip, obvious as soon as the plane lands. It is a very nice hotel, but for future visits I think we'd like somewhere a bit more &quot;tacky&quot; and less low key (Paris and New York, New York look the part).	
Aug 22 2009 	Nice pool -- Meals were quite terrible	We drove to Vegas from So. Cal in order to take advantage of good flight on regional carrier to MidWest and stayed at MB for 2 nights. We really enjoyed the pool. My kids were too short for the wave pool, but really I think they could've been in the wave pool because it was quite tame (no big waves at all). They had a toddler pool next to the wave pool that the kids enjoyed. But what we really enjoyed was the lazy river which really goes at a nice clip. We didn't use inflatables and still had a great time. Stayed in it for hours. I recommend pool shoes as I cut my big toes on the bottom while helping my daughter with the current.We ate b-fast at Raffles and found the specilaty pancakes to be a bit dry and overpriced. We made a large mistake eating at Georgios where we ordered an olive pizza that was so salty it was unpalatable. The wait staff didn't even care when we didn't touch it and left it on the table. I find people interested in service actively ask stuff about your experience, but it cost us a lot to eat there and they didn't seem to care. Self parking was a little hard to figure out. We wanted to do valet parking but it really was busy and they didn't have room in the check in area to help us, so I went to self parking which you have to go around a few corners to find. But once we figured out where to go through the casino to get to parking it was convenient.We did the aquarium which was fun and the kids enjoyed the hands-on parts but besides the pool, there wasn't anything for the kids to do. We drove down to Circus Circus where we spent way too much money on the carnival games. Our room at MB was fine with two queen beds on the 34th floor. No real trouble with elevators and our view of the Vegas airport was awesome. We enjoyed seeing all the traffic helicopters take off and planes come in. We could also see the pool areas.In sum, we really don't like taking our kids to Vegas because of too much cigarette smoke and body art, etc, etc, but we had to to catch an early AM flight.If you don't have kids, I think you will have about a good a time as any of the hotels on the strip. People who rented cabanas by the pool seemed to enjoy the fact that they could get out of the sun. Most people seemed to have a great time and they have lots of interesting bars/restaurants as do all the major hotels. But, skip the pizza. Gross!	
Aug 21 2009 	Mandalay Bay--The New Disneyland!	We stayed at Mandalay Bay from Sunday, 8-16-09 to Friday, 8-21-09. I, my wife and two kids (8 and 4) had the 550 sq foot room on the 34th floor with a view of the pools. We paid $89.99 per night for 5 nights. I believe it was hot summer nights promotion we received via email from the MGM Mirage Corp. The room had 2 very comfortable queen beds, 3 phones (one next to toilet, one next to the beds, and a cordless phone on the desk), 2 flat screen tvs (42” Phillips in the room and smaller one in the bathroom). This is their standard room which to us seemed like a suite! Good luck finding a standard room with 2 queen beds in another hotel. Most have 2 double/full size beds in their basic rooms.Housekeeping: Our room was made up each day sometime between 1:00pm and 3:00pm. No problems with the housekeeping service at all.Pools: Probably the best pools in Vegas and I have stayed at most of the major hotels in the last 10 years. Make sure to bring your own intertube/float for the “lazy river” because it will cost you 20-30 bucks to purchase one on site. If you bring a child who is at or slightly above 48”, make sure to have one of the lifeguards put a wrist band on the child. Height requirement for the wave pool is 48” and there are no intertubes/floats allowed in the wave pool. Many of the reviews on here have stated the wave pool is overrated. Well, if you are expecting to use a boogie board (sp?) or surf board, you need to go to the ocean instead of the Mandalay Bay pools. Yes the waves come about every 2 minutes or so. The lifeguards are strict in the wave pool, but it’s for our safety and the hotel’s liability. My children loved the pools and can’t wait to visit again. Those of you looking for some quiet R&amp;R need to look for a different pool at a different hotel. Parents and children were everywhere. The pools were open from 8 AM to 7 PM. You must get to the pools at 8 AM to find the lawn chairs of your choice, otherwise good luck finding one until the late afternoon. We brought our own bottled water with us into the pool area, but you cannot bring any cans, glass bottles, or food.Elevators: There has been much discussion on here regarding the elevators. It seemed like the elevators for floors 17-34 were much busier than elevators for floors 2-16. Depending on the time of day, the elevators could be fast or slow. Between 4 pm and 7 pm is busy because people are leaving the pool area to return to their rooms, also many people are going to dinner. Other reviewers on trip advisor mention 15-20 minute wait times, but we did not experience anything that long.Lobby/Check-in/Check-out: When you enter the lobby there is a nice scent which you don’t get at other hotels. Check in was long for us, but that’s because some guy had all kinds of issues which held up the line. Not the hotels fault, I just chose the wrong line to check in. All of the others lines were moving quickly. Check out was a breeze. Used the video tv checkout in our room, called for the bell desk guy to come get our 7 bags, he arrived within minutes of calling.Casino: I played penny slots, nickel slots and single deck blackjack ($15 minimum) and had good success in all areas. Won enough money to pay for a nice dinner at rum jungle for entire family! Make sure to sign up for the MGM Mirage Players Club, if you haven’t already, so you can get even more perks. The Casino was spacious and not crowded. Yes, all the action is in the middle of the Strip, but I liked being away from the masses at the south end of the Strip where MB is located.Problems: The Deli in the Sports Book area does NOT sell food to children! The sports book is considered a gaming area and I couldn’t buy food &quot;to go&quot; for me and my family. Maybe if it was just me purchasing food at the deli with no other family members in sight, they might have sold me some food. It was late and we were in a hurry to get some food so we tried this deli. Ended up going to Raffles Café instead.In conclusion, my family had a fantastic stay and will be staying here again during our next trip to Vegas! Mandalay Bay is the new Disneyland, so I suggest adult couples stay elsewhere in Vegas if you really can’t stand kids.	
Aug 19 2009 	Dirty rooms Valet rip offs	Just got back, and read reviews and confirmed what we learned. Rooms were dirty shower yuk! Tipped valet only to get ripped off for 250.00 plus of stuff in our car. Wave pool lame lazy river crowded but cute.	
Aug 19 2009 	Nice staff; very disappointing facility	The staff are terrific- fun and friendly- very responsive to issues and concerns.Sometimes there are great rates available that would make many issues bearable.We have stayed at Mandalay Bay many times over the years- the first being when our now 13 year old was just a toddler.While spacious, our rooms( a single room and a two bedroom suite) were tired, have stained furniture and have issues with heat control, plumbing and light failures. Though staff tried to help with each issue we left after two of a planned five night stay. As we left the AC unit on our floor was being repaired.Everything is a bit tatty from the condition of the rooms, lounge chairs and public spaces to the way over crowded pool area.Most frustrating and disappointing, given that we had our teens with us, is the hotels decision to make the wave pool basically into a ripple pool. When we first went to Mandalay Bay they had actually had surfing competitions in the wave pool. Now it's dull and boring- kept our kids entertained for about 15 minutes.We spoke with a bellman and he said the hotel had to turn it all down due to litigious people. Please- if you can't handle the risk/fun ratio just don't enter the pool. It's these people who spoil everything for others.Another thought would be that the hotel turns up the wave action during certain posted hours and only certain ages can participate.It's very frustrating to travel to newer hotels nowadays when the pools are just glorified wading pools.Adding one more issue- while getting ice-cream at the stand just before the pool exit a large wall tile just fell off the wall and landed on an adult foot. Just a bruise for an adult but a potential issue for a toddler. The whole place needs an upgrade/facelift.All in all a disappointing stay despite the very helpful, friendly,staff.	
Aug 18 2009 	Wonderful hotel but rooms are a little tired.	Our family stayed at the MB Aug 11th and 12th. We brought our 4 kids with us age15,12,8, and 4. We stayed in the x2 suite. Check in was a breeze less than mins or so. First impression was a little disappointing as the outside of the double doors into our suite were dirty with handprints or food or something. The room itself was very spacious 2 bedrooms and two baths with a living area in between. Both bathrooms smelled of urine, unfortunately. I got clorox wipes and cleaned the toilets and floors around the base of the toilet myself. There were some leftover pieces of streamers still taped to the ceiling from the previous guests. Also at the dining room table there were only 3 chairs instead of 4. The beds were well made and comfy. The furniture was quite worn but adequate. The jacuzzi tub and shower were nice. One of the bedrooms was always too warm no matter how we adjusted the controller which was extremely annoying. Those are all the negatives. Now for the positive: Never heard a peep out our neighbors. When we call room service/repair they were there promplty. The view of the pool and partial strip were spectacular. My children had a fantastic time at the wave pool and lazy river. The lobby and public areas were pleasant and gave a real feeling of relaxation. Most employess were enthusiatic and friendly. Never had to much of a wait for the elevators unlike other people on TA. Overall, I will probably stay here again with or without my kids because I like being away from the strip craziness and because of the amazing pools. Be sure to see Shark Reef. It was great!! Would have enjoyed with or with the kids. Do walk over to Luxor to eat cheap. They have food court with pizza, McD's and sandwiches, etc. The Bayside Buffet was nice. Casino was a little smokey but never smelled smoke in nonsmoking room. Bring your own inner tubes for the lazy river or be willing to pay 25-30 bucks for one. Oh yes, and there were many, many families with kids, its true. Most kids I encountered were well behaved and just enjoying time with their fams. Didn't see any kids after 9 or 10pm, though. I give this Hotel a B- just because our room was a little worn and the bathrooms could have been cleaner.	
Aug 17 2009 	I'd love to go back! Nice pools. Decent rooms 	Overall: Check-In/Check-Out was a breeze. Room was decent. Staff was friendly. Pools were great.ROOMS: My only complaints was that maid service only came to clean our rooms and freshen our towels on 3 out of the 6 days were stayed here. The worst part was that the linens (towels &amp; bed sheets) were dingy and not very clean for such a nice hotel (don't get me wrong, I was not disgusted enough not to stay there ever again. I was just very disappointed that such a nice room in a nice hotel could have such dingy linens).Besides the linens &amp; maid service, the room was spacious, well appointed &amp; quiet (maybe we didn't have any neighbors?). The bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was clean, spacious, and well designed.POOLS: I loved that we had many different pools to choose from. Our favorite was the wave pool at the BEACH and the lazy river. The lazy river was a lot of fun even without a tube to float on (we didn't want to pay to get a floation device, so we just floated around on our backs). Beware - the pools &amp; the lazy rivers can get very crowded very fast. So I would recommend to go early or late. The poolside staff was friendly. I was not traveling with kids but I think children would LOVE the pools here.FOOD &amp; FUN: Shanghai Lilly was our favorite restaurant- the food was very good, decently priced, friendly staff. The Noodle Shop was decent (but not worth the price). Raffles cafe had good breakfasts. Mix was trendy and expensive (which some people like). The view from Mix (which is located on the top floor of THE hotel) was wonderful. We went up to see it early in the day before the evening crowds started to pour in for when Mix turns into a nightclub/lounge.LOCATION: The Mandalay Bay is located at the South End of the Strip next to the Luxor. We still managed to walk everywhere (but we've got young legs being 22 &amp; 28) and occasionally took a taxi. We also used the tram which connects Mandalay to the Luxor &amp; Excalibur.	
Aug 16 2009 	you had me at goodbye	i do not think i have ever experienced less customer service than at this hotel. could not even get a cup of coffee hardly. in all fairness some of the employees did a good job and tried but unfortunately the majority were so disassociated and /or uninterested that it did not compensate. Are they reflecting poor management? poor training? poor hiring? getting layed off and bitter? I really do not know. but what i do know is i have a expectation that if i am standing in front of someone in business environment, have money in my pocket and want to buy something i would think at least someone would say hello,especially in this current economic enviornment. check out also seemed very disoranized. i will not stay here againlocation: too far down strip. room: comfortable , large flatscreen tv. nice bathroom.	
Aug 15 2009 	Only if you have to!	Public areas were beautiful. Rooms were tired. We were part of a large convention. Lots of walking, no benches or chairs in Lobby or halls. Not for elderly or people with bad feet!! We booked a mini-suite. The bath was lovely, but the room was worn. Carpet was pulled, Plazma tv turned to shining quicksilver after a while, closet door was broken. No coffee in rooms.. long lines at Starbucks Don't touch the mini bar!! Lots of feathers in the bedding...be warned. Maid came at 3pm to make up room. Internet is $14.95/24 hrs. Fitness center is $30/ day. Very expensive! Food in restaurants was very expensive! Wave pool was cool. Lazy river was a tangle of arms, legs and tubes!!! Very crowded, lots of kids. If you want a quiet pool, you need to stay at The Hotel or Four Seasons (on the property} Casino was very smokey. Hotel is at very top of The Strip. Not centrally located but MGM did provide a free tram to it's properties. I would not return. Not much provided for the money!	
Aug 15 2009 	Nice Hotel but HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!	We had a great stay until the morning we were due to check out. The hotel decidedto give out our room before we checked out. My wife was taking a bath and I was in bed when some unknown person opens our door and walks into our room. I asked who is that and that person immediately walked out but not before seing my wife taking a bath. I called the front desk and they tried to hide the fact that they had made a mistake and given out my room before I checked out. We waitied for security to come up to our room for about 2hrs. Security never showed up! We went to check out and informed Randy the front desk agent about the incident to which he showed no concern. He did not even try and apologise for the incident! After informing him of the incident and again no apology he proceeded with the check out. He them told me I had a $4 charge on my room from a tip at the pool. I informed him that I did not add any tip to any of my transactions to which he refused to remove the charge from my room. He said he needed manager approval, I could not believe that I had just told him about the incident in my room and he was more concerned about making sure that I paid for the &quot;$4 tip&quot;. This is a bunch of ---- Stay away from this hotel they will not resolve any issues or complaints that you may have. I am looking into filing some legal action againts them because my wife has had trouble sleeping over that incident and the hotel has not even extented an apology towards us. STAY AWAY!	
Aug 14 2009 	Great Hotel..very poor Customer service	I was impressed with this hotel from day one. Great rooms, fast check in, awesome pool area. I lost all respect for it when friends of ours had Fraud Committed on their Credit Card in EYE CANDY in the casino. A Bartender at Minus 5 gave their card to the wrong person. From there, there was $600 in charges on the card that night . My Friends got the run around from Security, the hotel MANAGER and the manger at Eye Candy for a whole day. No one would help them...the hotel did not give them their money back nor did they offer any apologies for the error. The Night club obviously did not check ID's for a $333 and $246 charge. What kind of bar is that? Not one I want to go to. Stay far away from it. It has been a FULL WEEK later and they still have not gotten their money back. Thier bank is working on a fraud case. The night club will not even respond to requests for copies of the credit card reciepts...even after being told they need them for a Police Report. I would have given this hotel an excellent, but the staff at the hotel handeled this very poorly and that lack of customer serivce drags my review way down.	
Aug 14 2009 	Move over Circus Circus 	I went over a long weekend with a group of guys and we stayed two nights at Mandalay Bay. This was my 9th trip out to Vegas and we always have enjoyed the Casino, clubs and restaurants at Mandalay Bay so combined with the glowing reviews of the pool we were all excited. As you can probably guess from my title, things are not always as they appear. Check-in went well. They seemed to move people through the line pretty quickly and we were even able to get our rooms a little early which is always nice. Our room was nice but it was obvious that the shower had not been cleaned in a while and had a pretty bad funk to it. I also question if the beds were actually made because it looked like my attempts at making a bed rather than a professional. At any rate the biggest complaint about the rooms is that the walls are paper thin. The adjoining room to us had several kids that would scream and run around the room every morning at 8am or so. Mind you these were not little kids, probably about 10-12. We called the front desk twice and I believe security came up to talk to them because at least the hallway running stopped. I know that can be an isolated incident and isn't really the hotel's fault but it speaks to the culture of what the hotel has become. For some reason the room also never got below 74 which was annoying given how hot it was outside.The thing you never really hear about is that Mandalay Bay has become the new &quot;it&quot; hotel for families with kids. Hey I have nothing against kids, I have two under the age of 3 myself, so I have a lot of patience and empathy for parents traveling with kids. That said, part of why I go to Vegas is to relax and enjoy the pool scene. Now mind you that many pool scenes in Vegas have become ridiculous because in light of tough economic times they put out far too few lounge chairs in an attempt to sell their overpriced and unimpressive cabanas. The notion that you have to get to pools by 10am to get spots or pay an extra $250 at many hotels these days is just an unfortunate reality. Again though nothing could prepare me for how packed with kids Mandalay's pool scene was. I understand that the wave pool and lazy river would be a draw but I have never been to a pool in Vegas where it is around 70% kids and 30% adults. Usually it is about 90/10 the other way (I have stayed at 7 hotels) So needless to say that finding chairs was impossible and nothing about the scene was relaxing. Overall I would just say that Mandalay Bay is a good place to visit at night, eat at or bring your family to if that's your thing. I have no problem with that and it makes sense given that they own Excalibur so perhaps they should put in a Nascar restaurant or WWE grill there too. It just sort of makes me sad because it used to be regarded as one of the hotels worth being at for people traveling without kids looking for an upscale adult scene (though I will say that the Foundation Room is still worth the trip). Next time we will go back to the middle of the strip or try something new like the Encore or Venetian. Happy travels!	
Aug 14 2009 	Mandalay bay opinion	I have traveled to Las Vegas on many occassions and stayed at most of the major hotels. I would rate Mandalay bay as average compared with others on the strip. The room was modest size. Decor was OK. Bathroom was large, modern, well appointed with two sinks in a granite top counter. Shower was large with pebble floor. toilet was in separate closet. Bath was separate. Room was very clean and well maintained. AC worked very well (it was about 117 F outside so this is important).I would agree with others that the beds are probably ready to be replaced, however I had no trouble sleeping. Noise level was very low. Our first room had a view of the pool from the 34th floor. I disagree with others that this view is not ideal. The desert, airport and pool are fine views. Our second room had a view of the strip. Night lights were great to sit and watch.The casino area was very open and relatively quite despite lots of guests. Other hotels it can get very congested. Restaurants were fair only with some sizable lines even during weekdays.Pools were as described. Very crowded but no more than a popular beach. I understand the concern of some of the reviewers about the careful monitoring by life guards but understand that Las Vegas visitors can sometimes get out of hand so I can understand the hotel's concern.The REAL BIG problem is the engineering of the hotel elevators. I thought some of the reviewers were exagerating regarding the long lines for elevators. I cannot say I have ever seen anything like this in a modern hotel. There were about eight elevators going up to one set of floors in a narrow hallway and another eight to another set of floors. The elevators were very quick to open and close so guests often pushed each other to quickly get into an elevator, often before guests disembarked. It was rare not to see a long line and it was pretty annoying. The real trick is getting your luggage down if you are on anything but the highest floors (i.e., have first crack at an empty elevator). The hotel is indeed located at the end of the strip and walking in extreme heat (which we did) can take the energy out. But keep in mind that all the hotels and casinos in Las Vegas have ample, free parking so you can always take your car. For those that have no patience waiting on Las Vegas blvd in traffic there are many side streets. There is also a sort of monorail running behind many of the hotels.Overall, it was an OK hotel. I would recommend to families with kids as the pool is really the best I have seen in Las Vegas. The rooms are certainly clean, adequate and can often be obtained at a discounted rate.	
Aug 13 2009 	Great stay great hotel.	We stayed here 19th to 24th of July this year. Overall we enjoyed the stay and would definitely recommend! We arrived on the Sunday (around 3pm) and used the valet and bellhop. Check in was very quick (5-10mins max compared with much longer personal experiences at Luxor, PH and NYNY). Check-in staff were efficient and quickly dealt with the two bookings we and friends had made. Once in the room it was spacious and clean, large comfy king bed, desk, armchair, flat-screen TV, mini-bar etc everything one would expect. View was of THEhotel, on the 23rd floor so wasn’t too bad a view. Bathroom was large and clean, his and hers sinks, large bath and large separate shower, the bathroom had an opaque window to the passage between the door and the room which I thought was a nice feature. And the bellhop was up in no time after I rang with our room number.The lifts to the rooms were all ways very busy and waits were fairly regular. Not much of a gambler so can’t really comment on the casino but was great fun on the few occasions I lost money! The casino floor never looked as busy as others on the strip, the hotel in general looked well maintained in a colonial/SE Asian sort of style, with a nice orangey scent everywhere, lots of convention people wondering through the hotel made it busy at times and there did seem to be a lot of young families, mostly on-route to or from the beach (I personally didn’t go, our travel mates did and said it was great but busy). We ate at; Raffles Café, which was fairly standard nothing special; the Bayside Buffet which was varied, fresh and enjoyable; Red, White &amp; Blue, a great place to people watch but nothing special. We also ate at Mix in THEhotel which was fantastic, review will be posted!	
Aug 13 2009 	A beautiful hotel but right at the end of the strip	I am surprised as the bad reviews for this hotel as it is a beautiful hotel and well worth the stay. We stayed for 2 nights in August and the temperture was 104 and it was hot and very very busy.Check in was busy but we checked in early with no problem and it only took abut 10 minutes. They were efficient and helpfulThe most irritating thing is its very difficult when you arrive to find your way around. The hotel is huge and it seemed a long way from the (free) car park to reception. Signage is appalling (true of all the hotels) so its impossible to find your way around (i am sure its there intention and the way of making you walk amongst all those one armed bandits!!)The conceirge service is bad - very unhelpfu, very busy and just want to get rid of you. Guest services and brilliant - we needed more towels and they arrived in 5 minutes and then they called us to check they had arrived and we were happy. We were on 17 floor and the lifts/elevators worked well. Be aware that check out time its impossible to get into a lift with your luggage - you need to get your cases downstairs early!! Our room was lovely, clean and beds comfortable. They really should give you free water and tea and coffee facilities. Would like to see free Wi-Fi also. All of these things are available at much cheaper hotels - so this was a bit irritating. The Wave pool was very busy (it was August!) as was the &quot;rapids&quot; thingy. However we got down there at about 2pm each day and never had any trouble getting 4 beds to sit on next to each other - maybe we were lucky? The drinks etc are pricey - but its Vegas - everything has a price, and a high one! Nothing is free and there is an undertone of sharks waiting to fleece you of every penny - not just at the Mandalay but everywhere (or am I just cynical??)We caught the &quot;Deuce&quot; bus for $7 a day - you can get on and off as much as you like all day long - a great way of getting up and down the strip. It is very slow and you could probably walk as quick but it does save the shoe leather. The stop is right opposite the Mandalay and its air conditioned. The Mandalay is at the end of the strip which is both an advantage and a disadvantage. Firstly you have to get down the strip for any &quot;action&quot; (ie Bellagio Fountains etc) but the hotel is less &quot;tacky&quot; as less gamblers are roaming the slots as most people cannot be bothered to go to the Mandalay unless you are staying there.You can catch the free monorail thingy to the Luxor and Excalibur which also saves your legs from a long walk.Food was a problem - we struggled to find a decent restaurant and conceirge service was hopeless at directing us to a good one. We ate at Palazzo (brilliant meal and hotel) and at Outback restaurant on strip which was good service, good value and nice food.Stay at the Mandalay - its luxurious, clean, pleasant and fun!	
Aug 11 2009 	Bring your wallet and patience to Mandalay	What a disappointment! Everything at the hotel takes forever; from a three hour check in to long lines at every meal.....most nearly one hour. Because you are at the end of the strip, you are stuck for meals unless you plan in advance to eat out or you wait for the staff to seat you in one of their empty tables after waiting in a long line. Also, the place is extensively &quot;a-la-carte&quot;. Even the lazy river doesn't come with a tube! Expect to pay nearly $30 to buy a tube and then carry it with you everywhere so it doesn't get stolen. Just as another example, it cost us $17 to print our boarding passes from their &quot;customer friendly terminal&quot; , $14 a day for internet access in our room and $30 just to enter the spa. If you're not a smoker, you will not appreciate the thick aroma of smoke throughout the hotel.	
Aug 11 2009 	Over rated	I had reviewed this hotel before chosing to stay here, as I always try to do. I take the good reviews with the bad...and decided to stay. Bad choice. I have stayed in Vegas before, and the Monte Carlo is a million times better and less $. The bed at Mandalay was the worst bed I have ever slept on in my life. We complained, and they put a bed board under the mattress - that did no good. We told the staff, and they said that was all they could do. Then, we stayed for a total of 3 nites, and every nite we were awoken to fighting in the room next to us. Slamming doors, screaming voices, things being thrown against the wall. These fights would go on for hours- we would call the front desk, and the told us thank you for letting them know and that was all we could do.The beach chairs get mysteriously hidden the night before, so that only certain people can find them (we were not one of them) so chairs are highly hard to find.The lazy river was so over crowded I was constantly kicked by people's feet and just ended up leaveing the river. The &quot;wave&quot; pool was.... pathetic to say the least. One tiny wave every 5 minutes does not equal a wave pool.Next time we will not be staying here.	
Aug 11 2009 	Mandalay was great	Too bad to see so many poor reviews. My wife and I just returned from a trip, Monday August 3rd to Friday August 7th, and we had a wonderful time (we have previously stayed at Venetian, Rio, and MGM). We arrived at noon on Monday and were definitely surprised to see how many people were checking in. They do need to work on a better system but it wasn't that big of a deal and we were checked-in within 15-20 minutes. Very happy to see that our room was ready as requested and the staff was very helpful. The elevator system does need some work as well - so expect to have a little delay (3-4 minutes) if you are going to your room in the morning. The room was nice, very comfortable bed, and was clean. We were there for relaxation so our day usually consisted of sleeping in and then heading to the pool at about 11:00 or 11:30 each day. The main pool (the wave pool) was always crowded but we never had a problem finding two lounge chairs together after a very brief look-around. Definitely a ton of kids - but it is a WAVE POOL - so that does attract kids and those families. The lazy river was always packed, but everyone seemed to have a good attitude. One day we went to the South Pool and this was way quieter, had a good bar area, and more adult oriented - so that would be a good option if you want to get away from the crowd. Yes, drinks are expensive but ITS VEGAS - drinks are expensive everywhere unless you are gambling. We did have some of the best mojitos we have ever had at one of the pool bars (talk to Freddie - he won best Mojito in Vegas in 2006). The restaurants at Mandalay Bay are all very nice and there are some cheaper alternatives (Raffles Cafe, etc.) if you want something more relaxing. We ate the Red/White/Blue Bistro and had a good lunch for not too bad of a price. Definitely try the Burger Bar for good food and a great selection of beer (Deschutes Brewery!). All in all, we had a very relaxing trip and will definitely return. Just realize that (a) it will be crowded, (b) there are kids there, and (c) the drinks/food/entertainment can be expensive. Oh yeah, and it will be HOT if you go June - August but if you hang out at the pool it doesn't feel that bad. It was 108 one day we were there and we were at the pool from noon to 3pm no problem. Also, just take a taxi to the middle of the strip or the clubs/etc. if you can because its way quicker, convenient - but it can add up as well. So go to Vegas to have a good time and don't be uptight; just enjoy yourself.	
Aug 10 2009 	Expensive but worth the price	I have stayed at many hotels in Las Vegas, including Bellagio, Mirage, MGM, Venetian, etc and I have to say that this is my favorite so far because it's away from the bustle of crowds and there are less kids around. I stayed from Fri-Sunday and even though it was busy, it wasn't overwhelming as I had expected. The staff members are very attentive and sincere. I checked in very late on friday night and was shocked to hear they overbooked, however they upgraded me to the spacious 750 sqft suite which was great! I love the TV in the bathroom.The beach area was bit crowded at 9am on Sunday but i was still able to get a chair and the lazy river wasn't as busy as expected. Only thing that sucked was that we have to buy the tubes since we can't rent them. They should let people rent! I lost my credit card and Drivers Lic in the lazy river, but someone was very kind and turned it in. Plus Mandalay Staff members were very helpful in aiding me on my search. Pros: the hotel is beautiful, comfortable, clean, spacious and not as crowded as other hotels. Staff members are very friendly. Entertainment is great - loved the beach pool area, Lion King the Musical and the shark reef.Cons:thing was that the food was pricey there. They need to have a cheap food court or something. Beach area can get crowded at times and they should let people rent flotation tubes instead of forcing us to purchase them. Hotel room annoyance: I can hear people from the other side of the adjacent door room. I used the sofa cushions to block out the sound.	
Aug 10 2009 	stay away from mandalay bay	Our experience at this hotel, overall was not very pleasant. It took over 3 hours to check in, and this is during slow season! We had to then wait for our bags for 45 minutes, they would not just drop them in our room. We were there for a wedding, and the planning for the event through the hotel was extrememely unorganized and unprofessional, from the actual ceremony to the wedding cake. To top it off, I accidentally left some personal products in the room after check out (curling iron/flatiron). When I called to get them shipped home to me, they claim they haven't had anything turned in. So they seem to have disappeared into thin air.......I'm not very happy at all...	
Aug 9 2009 	Mandalay Bay- no way!	I stayed here from 8-2 to 8-6, I booked the hotel online and it was fairly inexpensive at $65 a night. We all wanted to stay there anyway so with the discounted rate we were all very excited for the trip. When we got there on Sunday around 11am the lobby was mobbed with a ton of people checking out, however they were able to accomodate us and had 2 out of the 3 rooms ready. The front desk employees were very friendly upon check in and also when I checked out 4 days after. The pool, for which I heard is one of the best pools is vegas, was so outrageously crowded it was ridiculous. There were so many families with children and most parents did not watch there children. Several of us woke up early each morning to get to the pool before it opened to wait in line just so we could get a chair within the pool complex. It was disappointing that you had to get in line before 8 am just to get a chair!! I personally think the pool complex was overrated. The wave pool was pretty lame, you couldn't just stand by the edge because the guards made you either step out of the pool or go into the pool so you can ride the wave in. The lazy river was okay. It was terribly over crowded. If you wanted to use a tube for the lazy river you had to buy one which I believe were around $17 for a small one and over $30 for a larger one (more suitable for an adult). I would suggest if you you do not want to pay that price bring one deflated from home since we had no luck finding a float tube in any of the nearby gift shops, cvs, or convenient shops. Mandalay bay is at one end of the strip and it wasn't as easy to navigate around as we had been told by previous travelers. It was also 100 degrees or more outside and you didn't necessarily want to walk everywhere all the time. We did buy a monorail pass for 3 days thinking we would use it but we did not end up getting our money's worth. I would suggest taking taxis and ask them to take the freeway/highway or back roads to get to your destination. If they stay on the strip it takes longer because of the traffic and therefore the fare will be higher. The hotel room itself was decent and more spacious than many other hotel rooms I have stayed at. I would only recommend this hotel to families. If I were to ever go back to vegas I would try to stay in the middle of strip at Treasure Island, Bellagio, or somewhere around there. You may pay more money but you will be in walking distance to more attractions.	
Aug 9 2009 	Can not complain	I would stay again at Mandalay Bay (MB). Yes, there were some negatives (described below) but many positives. As with anything in life, you always have complainers no matter what is done, evident by reading some of the posts of this hotel.In a nut shell, for our expectations and trip needs/plans, we have many more good things to say (pool, room cleanliness, housekeeping response, spacious room, flat screen tv, bathroom tv, glassed-in shower, separate tub, comfortable bed) than negatives (slow elevators, kids / baby strollers everywhere, could not cool room enough for me). Spacious casino with many craps tables and good dealers. Only restaurant at this hotel we ate at was Burger Bar (recommended). We stayed Thurs July 30 thru Monday Aug 2. We never stayed here before and we knew that this was the hotel at the southern tip of the ‘strip’ but we still booked our room here. I got a really good deal thru MGM casino marketing, so we took them up on this offer. During past Vegas trips we played in MB casino and found this place to be really nice and upscale. I always rent a car during our Vegas trips, so being this far south on the ‘strip’ and getting around was not an issue. Plenty of parking in the garage and did not have to walk far to the elevators.We arrived a little after 1:00pm; check-in is advertised as not until 3pm. But they were checking people in and many people behind the counter to check guests in. We did not have to wait at all. Lady was very friendly and quickly got us our keys. Off to the room we went and changed into pool clothes and went to the pool. This hotel has a really nice pool set up. They have a big wave pool with sand beach. But a zillion kids all over the place, so we decided to go to one of the smaller pools. Maybe 2-3 kids here. We walked around to find a chair, and luckily found two. But by 3:30pm, many people left and a lot of chairs open. I can not handle sitting in the sun, so I went to a shaded area into the pool. The crowd was calm at this pool. Not a bunch of dudes trying to pick up chics and acting like dushe-bags yelling Vegas-baby!!. A more mature crowd, but people were partying, but were not annoying. We left about 6pm and still a good crowd, but not overwhelming. Much more mature pool crowd than Flamingo, Bally’s and others know to be a place to party and trying to get lucky. Thursday was the only day we were at the pool; we had other plans during our trip.I checked my bill via the video check-out and everything was correct. They comped me some food and one night fare (so only paid for one night total). I could not check out via the video checkout due to some problem with the system, so just used the express check-out in the lobby. The only bad things to say about this hotel were: the elevators were slow, the cooling system just could not get the room cool enough for me, and $20 a day for the workout center. We had to call housekeeping Thursday because they only left two towels and washcloths, the tv remote was busted, and the iron was not working. But they were at our room within 10 mins with replacements. I believe a zillion kids were at MB due to really good hotel room rates going on in Vegas now (but Vegas is not a family destination), hotel is away from the main Vegas party scene (thus good for the family), and really good pool conditions. I would stay at the Mandalay Bay hotel again, but we plan to stay at another hotel we never stayed at before (Bellagio, Planet Hollywood, Wynn) during our next Vegas trip.	
Aug 9 2009 	Never again	My husband and I have been going to Las Vegas for 13 years. We have tried several hotel, but decided to try Mandalay Bay because of the great room rate and the awesome pool. We go to Vegas for adult fun, to lay by the pool, go to the spas and gamble at night. I live 45 minutes from Disney and don't know who has more kids, Disney or Mandalay Bay. I have my own kids which I leave with the Grandparents in order to reconnect with the hubby on a yearly couple trip. I love kids, just not in Vegas. I like the old sleezy Vegas and will be staying in the older more seasoned hotels for the next trip. We like to spend money when we go, however we ended up spending it down the strip where the drinks and the table min were more reasonable (also less kids) Pros: The room was great, the spa was great (however prices where high, much better spa prices at the Luxor spa), food was great at the buffet.	
Aug 9 2009 	Great Place but the Elevators are horrible	We stayed here for 5 nights this is a very nice hotel. The staff are great , the rooms are amazing , and the Spa is fantastic. But the elevators are brutal. Lots of waiting which does not seem to happen at the other resorts . They messed up big time. Lots of kids running around as well with wave pool and beach being a big attraction for families I guess.	
Aug 8 2009 	A bit wanting	Stayed at the hotel for two nights. Check-in was very prompt for Las Vegas—although it was 2:00 PM on a Tuesday. Lobby is visually appealing. Rooms are unobjectionable and have all that one could reasonably need. The rooms are certainly a bit dated. Casino and connected “mall” is a “tweener”—certainly better than Balleys, Flamingo, etc., but nowhere near Bellagio, Ceasars, or even MGM. Location at the southern side of the Strip leaves a long walk. With all the choices on Las Vegas Boulevard, I would not be in a rush to return…unless I was going to the 35th floor (Four Seasons).	
Aug 8 2009 	Wouldn't stay here again!	Booked hotel online so it was a bargain at $70 a night (weekday), but I was really disappointed! Check in line was very long, room was okay, but as stated in other reviews, I did note some hair on the floor and it could've been cleaned better. Also, they had the worse cheap down pillows that had feathers that poked through, and made sleeping difficult. Waited over 15 minutes for elevators and times, and also 20 minutes to get the car out of the valet. If you're going to the pool, take your own inner tube. Got a huge one at big lots for $5.80... over there the same size is $25, and you cannot rent, you must buy. They will blow it up for free.	
Aug 5 2009 	Unfortunately Pretty Disappointing	Just got back from a guys' trip to Vegas from July 31 to August 4. We stayed 2 nights at the Luxor and then moved over to Mandalay Bay for 2 nights. None of us had ever stayed at Mandalay Bay before, and were really looking forward to it. Unfortunately, I, at least, found the resort to be pretty disappointing. First impression of the resort was pretty good. We were able to check in early, around 11 AM. Room looked great. Two nice beds, a huge bathroom with a separate tub and shower. After that, it went pretty much downhill. We never could figure out how to cool the room down. We had the thermostat at about 60 degrees, and the actual air temp in the room had no connection to that whatsoever. One thing I could not believe was that no one from housekeeping came to clean our room the whole time we were there! Now, we had our &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; out sign out a little later in the morning, but come on, a resort that purports to be top of the line doesn't come back later when that sign is down to make up the room? Totally unacceptable. The biggest disappointment to me was the much touted pool area. It was large and nice, yes, but completely and utterly full of screaming kids and teenagers. Yes, when I stay at a snazzy Vegas resort, what I really want to do is walk around the pool area for 20 minutes waiting for some kid to vacate his beach chair. I was pretty fed up with Mandalay Bay by the time we had to checkout, and then trying to checkout pretty much cemented my decision that I will never stay there again. For some reason, our video checkout was disabled in our room. I tried calling the front desk to ask them to activate the video checkout, and after a few minutes of no one picking up, I gave up and went downstairs to check out with a live person. Too bad that the front desk downstairs was understaffed, and after waiting a few minutes, I determined I never would get to talk to a live person about checkout before we needed to catch a cab back to the airport. So, I filled out the Express Checkout card and dropped it into a container by the front desk. Very frustrating, but not surprising for a hotel that didn't even provide housekeeping service to our room. We had a couple of meals at the hotel at the House of Blues (mediocre food, decent price and service) and the Buffet. (mediocre food, expensive and stuffed to the gills with those kids and teenagers I mentioned earlier). One thing that was very cool at the resort was the Foundation Room, up at the very top of the resort. It was a $20 cover for guys, but it had a very cool vibe, nice folks, (a Vegas club that wasn't even snooty!) and an incredible view. But, in terms of the resort itself, next time I want to try another higher end resort that perhaps doesn't have the kids all over the place, (as has probably been asked a gazillion times - why do you bring your kids to Vegas? - I thought that experiment had been declared over) like the Wynn, (or the new Encore - wow, that place looks absolutely beautiful) Venetian or Bellagio.	
Aug 5 2009 	Mandalay Bay Pretty Good	This was my first time to Las Veags and I was with abig group for my 30th bday. We got there pretty early on our check in day and they were able to get us in a room right away. The service at the hotel continued to be great througout out stay. The basic double room was very spacious and the decor of the entire hotel was befitting of a 4 star establishement. The casino was good and most of the dealers were very nice. The club MIx on top of THE Hotel is definitly a must see. My only negatives for the stay were the distance from Mandaly bay to other casinos like cesars. Also I don't get the fascination with the pools here. There is a wave pool, but as adult aren't we really past that? I ended up at the south lagoon pool which had its own abr and was bigger that the east and west pools. Also it can take up to 10 mins to get an elevator if you are above floor 17. Your better off walking down to 16 and getting one there as they operate off a different group of elevators	
Aug 5 2009 	lovely hotel but take plenty of cash!!	flew in from uk arrived at check in around 1pm after a 10 hour flight only to be told to come back at 3.15pm as there were no rooms available, not such a good start, changed in the toilets and went around the pool for a while, drinks expensive frozen margarita $10 bottle of beer $7 so 2 drinks with tips $19 dollars when u charge these to your room they add up!! but we kinda had the attitude that we hadnt come on holiday to save money so never mind................got in the room impressed couldnt get a strip view so settled for a pool/airport view which was fine, realllllllllllllllyyyyy comfy bed!! bathroom inpressive very big bath too! pool always busy only 2 of us but at the weekend couldnt get a sunbed at all too hot to lay on one anyway so had to dump our bags/towels within close view of the pool we were in. one rip off $20 a day to hire a float it was so hot we couldnt be bothered walking out to get one that day so hired it but someone pinched it when i went to the bar the cheek! went to walgreens and bought myself a float the next day $4 so do that!! overall i would say a lovely hotel i was aware it was at the end of the strip cos been before but everywhere seems a long walk in vegas so gotta expect that! overall had a fantastic holiday spent a small fortune but thats what u expect on holiday! ps the same beer and margarita were $1 each in bills casino so if you have a walk out in the day worth calling in!! oh and the buffett here was reallllllyyyy good !	
Aug 4 2009 	Always a nice stay....	This was my 4th time in as many years staying at the Mandalay Bay. The rooms are plenty big enough. Bathroom is large with 2 sinks, seperate tub and shower, and seperate toilet. Bathroom also has a small tv in case you need a tv fix while getting ready.The pool area is great but very busy. We found that the south lagoon pool was virtually empty while all others were packed, the reason being is that it is tucked away by itself. Eventually it will get busier as the afternoon progresses but if you were down to pool by 11am it was pretty easy getting a chair.Enjoyed the great buffet deal offered at Bayside Buffet. Pay $35 and you get to have a breakfast, lunch, and dinner at the buffet. If you know you are going to be hanging out Mandalay and like buffet food this is a screaming deal. Food was very good with crab legs, prime rib, and shrimp on the dinner buffet.Enjoyed Orchid Lounge which had a great band playing ( I believe it is their house band).Only a couple of minor downsides, first is location at far end of strip, but since I go to Vegas about 3 times a year I didnt feel the need to wander to far. Secondly is their checkin, they have no stanchions so it is a free for all, you are praying you pick the right line. I only had one person in front of me and their checkin took over 25 mins (not checkin agents fault, just happened to get one of those people that had to ask a million questions). Other than those two things if you like nice rooms and a great pool, and some good nightlife then check this place out.	
Aug 3 2009 	Loooove Mandalay's smell....	This was my 5th trip to Vegas, but my first stay at MB. Beautiful hotel and it smells like a beach and fresh fruit....I love the smell that hits you the minute you walk inside....Check in was short, we did check in around 9pm so not a busy time I guess, room was great, there were 4 of us sharing a room, all girls and the double sinks in the bathroom was fabulous. This hotel is one of the first on the strip so it really is a long walk to anywhere else on the strip, but we did use the free tram between Luxor &amp; Excalibur, however we did cut thru Mandalay place and walked to Luxor a few time as the Tram was not stopping at the Luxor after our first night. Everything within the hotel was pricey, but to be expected from a posh hotel and Vegas itself....The Starbucks was also ridiculous, coffee prices were not bad but $3.50 - $4.00 for a muffin is a little crazy!The pool area is great, yes it does get busy but we were able to find seats and one day we did not make it to the pool till noon, so it's not impossible to find seats, you just have to look.....We stayed on the 7th floor, which unfortunately had a crappy view, also there was a big steele barracade outside the window which really did nothing for the already bad view, but whatever, we barely stayed in the room, also the elevators up to our floor seemed to be the least busy, which was alright.....Housekeeping woke us up a few times...Who cleans a room at 8:30 in the morning in Vegas?? Aside from that, I really liked the MB...But next time I would give a more central hotel a try, Bellagio or Venetian maybe...	
Aug 1 2009 	Kids and floaty devices GALORE! OH and dont forget your wallet.	Our stay at MB was just ok at best.We arrived at our hotel at about 9 am. They let us check in early!! It took 45 minutes.After we got settled, we went down to get some lunch at some restaurant in the hotel. Server was waaayyy RUDE, and to top it off 2 of us spent $55. for a BLT and a Cheeseburger. Dont expect to pay anything less than $50.00 for lunch if you are eating at the hotel. Yes the rooms are big, the beds are cozy, the bathrooms are nice. 9am is ALL KIDS TO POOL IMMEDIATELY. Seriously who brings their children to Las Vegas? I went to Vegas to attend my sisters wedding, relax and party, not to get my pretty pedicured toes stepped on by some booger faced kid with a hot pink inflatable... I mean COME ON. I thankfully read reviews of the hotel before we went so I was well aware of the insanity at the pool area. We went down at about 830 to get our chairs by the pool in the back. By 930, pure chaos. People searching aimlessly for chairs to lounge in.Would I stay here again..... NO you can get soooo much more bang for your buck elsewhere! This was my first and last stay at Mandalay Bay, Bellagio, here we come!!	
Aug 1 2009 	Nice hotel nice room great dealers long walk to other casinos.	We had a great time at Mandalay Bay. We were there for work and then stayed for 2 extra days to have fun! The hotel was very clean and we were happy with our room. The pool was packed and you did have to get there before 9:00 am to get chairs because everyone saves chairs for their friends. Everything is very expensive, but we had such a cheap room rate that it all worked out. It is a bit of a haul if you want to visit other parts of the strip. there is a free tram to the Excaliber and then you can easily walk to the Planet Hollywood and MGM, NYNY from there. The Burger Bar is the best!	
Jul 31 2009 	Wave pool and lazy river made our stay!	It was hot, hot, hot in Vegas. 107 degrees. The wave pool and lazy river at Mandalay Bay were awesome, especially first thing in the morning before the crowds. Afternoon was crazy busy. Beds were very comfy. Good location Nice to have the tram to Excalibur to get you up the Vegas strip a little.	
Jul 30 2009 	A Great Place to Stay in Las Vegas	My girlfriend and I stayed in Mandalay bay from July 21-25, 2009. I received an email promotion for two free nights through the players club (and I'm not a high roller or anything like that). The other two nights were 80, so it was a deal I could not pass up.We stayed on the sixth floor of the main hotel (not THEHotel) in a non-smoking king room. The room was very clean and well-apportioned. The bathroom is giant, and the free toiletries were quite good (I was thrilled that they give you a sewing kit!). There is a TV in the bathroom, and I actually decided to take a bath so I could try it out. The bed is top-notch, somewhere between a Marriott and a Westin in terms of comfort, and that's saying something. The main television is as good as you will find in Vegas. It actually had a lot of channels, many in HD, which is rare for Vegas. Of course, there are no coffee makers in the room, but if you go to Vegas for free coffee in your hotel room then you need to reevaluate your reasons for going there in the first place. Housecleaning was very good, although if you forgot to put a sign on the door, they would knock at like 8:45-9:00 AM, which is a little early in Vegas time. Beware of the microfridge, there are sensors in there that will charge you if you pull something out. That being said, my girlfriend pulled out a snickers bar to look at it (insert eye-roll here), then put it back, but I wasn't charged for it.A cabbie told me that the hotel had laid off 70% of its workers, and I believe it. While I did not experience and big problems, you could tell that they could have had more people working at check in/ check out, and there was only one bell hop working to retrieve checked bags when we left. That being said, all the staff I encountered was extremely friendly and helpful. This is the kind of service I would expect at a four or five star hotel.A lot of people have complained about the hotel elevators on this sight. Maybe it's because they stayed on a higher floor, or were in THEHotel, but we experienced very few problems. I suppose that because people take the elevator to the pool that this increases traffic. Sometimes we had to wait because elevators were full, but we never had to wait more than a minute or two to get from point A to B.The pool is amazing. I'm sure that I can't say much more than has already been said about it here. We went on a Wednesday morning at around 10:30 AM, and it was very crowded, but since it was over 100 outside we stayed in one of the smaller pools for almost an hour. I do not advocate taking children to Las Vegas, but if you do, the pool area here is a great attraction.We only ate at two restaurants in the Hotel: The Burger Bar and Canter's Deli. The Burger bar is really great, and considering the popularity of such restaurants these days, this is saying something. They also have Dog Fish Head beer on tap, which is a plus. Canter's deli is a little window next to their excellent sports book. Great deli food, with sandwiches that are big enough to share for two people. The casino, like similar MGM properties, is not particularly special. However, it is one of the roomiest casino floors I have ever seen, and if you are a slot player, this is a good place for you. Not the best drink service on the floor, however. I like to play lower minimums, so I didn't hit the tables here that much, although there were five dollar craps tables most mornings that I was there.The location is at the end of the strip, so you should plan on taking a lot of cabs, especially if it is hot. We took the tram to Excalibur once, and I didn't think it was worth the wait or hassle. There are a lot of older people on the tram who act like they've never been on a train before, which is a little frustrating. Of course, if you have mobility issues, this is a good way to get you moving up the strip.I live in Connecticut, so I don't make it out to Vegas more than once a year. I would put Mandalay bay on par with Caesars in most respects (better rooms at Mandalay, better shopping/food at Caesars). I would also say that it is a suitable alternative to the Bellagio, especially if you are a closet cheapo like me and you get such a good bargain. That being said, if I was forced to pay over 250 per night to stay at Mandalay Bay, you'd probably find me at the Flamingo. Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 28 2009 	One of the best hotels in Vegas	We payed 300 $ including the flight from LAX as well as 2 nights at the Mandalay Bay. Our package also included a 50$ voucher for drinks and foot at the pool bar. The hotel is just awesome, the staff is friendly and the rooms are spacious and clean. The beds in the room are probably the most comfortable beds i've ever lain in. The hotel is unfortunately not located in the center of the Strip but at the very beginning.	
Jul 28 2009 	Great View - Slow Services	First, the good: The room we were given gave us one of the most spectacular views we've ever had. Perfect line down the Strip, and woke up the morning to a great sunrise over the distant mountains. Room itself was very spacious, modern and clean. Terrific.The bad: I don't know if the hotel cut back staff during the recession, but there were long lines for practically everything. Check-in took over 20 minutes. Getting the car out of valet at check-out took 25 minutes. A coffee at the downstairs snack shop also took 15 minutes despite the very short line. We skipped the shark exhibit - also due to long lines. The wave pool was good, but my kids didn't like the rules (nobody under 48&quot; allowed, and not allowed to 'loiter' in the wave breaking area).Bottom line - I'd come here again if I could get the same room. I'd just have to be a little more patient.	
Jul 27 2009 	hot beaches and great resort	My wife an I had our first trip to Vegas in February. We're early thrities and although we stayed in a different but still nice resort we definitley thought Mandalay was to be our next trip. Luckily it was sooner than later and we went early July with two other couples of similar age. All of us leaving the kids at home. We were there mid-week which made the flights and hotel package cheap. (Where in western Cnada but live close enoguh to cross the border and fly within the US) The MB is a little off the strip at the end but with the amazing beaches and pools we never really felt the need to leave MB. Pretty much al lthe reviews I've seen have a bit of truth but we'd stil lgo back. Yes the lifegaurds are stricked at times but not so much in the back pools. The cement is hot and there is little shade but in the pool it was all good. We never really had trouble with drinks around the pool neither. We did buy drinks in the pool and it was expensive $32/bucket of 5 beers but people were clearly bringing their own alcohol in all day. They search your bag but really are just looking for glass. I wouldn't try to bring in a case or anything. My suggestion. Sneak a few in or what ever your drinking. Buy one/two to keep me happy and re-use your ie bucket. (There's two beer/wine stores just accross the street). It's not a cheap hotel but few on the strip are from what we saw. Check out 'the Mix' on top of 'the hotel', great lounge but there was cover and a dress code after a certain time but it had a great view of the strip and the dinner was pretty good; Not that we are fine dining experts. There's a Mcdonalds and subway by the beer stores and there was lots of cheaper places in the Luxor/Excaliber.... There are cheaper options if you want. If money doesn't bother you though the MB has everything. just don't use the phone in your room for long distance or use an ATM. We really didn't have much to be negative about. We loved our room, service was good. value was acceptable to good for what you got. options were great. Casino seemed clean. Lightlife wasn't the best but was definitley okay for what we wanted. Elevators were busy in the mornings but outside of that the waits were minimal to none at all. It's also the closest to the airport so was only about a $13 cab ride back to the airport. Bottom line is we'd go back, we had no issues and would definitley recommend it to anyone. Especially if you want nice pools and beaches.	
Jul 27 2009 	Disappointed doesn't begin to describe my feelings...	I really wanted to love Mandalay Bay, mainly because I know I have to stay there again at least 2 more times this year. Unfortunately, my experience was a disaster! I arrived at Mandalay Bay at about 8PM on Sunday night. When I got to check in, I found out that you have to &quot;choose a line&quot; to stand in. There is no central queue for registration clerks!! HUH??? EVERY other hotel on the strip has a queue for check in/out. Thus I got in the wrong line, as did another couple that kept hopping from place to place to try and find the fastest clerk. I finally got checked in after about an hour, and was given my room. I went to my floor and walked down a very long hall that looked like it hadn't been vacuumed in days, and hadn't been maintained in years. The walls showed serious signs of distress and the carpet was filthy. I didn't realize this was to be a precursor of my room. Alas, it was. My room was dirty, the sofa stained, and the carpet just plain gross. The view was probably lovely, but my bed was backed to the window. Another small window in the room was so dirty I could barely see out. I called the front desk to ask for another room, all they said was &quot;sorry, we're sold out&quot;. Not, we'll send someone up to look at things, not we're sorry, let's move you tomorrow... &quot; So I ordered room service and got a good cup of onion soup, and cold pasta. I was too tired to complain so I retired to my bed. The bed was as awful as the rest of the room. I sat on the edge and immediiately fell off. I had to climb up the lumps to the middle so I could stay in the bed. It was so lumpy I had to curl myself aournd it. I should also note that it took 3 days before I saw a washcloth. I originally thought they didn't provide them, so I used a hand towel in the shower...I had to put up with the room for 5 mights. I did not use any of the facilities since I refuse to spend $30/day for a gym, and I was in training during the hours the pools were open. The restaurants I ate at were good, but expensive. However, 3 of our instructors ate at Stripsteak one night and they all came down with food poisoning. Warning! If you're going to Mandalay Bay for a conference be prepared to walk! It's a long walk from the hotel to the conference center. The place is HUGE!! And the service at the conference center is as lousy as the hotel. There was another meeting taking place near our classes. The people from the other meeting came into our hallway and took our food and drinks. When we complained, Mandalay Bay said &quot;we could hire security to watch the hall&quot; Can you believe that!!???On checkout I received an invitation to complete a survey. I filled it out, blasting the cleanliness and service. The survey asked if I wanted to be contacted, and I said yes, but only if the person contacting me actually cared to help. Guess what... I haven't been contacted!Thank you for reading this very long review... But the long and short of it is that the management and staff of Mandalay Bay just do not care!! I'm trying to get my room changed for the conference I have to attend in October. I really don't want to stay at Mandalay Bay again.	
Jul 26 2009 	Loved this place	I could of spent 2 weeks here happily without leaving. I have to compare it against the Signature/MGM primarily as I spent two nights there also as part of the same trip. I much preferred the Mandalay Bay. We stayed in a 750GR room which was a bargain at mid week rates. The wave pool and lazy river must make for the best pool complex in Vegas. Compared to MGM pool complex, it's more for relaxing and swimming in than standing around drinking. Drinks are not allowed in either the wave pool or lazy river. The hotel casino floor, shops and restaurant area is modern and pleasant. it's just a nice place to be and isn't showing it's age like many other casinos. I spent an afternoon in the spa also and it's well worth at least one visit, you can get a break from your partner also as the spa is segregated into male/female ;-)	
Jul 25 2009 	Very nice but don't stay there just for the pool area!!! Pool over rated!!	My wife and I chose the Mandalay Bay after finding a great package deal, and have always wanted to stay there for the pool experience. We enjoyed our stay, but were not as impressed with the pool area as we hoped. My wife got down there early and had no problems getting two lounge chairs together. The pool area gets very busy about 11 a.m., lots of kids in the lazy river and wave pool. We would suggest getting chairs near one of the outer pools, away from the lazy river and/or wave pool. Less kids! I was disappointed with the wave pool. One wave would come about every 3-4 minutes. Not wave after wave like I have experienced at other pools. Waves not very big, either. Cool break near the beach which allows for easier body surfing, but still too crowded and not enough waves to enjoy for long time. The entire place is very crowded, but great for people watching. There is an adults only area called Moorea Beach, guys pay more than girls to get in. Not many topless, but is an option for you ladies. You can bring your own snacks/water/drinks, plastic only, into the pool area. Sign says no outside food or drink, but we think that means no food or drink from off the property. Can't bring in your own booze, no glass bottles. They sell water in the pool complex for same price as shops in casino area.The tram from MB to teh Excalibur is nice, but walking from MB, thru the Luxor, then to the Excalibur is a nice way to see the resorts and shops. We were in Vegas for 4 nites, and walked back and forth 4 times, and took the tram back and forth 4 times. Nice shops along the way. But being that far south on the strip is not very practical.Now that gets to the other issue we had. MB is a bit far from all the action in the center of the strip. Next trip, we will stay somewhere closer to the center, like Caesars, Flamingo or Paris. We did enjoy the casino at the MB. Nice dealers for the most part, attractive waitresses. High ceilings, a lot of open floor space made for a comfortable atmosphere for gambling. Dealers are helpful if you need &quot;guidance&quot;. Overall we had a great week in Vegas staying at Mandalay Bay, but it was not because of the resort. We would have had more time to do more stuff if we stayed near the center. We won't stay at MB again, unless we get a great deal. Money talks!!	
Jul 24 2009 	Great hotel but don't buy the inner-tubes at their beach!	Overall, I really enjoyed staying at Mandalay Bay Hotel. One tip for anyone with children, or who is looking forward to floating around the Lazy River. The hotel used to rent inner-tubes for $9 a day, which was pretty pricey. Now they only sell the tubes, for $18-25 depending on the size. Too much, especially if every person in your family wants their own. But they do allow you to take in your own tubes, so I would suggest you stop by the drug store before your trip and pick up a few cheap tubes. They'll fill them there, even if they aren't the hotel's. Wish I had known that before going!	
Jul 24 2009 	Mandalay is OK.....	This was our 4th trip to Vegas so we thought we'd give Mandalay Bay and it's famous pools a try. Here's what we experienced:1) Our room on the 22nd floor had an amazing view of the strip and airport. Some of the furnishings are showing signs of wear, but overall it was a very nice and spacious room. The bathroom is well-appointed and the shower is decent. The bed was very soft and lumpy and definitely needs replacing.2) Advice was free but EVERYTHING else was extra: $15/day for wi-fi or internet; $23 to purchase inner-tubes for the lazy river; $30 a day to use the fitness centre... you get the picture!3) This is a VERY family used hotel possibly due to the pools. If you weren't at the pool area by 9:30 a.m. then it became very difficult to find two loungers together. If you are planning to relax and float in the &quot;Lazy River&quot; do it before 9:00 a.m. because after that it becomes the &quot;Crazy River&quot; full of moms, dads and tots. The wave pool did not live up to it's name and was also very crowded by 10:00 a.m. 4) We ate at the House of Blues. It was a good meal but costly. We checked the menus at the other on-site restaurants and were scared away by the prices and dress codes. We opted for Cheesecake Factory at the Forum Shops, PF Changs at Planet Hollywood and Johnny Rockets at the Fashion Mall. Lunch/dinner for two (2 entrees, 2 soft drinks=$40-$50)5) The tram is great as it's free and gets you closer to the action. But, it's still quite a distance to walk to the centre strip. Your feet will thank you if you buy the Duece travel pass. This double-decker bus is the cheapest way to travel the strip. You can buy your pass from the driver ($3 one way; $7 all day; $15 for 3 days). It stops in front of the main hotels/shopping areas. (The cost of a one-way cab ride from Forum Shops to Mandalay bay was $11!)6) If you plan on spending some time in your room relaxing and watching the tube, don't expect great channel selection. This is quite obviously NOT what the hotel wants you doing! movie channels were an extra fee and the HD plasma/LCD TV did not give you access to any HD channels.Bottom line: If you want an adult experience, stay at the Wynn. If you want a family experience, stay at Mandalay Bay, but bring lots of cash, you'll need it for all the extras!	
Jul 24 2009 	Annoying Mini Bar	We loved the hotel - it was clean, spacious, and the staff was friendly &amp; helpful. Our room was lovely, except for the annoying sensor-controlled mini bar that was located ON TOP of the dresser (it automatically charges you if something is removed). We were so afraid that we'd accidentally knock something off the mini bar that we didn't put anything on top of the dresser (maybe that's their strategy?). Our room was OK, but my friends room had the mini bar positioned in front of the TV, so it was directly in your field of vision when you were watching it. Even though we never incurred any charges from it, we felt like we were being set-up. It was a cheap touch to an otherwise well-appointed room and very pleasant stay. All that being said, it is my ONLY complaint - I would still recommend Mandalay Bay and I would gladly stay there again.	
Jul 23 2009 	Needs to alter their elevators	We stayed at Mandalay bay with 2 other couples for a birthday weekend. The room was nice. We had a view of the pool which was nice. We enjoyed the wave pool and the lazy river, but would have liked it better if the parents would have controlled their children more. We went to an adult location to gamble and be with adults not get trampled by unruly kids. Upon check in I would advise to request a floor other than the 17-34 floors. The elevators leading to these floors were constantly busy. We had to wait mutiple times in line for an elevator. It seemed they didnt have all 8 elevators working to get to these floors. It didnt matter the time of day either. From early am to late pm there was always more than 30 people waiting to get on an elevator. It didnt matter if we were coming down from our room or going up. The other couples we stayed with were on the 14th floor and never had any issues with their elevators. Other than that the hotel was nice, but I would probably stay elsewhere next time.	
Jul 20 2009	THE Hotel ...expensivebut almost worth it	I stayed here with my wife sometime ih June..the room we got had an a separate tiny living room and desk with a door separating the bedroom.there was a half bath in the first room which was good but it had NO EXHAUST..poor designoverall the room size was adequate,but then again they don't want you to get too comfortable....this is a casino after all first and foremost!the pool is probably the best on the strip but it's noisy and busy so if you want peace and quiet you're out of luck.location wise it's at the far end of the strip away from all the actionelevators are slow but maybe we caught it at a bad time.Overall the rooms are clean comfortable well appointed,elegant to a degree,but for a little more, you could be at the Four Seasons in the same complex which is night and day as far as I'm concerned	
Jul 19 2009 	Nice for teens	Got a discount code from VegasMessageBoard.com and stayed 3 nights for $129 a night mostly because of the pool. The teens very much enjoyed the beach. Temp was close to 115 degrees so extra credit is given from the walkway/tram to the Luxor and Excaliber that eventually lead to a bridge to the New York New York and finally another bridge to the MGM and shops near the Coke bottle. Hardly had to step out into the heat! Hotel itself was beautiful. Check in was fast and there were plenty of bell hops, parking valets and reservation clerks working when we arrived around 4 PM. The room was plenty big for the four of us and bathroom was also spacious. Our only complaint would be the line at the elevators both to and from our room. It drove us crazy to have to get in line for an elevator!	
Jul 18 2009 	Maid Walked in room and woke up me and my 10 month old.	have stayed at Mandalay Bay and The Hotel serval times over the years. However, on July 16, 2009 I had a terrible experience. My husband, my 10 month old son, and I had checked in around 12:30pm. After trying to track down our bags that were delivered to the wrong room room. We went to lunch. My husband decided to play poker at the poker room so I took my son up to the the room around 2pm. After 45 minutes of trying to get him to sleep. We fell asleep on the bed. I heard a slight knock on the door and then heard the door opened. I looked over there was a maid that yelled out &quot;room check, is everything ok?&quot; I told her yes right as the baby woke up screaming. She closed the door. When I called the front desk to ask what it was about. They just said sorry, and that the maid was making sure the room was cleaned. The manager then asked me, What I think she should do about it?. I spoke to three different managers that day. All had a different excuse on why the maid walked in. Basically nothing was done about it other than a quick apology. I was also told to put a do not disturb sign up if I didn't want the maid to come in. I was not impressed how any of the managers treated me, and I will never stay the Mandalay Bay, The Hotel, or Four Seasons again. We checked out after that since nothing was being done. Service was terrible.	
Jul 16 2009	A Great Vegas Excape	From the outside the Mandalay bay is a brilliant gold structure shining in the Nevada sun on the inside it is a spacious, tropical smelling lovely specimen of a resort that one doesn't have to leave once they enter.Featuring a floral paradise theme in many of the rooms, this hotel is one of my favorite places to stay. If you do go and you can get a room on the House of Blues floor I recommend that for the rooms are very cool and much more subdued type of chamber. Each room has a large bathroom with a big tub and a separate shower which can be good for multiple bathings at a time. The rooms come complete with all the regular Las Vegas Strip amenities (no mini bar).The Casino is pretty and has many places to get a drink up when you're taking a break from black jack hands. The Hotel has plenty of places to choose from when it comes to eating and drinking; my favorites include Red Square for cocktails, House of Blues for comfort food and Fleur De Lyse for fine dining.The pool area can get quite crowded and finding space can be a challenge but it is a nice place to spend an afternoon. The pool was waves and seems to be in the midst of Asian ruins.TheHotel is attached to this resort but I suppose that is a different entity unto it's self.	
Jul 15 2009 	Great Stay - can't wait to go back!	We stayed at the Bay from July 5th-8th. We were there with our 12 &amp; 10 year old and we all really enjoyed it! The hotel is beautiful and immaculate. It says First Class all the way! We rented a cabana on Monday which helped get us out of the mid-day dessert sun. Food service was better through the cabana runners than standing in line at the Grill. Lazy River was great! The kids enjoyed floating around for hours - with and without the inner tubes! Wave Pool was fun too - once you figured out how to ride the waves in. Timing of the waves is due to safety reasons. You do have to get down to the pool early if you want a chair near the shade. Otherwise prepare to bake!We stayed in a 550 sq. ft. room and it was plenty big for a family of 4. We had room for bags, rafts, etc. without tripping over each other. Beds were comfortable. We took advantage of the tram to Excalibur. Take the Deuce if you want to go down the strip further.Only downer was we couldn't get a later checkout - we had to be out by noon. Can't wait to go back again!	
Jul 14 2009	WOW - we loved THE Hotel and Vegas	Yes - WOW, we stayed at THE Hotel at Mandalay Bay and we couldnt have asked for anything better! The room was a suite with the biggest bath I've ever been in, I did actually manage to float in the bath it was that deep! The bed was huge and really comfortable, its the only trip where I've not been looking forward to getting home to my own bed! The Mandalay Resort is a great place to be based as its not a noisy as it could be further down the strip, plus its only a few minutes from the airport.The pool area was spotless, with plenty of available loungers, we had 4 in our party and always found beds together. We did not feel it was over-run with kids certainly the lazy river was busy but we werent there for the lazy river.The casino was great obviously better when you're winning, the staff were chatty and you only had to wait a few minutes for the waitresses to come round for your drinks order.The food in the resort was pricey and was not the best. We loved America in the New York, New York, the Mac Cheese is amazing! The portions were also huge so we only ordered 2 main courses and 2 starters for 4 of us.We saw Love The Beatles Cirque du Soliel at the Mirage, it was a good show but a bit far fetched by trying to put acrobat and stories behind some of the earlier Beatles songs. The music was fab though and the Strawberry Daquairies from the foyer helped the evening along :)This was our first time in Vegas so we wanted to cram in as much as possible in our week's trip and I must say we gave it a good bash!I cant wait to go back to Vegas and it'll definately be back to THE Hotel.	
Jul 13 2009 	Read this review!	We went to Mandalay Bay July 6th-11th.It was a extremley well kept, beautifully decorated, clean and tropically feeling hotel.Everyone was very polite. Room was GREAT!!! We were on the 8th floor. Room 8229. It was huge, had a king size bed....we had an amazing view of the strip!!!! WOW!~The pools were tons of fun.Nothing at this hotel was ripped, worn or old. I would definatley stay here again!Even though its on the end of the strip, it was never an issue. You are extremley close to everything! Great place!!!!!	
Jul 13 2009 	Best pool on the Strip- no comparison	Me and my wife spent 4 nights / 5 days in this fantastic hotel thanks to an all expense paid trip from my workplace- and it was a wonderful experience. Of course we were there on a fight weekend- Paquiao vs. Hatton and to our surprise the Mandalay Hotel is the official resort hotel for Manny Paquiao so there was quite a contagious buzz in the air that week. Since it was our first time there the FD agent asked if we would like a view of the strip or the beach, we chose beach because..we'll who wouldn't choose a beach view- little did we know that this meant pool area and Airport landing strip complete with an hourly motel and McDonalds view- so, if you are presented the choice- maybe pick the strip. The room was very clean and well kept, we each had our own closet and sink which was very nice so me and the wife could compare organizational and closet management skills all weekend. The individual sinks however finally pointed the finger of blame on me in regards to puddles around the sink back home- at least I won the closet contest. Aside from the ample living space, closet and main bathroom space, the toilet however was stuck in what appears to me as a laundry closet- quite crammed and small...I guess you could say it was kinda (-----). One thing I was surprised by was the lack of turn down service or towel changes- we really only received housekeeping once or twice in our room- maybe I scared them off with the puddles by my sink. The lobby and layout of the hotel is fine and you could spend a day walking around the place if you really wanted. The fitness facility is clean, bright and has ample equipment for cardio and kinda limited for weights- and yes to get there walk right through the spa.. I know the entrance and directions on their map don't mention this - but trust me- blast right through the spa and at the end of it you'll reach the hallway that leads you to the gym. Food choices are vast and go anywhere from cheap to outrageous- the only places we ate at in this hotel was the Noodle Shop (nothing stood out- not good or bad) and the Bayside Buffet which has a Fantastic breakfast buffet. Shops are kinda limited and useless really- hit the strip instead and the Casino... Don't waste your money, if you play the slots they seem to be especially ruthless here and after a few g's we gave up- in the whole time we were there we witnessed no jackpot winners and it explains the lack of players in this place, sling your money in Freemont- avoid the strip- your only fighting chance is where the locals go.. Head to Freemont! Finally, the Beach- wow, waves, sand and beautiful people under the sweltering Nevada sun- fantastic place. The river pool lets you follow the stream around and around-and the huge wave pool (keep in mind to go past the yellow line- those lifeguards will insist…trust me on this) is just awesome. Spend a day out there, definitely worth it! In regards to the price, she is not cheap. In response to all the complaints in regards to the distance from the strip- it ain't that bad- if you cut through the casino and head up the escalator you can take the Free Tram that takes you all the way to the walkway by the MGM and bam- your on the strip- walking won't kill you...it's all the margarita's and condo reps going up and down the strip- that's the killer! The hotel meals, poolside lunches, beverages and room rates are in the higher range of pricing so do this as a splurge, is it worth the price….after settling years of closet and sink controversies at home- definitely!	
Jul 12 2009 	Don't stay at Mandalay! They'll steal from your room!	Terrible experience! Terrible everything! And we're not hard to please. One-hour wait in check in line, rude staff. We tipped the housekeeping $10.00 on the bed every day, and they didn't even vacuum. They promised a discount they never gave. They stole some of our cosmetics and prescription drugs from our room while we were gone.Stay anywhere else in Vegas, but not at the Mandalay!	
Jul 12 2009 	Very nice hotel but a bit far from the strip	It's a very nice hotel with great service and great room. The huge bathtub is wonderful. The Mandalay bay beach is amazing and good for people traveling with kids.The buffet is great and cheap comparing to other buffets on the strip. The only drawback is too far to the strip.	
Jul 11 2009 	very expensive disaster	We paid &quot;event special price&quot; which was $40.00 higher than advertised elsewhere, then had terrible service. Bugs in the bed, and after bringing to the attention of the staff we were made to feel like it was our porblem not theirs. The room was not made up on two seperate occations and we spent 20 to 30 minutes on hold every time we tried to get in touch with special services personal. It took two or three phone call to get needed room services items. The staff was rude and inattentive. I bought my own bug spray and benadril for my own releif of the problems and spent three nights with interuped sleep.	
Jul 11 2009 	Never need to leave the hotel	We had such a wonderful time! We only left the hotel once and every other hotel and casino we walked through were smoky and dirtier. We spent one whole day poolside, and had a great time. I will agree that you WILL burn your feet without shoes, but that was the only negative regarding the pool area. We did rent a cabana, and it was totally worth every penny! The room was nice and beds very comfortable. Hotel wise everyone was very nice and accommodating, the only hotel complaint would be the walls were fairly thin, and you could hear people in the halls talking and doors shutting like they were in your room. Also, the Lion King was beyond excellent!	
Jul 10 2009 	Take me AWAY from the Mandalay Bay!	We decided to come to the Mandalay Bay because we heard they had this wonderful wave pool and beach. We were traveling with our kids, so we thought it would be a nice change from the average Las Vegas pool. First of all for a mere $430 a night we got a roomy 3 bedroom suite. Which was 360 paces from the elevator. The chairs were ripped, the refrigerator was stocked full of computerized and overpriced goodies. No coffee pot, no dishes, just big rooms with dirty windows, stained throw pillows and 5 TV's. So I thought maybe I was being too critical. So we go down to the pool, which they say is a 2 minute walk, it took us 15 minutes. We get in after standing in line for a baggage check. Get to the beach, the sand starts instantly burning my feet. So we find some chairs, no shade or umbrellas in sight. Get in the pool and they start yelling at me. Your child is too short for the wave pool. So fine, we walk to the other shallow area. It is very HOT this day. So I order a drink. 30 minutes to get an ice tea from the bar. I am in the pool with my daughter holding my drink in the shade, I get yelled at by a lifeguard and he says &quot;you can't have drinks on this side of the pool.&quot; I get out and I decide I want another drink, I walk into the bikini bar to get a drink myself, they yell &quot;no kids allowed in the bar&quot;. So needless to say, I was miserable. It was overpriced, understaffed and their pools were no big deal, too many rules.	
Jul 10 2009 	Very Good Experience	First time at Mandalay Bay. Loved the open feel. Room was standard and was adequate, bathroom was very nice. Elevators were crowded some but not always. If you experience a crowd at casino level, walk down the stairs to pool level and catch the elevator there. No waiting. Room wasn't made up one day and we had to call for towels when we got in that night.Overall a solid hotel and I would stay again. It has a completely different feel from other strip hotels.	
Jul 8 2009	Great Hotel w/ a pool to die for	I stayed at Mandalay Bay for 4 nights at the end of June 2009. The hotel was beautiful, kept clean, had great dining options, big casino area that didn't smell of smoke and a fabulous pool area. I'll break this up into a few areas.The rooms: nice decor, flat screen TV, TV in bathroom, seperate shower/tub, phone in toilet area (not sure why), in-room safe. Shower clogged up after 2nd night. We never got around to calling anyone about it since we were so busy. There were also times when we would come back from being out during the day to a dirty room even though you always saw the carts in the hallway. One time the cart was at the room next to ours and we left for like 3 hours. When we came back our room was still not clean, so not sure what the maids are really doing. They may be having their own party in the rooms ha ha. Amenities: fabulous. You need your room key to get into the pool area. There's a wave pool, lazy river, 2 pools off to the side and 2 private pools seperate from all the hustle. Drinks are about $10-$12. The spa was great. Actually the hotel is attached to TheHotel so you can use either spa. I chose the spa at The Hotel and it was worth the extra walk through the casino. It was the best spa I've been to. The prices were expensive but the experience was worth it. FYI...if you get the mud bath, you are in a regular bath but w/ brown water. I thought I would be in actual mud. One last thing...the line for elevators for the top floors is awful. There are 2 different elevator areas for floors 2-16 &amp; 17 &amp; up. Apparently the staff said that everyone wants a top floor so there are more people that ride those elevators. The line got so bad that the management had to take us to a service elevator at the other end. I was surprised they let us do that but was happy they were doing something about the long lines. Sometimes you would have to hop on an elevator going up to get back down. For some reason it would get full at the top and not open at some floors. It's hard to explain but my advice would be to get a room on 2-16. We were on floor 26 and there was nothing to get excited about. We had a view of a pile of dirt and parking lot.	
Jul 7 2009 	Mandalay Bay is the Best!	I have stayed here as well as The Hotel at MB many times. The staff is helpful and friendly, the rooms are spacious, well appointed and clean, and the casino is immaculate. I recommend it to both singles and families. You could stay at MB your entire trip and never leave the grounds. Try the MB Beach with the wave pool and lazy river and beach concerts in the summer.This past stay was over July 4th, and our only complaints were the overpriced drinks - which is expected in Vegas at such a resort.	
Jul 6 2009 	Busy but Still Relaxing	The hotel was PACKED (as expected) during our visit over the Fourth of July holiday. The Lazy River was body to body. If you are not an early riser (8 AM), plan on tipping the staff $5-$10 to find a chair for you. You may get lucky though as it seems there is a morning and afternoon shift. Bring your ID to the pool/beach if you would like a drink. Drinks are generally $10 each. A waitress will usually come around to you but on the Fourth we did not get any waitress service. The walkways are scorching hot to walk on. But then again, the heat is why we went to Vegas! :)Plan on 10 mins for the elevators each way just in case during peak times. If you need a taxi, know that Mandalay Bay is at the end of the strip. Ask the driver to avoid the strip and take the highway. Otherwise you will be stuck at a very, very long light in order to turn around.Quality of rooms did not suffer. You could go to the room for rest and relaxation and not be bothered by the party going on in the hotel. Bed is very comfy though you can tell the pillow top is a bit rounded due to people sleeping on either side and not in the middle. Do wish they had robes and turn down services. The lighting in the bathroom is poor but works with the lighting in most venues in Vegas (FYI for make-up purposes). Overall, upscale feel at the hotel pervades and we will be back. I was also impressed that Mandalay Bay sorts the trash for recyclables.	
Jul 5 2009 	Wonderful hotel!	We recently stayed in a suite and our room was fit for a king &amp; queen. We had over 1,000 square feet w/two bedrooms with the most comfortable king sized beds in each bedroom. There were a total of 5 flat screen TVs in our rooms including the bathrooms, and the entire exterior wall was all glass with the most spectacular view. There was a large living room, wet bar, and dining area. The food was good but pricey. One night we brought in pizza from Metro Pizza (rated #1 in Vegas) and ate in the room with all the lights off looking at the view. That was our best dinner yet.I mainly played craps and slots. I noticed that the waitresses were constantly available asking if we wanted drinks. I find this to be rare at other casinos. The crap table crew was fun and lively. They had great personalities and they kept even a losing table, fun.We came with our two daughters and had a great time at the pool (although chairs ARE hard to get together). They enjoyed the Shark Reef Aquarium too.Everything was perfect except at check-out. We were promised from the supervisor at the Players Club that everything would be &quot;comped&quot; except for our rooms due to our casino play. He said to check out in the morning in person and our bill would reflect that. It did not. I was told to call VIP services later to straighten it out which I did. I thought all was taken care of and called back later to confirm and nothing had been changed on the bill again. This was supposed to be taken care of, again, and I haven't tried back yet to confirm that. Overall, though, we LOVED Mandalay Bay!	
Jul 5 2009 	Shark Reef What a Joke	My husband &amp; I went to The Shark Reef at the Mandalay Bay Hotel. It is not worth the money. You would be better off going to The Mirage &amp; going to The Dolphin &amp; Lion Habitat.	
Jul 3 2009 	Sweet Resort	This place is very very nice. As soon as you walk in you will see that they spared no money in building a class A hotel and resort. Every employee was helpful and friendly,,the rooms are definitely worth the dollar. These places are expensive to eat and play in but if you plan it right,,,eat around the area,,buy your own drink and don't spend all your time in the casino you will have a great stay!!! We would recommend it to our friends. DerekCanada	
Jul 3 2009 	Nice rooms great restaurants but too many kids	I haven't stayed at Mandalay Bay in a long time and remember when &quot;The Beach&quot; at Mandalay was the pool to be at and the bars and clubs were hot spots. Things have changed. The rooms are still very nice -- comfy beds, deep soaking tub in the bathroom with lots of counter space, plasma TV's in the main area and bathroom, etc . . The restaurants are still good, the shops are OK, etc . . The one thing I did not enjoy was how family friendly Mandalay Bay has become. The pool was full of families, every time you tried to get on the elevator you could barely fit because families of five had huge rafts to bring to the pool. The night scene at Mandalay was sad. Mainly couples too excited to have a night away from the kids dancing to the band playing bad cover songs from the early 90's.The fitness center and spa were great!If you are a family looking for a nice play to stay you'll love Mandalay. If you are single or have no kids there are many other places in Vegas to stay that would better suit you.	
Jul 1 2009 	What we expected	We found a great deal on their website and since their pool has such a good reputation, we booked our anniversary weekend here. We weren't disappointed.We only waited a couple minutes in line to check in, but our turn at the desk went so smoothly that I thought I missed something. We were quickly on our way to wait in line for the elevator to get to our room! It turned out to be the only time that this happened going up, though the button on our floor malfunctioned later that evening and the elevators going down didn't stop. Otherwise our elevator experiences were smooth.Our room was clean, the bed and pillows comfortable but the TV remotes didn't work (hey, we have to check the weather to see if the next day is going to be 106 deg. and sunny or 107 deg. and sunny). The sectional couch looked nice, but could have been more comfortable, especially when you get online for a while (at $15 for 24 hours). We liked the bathroom area since we weren't in each others way when getting ready to go.The pools was what we expectated. We spend our day relaxing, reading, soaking in the cool water so we appreciate some shade, which was had a large demand and short supply. It was quite crowded both days, so they could have had another waitress or two on shift (they disappear for extended periods), but I managed to navigate to the bar for a bucket o' beer when desired. We floated around the lazy river a couple times and I taught my wife how to properly utilize the wave pool like the other (forty) eight year olds. The poor water quality at the MGM gave me pinkeye the last couple years, so I was glad that it wasn't a problem here. I would have liked a better variety of lunch choices, but we made do with what the menu.We caught a game at the sports book, where the waitress seemed to go out of her way to ignore our needs, but the pastrami sandwich at the deli made up for that. Usually we make a trip to the other casinos, but for the most part, we stayed on property this year and didn't miss much (like trying to get around the CityCenter construction). It didn't bother us that we were on the far end of the strip.Overall, we were pleased with our stay and hope to be back next year.	
Jul 1 2009	The Wedding Chapel Mandalay Bay	We just had our wedding in the Silver Chapel at Mandalay Bay. The place was beautiful- has a very nice modern look. IMO it is the best looking chapel in Las Vegas. Our guest were also impressed by the Chapel. The minister was great! He had a pleasant voice- he was very professional. The bad...The staff was terrible. They were very unorganized asking us 5 mins before the start about our order of groomsmen. We were very detailed with what we wanted. It seemed like our &quot;wedding planner&quot; if you can call these ladies that was upset that we didn't tip her upfront- so we didn't see her the day of the wedding. The planet I'm from you tip after the service is provided- but since the service was terrible we decided that the $1800 dollars we did spend for the ceremony would be plenty. No attention to detail whatsoever or maybe they just didn't spend the time and just treated us as another one of their 10 ceremonies that day. We weren't asking for red carpet treatment- its Vegas- we just wanted a little more professionalism from these so called wedding experts.	
Jul 1 2009 	NEVER AGAIN!	I fell in love with MB several years ago. It became our hotel home in Vegas, which we visit twice per year.The front desk staff have always been unfriendly. ALWAYS. But something started to go terribly wrong about a year and a half ago. First it was the pool being so crowded we couldn't find a chair - EVER. And then it became dirty rooms, being shorted towels in the bathroom and dirty showers in the rooms, to no maid service until 5pm. The toilet in our room also had a dark burn on the seat and the bed was terribly uncomfortable. This hotel always had such a beautiful smell to it, but last time, it was more like a cheap gas station restroom smell. The lazy river was SO crowded, we didn't even get in it this time. When I mentioned some of the problems to the hotel staff, they actually became abusive with me!!!!!!I believe this was once a solid 4-star hotel. However, for the experienced traveler, it's a 3-star, on a good day. What did it for us was the obvious &quot;escorts&quot; in the casino and the blatant ones in the hallways, knocking on their &quot;customer's&quot; doors. We will NEVER stay here again. Consider yourselves warned.	
Jun 30 2009 	Was I at the Mandalay Bay or Disney? Hmmm..	Short and sweet...or not so sweet.Easter weekend full of kids. WHO KNEW? Who takes their kids to sin city on Easter? OK OK, that in itself forced us to the adult only pool which was skanky at best. Choices: Kids vs Skanks. Rooms were okay but staff was HORRID. It took them an hour to bring ice bags to our room since it seemed they forgot something important each day they cleaned our room. Did I mention the staff was horrid? Not only were they rude, but they made me and my friend walk into the hotel soaking wet because there was some &quot;rule&quot; about taking a towel from the pool to the room. And not only was that &quot;rule&quot; cattle called to us, the attendants actually smarted off to us when we protested! However, for that the hotel manager did give us a free lunch by the pool the next day. Which of course for my friend they brought the wrong food. How does cheeseburger sound like fish tacos anyway?The ONLY good thing about the hotel was the restaurant Strip Steak. I about killed over when someone actually greeted me and told me we could order our food however we wanted and family style if that is how we chose it. Yes, the BEST experience in Vegas was that restaurant. Mandalay Bay SUCKED. Sorry, cant say it any nicer. Actually, that was being nice. I didnt realize the crowd there was so trashy too...thats another story for another time. Take me to the Bellagio.	
Jun 29 2009 	Nice hotel - just don't eat or drink there.	We stayed at the Mandaly Bay because of a great offer on the room. However, I find $14.00 for a martini or 13.50 for a albeit good pastrami sandwich is more than high. A beautiful facility but gouging on very item you might want to purchase is just over the top.	
Jun 29 2009 	Great Hotel	We have stayed at this hotel numerous times since it opened and it is the hotel that we continue coming back to. We have tried others on the stip but still love going back to Mandalay Bay as our first choice. I have read the other reviews and thought I should finally contribute our opinions. We travel quite a bit and stay in numerous hotels throughout the year.We have always been able to check in before the official time. We usually arrive mid week. Front desk staff aren't the most friendly but I figure you don't have to deal with them once you've checked in. Over the years we have stayed in a wide variety of rooms here. Overall the rooms are in good shape and the beds are comfortable. Maid service was excellent. We saw her on the first day and told her we would be out of the room early in the mornings. The room was always clean by at least 10 am.Room service is good. The pool is one of the reasons we go. Our kids are 2 and 4 and love the lazy river and the side of the wave pool not to mention playing in the sand. We usually rent a cabana because it is too hot to stay outside all day with the kids. Cabanas have a mini fridge, tv, fan, chairs, lounge chairs and some even have a change area. They are a a bit pricey but well worth it for us. Food and drink prices are comparable to other hotels. We have been to the spa on previous visits and were very happy with both the Mandalay and The Hotel spas.Kids always love the Shark Reef. NY NY has a great arcade for them too. I have rated the location a 4 only because it is at the end of the strip which may not be great for some people. For us it is one of the pluses for this hotel. It is much quieter than some of the hotels mid strip. It is very easy to catch the tram or a taxi to get where you want to go. We love the scent in the air and the lack of smoke in the casino.We are already planning our next trip back.	
Jun 26 2009 	Great Place but too crowded and a less than concerned for guests	My friends and I stayed at MB for three nights (Sun-Wednesday). It has a great physical presence and is generally well maintained. Even given the cheap rate of $70/night, I got a good room on a high floor with a nice view of the strip and the airport. I think MB is a good place to stay, but I will detail the problems I had as it appears numerous others have already covered its good points.1) if you are coming for the pool or pool area, reconsider. All the chairs are taken minutes after they open. You can sit/lay around and wait for someone to leave but that is not my dream of a great LV trip. The pools are wall to wall people and intertubes. Lots of families having fun, which is great, but both the wave and lazy river pools where just too crowded for me to enjoy.2) restaurants are good, but Raffles and many of the others are really overpriced for what you get (but I guess I wouldn't lower Raffles' prices if I owned the place, it was always busy).3) a taxi driver tried to rip off my friend on a 3am trip from Venetian to MB and their taxi dispatcher/loader, the front line MB employee for such situations, was totally unhelpful or supportive. My friend said to take the strip and the driver took the freeway and overshot MB for good measure. When they arrived at MB my friend got the doorman/taxi dispatcher and said he was only going to pay the $14 of the $18 meter and explained why. MB's dispatcher said something to the effect: &quot;why don't you just pay the guy, you don't want to escalate this do you?&quot; So much for MB taking care of their guests. My friend then asked for security. After about 20 minutes and a call for the taxi commission to send someone over, my friend settled for $12 total and a wave of foreign obscenities barraged at him. The security guy told my friend he was happy to see someone finally stand up to those taxi driver criminals.I understand the taxi dispatcher's incentive: he gets a cut of taxis' strip club &quot;commissions&quot; and other &quot;third party payments&quot; and so wants to stay on good terms with taxi drivers -- doesn't want to get a bad rep. in taxi land. But it is indefensible of MB to tolerate its employees not assisting its customers in clear cut cases of ripoff. The driver didn't dispute picking my friend up at the Venetian, taking the freeway, or even overshooting the MB exit. The dispatcher should have said &quot;yes, $18 sounds like too high from the Venetian. If the driver won't take your offer of $14, let's call the taxi commission -- but you should know it will take X hours or minutes.&quot;	
Jun 26 2009 	Great Resort for First Vegas Experience!	I accompanied my husband on a business trip to Vegas for 3 nights. This was my first time in Vegas &amp; I was very pleased at where we stayed. Mandalay Bay was chosen due to a conference my husband attended. From the time I landed at the airport, I noticed how hospitable most of the service employees were (from car rental to hotel).Mandalay Bay is classy; not over the top or pretentious yet comfortable and beautiful. I noticed it is a resort that caters to every type of person - from singles to couples to families with children. The first day I arrived I enjoyed the room. It was on the 25th floor &amp; had a nice view of the pools. I greatly enjoyed the bathroom - having a large space with seperate tub &amp; shower is something I look for in a resort. The one strange thing I will mention, quite simply because it's odd but funny to me, is that when you first enter the room, there is a beveled glass window to the left that looks into the bathroom. While sitting in the tub, you can look out the glass at the hotel room door. I was peacefully enjoying my bath, eyes shut, when I heard the door open. I hadn't secured the permanent lock because my husband was due to return to the room. Of course I thought it was him, but it wasn't! To this day I don't know who it was.. I'd like to think it was the maid! The water was running and again my eyes were closed so all I heard was the sound of the door opening - I called out for my husband, turned off the water &amp; of course heard no response. The door had shut as quickly as it had opened. I actually got out of the tub to check - needless to say I was weirded out! But hey, they deserved to see whatever it is that they saw is my thought.We ate at China Grill that first evening. It was of course pricey but on par for eating in a Vegas resort. I had a tasting option which allowed for samples from all courses. The food was awesome - eclectic Asian. It was worth the price but let me mention that there was A LOT of food. Two people could very easily split that meal. I had a mixed drink that was called Pear Iced Tea - it was very tasty! I enjoyed the beach &amp; pool area - I've read many reviews that said it was difficult to find a lounge chair. I didn't encounter this at all but maybe it had to do with time of year? Anyways, again the service was awesome. Drink girls were prompt &amp; very friendly. The bar &amp; grill on site had a wonderful pita &amp; hummus appetizer that paired well with the turkey avocado on pretzel roll sandwich. Pina coladas were yummy! I had one both on the beach &amp; at a little bar outside the spa area - that one seemed stronger :)I took advantage of some of the Mandalay Spa amenities - please see my review in that section. Also, my husband did decide to eat off site at a local restaurant called Off The Strip - Just Real Food. Please read my review there as well!Overall the Mandalay Bay had everything you'd want in a Vegas resort. I would stay here again.	
Jun 25 2009 	Plush resort	We got a great deal on room rates. Stayed for 4 nights. Walked into the room and previous guests had evidently come back to use the room after cleaning service. So we called front desk. They apologized, changed our keys as we spoke, and moved us to another room within minutes. Our K bedroom was large with two sectionals, desk, lg flat screen tv, lighted his and hers closets, inroom safe. Bathrooms have Gilchrist &amp; Soames toiletries, separate room for toilet, separate shower, large tub, and marble floors and counters with double sinks. We found it to be very quiet. People using the sand beach &amp; pool area can buy tubes for floating, but sometimes you can get a tube from someone cking out. The resort is on the south end of the strip. After walking thru several other casinos, Mandalay is definitely brighter &amp; cheerier than most. The staff was always very friendly and helpful to us.Don't expect complimentary coffee makers, frigs, water bottles etc. There is a daily charge for refrigerator use and all beverages can be purchased at any of the 14 restaurants downstairs, or at the pop machine on the floor. Internet was one dollar per minute or fifteen per day in room. Charge to use fitness area. Free valet parking with complimentary waters, but tipped the staff.	
Jun 25 2009 	Nice stay during spring break	Stayed for spring break with my family. I was worried about my teenage daughters being there during spring break and all the college students. It was no different than any other time of the year. The hotel was very clean and we had a great time during our trip. We did have a problem one night since the people next to our room had a party. It seemed like the walls were paper thin since we could hear the music and talking. It was probably 1:00 A.M. and we were ready to go to sleep. We called security and they were there within five minutes to take care of the problem. Another problem was that there was only one restaurant open late. The service was terrible since it took a long time for them to give me my food. Overall, this hotel is nice and quiet but I will try another one next trip to Vegas. I am always receiving free night offers from other hotels hotels I have stayed at, but this one only sent me discounter rates. I enjoyed it because it was a family trip and I wanted to be away from the &quot;partying scene&quot; but wll stay somewhere else next time.	
Jun 23 2009 	Great Stay - will go back again!	Stayed June 6th - 10thChecked in Saturday around 5:00 pm, no problems, friendly customer service. got our rooms right away. Headed up to the Mix Lounge, a must see, even if you just stop by for a few drinks as we did. Got there around 7:30 and watched the lights come on over the strip. Went to the pool both Sunday and Monday. Sunday we did not find chairs right away so just set up along the pool side had a cabana all day (10:00-7:00) Monday. well worth extra money for us.Amazingly it was a very relaxing trip and MB was great, nice staff.elevators - never a problemkids at the pool - more in the beach area but very few in the east or west lagoon poolsrooms - a little worn, but who cares, you are in them 6-8 hours a day	
Jun 20 2009 	Tropical Paradise	This is a video of our trip... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CyEVBU5P8lM&amp;feature=channel_page We loved the hotel. Would definitely stay there again. Anytime. When we were out at the pools, it was like being at a resort on the beach in Hawaii, or the Caribbean or Mexico. Lots of palm trees and flowers. It was hard to leave the hotel and venture off. First day we got to Las Vegas. We arrived at the hotel at 1 pm and were able to check in right away. The hotel is the largest on the strip and very imposing when you first drive up to it. Like how the heck am I going to find my way around here? But it was pretty easy. They had a lot of signs with arrows that helped a lot. Our room was VERY far from the elevator! The room was amazing! Very big and pretty. I love the big tub and HDTV in the bathroom. You wouldn't think you would want a TV. in the bathroom, but it was nice to watch the news in the morning while getting ready. One day I had a bubble bath and watched part of a movie. Only until the water got cold :) The bed had a down mattress topper and was very soft and comfortable. The windows were huge with an amazing view. The only bad thing was the fridge was full of stuff to buy and was electronically controlled to charge you if you took something out of it. So was not usable for us.The first thing we did after getting tour room was to change and go down to the pool area. We luckily found lounge chairs because someone was just leaving. It was packed that day. Hundreds of people. Lots of college kids. After our swim we got showered and changed for dinner. It was our anniversary, so we went to the Rumjungle, in the hotel. They have Brazilian food. Their specialty is the barbecued meats on skewers. We each had the *Brazilian Rodizio-style &quot;fire-pit,&quot; signature entrees include Wood-Fire Mai-Tai Cured Island Spiced Salmon and Huli-Huli Rotisserie Chicken with a Pineapple Teriyaki Glaze. Pork, Beef Sirloin, Tri Tip, Lamb etc. They start you off with salads and cheese All very interesting and different from anything we have had before. and very good rolls. Then they bring you a platter with rice and beans. Different guys come around with the meats on tall metal skewers and carve you off some. A few minutes later a another guy with something else. Until you finally say &quot;no more&quot; ! It is all you can eat. We could have asked to more of anything we had. Everything was very good and an experience to say the least. We walked all over the hotel afterwards to walk off some of the dinner. Played a few slots etc. Day two we rented a car. We were able to pick it up right at the hotel. They had an office at the hotel. I reserved one before we left home. We started off going to Henderson and having breakfast at the Green Valley Ranch. It was a pretty resort with beautiful grounds. Very good price for a yummy buffet ( this was our only buffet of the trip). We drove to the Lake Mead recreation area. It was warm but not too hot. We went to a beach on the lake and I floated around on the ring for a bit. We took a nice drive through the area, and came out of the park at Lake Las Vegas, where we walked around the shops on the waterfront of the lake. Had a nice walk along the lake. Saw a cute baby wild bunny. Then on to the historic Freemont district to see &quot;Old Las Vegas&quot;. We spent 4 hours there. It was fun. We played some old fashioned slots that took real quarters. Had a couple 99 cent Margaritas. We had dinner at Mickie Finnz. They had a Monday night special. Rib Steak dinner and a beer for $10.00. The chef was barbecuing the steaks outside in front. They were delicious! Drove down the strip at night and saw all the lights and hundreds of people walking on the strip. We got back to the hotel parked the car and went back to our room. We were tired out!Jim's birthday. We decided to explore the strip a bit. We took the tram that went to the Luxor and walked from there to the MGM. We saw the Lion exhibit and took part in a group survey for a new T.V. episode. It was interesting. We didn't care for the show though. We planned to go to lunch at Ellis Island. We heard it had really good food for reasonable prices. We took a free shuttle to the Hard Rock. Someone told us we could walk to Ellis Island no problem .Well it was WAY TOO FAR! We were very relieved when we finally found it. It was good and cheap. Afterwards we walked to the nearest hotel to get a cab back to our hotel. A limo driver said he would only charge us $10.00 to take us back. So we got back in style in a limo :) We went to the pool and swam a bit when we got back. They have something there called the &quot;Lazy River&quot; It was really fun to ride the swim ring on it. It was crowded with other people. Kind of like bumper boats. But beware There is a waterfall around a corner that you can only escape by going way to the right then they way to the left. Or you get soaked! We tried the wave pool. It was kind of boring. For Jim's Birthday dinner Jim wanted to go back to the Rumjungle for happy hour and order drinks and free appetizers. They had good drinks but the appetizers were two small Chimichungas. So we walked around trying to decide which of the many restaurants in the hotel Jim wanted to go to. We walked by one of the nightclubs at the hotel and a really good band was playing. Very good female lead singer. It was a promotional party for Rockstar energy drinks. We went in to listen to the music and a gal brought us two drinks. Rockstar with vodka, for free! We ended up staying there for over an hour. Free drinks and great band . We danced too! It was packed with people and very fun. We got too drunk and decided to find some place for dinner. We ate at the House of Blues. I had a barbecue sandwich and Jim had a Margarita pizza and half my sandwich. Afterwards we played some slots and back to the room to bed. Next day home. Tired and slightly hung over. :) We loved the hotel. Would definitely stay there again. Anytime. When we were out at the pools, it was like being at a resort on the beach in Hawaii, or the Caribbean or Mexico. Lots of palm trees and flowers. It was hard to leave the hotel and venture off. First day we got to Las Vegas. We arrived at the hotel at 1 pm and were able to check in right away. The hotel is the largest on the strip and very imposing when you first drive up to it. Like how the heck am I going to find my way around here? But it was pretty easy. They had a lot of signs with arrows that helped a lot. Our room was VERY far from the elevator! The room was amazing! Very big and pretty. I love the big tub and HDTV in the bathroom. You wouldn't think you would want a TV. in the bathroom, but it was nice to watch the news in the morning while getting ready. One day I had a bubble bath and watched part of a movie. Only until the water got cold :) The bed had a down mattress topper and was very soft and comfortable. The windows were huge with an amazing view. The only bad thing was the fridge was full of stuff to buy and was electronically controlled to charge you if you took something out of it. So was not usable for us.The first thing we did after getting tour room was to change and go down to the pool area. We luckily found lounge chairs because someone was just leaving. It was packed that day. Hundreds of people. Lots of college kids. After our swim we got showered and changed for dinner. It was our anniversary, so we went to the Rumjungle, in the hotel. They have Brazilian food. Their specialty is the barbecued meats on skewers. We each had the *Brazilian Rodizio-style &quot;fire-pit,&quot; signature entrees include Wood-Fire Mai-Tai Cured Island Spiced Salmon and Huli-Huli Rotisserie Chicken with a Pineapple Teriyaki Glaze. Pork, Beef Sirloin, Tri Tip, Lamb etc. They start you off with salads and cheese All very interesting and different from anything we have had before. and very good rolls. Then they bring you a platter with rice and beans. Different guys come around with the meats on tall metal skewers and carve you off some. A few minutes later a another guy with something else. Until you finally say &quot;no more&quot; ! It is all you can eat. We could have asked to more of anything we had. Everything was very good and an experience to say the least. We walked all over the hotel afterwards to walk off some of the dinner. Played a few slots etc. Day two we rented a car. We were able to pick it up right at the hotel. They had an office at the hotel. I reserved one before we left home. We started off going to Henderson and having breakfast at the Green Valley Ranch. It was a pretty resort with beautiful grounds. Very good price for a yummy buffet ( this was our only buffet of the trip). We drove to the Lake Mead recreation area. It was warm but not too hot. We went to a beach on the lake and I floated around on the ring for a bit. We took a nice drive through the area, and came out of the park at Lake Las Vegas, where we walked around the shops on the waterfront of the lake. Had a nice walk along the lake. Saw a cute baby wild bunny. Then on to the historic Freemont district to see &quot;Old Las Vegas&quot;. We spent 4 hours there. It was fun. We played some old fashioned slots that took real quarters. Had a couple 99 cent Margaritas. We had dinner at Mickie Finnz. They had a Monday night special. Rib Steak dinner and a beer for $10.00. The chef was barbecuing the steaks outside in front. They were delicious! Drove down the strip at night and saw all the lights and hundreds of people walking on the strip. We got back to the hotel parked the car and went back to our room. We were tired out!Jim's birthday. We decided to explore the strip a bit. We took the tram that went to the Luxor and walked from there to the MGM. We saw the Lion exhibit and took part in a group survey for a new T.V. episode. It was interesting. We didn't care for the show though. We planned to go to lunch at Ellis Island. We heard it had really good food for reasonable prices. We took a free shuttle to the Hard Rock. Someone told us we could walk to Ellis Island no problem .Well it was WAY TOO FAR! We were very relieved when we finally found it. It was good and cheap. Afterwards we walked to the nearest hotel to get a cab back to our hotel. A limo driver said he would only charge us $10.00 to take us back. So we got back in style in a limo :) We went to the pool and swam a bit when we got back. They have something there called the &quot;Lazy River&quot; It was really fun to ride the swim ring on it. It was crowded with other people. Kind of like bumper boats. But beware There is a waterfall around a corner that you can only escape by going way to the right then they way to the left. Or you get soaked! We tried the wave pool. It was kind of boring. The kids really enjoyed it. They waited for the wave and rode it in on their bellies.For Jim's Birthday dinner Jim wanted to go back to the Rumjungle for happy hour and order drinks and free appetizers. They had good drinks but the appetizers were two small Chimichungas. So we walked around trying to decide which of the many restaurants in the hotel Jim wanted to go to. We walked by one of the nightclubs at the hotel and a really good band was playing. Very good female lead singer. It was a promotional party for Rockstar energy drinks. We went in to listen to the music and a gal brought us two drinks. Rockstar with vodka, for free! We ended up staying there for over an hour. Free drinks and great band . &quot;Oddyssey&quot; We danced too! It was packed with people and very fun. We got too drunk and decided to find some place for dinner. We ate at the House of Blues. I had a barbecue sandwich and Jim had a Margarita pizza and half my sandwich. I had read on here that the Barbecue sandwich was good, but it was over done and dry and the bun was hard. Not real good. JIm loved his pizza and the fires were good. Afterwards we played some slots and back to the room to bed. Next day home. Tired and slightly hung over. :)	
Jun 19 2009 	Mandalay Bay plus the "Fun" in "Fun in the Sun!"	My wife and I were planning on spending a long weekend in Vegas with her family, who were flying in from the west coast, and we all wanted to stay at a casino with excellent outdoor facilities for sunbathing as well as quality lodging, dining opportunities and gambling. Our online research leaned towards Mandalay Bay (MB) and so we decided to give the casino/resort a try. Our four day/three night vacation at MB began early Friday afternoon with a quick and pleasant check-in experience. Our first impressions were very positive as everything appeared luxurious and visually appealing. Our room had a cozy king size bed, big screen television and luxurious marble/tile bath. The closet space was more than adequate and a nice touch included a safe inside to secure valuables. Concerned that some casino hotel rooms recycle smoky air through the vents, we need not have worried as our 14th floor room at MB circulated nothing but clean air over our entire stay. Our only other concern was the chance of picking up other folks' conversations due to &quot;thin walls.&quot; Although some young folks were a bit inconsiderate in loudly conversing on one of our nights (hopefully they were celebrating a big win in the casinos!), we really didn't have any problems with noise from adjacent rooms which was a plus.The main reason we stayed at MB was to take in their famous pools and poolside setting. To say it was a treat would be quite an understatement! We were surrounded predominantly by a 20 and 30-something crowd; however, they were having a great time and everyone was, for the most part, considerate. For example, one day we were late in getting to the pool are which meant no lounge chairs were available. So, as we made do with throwing towels down on the beach, folks near us were nice enough to let us know when they were leaving so we could use their lounge chairs. The facilities themselves were very clean and well organized ... though the sidewalks to get from one area to another were a bit narrow but not a big deal at all. The temps were in the mid 80s during our stay and the wave pool was around 80 degrees or so which was a perfect refresher after getting toasty from the warm, dry sun. We didn't use any of the other pools but did hop in the lazy river which was fun. We also used the spa but it was only lukewarm and not too enjoyable. Servers passed by regularly to take drink orders and had no problem letting us charge them to our room which was very convenient. We didn't try out the Moorea Beach Club but it looked very elegant and perhaps we'll give it a go the next time we stay here (spoiler alert on our recommendation for this hotel!). In all, the pool area lived up to its hype as one of the best in Vegas - if not, THE best.We dined at MB for all meals during our stay and were most impressed by the quality (and quantity) of our meals everywhere we ate. The Noodle Shop (reminded me of the type of food served at PF Changs but better) was wonderful on our first night. Breakfast the next morning at Raffles Cafe was not only delicious but kept us full the entire day! Dinner that night at rumjungle was an absolute dream! They filled us up so much that we scaled down to a small breakfast, the next morning, at Red, White and Blue which was still filling! Our final night was spent at Jpop Sushi Bar &amp; Lounge and the sushi was, by far, the best we've eaten in over a decade! Lucky for my wife and I that we're runners, as we both gained a few pounds on this vacation, which means we had a few extra miles to run when we returned home to burn it all off! Dining at MB was first class all the way and there's something available for every taste to ensure nobody is left disappointed.Finally, we visited the Shark Reef Aquarium and were very impressed. Admission buys you a tour of the aquarium with an audio guide that provides helpful and informative information on the exhibit. I loved it all but was most impressed by the sharks who, when they pay you up-close face time, can be somewhat intimidating; I sure wouldn't want to have a run-in with them!In summary, MB is an outstanding casino resort at the very end of the Vegas strip. We both had a wonderful time and will definitely visit again. The only advice I'll offer, and it's something that's been said over and over, is get to the pool as soon as it opens in order to guarantee yourself a lounge chair! MB gave us plenty of &quot;fun in the sun&quot; and we'll be sure to come back for more in the future!	
Jun 16 2009 	Mandalay Bay - Loved it except for the elevators	I've stayed at 6 strip hotels in the last 6 years...this one is now my favorite.We stayed here June 10-13 in a &quot;550 DR View Room&quot; that we booked directly through the Mandalay Website. We checked in right at 3:00pm and got a room on the 22nd floor, non-smoking, King Bed as requested.Rooms are spacious, clean, and decor very nice. Plasma on the wall and an IPOD dock!! Nothing but compliments for the room and maid service. The only negative was the elevators to the upper floors...there was always a line...clearly the hotel screwed something up when they designed the elevators. Worst wait was 10 minutes, but usually had to wait at least 3-5 minutes for an elevator. Pool area is crowded, but the pool guys can find you a spot if you give them a couple of minutes. Prices are resort expensive...no worse than any other 4 star place we've stayed in Vegas. I plan to return to Manadalay next year.	
Jun 16 2009 	Bad Customer service. No help with a MAJOR PROBLEM.	I have stayed at Mandalay a couple of times in the past and last week I stayed at The Hotel for a business event. I live in Orange County and stay in Vegas at least half as dozen times a year. My traveling companion girlfriend is a travel agent.I was in room 25215 over the holiday weekend. I gave a Voluntary statement to Brian Keough in security still don’t have a references number though.Myself , my 14 year old son and my girlfriend of many years were invaded by hookers Sunday Morning. I sent my son to Starbucks for morning coffee at about 8 AM. When I opened the door for his return 2 women barged into the room. Scantilly dressed stoned, yelling we have weed. I was sort of in shock trying to figure the scene. One of the girls went to the bed hicked up her skirt and began to dry hump away and moan as my 14 year old boy and girlfriend watched. We all started yelling at them to leave. They told me how I liked it and grabbed at my privates several times. They finally left. I called security immediately and gave a verbal report. I expected to see at least someone come up for a more elaborate report and a person or 2 in security uniforms looking around. None of which happened. At 2:30 in the afternoon after thinking about we went to security desk to fill out a written report. Brian Keough pleasant enough gave us forms we filled out and I’ve enclosed. He told us to come back and get a DR# and find out who had been assigned. We went back 4 hours later talked to Eric Simmons about the report, he couldn’t find it and said to come back later. We did he gave us a copy of what we had filled out but still no references number. He suggested we come back again to find out the number and that we talk to guest services. Called back still no DR# .After leaving security we walked over to the front desk and spoke with the manger on shift Sunday evening a tall bigger dude with dark hair. He told us that he needed a DR# and didn’t have any authority to compensate. He suggested we call/ come back when we had the report number. I called Tuseday from my office and got the absolute runaround.I will not stay at your property again thats 2 times a year for 20 years and my girlfriend travel agent will not refer people there in the future. It’s a damn shame because you do have a nice property.You have to show a room key to get into the pool but, nothing to get up to the rooms. Nice security....	
Jun 16 2009 	beautiful hotel	Our room at the Mandalay Bay Resort was so nice that I didn't want to leave the room. The bathroom was very large and luxurious, like a master bathroom. It had double sinks, a large spa tub, a separate shower and water closet. We had a rollaway bed for one of our children and it was as comfortable as the regular beds in the room. The wave pool and lazy river were awesome. The only thing that could be improved upon for families with young children is to have more casual dining choices on site like the Venetian has. The service was excellent. Our luggage and rollaway bed were delivered to our room in the short time it took us to ride up on the elevator.	
Jun 16 2009 	For the money stay somewhere else.	Elevators for general public don't go from top floor to bottom (split) are always slow and usually over worked. Not enough personnel available to help or answer questions. Stained bath tub, spotted rugs, gouged corners in the wall and general cleanliness of the room made me think I was at a Howard Johnson's. Reservation was for four nights on a call-in, when we got there they had only three nights booked so the desk said &quot;You can stay the extra night but it'll be twenty dollars more - typical&quot;.	
Jun 15 2009 	FABULOUS FABULOUS FABULOUS!	MY best friend and I decided to take a last minute trip to celebrate and unsuspected milestone in my life...I have stayed at a few hotels in vegas, and consider myself a well traveled person. My previous trip was in march, and i stayed at THE PALMS in a suite, which was horrendous from the customer service to the hideous room..my regular room at MANDALAY was 1000 times better than my suite there!! the room was stunning, relaxing, modern and super clean! from the plasma tv, ipod station, and the giant tub, this room had it all! it made me curious to see how beautiful a &quot;real&quot; suite in vegas would be.THe customer service was superp from check in to pool staff..this place had it down! The house of blues, became an unsuspected favorite during happy hour, with wonderful bartenders and unbeatable special! i have been bragging about this place since i got home, and am already looking up when i can go back...You CAN NOT go wrong with mandalay bay, and absolute must stay..HANDS DOWN!	
Jun 14 2009	Not worth the money	The elevator system is inexcusable;I spent a good amount of time waiting to get off and on them.There was not enough varieties of restaraunts on the premises;the ones that were there were over priced.The television channels were a joke;I couldn't even watch the Lifetime channel because it wasn't available!!!!!!!!!!! As my first time in Vegas I was very disappointed in our hotel choice.When I asked the Concierge the directions of 2 locations she said she never heard of them.	
Jun 14 2009 	A strange mix	Fairly nice digs, but our room faced the pools and the airport. Lots of noise from the jets, but especially from the onslaught of helicopters. My brother and his wife were on the other side, and it was much quieter, and a nicer view. Make sure you ask for a strip view room.There is a strange mix here. &quot;The Lion King&quot; was playing and the wave pools are great for those with children. Because of that the place was packed with kids. On the other hand, &quot;The Bay&quot; tries to cater to the jet set, and you see young partiers and pretty girls in thong bikinis mixing it up with all the kids. I was into neither crowd, so to be fair I was really out of place.The pools were packed, no lounge chairs after about 10am, and the elevators were worse. We waited for about 20 minutes for an elevator mid-day. The place was fairly clean, but not as clean as the Bellagio or Wynn or other places I have stayed.Worst of all these places are like cruise ships. They capture you with the low room rates and then hold your bank account hostage for water, drinks and food. $4 for a small bottled water, $10 for aspirin, $12 for a Martini, really expensive meals, etc... Remember, you are at the end of strip here making almost all visits to other locations cab or tram necessary, except for the two casinos next door. First time here and I would not really recommend it for a great Vegas experience.	
Jun 14 2009 	Still one of the best bets on the strip	This stay marked my 10th trip to Las Vegas so I have come to expect high levels of service and expectations on my vegas trips. Mandalay Bay is a first-class facility with their renovated pool area and rooms. I have stayed at this property on two other occasions and usually have found the gambling to be poor compared to other hotels on the strip; yet, we enjoyed loose slots and a very fun craps experience. Some may complain about the hotel's location but we have no problem walking through the adjoining Luxor and Excalbur or simply taking the monorail to the Excalibur-Ny Ny area. I recommend building in time to enjoy the pool at Mandalay Bay. We actually arrived both early AM (9 ish) and mid-day (2 PM) and found ample seating. The pool seemed to really clear out by 4:30 PM. Our only problem did occur at the pool where we bothered by two pesky pigeons which really added to the beach experience. Hopefully, Mandalay Bay will take steps to remove these birds from the pool area. They were constantly trying to get at guests food and belongings.Birds aside, the lazy river and wave pool are very fun. Another must-do is the Burger Bar at Mandalay Place. Two final personal recommendations to make would be the Monte Carlo Breakfast buffet (I know all hotels have a buffet) but the Monte Carlo is very fresh, clean and reasonable ($11 per person). Lastly, a good, quick breakfast is to take a quick walk through Luxor and hit the Krispy Kreme Donut restaurant at the Excalibur food court. Makes for a cheap and fast breakfast! We were in standard king room. The bed and furniture are very modern and above average. Everything was very clean and their bathrooms w/separate showers are very impressive. Will defintely return!	
Jun 13 2009 	Beautiful Hotel Big Bathroom 	Check-in (5 stars)Room (4 stars) - comfortable beds, nice view, big bathroom, tub (need a little touch-up cleaning, 2 TVs, quiet)Elevators (2.5 stars) - seem to have lots of traffic during check-in &amp; check-out - we had to wait 30 minutes to get down the elevator on the day we checked-outLocation (4 stars) - we liked the location, but it was a long walk to mid-strip - the tram was workingBeach/Pool (4.5 stars) - we were lucky and always had a chair - the lazy pool was good, but sometime got over-crowed with rowdy adults or lots of kids - my daughter loved the hot tubEntertainment (5 stars) - we loved Lion King.Casinos (5 stars) - I won with first try on the slots. - lady in the elevator said she won big.Lobby (5 stars) - big &amp; nice scentThis was our first stay in Las Vegas. We were pleased with Mandalay Bay with the biggest disappointment being the elevators.	
Jun 12 2009 	BEST BEDS EVER	we took our teenager and her friend, we booked a two bed room suite and it was worth it. it was a little pricey but the 5 tv's and both bathrooms having a jacuzzi tub was amazing. they said it was a strip view but we were looking the wrong way down the strip, and had a perfect view of the airport nearby. there was a 1/4 view of the good strip right behind a piller in the room. The pools were great but very crowded and bring your own tubes to go on the lazy river or they will charge you 23.99 for a tube... there is no &quot;renting&quot; them as the site says there is. but were still a lot of fun. Now about the food... I went here six months ago and the buffet was the best in las vegas but after this weekend I would almost say it was the worst. the selection is the same at noon as it is at 6pm. the quality seemed to have gone down quite a bit. the noodle place was awesome the teens said. all in all a great family trip, and I have never had a better night sleep in a hotel in my life. and if you are going to go to the aquarium go there before you go to the buffet... they have a special price to add dinner and it save like 10 bucks per person. we also saved a ton of money by bringing a ice chest and suitcase filled with snack food and drinks. sodas from the mini bar cost 4 bucks and the display on the counter is weight and item sensitive so when my teen first walked in and saw that they put out cookies for us she didn't get that that little pack of tiny cookies was $8.62. also make sure if you are going to gamble at all to get a player card, they comped 2 breakfast bufftets for me after only like 4 hours of play.	
Jun 12 2009 	Gorgeous hotel - look no further (but prepare to spend lots of money)	Our first stay at Mandalay Bay more than exceeded our expectations. From the moment we stepped into the lobby to check in, we were very impressed by the understated elegance of the decor, the immaculate cleanliness, and the delicate fragrance pumped through the ventilation system. We checked in at around noon on a Wednesday, and contrary to some other reviews, we had no wait at all. When we got to our room, we were further impressed that although we were in a (requested) smoking section, the corridors and room itself did not smell of smoke, but rather, the corridor was fragranced as was the lobby. The room itself was impeccably clean. We found one light bulb not working and no ashtrays in the room; we called the front desk, and housekeeping arrived within minutes to replace the bulb and give us ashtrays - great service. The bed was comfy, with a pillow-top mattress, and I was delighted to find an iPod dock alarm clock and a good hair dryer NOT bolted to the wall as in some other hotels. Our only minor quibble was that the double-sink counter tops were a little too high to reach comfortably (we're both around 5'4&quot;), but we managed. Even the toiletries provided (shampoo, conditioner, body lotion, glycerin facial soap, and oatmeal bath soap) were first-rate. The decor of the room, as with the public areas, was quite pleasing, done in subtle earth tones, and lacking any of the over-the-top gaudiness of some of the other area hotels.We ate at the Bayside Buffet, Raffles Cafe, the Burger Bar, and THEcafe at THEhotel, and enjoyed them all. The buffet was the best quality of any we've ever had, with really well-prepared dishes; not a huge selection as at some buffets, but also unlike many or most buffets, the food was really good: quality over quantity seemed to be the key here. Pricey, yes, but you get what you pay for. Be prepared to spend a lot on food if you eat here: we had breakfast at Raffles one day, two diners: one waffle, one order of coconut pancakes, a la carte bacon, orange juice (a huge 16-oz, glass vs. the usual 4 to 6 ounces elsewhere), and coffee for both: about $60 with the tip. Absolutely delicious, but yes, expensive. Had a late night dinner at THEcafe: 2 club sandwiches and soft drinks, about $36 with tip. But terrific food: if you want cheap vs. high quality, go elsewhere. The ambiance at all the restaurants we tried (except for Burger Bar, which was rather ordinary-looking, like a typical New York burger joint) was wonderful. The Bayside Buffet was a lovely room, NOT like the usual cafeteria style of other buffets: we felt we were dining in a restaurant, with the tables far enough away from the serving areas to be quiet and relaxing. THEcafe is one of the most lovely dining rooms I've ever experienced, with quietly elegant black, silver, and cream furnishings, and relaxing, ethereal music piped in.The Beach, the hotel's pool area, was fabulously beautiful, but crowded - neither of us wanted to spend time laying around in the sun, but if we did, we noticed it would have been difficult to find lounge chairs, and this was mid-week. It was quieter and more relaxing than some others, though, with no loud music We explored other hotels in this price range while in LV: Bellagio, the Mirage, Planet Hollywood, etc., but felt Mandalay Bay was the most beautiful of all of them. We would absolutely stay again.	
Jun 11 2009 	Greatest Resort on earth	Fantastic i cannot praise this enough! beautiful foyer, friendly and helpful staff (we accidentally left a bag behind in a mad dash to catch our flight to Hawaii, we rang them up and they searched the room, staff lockers [thinking someone had stolen it] finally found it and shipped it to us!) This was my second stay in vegas (previously stayed at the Luxor) ... Lots to do within the resort: house of blues, aquarium, shops, many many pools/lagoons/'beach' Great views of the mountains and the vegas strip...THE ROOM we had 2 rooms joined.. one with a king size the other with 2 queen size beds for the 2 kids ... both rooms had beautiful bathroom, very large... plasma TV in the bathroom and in the room.. mini bar (beware, as soon as you pick an item up it automatically charges it to your account) no noise.. everything spotless clean, softest bed, pillows, sheets, carpet extremely comfortable... like living in royalty!def recommend it if you can afford it!	
Jun 10 2009 	Very nice	Well there is not alot you can add to the many review's already written for this hotel. So all I will add is when we checked in we asked for a king high up and that's just what we got, 33rd floor with airport/part strip view. Not bad for $65. I agree the room's are very nicely done and very clean. We went to the west pool as it was quite, the other pool's were packed and all 20 something's in competition with each other, not our scene! If you can get this hotel for the price we paid you will struggle to find better.	
Jun 9 2009 	Really glittery to cover the flaws. Bring a lot of money!	My husband and I stayed at the Mandalay Bay for two nights in early June. The purpose of our trip was business, but we'd hoped to have some fun while in Vegas.We chose the Mandalay Bay because of a good online deal and reviews. The bathroom looked wonderful in pictures (and to be fair, it was quite nice). The room was relatively large. The bed would have been fine except that the covers were a feather duvet and it's just too hot for that. There were TV's in both the bedroom and bath, but we never turned them on.Check in at 4PM was a madhouse with people forming lines where ever there was a &quot;Welcom&quot; sign. Unfortunately, the line we chose had a major problem at the front, so check in took over 45 minutes (even after we changed lines). Also, the man checking us in was very distracted and told us that our &quot;deal&quot; included a $50 credit, so charge everything to our room. Too bad that he failed to tell us that it only applied if we spent money at &quot;The Beach&quot; which wasn't open during the times we were at the resort (why do they close the pool at 7PM?) We asked if that could be credited to the drinks we bought in the bar and were simply told &quot;no, next time pay closer attention to your deal&quot;.The casino had a lot of smoke, but it was disguised by a coconut scent. I am not an anti-smoker (actually, I smoke), but it was stronger here than most other places we visited.The ice machine (one per floor) didn't work.$14.99 for each 24 hours of wi-fi? Heck, the Super 8 gives it for free.No shuttles.Don't even think of opening/touching the mini bar. The fridge one is weighted, so if you touch anything, you're warned that you will be charged. (I read all the placards and books in a room).NO IN ROOM COFFEE. Sorry, but my morning coffee is important, and I do NOT want to leave the room to go buy Starbucks (I don't care for that brand or the prices). So, I checked the room service menu. Coffee (1 pot) runs $13 PLUS a convenience charge! Rum (Bacardi or Captain Morgans) delivered to your room runs a whopping $150 per bottle (unspecified size) plus a convenience charge. Hey, I could have rented a limo for 2 hours to go GET rum for less than that! Other spirits were equally overpriced, but I'm a rum drinker.There was some wear and tear in the room and throughout the hotel. I'd suggest that some of the convenience charges might be applied to fresh paint and repair of damaged furniture, not to mention a working ice machine.In all, I don't feel like the place lived up to the hype. Also, it was quite some distance from the rest of the strip, and the shuttle to Excaliber (which means a short walk to cross the street to get anywhere) doesn't operate in the early morning, when we needed to get moving. On our second evening there, we used our monorail passes which we'd bought to attend to our business to go to other properties. We'll try a different hotel next time we have to visit Las Vegas.	
Jun 8 2009 	Amazing experience at Mandalay	Very impressed with this hotel. I usually am very observant about details, and the Mandalay surpassed my expectations. The rooms very very clean and spacious. Great bathroom. The casino/lobby is decorated well and isn't too hard to navigate. The staff was very courteous. The only negative aspect of the stay was when you call the front desk you go through an automated voice system. Tips on the pool. Buy your bottle of water at the gift shop for $3.50 as opposed to $8 Figi bottle if you order it while laying out. Buy a $24 floatie for the lazy river...it's worth it. I sold mine to someone waiting in line for $18. We were there for a bachelor party, and were very impressed by the quality of ladies at the pool; however, too many kids running around for my taste.	
Jun 7 2009 	Gleaming	Mandalay Bay was a beautiful hotel, sparkling and with great service! The valet parking was wonderful. After placing the call ,the car was waiting before you even got off of the elevator, and complimentary. The only negative things I can say about is that the food was too expensive and the pool closed at seven p.m. way too early !!! The internet access came with a charge.The wave pool was a dissapointment , in that the ONE wave only came every few minutes. Claim a pool chair early if you expect to get one.	
Jun 7 2009 	Pros and Cons: Mostly good...	We stayed at Mandalay Bay for 7 nights, leaving on the Memorial Day weekend. Wife and 21-year old daughter. Overall positive experience, although the Memorial Day swarm ruined the end of the trip.Room was great, and the housekeeping staff did a good job. A couple of requests were delayed, but overall good. Check-in was long, and the staff member we dealt with was a bit low-key. They could use a queuing system, as some people just want to cut-in, wherever they can. Some maintenance items went unrepaired: The up/down indicator light cover on one of the elevators was missing, and was not replaced within the week that we were there. Makes the hotel look beat-up.Rooms are large, and well equipped. Bathrooms are large as well.Negative experiences:1. Ventilation system was noisy. Asked to be repaired. Some improvement was noted, but still rather noisy the entire stay.2. Cocktail waitresses in casino didn't come around the slots at all. Could see them once in awhile, but very difficult to get a drink. I tip very well, but didn't get the chance, as I think I only actually received one drink the entire week. Started gambling at other resorts.3. Pool area: Everyone oohs and ahhs over Mandalay's pool area. I personally don't have time to sit around the pool in a town like Vegas, but my wife and daughter (especially my daughter) like to lay around and tan. My 90 minutes by the pool was no fun due the ridiculous wind during my time there. The ladies had a good time a couple of days, although finding a lounger was always difficult. The last day there, though, the Memorial Day crowd swarmed in, and many of them were acting like red-necks and frat boys. A group rented a cabana, proceeded to trash it. They ran, yelled, cannonballed, chased girls, broke bottles, etc. in and around the pool and generally ruined the environment for all within 100 feet of them. Staff and management were ineffective, and that was the most disappointing aspect. I don't think it should matter that these hooligans were spending more money than the average guest. The hotel has good security staff, and they should have utilized them by removing these disruptive morons from the area. Overall, the hotel is nice. The pool area, which everyone raves about, didn't really matter to me. I think it's more kid oriented, with the wave pool and the lazy river. A lot of people want to lay around and tan in peace. There are better hotels for this.	
Jun 7 2009 	Large Hotel At The End Of Strip	Hotel Mandalay Bay is located at the end of the strip infact it is the nicer end, and the quite end but is linked to the Luxor followed on to the Exhilbar so if you do not fancy walking in the heat the choice is yours to reach middle of strip.You can walk inside or out also there is a tram which is free to used but it is just as quick to walk.The check in was prompt although not informative and the lady could of been happy in her work.The room which was allocated to us was on the 33 floor very large,mondern and contempary it was a king room the only grumble i would have was it must of been located in the smoking section and we are non smokers.Elevators were always ready and available.The taxi from the airport cost us 25 usd and on return only 12 usd not sure why these rates are not equal......There are many nice resturants in the hotel we ate in the House Of Blues&amp; Shangai Lily both we were given a friendly service and the food was nice although the prices all over Vegas are steep so i would say you pay for what you get.There is a Mcdonalds/Subway&amp;Mini shop over the main road if you go through the Travel and tourism lobby exit which are alot cheaper!!! Our favourite resturant which we found in Forum shopping center in Ceasars Palace was the Cheese Cake Factory,Resonable prices ,large selection on the menu,very big portions,brillant cocktails&amp; lovely cheese cakes, We went there three times it is that good...))The hotel itself is very moden,spacious the pool area is large but not large enough...... if you are not down to the pool/beach for 8.30am/9.00am you would not get a bed for the rest of the day as it is packed.Not some where you would go to for a relax as in all areas you have music blasting out all through the day!!!!!The Mix Bar in the Hotel section is worth an visit the view is excellent.I would stay here again but just feel the hotel is that large you are just a number .....But no worries about returning the issues are small and do not cause any major effect towards your holiday.	
Jun 6 2009 	"Not my cup of tea"	When I arrived at Mandalay Bay at 11:00 p.m., I was informed that there were no rooms available and I would be walked to different hotel. I had made my reservations 5 months before and I told them I would arrive before midnight. I even called and confirmed my arrival 2 weeks before. First of all they seemed totally unconcerned with my predicament. It was not till I refused to go to another hotel and told them that they had better find me a room or I would make my displeasure known to future guests that they suddenly found me a room. However, it would take approximately 1 hour or more to clean the room???? I am not a unreasonable person, but when you make reservations at a hotel way in advance, pay for these rooms in advance then you should expect to be treated with respect and have a room waiting for you! We did not get into our room until 2:00 am....I have been to Las Vegas several times; this was my first trip to Mandalay Bay. I have always stayed at a different hotel and I will go back to that hotel. I am sorry but I was not impressed from the minute I arrived and even when I left they sent me a bill for the mini-bar....which I nor did anyone else in my party open (the mini bar) as we all know the MINI BAR Rules!!!!	
Jun 5 2009 	Lovely place	Mandalay Bay is an excellent hotel and casino complex. A bit far south but connected to Excalibur by monorail. (when it works)The rooms are clean and spacious with a floor to ceiling window giving a great view depending on the direction faced.His and hers closets in the room are matched by his and hers sinks in the bathroom.A large but airy casino and good dining options can also be expected.The room rates range from very very good to expensive so the value for money can be variable. If you get a good rate it is virtually unbeatable.Like other properties on the strip it is more expensive for drinks than elsewhere in the city but it is not unaffordable comapred to Europe.I would go back anytimePSMy better half has insisted that I mention there is no coffee maker in the room so one slight blot on an otherwise excellent rating.	
Jun 5 2009 	Returning in Winter	Stayed at Mandalay Bay over Memorial Day. What a beautiful resort! The tropical theme prevails throughout. It was easy to get around, everything was laid out well.The rooms were large with a big flat screen TV and very comfortable bedding. The bathroom was also large with separate shower, double vanities and orange scented toiletries. It was exceptionally pleasant spending time in the room! Because we were at the far end of the strip we were able to see all the way to Wynn! The tram to Luxor/Excalibur made it easy to get around in the heat. You can walk right to Luxor through the shops though. This was good to know since we caught “Believe”.We ate at a few of the MB restaurants and enjoyed. The noodle shop was almost as good as our fave at Venetian, Rum Jungle had a good rodizio &amp; Trattoria Lupo will get its own rave review. There were lots of places for a quick coffee/cake for breakfast. The lounges were fun, for no cover, we hung at Eyecandy and there was a good 90s cover band in the other lounge.The spa, I think is my favorite, compared to others in Vegas. Spent lots of time there. No wait for an appointment, we did not book in advance. The services were first rate, and the facility itself, I’d consider moving in! The whirlpools were so relaxing. Overall, service was good, housekeeping was prompt, and we got whatever we needed, on time. We did room service and it was on time both timesThe pool was the only disappointment. Every day we were there it was beyond crowded from 9AM on. It was not possible to get a chair because early risers staked their claim via a towel, but were nowhere in sight. Sorry, I can’t do that, I think that is rude. There is plenty more to do in Vegas. There were no more chairs available, we were told, by the hotel. What I think ticked me off is the hotel seemed to have no solution to this logistics problem or even an apology to customers. Drink coupons, perhaps? Also, the lazy river was $25 for the tube rental, a bit overpriced and they ran out of Bud Light Lime. There were a lot of kids at the pool and it was really noisy. If that bothers you, you may want to think twice. Personally, it’s fine for me after a couple beers, plus there’s loud music playing. I think I understand why this hotel is pretty low on the TA List. I did not before we stayed there.I would stay again but not on a weekend in summer, it is funny, we did not have this problem at other hotels in Vegas in summer time.	
Jun 4 2009 	Beautiful Property!	Let me start by staying that I had been wanting to stay at Mandalay Bay every trip we have been out here. It did not dissapoint! Check in was smooth, and the front desk lady was very helpful. We had inquired about being on the 6th floor to be near some friends, but she told us that she had a much better room available for us on the 23rd floor, so we took that. We appreiciated her honesty and offer of a better room. The casino is very, very nice. We didn't notice the smoke and it was set up perfectly. The poker room and sports book are among the best! we loved playing in both. They do have a lot of single deck and continous shuffle black jack, which isn't our preference, so we took the walkway to Luxor to play there. It has everything else that we really liked though. We ate at the Burger Bar the first night we were there. It was a type of build your own burger, and had a lot of choices. It was a bit pricey for a burger, but it was very good, and on par for that type of restaurant in Vegas. The pool was one of the main reasons why we wanted to stay there. I knew from looking at TA that chairs filled up fast, so I got down there around 8:30 on Saturday morning to grab some chairs for our party. They only give you 2 towels and I saved our chairs that way and using magazines, and other personal effects for the other 2. The rest of the party joined me not long after, and I noticed others trying to save chairs. it was getting really full around 11 and almost impossible to find a chair after that. The lazy river and wave pool were really fun. The waves only came every 3-5 minutes and it was one wave only. The lazy river was a bit small compared to the MGM Grand pool, but nice nonetheless. Overall the pool was nice, but I prefer the landscape and layout of the MGM Grand pool. The rooms were fabulous! We had a high level room that over looked the pool. The safe worked great, and the large TV was nice. The bath had a seperate tub and walk in shower, that were both great to use. The only thing that was questionable was the feather bed on top of the mattress. It didn't seem to fit and between that and the non-fitted sheets, every time we moved, the bed just got more mussed. I didn't care for it, but a minor enough issue. We hit the champange brunch on Sunday before check out and it was a great deal. It was $22.95 for the buffett and champange and or mimosa's. We definatly got our money worth. A great buffett. This was only time we ate the buffett, so not sure how any other meal stacked up. All in all, we will definatly consider staying again. We loved the casino, but the location, and cost might make us choose elsewhere. We got a good deal online for the weekend rates, and that was the driving factor in our decision to stay there. A great place if money is not an issue.	
Jun 2 2009 	Great Deal	We recently went to the Mandalay Bay on a Wednesday, Thursday and Friday. The deal was two queen-size beds, $100/per person/per night, and unlimited drinks and food at the Beach Bar &amp; Grill by their fantastic pools. They gave us wristbands to wear. It was an amazing deal for us! All we wanted to do was relax and sip margarita's (which are usually $10/each) eat and swim. That's what we did! They gave us a wristband to wear and we paid gratuity.  The pool area, which in my opinion is the best in Las Vegas that I've seen, opens around 8:00 and closes at 7:00. The Grill is from 11:00 - 5:00. If you want to relax by the pool, drink margaritas and eat as much as you want - this is the deal for you!DebbieLos Angeles, CA	
Jun 2 2009 	Gorgeous hotel	We stayed Memorial Day weekend 08. Got a nice deal with flight and hotel from usairwaysvacations.com. The rooms are very nice, 15&quot; TV in bathroom was a interesting feature. All the amenities you can ask for in a hotel. Only drawback about staying here is it's at the end of the strip (furthest from downtown). Not a issue for us as we usually rent a car at the airport. The pool and &quot;beach&quot; were very nicely maintained.	
Jun 2 2009 	A very positive experience	We spent two nights in Mandalay Bay over the Memorial Day weekend. It was out first visit to Vegas, and while I would prefer a more central location, the resort itself delivered everything it promised. It is very classy hotel with a nice, relaxing atmosphere. Many reviews here mention their signature fragrance that gets rid of the smoke in the casino. I am very particluar about the smells but I could not smell anything in the casino: neither smoke nor fragrance, which is wonderful.The staff was very helpful and responsive, the room - large and comfortable, the view of the strip from our room window - amazing.My only two complains are that: 1)I would like to have more dining options after 11pm. Most of the restaurants seem to be closed at this time which is very unfortunate as we dont get to dinner until very late at night when on vacation. 2) The Tram connoecting Mandalay Bay with the rest of the Strip stops running at 10:30. We discovered it the hard way and had to walk back. Not a very pleasant experiance when exhausted from all the other sightseeing.All in all a very good experiance and would definitely recommend.	
Jun 1 2009 	Not as good as it used to be.	I've stayed at Mandalay Bay several times over the years, but was a little disappointed with my most recent trip. Check in was fairly quick. We booked a 'premium strip view' room. The room was fairly small for the price and the carpet looked a little worn and dirty. The service was not up to par. I had to call for room service 3 times before anyone picked up and the same went for the front desk. I asked for room service and they said they had completely revamped the menu and had to send up a new menu. The front desk was also not very friendly either, I had to call 3 times for a late check out. I've never experienced these problems before. The hotel itself is nice, but needs some updating. For the price, would have rather stayed at the Wynn or Venetian	
Jun 1 2009 	Mandalay Bay	I am a Vegas local and decided to have tourist night with my fiance. We chose to stay at Mandalay Bay because of the great pool. The rooms are spacious and the bathroom is killer. The pool area is the best in Vegas except for the crowds. Be sure to get out there early to stake claim to a chair or you will be sitting in the 140 degree sand.	
May 31 2009 	Great stay at Mandalay! Highly recommended!	Just came back from a 3 night stay at Mandalay Bay – had a great time. Great modern resort, excellent facilities, courteous staff and great stores and restaurants within the property.We had several requests for our stay – since we have an infant, we requested a stroller to be available at the bell desk and a crib in the room. When we arrived at the hotel, there was some confusion since our cab driver dropped us off at the “The Hotel” and we had to walk much more than we should have. The crib arrived and was set up within a ½ hour of our arrival and although there was some confusion regarding the stroller, it was quickly rectified. In fact, an employee came to find my wife to clear up the misunderstanding.Overall, a great stay. Found employees to be very helpful with directions and suggestions about places to visit. The Tram is useful for the one time that we decided to visit the other hotels down the strip and there are enough stores within the complex to keep your interest. There were some drawbacks that potential visitors should be aware of. · The wave pool is overhyped. 2 years ago we were staying elsewhere and visited Mandalay Bay. Seeing it through the window as a visitor resulted us in having this mystique when it fact the wave pool doesn’t deliver. · The lazy river is relaxing – not a major trek but nice for a hot day. Aside from the fact its short, you’re not required to be on a tube. The issue is you have people who either walk/swim the lazy river and it becomes a nuisance when you’re just looking for a relaxing tube ride and you have people passing or splashing you.· Heard some comments about how you’re far from the rest of the strip. Depending on how you want to spend your time, this could be a negative. For us, was the opposite since it was our 2nd trip to Vegas and Mandalay Bay has enough on its own to be entertaining.	
May 31 2009 	Deals can be deceiving	My wife and I just recently went back to Vegas for our Anniversary, we were married there 6 years ago. We booked a trip after looking online and received a great deal to stay at the Mandalay Bay. The price was something we were unable to pass up after reviewing multiple deals for alternate hotels with less ratings. This was our mistake!!! The deals are for the rooms only! Here are some points to consider...1. Rooms are fantastic. Big flat screen TV, large bathroom with seperate shower tub and his and her sinks. Floor to ceiling windows(careful they make you dizzy the first time you look out of them). However, after all of the good I must tell you that regardless of the room type you book, King or Queen, they can't guarantee the room. They started us in a double queen, then we were able to move the next day. A inconvience that is more of a pain than anything.2. Casino is large and smoke free. They pump a smell of coconut into the place and you can't smell the smoke. Large poker room and sports book. Slots are tight and drink service non-existant. The only time we were offered a drink, the waitress forgot who ordered what and we had to ask and she said she forgot and she was sorry...this is what they do all day long I thought!?! Didn't hear a single jackpot the entire time we were there.3. Food is expensive, even for Vegas. Don't get me wrong, in Vegas you'll pay for some food...this isn't the Vegas are parents were used to! However, this place has fantastic restaurants, all which will cost you above $50 dollars each meal, and that's just breakfast and lunch. Dinner is easily above $100. However, I must brag on one restaurant, Border Grill. The freshest mexican cuisine I've ever tasted and the service was the best! I would recommend this to anyone in Vegas...must go!!!4. Service is non-exsistent. From the casino to the front desk anyone else that you would need, this is where the economy is hitting Vegas...PAYROLL! There is no one there to help you. For as nice as this hotel was, there should be some service.5. Waterpark is nice and big. 7 different pools to choose from with a wave pool and a lazy river. Chairs come at a first come first serve basis with signs saying no saving, however, believe the other reviews as well, you better get down there early to find a chair as they go fast. Also, lots of kids everywhere. This didn't bother us, however, a point to make as it can get loud and non-relaxing. Overall if a very expensive Vegas experience, with no winnings and subpar service is what you are looking for, this is the Hotel for you. Look into what you are truely looking to get from your visit to Vegas. If it's to have a good time and spread your money around, there are multiple hotels that are looking for business to come their way and it shows through service and value. Don't go for the best deal as they will make up the money they save you and take more from you for less!	
May 30 2009 	Great place for the laid-back traveler in need of relaxation	Just returned from a fabulous 3 day stay here. Service at the front-desk was great (thanks Becky) and the price was a bargain at $65 a night thanks to a travelzoo special. This hotel is beautiful and classy without being over-the-top and ostentatious. We went for the pools and spent most of our time there. (People start lining up before they open at 8am to get good spots). If you wait too late to get down there, it can be a challenge finding an open spot. We lazed underneath gorgeous palm trees and ate fresh fruit. Loved the lazy river. We liked that it was on one end of the strip because it seemed less frantic inside. Also, their signature fragrance is wonderful,and there was no cigarette smell. You absolutely have to see the Lion King, their new show. It deservedly received a standing-ovation from our audience. My only complaint was that the housekeeping never got to our room one day, and we had to call to get it done at 8pm. Another minor annoyance for us was the lack of free-wifi. On the other hand, it forced us to stay off the internet and relax. We loved it so much, we are talking about doing this every year after school ends. It was magical....	
May 30 2009 	Awesome experience extremely satisified	Excellent service, great pool clean rooms ...perfect	
May 29 2009 	Experience reduce by Service	We stayed at the Mandalay Bay for two nights (one comped; one at casino rate) in a standard room on the 23rd floor. The rooms are not as spacious as the up-scale hotel/casinos but on par with Paris Paris and New York New York. The bathrooms, on the other hand, are a bit above average with two sinks, a good-sized tub and a separate shower. The stool is in a separate small room/closet.Mandalay Bay, perhaps because of its location at the end of the Strip, seems to have been badly mangled by the economic recession. Evidence of cutting corners was everywhere. We stayed on Thursday and Friday night (weekends would likely be different) and the only Pai Gow table was in the Crystal Room (high roller room even though the limit was only $25) and was manned by the most unpleasant dealers that I have ever played with. Before, I enjoyed playing in a central, separate area that had three or four open tables. Only a handful of tables were open during the time we were there.We enjoyed the food at the buffet and the Raffles restaurant. We order from room service on one occasion, and were told only a limited menu was available as the kitchen's ovens were cleaned once per week and that was the night. The food, basically soup and salad combos arrived in a reasonable time but the servers seemed to have no idea how to arrange the presentation in the room, so one of us ended up sitting on the bed and the other in a chair. Seemed really strange that they seemed so disoriented.We went to a preview presentation of the Lion King at the theater and found it, well, just average. I guess we aren't into actors dressed like animals, even lions, or operating puppets. But, it was a cleverly staged production.I had a manicure/pedicure at the spa in THE Hotel, attached to the Mandalay Bay, and found it to be an enjoyable experience. I have been in both spas and this one is really very nice and a bit better, albeit smaller, than the one in the Mandalay Bay. We did not try the wave pool or the sand beach but those that were seemed to be having a great time.A major shortcoming of the hotel, a design flaw, is that 8 elevators (sounds like a lot but it's not) serve about 17 floors. In many other Vegas hotels, 8 elevators serves 8 to 10 floors. So, there is often a long line to get onto an elevator, and the line got noticeable longer toward the weekend.If you can be a good room rate, it is a good place to stay. Another above $120-150 will likely leave you disappointed.	
May 29 2009 	For the right price a great deal - but a hike from everything else...	My wife and I recently stayed at the beautiful Mandalay Bay and overall it was a very good deal for just $90 per night. Some friends got their room for under $70! When all is said and done, you can't beat the Mandalay Bay at those prices. The hotel is very clean and classy with its lush tropical theme and the pools there are outstanding.For dining and nightlife, we only had lunch at the Border Grill, a Mexican eatery located within the Hotel. The food was good, but pricey - I had a salad, albeit a steak salad, with abot six ounces of steak while my wife had a chicken caesar salad and we each drank water - the bill $40! Red Square, a soviet themed restaurant and bar, seems a bit out of place in Mandalay Bay but was nonetheless an interesting location for drinks in the evening and the waiter was attentive and knowledgeable - our drinks there were the best prepared during the entire trip. The whole USSR theme though is a bit tacky in my opinion. The actually have a drink called &quot;Chernobyl&quot; on the menu! Um, a bit insensitive perhaps? I mean, thousands of people died from the Chernobyl disaster...What's next - Gulag Soup? They already had to decapitate the statue of Lenin that stands in front of the restaurant due to complaints of insensitivity, when will they learn?The Lion King show was a magnificent spectacle and is surely a can't miss. The cast got a well-deserved standing-o on the night we were there. Tix cost the average for a top shelf show in Vegas and are well worth it.My wife enjoyed several treatments at the spa and raved about her attendant - very satisfied with her massage, herbal wrap and manicure. I ran into some problem with the bill however as the cashier miscalculated their May Special &quot;buy one service and get the second 1/2 off.&quot; Rather than argue, I quietly summoned the manager and he graciously corrected the error. I love relaxing at the Mandalay Bay pools and lazy river, but you have to time it correctly. At 10am ona Tuesday, we could not find even one open lounge chair - ridiculously over crowded. We went early in the morning and later in the afternoon on other days when it was far more enjoyable with many fewer patrons.Our room was very clean, but the ironing board was broken ( quickly repalced). The walls seemd thin as we heared lots of our neighbors various activities during the trip. In our opinion, the only real downside to the MB is that it is far from everything else on the strip. If you have car, it's not a problem and the last time we stayed we had a rental. This time however, we did not and a one way cab ride to the Mirage will run you $15. Walking is generally out if it's hot. If your plan is to just chill out at MB, then it's really not an issue though. There is a free monorail that will take you to the Luxor and Excalibur. From there, you can either catch the &quot;Deuce&quot; - the number two bus that will take you all the way down the strip and downtown for $3 or $7 for unlimited 24 hour use, or you can cross over to the MGM Grand and catch the othe rmonorail that costs $5 one way down the strip or $13 for 24-hour use. No matter hos you chose to get around though, it takes basically 20-45 minutes to get anywhere past the Excalibur going down the strip depending on where you are headed.I would absolutely recommend the Mandalay Bay Hotel to:- People seeking a romantic getaway location- People with a car and at &lt;$100 per night, to just about anyone...	
May 29 2009 	Splendid stay at Mandalay!	Booked my room 4 months in advance so got a great deal! The regular deluxe king room was not disappointing especially on the 33rd floor- good view of mountains and pool. The bathroom was the best of any hotel I've stayed. I found the whole hotel staff to be extremely friendly and helpful; I even called the supervisor of housekeeping to let them know of the terrific job our housekeeper had done. I spent my days at the pool which of course is very crowded but that was expected- very hot, but a quick dip in the water was very refreshing! Do not miss the exquisite sight from the MIX bar at the top of TheHotel. A rental car comes in very handy when staying here due to the distance from the center of the strip. Overall, a very nice vacation at the Mandalay Bay!	
May 29 2009 	Good place to stay	We had a good time at this hotel! Was very disappointed in the swimming pools. This was our main reason for staying here. The wave pool really was a disappointment. They had one wave come every five minutes or so....never been in a wave pool that did that! The price for flotation rafts was ridiculous! Got very bored very fast at pool! I was w/ my husband, mom, and dad and we went down to the pool around 11am and walked around for about 30 min before finding even two chairs to sit in! Left after two hours and never went again for the whole stay...didn't want to fight w/ the crowds (and we were there during the week-not a weekend).The only great thing about the hotel was all the comps they gave me (only me, my other family members didn't hardly get anything!) I maybe gambled w/ $40-$60 dollars one day there and they gave me $15 in free Starbucks and two free dinner buffets valued at $54.00. That was great! The dinner buffet had steak and crablegs on it....well worth going!Nice place to try but probably won't stay there again...will most likely stay at Bellagio or Caesars Palace next time.	
May 27 2009	Lots of potential but ruined by the service	I just stayed at Mandalay Bay for a wedding. There was a large group of us looking to have a good time and it was completely ruined by our experience at the resort. The service was probably the worst I have experienced in a hotel/resort and I travel frequently. For example, I was told 6 different things by 5 different people about pricing on the room and the cabana. The front desk and the pool crew apparently don't get along as they kept trying to send us back and forth between the two to work out charges. We were overcharged for the cabana both by not receiving the $100 promotion and we were charged two separate gratuity charges (specifically, tip for the server and a separate $63 tip for the guy who brought us a few towels and some water bottles). When we asked to speak with the manager we were given attitude and it turned into an hour + long ordeal. Not a fun way to spend vacation.The staff was disorganized and rude (one cashier at the takeout counter at the pool berated a customer for not properly reading the menu and then continued to bash her to his coworker after she left. I said something to him and he flipped out at me). Prices are very deceiving if not fraudulent. In addition to the different prices I was told on our room/cabana, there is a restaurant in the casino that lists sandwich prices for takout. We tried to order for dinner and were told those were the lunch prices (it doesn't say that anywhere) and if I wanted cheese on my already $12 sandwich I would have to pay an extra $2. There was a huge amount of confusion between the 2 workers and in the end they tried to charge us $47 for 2 sandwiches, 2 coffees, and 2 bottled waters. Geez!The pool is overrated. It's overcrowded, filled with kids, and you cannot bring your drink into any of the pools (except the South Lagoon Pool, which is sort of hidden and quiet). It took up to 45 minutes to get a drink from the beach servers. Also, the location of the resort is a pain if you want to spend time on the strip. It's far.The only nice things I have to say are that the rooms were nice and large, housekeeping and the concierge were very friendly, and the resort is pretty. That's about it.	
May 27 2009 	great stay	have gone to vegas many times but Mandalay Bay is the BEST in service and things to do (or do nothing!!!) Great atmosphere and staff SO NICE! From check in to checkout--great experience. Paid alot cuz of Holiday Weekend but worth it. Wish I could go on weekday where the value would definitely be great.	
May 26 2009 	Very interesting place with lots of glits 	If you are not into gambling visit different hotels see restaurants &amp; night clubs go shopping at the not so expensive place called Ross or visit the outlets. Take different kinds of swimwear cos that's where u'll be spending most of your time as the swimming pools close at 5h00 noon. You might be lucky &amp; see celebrities either performing or just up &amp; about.........It is awesome, gorgeous &amp; mind blowing particularly at night. U must visit the restaurant at THE HOTEL in Mandalay where you can see the whole of vegas the view is amazing &amp; the retuarant is classy with good food.	
May 25 2009 	Mandalay Bay = Mandalay Pay	Having stayed in Vegas before the hotel didn’t disappoint in what I was expecting in terms of its facilities. Our standard room was wonderful (a lot better than the MGM Grand where I’d previously stayed) and the majority of the facilities were excellent, although the beach and pool areas felt very overcrowded – I’m not sure why some of the pools were closed, even during the week.However, be warned, Mandalay Bay is far from cheap! I got the distinct impression that the hotel felt it could charge over the odds for every possible item simply because of its isolation at the end of the strip. Examples include:- Two soft drinks from the pool bar = $10 (plus tip) - Two alcoholic drinks in a casino bar = $18 (plus tip), - No $10 blackjack tables on offer for us 'social' gamblers (whereas the Bellagio offered many, even on a busy Saturday night) - $3 for a bottle of water (I saw it for sale in the Venetian for $2.50) - Restaurants were comparably more expensive than other 4/5 star hotels further up the strip where they have to compete with one another. In addition, Mandaly Bay has no food court offering more casual dining options.The quality of the room aside, I certainly felt I got better value for money at the MGM Grand and had a more enjoyable experience. In addition, the extra travelling up and down the strip took it out of me a little more than I expected, despite the free monorail to/from the Excalibur (although this closes when you need it most in the early hours) and the Deuce bus.	
May 24 2009 	Nice Hotel - Disappointed in the room	This was my first trip to Vegas and attended a conference in their convention area. Let me say that the front desk person was very nice and accommodating yet when I got to the room, I was disappointed. The beds were not that comfortable and the linens and furniture were dated...time for some sprucing up. The room was clean and the bathroom was spacious. I ate at the food court one day for lunch and it wasn't very good. The casino was fun and if you stay here, be sure to have a car. You will definitely hear jets in the early morning taking off and landing. The pool area was really nice and does get crowded, go early and get a chair.	
May 21 2009 	Amazing amazing amazing.....!	Wow-what a fantastic hotel.....anything you could ever want, Mandalay has it - casinso, pool (with wave machines and faux beach), spa, restaurants.....pretty much everything any Vegas hotel should have but the bonus of Mandalay was that the bedrooms were equally fantastic - not always the case on the strip! Excellent rooms, incredibly clean, awesome views and the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in! Would definitely recommend.The hotel is located at the bottom end of the strip but it's connected to Luxor where you can board the monorail up the road someway and begin your walk of the strip from there.....enjoy!	
May 20 2009 	Everything was perfect except for one thing.	I've stayed at 18 hotels in Las Vegas, and this one is above average, as to be expected by their 5-diamond rating. But I couldn't stand the short-sheeting in my bed. The lower sheet wasn't tucked into the bottom of the mattress, and instead had about 6 inches of mattress uncovered. I'm only 6 feet tall, but I found that to be maddening. Everything else about the hotel is fantastic, except I found the buffet to be a little disappointing for the price ($27), like most strip buffets.Check-in was a breeze and very professional. The TV is a little small, but I had another one in my bathroom. I also had a shower and a separate tub.The aquarium is a little disappointing for the price ($35). It's very nice, but you can visit SeaWorld for $65. But if you're looking for something to do, this will fit the bill.The hotel is gorgeous, with one of the best pools in town (wave pool with sand). However, if you go in the winter, they will have only one dinky pool open, and it is a good ways from the hotel, which is maddening, since you pass multiple pools to get to this one. I don't even know why this winter pool even exists, it's so far away from the rest of the resort. There is a tram that takes you closer to the main part of the strip.Nice place if you get a good deal. I stayed here for $90 in the winter.	
May 20 2009 	Ok but I remember it being better	Staying at Mandalay Bay for a business trip, Interop, due to the proximity to the Mandalay Bay Convention Center.The rooms are quite nice with Flat screen TVs in the Bedroom and Bathroom. Nice appointments. The servicing of the room however was not, found toenail clippings, and hair stuck to the shower wall!Last time I stayed at Mandalay, I remember it being much better.	
May 15 2009 	Couldn't have asked for more!	It takes a little longer to get to the main spots around the strip but the extra walk is worth it! The Mandalay is incredibly clean with great staff and it gets you away from the noise of the strip. Our room was very spacious and in great shape - furniture was all clean, the bathroom had plenty of room and the walk in shower was a nice feature and the beds were comfortable.The pool area was a great place to spend the day - we arrived at noon one day and there were still chairs available. The main wave pool is fun (although you only get one wave every few minutes) and never too crowded. The lazy river is a great way to relax but bring your own tube as the hotel charges $25 to buy one. Drink service is quick and the food at the pool side restaurant is good. Only downsides were that it closes at 6pm and the lifeguards were pretty rude - only doing their job I guess but it got a little annoying when there were multiple whistles going off every 30 seconds. Ruffles cafe had a nice breakfast (pricy of course) and the Noodle House had some great authentic Asian food. Room service was incredibly pricy so we never tried it, I just can't imagine the food would have been good enough to justify the prices and automatic 20% tip that was added. That's one thing that made this resort different from most others - no reasonably priced restaurant options! Head to the Excalibur for a 2 for 1 buffet, the Luxor for a few well priced options or check out Cheap Tickets booths along the strip for some good deals on buffets and sit-downs.The casino is really nice - not nearly as smoky as most other hotels and much cleaner. We're slot players and there were always lots of empty seats. We got out ahead by a few hundred dollars so we were happy!If you want the adventure of the strip without the noise and crowds then stay at the Mandalay!	
May 15 2009 	understaffed inconsistent quality overpriced food and drink	this beautiful facility is a true mixed-bag. the rooms are very comfortable and clean, but details let them down. the beds are wonderful, but the lamps are cheap and flimsy. the bathrooms are large, but the towels are sandpaper-like and smell unclean. the casino is way understaffed, with few change or service people. some of the slot machines are faded and filthy. the restaurants are no better than your average chain, but the prices are 2 or 3 times higher than you might expect to pay for the same food at your local eatery. still, the mandalay bay is a beautiful building, and the staff are friendly and helpful. the problems are all indicative of the economy and the cost-cutting efforts of the hotel. just don't expect very much, and you won't be disappointed.	
May 13 2009 	Best Value in Excellent Hotel	Over the past 9 years, we have stayed at Mandalay many times, but keep coming back here (and to sister property The Hotel). This trip we booked a Media Suite, large and expensive, but came with enough perks to make up for some of the added cost. The furniture in the hotel is clearly showing its age, but it is well maintained. Everyone from check in, room service, pool staff, housekeeping, all friendly but not intrusive. Best pool in Vegas. Because you are at far end of Strip, you have an excellent view. Restaurants in the resort are diverse and very good. Nighclubs are a good mix of styles. We will continue to stay here.	
May 13 2009 	Excellent Excellent Excellent	Myself and a friend stayed at the Mandalay Bay for 4 nights to see our friend get married. The lady at the check-in desk was very friendly, we asked for a room as high up as we could with a good view - she asked if we'd like a pool view - excellent choice! We were on the 34th floor and the view was amazing, even if it made us a little dizzy at first with the floor to celing windows!2 big double beds, extremely comfy, huge HD TV, TV in the big bathroom too! Room was exceptionally clean and is one of the best I've stayed in in my 4 visits to Vegas. Staff were great, our safe jammed and they sent a chap round to fix it in 10 minutes.For any of you visiting the Mandalay Bay go to the Mix Lounge on the top floor of The Hotel at Mandalay (follow the signs) - if you go before 10pm there is no cover charge, you will be knocked out by the views and if you need to go to the toilet (for a sit down) there can be no better toilet on earth - you'll see what i mean if you go !	
May 12 2009 	Come here to put some breathing room between you and Sin City	This sweet smelling hotel is located on one end of the strip. This gives you some room to &quot;get away&quot; from the hustle and bustle of the strip. The property is enormous but you do get the feel for it; it is a resort you don't even have to leave if you don't want to since there are restaurants, shops, casino, and entertainment. I tried the spa and it is a must do if you are here ($20 the whole day if you don't book a treatment). The pool was fun too but that was obviously the most crowded part of the hotel. Rooms are very spacious (we even brought our mountain bikes to our room) with two closets and two sinks and a separate tub/shower. I did not like paying for internet service ($15)...Bring your own drinks and snacks. There is a tram going from here to luxor to excalibur...about $15 to MGM in a cab and $20 bucks to the airport. I hope this helps.	
May 12 2009 	Poor customer service	The exterior, the shopping and the pools are all excellent reasons to visit Mandalay Bay. The customer service? Not so much. We stayed at Mandalay Bay for a DMB concert. Arrived Friday night around 8:30pm and were pleased to see check out would be fast and easy. And it was. Until we went to our room on the 17th floor. Neither my husband nor I could walk too far into the room due to the smell. Overwhelming vomit smell when we opened the door. Ick. Unfortunately, we had to enter the room to use the phone to call for another room assignment. Having paid extra for a strip view, we expected to be moved to that type of room, or better. First off, there was no apology or even surprise from the desk when my husband reporting our room stank of sick so much that we could not stay there. We were offered a room on a lower floor (the 4th) or on the 25th. We took the 25th and reminded them we paid for a strip view. Lugged our suitcases to the second room (there was no offer of bell services at this point) only to find our &quot;strip view&quot; had turned into an &quot;airport view&quot;. And the cell phone did not work. We called (from the 2nd phone) down again and were treated as if we were a problem. Had we not paid extra, this might have been the end, however, we did pay extra and our confirmation indicated strip view. After the &quot;manager&quot; checked into another room for us, we were told to go back up to the 17th floor. Again, NO bell services offered to help us schlep back up to vomit floor. Very horrible service to start our trip. The third room were were assigned was fine. The view was nice. The rest of the weekend was fine. I guess I didn't expect a hotel of this caliber to be just &quot;fine&quot;. The beds were too soft and seemed worn. The furniture was scuffed everywhere and most definitely in need of a rehab, as did the carpet. The bathroom was the cleanest, and, to be honest, the nicest part of the room. The rest of the room also needed a thorough cleaning. There was dust everywhere and the snack bar on the bureau was missing items, which we had to report since we were told if we even MOVED the items, we'd be billed for them. Yes, there are flat screen tvs and the air conditioning was quiet. We also didn't have a problem with neighbor or hallway noise. The pools were spectacular, but all of this is not enough to make up for the lacking we found overall. Next trip, we'll be returning to our faithful Monte Carlo once construction on City is done. The service there has never let us down and we have been able to stay in a strip view Monaco suite for what we paid for a standard strip view at it's sister hotel (they're both part of the MGM dynasty), Mandalay Bay. SOOOOO disappointing. Good thing the concert made up for the crummy room experience. ;-) Oh, and we got the credit card bill yesterday and were charged for a night we already paid for in the deposit when booking, so now, we'll have to deal with that issue as well.	
May 11 2009 	Fantastic oh so super clean new and kept up!!!	i sayed here in march, and i was very pleased with my stay. the most important part is that it was so clean and kept up. a hotel can be clean but at times the tiles can be broken or the carpet old, etc. this place was great i recommend it by far. i used to stay at mgm, but now i think i found a new favorite place. i will be there for my birthday in july again. by the way i also enjoyed their buffet, i arrived when they had just opened for dinner that can also make a difference on the freshness. keep up the fantastic job!	
May 8 2009 	Great Place Good Value	The hotel was clean and simple. Beautiful and spacious rooms.Though its pretty further down the strip still doesn't feel like you are far away. Everything's a taxi ride 5-10 mins away.The pool area is great fun and huge.And the best part is the value. We got a great deal and thats why the Mandalay Bay was our choice.Good service and overall fun!	
May 5 2009 	Clean Clean Clean	The pluses: It's the small touches: the amenaties, separate shower and bath, 2 closets; his and hers, ambient lighting, wine glasses in addition to water glasses in the room.The Mandalay lazy river is smaller than the MGM Grands lazy river, but still fun.The Burger Bar; $40 for two burgers, fries and beer; expensive, but worth it.Elevators, plenty, never had to wait.We had a pool view. it was nice.Negatives;The wave pool. There are too many restrictions, you can't have fun, you can't sit down, Its not practical. They are so paranoid that somebody might get hurt,, but the waves are small.The Mandalay Hotel was nice, but lackluster	
May 3 2009 	No atmosphere	We thought we had booked rooms at the Mandalay Bay, but were given rooms at The Hotel by Mandalay Bay. These rooms were excellent, clean and spacious.The casino and various restaurants lacked any atmosphere and the staff were not very courteous. The wave pool was overated as there was only one wave every 82 seconds,but the lazy river was good. Due to the location at the South end of the Strip it made a taxi necessary any time we wanted to go anywhere else in Las Vegas.$14-99 for internet access was a big surprise after getting free access in San Francisco.I would recommend a a hotel closer to the middle of the strip who have to work a bit harder to attract and keep customers, as we thought this hotel promised to provide good facilities and services but failed to deliver.	
Apr 30 2009 	Fantastic R 	Our stay was for 4 days and 3 nights from 4.12 to 4.15 during the spring break. It was our first visit to Mandalay Bay. We booked the deluxe room 550 for $80.00 through their loyal customer promotion (I guess our stay at NYNY during last year's spring breakqualified us as loyal customer). And then 2 weeks before our trip, the hotel offered a 50% off the suite upgrade rate. So we paid $180.00/night for the 1050 sq ft Sky ViewSuite on the 60th floor. There are four express elevators that go exclusively to 60th, 61stand 62nd floors and for added security can only be operated by a room key. So crowedelevators or long waits was not an issue for this stay. When we checked in, they also threw in a rollaway bed for my son for no charge (normally $30.00/night). I think we gota pretty decent deal. But we were disappointed that the only available rooms were themountain view rooms. The massive hotel lobby is very impressive with a lush tropical look. Right outsidethere are more trees, plants, rocks and waterfalls. Check in was fast and pleasant. Theroom was very nice. The bed was the cleanest and the air conditioner was the mostquiet of all the hotels that we had been to. My wife was able to sleep comfortably evenon the first night because it usually takes her a little time to get used to a strange bed.There were four flat screen TVs in the suite so I could check the scores on ESPN andcatch up with the news in HD, while my wife could see if we made any money on thestock market and my son could watch his Nickelodeon and Cartoon Network. And atthe end of a busy day, we could relax in the large spa bathtub and get a soothing watermassage. The hugh bathroom gave us plenty of room to move around without gettinginto each other's way. Hotel staff was friendly and helpful. The fact that we didn't have to call housekeeping even once speaks volume on how efficiently the hotel was run.But the biggest surprise (a pleasant one) came on the casino floor. My wife and I be-lieve that the bigger and the fancier the hotel, the less it will pay on the slot machines.We were delighted to find out first hand their machines were not too tight. We didn't hitany big jackpots, but a few thousand coins here and a few thousand coins there (weplayed mostly penny machines) were more than what we were hoping for. We used the tram to go to Excalibur quite frequently. From that intersection, NYNY,MGM Grand, Tropicana, Gameworks, M &amp; M Worlds, Coca Cola Shop, discount ticketoutlet Tix4tonight and Walgreens Pharmacy are all within easy walking distance. Onthe second day we bought the $7 all day bus pass to ride on the Deuce to go to CircusCircus during the day and Planet Hollywood during the night. It was comfortable, con-venient and economical. The shortest way to get from the hotel to the bus stop acrossLas Vegas Blvd is through the beach level, not the hotel casino level. Coming back thebus stops right outside the hotel. We didn't want to pay $5 for a bag of peanuts or a can of soda, so we stayed away from the snack basket and we didn't bother to open the refrigerator (however there is another empty one for you own personal use). The restaurants were a bit pricey as previous reviews have stated. So we had breakfast to go from McDonald's at Luxor. For lunch we had pizza at Circus Circus and Nathan's hot dogs at MGM Grand. For dinner we had a quick bite at Manchu Wok at Excalibur, ate at PF Chang's (reasonably pricedand delicious Chinese food, so highly recommened), had buffet (comped, the food wasOK) at Excalibur. For shopping, my wife likes Mandalay Place inside Mandalay Bay and Miracle mileShops next to Planet Hollywood. If you have kids, the arcade at Gameworks near MGMGrand is still the best. The money didn't last too long at the Coney Island Emporium inside NYNY. The one at MGM Grand is located way way back of the hotel. By the timemy son and I got there I was exhausted. The Midways at Circus Circus and Excaliburshow their age. The one at Monte Carlo is too small. Every aspect of the hotel met or exceeded our expectations. But I just wished wecould have enjoyed the pool a litte longer. There were so many people at the pool thatwe could hardly get a space to stand, let alone finding an empty chair to sit down andrelax. It was so crowded I thought either the pool was open to the public or the entirehotel guests decided to go swimming at the same time. For myself, I like the hustle and bustle of the center strip. But my wife loves the more quite side at the south end. We would definitely stay here again and recommendMandalay Bay to all my friends and relatives. This hotel is not only fun for families withchildren. For couples looking for Las Vegas honeymoon hot spots, Mandalay Bay noquestion should be on top of their lists.	
Apr 30 2009 	STAY AWAY	My wife and I recently travelled here and spent our entire time on the filthy property until we both got food poisoning. This ended up being a horrible trip made only worse by the staff that was unsympathetic and unwilling to do anything to help! We followed their procedures to report the incident, and after days of never getting calls back, I was informed that they didn't feel they were at fault and that they would not do anything to fix the situation. They would not even agree to pay us back for the extra night we were charged for after we stayed in our room a few extra hours throwing up and sick in bed from somthing that we contracted from them. Oh yeah, and 2 orders of toast deliverd to the room on the day we were sick cost $32!	
Apr 26 2009 	Wonderful Sky View Suite	I stayed here for my nephew's wedding in a Sky View Suite on the 60th floor (restricted access) using the VIP Gold Pass program ($ 200 extra) which included a stretch limo pick up and return at the beginning and end of my trip. I stayed for 6 nights as a single passenger in a 1050 square foot room with a Strip View of Downtown Las Vegas. I have to say while the room was a bit pricey (different price each night) for the 6 nights this was one of the most fantastic rooms I have ever had in any of the hotels I have ever stayed! In had a large living room, a separate wet bar with sink, a separate guest bathroom and closet area, a huge bedroom and a very, very large bathroom! There were 4 plasma t.v.s in the room and each day I got complete bed linen changes and towel services. There was large jacuzzi tub and a shower. The bathroom was fantastic. The view was fabulous. I saw the entire strip from both my bedroom and my living room. Since it was my nephew's wedding, I was able to host before and after parties in my room each night in the living room area, and was able to host up to 20 to 30 people (there wasn't enough furniture for more than 20 but people sat on the floor!) and the housekeeping service gladly bought us more ice and cups free of charge. The room was fantastic for a single traveler. As a Gold Key Traveler I signed up for the $ 200 program, and got a stretch limo to and from the airport and VIP lounge access at the beginning and end of my stay and it was well worth the $ 200 extra. The only caution I would warn you about is NOT to order room service. I thought that one morning I would order a $ 5 bagel and cream cheese and a $ 12 pot of coffee and tip the delivery guy myself but when the bill posted to my room it turned out to be a $ 50 CHARGE for service (which I had already paid to the delivery guy!), plus room service charge, tax, fees, and etc. etc. So it was the most expensive bagel I had ever eaten in my life. Ride the elevator down stairs and go across the street to McDonalds. It will take you ten minutes and you can save $ 50! You'll be back in the room in 10 minutes. The maid service was excellent and I tipped them each day and they even told me I didn't need to do that but they gave me tons of bath soaps and products because i mentioned how much I liked them. There were some problems with the woman next door but I called security and they came IMMEDIATELY and fixed the problem. All in all this is a five star hotel and well worth the money. You'll love it!The SPA is to die for -- separate men and women's get a five day pass-- you'll love the different temp pools and the sauna and steam room. The outdoor wave pools are the best -- the lifeguards are strict. You must be THIS TALL (48&quot;) to enter the wave area -- and the waves and undertow are REAL AND STRONG (I am 5'4&quot; tall and an adult) and it was STRONG--I got pulled under----so they are SERIOUS about it---its not for little kids---they'll check and measure them and its for a good reason!! But its a unique experience. There are four or five other pools including a lazy river and they have a SAND BEACH -- ask for one of the deck hands to find you chairs and they'll help -- a TIP HELPS.	
Apr 25 2009 	Over priced and over hyped	My biggest gripe...the walls were thin. I had to listen to a couple arguing in the next room. Later, the guy played his stereo so loud that I had to leave the room and return late in the night in order to go to sleep. I can't believe the original builders skimped on the walls. The room was nice, though. There are better places to stay if you want a quiet hotel room.	
Apr 23 2009 	Mandalay Bay is TRES expensive for what you get!	Our room was 22333. Elevators were pretty fast when you got on one. The elevator area is very very small and crowded. People getting on and off with luggage. It was maddening at times!Travelers need to keep in mind that they charge EXTRA for wireless internet service PER LAPTOP! $15 A DAY!!!! Other hotels don't charge! We were astonished!! In fact, Travelers need to be aware that they will be charged for EVERYTHING at this hotel!! LOLOur son took his XBox to hook and and play but there is not jack for this. We have had no problem hooking it up at other hotels we have visited. So much for bringing that along.The pool is a great amenity - IF YOU CAN FIND A PLACE TO SIT!! The hotel is too big to accommodate all of the visitors around the pool. It was a mad house! So many guests were complaining about the lack of seating. If you want to have any snacks or lunch at the pool you will wait in line an hour to get your food. The hubby went IN to the Hotel and walked to the shops to get some sandwiches. That was the smarter idea. The pool cafe or restaurants are tooooooo busy!!!Highball drinks are $10 for a well drink!!! Very expensive! Domestic Beers are $7!!!! Bartenders were friendly but you couldn't get a cocktail waitress. They walked around but never saw them with drinks or never saw them taking orders. They just walk around. I guess you have to flag them down to actually have them wait on you.They have &quot;snacks&quot; in your room and a mini bar. We aren't big drinkers so we had no problem with the Mini Bottle stocked Mini bar. I have no idea how expensive the mini bottles were. Back to the snacks = Don't eat these if you don't want to get RIPPED OFF!! My son ate a box of cookies I think it was equivalent to the McDonalds box of cookies and that tiny box of cookies was $9 dollars (NINE)!! Don't be duped into thinking you can use all of those gorgeous pools!!!! You can only use The wave Pool, the Lazy River and one other pool. The other pools are for special guests of another hotel. We got suckered!!!My hubby and I like to work out. We assumed the gym was part of the amenities. NOT SO!! You have to buy a SPA PASS to be able to use the gym. I think it was $40 a day to use the gym with your &quot;Daily $40 Spa pass&quot;! How absurd!! The lifeguards constantly yelled at the kids. And they have weird rules in the wave pool. You have to stay between 2 lines. You can't put your chair in the water or sit in the shallow part. The lifeguards will yell at you and tell you to get out.Tubes must be rented or purchased for the lazy river. They don't have them out for just anybody to use. Beds were VERY comfy! Loved the mattresses!! Our room had a gorgeous view of the over crowded pool area. We loved the room! Gorgeous!We ate at a Mexican Restaurant in the hotel. It was very overpriced. The food was pretty good but you didn't get much of it. Our bill was $100 (for 3 people) we each had an APPETIZER AND WATER!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WATER!!!! Oh yeah!! And they charged us for WATER!! It wasn't even bottled water. They poured it out of a pitcher. LOL!! We were astonished!!We felt like we were constantly being nickeled and dimed at this hotel. Nice place to stay, but amenities are ridiculously overpriced.	
Apr 23 2009 	NIce hotel but..............	Stayed here a couple of years ago, review late but better than never.This is one of LV's top hotels, right at the end of the Strip and it's very nice but..........There's no coffee maker in the rooms.Super 8 have coffee makers. Mandalay Bay don't.Actually it's not just MB, I believe coffee makers are a bit of a rarity in LV hotel rooms.MB has over half a dozen award winning restaurants, yet only ONE coffee shop.The hotel has 16 elevators and they all discharge right in front of the only coffee shop.Early morning can be a zoo, and remember all those animals are going through caffeine withdrawal.Nice pool with beach and wave pool, but I have to wonder why in the city that supposedly never sleeps, do they close the pool at 6:00pm ? When you're there for a conference that finishes at 5;00pm there's not much time to enjoy it.Nice workout facility, but with a $30 per day charge for hotel guests.All in all, you'd be better off down on Freemont St, see Old Vegas.	
Apr 23 2009 	Chair Fight At Pool	We were a party of 8 adults and 1 child with four rooms. The pool opens at 9am. We arrived at 9:10 and could not find chairs together. So we broke up and started walking around looking some chairs together. When one of us found a few together he grabbed them. Only to get into a fight with two ladies who told him he could not save chairs. Then as he was arguing with them someone from behind him grabbed a chair and walked away. Is this anyway to have a nice vacation. If you arrived at the pool after 10am there were no chairs anywhere to be found. The place needs another 1000 chairs to accomondate all their guests. Also rooms need updating. Be prepared to wait on lines all over. Also expect to pay for everything extra like the gym and internet.	
Apr 22 2009 	Spacious Room and a Bonus Too!	We spent three nights at Mandalay Bay and I chose this hotel based on the pool. My husband was attending a conference and we are not big gamblers so the pool was the factor. We’ve had a long cold winter in Seattle and needed some fun in the sun. Check-in went smoothly and our room was perfect for us. 31st floor with a view of the pools. Our king bed was super comfy – just like at home, two closets – just like at home, and a great bathroom with soaking tub, separate shower and TV – wish I had that at home. My husband would have appreciated a coffee maker. Yes, the elevators are inconsistent and the response from the staff was “our elevators have a mind of their own.” The Pools – there are several pools in the complex including a wave pool and lazy river. People were lining up before the pools opened in the morning and you are hard pressed to find a lounge chair after the first couple of hours. Although there are signs saying you can’t ‘reserve’ chairs, it is very common to see towels laid out on a chair and nobody in sight for the majority of the day. This is so inconsiderate to those of us who actually want to use pool chairs. Families seem to gather near the wave pool and lazy river and it’s quieter at the outlying pools. We have an awesome wave pool at a water park in Seattle and I was disappointed by the Mandalay Bay wave pool. One wave every three minutes or so. Boring. But the lazy river was fun – quick current and a good length. Next time I would bring my own inflatable float – the hotel charges $16 to purchase one and no rentals are available. You can order basic grill items at $10 a pop and drinks are about the same. We found the Border Grill right outside of the pool area to have good food and interesting drinks. I loved the Baha Ceviche. We rented a pool cabana one day and it was really fun to have that extra pampering and extra shade. The temperature went up to 92 degrees and we were able to duck inside and take a break from the sun. The cabana included a comfy couch, fridge including six complimentary soft drinks and six small bottles of water, a bucket of ice, a giant TV which we didn’t use at all, a table with two chairs, and two lounge chairs outside with a small table to set books and drinks on. The cabana also included two floats for the pools. Waiters checked on us throughout the day for food and drink requests which went on a separate tab. My husband was able to finish up some work on his laptop in the cabana while I read outside. It was a great day. Restaurants – we had one breakfast at the buffet and it was average – fruit, meats, omelets to order. Nothing especially innovative. We ate twice at Raffles, only because it was the only place open when we were hungry. It was very average and overpriced. There is a Subway sandwich shop across the street and a small grocery store. We picked up a bottle of wine and used the corkscrew and wine glasses provided in our room.Location -- We didn’t mind the end of the strip location. We took the tram to Excaliber, Luxor and walked across the street to NYNY and MGM. We took cabs to evening events at other hotels.	
Apr 22 2009 	Mandalay Bay with the family	We spent 6 days at Mandalay Bay in mid-April to celebrate our 25th anniversary. We picked Mandalay Bay for two reasons - the availability of a 2 bedroom suite with 2 beds in it (for our 14 year old daughter and 13 year old son) and the pools.Check in took a little while. Rather than one line where you go to the next available window, there were multiple lines (one line for each clerk) so you could be stuck in a slow line. We had requested a non-smoking two bedroom suite with two beds in the 2nd room. When we got to our room, it was obvious that the previous quests had been smokers and there was just a king in the 2nd bedroom. A call to the front desk got us moved to the proper room but after a comment from them that they don't guarantee a particular configuration in the suites (that despite having a confirmation from my travel agency for 2 beds in the 2nd room.Plasma TVs in each bedroom and the living room area along with smaller LCD TV's in each bathroom. Our bathroom had a large Jacuzzi tub and the 2nd bathroom had a huge shower complete with a rain shower head in the ceiling.The suite was very roomy and comfortable with many amenities but a microwave or coffee maker would have been nice.There are many food options but all high priced. We walked to the Luxor and took advantage of their lower priced food court (Quiznos, McDonalds, etc). The BBQ pork sandwich at the House of Blues was very good.Yes it is located at the southern end of the strip and it's a distance to many other places but we knew this ahead of time so we can't complain about that.The pools are very nice but extremely crowded. They tout having a sand beach but it's wall to wall lounge chairs. On a nice day if you don't get there first thing in the morning you will not get a chair.We're not big gamblers but we found the casino to be one of the most appealing of those we visited. There is plenty of open space between groups of machines and the ceiling is higher than in many other casinos. That gives it a more open and airy feel than others we saw (Harrah's for example, gave us claustrophobia &lt;g&gt;).The concierge was very helpful and pleasant, booking us for a day trip to Hoover Dam.Overall a pleasant experience and we'd consider Mandalay Bay should we return to Vegas.	
Apr 22 2009 	Very nice hotel good value	We got a steal on this hotel using Expedia, and it also came with a $25 resort credit that we used towards food. The rooms are nice and large, the bathrooms have separate soaking tub and glass shower with a flat screen TV. The beds were super comfortable with a featherbed on them. I really hated the pillows though....they were kind of bulky and hard. We ate the buffet breakfast, which had a huge selection of items for the price (15.99 per person) and was pretty good. I only have one small complaint about the service. When checking in, we asked the front desk what time the Shark Reef Aquarium was open and she said 10am to 10pm. So we left the hotel and planned on coming back to do the Shark Reef before going to bed. We arrived back at 7:30 only to find out that it was closed! I had a very upset 3 year old who had been wanting to see the sharks for days. My husband talked with a manager to let him know and the manager offerred to give us a free night's stay, but our plane was leaving in the morning. Apparantly, the hours for the Shark reef had changed just a few weeks prior and they now close at 7 or 8 during the week. Overall, this was a nice hotel with a lot to do. Keep in mind there is a lot of walking from the parking garages to the elevators to the guest rooms. I think this is pretty standard in most Vegas hotels because of their size. Oh, and the pool is really nice. There is a HUGE wave pool, lazy river, beach, and regular pools.	
Apr 21 2009 	More hype than it can deliver	My wife and I recently stayed at Mandalay for three nights after getting a decent promotion discount on the rooms. A few friends of ours raved how big the pools were at Mandalay and that the hotel was very nice.The good: Check-in/Check-out was very quick and easy. The hotel gaming floor is spacious and spread-out. The Sunday morning buffet was a bit pricy (25-30ish), but it was a special brunch with crab legs and prime rib - both of which were excellent for a buffet. There is also a tram that will take you to the far side of Excaliber, right to the skywalk heading into NY/NY. The tram doesn't make any stops when heading back to Mandalay - which makes it a nice quick trip.The bad: Pool area - lazy river, wave pool, sunbathing. The hotel probably has the largest pool area in Vegas, the wave pool gets up to 7ft deep, and there is real sand all around the wave pool. But compared to the number of rooms (3200+) it makes for a very crowded pool area, and unless you get there at opening (10am) you are lucky to find a seat. It’s hard to blame the hotel for their lounge chair to guest ratio though. It’s definitely the best around – which is the problem… most people stay at the hotel just for the pool. The tubes for the lazy river go fast as well – they were gone by 10:15 on a Monday! The wave-pool is also pretty lame - one medium-sized wave every minute. It would be pretty fun and save for kids, but not much of a thrill for adults. The hotel is also the furthest south – not ideal if you plan to spend a lot of time on the strip.The Ugly: The hotel’s elevators are so insanely slow. Make sure to hold down the “close door” button after each stop. The lines around the elevators can also get really crowded which is due to the large number of guests and super slow elevators. The fitness center is part of the spa - you'll pay $30+ for a day pass.Overall: The rooms weren’t as nice as I was expecting. I stayed at Treasure Island last year and thought that their rooms were nicer, their drinks (by the pool) were a lot better and that there were more available lounge chairs at any given time. My wife and I are late 20’s and will probably try out NY/NY or Paris next trip, maybe even TI again. I was a pretty disappointed with Mandalay and I think it’s too hyped up for how crowed it is. I wouldn't recommend it for couples, but it would probably be great for families with kids.	
Apr 20 2009 	Nice Stay at Mandalay Bay	Stayed at MBay for a week with two adults and one child (yes, I brought my son to Vegas :). I know reviews on here are mixed, so I'll just add my two cents.What was good: check-in was smooth and easy; the property is beautiful and inside the lobby, casino, public spaces etc. are nicely maintained and clean; staff were consistently friendly; casino was large and not overly crowded; not smokey; dealers were friendly; restaurants were nice; rooms were large; strip view was nice; Shark Reef aquarium.What was great: pools, pools, pools - very family friendly and large - even though it was quite crowded and sometimes hard to come by a seat if you didn't arrive near the opening time; the landscaping; the beds - lovely and comfortable; the huge bathrooms with soaker tubs and tv; housekeeping; the bellmen; the buffet; staff at the pool; the tram to Luxor and Excaliber; the Border Grill; security staff.What wasn't so great: we had some bad luck and were beside some loudly arguing (screaming and slamming, actually) next-door neighbours (not the hotel's fault, obviously) - but the walls are not super-sound-proof; Raffles cafe was slooooowww and too pricey for what you get; sundries are very expensive (but, after all, it is Vegas); a stain on the chair in the room - no biggie; crowded space around the elevators in the lobby area; just little stuff.Overall, I would highly recommend Mandalay Bay. There were all types staying there - singles, couples, conventioneers, lots of families, young, old and everyone in between. The pools are a great draw and if you get there early, you can relax the day away. Be prepared to have the wallet open a lot and try to win some $ back in the casino :) Try the breakfast buffet at the Bay Side; it was really good for the price ($16 for adults, kids 4 and under are free). Kids will love the view of the airport (my boy did) and the planes and helicopters coming in and out, and going for a ride on the tram. You can pop them into the arcade at the Excaliber too. We also liked the shops in Mandalay Place and the dancing penguin outside of the Minus 5 vodka bar there. It was a fun time in a fantastic city. It's Vegas, baby!	
Apr 20 2009 	Huge hotel at Southern End of The Strip	We had decided to stay at several different hotels in Vegas and as we had booked a hotel in the northern end of the strip, we selected Mandalay Bay for our 2nd hotel. The first impression is the size of the complex. When we eventually found our way from the massive self park garage to registration, we did have a wait of about 20 minutes to check in. Our room on the 26th floor was impressive, with a view over The Strip and the airport. The room was spacious and the bathroom even more so. We liked the TV in the bathroom! The elevator system was good with few delays. The pool area was excellent. The only main problem with this hotel is it's location. At the south end of the main hotels on the strip, it is quite a journey to the central strip, although there is a monorail taking you to The Excalibur. We would recommend The Mandalay Bay as a hotel but would suggest to a friend a more central location would be even better.	
Apr 19 2009 	Nice Place to stay but too far away	Although this is a very nice place to stay we found it was an inconvenient distance from everything.....There is a free Tram you can take that gets you between Mandalay, Luxor and the Excalibur, but after that your on foot.....and it is miles and miles to get anywhere....Cabs can be very pricey...From Mandalay to Freemont street is $25 one way....Best to stay mid strip....Treasure Island or Cearsers......Our room was great, clean and ready when it was suppose to be.....The pool was very nice but busy busy busy.....drinks there are very expensive....We found everywhere to be very pricey...yes you can get cheap buffets or a steak and lobster dinner for $11.99 but trust me, you get what you pay for.......Best show we saw was Gordie Brown...American Superstars was pretty good and Mystere was awesome...We saw the Grand Canyon and Hoover Dam by airplane which was incredible but not for the quezzy....very windy and the ride was rough....Beware of the timeshare people....they want to give you all kinds of discounts and free shows promising you only 2 hours of your time but in actual fact it is more like 5 hours...Freemont street is a must at night...Dick's Restraunt at the Excalibur is a must.....(adults only..not for children)staff there are tons of fun.....Overall had a great time but not someplace we would visit again	
Apr 19 2009 	Rooms are thrashed!	We stay at the Hotel every year we go to Vegas but decided to try Mandalay this time and was so disappointed with this visit. We upgraded to their 650 room and found it to be completely thrashed. Stained couch, every piece of furniture was peeling, curtain off hook, shower nozzle loose, hair in shower etc. etc.. I asked to be moved to same room just different location and saw the exact same thing!! The rooms were renovated 2 years ago and looked like they had frat parties in them every night since then. Luckily they upgraded us to the 60th floor and a very nice suite but honestly I would've preferred not to move since we had a great view of the strip. The airport was a little noisy (planes were taking off at 5am!) Sadly we'll be staying at a different hotel next year but will miss the awesome pool.	
Apr 17 2009 	The Bay is OK	Stayed a couple of nights at the Bay last weekend. Had always wanted to stay there, and got a great rate from the casino side of the house. We used to often stay at Luxor a while back, so being on that end of the Strip was really no issue for us (except as noted below). We liked the casino, restaurants, etc. at MB, so we jumped at a chance to try it.We had a 550DR on the 33 floor. The room was very nice, and very roomy as expected. Liked the his &amp; her closets, but weren't all that thrilled with the bathroom entrance right into the main room. Just a personal, preference, I suppose, but unless you went out of your way to close the bathroom door, it seemed to intrude on the main room.Others have mentioned the slowness of the elevators. We found this to be true much of the time. Of course, it didn't help that half the time there seemed to be families on the car, and the parents allowed their children to get a thrill by playing with the buttons, resulting in unnecessary stops up or down.There did seem like an awful lot of families running around the property. However, we kind of expected it with the popularity of the pools. Parents, and hotel staff, need to do a better job of keeping children out of the casino, however.One thing I haven't seen mentioned much is the issue of jet noise. Our room faced McCarran, and jets didn't stop til well after midnight, and started up again early the next morning. Helicopters were right across the street, also. All could be heard quite clearly and were only muffled when we turned our A/C fan on the high setting.With all that being said, we would stay there again. I thinks it's one of the nicer properties on the strip, despite some minor drawbacks.	
Apr 17 2009 	WHAT A HOTEL!	Thi was our third trip to Mandalay Bay. After our last trip started and ended bad, I contacted Bill Hornbuckle, the NEW CFO. After finding out what had happened he went far beyond messure to make my wife and I happy. We had the Media suit on the34th floor comp. A wonderfull bottle of red wine, strawberries to die for and a hand written card fom him. Mandalay is NOT just a hotel. It is a resort and spa. Upscale and not for anyone on a budget. The food is wonderful, the lounge's are great. The staff is always on there toes. The rooms are very clean, well taken care of and very up to date. We have always loved Mandalay Bay. I have stayed at the Wynn, MGM as well as others. I will not stay anywhere else but at Mandalay Bay. Room service is aways on time, with wonderful food and great service. If you are looking for an upscale hotel with all the food fun and great service you expect for your money.... Mandalay Bay is the only place to go!	
Apr 16 2009 	Nice Hotel.... Concrete Beach	My family and I visited the Mandalay over Easter weekend 4/9 - 4/15. Upon our arrival we entered into the hotel's lobby that was absolutely immaculate as it was impressive. Our room was on the 28th floor overlooking the strip (It appears you only have a 1/4 chance of this). Although the room was beautiful, it did show signs of use with rug stains and bed covers that looked a little over used. The bathroom as many of the other reviewers have mentioned is the center piece of even the most basic room here. My 10 year old son took a bath every morning just so he could have an opportunity to watch Sponge Bob with the bathroom's HD. I also will say that the casino was well designed and better than most in Las Vegas. It has some decent places to eat and a shark reef exhibit (a bit overpriced). My only major complaint is the pool. Although the pool facility is well designed, on Easter Sunday by 12 noon you couldn't get a chair to save your life. This also applied to the 2 lower pools and the lazy river. I ended up having to go to the South pool and that too had no chairs. I like a few others ended up using the concrete and this was my beach for the day.	
Apr 16 2009 	Waste of Money!!!!!	We usually stay at MGM but decided to go to MB because of rate and to go to the pool. I specifically asked if there were any restrictions, was told no, wrong, there is a height restriction for the wave pool so my daughter couldn't even go in.Service was terrible. I sat for an hour at the beach and was ignored by the waittresses until I finally got up and got my $11 drink myself.The elevators were slow, valet was slower and the tram was not working 2 of the 3 days we were there. Let me tell you, it is a loooooong walk from the MGM carrying a sleeping 4 year old.The hotel was inconvenient, overpriced for the value and the worst service of any hotel we have stayed at.The slot machines were also not fun unless you like penny or dollar machines. I may only be a recreational gambler but I really missed the quarter slots. :( only a few were available.Be careful of the snacks in the room, if you pick them up to look at them you get charged! Internet is charged per computer per day.	
Apr 15 2009 	Great rooms and customer service but be prepared to wait for the elevators	We stayed for 3 nights at Mandalay Bay on a promotion and enjoyed our stay. The rooms are spacious, clean, and updated. We were able to get a non-smoking room upon arrival, but had to get 2 queens, instead of the king we requested. We didn't use the pools this time, but heard it was very crowed with no chairs to be found, so we were glad we hadn't. The only real issue we had was with the elevators. We had to wait up to 5 minutes at times, and there was always a huge backup of people with suitcases trying to get to their floors. There were several elevators, but I don't think all were working.We only had few service requests during our stay- one for a missing &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign and the other for extra towels, and both requests were filled immediately. We also requested a later check-out time without a problem or charge. Overall, the hotel staff was very friendly.We ate breakfast at Raffles Cafe and had decent food and service each time. We loved Burger Bar and Shanghai Lily for dinner! There are plenty of restaurants and shops. For cheap liquor/beer/wine, we went across the street to a shop.As far as the casino, our luck wasn't great, and some of the dealers were unfriendly. They also refused to rate anyone betting the minimum at the table (at least at a $10 table), no matter how long you played there. We used the tram to get to the Excalibur Hotel, although it was closed for maintenance a few times, which was very inconvenient. In general, several of the escalators and elevators on that end of the strip were broken, which made it difficult after walking a lot. If you have special needs, it could be very difficult to get around.	
Apr 13 2009 	Positives and Negatives	We stayed at Mandalay Bay from April 2-10th. The first room we were sent to (we booked the 750 sqr ft suite for our honeymoon) had a view of a parking lot. I called to complain and they immediately switched our room to a fantastic room on the 25th floor overlooking the strip. That was a big plus. We ate at the Burger Bar in Mandalay Place and it too was great! However, Mandalay Bay seems to be a hotspot for family vacations, with tons of infants to underage teenagers running around. It was somewhat disruptive, hearing babies scream and children complaining. We primarily stayed here because of the beach and lazy river. Don't let them fool you!! You must buy the tubes for the lazy river and they range in cost from $16-25 and are not returnable. The lazy river itself is a tiny circle (no where near as long as any lazy river I've been on) It was actually quite pathetic. The wave pool left much to be desired as well. It was so crowded (again with children) that we ended up having to sit on the sand in the shade because there was no room anywhere and the actually 'waves' was only about one wave every three minutes or so. Again, left MUCH to be desired. Here's our big complaint. While we really enjoyed the food at Mandalay Bay at first (we ate at Mandalay Bay's buffet, House of Blues, Burger Bar, RM Seafood, Rumjungle and Red, White and Blue) my husband contracted a horrid case of food poisoning that was diagnosed by the local hospital after lab results came back as salmonella. The only other spot he could have caught it was at the Wendy's on the strip, but I think its highly unlikely to get food poisoning from fried food. But, I'm not a doctor. All I know is that we primarily ate at the restaurants at Mandalay and when I called to tell them that my husband was hospitalized for three days, all they did was give me $50 off the room price (which we ended up having to pay for while we stayed in the hospital). Lastly, when we went to leave and claim any comp we had for gambling, while we didn't gamble much (due to our wonderful stay at Sunrise Hospital) we found out at the Player's Club that the pit boss that entered our play completely screwed us and put us in as playing $12 an hour, and let me tell you we lost a lot more than that between the tables and slot machines. So we ended up not getting any comp. And the 'representative' at the Player's Club just told us basically 'touch luck'. Overall this is a decent hotel for families. The rooms are great, awesome bathrooms (in the suite at least) and I actually liked the fact that it was a little bit seperated from the strip. Oh and you will definitely hear the planes taking off and landing...so if noise is a problem, don't stay on the strip view side of the hotel. The airport is right next to the hotel. If you are a couple looking for a romantic vacation, skip Mandalay and try the Paris or the Wynn. One last thing....if you want to use the gym...be willing to pay $30 a day.	
Apr 12 2009 	Once but not Again	We spent 1 night at Mandalay Bay on 4/5 and I don't think we'll be back. We went there primarily to spend time at the pool as we'd heard their pool was very nice. We didn't find out since it was so crowded we couldn't find a place to put down a towel, let alone a chair. Drinks were $11 and rental of tubes for the lazy river was $23. We thought that was pretty high since our room only was $79. There was a significant wait at the elevators and when we checked out the next morning, there was only 1 person on duty. On the plus side, Our room was very nice. Nice, large bathroom with a TV in there. Comfy bed. If the hotel was further north on the strip, we might stay here again. However, with the location as it is, we won't be back.	
Apr 12 2009 	Pretty Clean nice beach quiet however not a great value for cost	I'll separate the positives from the negatives so readers can skim through quickly :)Positives: Our hotel room was very clean and really comfortable. The breakfast buffet had a good selection of food and we didn't have to wait in line. It was worth the $40.00 cost for my husband and I to eat breakfast there. Our hotel floor had a wonderful view of the Vegas strip. It was really beautiful to watch the Vegas strip light-up at night! Taxis were easy to find with very little wait. A Taxi ride to the airport cost $16.00, which didn't seem too bad. It's also easy to walk to the bus stop for the Deuce bus ($3.00 each way) that travels down the Vegas strip. Negatives: Most of the negatives are &quot;little things&quot; and don't detract too much from an overall good experience. However, here are the negatives: Any service like the gym, spa, or room service is way too expensive. Small purchase like snacks or toothpaste downstairs are overpriced. Sensodyne toothpaste was $14.00 and Sodas were $3.50 for 6-8 ounces! The soda machines by the room were slightly more reasonable at $2.00. The gym costs $30.00 a day for hotel guests~! There was no coffee machine or hot water machine for tea in the room. Also no refrigerator in the room. Room service coffee/tea was $7.50! It was just annoying to have to worry about little expenses during an otherwise good stay. The check-in process took too long at about 10 minutes per person. There was a fee for High speed internet of about $15.00 per day.	
Apr 12 2009 	Nice property comfy rooms confusing layout great pools	This was our first time staying at the MB. We are frequent visitors to Vegas and have always stayed at the Venetian or MGM Signature. MB had a great rate and we decided to give it a try.First, the pool area totally lives up to its hype. I doubt there is a nicer pool area.Second, the rooms are nicely appointed. I recommend, if you are a couple, get a room with a King-size bed. The King rooms have nicer furniture and a better bathroom layout. The beds are extremely comfortable and have plenty of pillows.A few concerns: Finding our way around on the casino floor was extremely confusing with too few directional signs to tram, shops or exits. Once you get the 'lay of the land' the MB is quite a nice property with a number of services and places too eat. BUT - I was extremely mad that in all of the property I could not find ONE place that sold Coca Cola products! That is ridiculous! I should not be held hostage by some corporate agreement when, as the customer, I prefer the taste of Coke to Pepsi. Not even in the gift store? COME ON!The staff as a whole are personable and customer-service friendly. Yet, we had one bizarre occurence the morning of our checkout. A maid come to our room at 9AM and knocked and then entered. When we said to come back after we had left, she insisted that we were supposed to already be out of the room. Since checkout is by 11AM, we insisted that she leave. And yet, at 10:15AM she came back and again tried to make us leave the room so she could clean it. We again told her to leave and this time called Housekeeping to lodge a complaint. Apologies were made and we were promised that the maid in question would be spoken too and reminded of hotel policy. Just a warning, if you stay on the 26th floor, watch out for this one.And one last pet peeve, this is true of pretty much all Vegas resorts, you cannot use the fitness center, or use your laptop without paying fees. When Vegas hotels/casinos are already getting money in so many other ways, is it really fair to ask for an extra $15 - $30 for services that are generally complimentary at every other hotel in the United States?!Overall, we liked this property and plan to visit again.	
Apr 10 2009 	Only if you get a great deal 	I picked MB because I had visited friends at the pool before and loved it. I'm not a hotel expert by any means, but I have stayed at quite a few different hotels on the strip. MB is nice, but I wouldn't necessarily recommend it. Notwithstanding my criticism, the pool area is pretty cool, for families or otherwise. There is a wave pool, and the “lazy river.” This time visiting the pool area occurred over spring break, making me feel like I was on MTV (i.e. it was mostly all college kids), which made finding a chair really tough. I didn’t like the room. I was with my husband, but if I was staying with a group of friends or family in the room, things could be restrictively uncomfortable. The room we were in wasn’t huge – in the hallway leading from the entrance door into the room was a window into the bathroom. The window was glass, as was the shower door, so anyone walking into/out of the room would have to walk right by the window, which looks right into the bathroom (shower &amp; bathtub included). So there's no privacy and no shades, etc to prevent the lack of privacy. Very strange! I've stayed in many hotels and have never seen this odd situation. Only in Vegas I guess. Unfortunately, that is not my only complaint with the room. As soon as we got into the room we noticed the toilet area reeked of urine. It was horrendous. I called to complain and the cleaning crew spent quite a bit of time trying to clean it up but were unable. So the bathroom, completely lacking in privacy, was also reeking of urine. In all fairness I did not complain again to hotel staff (that the smell remained despite a second cleaning), nor did I ask to be moved to another room (although I really wish I had now). It would've been nice for someone from the hotel to call and check we were satisfied, but that did not occur. On a positive note, if you’re into working out or running and are cheap like me and don’t want to pay extra to get some exercise, Mandalay Bay may be for you. Outside the pool area is a running/walking track, which was a huge bonus. (Most hotels in Vegas offer an area to workout for a fee; at MB you have an outdoor track, at the very least, for free.) As far as the hotel, I had no complaints with the casino itself. In fact, it seemed easier &amp; quicker to get a drink while I was gambling there, than in any other casino I visited on this trip. And I must say, the staff was better than average in friendliness &amp; helpfulness. We did the brunch buffet, which I would not recommend. It wasn’t cheap and wasn't great.	
Apr 10 2009 	avoid the sunday brunch sorry	visited raffles for breakfast and it was delicious with beautiful surroundings and great service. went to the brunch restaurant the day after an it doesn't compare, in fact i DO NOT recommend the buffet at the mandalay. service was lacking and more importantly the food was nothing special. the bacon was burnt, the muffins under the eggs benedict were soggy, the rolls were rock hard, the fruit was tasteless. hmmm what else, it's for cattle who don't care WHAT they eat rather how much.	
Apr 10 2009 	Stay in the property	Every single feature that you would wish is available!! The outdoor pool is amazing! The sauna/spa excellent! All kinds of entertainment are available, including, of course, a very clean &amp; friendly casino. Etc...The room was big with a huge bathroom and a view on the strip, very nice at night!A few minor issues though:- The hotel is the last on the strip (next to the airport), so quite far if you want to go to other famous casinos- The food is expensive regardless of your choice, and the choice is huge, there are a number of restaurants of all kinds, all overpriced..- Service is so so.. even if I did not use it a lot (started with a slow check in, ended with slow check out with a few issues on the bill)	
Apr 9 2009 	Great Hotel at the end of the strip	The hotel was beautiful and smells great everytime you walk in. They were able to let us check into our 2 rooms early (around noon). Front desk clerk was nice but not overly friendly. When we got to our room it smelled like smoke even though the front desk said the whole floor was nonsmoking. I called down to the front desk and they moved us to a different room on the same floor as our other room. Housekeeping brought us up a key within 10 minutes. The rooms are beautiful. We had just a basic room with 2 beds and it was a great size. We had a great view of the pool. House of Blues restaurant is great for breakfast. We didn't try it for any other meal. Red, White and Blue restaurant was not good for breakfast. It had a very limited menu and was extremely expensive. The pool was very busy and unless you get there before noon you won't find a chair unless you walk around awhile and wait for people to leave. The pool temps were great. The lazy river is a lot of fun. It has a strong current so you don't need a tube to go around.This hotel is on the south end of the strip so we spent a bit of money taking taxis to the other hotels. The tram was working when we were there and it would take you to the Luxor or Excalibur. Zumanity by Cirque de Soleil was awesome! It was playing at New York New York. Dian Diaz was playing at the JPop lounge. Free music and she was great!I would stay at this hotel again but I just wish it was more in the middle of the strip.	
Apr 9 2009 	A mostly wonderful stay at Mandalay Bay	My husband and I wanted to try Mandalay Bay this year after staying at Four Seasons last year; we read here at Trip Advisor that MB was just as nice as Four Seasons and much less expensive. The niceness factor was certainly true. We found our room modern, beautifully decorated, sparkling clean, and spacious (and this was a room booked with a bargain fly/stay deal). We especially liked the bathroom layout which featured a separate shower and tub, two sinks and a separate toilet room. The living space was more interesting and just as nice, as FS.  Unfortunately, MB is a much noisier hotel. This seems to be because it attracts a younger, party crowd, and the wall insulation seems to be missing. After checking in (long lines but efficient), I navigated my luggage through large groups of people who congregated at the elevator portals and took the elevator to the 8th floor. As I got off the elevator, I was pleased to see that my room number was at the end of a long hallway- wow! I was going to get a room away from the elevator even though I booked at a bargain price. My fantasy was dashed as I got closer to my room. At the end of the long hallway was a double door (a large suite?) that was vibrating from the loud music coming from inside. A group of four men emerged as we were putting the key into our door. Next to my room another loud party was taking place. Women were shrieking and screaming to their own party music. It was 5 PM. Once inside my own room, I wondered if the building had any insulation at all. I could hear the music and screaming from next door as if I were in the same room. Someone shrieked. Another person let out a &quot;Wooooo&quot; (Okay I am in Las Vegas- I reminded myself) Thankfully, we had many activities planned--we just hoped the party people would be passed out, checked out or asked out by the time we wanted to go to sleep. When we returned at 11 PM all was quiet. Then, we were awakened around 2 AM by another shout of &quot;Rock and Roll!&quot; in the hallway. We were awakened once again at 6 am with voices in the hallway - really bad insulation-Thankfully, the party groups must have checked out because the remaining four days were quiet at my end of the hallway: Four nights of very comfortable beds and peace and quiet.We only needed staff service once when the lightbulb in out bathroom went out; Housekeeping came and replaced it almost immediately. The elevators themselves were very efficient. Our room was straightened and cleaned each day in a way that made it a pleasure to return to. Clearly, hotel management cares about their hotel.Overall, I would highly recommend the hotel if the insulation weren't so awful. Recommendation to hotel management- Ask guests if they are partying and put them all on the same floor!	
Apr 8 2009 	Excellent Family Getaway!	We decided to getaway and have a little mini vacation. We had a wonderful stay at Mandalay Bay. The rooms were huge and very comfortable. We had a great view of the pools. Speaking of the pool, it was great! There is the beach, and a lazy river as well as several smaller pools. Get there early is you want to get a lounge chair. The buffet was excellent on both occasions that we dined there. The staff was very friendly and always will to help when asked.We can't wait to come back to Vegas and stay at Mandalay Bay again!	
Apr 8 2009 	great mix of total relaxation and fun beach party all in one!	You must go to the spa here. You do not even need to get a spa service just pay the fee of $30 a day to use the sauna, steamroom, hot and cold baths etc&quot; You can stay here all day if you wanted to. It was so relaxing I never wanted to leave. They have everything you need to get ready (hair products lotions mouthwash) my sister and I spent 4 hours here on our departure day. I already miss this pampering spa! This is a must! I did a three day pass which is only $70 and used it twice a day!The beach is fun especially on saturday! It like a spring break party everyone dancing and hanging out enjoying the sun! a twenty- late thirties crowd!Mix lounge is alot of fun great views of the strip! Do bottle service to get the best views :-)	
Apr 8 2009 	Luxurious Property--especially for families	We stayed at the Mandalay Bay for 3 nights from 4/2-4/5 2009. We chose the Mandalay Bay because we were bringing our children (ages 10 and 13) to Vegas and needed hotel where they would also have activities. We were WOWed by our experience at the Mandalay. ROOMSWe had a standard deluxe room on the 27th floor. The room was much larger than a typical hotel room at 550 square feet. What I loved most was that we had two queen beds, when most hotels only give you two doubles. The room was spacious and large, with two chairs ( I love when there are 2 chairs if you want room service) at the desk and a sitting chair in the room. The furnishings were updated and new, with no “worn bedspreads” here. The room was immaculate and clean. They have a large flat panel TV and internet for a fee of $14.95 for a 24 hour period at a time. Being charged for internet in your room is pretty customary, so it didn’t bother us. Both of us brought our laptops and it allowed us both to have connectivity simultaneously. BATHROOMI have to admit that my favorite part of the room was the bathroom. With granite countertops and travertine stone the bathroom feels luxurious. The bathroom has double sinks, with tons of space on either side of the sinks. The counter was huge. There is a separate room for the toilet, a dedicated glass shower enclosure and a separate large soaking tub. The water pressure in the shower was terrific with tons of hot water. At one point we had someone in the shower and someone filling the tub, neither child ran out of water! A nice touch in the bathroom is the small flat screen TV so that you can listen to the news while getting ready. There is also a phone in the toilet area…in case you really need it.GROUNDSThe Mandalay Bay is a huge complex and has an incredible pool. From all my research it is hands down the “best pool” in Vegas We chose this hotel due to the pool area. There is a huge wave pool with the most attentive life guards I have ever seen. Children under 48 inches are not allowed in the wave pool without a parent. They even pulled my son out of the water to measure him on a stick they have. Although the wave pool doesn’t generate big enough waves to truly body surf or boogie board, it’s still fun to get tossed around in the waves. They also have a fun lazy river that does a gentle loop, 2 other “regular” pools and 3 hot tubs. You can rent tubes to float in the lazy river, but you CANNOT bring tubes or floating devices from home to use.It was spring break and so there were hoards of 20 something year olds. The 20 year olds all hang out in front of the huge wave pool. If you want a quieter surroundings, most of the older guests (older than 20) were on lounge chairs around the lazy river or around the other two smaller pools. We should have done this.You do need your room key to gain access to the Pool area, so don’t forget this. They also keep the pool towels in the pool area. They won’t let you bring them back to the room, so make sure you have a coverup or prepare for that. PARKINGValet parking is free or you can self park. We tried both. When you first check into the hotel, it is much easier to pull up, unload your bags, and have someone take your car for you. If you decide to self park initially upon check in it is a bit of a hassle. You will have to find self parking, unload, take an elevator to the main level, walk through the entire huge casino dragging your suitcases (this takes at least 3-5 mins to walk through the casino as it is huge) until you reach check in. Since Valet service is free, we just did Valet service to check in. When you call down to have your car brought out by valet, they have you meet them at a different location than the front lobby. To get to self parking you drive to the Mandalay Bay and instead driving to the front of ht hotel, you drive under the cross over bridge called the “Mandalay Place”. Basically it is a bridge in between Mandalay and the Luxor. You drive under this and look for signs that say “Valet West” and “Self Parking”. You will be turning left. Once you park you take an elevator to the lobby and then the elevators up to your room. There were always plenty of spaces in the “self park”. FOODWe had room service 3 times and ate at Areole in the hotel. Areole had wonderful food and they have a fixed price menu. For $55 you got to choose and appetizer, main and dessert, for $79 you received the same, but chose from a slightly larger menu. For about $100 you had a tasting menu of about ten items. None of these prices included wine, from which they have an impressive collection. The room service was great. You must remember that you are at a 4 star property so nothing is cheap. My son ordered the appetizer of chicken tenders and it came with exactly 4 pieces and nothing more…the cost $16. So just be prepared. This is the Mandalay Bay and this is Las Vegas. They do charge you a per person fee of $5 for each person ordering room service and tax. But it didn’t look like they included a customary 18% tip, so we always tipped our attendant additionally. For the property size, they were very attentive. Our room service was more than the time of 45 minutes and so at 40 minutes we received a call letting us know it would be slightly longer. It made us feel less There are also 2 food courts right across the walkway at the LUXOR and then right across their walkway to the Ecalibur. At the Excalibur they have a Mcdonalds, Pizza hut, Quiznos and Crispy Crème. The prices are higher than your neighborhood McDonalds by maybe 40%. But it’s a great option for families. LOCATIONFor some, they may find the southern most section of the strip less desirable, but it was actually perfect if you have children. Las Vegas isn’t really for kids. The only hotels that had anything remotely interesting to children were the Mandalay, Luxor, Excalibur (Has a children’s arcade), MGM and New York New York. All of these hotels are next to each other with an indoor walk through from the Mandalay to the Luxor and Luxor to Excalibur. Also, a free tram takes you from the Mandalay to the Luxor to the Excalibur. So we found it absolutely ideal and where we wanted to be.	
Apr 7 2009 	Great Grounds But Disappointing Service	The grounds and facilities are great per everyone else's reviews. Rooms have more personality than standard hotel rooms. However, we were underwhelmed with the level of service given this hotel is considered more upscale. Service is mass market. This is the second time we stayed here. We will probably not stay here again the next time we are in Vegas. There are better hotels with respect to price points and service on the strip.	
Apr 7 2009 	Best value for Money anywhere on the strip!	My wife and I have just returned from a 12 night stay at the Mandalay Bay, staying in one of the 600 SS suites. From the initial interenet booking direct with the hotel, through our late arrival (24hrs) due to Virgin Atlantic's ageing planes, up until the checkout, the hotel can only be praised.The room was extremely well presented, excellant fixtures and fittings with an overall sense of class and style. The Casino itself all though sometimes large and impersonal, is very clean and freindly. Having signed up for our MGM Players card, we managed to get free meals in the hotel and coffee's from Starbucks all for playing under $50 a day in slots.Whilst the location may seem a little distant at the south end of the strip, the new Town Square shopping complex is very close (walking distance) and the tram connecting the Luxor and Excalibur make moving around very easy.The pool scene is excellant and offers a nice break from the heavy nights on the casino floor. Reception and Maid service was superb and a credit to the hotel also.Having stayed in the MGM, Treasure Island and Luxor this hotel stands out and I would recommend the Manadaly to anyone.	
Apr 2 2009 	Very Nice Hotel with Less than Ideal Location	After many trips to LV over the years, I finally had the opportunity to stay at MB. I've always admired this hotel for its large casino, fine restaurants and amazing pools. Now I can also say that the rooms are quite nice, well above average for LV. I did find the level of service to be a bit disappointing (eg., scheduling admission to the spa turned out to be such an ordeal that I simply passed and went for long walk instead), but guest service is not great at many of the larger LV hotels. Additionally, the location of MB, well at the end of the Strip, is not good if you are interested in seeing other places in LV. So if sightseeing is high on your list, you may want to try other hotels in the mid-Strip area. But if you are happy to mainly hang around your hotel, hard to go wrong with MB.	
Apr 1 2009 	Beautiful hotel- only a few minor issues	This was our first time to Vegas (my husband and myself), and we chose the Mandalay Bay based on the price of a package we received through a travel agent. We also read previous reviews and knew it was a nice, newer hotel. We really enjoyed our stay here. We stayed March 8-13. We checked in early on a Sunday, and had no issues getting a room. We requested a King room, away from elevators on a higher floor, with a view of the strip. We got 3 of the 4 requested- only thing we couldn’t get was the king bed so we got two queen beds. If we waited a few hours we could have had a King but we wanted to get into the room. We were on the 18th floor with a beautiful view of the strip. The room was one of the nicest rooms we have ever stayed in. The big tub was a nice treat after all the walking, the double sinks were perfect for us. Bed was very comfortable, pillows could have been better. A few minuses about the room itself- the doors slammed loudly, so you could hear other people going in and out of their rooms. The toilet was very loud when flushed. The TV did not allow you to hook up a camera (we often do when we visit hotels to look at the pictures we have taken- it had hook ups but there was a block on the TV). The ‘minibar’ fridge- we didn’t realize that it was computerized, and if you take something out you are automatically billed. We got to the room and took an item out to replace it with a bottled water we already paid for. When my husband went to get it the next day, he read the small print inside the fridge, which explained how the billing worked. We called the front desk and they explained that someone comes to the room to check if anything is missing; if everything is there we won’t be billed. Luckily we weren’t billed, but we weren’t crazy about this. I hear this is common in most Vegas rooms. We made sure to use the ice bucket the rest of the trip. Also for some reason someone brought a baby to Vegas and it was crying every morning at 6am. The walls were thin enough for us to hear this in the morning.The hotel itself was beautiful. We went into every major hotel/casino in the strip, and we thought Mandalay was one of the nicest, up there with Bellagio, Wynn, Venetian and Encore. It is 10 years old but everything looked brand new to us. It is huge, the casino was nicely spaced, and you didn’t have to walk through the casino to get to your room like most hotels. Everyone was extremely nice, making sure to say hello as they walked by. We have never gotten this experience at a hotel before so we were very satisfied with the customer service. Only small issue we had with someone was the first time we went to get our valet car. We gave the man our keys and we thought he said up the escalator to the left. He talked very fast and under his breath. We went back upstairs and waited for 5 minutes until my husband asked someone, and they said we have to go back down where we came from. We went down there, and the doors leading outside only said ‘Baggage pickup” nothing about car pick up. This is why we were confused. When my husband went to the same man, he said “where have you been, we’ve been paging you forever.” My husband told him we were confused, and he said “I thought I was pretty clear.” That was the only bad encounter we had with someone working in the hotel. A few minuses for the hotel overall- there are no ‘cheap’ eating options inside the hotel. Vegas is extremely expensive, and the food is overpriced most places on the strip. The cheapest option in the hotel was Red, White and Blue, for two sandwiches, a soda and bottled water, it was $35, and it was horrible. We noticed in MGM they had a food court with cheaper options- it would have been nice to have this at Mandalay Bay. And once you are in your room for the night, you don’t feel like taking a long walk or a taxi to a cheaper alternative.The hotel is also the last major hotel on the strip, which is good when you want to get to the airport fast and if you want to be away from the crowds. This wasn’t an issue for us and we liked the privacy, but if you like to be in the middle of everything, this isn’t the best hotel for you. We walked the first night from Mandalay to Bellagio and back- this was a big mistake- lots of walking and it was very cold at night. We were exhausted. Plus the free tram from the hotel to Excalibur was shut down for repairs, so we had to walk the whole distance. And another mistake we made was taking the Deuce bus one night to Freemont Street. It took over an hour to get there after all the stops. We didn’t take the rental car because we heard the area over there wasn’t the best, but if you have a car we suggest driving, and there is a parking garage that brings you right out to Freemont Street. Don’t take the bus, it’s cheap but it will take a lot of your time.So overall the hotel was modern, people were friendly, and rooms were very nice. Needs more inexpensive eating options, better signage at valet, and could be an inconvenient location for certain travelers.If you want a great view of the strip, check out Mix lounge before it turns into a club at 10pm. We went in, had two drinks, an appetizer and dessert (over $50- I said it was expensive) but we had a nice seat with a beautiful view of the strip. This was a much nicer view than the Paris experience, which was $10 each but when you get to the top it is fenced in so if you want pictures this is not the place to go.Also another great place to eat in Mandalay was the Border Grill, the food was worth the price (and it was one of the cheaper eating options in the hotel). Stay away from the Bayside Buffet, very small and not worth the breakfast cost of $15 each. Bellagio Buffet breakfast was about the same cost but much more variety for your money. House of Blues was great for breakfast as well inside Mandalay, and Burger bar offered a Kobe beef burger that was excellent and didn’t cost and arm and a leg. This is located inside Mandalay place, a shopping mall connecting Mandalay and Luxor.Bring a lot of money if you are eating on the strip, it is expensive. Also be prepared to tip everyone from bell service, room service, housekeeping, valet parking, taxi stands, etc. Everyone expects a tip.Hope this review helps!	
Mar 30 2009 	Fantastic Property	We booked our room for 15 March arrived and were checked in fairly quickly. The room was well finished, clean with fine attention to detail. The pool is fantastic, but that has been well documented. The addition of the Mandalay Place shopping area is a nice change since the last time I stayed here. As the casino's are now linked internally you can go through the Man Bay, Luxor, Excalibur and NY NY in around 15mins. So don't let the fact that it is a little out of the action put you off staying here. Would stay here again.	
Mar 30 2009 	Fabulous Hotel	My husband and I just returned from Las Vegas and we had a great time. We stayed at the Mandalay Bay and I have to say it is one fabulous hotel. Our room was just the way it appeared on the virtual tour and it had a wall safe so that help set me at ease. The only problem was at night the air condition seem to cutt off so the room would get stuffy. Not sure if it was just our unit but it happened all three nights. This made it uncomfortable to sleep in the middle of the night. We are both accustom to using ceiling fans. Anyway, the hotel has a vast amount of resturants to choose from which are grossly overpriced but hey you on vacation. The first night we ate at RedWhiteBlue- it was okay for a $16 cheeseburger. The next nite we ate at the wolfgang puck's Lupo. I highly recommend this restaurant. This was only $70 for the both of us you can't beat that since our breakfast was $50 in the Raffles Cafe. The raffles Cafe is much better than the buffett breakfast that we payed $35to eat at the day before. The food is fresher at Raffles and it was a good atomosphere to start the day. Although be careful of the $5 orange juice. The Last night we ate at the RM Seafood and it was phenomenal. The service was excellent and the bartender Tony was a pleasure! I highly recommend this restuarant you have to go up to the Mandaly Palace shopping area to find it but it is a find worth walking for. There is also a cute little Minus 5 ice bar that was alot of fun we watched some of the NCAA tournament there. We didn't win any money so i suggest going down the strip to some of the older hotels if you want to cash in big. I think everyone is holding on to what they got in vegas these days. Anyway, great hotel- great food- watch the prices??and great shopping int eh Palace. I wished I had one more day never got to enjoy the pool area but maybe next time.	
Mar 29 2009 	Fab hotel great features!	I went to this hotel at the beginning of march for a week away with my partner. The hotel was only a short drive from the airport and my first impression of the hotel was WOW, apart from the size, the gold colour was very striking and like all hotels in Las Vegas, very extravagant.Our room was lovely, a lot more modern than I was expecting and a big bathroom which made a change. Also we had a great view of the strip,.The hotel itself was absolutely huge, there were many many restaurants, we weren't there long enough to enjoy them all but the ones we did go to were fantastic, and not too expensive.The pool area was our favourite feature of this hotel. The centre piece was a huge wave pool complete with sandy beach, a lazy river in the middle of lush tropical scenery and many other pools as well. No other hotel we visited had nearly as good pool areas as this, so definately a must for families with children!Couldn't really fault this hotel at all, if we return to las vegas we will be coming back to this hotel!	
Mar 28 2009 	outstanding - would return	My husband and I stayed here on March 22-26. We had a fantastic time. We got there early but they let us check in right then, and even upgraded us to a wonderful Sky View Suite which was amazing! A beautiful living area, with bar (with it's own TV), massive flat screen in the living area, separate bathroom, huge windows overlooking the Luxor pyramid with switch-operated curtains, minibar, fridge, double doors to a huge bedroom with another incredible view, switch-controlled curtains, flat screen, massive comfy bed, sitting area, and double doors to a huge marble bathroom with separate toilet, large shower, twin basins and a huge tub with jacuzzi, and flat screen TV you could watch from the tub. We loved it and enjoyed it every moment we were in there. Also the lift to these floors only stops at them so it means you hardly ever have to wait for a lift, and it won't stop on the way up or down. Plus you need a room key to operate the lift so it adds a bit of extra security.The hotel is right at the end of the South strip, which is a quieter area than mid-strip but much nicer than being at the end of the North. However the tram that goes between the hotel, the Luxor and the Excalibur was on the blink and sometimes completely out of order, which made it a long walk to get anywhere at all. But why would you want to leave? The pool area is incredible - sparklingly clean, with a 'beach' with real sand, a wave pool, and other pools and lazy river with a little waterfall you go underneath - it really is a fantastic place. It does get full though so get there before 11am if you have set your heart on a day by the pool. Sadly the music that spoils hotel pools in Vegas is also pumped out here - which is OK if you like the selection of tunes but if not is invasive (especially if you're trying to read or listen to your MP3 player). The 'hot' tub/jacuzzi in the pool area was hardly warmer than the other pools (which are heated a bit), making it too cold to sit in.The rest of the hotel is tasteful and quiet (for Vegas) - even the casino floor has walkways (if you follow the carpet) which helps you navigate your way through it a bit (it is certainly much more spacious than other casino floors). We only ate there once, we had a breakfast in the buffet on our final day, and it was really lovely with a massive selection. They begin lunch at 11 - we got in for breakfast at about 10.30 but lots of lunch dishes were already out, so one tip is if you fancy an early but leisurely lunch just get in there at the end of breakfast, you'll pay the breakfast price but get to eat lunch. We would certainly have eaten at the buffet again if we'd stayed longer. Overall - this was the best place we've stayed in Vegas (between us we've stayed at 5 other strip hotels) and we'd absolutely come back here again - definitely choose this if you want to spend time at a hotel and aren't just drinking. gambling and crashing. If you can stretch to the Sky View Suite you won't be disappointed either!	
Mar 28 2009 	Very comfortable rooms	We just returned from a 5 night stay at the Mandalay Bay. My husband and I stayed there for our honeymoon. Check-in was easy, but they didn't have the requests I made over the phone saved. It wasn't a big deal, but we had to have a room with two queen beds instead of one king. The room was very spacious. We really liked the modern decor. It was clean except for a couple of spots on the carpet. The bed was great - very soft and comfortable. We spent a lot of time there. The front desk was accomodating. We realized at 2:30 am that we didn't have any toothpaste and they brought up two tubes very quickly. Room service was a little slow. It took us a little over an hour to get breakfast. It's easier to just take the elevator down to the one of the restaurants. Raffles serves breakfast 24/7, so that's always a good option. The hotel is at the south end of the Vegas strip. There is a deuce bus stop right in front of the hotel, though getting to the street can be a little tricky. An easier way to get down the strip is to take the free tram from Mandalay to the Excalibur. From there, you can walk or you can go across the street to the MGM Grand and catch the monorail. Overall we had a great time at the hotel and would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 26 2009 	Below expectations	My husband and I got married at The Chapel at Mandalay Bay. We organised a block bookings for all our guests (approx. 40), which was essential for the new year period. The reservation team were good, I kept e-mailing to update prices when they lowered and they were really great. With our wedding package we got the &quot;honeymoon&quot; suite, which was nice and big, but the location of the room was awful. The view was of a flat roof facing the airport but I wouldn't have minded except when I went to draw the curtains it was actually a wall, so we only had a slither of a window. I complained to the wedding co-ordinator because I needed the light for the wedding make-up and we got upgraded to a bigger and better room with a view. The rooms were of a good size and they were nice and clean, however I do have a few complaints. Firstly housekeeping would come extremely early (from 7.30am) shouting through the corridors and knocking on doors, the walls were very thin, there is no coffee/tea facilities (they charged one of my guests who fell ill over $5 for a cup of hot water), you have to pay $25 to use the gym daily and finally the service was appalling. I know we went during their peak period, New Year, but the queues to check-in and out were ridiculous and not all the counters were staffed. Also I wanted to borrow scissors to cut some ribbon for wedding things and they would not loan me a pair...they said it was for safety reasons, but I could go to the gift shop to purchase them! So I went to the Four Seasons next door where we had our wedding reception and they gladly gave a pair to us. Before going to Vegas we were excited to stay in this hotel but overall we were very disappointed, especially since we told all our guests to stay there. I wouldn't stay in this hotel again, there are better hotels in Vegas which value customer service and do not rely just on the name.	
Mar 24 2009 	Excellent Resort	SERVICE: We had a great check-in. No long lines or rude staff.ROOM: The room was great and clean, we enjoyed the relaxing bathtub and the beautiful view from our floor-to-ceiling windows.LOCATION: The resort is awesome even though it is located at the end of the vegas strip. That was fine with us since we had stayed in the middle of the strip the same weekend at a different resort.FOOD: Food and room service was right on point. We especially enjoyed the 'China Grill' and their Creme Brulee.....my fav. Definitely what I would expect from this resort.	
Mar 23 2009 	If this is a 5 star resort Las Vegas must use their own rating system	The Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino is a 5 star resort which is reflected in the price. Was I disappointed?...absolutely. In general the carpets are dirty, light fixtures are broken or not working and the furniture in the room is beat up. The whirlpool tub in the room hasn't been cleaned in a while and there is bacteria visible in the jets. We booked a suite for 3 people and found out when we arrived that they would be charging us extra for a cot. When we booked a room for 3 people wouldn't it be logical to expect sleeping arrangements for everyone in the room? This hotel is at the end of the strip and not exceptionally busy. If you are looking for action or night life this is not for you. The pool and beach area are nice especially if you have kids.	
Mar 18 2009 	Nice hotel front desk staff not very accomodating	I stayed at this hotel back in Nov for a trip with my mum and our package came with an upgrade. On arrival I found the check in staff very aloof and unfriendly, just what you need after a 10hr flight! We were promised a non smoking room with 2 double beds but there weren't any available so we had to share a bed (that took me back to my childhood!) That was the only downside as everything else was great and contrary to other reviews I found the housekeeping staff brilliant and probably the friendliest of all the Mandalay staff. The rooms are so clean, our towels and sheets were replaced daily and our rooms were left immaculate. Fast forward to March 09. My husband and I stayed at the Mandalay this time also. Again, I felt really disappointed with the check in staff. Maybe it was bad luck, but once again I found the staff very rude. I booked an upgrade prior to the trip, and on arrival there wasn't anything available. To be honest apart from a few extra feet space, there isn't much difference betweebn a 550dr or 750dr room as you still get the same amenities and room service (apart from a spa tub). I requested bath robes on both trips and both times I didn't get them. Just a minor gripe, but these little things all add up. On arrival to our room,our room safe was locked and after 4 calls to the front desk and 2 hours of waiting, someone eventually arrived to unlock it only to find the previous guest's stash of drugs in there! The housekeeping staff were really happy and friendly towards us (maybe it's all of the leftover drugs!). Even if we had a lie in and didn't leave our room until quite late in the day, our room was still cleaned for our return. The spa was fantastic but like other reviewers, I think the cost should be included in the room charge and I also don't think that guests should be expected to pay $30 a day for the use. The House of Blues happy hour menu runs from 3pm - 6pm (i think) and the food is tasty and reasonably priced although the only alcohol available on the happy prices is beer. We had a great meal at the Border Grill (mexican) and The Burger Bar in Mandalay Place. The queue for the Shark Reef was sooo long and yes it was nice but too small a place to cram so many people into, so I wouldn't say that &quot; you really must visit it.&quot; The tram was out of action for the whole of my 2nd stay and I really missed it as it really helps out with all of that walking that you will need to do. We got around by using the deuce bus as I think the cabs are a rip off and the bus is a great way to see the strip. It costs $3 one way or $7 for a 24 hr ticket and they run every 10mins. Don't expect to get anywhere fast though as it can take an hour to get through the strip. The traffic, amount of stops and the numbers of passengers can make it a long journey. Get a seat upstairs at the front and you can take in the sites and help pass the time. You would never catch me going upstairs on a London bus as it's too intimidating, but these buses are great fun and the fellow passengers are all in high spirits. For shopping, I'd recommend getting off at Denny's at the end of the strip to catch the 108 deuce bus to Las Vegas Premier Outlets. On my first trip we spent $60 in cab fare there, but you live and learn! Also, the deuce bus to Fremont St is a great experience, but go of a night time to see the light show and the street entertainers. We had a fab meal at Lille's Chinese Restaurant in the Golden Nugget Hotel in Fremont and I would highly recommend it. We saw the shows KA at the MGM and Phantom at the Venetian, both fantastic, but I got better and cheaper tickets by booking my tickets in London. I used tix 4 tonite (next to the giant cola bottle on the strip) to buy my phantom tickets as they were advertising great offers, but you have to get there early in the morning to get the best tickets and expect to queue. Saying that, I did and I still paid alot to sit right at the back (where I was told I was sitting and where I sat were completely different areas of the theatre) as you are not told your seats no's until you collect your tickets from the hotel box office. The official sites are doing some great offers at the moment. We had two great meals at the Paris Hotel. The cafe in the Paris do a great breakfast and we had a lovely steak meal in Mon Ami Gabi, both highly recommended. One final word of warning if staying at the Mandalay Bay. DON'T use the phone in your room. The room tariffis are very misleading. The only info in the room on rates is that all direct calls are charged at standard rate. Therefore I made 5 calls to London totalling no more than 2 mins each and on checking out, I was presented with a bill for $256! I was really angry as I felt like I 'd been completely ripped off. I paid and then went back to my room to call reception and complain as I didn't want to cause a scene in the lobby and this time finally spoke to someone who was actually pleasant and approachable. She understood my gripe and put me on hold for a while. She came back to me and agreed to wave all charges and credited the bill back to my card which I wasn't expecting. I didn't actually end up paying anything at all, which is great but it still left a bad taste to think that they could try and do that to a guest. I've stayed here twice now and would stay next time at the Wynn, Bellagio or the Venetian as these seem to have great reviews, but if you have booked the Mandalay, you won't be disappointed, and Vegas is a fab place, you'll have so much fun!	
Mar 18 2009 	Absolutely amazing!	From arrival to departure, the place was almost a fairy-tale. The rooms were huge with all the amenities you could want - the bathrooms were fantastic, and the restaurants, especially the main buffet, were out of this world...I would definitely come here again, if only to sample the range of food here!Top stuff.	
Mar 17 2009 	Checked in - Checked Out!	We reserved the 2 bedroom suite. The biggest and most expensive suite they offer and what a frickin' joke. The room was dirty. The furniture was ugly. The tables had scratches and the couches had stains.The views were horrible!So we spent about 10 minutes in the room looking at everything. After a very brief discussion, everyone in our party all agreed to check out and go to the MGM Signature, which was sooooo much better.	
Mar 17 2009 	Great Weekend Get-Away	We took advantage of a room offer that we received from Mandalay Bay and spent a long weekend there. I do not know what the &quot;standard&quot; room rate at this hotel is - the offer made it an outstanding deal for us.Although our flight arrived mid-morning, we were able to check in to the hotel several hours ahead of the stated 3PM check in time. Checkout was also fast and easy - done on-line in the room. The staff was very friendly and helpful throughout our stay. Our room (28th floor) was comfortable and had a nice view looking south over the pool area. We enjoyed several meals at restaurants on site - there are a wide variety to choose from. The food was outstanding at all of them.The only &quot;complaint&quot; I had was that the tram running between Excalibur and Mandalay Bay was not running. This property is at the far South end of the Las Vegas Strip, so it's quite a hike to anywhere else. It looks like the repairs were in process, so I'm hoping it's working next time. You can walk indoors through Luxor to Excalibur, but the weather was so nice we decided to walk outside.I would certainly stay here again!	
Mar 16 2009 	Excellent Hotel and staff.	I stayed at Mandalay Bay for 3 nights after spending 5 nights at caesars Palace on a solo trip to Vegas.Mandalay Bay is at the far South end of the strip. It is a full 5 star hotel and casino. I had a standard 550 room and found it plenty big enough. The room had a large king bed, flat screen tv, nice linens and pillows and a large marble bathroom.The Mandalay Bay has a large selection of restaurants and bars. They have bands playing in the casino free of charge. The hotel is connected by a walkway and tram to the Luxor and they have a stop for the Deuce bus out the front.Overall I found the MB to be a very beautiful hotel. Very clean and friendly with wonderful staff.As a femal solo traveller I would thoroughly reccommend Mandalay Bay to family and friends and fellow travellers.	
Mar 12 2009 	Nice room but.....	To start off, at checkin we were told that we did not recieve the King Bed room we booked, but instead were given one with 2 Queens - pretty sure these were Full size though. Nice bathroom, and bed was comfortable - food in buffet was good, but expensive for what they had to offer. At checkout they tried to say we had eaten something from the minibar, but we hadnt (they promptly removed from our bill) - my husband said that he had noticed that it wasnt there when we checked in too, so i'm wondering if this is some sort of scam that they run to try and charge people extra money!!!The major issue we had was that we had called before arrival and some lady in their reservations department has added &quot;complimentary&quot; Cirque tickets to our room for us. But when we went to the box-office at Treasure Island to pick them up, they said they weren't part of our package, so we had to purchase them ourselves (money we didnt plan of spending mid-trip, since we were told they'd be complimentary).After returning home I called the hotel to try and correct the issue, and after being on hold SEVERAL times over the couse of 45 minutes, I was told that since whoever I spoke with hadn't made notes in the reservation, I was &quot;out of luck&quot;, and that we should have just &quot;walked away from the show, and not seen it - it wasnt their fault we payed for the tickets&quot;. What kind of customer service is this??!! The woman was VERY rude and had me on hold SEVERAL times and refused to credit me the cost of the tickets, even though THEY were the ones that told me they'd be complimentary (she kept trying to tell me that I'd need to take is up with Orbitz, although it had NOTHING to do with them - the tickets were NEVER part of our package with Orbitz, they were &quot;complimentary&quot; with the hotel directly).All in all we'll be staying somewhere else next time - had a GREAT time in Vegas, but Mandalay Bay isnt worth the money or the hassle (not friendly, and too far away from center of strip). Next time we'll find somewhere with good customer service and better location.	
Mar 12 2009 	Nice Smelling Hotel...a little far on the south strip	This was my second trip to Vegas, for a friend's wedding and everyone was staying at Mandalay Bay. So, my friend and I shared a room. When we first walked in, there is a pleasant tropical smell...like coconut and mango. We arrived before the 3pm check-in time, but the lady at the front desk was really nice and we were able to check in around 1pm at no extra charge and they held our bags while we walked a mile to the center of the strip. Our room was nice...the view was of the parking lot, but definitely not an issue. I ordered room service one night when I was ill and it was great! The best chicken noodle soup ever! The pool is great. It has real sand, but since we were there in June it was super crowded. Get there early and save seats for your friends! Also, it is QUITE a walk to any of the other hotels, although you can take the tram to NYNY and walk the rest of the way. If you want to go to the Bellagio, Caesars or Venetian...take a cab!	
Mar 11 2009 	An amazing experience!	Absolutely stunning hotel! Very beautiful and luxurious rooms. Cannot find a fault with this hotel. Even though its just on the end of the main strip I still thought it was one of the top 3 hotels in Vegas!! Also smells amazing - like coconut!! Most hotels smell like chlorine from all the water features etc...I stayed here with three girlfriends for a partying weekend in Vegas. We got one room with two queens so it was cost effective but still very comfortable because the rooms are quite generous. We didn't get to use the pool/beach area because it was winter - but it looked absolutely amazing. I would love to stay here again on my next trip to Vegas!	
