	Very pleasantly surprised!	My wife and I traveled here for a Thanksgiving weekend get-away. We chose Whiskey Pete’s because it was a pet-friendly hotel and we brought along our Boston Terrier with us. We were a little concerned about how the room and service would be after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor, but we figured “what the heck –let’s give them a try anyway.”When we arrived, there were about five couples in front of us checking in as well. There was only one hotel clerk working, so that process took a little longer than it should have for the start of a long holiday weekend, but after about 15-20 minutes we made it to the hotel desk. The young woman working there was extremely friendly and efficient, and she got us checked in with no problems or delays. She explained that she had to put us in a room set-aside for people with pets which of course we expected, and we thought for sure that meant an old, dirty, stinky room.But when we got to the room, we discovered that our fears were unwarranted. The room was very large, very clean (carpet, bathroom etc), had a great view of the outside pool, and best of all, smelled like it had just been completely deodorized. Certainly not the Ritz – but a great room – especially for the very low price we paid.The casino staff was also very friendly and helpful. They gave my wife and I T-shirts when we picked up our players card and also comped us tickets to their Country Superstars Tribute show which was a nice little gesture and really started our weekend off well.We highly recommend trying this place the next time you’re looking for an inexpensive get-away.	
Oct 31 2009 	Always a pleasure to come back	I have been staying at this hotel for years. I don't always as it is about 35 miles outside of Vegas, but for those trips that include going to California I make it a point to stop by. Whiskey Petes (now owned by Terrible's) has all the basic comforts of a Vegas hotel/casino. The hotel rooms are Holiday Inn style quality, buffet and 24 hr cafe resturant have good food, and although a little small the casino floor is always busy. One of the nicer features is the outdoor pool/spa being open 24x7.	
Oct 15 2009	Awesome	This place is the best place to stay if you're on a budget. Don't underestimate the price because this place is the BEST. You will not regret it. PROMISE!!!!	
Oct 8 2009 	For inexpensive lodging you can't beat the deal!	The casino floor is generally kept clean. The personnel that we encountered were always friendly and did their best to satisfy. I have yet to see the place very busy...and for the price of a night, it's hard to beat.I do have to say the Mega Cafe was not the place to eat. There was one gentleman working the register and seating guests. He certainly wasn't the most friendly employee we came in contact with, and didn't work any more than he possibly had to. There were two waiters, running from table to table to keep customers happy. They were both courteous and aplogetic for the delays in getting food. Apparently they were severly short staffed in the cooking area. The wait time for food was unacceptable. There were dirty tables around us that the over-worked waiters didn't have time to clear...it would've been a perfect project for the lazy host. I admit, it was late in the evening (10'ish or so), but we're in Vegas...the city that never sleeps. The food wasn't bad - once we got it. I'd say this was the biggest complaint for the stay.The rooms are well cleaned and spacious. They are stocked with instant coffee, shampoo, conditioner and soaps. The rooms are decorated nicely...and the bathrooms have granite countertops.	
Oct 8 2009 	OK But Needs A Lot Of Updating Very Outdated !	This is my third time visiting Primm Valley Resorts with my family. The first two times we stayed at Buffalo Bills, first time in 2003 second in July 2009. In 2003 this was a nice property but not any longer. We stayed at Whiskey Pete's this time in September 2009. But on our first two visits we visited all three resorts in Primm. All three times extremely long wait for check-in and out. The property has had a severe decline since 2003. Most everything is outdated and needs some serious upgrading. Carpets are worn, wallpaper peeling, bathrooms need repair. Over half of the restaurants were closed, etc. etc.. If you are looking for an expensive out the way place to stay from Vegas this is it. But don't expect the quality that you would find on the strip. It's ok for the price but if you want nice amenities and a nice room go elsewhere. It is fun for the kids though.	
Aug 26 2009 	Don't expect much.	Stayed one night on way to Vegas. Check-in was slow even though the line wasn't long. Although dated, room wasn't bad at all. Casino was nothing special. Stopped by McDonalds late at night - had to be the dirtiest Mickey D's on the planet. One bright spot was the pool. Good size in a nice area. Slide was impressive but unfortunately closed.Cheap place, but if you want cheap and something nicer go across to Buffalo Bill's. Better casino, food and stuff for teenagers.	
Aug 10 2009 	Now we know why the rooms were free	Received free rooms as part of a concert promotion. Whiskey Pete's is definitely the step-child of the three hotels at state line. Arrived Saturday morning early so we could get our concert tickets. Whiskey Pete's does not have bell service and does not store luggage so you need to chance leaving it in your vehicle until check in. No luggage carts or assistance so be prepared to haul what you bring. Valet is closed down. Only 2 towels in room so you need to call for more. Cleanliness was mediocre mainly because the rooms are old so there are splatters on the walls, stains on bedding, etc. Housekeeping was ok but they need to maintain these rooms a bit better. Ice maker on our floor was broken so we started searching other floors. After finding 3 that were broken we called the front desk for assistance. They transferred us to 3 different departments who kept trying to transfer us back to the previous people. No help there! Maybe they don't have the ability to keep things cold at this location because if you order a beer when you are gambling, it will come to you warm. Try to stay at Buffalo Bills or Primm if you can.	
Jul 6 2009 	Outdated	Stayed here one night on the way to vegas. Everything in this hotel is outdated, from rooms to elevators. Drain in bathroom sink was slow, even when just brushing teeth. Next person to use bathroom had to wait a few minutes for the water to go down. Rooms are dark and lack lighting, perhaps to conceal the filthy carpet. Perhaps only good thing was the sheets were clean but had smell of stale smoke. Service at check-in lacked courtesy- not even &quot;Hello May I Help You&quot;. I had read about roaches in the rooms, fortunately didn't see any, but you can see plenty water bugs around the pool area (big ones). Slept with one eye open. Oh yes, one more thing- took the shuttle across to other casinos, a man on the shuttle had 2 cockroaches crawling on his shirt, his daughter took her shoe off and was trying to stomp them while everyone whatched. I wonder where those came from. I usually try to make the best of everything, so just laughed it off ,and swore never to return here.	
Jul 5 2009 	Don't even stop...drive on by	The food was awful, the place is disgusting. Don't eat there, don't sleep there, this place should be closed down.	
Jun 26 2009 	Room and service equal to a NYC flophouse !!!	Cheap price withstanding, This place had went all the way downhill. They should just close the doors, and depend on the other two hotels for revenue. Dirty rooms, minimum food service, no valet or bell service, are the beginning, topped with carpeting that sholuld have been replaced years ago. WOW....They should give it up	
Jun 25 2009 	Cockroaches!	Stayed at Whiskey Petes on the way to San Diego, Ca. Our room was on the 1st floor.. Grossest stay EVER! we had a room full of roaches, crickets and other insects! We checked in late so the maid had just finished cleaning our room! I called to front desk and they apologized and said dang bugs! we can't keep them out??	
May 26 2009 	Jost week end nigh	Hotel is located in Primm about 45 minutes from vegas on I15 to LA rates are very good hotel is nothing fancy very simple but casino is fun and across the highway there is a nice Factory Outlets Mall and other casinos with entertainments for families as well - if you consider the low rates and you don't expect more than what they give you is OK for a couple of nights...for food ..suggest to drive to Vegas or food hall in the Outlet Mall - in the casino there was a good group playing good music probably during week ends only	
May 15 2009 	New owners.....New rules I guess!!	I have been to Whiskey Pete's many times over the years. Every time I've been there, I haven't had any real issues. But the one thing I have noticed is that ever since Terrible's Resort has taken over the Primm properties, everything has gone down hill. I'm guessing it's because Terrible's is bankrupt and the bank has stepped in and taken over control of ALL their properties (this is what was told to me by several hotel/casino employees throughout all 3 properties). Ever since this has happened, their quality of services has been dramatictly reduced. They don't operate table games any more except on Friday, Saturday and Sunday. The buffet and the steak house have been &quot;Closed until further notice&quot;. The cafe was closed for 3 weeks until an outside company came in (Mega Cafe) and rented out the space and I can honestly say that this should have happened a long time ago! The cafe's food actually tastes good now, their prices are quite reasonable and their staff is amazing! Be warned however, that since they are an outside vendor, they can't accept vouchers or coupons from the Players Club or the Casino. On top of all of this, they raised their room rates! I used to to able to go and stay at Whiskey Pete's for $21.99 p/night during the week. When I went this last week, I was charged $34.99 p/night. Mind you there wasn't any special event or convention in town or nearby that I could find to warrant this increase. Hopefully when the economy turns around, and either Terrible's or if bought out by a new owner, they will remodel these properties and bring back the service I know they're capable of.	
Apr 21 2009 	Motel 6 at Golden Nugget prices	I first picked Whiskey Petes due to it's close proximity to an off-road race being held in Primm, Nv. I should have driven the 40 minutes and stayed in vegas.First at check in it took 70 minutes, there was a line that was probably 30 people deep when I got there at 1:00 pm, and they had only two clerks working check-in.2nd, once I did get to check in I was informed all of their restaraunts were closed and I would have to use a resturaunt at one of there other hotels in the same area, (all 3 hotels were sold out and we all were expected to use the same resturaunts). Lastly, when I got ready to use the shower I realized there was no shower head, arrggh... I called for maintenance and they got it repaired in 30 minutes. I do travel a bit on work and pleasure I I can honestly say this was the worst experiance I have had in years.	
Mar 23 2009 	Worst. Service. Ever.	I can not even begin to explain to you the nightmare that is &quot;Whiskey Pete's.&quot; Sincerely, as a guest and consumer, I can say I have never been treated as poorly by a service provider as I was by the staff at this hole of a hotel. Jim Daniels (he's the one at the front desk who looks like a Cabbage Patch Doll) was the rudest person on the planet -- to both me, my wife, her friend and all other guests with whom I saw him interact. He should be fired. His supervisor, Seth, was not much better. We made a reservation at Whiskey Pete's as a stop-over on a trip to Los Angeles. We arrived at the hotel at 2 a.m. and were forced to wait nearly 3 hours (we ended up checking in at 5). This was especially disheartening because we had to leave at 7 a.m. to make our way to L.A. All this waiting despite the fact that we had a reservation and NOT ONE PERSON ahead of us did (believe me, we conducted an informal poll). The staff at the front desk then falsified information and claimed that everyone else had reservations (we told them we knew it was a lie as we'd spoken with the rest but they simply mumbled and continued to refuse even to offer an apology for the problems). I even tried to break the ice when I got to the front desk after that wait with a friendly joke, but Jim Daniels instead said he was &quot;sick of stupid guests.&quot; He hung up on three people who called by slamming the phone down. When a woman poked her head in during our attempt to get our room and told the supervisor, Seth, that her 84-year-old mother was nearly out of oxygen and needed to butt in line to get into a room and restore her oxygen, Seth debated for a while whether to let her jump ahead in line and eventually conceded that &quot;given the circumstances I guess I can't really say no.&quot; The reason for the long delays: All those in front of us (and behind) were asked to walk over to Whiskey Pete's from a completely booked Buffalo Bills. Whiskey Pete's adjusted (inflated) their rates in anticipation of this rush of newcomers and then attempted to charge us (although we had a reservation in advance) that new rate. So our room, booked at $49 for one night, ended up being charged at a rate of $250. They attempted to charge us $125 per night, and although we checked out not 2 hours after checking in, yes, the incompetent staff charged us for TWO nights (I guess an hour constitutes a night in their minds). It took weeks to get this enormous error adjusted, and everyone along every step of the way was rude beyond belief. We never got so much as an apology for the wait or the drastic overcharge, but thank goodness after weeks of pestering and leaving messages on machines, we did get the charge dropped from $250 to $49. The room should have been comped to begin with. They should have paid us after the nightmare we endured.	
Nov 16 2008 	Loved the hot tub	For the past 6 years thereabout I, with our group of Land Sailors stayed at Whiskey Pete's as it is accessible to Ivanpah Dry Lake where we sail. This year we were given a room facing the mountains. Housekeeping ser vice is greatly decreased as Housekeeping is only providing for ONE...They will gladly provide you at request (if available) The food menu prices are greatly increased with less help. Whiskey Pete's does not advertise &quot;Prime Rib for $6.95&quot; anymore. Also, the buffet may be open ONLY on weekends, Also, a huge hot dog and beer special is only $1.00. Thus, we dined at Silver Spur where the food is pricey (about $20+) with excellent service and food+. Oatmeal with raisins are reasonably priced. Also, T-Bone steak special...BUT YOU ASK AS IT IS NOT ON THE MENU!Buffalo Bill's buffet is good, reasonable and located close to the Outlet Mall. Also, there's a good variety of food at the Mall. Next Spring I'll take additional: coffee, shampoo etc., Price-wise it's affordable, convenient and clean with covered parking. Also, a short drive from downtown LAS (40 miles about). This, is the most economical place around!. It's dog/pet friendly!	
Nov 11 2008 	Easy on the Whiskey	Late night, last minute trip to Vegas and stopped over to get some zzzz's. It's very smokey and dated, but does the job for those tired eyes. I opened the door to our room and noticed belongings and a pair of boots at the edge of the bed! I quickly walked right out and headed back downstairs. I was just glad NOT to see any naked bodies!There was a minor filing system error and we were assigned another room.The second room was decent, pink, 80's, clean, and serves it's purpose. Basically, you can't be picky for the price you pay.	
Oct 24 2008 	absolutely awesome	we stayed there on a whim. decided on a Monday morning to go to Vegas. checked on hotels.com got a room for 22 dollars a night. we were in a tower room, 15th floor. the room was immaculate, the a/c worked perfect (in fact it was freezing) the parking is plentiful and the service excellent where ever we were. i must say when i saw negative reviews i was worried, but it was a GREAT stay. most Definitely we'll go back on our next trip to Vegas.	
Oct 9 2008 	Disgusting!! Unless you happen to enjoy stomping cockroaches	Blech. I was in the old wing of the hotel because I had my dog with me. I feared he'd urinate on the rug because it had so many other &quot;scents&quot; marking it. The room smelled like stale smoke, and of course, the windows didn't open. In the morming I found four--yes FOUR--cockroaches scampering around in the bathroom floor. My traveling companion had a room in the newer tower which had no cockroaches and nicer carpet, but she did find a beetle in her hair upon waking up in the morning. I'm surprised the place doesn't get condemmed.	
Oct 1 2008 	Good value hotel	Modest hotel with casino an the way from LA to Vegas. Rooms are ok. Many truck drivers stop there. All the area is safe and friendly. Nice fashion outlet, pools, slides, rides and attractions and few restaurants. I reccomend the steakhouse!	
Sep 30 2008 	Much Better Than I'd Anticipated...	Reading previous reviews before we went to this hotel 9/24/-27/2008 had given me anxiety about what we'd find due to all the negative reviews. My husband had to attend a 3 day conference/seminar for work, and work had booked and paid for the room and I wanted to check it out before we got there. After having been there, and NOT having a negative experience, I have to write my postive review:While I did see 3 dead big bugs in the hallway leading to the check-in desk from the parking garage, they were the ONLY bugs I saw inside this facility (and they looked like crickets -- a sign of good luck, IF they were alive :)). No bugs of any kind were seen or heard in our room. The front desk staff on duty at 4pm on Wed 9/24 were cheerful and friendly. There were at least 6 of them behind the counter, with 4 windows open helping people, and there were another 4 people ahead of us when we got in line. We presented the confirmation number when we got to a window, and in less than 10 mins. we were standing in the elevator to our 3rd floor room overlooking the pool.The room itself was not bad. It was a smokeless room -- no stale odors. My &quot;room judgement&quot; also includes how the bedspreads look: these looked very new. They were not &quot;limp&quot; and worn-out and had no broken quilting threads -- ( but still I folded them up and didn't sit on them or sleep under them... ya never know who's sat on 'em bare-bunned! :) )I left the room each day by 11:30a and returned by 3pm , and found our room had been attended to. The bathroom was kept well-stocked with fresh towels/wash clothes everyday. The walls were either sound-proof, or we had very quiet neighbors; I heard no voices from either room, no tv noise... just the usual shower running noise from shared pipes in the walls. And our air conditioner -- while an older style-- worked well. It's thermostat turned it off and on as set....There's 1 negative thing about the room we were in-- 3015-- but it can happen at home too: the toilet needed a new flapper, as it would allow a slow leak of the tank's fresh water so there's wasn't a good &quot;whooosh&quot; when you flushed it. It sometimes took 3-4 flushes for just toilet paper, and to me that's a big waste of water (and how ironic that the seminars my husband was attending was for the waste-water treatment business!) And it frequently made a 'little flush' of it's own and then refilled... A negative: Co-workers had been told there was wi-fi access. And there is, for a FEE. I had taken my laptop to do some normal surfing for entertainment and keep up with email, but at $6.95 for 1 hr. of access thru cheetah.com, I decided it wasn't worth it (there were &quot;bargain prices&quot; for more time online... still not worth it for me...)I would stay here again. And if you have a dog, of the 3 hotels at Stateline, only Whiskey Pete's is dog friendly, even though I didn't see anyone with dogs. The other 2 hotels advertise Pete's dog friendliness on big displays in their casinos. Having 2 dogs myself, and had I know about their dog policy, they could have kept me company there (posted policy states: dogs under 50 pounds; must be in crate while you're not in the room; no excessive barking while in the room; you're responsible for all clean-ups, inside and outside the hotel; no Pit-bulls or P/Bull mixes -- P/Bulls get a bad rap, IMHO -- my previous dog was Pit... she was a sweetheart...) That's my review... hope it helps you decide whether to stay here or not.	
Sep 27 2008 	Free deals aren't free	We live in Las Vegas and since Terrible's has taken over Primm Resorts we get a lot of offers to go out to Primm. This offer was 2 free nights and 2 tickets to a concert. Well after standing in line for over an hour, it was finally our turn, and we were told that even though the room was free we would need to give them a credit card for $50.00 deposit in case of damage. We were assured that it was only $50.00 that they would not double it up like gas stations etc. We were mad because no where in the offer did it say that we would need to pay $50.00. Then the attendant said that them money would not go through if the room was ok when we left. So we went to our room and there were signs of roaches, and there was a man in the hallway saying he had a bunch of live bugs in his room and wasn't going in. When we got home we found that they had charged our card for $126.00. After a weeks worth of calling we have had no return calls from there, and only get the run around when we call. FREE OFFERS at Primm are a joke!	
Aug 26 2008	Look wait at front desk to check-in	This was our first time staying after the change in ownersand we were very disappointed in the front desk staff.We waitied over one hour and half to check-in and thefront staff was not friendly. Only a few staff members wereworking to check-in guests and they were very slow andconstantly had to ask the lead staff member questions,which lead to our long wait time. We will not be back.	
Aug 10 2008 	Good hotel if your on a budget! It's OK!	My husband and I just got back from stateline and this was our first time staying at the Primm hotels, we always tend to stay on the strip. Overall the experience was very good for a decent &quot;on a budget&quot; trip. Hotel was clean, service not great but ok. Food and drinks AWESOME!! ($1.75 beers and cocktails and $1 hot dogs!), they had entertainment (good nightly band) and slots were ok, TERRIBLE'S CASINO across the street has better slots and good outlets (Neiman Marcus, Coach, etc) all in walking distance. Our hotel price for Fri and Sat was $81 TOTAL!!! You cannot get a better deal.On Sat we went to the strip to see &quot;O&quot; at the Bellagio and even though that is a nice, trendy, new hotel...the people there were VERY stuck up, prices were ridiculous ($7 beers!!) they had huge lines for the food places and everything was just toooo snobby! Needless to say my husband and I will most likely stay at a Primm hotel next time! I recommend it!	
Jul 21 2008 	Not what we usually expect	We got into Primm around 10:30 to 11:00 PM, we finally got into our room at around 11:30 PM. We come to find the the entertainment center had been pushed out and the TV was unplugged. We called maintenance and asked if the TV problem could possibly be fixed tonight, it was around 12:30 AM when maintance finally came. It took him a while to understand the problem, but was very polite, and got our TV working within a few minutes. The next night we came back to our hotel room their was a cricket in our hotel room. We heard this cricket the whole night, and could not find the bug anywhere. It was a rough night. The next evening some relatives drove up to Primm to join us for the rest of our stay. My sister, while checking in had her husband and their kids waiting in a waiting area away from the machines. Now, her 11 year old daughter is a big girl, she knows it, and she is trying to lose weight. A worker from the casino went up to her and her father, and said &quot;Wow, she is a big girl! She likes eating alot of chicken!&quot; and he proceeded to make rude comments and gestures towards the both of them. We have no idea what the name of this worker was, but this was a terrible thing to say to a little girl with weight problems. Her self esteem was obviously low the rest of this stay. Also, while taking my daughter to the gift shop to look for some dice, we encountered some rude employees who were very unhelpful. We usually love staying at Whisky Pete's but during this trip we felt very unwelcome. The accomodations are usually warm, and welcoming and we were very disappointed this time.	
Jul 18 2008 	Stay far away!!!	We booked our stay through i4vegas and got our confirmation letter and everything. We arrived in Primm around 9 PM, which was 10 PM for us and I had 3 very tired kids in the car ready for bed. My husband stayed in the car with them while I ran inside to check us in. What do you know- they didn't have our reservation! I gave them a copy of my confirmation letter and they still couldn't do anything. Every room in Primm was booked and they didn't have one room open- even at their other hotels (they're all owned by the same people). They kept trying to make phone calls to the 'housekeeping' and trying to figure out if they could get a room. They finally said if I can wait 45 minutes they'd have a room ready for us. I was not happy, but we didn't really have a choice, so we sat there and waited for and hour and a half before they bothered to tell us that it didn't work out. I had been asking for a manager to talk to all along but they kept saying their wasn't one available. After I gave them a piece of my mind and told them I wanted to talk to somebody else, they finally had the manager called down from her other office and after waiting 20 minutes for her to show up I was even more angered at the way she treated us. She was very unprofessional and seemed less knowledgeable than the other workers. I told her what was going on and told her I'd been there for almost 2 hours and that I could've driven well into California by now, and that I had had it and just wanted our money back (a refund to our card) so we could be on our way. Well, she tells me that since we booked it online there was nothing they could do and that I would have to get a refund from the website. So I got charged for a room we didn't get and they wasted 2 hours of my time and showed no concern to us over what was going on. It seriously ruined our day and I was crying by the time I left because of how rude and pathetic the whole situation was! I would stay far away from Primm. Either drive onto Vegas or onto California! I know the rooms are good prices, but no money is worth what they put us through and after wasting 2 hours of our time and giving us an empty promise, and not giving us a room there, they should've been paying us to stand there that late at night with 3 crying kids.	
Jun 22 2008 	Cucarachas!	Where do I start???First of all, I never received an email confirmation. When I called to ask a few questions about how late I could check in and to confirm my reservation, the hotel rep didn't understand my question which was &quot;i want to confirm my reservation, how late can i check in.&quot; tough right? So, upon arrival, we waited in line 15 minutes with two people ahead of us. Again, we had another hotel rep that didn't speak english very well and wasn't what I would consider friendly or helpful. Checked in, we head to our room on the 8th floor, the very last room in the suffocatingly hot hallway. Ok so the room is a bit old, out of date. Whatever, we were expecting that. I wanted to get some ice so I headed back down the hallway to get it. Only to find out that the ice machine had not only measured out the perfect amount of ice to fill the assigned bucket but you also needed your room key to get it. Since I had just wanted to run down there quickly, my key was in the room, No ice for me. It was about 9pm so we headed down to the buffet. The buffet had about three choices to eat. We were hungry so we ate. Within minutes we were feeling nauseated and not so good. The feeling subsided and we were able to play for a couple hours in the casino. When we finally got back into the room we were greeted by our little friend...a big, black, shiny cockroach! On our pillows, inches from our heads. I called the front desk immediately and was told to come down and our room would be switched. Another lengthy walk down the hallways from hell. And another line at the front desk. This time we got another person would was yet again unhelpful and rude. I had reserved a non-smoking king minus the cockroach. Evidently we had the last of these room so we were having two queens pawned off on us. I was at this point irritated so we asked for a manager, Adrian. She gladly fixed our problem and gave us a king nonsmoking handicapped room on the 18th floor and the second down the hall. This room was roach-free! Luckily that was the end of our scary evening at Whiskey Petes. We were given a check out of 1pm that was appreciated but honestly, I wanted to get out fast. If you need someplace quick and cheap to stay, stay here but bring the raid and some pepto.	
Jun 2 2008 	Good deal for budget travelers	Since we like to spend our extra cash on shopping/eating instead, we cut back on the extravagence of our room stay. We usually stay at this hotel when traveling to Vegas because the rates are cheap (usually around$40-50 on a weekend day) compared to the pricier rates ($100+ a weekend day) on the Vegas Strip. The rooms are basic, clean, and safe. I would recommend to check in the room no later than 5 pm. Last time we had reserved a non smoking room, and by the time we checked in at 9 pm, they were all taken and they gave us a smoking one instead. The only catch is that you would have to drive 30 minutes to go to the Vegas Strip. We would drive to the vegas strip in the morning, park our cars at one of the larger casinos, spend the whole day there, and when we're tired, drive back to the hotel at night time. Save the extra $100 on shopping at the outlets the next day.	
May 29 2008 	Great but they lied about the price	Arrived at the hotel in Primm, Nevada on my way to Utah during memorial day weekend. Naturally that raised the price a bit. I was told at the desk that my price would not be higher than $38. When I got back my credit card statement said $56. Even so, it was still a good deal. Had everything you need in the bathroom, even a blow dryer. The room was very clean, and more spacious than both the luxor and excalibur rooms in Vegas. I had a hot tub suite at the Luxor, too--and this room was bigger!! Great deal! Just angry about the lie in the price---but I would still go back. When we arrived a rediculous band was playing in the main lobby. Guests who were watching seemed to be very drunk. Seems like they keep everyone entertained well. No other problems but the price mistake.Also, the area wasn't infested with tootheless heroin addicts and drug dealers which was a nice difference from THE PLAZA HOTEL AND CASINO IN uptown vegas--which was also decent inside and clean, but not worth the stress of walking by the bus stop outside. I was chased every 2 seconds by bums asking if I'd like to sell them a gun for crack. Not kidding. Women and men alike were being harrassed constantly. So if you're looking for cheap, I'd go with this place instead, and just deal with the half hour drive to vegas.	
Apr 22 2008 	Inexpensive and Safe	I've stayed at Whiskey Petes several times over the past few years. The rates I've gotten through Travelworm have always been fantastic. Terribles recently bought the Primm properties, and I think they've brought some improvements. The most noticable is the service in the coffee shop. Under previous ownership, the wait staff was a bunch of listless Eastern European girls. The service has definately improved, and the portions were generous and inexpensive.The rooms at Whiskey Petes are not bad. Yes, they're using the old ugly bedspreads, some of the wallpaper borders are coming off, and I wouldn't walk on the floor without socks, but the a/c works great, good water pressure in the shower, the mattress is comfortable, the bedding is clean, and the amenities (shampoo &amp; conditioner) are not bad. Given the amount I pay to stay here, I don't expect perfection. I'm not much of a gambler, but the casino is your typical slot &amp; smoke filled enviroment. There are table games, but I've only been here during the week and they are usually not operating many of them.	
Apr 1 2008 	good place to stay a nite	I stayed at Whiskey Petes for 1 nite 3-22-08it was good, room big comfy, bed clean, bathroom clean, nice view of the I15 ....I was only there for 1 nite , arrived about 830pm... check in a breeze, nice warming staff...The casino was busy, heard alot of machienes going off, I culdnt wait to go and try my luck.went to the players club to get my card, they were friendly there.Tried my luck out in the slot tournament.... no go:(Anyways won alittle here and there, drink service was slow, hoped onto the shulttle for buffalo bills. I like to gamble here better.... i situated myself ont he niclke slots and found a waitress who was very nice , tipped her well to keep my drinks coming ... she did... was up about 45.00 decided to call it a nite ... about 3am hopped back onto the shuttle to whiskley petes, had no problem waitng for the the elevator up to my room to sleep.check out was fast, had a free slot play coupon from my terribles funbook..... used it!Ready to go..... i will come back again	
Mar 17 2008 	Decent Place To Stay	Without having high expectations, Whiskey Pete's is a decent place to stay based on the price. The rooms were out dated but clean, the personel friendly and the atmosphere was great for a smaller size hotel. I would stay again if needed keeping in mind the old saying, &quot;You get what you pay for.&quot;	
Mar 4 2008 	Best budget hotel I have stayed in	I have stayed in Whiskey Petes 4 times over the past 5 years while on vacation. I love it because:-1) it is very reasonably priced2) has clean decent sized rooms3) has good casino and facilities4) good access to fashion outlet mall5) good entertainment close by (star of the desert arena)If your expectations are not too high, you will love this place.I always make sure that I include at least one night at Whiskey Petes when I travel from L.A. to Las Vegas. Las Vegas is only a 25 minute drive away on I-15 so you can save a packet instead of staying on the Strip. There is even a regular shuttle from Primm to the Strip as well.	
Feb 25 2008	This hotel was awful!	My family and I stayed here for one night, Friday, February 15th, on our way home from Disneyland. We thought it would break up the drive home to Las Vegas and be a nice way to extend our vacation for another night. Boy, were we wrong!We checked in around 4pm. The woman was very friendly and gave us the kind of room we requested. We went up to the room and it was, in the words of my six year old, yucky. There was green strings of what looked like old chewing gum smeared all over the walls in the bathroom. There were several tiles cracked and broken on the bathroom floor, so much so that I had to have a &quot;safety lesson&quot; with my children so they wouldn't cut their feet. There was, and I am NOT exaggerating, 1/2 to 1 inch thick of dust on the floor spilling out from behind the TV armoire, around the heater/AC, and around the edges of the bed. The small table in the room was sticky. The towel shelf in the bathroom was ripped out of the wall on one side so that the housekeeping staff had balanced all the towels on the other side that was still attached to the wall. We called and asked the housekeeping staff for 2 blankets and 4 more pillows. They said, &quot;Fine, no problem.&quot; About ten minutes later a man came up and handed me three sheets and three pillows and yelled, &quot;No more blankets!&quot; I said, &quot;OK, but can we have the fourth pillow?&quot; and he yelled, &quot;No more blankets!&quot; again and turned around and left.We went downstairs to have dinner in the buffet and that was just as bad. No one was friendly at all. There were six of us and it cost about 50 bucks. When the hostess went to seat us, she asked us how many of us there were. Then she brought us to a section that was nearly empty and said, &quot;Well, I have a table that seats five and a table that seats six. Which do you want?&quot; I thought she was kidding at first but she just stood there and waited for me to answer! I said, &quot;Well, since there's six of us, I think I'd like the table that seats six.&quot; Then she sat us at a table that seated four and then a table near it that seated two!!! She didn't even push them together or anything! The waitress then came by immediately and asked what we wanted to drink. My youngest, who's five, said a Sprite. The waitress turned around and left before the rest of us could answer her! She brought back a Sprite and ran off again before we could order. It was 20 minutes before we even got to order our drinks! (Except for the youngest one) Also, our table for two was so wobbly that my husband's and my drinks spilled three times (and were never refilled). The food was so bad that not a single one of us ate hardly anything, and my children are the most open-minded kids when it comes to food (One doesn't like mint...that's it). We all ended up eating ice cream for dinner! When we went up to the dessert bar to get the ice cream, there was a roach crawling across the counter towards the plates of pie and cake that were set out. There was an employee standing right there behind the counter but she didn't try to kill the bug or anything. I can only hope it was because she didn't see it and not because it is such a common occurance.We ate in the cafe the next morning and the people there were more friendly and the food was at least edible. It was also reasonably priced, unlike the buffet. Trying to be positive, the room was pretty large, as was the bathroom. The AC/heater worked fine. The toilet flushed. I won a little money after the kids were asleep. We were able to check out via the television. I accidentally left my coat in the room after we had checked out and had no problem going back and getting it. The elevators were neither slow nor fast.There were too few helpful and friendly people, although we were grateful to the few who were. The place was dirty and rundown. We will never stay here again.	
Feb 19 2008 	The Hotel Room Was Very Clean....No Problems..except I lost all of my money!	I just got paid and I headed out towards Las Vegas, Nevada to enjoy the weekend...I had $500 to spend for the weekend and I couldn't wait to get there and play the slot machines and get away from Southern California...I left in the morning and then stopped in Hesperia for some snacks and to cash my paycheck at Stater Bros..I turned my paper check into cash and got some coffee (It was around 9am) and got back onto the freeway towards Nevada..I got to the stateline (also known as Primm, Nevada) and thought about stopping there or just to continue on into Las Vegas..I stopped there to refresh and play some quick slot machines and get a coke..I parked my car and went inside the casino and started playing the .05 nickel slot machines..The waitress came around and I ordered a regular Coke..I won like $50 on $5 in nickels and kept playing but my money never went down from the $50 I had over the $500 I brought inside the casino..I moved over to the .25 cent slots and after $20 spent I won $250! The change lady came over and hand payed me and I tipped her..I moved over to another .25 machine and played some more then moved again to another .25 machine and after 20 min of playing the machine would not eat my money away and just kept letting me play..I didn't win nothing really big but after I moved to yet another .25 cent machine and playing for about 10 min I won another $500! They came and handpayed me again and I tipped the lady...I couldn't believe it...within 1 hour I had $750.00 over my $500.00 I brought in with me for a total of $1250...I wasn't even there for two hours and won all that money and only stopped for a quick break...I continued playing and decided I was just going to stay there since I won all that money...so I made my way towards the hotel check in and paid like $35.00 for one night (very inexpensive) The desk clerk was friendly and quickly checked me in...I got my room key and it was upstairs so I found the elevator and made my way up to my room..I opened the door and the room was very clean adn looked picture quality..I plopped down on the bed and turned the TV on...I remember looking towards the window and thinking..wow! I am pretty high up in this hotel because I was eye level with the middle of the mountain (I was in the south tower) After relaxing for about 1 hour I took a quick shower...The shower was clean and the towles were nicely folded..For $35.00 you can't go wrong! I didn't notice any noise or problems with the room..I ended up going back down to play more slots and after I started drinking Whiskey and Coke my $1250 became $20 because Mr.Pete came out with his six shooter and robbed me of my pile of $1.00 coins (I was playing dollar slots) and playing three machines at a time..Lesson learned...When your ahead of the casino that much money then call it a night and quit while your ahead!	
Feb 12 2008 	YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR	We stayed one night 02/08/08. The price seemed right as we were flying back out of Las Vegas and didn't want to pay strip prices. The valet line was extrememly backed up and we stood outside our car for around 1/2 an hour. The check in line at the front desk was yet another 1/2 an hour. When we got to our room it seemed fairly clean and both the room and bathroom were large, but could have been a set for a 70s porn shoot. There was insulation coming out of the air conditioner and there carpet was stained. We called housekeeping twice for extra pillows and waited a total of an hour and a half to get them. The line for the players club card took another 24 minutes (by this point i was timing everything) so that we could use it for the dollar off the buffet dinner. Once again, you get what you paid for. The salad bar was good, but the main course selections left a lot to be desired in temperature, selection, and quality. Upon checking out it took 47 minutes to get a bellman to the room to take our luggage down. I was overall disappointed with the service received. They do offer $5 tables so for gambling, it was affordable. I would have rated my overall experience as terrible except that I won $300 playing black jack.	
Jan 17 2008	reasonable stay	Stay at Whiskey Pete's for one night as a stop between LV - San Diego. Walk-in rate was $31 (great deal) and you get Motel 6 quality room. Room was clean and basic. Service was great at check-in, check-out, and table games. It was very windy at night and you could hear the wind blowing from the AC in the room. Overall, you get what you pay for, if you just want somewhere cheap to crush for the night, this is a great steal.	
Dec 14 2007 	Not impressed this time	We stayed at Whiskey Pete's on the way to and from Disneyland to split up our drives. It was on 9/29/07 and again on 10/6/07. We have stayed here in the past on our way to California and enjoyed the room for the inexpensive price. However, this time we were not as happy with our stay.We were in the Tower both days. The first night we were on the 7th floor and the next night we were on the 1st floor. Even though they were non-smoking rooms both rooms had been smoked in. The rooms were dated and showing significant usage. For just an overnight stop off we could have overlooked that if it had not been for the terrible smell of smoke in both rooms. In one of the rooms the TV did not work very well either. Overall we were not very pleased and we will probably choose to stay elsewhere in the future.	
Dec 2 2007 	Not bad for a Quick stop	Ok we use Primm (like alot of you) as that cheap stop over between LA and Vegas. Stayed there two nights (once on our way to Vegas and once back to LA) and for the $19 a night I was very happy. Told the girl at check-in that &quot;All we wanted was a good nights sleep&quot; she kinda smiled and said I'll see what I can do, now the casino is very loud and not the best looking crowd, so getting a quiet night was questionable, BUT to my surprise both nights they put us up on the top floor of the casino it was a little wait for the elevators but to my delight the top floor was actually quiet and we had a great nights sleep for the drive the next day.	
Nov 4 2007 	Can't expect much more for $37 a night!	My boyfriend and I stayed here at the beginning of our 4 day trip to Vegas (we eventually ended up at the Luxor - review to follow!) because the room rate was so reasonable. We have stayed at Whiskey's once before and got a kick out of the &quot;down and out&quot; honky tonk feel this place has.We checked in at 11pm and because there were only 2 employees on duty, this took a bit longer than I would have hoped. I had requested a non-smoking room, king bed, and on a high floor. They had run out of king size beds (supposedly) so we settled for 2 queens, non smoking on the 18th floor. 2 outta 3 ain't bad! :)Our room (1825) was drab, the bed was quite uncomfortable and I had absolutely no desire to spend any time in this room except to sleep and shower. But it was $37!!! (I don't believe you can even find a Motel 6 for that price anymore.) Also, we were laughing because the housekeeper hadn't picked up the &quot;comment card&quot; from the previous guest. Good thing we are honest people because this person had filled out their home address, phone number, etc. and then they (the previous guest) had written at the bottom, &quot;Do not give this information out!&quot; Well, so much for that! Even though we checked in late, we were restless and decided to go down and have a couple of drinks at the bar. The bartenders were surprisingly friendly and personable. We aren't gamblers but enjoyed some video poker and had our drinks comped. (Great people watching here, by the way!!!)The A/C in the room makes a TERRIBLE racket, but unfortunately it was too warm even at this time of year to be without it. I sleep with earplugs in whenever I travel, and I still could not block out the incessant &quot;bangety bang...bangety bang...bang bang BANG&quot; noise that this thing made all night.I will say that the little window seat they have near the A/C is kinda cool. You can sit and look out over I-15 and the desert - it's pretty surreal to watch the cars come up and over and then disappear out of sight. The desert can be beautiful if you look at it the right way!In the morning we had breakfast at their coffee shop (The Wagon Wheel, i believe it's called??) before we hit the road. Their omelets are Huge. Ridiculously huge. I barely ate 1/3 of mine and was completely stuffed. They are served with toast and hash browns - the one we ordered had bacon, avocado, etc. and was only $5.95! (We paid close to 3 times that amount for breakfast in Vegas.) Please note that this hotel is very, very smokey and has no elegance or charm whatsoever. It is simply a place to crash for the night and maybe enjoy some gambling and cheap food. If we had paid more than $50-60/night, I would probably only rate this place a one or two star. But for the price we paid it was very reasonable!	
Nov 3 2007 	You get what you pay for	Stayed for 3 nights as a cheap alternative to Las Vegas-$140 total.Good points-check in fine, room comfy with very big shower, monorail/bus to neighbouring properties across the freeway, Fashion Outlet Mall adjacent.Bad points-Coffee Shop staff disinterested/understanding of English quite poor, wash basin in room took 20 minutes to drain, poor TV reception, pool closed for season despite temperature in 80s, woken at 6am one morning by what sounded like a plane using reverse thrusters but was actually the strong wind outside coming through the (turned off) air con unit, hair in food from Buffet, winnings from neighbouring casinos (owned by same company) could not be cashed at home casino.All in all, in future I would pay the extra and stay in Las Vegas.	
Oct 16 2007 	watch your money	we came in for a charity motorcycle ralley. Trying to watch money we stayed at Wickey Petes. All our reservations were booked online at a special rate. From the start - A NIGHTMARE!The hotel staff were incompittent from the start. I was asked to sign my credit card on another persons room. All the rooms (4) were at the wrong rate.I stated that we did not want to have our credit cards billed and that we would pay cash. They said no problem ...... WRONG. The evening manager did give us a meal for 2 for the problems.... more on that later. The rooms are decent and were clean. The evening entertainment was very good. thats the only thing I can say good about the stay.The Buffet was horrible with dried skin on the food and old vegetables. The desert table had doughnuts that could be used as hockey pucks. There was much better food over at Buffalo Bills buffet.Upon checking out we again were charged the wrong rate. This time the counter person was helpfull and fixed it stating that the hold on my card was released. Upon explaining what had happened, and that we were given a free meal that was very bad, she suggested to talk with the desk manager about compensation for the problems. Where do they get these managers from? I left upset but with a guarentee that my card was not to be billed.2 days later the charges show up on my account. When I called about this no one was in accounting so I asked for the Hotel Manager Roxanne Probst. She told me my bank screwd up and they did nothing wrong. She &quot;worked in banking for 15 yrs&quot; Now I am a little more than upset but after talking to my bank - very upset. The Hotel still has a hold for almost $600.00 for my rooms. After calling again and being told by a desk manager that I am wrong I am stuck.Do not stay at Whiskey Petes. While the rooms are ok the food and the staff are horrible. If you want to stay at Primm - do yourself a favor and stay on the otherside of the freeway at Terrible's or Buffalo Bills. Perhaps they will treat you better.Overall 1 of the worst weekend ever and I will never return.	
Oct 15 2007 	Better than I thought	I visited Vegas and wanted to go shopping in Primm. Because I went alone, I thought I'd stay for the day and end up staying for 2 days. I booked my reservation online and got my room at an exceptional deal. I even got 2 free concert tickets to see Pat Benatar. I stayed at Whiskey Pete's. Their rooms were a lot nice than I thought. The staff was friendly. The concert was just a monorail or shuttle ride (FREE!!!!) across the highway. Pat Benatar sounded awesome and brought back memories. Although I didn't gamble while staying in Vegas, I surely hit the jackpot with my great deal!	
Sep 22 2007	Absolutely stunned	On the way to Vegas to San Francisco I was really exhausted from the long drive. Did not have any reservation for a Vegas hotel and it was saturday night,so I pulled over at this place with the &quot;just for sleep attitude&quot;. Man I was wrong !! The front desk lady was extremely nice,I think she upgraded me to a deluxe room,don't konw if they really have them tho. The price ? 36$ dollars.Stepped into the elevator and enjoyed the ride with a very drunk but vey nice indian men( apache ). Opened the room and I was shocked. It was like a 5 star hotel.Incredible bed,marble bathroom,fine toileteries. all this for a 36$ bucks...now this is the old Vegas feel,luxurious rooms at cheap price.A room like that on the Strip? at least 119.00 off weekend if you are lucky.I will not stay here again as I'm done with the long SF-Vegas drivings but if you pass by and feel the need for a good sleep just stop over and enjoy this great place in the middle of nothing.	
Sep 11 2007 	good value	Our 3-day Labor Day stay was great....average check-in wait...actually quicker than downtdwn vegas. hotels....great friendly staff.&gt; Clean room, well maintained during our stay.&gt; Food was average hotel food...good and not too expensive&gt; Food staff was competent and friendly.Outstanding service at Silver Spur restaurant.&gt; Security was highly visible.....alert and professional&gt; Lots of children....pool area quite crowed with kids....but no obvious trouble-makers.&gt; Elevators somewhat slow due to high volume of families this holiday....lots of kids going up and down a lot....once they left Monday and Tuesday was much quicker.......&gt; bell service less than 10 minutes. friendly staff	
Aug 21 2007 	Great bang for you buck!	We were a little nervous at first staying in Primm, but we were pleasently surprised. The hotel was pretty clean, the staff was very nice, and the casino offered a variety of entertainment. There was a live band playing in the main casino with people dancing and having a great time. The bed in the room was huge, enough for a third. Bathroom was clean and tidy. There was a little age showing in the room, but other than that, we were very please for the $40 a night we paid on a weekend. We were about half an hour outside of Vegas with easy access to the 15. There was a free tram that took you over to Buffalo Bills and the the outlet mall. There are a few resturaunts in the hotel to choose from, but we opted to go to the mall for a little more variety. Didn't use the pool but people were in and out of the elevator in bathing suits all day. Still trying to figure out the castle themed western casino...? Oh well. We would stay again and recommend it to friends.	
Aug 10 2007 	Tired place bored and unfriendly staff	Just needed a place for the night, figured this would put us closer to home in the morning. We were surprised at the price - just $28. Looked nice enough. Room was nice size, bed was very comfortable. Lamps were dim, but that is an industry standard for casinos - they want you gambling, not reading.The staff looked either bored or pained. One dealer had mastered a look that conveyed &quot;leave me alone!&quot; Pit boss never seemed to leave his seat, so he couldn't notice. When we left, the &quot;leave me alone!&quot; guy was actually sleeping at his table.You get what you pay for, I suppose. But, we ate at Buffalo Bill's, across the street, same owner, and it was a night and day difference, maybe we'll give them a try.	
Aug 3 2007 	Never again	As someone else said, you get what you pay for. This is the first time my husband and I have stayed in Primm and it will be our last. The room itself was okay but there were too many other things that spoiled our stay. I would rather drive the extra way to Vegas, pay the extra money and stay somewhere I can enjoy.	
May 9 2007 	Too fun!	Thought the stateline was really far from Vegas, but it turned out to be a 40 minute drive which is shorter than trying to travel from place to place in Vegas. Stayed at the Whiskey Petes. Nice staff and reasonable accommodations. Enjoyed the Herman's Hermit concert and it seems that they have some pretty cool acts in the future. Looking forward to my next trip!	
Apr 20 2007 	It was OK.	It's not really a bad place -- I have stayed in Las Vegas at worse. First off, it wasn't really clear where to go in to register. The big entrance up front goes straight into the casino, and you have to weave your way through the slot machines to get to the desk. But, this is common for many other hotels in town, especially the older ones. The entrance off to the side, next to the monorail, goes straight to the registration desk. Then there was a line at check-in because their computers were down. It was about 7 p.m. and it seemed that most people chose that time to check in, as there was no line later. Our room was on the 15th floor, a decent room, and apparently the whole floor is non-smoking. The glare from the huge spotlights from below kept our room from being totally dark. The buffet closes at 8 p.m., and we weren't particularly hungry, so we took the monorail over to the Primm Valley Resort (formerly the Primadonna) and found a place where we could buy pizza by the slice, and that was good enough. We looked over the selection at their buffet but there weren't many choices and as I said, we weren't hungry enough to get our money's worth anyway. The next morning we ate at the coffee shop at Whiskey Pete's and it was as good as IHOP, so no complaints there. So, for $25, you want the Bellagio? It was good enough for me, and very few complaints. Oh -- the pool is only open Friday through Sunday, so take that into account. Their big spa is available 24/7. If you still want to swim, take the shuttle or the monorail across the highway to another hotel. All the hotels are under the same ownership so it's no big deal.	
Apr 17 2007	whiskey pete's	We stayed at Whiskey Pete's over the Spring Break. We found the room very nice and clean. The furnishings were tasteful and very comfortable. The shower was to die for, tons of pressure and lots of hot water. The staff we encounterd were all friendly and helpfull. The pool area was really great. The kids enjoyed the waterslide. The slots were loose and the drinks came very fast. I don't have any complaints about this place and for the price I don't think you can get a better deal anywhere. I will totally go and stay there again.	
Apr 17 2007	Going down hill	This was the second stay at Whiskey Petes, the third in Primm, one at Primm Valley.We were dissapointed, this place has gone down hill since we stayed last which was 2005 (2006 PV). The rooms are much more worn than before and the place seemed more scruffy. I see that they are to be taken over by Terribles which of course may be why they have not done much to improve the place. Let's hope Terrible's does something when they have control.In the casino the table's did not seem very friendly this time so only played once for an hour and the Keno shuts a 11pm unless you drive over to Primm Valley.Ate in the buffet, just the once and will not be rushing back, it's got to be one of the worst, plastic plates, glasses and dull food.We did not mind in the past the 30 min drive to Vegas but this time there were road works for most of the drive which made the drive hard work. Overall unless you are on a tight budget I would say try somewhere else.	
Apr 12 2007 	You Get What You Pay For...	First of all, Whiskey Pete’s Hotel and Casino was built in 1977. Therefore, if you choose to stay at this particular facility, please bear in mind that you’re staying at a 30-year old hotel. Over the years, the hotel has undergone periodic cosmetic renovations. Nevertheless, it’s still an older hotel. In other words, the hotel clearly shows its age relative to the rooms and overall layout of the facility. If you’re expecting to get “Vegas strip” quality rooms for $26 per night, then you’ll be sadly disappointed. However, if you’re comfortable with a clean, yet worn room, then you’ll be satisfied.I recently stayed one night at Whiskey Pete’s Hotel and Casino during a motorcycle ride. As expected, the entire hotel (i.e., exterior and interior) looked worn out. Again, it’s a 30-year old hotel. In comparison to other casino/hotels on the Vegas strip, this place is a tremendous bargain. I booked a non-smoking room on Vegas.com for $26, which included all taxes and fees. The check-in process was quick and smooth. The room had two queen beds and was located on the 19th floor, which is the highest floor for this hotel. The bed was your basic “Motel 6” quality with a view of the rear parking lot and tons of desert scenery. Although the room was clean and well stocked with towels, there were plenty of stains on the chairs and carpeting. As for the furniture, it was cheap and worn out. In fact, both the nightstand and entertainment center had numerous cigarette burn marks, which I guess is somewhat common with casino hotels. The walls were literally “paper thin.” Every time someone decided to flush their toilet or take a shower, you could hear it in stereo high definition quality! The toilet paper holders in the bathroom were broken, which wasn’t too much of an inconvenience. The inside of the elevators were vandalized with graffiti etchings and several lights within the corridors were either burned out or nearing death (i.e., flickering on and off). The carpeting throughout the hotel was old, but clean.If you’re hungry in the morning, avoid the hotel’s breakfast buffet. Although it’s only $7.95 per person, the price itself should give you enough concern to stay away. Frankly, and I’m not much of a food critic, but you’ll definitely get a better meal at Denny’s. However, if you still decide to venture into their breakfast buffet, definitely stay away from the ham and French toast. First of all, the ham tasted odd. In fact, upon closer inspection, the ham appeared to be processed from a can. As for the French toast, it was harder than a rock and tasted awful. If you’re looking to stock up on some freebies for the kids, then I’d definitely recommend you take several home. The dessert section had an assortment of donuts and pastries, all of which looked as they’d been purchased at the local supermarket. Again, don’t expect to get much for under $8. There’s a McDonald’s restaurant right next to the hotel’s buffet, which I’d recommend instead.Overall, the staff at the hotel was outstanding. Everyone was extremely friendly and professional, which made the hotel bearable. Then again, for $26 you can’t really expect too much. As they say, you get what you pay for.	
Apr 7 2007 	I Thought It Was Good	We arrived in Las Vegas on 3/27/2007 at 9:00 pm and drove to Primm. After picking up our baggage, getting to the rental car agency, picking up our car we ended up arriving at Whiskey Pete's around 12:00 am on 3/28/2007. I had reserved the room ahead of time, with taxes it was around 25.00 for the night. A very pleasant lady checked me in, took all of 5 minutes at that time of day. We were in room 1029, and it was clean and comfortable. From our room we could see the parking lot, but we also had a nice view of the desert and mountains. The bed linens and the bathroom were clean, no problems at all. The carpet was as clean as most carpets in hotels that see that kind of turnover. I mean, really, with all the people coming through they'd have to clean them every day. My socks weren't black from walking on it. I'm not impressed by amenities or opulence, but I do require a clean room. This room was clean. The staff members that I encountered were very courteous. I didn't see any &quot;bums&quot; around at all. The rooms aren't opulent and the beds, tables, etc., aren't of a 5 star category, but what do you expect for 25.00 a night? The furniture in our room wasn't shabby at all. I give this hotel a 4 category just because it was clean and cheap. I would definitely recommend it and would stay there again myself. The breakfast at the cafe was good. Eggs were cooked exactly as I requested, and the pancakes are as big as a plate. I think we paid around 5 or 6 dollars for pancakes, eggs and sausage. All in all, I enjoyed Whiskey Pete's.	
Apr 2 2007 	The bed was comfortable	We knew it would be shabby but wanted a cheap place to stay on the way to CA. It was exactly as everyone says. The front desk was very nice. We got in an outside elevator thinking it would be a fun trip to the third floor. It was very scary! Don't be tempted. I actually thought we were going to fall, it was so jerky. We took the stairs from then on. When we got to the room: Only 2 lights in the room worked and they were very dim; the view was of a gravel pit-which isn't a big deal; there was something hanging from wires in the corner. My husband jokingly said it was probably the camera; the bottom of the bathtub felt like rubber when I got in and it didn't drain very fast. The food in the casino was tasteless. All in all, it was better than sleeping in the car.	
Mar 16 2007 	Non-Smoking with Smoke no extra charge	We were disappointed in the service we received starting with a long wait at check in. We requested a non-smoking room. The room had the smell of smoke. There were empty cigarette packs left on the tv that the room service left behind. The carpet had empty plastic drink cups on the floor. The room was dirty. Our mistake was we stopped and booked our room without checking it and continued on in Las Vegas for business. When we returned to Whiskey Petes in the evening and dicovered the mess we were staying in, it was too late. We tried to get some sleep, However, We were congested, eyes swollen, and disappointed. We were up and back on the road at 4:00 am. Never again will we stay at Whiskey Petes. You really do get what you play for. However, there is no excuse for a dirty, smelly room. This was on a Thrusday before the weekend rush. Good luck because you have been warned.	
Mar 15 2007 	Free but nasty	Room was dark.Lights bulbs missing out of some lamps. Stairs leading up to the room from parking lot. Difficult to get luggage up.This hotel and all the hotels at stateline need revamping. Carpets are filthy,rooms need painted and updated.Didnt feel safe walking all the way down the hall to my room.Loads of drunk stinky bums hanging around.	
Mar 4 2007 	Nice Noisey Hotel	We stayed at Whiskey Petes for one night prior to our flight home out of Las Vegas, The staff was very nice and placed us in a room on the top floor because we wanted a good nights sleep prior to our flight. The room was nicely decorated and was great until about 2 AM when some neighbors moved in next door with a couple of kids and dog. They proceeded to have conversations in the hall and slam their units door repeatedly for about an hour. This was in addition to the dog yapping and kids yelling. Things quieted down about 3 am but about a half hour later occupants of the unit on the other side of us decided they needed to play their TV at full volume. At that point I got up and went to the hotel desk to complain about the noise. They called the unit and asked they turn the TV volume down which they did. They also offered to give us another room but by that time it was too late to do us any good. Needless to say, we didn't get a good nights sleep and can't recommend this hotel if that is your goal.	
Jan 3 2007 	We've found our new home in the sand!	Wow! This hotel is very small, compared to the large resorts of the Vegas strip - but we couldn't have been happier with our choice!We arrived late on Christmas Eve and were surprised to find no waiting at the check-in desk. What we did find, was a kind and courteous gentlemen that checked us in quickly and met our requests as best he could. We received a room on the 10 floor of the tower (wanted higher - but not a bad fix!) that was clean and large! Best yet, was the water pressure in the shower - WOW!! I'm sure I spent more in water, than the price of our room! I just couldn't get over it - this place is LITERALLY in the middle of nowhere - and we had HOT, STRONG water each and every shower we took - INCREDIABLE! Another surprise - they actually had a coffee machine in the room. Something we've yet to see in all our stay's in Vegas! - Reason being is that MOST casino's want you trapse through the machines to find a $4 cup of coffe?!The food values here are tremedous and great quality (try the cafe over the buffet - better variety &amp; hotter, prepared food). We earned points very, very quickly in the 5 days stay - in fact, enough for a free room when we return in April. This has never happened to either my husband or I in our ten previous trips to Las Vegas and we are regular gamers. This hotel has a monorail that goes between 3 casino's/hotels - which we loved, because we neither had to sacrifice our parking spot or safety after a few cocktails to enjoy everything! The outlet mall has FANTASTIC deals - we'll definately be going back there. Also this &quot;town&quot; is located next to the Mojave National Preserve and it was a wonderful place to go and see. We drove through one of the largest Joshua tree forest's in the world and walked amongst the sand dunes of the desert- it was a beautiful experience! - Go and check it out if you have time.If you want the &quot;glitz&quot; of Vegas - you won't find it here. These folk's are simple and so are the casino's/resorts. But if you want kindly service (VERY ATTENTIVE COCKTAIL WAITRESSES!) and a clean, large and comfortable place to rest your bones, then this is the place for you. Thank's Wiskey Pete's for reviving our faith in the &quot;old time&quot; Vegas value and feel! We'll definately be back!	
Nov 15 2006 	never again	We selected Whiskey Pete's based on the Trip Advisor rating of #1 in the Primm area...but we were very disappointed. We stayed 11/11/06, during the Marine invasion, which actually was not the problem for us. We checked in quickly with no problem. The room was clean, but worn. We were not impressed with the view of a wall we had from the window, but figured we wouldn't be looking out that much. After we returned to the room in the evening, we found there was a constant draft from the window area. When we turned on the heater, even on low, the room was too hot . The heater was noisy and constantly turned off and on (probably due to the outside draft). After taking a shower, the floor in front of the shower was damp and it continued to be damp throughout the night, although there was no visable leak from the shower head or toilet. ??? We called the front desk the next morning to discuss the problems in the room and to see if we could change rooms but were told that we'd have to wait until noon to see if rooms were available as they had been sold out on Saturday night. Since that would be an inconvenience for us, we chose to check out early. We ate at the buffet at the Green Valley Inn and found it to be bland and mediocre. We stayed at Primm Valley Inn last year and found the room to be much nicer...as I said, we selected Whiskey Pete's this year due to the rating we found on Trip Advisor!! When I booked it, the reviews sounded better. The more recent comments reflect our opinion. We will not book another stay at Whiskey Pete's	
Nov 13 2006 	Checkin Staff were rude.	Well what can I say... we arrived at this hotel on the day that the U.S. Marine corps was having a function. Not only were there not enough checkin stations open with at least a fifteen minute wait...the Marines were given preference which is O.K. but the checkin staff rebuffed the other customers very rudely. The computer sytem used by this hotel leaves a lot to be desired, there seemed to be two or three clerks at each station. We were eventually issued a room key...which did not work...so we went back to the desk....the key was reset and we went back upstairs to be confronted by the Supervisor of the cleaning staff who said that the room was occupied. After talking on the phone from the hallway to the desk supervisor we were told to go back downstairs again to the desk. The original checkin clerk proceeded to tell us the we had now gotten her in trouble...GO FIGURE!! We eventually got a room which was clean and very nice.The buffet was our next problem. Our first experience was OK but the following evening some of the posted dishes had been substituted...by half cooked food. The buffet staff were not able to rectify this problem becuase they could not speak English. The dessert buffet was absolutely decimated and nobody was there to serve the cakes etc that were behind glass.We left a day early....we had booked for 3 nights but could not stand another night here.	
Nov 11 2006 	IT WAS OK !!!	I usually stay at higher-end 4-5 star hotels like the Westin, Hilton, etc etc. So when I booked Whiskey Pete's for $19 a night (before tax) through ---, I was expecting a really bad hotel. I keep thinking for $19 dollars my room is going to be gross. During my drive to the hotel from the airport, I was thinking Plan B of finding another hotel to my standards.I booked it for only one night as test to see if I stay here in comfort, in the future, I will be visiting Vegas weekly so I’m in search of reasonably cheap clean hotel. To my surprise Whiskey Pete’s was REALLY much better than I expected. I’ll compare it to the major chain low end hotel in which you pay $50 –$80 a night, like Fairfield Inns, Holiday Inn Express, Hampton Inn , etc etc It’s a hotel not a motel which was good cause I can’t stand those outdoor motel . I arrived to the hotel at midnight, so there was only one person working the check-in desk. It was slow, but for $19/night that was expected. The registration desk is in the middle of the casino, so it was smokey. The casino itself is ok; it’s dark with décor of Old Western theme. There’s a McDonald’s and the hotel restaurant/ buffet in the casino. The people playing were mostly elderly or folks who lived in the area. The room was like any standard hotel size and the most important part it was CLEAN. I’m big on the bathroom; if a bathroom is gross then I’m out there. This bathroom was clean, marble counter top, shower/tub combo, and no mold. The shower curtain was clean. I requested a non-smoking room, but I could tell someone had smoke in the room. Why do people do that in non-smoking room? So the air was little stale. Like I said before the room was similar to a holiday inn or best western hotel. Mattress was standard, no pillow top. Did not look at the comforter on the bed as it was pull off right away. No matter what hotel I’m staying at, the comforter is the first thing I get rid of. Who know what people have done on it. The rooms were located in separated building from the casinos, so it was very quite. There was a large TV, my 20 – 25 inches. The A/C was a wall unit, one of the older kinds, so it was loud. The towels were clean &amp; white, and sheet were clean also. Whiskey Pete’s was ok, I got a typical $50-$80 room for $19. I wasn’t bad for one night stay. It’s nothing I would want to stay for long period of time, but it’s all right for night or two. I would recommend for what it is. Its much better then any motel.	
Nov 2 2006	I wouldn't stay here again if you paid me	We'd hoped to have a nice time outside the hustle &amp; bustle of Las Vegas, &amp; I got suckered in by cheap rates, but found this to be woefully inadequate, in big &amp; small things. We were GREATLY disappointed by the stay here. Stay here at your own risk. In no particular order:I'd arranged w/ the hotel, far in advance, to have a package delivered by UPS. Found out the correct address &amp; the way it was supposed to be addressed for a guest. After I got there, however, it took several days to even find out the package had been refused by the hotel staff, &amp; never got an adequate explanation on why. And, ABSOLUTELY NO ONE was in charge. EVERYBODY in management was absent (or, maybe, they're just absent when you have a complaint).I left messages for the people supposedly in charge. No one ever attempted to contact me, no one did a thing regarding this.Light bulbs burned out in room. They did get changed after a day &amp; 2 calls.The &quot;best&quot; buffet of the 3 available (all 3 casinos are the same management) was mediocre, at best. Seating in the cafe at dinner time had an hour wait -- even tho this was the off season, &amp; even tho there were plenty of table open.What should have tipped me off was our first experience. There's a line up at hotel registration; one of the only 2 tellers is told to close the station they're at &amp; move to another one, meaning a further delay. Absolutely no reason for this, they took their entire cash drawer w/ them, but had to waste our time closing down one machine &amp; starting up another one to simply move one station over.Then, going to my room, I noticed a sign -- &quot;Outdoor pool closed for seaon&quot; (this was off-season, in Oct.) -- &amp; underneath it &quot;spa open 24 hours&quot;. I had to ask 3 different people to even find out what the &quot;spa&quot; was. First person &quot;had never heard of it&quot;, 2nd didn't know, finally go in touch w/ someone who explained that the &quot;spa&quot; was simply the whirlpool next to the pool, &amp; it was closed for the season. THIS IS A SPA?As a consequence, I purposely did not even gamble here -- I drove to Las Vegas for that, to deal w/ people who know how to run things. Will never stay there again.	
Oct 25 2006 	Great value hotel!	My children and I stayed here one night on our way to Disneyland. It was much nicer than I expected it to be considering the price I paid. We booked through expedia and got a 19$ a night rate. (before taxes)The view we had from our room was amazing, we were overlooking the pool and our window was framed by palm trees. However we noticed the other side of the hotel had a view of a big dirt hill, so make sure you ask for a pool view. Positives-Can't beat the price!Large TVClean and quiet roomsBeds were resonably comfortableGreat viewPool with waterslide /Hot tubNegatives-Have to walk through a smoky casino to check in. (Might only be a problem if you are with kids)The air in the room seem slightly staleA/C gets a little loudNot enough towels in the roomPillows are a little on the flat side	
Sep 28 2006	Unusual but nice	Stayed here for our last night as we didnt want to go back into Vegas for the night. Restaurant offers value for money. Casino area very smokey but the rooms were smoke free. They were comfortable, clean and nicely decorated. Went to a concert here and enjoyed it very much. Put last bit of change into the slots on the way at bed at 1.30am and won!!! Nice end to our three week holiday travelling around.Outlet shops nearby so save some time to go and visit them. Convenient for the airport if you dont want to go back into Vegas before flying home.	
Sep 13 2006 	Great Hotel 	Whiskey Pete’s was a great little casino in the desert. We stayed the night of August 9th, 2006 on our way out to California. The room was an EXCELLENT price. The only down side is that we arrived around 9:00 pm and the pool and the kids arcade were closed. The pool did look awesome with a water slide and fountain. Trails End Coffee Shop was very yummy and inexpensive. It was so good we stopped on our way back from California (to check our KENO numbers) and to have breakfast. Whiskey Pete’s was definitely a bargain. Not to mention that it is away from the hustle and bustle of Vegas.	
Aug 14 2006 	A great stay in Primm	We stayed here the first Saturday in August and it worked out great for our family. I was a bit concerned after reading some of the earlier reviews. For the price, it was great. The pool was very nice. It had a fountain, water fall and water slide. The kids loved it. A tram runs between the 3 resorts which makes it very easy to get around.A very pleasant experience. I'm glad we tried it!	
Jul 28 2006 	Loved Whiskey Petes	A must!! We loved our visit and extended our stay!! This is a quaint place and it is not as crowed as LasVegas and it is very clean, friendly staff, lots of great slot machines, blackjack, and all the other stuff Las Vegas offers, only it is more. You are not crowed, you have room and the drinks are always coming. in vegas, you have to flag someone down for a drink even if you have bet over 5K at a table. Try this place out and you will truly enjoy your stay, we did.	
Jul 25 2006 	Great place to rest	My wife and I stay in Primm when we drive from Salt Lake City, UT to Simi Valley, CA. We first stayed here at Whiskey Pete's but have also stayed at Buffalo Bill's since. This is a no frills hotel, but for a cheap place to rest up we love it! I don't know about the earlier reviews, but we were pleasantly surprised with our room. We will definately be back!	
Jul 13 2006	Think Twice Than Keep on Driving!!	I will make it short and list the facts otherwise a small book caould be wrote!Large ugly stains on the carpet leading to the elevator that goes to the rooms!Large roaches or waterbugs seen several times! I dropped an earring behind the dresser and when i looked back there to see where it went -saw many ciagarette butts gum wrappers etc. Obviously cleaning is not a priority.Upon arriving in our room my husband had to hunt down a housekeeper person to get some spray tp spray the room as the odor in it was unbearable!The slots are exceptionally tight, and the food is accepatable but not enjoyable!Now i know this place has been around awhile, but i have been in hotal/casino that have been around a heck of alot longer that are clean and well cared for and that makes all the differance.We will never go back.Another thing i noticed that tells they just dont clean-the whole time we were there , the elevator we used to go to and from our room had a piece of wht appeared to be candy of some type stuck on the floor-it was there the whole 5 days!!!If clean isnt a priority for you -you may like it but i would think twice !!	
Jun 14 2006	good enough for one night's stopover	Not being a gambler and just needing a bed for my wife and 17 year old and her friend I was aprehensive staying in my first casino/hotel.Parking easy enough but hauling suitcases through casino to registration desk uncomfortable and very strange.Late night checkin no problem.Room average size and no real complaints from the 3 women.For $22.04 through jetaway it was a steal,never stayed anywhere so cheap.I do have a smoking habit(never indoors) but am sure glad I never started gambling.Anyway,McDonalds is right there,coffee shop next to it is a bargain also.Back to the room,non smoking,no real odors by any of us,fairly clean,and out of 6 nights of hotel stays,(different each night)the girls said this was one of the better.That includes $145 at Grand Canyon Holiday Inn Express and $120 at Rubys Best Western at Bryce Canyon.(will also report on them)They say you get what you pay for,indeed in this case based on previous reviews,it was way more than what we paid.Almost for free.Would stay again if passing through again.	
May 17 2006	great bang for the buck	i can't believe he negative reviews for this hotel....i stayed one week and paid 25 dollars canadian during the week and 50 dollars for the weekend.the rooms are clean and not too small. the pool area is very nice especially if you have kids who will enjoy the slide.the food is very good at the cafe at buffalo bills, just take the free tram to that hotel.for anyone who hasn't been to vegas then maybe you should stay on the strip, but since this was our 2nd trip we decided to rent a car and stay in primm. the car ride is around 30 minutes.by the way..if you plan on gambling, ask for the comp. card. i only gambled 3 times on the blackjack table and got 20 dollars for the restaurant of my choice.all in all a great value and nice people.enjoy	
Apr 26 2006	Elegant Room - Great Price - Miserable Stay !	I booked a room for two nights, a Fri and a Sat, several months in advance, so my lady friend and I could celebrate my 60th Birthday and 36 years with the Fire Dept. The room was ready and waiting for us -- Non-smoking, Kingsize bed, very elegant room -- EXCEPT, it was on the second floor, just above the pool and spa. Plus there were floodlights right outside our window, that when on, lite up our room like it was daylight all night long. We could also hear every voice, every shout, every cuss word from the drunks that were using the spa and pool ALL NIGHT LONG! To top that off, the guest (s) in the room next to us (adjoining, but locked, inner doors) must have fallen asleep with their TV on. We could hear it all night long. It finally went off around 6:30 in the morning. I went down to lodge a complaint and see if we could get transferred to another room. They were all booked up at all three Primm Valley &quot;Resorts?&quot; We ended up 12 miles down the road at the Nevada Landing in Jean, NV. Even though the room was more than double what we were paying at Whiskey Pete's ($109 just for Sat. night), and was not nearly as elegant --- we were able to get some much needed sleep that evening after we finished our gambling. I have stayed at Whiskey Pete's many. many times before, and never had an experience like this until this last weekend --- But that weekend was supposed to be very special --- It wasn't. So I seriously doubt I'll be seen at Whiskey Pete's again. --- SoCal Al, Gardena, CA	
Mar 23 2006	Great room cheap price	We were a little concerned since we got the room so cheap, but the room was large, clean and quiet. We were happily surprised. If we need a hotel in this area in the future, we will pick this one.	
Mar 9 2006	so bad it's funny	We stopped here because it was getting late. We had stayed up in Vegas for a few days and we were on our way back to Orange County. It was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. We were given a rate of 70.00. Which at first seemed reasonable. Untill we walked in the room. It was beyond stinky (I smoke). The comforter had smoke burns all over it. The tv had around six channels. You could barely fit in the shower (no bath). The phone didn't work. I was disgusted! And yes, be prepared for roaches. We saw two during our stay. We decided to get some sleep. We layed down, turned off the light and our neigbors started screaming. We then heard banging and more cursing. We turned on the lights and went downstairs to gamble. During this time, we stopped off to get our room changed. She told us that there weren't any other rooms available. Which we found out the next day that there were plenty. To top off this wonderfull night...My fiance went up to the room. I decided to keep gambling (big mistake the one dollar slots have a horrible payout). I realized that I didn't bring my room card with me. So I went back up to the front desk to find out which room I was in. The lady said she couldn't find our reservation. I sat there for over two hours waiting, knowing my fiance was asleep. Finally, she laughed they mispelled his last name. That's why they couldn't find it. [--]? I'm not laughing. The next day I spoke with the manager who told me that he couldn't understand why it took them that long to find it. That all she needed to do was go through the check in's manually. Okay so a few hours later we are up and decide to go to the buffett. It was completely disgusting. We just stared to laugh at this point. We will never stay at this hotel again. It was horrid. We aren't spoiled rich people. We are a military family and don't expect perfection. We stayed at Prim Valley Resort two years ago for an Army Formal. It was clean and descent. The staff was friendly and we had a great time. Spend the extra $ 30.00 and avoid roaches, bad food and an incompetent staff.	
Jan 15 2006	whiskey petes what a wonderful SURPRISE!!!	was very worried about the room quality for the price but booked it anyway-SURE GLAD I DID- we stayed 5 nights the room was wonderful and the staff was great!!! I'm a hotel manager for a major chain so I am very picky but not problems at all.The food was on par with the more expensive buffets on the strip and with the money we saved on breakfast and lunch at the primm locations we were able to have a great meal our last night there. I read reveiws before I left about the &quot;shady&quot; people there but after being on the strip when everyone came over from LA I was excited to be going back to Primm where everything was so quiet and calm (even on nights when they were sold out!!) Can't say enough wonderful things about this place!	
Jan 2 2006	Geart place to stay	We stayed at Whiskey Pete's In October 05 for two nights before we flew back to the UK. Our room was a good size and clean, The Bathroom was clean and not a bad size. There was Coffee plus Shampoo Etc.We had a view over the pool. We had good food while we were there and we booked through Midas Hotelnetwork and it only cost us £21 for the two of us for the two nights we could not believe the price so were not sure what to expect but we would stay there again, if like us you fly in to Vegas to start your Holiday but dont want to stay in Vegas then try here I think you will be suprised. They have a great shopping mall so you dont even need to go to the one in Vegas.It is about a 20 minute drive to the Airport on a good road. But if it is your first visit to Vegas then you do need to stay right in Vegas.Plus we were also lucky on the slots here.	
Oct 6 2005	Great place to stay!	This was my second stay in the area. First time to this hotel. Stayed here to save $$ on a saturday night while heading to Vegas for a few days. We were on the top floor and though there wasn't much of a view, the rooms were really clean and roomy enough for 3. I won $260 on a nickle machine and though we were only there for one night, the three of us earned enough points to pay for the breakfast buffett.The shampoo that they give you smells like cake mix!!! :-) Although, I will admit that on the top floor, we did encounter a big cricket! Hardly the cockroach that another poster stated. I imagine he road up in the elevator....The tram that takes you across the street to the Primm Casino is free and a bit ricketty but worth the trip to check out the outlet mall. And living in Orange County, CA, you can't beat a round of drinks for 3 at $7.50!!!	
Sep 19 2005	Enjoyable visit to Whiskey Petes	My girlfriend and I visited this place in July for the weekend. Whenwe arived around 11 p.m on Friday it was a quick check-in to a room on the 13th floor. We had heard that the room were smelly, but they wern't stinky at all.. Floor needed vaccuming. Nice pool if you have kids. Our room offered two queen size bed, 25&quot; Screen T.V. Writting table with 2 chairs, &amp; standard bathroom. After unpacking we headed down to the casino,bought a Mix drink for $4.50 (Ordered a White Russian -It tasted Bland) Regular Beer (bottle)$3.50. After that we went to the gas/liquor station across the way. We stocked up on New Castles and headed toward Nevada Landings. Went to the restaurant / had $4.99 Steak Dinner (Good) Offered free coffee with dinner at the late hour we were there. Total dinner for two with tip &amp;15.00 Headed back to Whiskey Pete's, we enjoyed the casino better at night, because there are a lot of kids around during the day time. We enjoyed fist night's rest. Free coffee in the room. Saturday Mid-Morning we headed over to the rest of the casinos in that areas, had good time playing Keno for the fist time. (Won enough to buy or drinks ) Walked around the mall , Had a drink at the bar in the middle of the food court. (Great White Russians there are great) Around sun down we headed over to the local bar sceen of Las Vegas. Grew tired of the strip. After a long night of bar / casino hopping ; on our way back to the state line. We stopped at the bar called theLast Call. Picked up Philly Steaak sandwiches and returned to our rooms to eat and sleep again. The following day we enjoyed spending time in the room. A/C blew great, had dinner down stairs in the Chuck Wagon Cafe. Nice people who work there. Good food. We ate there before on our way into Vegas.	
Aug 18 2005	TONS OF FUN AT WHISKEY PETE'S	We just got back from LAS VEGAS and stayed at WHISKEY PETE'S 08/13/05 for 1 night. We chose this hotel because it was the &quot;LEAST EXPENSIVE SATURDAY NIGHT RATE&quot; ($45.00). We checked in early and earned enough points in 1 NIGHT playing nickel slots for 2 FREE BUFFETS - VERY GENEROUS point system. We took the tram across the highway to shop and had the&quot;BEST&quot; PRIME RIB DINNER for only $6.95 at the PRIMM VALLEY Coffee Shop!! The pool at WHISKEY PETE'S was great for the kids with a cute slide. We booked through TRAVELWORM and during the week the rates are only- $15/NIGHT. Terrific room for the $$$ and look forward to staying there on our next LAS VEGAS vacation. Staff was great as well - EVERYONE WAS FRIENDLY AND PROFESSIONAL!!!!	
Aug 7 2005	Im done with Stateline!	This is my fourth trip to Stateline. The first three trips I stayed across the highway at Primm Valley Resort. It was adequete but nothing more. Not reasonably priced in my opinion. The casino at Primm as well as the casino's at Buffalo Bills, and Whiskey Petes are very limited in their offerings.Now on to my review of Whiskey Petes. The food sucked, The service sucked more. Im talking about hair in my food, Im talking about waiters and waitresses that could not speak. I mean it, they were like zombies. The coffe tasted like [-] and the service at the bars was atrocious. The drinks were weak and at one point I had to yell at the boxman while playing craps to get a cocktail waitress to the table.I know that this is Stateline we are talking about, but even I have my limits. For 70.00 to 90.00 dollars a night on the weekends I expect much better. Oh yeah I almost forgot to mention the dead ROACH in our room upon arrival. I mean this thing had been dead for at least a day or two and it was stuck to the carpet in the middle of the room.If you must go to stateline, do yourself a favor and stay at Primm Valley and gamble at Buffalo Bills. Trust me I know what Im talking about. But even at Primm and Buffalo Bills the comps suck, the tables are limited, and the casinos are overcrowded.My wife and I had been going to Stateline because it was 40 miles closer then Vegas and much easier to do on those quick getaways. But from now on we will either drive the extra 30 miles or we just won't go. Al	
Jul 6 2005	Had a great time here!	Three of us stayed here for one night on our way into Vegas for the 4th of July weekend, and we really enjoyed this hotel! We arrived at about 10pm on a Friday night - check in was friendly and quick and we found our room to be extra clean and quiet. We had reserved a non-smoking room on a high floor with 2 queen beds, and that's exactly what we got. (Couldn't smell a trace of smoke either.)We headed down to the bar and really enjoyed the entertainment that they had in the lounge area. I didn't catch the name of the band, but it sounds like they performed there often. By the end of the night they had everyone dancing and even doing the conga - pretty hilarious! Bartenders were friendly and they had a pretty lively crowd at the blackjack tables.We checked out the next morning and headed into Vegas for 3 more days of fun. Of course, Whiskey Pete's is NOT glamorous or classy or elegant but it IS a great value and a fun little hotel. I didn't expect much from this place, but it turned out to be a great time.	
Jun 21 2005	Great Room for the price	I stayed at Whiskey Pete's on my way to San Deigo and on my return trip. I booked my room through travel worm for $15 a night. The room was clean, and well mantianed. My kids liked the arcade and loved to ride the monorail to the other hotels in the area. The pool with the waterslide was also a nice feature. The staff was friendly and helpful, letting us check in a few hours early. The food in the cafe was good, and reasonably priced. I would stay there again.	
Jun 1 2005	great value	we stayed at petes on friday 13th may 05, as we had been staying in palm springs and didnt fancy the 4 hour drive back for our flight from vegas back to england, we thought it was great value and on this night they had a great rock band on,in the casino. will definately be back.	
May 22 2005	A nice hotel at a great price	I got my room at Whiskey Pete's through Travelworm for only $15 per night, so I wasn't expecting much. I was very surprised when I got room number 1915 on the top floor of the hotel. The room was perfectly acceptable in every way; it was clean, had a comfy bed and was quiet. The room was similar to a Best Western or Comfort Inn but at a fraction of the price (I stayed on a Wed and Thurs night, weekends will probably be higher). The bathroom was stocked with thick fluffy towels, oatmeal soaps, and shampoo and hair dryer and coffee maker. There was also an iron and ironing board, which usually doesn't come in an inexpensive room. About 18 channels on the cable TV. Blackout curtains that block most of the light if you want to sleep late. A nice pool and jacuzzi on the ground floor, with a theme-park-style water slide. I parked my car inside the multi-story garage to keep it out of the sun, but you can park closer to the front door of the place if you don't care. It was nearly 100 degrees when I was there in May. The coffee shop on the ground floor has a great deal for dinner -- a delicious prime rib dinner for $5.95. It came with salad, baked potato and peas and was an incredible bargain. There is a monorail that takes you across Interstate 15 to the other two hotels and shopping mall. Primm Valley Resort was OK, but Buffalo Bills Hotel was the most attractive of the 3, in my opinion. The problem with Buffalo Bills is the roller coaster that nearly encircles the hotel; if you plan on sleeping early or late, the coaster may not allow you to do so. It's probably better to stay at Whiskey Pete's and take the monorail to the other two. If it's your first time here, be sure to sign up for the Player's Club -- it's free and they give you a voucher good for either a free buffet, or $5 at one of their coffee shops. I got the dinner buffet at Buffalo Bill's and it was OK, though not memorable. A large variety of food to choose from, but it's volume, not excellence that buffets are known for. The desserts were particularly disappointing, but the salad bar was excellent. Buffalo Bills has a log flume ride actually inside the hotel, a gigantic arcade with video games, and plenty of other distractions for young people who won't be gambling. Sorry to talk about the other two hotels in the Whiskey Pete's review, but the 3 hotels are all part of a complex, and owned by the same company. The outlet mall is reached through a passageway from the Primm Valley Resort. The prices didn't wow me, but if you don't gamble, you can pass some time there. There is a convenience store just outside the mall in case you need some provisions. I did not see any internet booths here during my entire stay anywhere on the property, so don't plan on being &quot;connected&quot; while here. Overall a great place for a cheap getaway, but Vegas is only a 30 minute drive up I-15 if you get bored.	
Apr 11 2005	A Great Place to Stay!	Stayed for the weekend from Friday, sat and sunday April 1, 2, and 3.Vegas prices were outrageous so we got great rooms on line at the state line.Only problem was had to drive in to Vegas for 30 min from state line. Rooms were classy and clean. Great views of the desert mountains and a nice large shower for 2 people. Air conditioning was strong and furniture was plush and comfy. The tv was at least 25 inches and great channels as well. Food at the Whiskey was unbelievably cheap and delicious. Cafe was open 24 hours.Would stay here again in a heart beat. Love the Whiskey Pete's!!!	
Apr 7 2005	Very unsatisfied	BE AWARE OF WHAT YOU ARE GETTING INTO BEFORE YOU MAKE THE RESERVATION with TripReservations. They charge HEAVY penalty for the cancellation. I have cancelled my reservation right after I booked the hotel (within 20 minutes). The hotel rate was only $55 and the penalty for the cancellation was $50. I will NEVER user their service again.	
Mar 25 2005	Great value	I was a little leary of the price, especially after seeing mixed reviews, but I thought I'd take a chance on it for $16 on a Sunday night. I thought it was a great value. The room was clean and quiet, the king-size bed was comfortable, and the bathroom was fairly big. The bathroom did not have a tub, but the shower has a couple of seats in it.My only complaint about the room is that it adjoined to the room next to it, and the door between the rooms was really hard to lock. We spent a little time in the casino, and won about $30 on a nickel machine, and lost a few bucks on quarters. I only interacted with the staff on check in and check out, and both men were friendly and good to work with. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 6 2005	Cool hotel	We are from England, we go to Las Vegas every other year ,we always make a point of staying 5 days of our 14 days holiday at Whiskey Petes we have never had a bad thing to say about the hotel /rooms/service/food, it has always been very clean and it is very good value for money. (3 cheers for Whiskey Petes)	
Nov 27 2004	Awesome theme	Cool theme, we stopped there driving back from San Diego to Vegas then home to Ohio. We checked out the Casino had cookies and milk at the McDonalds there (cost about 3 bucks) and invested 2 bucks in the slots and won $ 100.00.Not bad for just passing through, eh. We felt obliged to hit their gift shop before we moved on though, and saw lots of cool novelty stuff. So even though we spent some of our winnings in the gift shop, we took with us some interesting pictures of the mountains, desert, and cool memories back to cold wet ohio.	
Nov 9 2004 	Surprised for the better	Despite the negative reviews, I booked a stay here anyway for 1 night before partaking in the road trip home. The front itself was very clean, but the casino is very dated. There were signs throughout the area saying the place is being remodeled. We checked in at 3am (long night in Vegas!) with a checkout for 9 hours later. We just needed a place to lay our heads for the road trip home. Check in was average. We took the elevator to our rooms on the 6th floor. The room was huge and the bathroom especially was huge. There's no tub, but there are 2 seats in the shower. The bathroom had a small coffee maker. There were adequate towels. I think a light was missing for the dressing area, but that was ok. The room was very clean. I had a sitting area with 2 chairs and a table and bay view window to a wall and a mountain side. No problems there, since I booked this stay to sleep and refresh for the next day. The queen bed was comfortable and clean. The only negative thing was the chain on the door was broken. All in all, just an average room. The buffet was pretty good despite the negative reviews. For $8.95, it was an excellent value. Even though &quot;I lost my shirt&quot; at this place, I would stay here again. I paid $65 total for a Friday night stay. Much better than a Motel 6 and cheaper too.	
Aug 14 2004	A Nice Suprise!!!	My husband and I stayed here on 8-8-04 and we were very impressed! We paid under $15.00 for the night through a travel website and we got more than we expected for our money. The room was bigger than we expected and nicely decorated. The bathroom had a granite countertop and a large shower with 2 seats inside. The a/c unit worked well and kept the room very cool. The pool has a slide but when we were there it wasn't in use. The spa was open 24 hrs and many including us, used it in the morning. The pool hours are 10am-8pm. The staff was friendly but check-in took some time since it was 4pm and everyone was checking in at the same time. I requested a room overlooking the pool and rec'd a room there on the 15th floor. The breakfast buffet was very good!!! We had gone to a free buffet at the Sahara for dinner the night before and it was terrible. (if we ever get free buffets at the Sahara again we would not use them)The food for breakfast was hot and tasted good. The eggs were great. They have an omlette station and the biscuit and gravy were good! They also have some sugar-free sweets. This hotel is about 40 minutes from the strip but the drive isn't bad. I would definately stay here again. Even though this is one of the cheapest hotels for Las Vegas, it is one of the better hotels and we have stayed at many hotels in Vegas including Caesars, Mandalay Bay, Flamingo, MGM, Luxor, and The Mirage. For the price this hotel is well worth the money!!!	
Aug 2 2004	Absolutely brutal	Oh ... my ... God! Room wasn't horrid, but the clientele at the casino was disturbingly low-class. And the employees weren't much better. It was a pleasure to see this place in my rear-view mirror.	
Jul 30 2004	I enjoy Whiskey Pete's	I cannot believe the Hotel Hell review. I have had 4 pleasant stays a Whiskey Pete's. The rooms were always clean. One time I had a noisy neighbor and they changed my room immediately.The slots were not generous, but the tables were the same as anywhere else. No, it isn't Bellagio, but it has always been clean and cheap. If someone had a bad experience, I can understand that.........But it doesn't fit with the experiences I have had.	
Jul 26 2004	HOTEL HELL		
Jul 26 2004 	A+ from me!		
May 24 2004	Disappointing		
May 14 2004	I have always liked whiskey pete's and I always stop by		
Apr 21 2004	Fairly depressing		
Apr 1 2004	Unforgettable Primm		
Mar 30 2004	Worth the price!		
Feb 21 2004	Is Primm Really Proper?		
Jul 31 2003	Dinner at Whiskey Pete's		
Nov 27 2002	Great Hotel and Casino		
May 31 2009	weit weit weg		
Sep 14 2007 	Ottimo Hotel		
Feb 4 2006	Positive Überrascung		
