	GREAT VALUE	After reading several of the reviews, we were very pleasantly surprised. I agree a coffee maker in the room would be a very nice amenity. Room was large, carpet had a few stains, but room overall was clean; linens were very, very nice. Bed was comfortable. Housekeeping service was great! I would definitely stay here again. Location is on North end of strip, but it's nice because it is not so busy. Can easily access bus and monorail.	
	Well I've stayed at nicer places for sure BUT....	Actually I am here now at the casino. It is Thanksgiving. I suppose that is why they are very short handed in help as this am I couldnt even get a cup of coffee in the casino. There isnt a coffeemaker in the room which was very inconvenient and also NO fridge or microwave. The view was the best part of the room. The women in the Club Sahara were not helpful and the black cashier was very disrepectful and rude. I am bored out of my mind as I am NOT going to WASTE any more money in these tight slots. they have all the money they are getting from me.to housekeeping.....when a guest has her room completely cleaned STAY THE F--- OUT OF HER ROOM very rude.	
	You Get What You Pay For	Wasn't really sure what to expect when I booked my trip to Vegas. Figured this hotel would be a deal... Unfortunately, you get what you pay for. I will concur with previous posters about the problems with bed bugs. There also were weird stains all over the walls in my room. Huge ones in odd places, like on the wall above the windows. I can't even begin to explain what they could be or how they got there. Also paint was chipping off of some of the woodwork in my room. Aside from the bugs, the beds were comfortable though and my stay was very quiet. I don't think I saw a single person on my floor while I was there. The check-in/checkout lines were somewhat of a joke. Seemed like they had one or two people working and a line stretching the entire length of their lobby/hallway area. One huge positive was the proximity to the monorail and the fact that the casino wasn't a massive maze you needed to figure out. I would have stayed here again but just can't get past the lack of cleanliness. Sorry... Oh, also the internet was somewhat expensive and didn't work too great - but who goes to Vegas to sit online anyway?	
Nov 22 2009 	"Best Vacation Ever"	Just got back from a week in Vegas at the Sahara. I decided to stay there because , for all they have to offer, Sahara was &quot;The Best&quot; hotel deal in Vegas hands down! Even the special rate rooms were clean and roomy. Plenty to do there in the hotel itself with rides, gambling, attractions, restaurants, shows, and shopping. The staff particularly stood out to me. Any problems were delt with quickly and professionally. Plus the employees at the tables, and even the cleaning staff, talk and laugh with you and make you feel like a welcome friend. Not stuck up and snooty like other places. My biggest compliments to the day Manager Ms.Lincoln. She was very courteous and friendly for whatever I needed, and even went above and beyond when she saw a possible budding romance between myself and a beautiful lady from Spain I met there. Thank you Sahara, and to all the staff members, my deepest and most heartfelt thanks for making it the most wonderful week of my life! You will definitely see me again!!	
Nov 18 2009 	Very Nice	I have stayed at the Sahara about three times. All three times I have found the hotel to be very nice and clean. The staff have always been friendly and helpful. The Sahara is an attractive hotel with better than average facilities and amenities. The Caravan Cafe has always had excellent food and service. The rooms are spacious, clean, and adequate (no matter which tower you stay in). The casino is also attractive and easy to navigate. A big plus is the monorail station in the rear of the hotel, although it is a long walk to get to it. It's still better than walking down the strip. I would recommend this hotel as it is one of my personal favorites. The Sahara is a classic Vegas hotel.	
Nov 17 2009 	good stay	Had a good stay at the Sahara hotel for a couple of days. The building it self is a bit old but the prizes are resonable.	
Nov 10 2009 	For the Money It's a Great Place	Sorry it has taken me so long to write a review but we are planning our trip to Mexico this year and thought I'd check the Sahara reviews to see how they were and thought I should really tell people our thoughts on the place so here goes. Better late then never. We stayed here Nov. 2008. You have to remember this is one of the oldest hotels in Vegas. After our trip had been booked I did some research on tripadvisor, after reading the terrible reviews, and there were lots....... I wanted to cancel. The majority of the reviews were so negative and spoke of filth, bugs and terrible food. My husband said his friend stayed there before and it was nice, so we decided that we'd go to the Sahara and if it was terrible we'd change hotels at that time. When we arrived and checked in my husband was telling the front desk of how leerie I was to stay in their hotel and why, maybe thats why we got the room we did but whatever works I guess. We were given the key to our room,and up we went. I was surprised it was clean and fairly nice, not the Marriott, but it was clean and the furnishings were pretty nice, unlike what I had read. We went down and signed up for a Players Card ...I recommend thet everyone does that at all the hotels they go to gamble at because you can get play money for the slots and we got tickets for some free shows as well. Our 1st night when we arrived we were very hungry so we went to eat at the Sahara buffet it was well priced and it's even discounted with your Sahara Player's card, surprisingly it was good food and a good selection, the breakfast buffet was the best one. Everyday you get a chance to win something on the slot play located at the Players Club signup desk. During our 1 week stay we tried other hotels buffets and they were more expensive and the food wasn't near as good as at the Sahara . I found the atmosphere at the Sahara on a whole the rooms and the food was pretty damn good for the money we paid., the only reason we found to leave was if we wanted to shop or go to a show. For anyone who is reading the bad reviews posted here I feel for you, trust me, if your leerie about it when you get there tell them at the front desk before you get your room key and maybe it will be the reason you get a nicer room too, hey if it works, it works....why not? I hope my review helps anyone who is worried about staying at the Sahara	
Nov 10 2009 	It was OK	For the price that we paid the room was OK, i expected a coffee maker at the very least. the towels didn't smell that great to me. Beds and Pillows were very comfortable, and they helped us out when we need it. We were on Floor 22 and had a beautiful view of the Stratosphere	
Nov 1 2009	Keep it all in perspective	Listen up people! I have travelled around the world &amp; used to be a travel agent. I have stayed in everything from 1 to 5 star hotels, so I know what I'm talking about with this review!My Mom &amp; I recently returned from a truely great one week stay at the Sahara!! This was my second visit there this year. Thats how much I like it!! After reading so many negative reviews we almost re-booked somewhere else, even though I had stayed there just 5 months previous &amp; knew what to expect! After our great stay we can only say that either people are too fussy, or are not well travelled &amp; are expecting too much. Perhaps they are expecting the glitz &amp; glamour that they see on T.V. &amp; in pictures, but with the Sahara you have to keep everything in perspective. Yes, the property is old, the hotel was established in 1952. Unfortunately, because we are in the middle of a recession, we were told by the staff that upgrades that were planned have been put on hold. The common areas are run down, as are some of the rooms, but overall the place is CLEAN!! Yes, there were some room service trays &amp; glasses laying around for awhile in the hallway, but was I going to let something like that ruin my holiday? NO I wasn't! As long as our room &amp; beds were clean thats what mattered. Without fail we found every staff member from the pool boy up to the Asst. Hotel Manager to be very helpful &amp; friendly. Some reviews on this site said the opposite, but we expect those people went in with a negative attitude right from the start, so nothing would have satisfied them. Remember that as with everything in life you get back what you give out. This property is more off the &quot;beaten track&quot;, but my mother who is a senior especailly enjoyed this, as it is a nice retreat when you've had enough of the hustle &amp; bustle of the main strip &amp; since the hotel is smaller its much easier to get around. For those of you who enjoy relaxing in the sun the pool is really nice, but very cold! The dinner buffet for $8.99 with the Sahara Club card discount was adequate. Nothing fancy, but again keep it in perspective when you're paying $8.99 for dinner! You can barely eat at a fast food restaurant for that price!Here are a few tips to make your stay here more enjoyable:1.) Try and check in on a Sunday or Monday if possible. There are virtually no line ups to check in on those days. 2.) Ask for a more recently renovated room in the Tangiers Tower, preferrably high up from the 25th - 27th floors. DO NOT book a standard room. Pay a little more &amp; get a deluxe or premium room. Some people seem to have had bad experiences with dirty rooms and we suspect they are the ones that stayed in a standard room low down.3.) This hotel is conveniently located on the Monorail line. Pay a little more &amp; buy the 3 day unlimited rides monorail pass, $30.00. Its worth the money!! You can get from one end of the strip to the other in about 20 minutes. It beats all the stops on a crowded bus on the strip!We looking forward to going back!	
Nov 1 2009 	GROSS	DO NOT STAY HERE!!! The hotel is dirty they do not change the sheets everyday bathrooms were gross the pee behind the toilet looked as if it had been there for months and the room was infested with BED BUGS!!!!!	
Oct 27 2009 	Great value would recommend to friends and family.	I booked a four night stay Thursday thru Sunday at the Sahara Casino before I read the many reviews on this website. After reading many reviews, I was somewhat nervous about what to expect when we arrived. One review I read suggested that we request the Tangiers tower since it had been remodeled and more up to date than the other towers. Upon arrival we waited 15 minutes in line and was helped by a very friendly front desk. There is a $6 mandatory fee per night regardless of what you booked in advance. We went ahead and requested the Tangier tower with no problem or additional cost. I don't know what people expect of a room when you pay 50$ per night. The room was clean and comfortable. It was like staying at a Best Western. Overall the casino was not as run down a reviewers made it sound. It was a very good value for the price. If your looking for luxury book at the Bellagio.	
Oct 25 2009 	Would rather stay in the middle of the Sahara Desert!	To say the entire place from the lobby to casino, restaurants, and rooms are filthy would be a gross undersatement - with the exception of the pool area; but be prepaired to be charged 6 dollars per day (weather you use it or not) and some mystery charges from the bar. Don't waste your time and energy trying to get these charges reversed - Nobody cares! . Customer service, if you can call it that, was consistant through out - with very few exceptions- Nasty, tired, disinterested, put out, put off, unfriendly, unresponsive, lazy, rude, dishonest and at their best, just didn't care. We did find most dealers to be friendly, but one Black Jack dealer at the dollar table was so aggresive and rude, actually telling us if we didn't like it we could leave. The Pit Boss just stood there while he treated the entire table with disrespect. We were never quite sure what his problem was, but we did obviously leave the table. Clearly we could go on and on about the crappy drinks, the lousy food and the chiropractic services you are sure to need after sleeping on the hard beds, but the bottom line is just DON'T STAY HERE. You are going on vacation and should be able to focus on having fun not worring about walking with a limp from being bent over the entire time by the Sahara!	
Oct 22 2009 	Good hotel clean room with reasonable price	I stay in this hotel for 3-night during the vacation with my family and my parents. Both room are not face the street so they are comparatively quieter compare with other hotel rooms. The bathroom is clean with plenty of towels, this is very helpful since we have a young kid. The room is clean, not big, but enough space for a couple with kid. The bedding is not brand, brand new, but it is clean and comfortable. The price is great, we got stay 3-night, get $50 deal, which makes the price per night less than $30. The only drawback is the location, a little far from the main street, but you can always try the bus. I will stay it again next time I were there.	
Oct 12 2009	Big Beers Big Shows Big Money	We stayed at the Sahara and it was a great deal. The Metrorail was connected right to the hotel which made for a cheap, easy way to get down to the more popular hotel casinos. Its also close to Fredmont street's classic strip,	
Oct 12 2009	BED BUGS AT THE SAHARA HOTEL IN LAS VEGAS	We attended Bike Fest and stayed at the sponsoring hotel which is the Sahara. 57 year old hotel and it definitely looked it. Our room which was in Tangiers Tower room 1847.We were bitten up on the last early am with bed bugs. We saw the bugs in the bed at 5:30am. Bedbugs come out the last hour before dawn. They can feed on you from 3-12 minutes. I am very suseptable to bug bites. Because we ckd out via the TV I did not report it to the hotel. I did write it on the comment card in the room. After getting home I had a delayed reaction and the bites showed up.the next day. I immediately called the dept. of health and emailed the hotel. It took about a week to hear back from the hotel and less than a week from the dept. of health.The hotel does not change sheets during your stay to conserve water.	
Oct 11 2009 	Classic "old style" Vegas hotel BUT great rates for (almost the) Strip!	I found the Sahara to be very cheap, very cheerful and with a great location.The rooms are large and comfortable.The fixtures and fittings are looking a little tired but everything functioned as you'd expect.Beds comfy and clean.The hotel is just past all the Vegas glitz at the bottom end of the strip about 20 - 30mins walk to get to the hustle and bustle which is fine in the evening but a bit of a torturous walk during the daytime sun!(although the Deuce bus passes the front of the hotel - if you can get on it! sooo busy!)I would recommend this hotel if you want a good (almost) strip hotel which will defiantly not break the bank!	
Oct 11 2009 	good value	why all the bad reviews. just got back from 11 nights . no complaints lovely clean room, ok the lift carpets are dirty, but with all the building work going on in vegas at the moment all the hotels are dusty. if you are looking for a cheap clean hotel then this is the place for you. its at the top end of the strip, but at the moment it better to stay. as down by planet hollywood its covered in dust from the building of 3 new hotels and will be till there finished. we found it impossible to walk around with the wind blowing the dust all around. so give the sahara a go, we are glad we stayed, go now before she's pulled down and and they put a huge glass hotel just like the others in her place.	
Oct 9 2009 	Budget hotel with fair quality - worth the money if you are in Vegas often!	We have been in Sahara for several times. You can find good deals there from time to time. Hotel is fairly good considering the price. A bit on the north end but good place if you go to Vegas often. If you fly to Vegas not so often, then find a luxury hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	You get what you paid for	Good place to crash at night. Rooms were small but clean. Furniture should have been replaced few months ago.	
Oct 8 2009 	This hotel may be old but it has all you need.	The Sahara is located directly on the strip and the Tram which runs the length of the strip. You can stay at this hotel and almost never need a rental or cab, because the tram can take you any where along the strip. The hotel is old, but it's very comfortable with great employees that offer excellent customer service. It has the best value and appreciates repeat visits. The room cost is only one of the many values. The Poker Room offers multiple Texas Hold'em tournaments each day at an affordable price.	
Oct 8 2009 	Not impressed	Parts of this hotel were renovated and I stayed in the renovated tower. First impression was that rooms were not cleaned well. I saw dust, dirty windows and some smell was omnipresent. I am not sure now, but I think I was charged extra for electricity use as well. Granted, I didn't pay much for my stay, so I suppose, I got what I paid for. I didn't eat in their restaurants, so I can't comment on that. I will mention one huge advantage of this hotel: it has monorail access, so if you want to stay at relatively inexpensive hotel on the strip with easy access to all other city's attractions - Sahara is it.	
Oct 8 2009 	Cannot defend Sahara anymore!	Its been 4 years since my last stay at the Sahara...... and will be my last. This time we brought friends and are now embarrased that we did.Stayed 3 nights........... here's the Good, the Bad and the UglyGOODfast check-ineasy self parkingno timeshare sharks in lobby this timepoolmonorailBADparking lot and elevator disgusting - thousands of shoe prints on walls and ceilingcoffee - $3.50 a cupsports book - now located by elevator to Tangiers tower. People crowded with luggage trying to watch games. Security post their as well - too busy watching  games....premium rooms - *** the same as a basic or deluxe room. No amenities. You are paying  extra for nothing.Coasters, Platters, etc - c'mon they were headlining 5 years ago when I was their.UGLYNascar Cafe - half the size, half the menu an embarrasment to NascarPOKER ROOM - tourists need not play, ruled by locals.... they all know each other and  prey on the weak.......... funny how 2 tournaments in a row had the same players at final table. Caught one of them signalling a raise..... just so  happened every local folded and I was big blind..... pretty suspect. This happened more than once! BEWARE.	
Oct 7 2009 	Good for traveling on budget!!! Its a good hotel really...	First, I must say is my second time coming to this hotel. Honestly when you go to Las Vegas you want to spend money shopping, having fun, going to shows and having a few drinks. The hotel is the last thing you use and honestly I see no better value than this hotel in the whole strip area.I paid $26 a night for a week with my mom. Where else are you going to get that price and the location? The location is perfect, in front of the hotel there is a stop for the Deuce and also a stop for the Monorail.The rooms are ok for the price you pay and even when the hotel is and old hotel I like the style and the decoration.Dont listen to the people saying the hotel is the worse thing ever... come on... look at the price. In the strip are there are hotels in all price ranges and definitely nothing can beat up this one. You are in the strip but there is some privacy and some quietness too.Near the hotel there is a Ihop, Subway, McDonalds and the Stratosphere Tower and hotel. Also there is a gigantic gift shop across the street.The $12 all you can eat buffet is again, worth the value. However try to go as early as you can as I noticed the food is better around 6 pm than around 8 pm.I never used the pool as I dont like them but the pool area is great to catch a tan.If you are traveling in a budget definitely this is a great option.... I love this hotel and I will return next year....	
Oct 6 2009 	What a load of crap	Myself and my friends stayed here for two nights. My room was dark, dingy, and smelly. The carpets were dirty and stained, mildew around the bath and long hair left in the bath (not mine as I have none) and pubic hair on the bathroom floor. Dust on the TV. And best of all blood or something like it on the side of the mattress. I would recommend you pay a bit more and have something a lot more clean and tidy. Be aware of the price, what you see is not the price you pay. We paid for two nights and thought that was that until they wanted a fee for incidentals (which we did not use) no money back what a rip off. And don't forget the tax and the tip; all adds up. Rip off holiday.	
Oct 6 2009 	Even with an affordable rate - I wouldn't recommend this to anyone - disgusting	I was using Vegas a send off and return for my trip to Zions. I knew the Sahara was an older hotel and didn't expect much, but jeez... at least have some pride in your hotel and do some basic cleaning and repairs. I didn't care about amenties, I just wanted clean and safe. I drove in late night (10:00) and my first experience was with the parking garage. It dropped you off at the 4th floor but signage indicated you couldn't travel up or down to any other floors from there besides to leave. I finally found a spot and took the elevator down to the hotel level. The garage elevator reeked of urine and vomit and the glass on it looked like it hadn't been cleaned in years. The check in was pretty seamless as no one else was checking in, but only one agent caught my eye to give me the ok to approach him. The rest were busy talking to each other about other hotel's locals specials on nightlife. I did ask for an &quot;upgrade&quot; in my original reservation online. The front desk gave me a balcony room on the 24th floor which was one below the penthouse. Given that, I thought it would be, all things considered, a decent room. In retrospect, I would hate to see what my room would have looked like w/o an upgrade. As a single woman travelling alone, the first thing I noticed is that the first light you switched on when arriving in the room did not work. So I had to fumble around in the dark to find a lamp. The bathroom was missing the hot/cold nozzels b/c they were replaced w/another fixture (see pic). However, it still looked sloppy considering they could have caulked/tiled it over. The balcony had seats on it that could have been straight out of a junk yard ripped and dirty (see pic). The non balcony to my right had an empty wine bottle where someone had climbed out of their window and drank on the edge (see pic). Looking down (I just found this comical not really upsetting), one can see dozens of bras/underwear and some trash that were thrown down from the stories above. I did leave my room to have a small bite to eat and gamble a bit. I will say both my server at the Nascar Cafe and my Dealer were very friendly and helpful. The food at the Nascar Cafe left me feeling sick and wondering how it could have been delivered in 2 minutes (yes - 2 minute cheese sticks). I think they were left over from a cancelled order. I ate a few and left the rest. Finally, the checkout on the TV had a &quot;wireless keyboard&quot; to punch in your information such as your email for confimation of your checkout. It was sticky and I had to pound each letter several times to even get it to show once on the tv screen. I finally gave up, called the front desk, told them I was checking out and left my keys in the room. I had every intention of eating at their breakfast joint (I think it is called the Caravan Cafe maybe), but after looking into what looked like a sad conference room w/no windows where it was located, I left and went to Ihop across the street instead. The only benefit of this hotel was the fact you could be on a balcony high up (rare in Vegas at this price) and it was one of the last hotels on the North end of the strip which makes for a quick exit on your way to National Parks or Home. I would not stay here again. There is no need to deal w/the filth and disrepair when other places are newer and just as affordable.	
Oct 3 2009 	You get what you pay for ...not much.	The rooms, okay. The casino &amp; hotel, underwhelming. The pool, broken. The dinner buffet, sub par. The parking garage elevators, third world. Next time I'm staying off strip. The location really didn't make up for all the dissappointing features.	
Oct 2 2009 	Excellent budget hotel	I stayed at the Sahara Hotel and Casino from the 23 September to the 30 September with 6 other friends. I was a bit worried after all the awful reviews that it got, but we all thought that it was great for the money we paid. Rooms (the standard ones) were fine, clean, air conditioning worked, ok they are looking a bit tired but I didn't come to Las Vegas to sit and stare at the walls in my room. Staff were friendly, the casino was great. You can buy $1 hotdogs, $1 beer, $1 shots and play blackjack for $1 on any day.... how can you complain with that! It is a bit of a trek up to the other end of the strip where most of the action seems to take place but it just meant we got to walk off all the $1 beer and hotdogs we ate....definitely diet time now! All in all a great time had at the Sahara considering the price we paid!! PS: Grand Canyon tours with a company called Serenity was brilliant....and seemed to be the cheapest we could find!	
Oct 1 2009 	Good location and value for money	I stayed here nine days and felt it was a good hotel. As for the location, it was excellent, near the top of the strip, within a 15 walk of the Fashion Show Mall to the south or the Stratosphere to the north, and with easy access by car to the Interstate 15 highway (around a mile to the west). I don't understand how people can complain that the Sahara is far from everything! Don't you have legs for walking? And there's the Monorail station right next to the hotel, though it is expensive to use compared to the Deuce bus which runs down the Strip.As for cleanliness, it was fine. Alright, there were a few small stains on the carpet in the room, but the hotel is basically very clean. Of course, it would be cleaner still if management were to have sufficient courage to ban smoking everywhere, rather than simply think about how much money they'd like to make (banning smoking would lead to them making less money). Smoking is only allowed in the casino area, but customers walk everywhere with their cigarettes, even to areas where it's not permitted like near to the reception. Banning smoking would be the first step to turn around this hotel and the numerous complaints about it being dirty. The hotel is simply the reflection of the people staying there, after all!Room service was pretty good, and the bathroom was regularly cleaned daily. There was some mildew round the edge of the bath, but nothing to worry about.I don't know how much I paid for the room as I came on a package with flight included, but it can't have been much. The room was spacious. I'd say to potential customers not to be put off by the numerous fusspots posting to this site for whom nothing would be enough - you can't get a five-star hotel for a budget rate!	
Sep 25 2009 	Perfectly fine for the price.	Had I spent $100 a night on this hotel, I would be sorely disappointed. I am not sure what other folks paid, so I can't gauge their reviews. We spent $26 a night, and we were perfectly pleased with what we got for the price. The rooms could definitely use some work--they are by no means fancy. There was a small TV, wear and tear on the curtains, and small stains on the rugs. The room, however, did not smell, and there were no issues with air conditioning or bugs. We loved the $1 blackjack and $1 shots, and we had really good luck at the slots. It's great in that it is on the monorail, and it is one of the closest hotels to downtown if you have to take the bus or a cab. Lots to love about the Sahara, especially for only $26 a night! Pool was never crowded, so I never had an issue getting towels or a chair. Water was cold, though!If you're on a budget, and you don't need to stay somewhere fancy, I think this place is great. We spend 8 hours in our rooms in Vegas and that is to sleep, so we really don't want to stay anywhere expensive.	
Sep 23 2009 	The most aweful hotel I have ever stayed in. Never stay at the Sahara.	The only good part was that the monorail stops there for you to escape. The carpets were dirty and on top of the dirt (looks like 30 years worth) there were major stains. The bathrooms was mildewy, there were many cracked tiles, the sink was cracked, the faucet leaked from the sides of the handle all over the counter, the towels were dirty (one had mascara stains on it and all of them were grimy), the balcony had used teabags and croutons all over it, the desk was falling apart (old and made of particleboard which obviously had drinks spilled on it), the breakfast buffet had bland stale food... However the bedsheets were surprisingly clean, although the bed was saggy. We checked out after one night. It was nasty and on top of all that it was far from everything.	
Sep 22 2009 	Check-out was the best part	The highlight of our stay was an over 1 hour wait to get the keys to a filthy, smelly room only to have our calls to the front desk unanswered leaving us to have to wait in the line again to get a different room (didn't get a cleaner one mind you, just a different one). What a relaxing way to start a vacation.We then had the joy of experiencing nursing-home-style food at the buffet. That really got our taste buds happy to be on vacation.Socks on the floor under our shoes were damp in the morning - gross. My feet don't sweat, so the moisture was in the rug - wondering what the liquid was gave us something interesting to ponder while on vacation.The stay, while only 24 hours ended on a high note - Check out!! Our stay at this hotel made me really look forward to check out. Thank you for the interesting stay, the wonderment of &quot;what's next&quot; and the joy of checking out.Never again. Not even if they paid me.	
Sep 19 2009 	no way...	More than one hour to check-in. Dirty hall, very old room, staff ok. Far away from everything.	
Sep 18 2009 	Experience not to be repeated	It was recommended by friends who stayed there years ago and like it. The overall impression of this hotel is decay. It was obvious that it was once a place of elegance but is suffering from years of neglect due poor management and no upkeep.The place was dirty and unkemp. From the lobby through to the lifts and room was evidence of the need for some soap, water and disinfectant. The room which was in poor condition was actually an improvement on what was seen before despite dirty and stained carpet. We were happy to check-out. As for the pool which we had to pay $6 to use, after seeing the rooms and everything else we didn't even look for it.	
Sep 18 2009 	Don't Stay!	My Room had swamp coolers, no air. was sweating all night long. I called them to fix it and all they did was drain water from the air unit and left. Never will I stay at that dump. Also they have hidden charges that they didn't mention when i booked it. found out later when i got there.	
Sep 16 2009	DIRTY and worn out	We had booked a &quot;premium&quot; room for our 4 night stay. We had checked in around 9:30pm and were told that the premium non-smoking was not available. We were given a smoking &quot;deluxe&quot; room instead. My allergy symptoms were unbearable. Not to mention stains all over the carpet, dirty bathroom, and stale odor. Immediately the next morning we called the front desk and were switched to our original request. Not much better. The only reason they call it a premium room is because it is located in the updated tower and the room had better decor. Not impressed at all. You do get what you pay for though. Just was hoping for a descent room. The toilet ran all night and the tub would not drain. The bathroom was so full of mildew and scum everytime I tried to get ready in it my allergies acted up. Pay the extra money to stay in descent hotel.	
Sep 14 2009	What a Dump!	A large group of family and friends had gathered for my niece's 21st birthday, and since I knew I would be doing some entertaining, I had reserved a suite. My sister-in-law had selected the hotel because of the low rates (I would never have chosen this place). Just driving up to the place was evidence of the rundown area which was to be our stomping ground for the next 3 days. A cab ride to the better part of the strip will cost you about $20 - be prepared. Youl could take the tram, but you're looking at $15 round-trip there, as well. After waiting in line almost an hour to check in, we were given the keys to our suite. On the way, we passed the loung area next to the check-in area, and I was appalled to see a huge sectional that was so filtthy and run down, it looked as though someone had found it abandoned on the street and had brought it back to the hotel (not a good omen). Anyway, on to the room.... Upon first sight, the suite was large, with ample seating. However, the initial impression was immediately replaced with the reality: the room was over 80 degrees (with the air on full-blast), the telephone did not work, 2 of the lamps in the room did not work, the refrigerator in the bar did not work, the carpet was stained and filthy, and 3 of the pieces of furniture were torn and/or broken. I had to use my cell phone to call the front desk to report the non-functioning room phone, and was told an assistant manager would bring up a new one. After waiting almost another hour (in the hot room), a surly assistant manager showed up with a new phone (which also did not work), and made it very clear that he had no interest whatsoever in hearing about the list of unacceptable items in the room. He made some remark about the problems being technical in nature, and disappeared to &quot;see what he could do.&quot; There was never an &quot;I'm sorry&quot; for the inconvenience, or even the slightest hint that he gave one damn at all. Forty minutes later, a bellman showed up to move us to a different suite. We were taken to a different room in a different tower, and while the room was cleaner and in better condition that the last, the suite was quite a bit smaller. The asst. mgr. said it was the only suite available, a statement I later discovered was a bold-face lie. In the end, I had guests over to a much smaller room, some of whom actually had to sit on the carpeting. I should have been given a comparable room, or been upgraded. Instead, I was given less than I had reserved over a month before. My overall impression of the Sahara is that it is rundown, dirty, falling apart, and run by people who just don't give a damn. Hell will freeze over before I ever stay at this dump again!	
Sep 14 2009 	The Good The Bad The Ugly	The Good+ Cheap+ $1 beers+ Sixties Mania band in loungeThe Bad+ Broken lamps, appliances, fridge+ Smoke-filled casino w/ poor air filtration+ Bad location, not walkable to other strip destinations+ $14.99 + tax breakfast buffet+ Running toilet+ No individual climate control in two towers (request Tangiers tower)+ 30 minute wait to check in + $6 fee to use pool (whether you use the pool or not) + Motel quality bedding, towels, etc.The Ugly+ Patchy, stained, filthy carpet+ Torn upholstery+ Peeling paint and wallpaper+ Every upholstered surface needs steam-cleaning or replacement	
Sep 10 2009 	Labor day budget stay	It was either pay $90 for Best Western or $89 for Sahara so I picked Sahara of its location. It was towards the end of the strip, closer to old town. [Tower past the Sahara shop - 427]The rooms were old and small. The AC was on blast the whole time, but it still felt like 85 degrees. The TV is a small old 12 inch that you only see in old cooking shows. The ice machine on our floor was The pool was big, but filled with people and kinda musty...I do not recomment this hotel to anyone unless you are on a restricted budget and maybe only staying for business.	
Sep 10 2009 	EXCELLENT VALUE FOR MONEY CLEAN HELPFULL STAFF	Excellent value for money. Arrived late in evening waited about 10 mins to be registered and checked in. Room was clean and cool. Throughout our 7 night stay the staff were helpful especially Tony from reception. The room was always cleaned to the highest standards each day. Okay the Furniture might have been a bit worn but this was an excellent hotel for the price we paid. Would highly recommend anyone to stay. I was dreading staying here after reading the other reports and would advise anyone to ignor these as our experience was exceptional and i am not one to put up with dirty or unsuitable rooms or service.	
Sep 8 2009 	BED BUGS!	BEWARE! This hotel is full of the creepy-crawlers. We have stayed at the Sahara before but always upgraded to a suite, and have not had any problems, and usually I enjoy playing their poker tournaments and dining at the House of Lords. This time, however, we were only there for two days and arrived late and didn't think we would be in the room very much. We stayed in room 1426 and the bedbugs were in full infestation! My boyfriend went back to the room earlier than I did and there were so many that he felt them crawling on him and told me not to come back to the room! I had to stay with some family in a different hotel.  The next morning I called the Sahara on my way back from the other hotel to find out what to do about the bugs. I was told I could file a report. By the time I could get back up to the room, the room key did not work and the sheets had been stripped from the bed. The security lady who escorted me up to the room was terribly rude and even asked ME where the sheets went! Like I had taken them or something! Seriously, what person in their right mind would take infested bedding anywhere?  This whole fiasco would have not been so bad - and we could have just checked out and got a different hotel but I put my suitcase on the bed. EVERYTHING that I had brought with me including the suitcase got infested. There were bugs crawling in it! Usually bed bugs are microscopic, but these were of all sizes- The attached photos were taken from an iphone- and even with the limited resolution, the bugs are evident.  I ended up throwing out many clothes and a good portion of everything else I had in it my suitcase. I saw a few larger crawling bugs and some tiny tiny carcasses- so maybe they have bed bugs and some other type of bug too. I boiled a few of my clothes so I would have something to wear during my vacation. My swimsuits were ruined from the hot water and having to dry them. DO NOT STAY HERE!! Believe me, I did not enjoy spending a portion of my vacation decontaminating my belongings!  I notified the Southern Nevada Health District’s Environmental Health Division of the infestation and hope that nobody else has to deal with these creatures.	
Sep 8 2009 	Ready for the implosion	Grimy filthy carpets. Moldy bathrooms, Offensive smells, unhelpful bell captains/ concerge.Dean, Frank, Elvis all slept there, probably on the same sheets we did.	
Sep 4 2009 	The secret to a great time at the Sahara- and it won't cost much	The Sahara has many advantages. The weak link is the room selection so always ask to upgrade to the rooms in the Tangiers tower floors 25-27 and make sure your room has a flat screen so you know it is a newly remodeled room. The buffet is good but average so I'd eat there with a free buffet comp only and choose the Nascar cafe, Cravan cafe or Pacos if your paying.The reason I choose this casino is they have great food at the restaurants, good comps (even minimal gambling can earn free food, drinks or slot play) the pool is clean and big and rarely full, you can get the monorail right in the hotel, the shows are great (I saw the Platters, Coasters and was really impressed), free slot tournaments and prices were reasonable. For people on a budget there are $1.00 beer specials and $1.00 hot dogs as well as $1.00 Blackjack.Yes you can stay at a more modern and updated casino but then will you be able to afford to eat or drink there? My sister got great room prices at Mandalay Bay and had to walk to another hotel every day for breakfast because of prices.One last comment - the Sahara is a quick cab ride to downtown and right across from the Stratoshpere.	
Aug 30 2009 	Enjoyable overnight at the Sahara	I ended up at the Sahara at the last minute, upon discovering Excalibur booked up on a Sunday evening, and was pleasantly surprised by the overall value of the place. Bear in mind, my only requirements for a place on that particular evening was that it be somewhere on the Strip, relatively cheap, and close to a monorail station. The Sahara definitely exceeded my expectations for $35-40/night room. The location isn't great, but if you like the Strip hotels, the monorail station is right there to take you wherever you want to go. Time has caught up with the place a bit, and an overhaul wouldn't be the worst thing, but there is a lot of charm to the Sahara's old-Vegas feel. Most importantly, it was clean and I found the staff to be among the friendliest that I've experienced in Las Vegas, and infinitely more pleasant than their contemporaries in other gaming markets (Connecticut, Atlantic City, etc.).	
Aug 29 2009 	Get the deluxe room	After reading the mixed reviews on this site, I decided to spring for the extra $7 and selected a deluxe room. A good decision. As usual for LV, the room contains very little to keep you in the room and out of the casino, but it was a nice room, not worn out, tired, or dirty. I suspect that the complaints are from folks who went for the standard rooms in the oldest tower. (There are three towers and three classes of rooms: standard, deluxe, and premium.)	
Aug 23 2009 	Quite satisfactory if on a budget.	This was my second stay at the Sahara. The room was comped for three days, so it was a great deal. Did not have to wait too long in line to check in, it was a Tuesday afternoon. Not busy at all. I found the staff there to be kind and helpful. The room was a bit shabby, carpeting really needs to be replaced! Iron burns on the carpet, along with cigarette burns as well. The temperature was nice, air conditioning worked well, but was loud. We had a small balcony with table and chairs, a gorgeous view overlooking the pool. The downside was that we also overlooked the roof of another part of the hotel and the air conditioning units were very loud out there! Bathroom was clean and well appointed, but the tub drained slow. Beds were comfy, clean sheets, but I found a couple of bugs in the bed. (bed bugs?) None of us were bitten, however, so maybe not. The curtains needed cleaning, as did the windows. The casino was awesome! We played a lot there. Did not win big, but a couple hundred here and there. But it seemed like the winnings tapered off late night and early mornings. Buffet was average, only $8.99 with the players card. Had late night steak and eggs at one of the other restaurants and it was awesome, only $4.99! They get you with the drinks, though, $3.00 for coffee or soft drink. I did not have an opportunity to use the pool, but wished I could have. It's so beautiful! The monorail entrance is right in the casino and very convenient. I would suggest utilizing it to go to the south end of the strip. All in all, the Sahara needs improvement, but we enjoyed our stay and had a great time. I would suggest going there if you are not anal about cleanliness. Especially if it's free or at reduced rates.	
Aug 15 2009 	Needs a facelift but wasn't too bad	The Sahara obviously needs a facelift and refurb but I hear it is getting it - the sbe logo on the cool cocktail cups gave it away...lol. Anyway, the check in was fine, room was a bit shabby and needed a refurb but it suited us for what we needed. We were barely in the room so it didn't overly bother us. The pool area was pretty good, clean, spacious and not too busy. The casino was stinky but I think the smoking caused that. Location wise I wasn't totally happy. Although the monorail has a stop at the hotel and takes you right down to the MGM it was a bit out of the way for me and for this reason I would stay in another hotel if I went back to Vegas. We moved on to the Excalibur for an extra night and it was just as reasonably priced but much nearer the action.	
Aug 15 2009 	why all the negativity	i read all the revues on this hotel and weihed it up, on arrival we where booking in the desk clerk was mire than helpful and the process went smoothly it was late in the evening tired so had an early night room was on the 12th floor just cool, in the morning went to see desk clerk as room did not cool down enough this was sorted out straight away we wher given a room on 22nd floor this was perfect.yes the hotel is a bit tired looking but on the whole it was clean and all the staff that i had contact with where polite and friendly the only people that had any complaints where the loudmouth americans who seem to want the venitian style service from the sahara prices.the show that we went to see the platters was realy first rate, we did not eat a lot un the restaurants as we thought it was a little expencive and the food not very nice we ate at different places during our stay we would recommend doing this .	
Aug 12 2009 	Cheap Quality Old Stinky and Expensive in price!!!	The Sahara hotel and casino's room that we rented was extremely expensive for the poor quality of the ENTIRE PLACE. I have stayed at better rooms at little side of the road motels. The carpet looked very dirty, the bathroom door, bathroom ceeling had water damaged although painted over. the sink was leaking to the floor when you use it... we notice it while brushing our teeth, how disgusting. the shower curtain was too close to the wall, leaving very little room to shower. I guess they have not seen curved shower poles. the casino (same entrance to the hotel) was stinky, and not just of smoke but of poop. you can tell they had not change their carpet since they onpened the place. the elevator made weird noises, they were old. OVERALL, CHEAP IN QUALITY, EXPENSIVE IN PRICE, OLD AND NOT RECOMMENDED!!!	
Aug 3 2009 	you get what you pay for	We stayed at the Sahara on from March 22nd to March 26th. Yes I know the review is a long time coming. Sahara is on the Strip closer to Freemont Street and the old Strip. It is the oldest hotel on the strip now. It has seen its better days. Problem with Vegas hotels is that Sahara would be the best hotel where I live, but compared to the newer hotels in Vegas it just doesn't hold a candle. The Hotel is very dark and not well ventalated at all. All you smell is smoking. Compare that to the Bellagio you can't tell people are smoking. The rooms are old, and our first room smelled very bad. Our second room was better and newer but still very outdated. The gaming area was decent but try to find a waitress to bring you a drink. Oh yeah the the outfits looked like they were from the 1970s. 3 good solid restuarants however. Buffet is really good and cheap if you are players member $9.99. The &quot;diner&quot; not srue what the name is was good food, and cheap as well. My favorite place at Sahara was the Nascar area. Great theme restaurant, and features &quot;Speed&quot; the ride. This is a very intense roller coaster. Fast and Furious. Anyway not much more to say. We paid $24.50 per night, so you really can't complain because we were never in our room. I would however spend a little more money next time for a room upgrade at a newer hotel.	
Aug 3 2009 	Cheap - old - worn out!	We stayed at the Sahara for 3 nights. Our room was on the 20th floor, so the view was nice. But that was all that was nice. The room was old and worn out. The carpet was frayed and worn. The furniture was old. Not very nice at all. $12 per day for internet access!! What a joke.	
Jul 28 2009 	Viva Las	Very much enjoyed my FREE trip to Las Vegas this last June. A friend and I visited Sin City on Fords dime and stayed at the iconic Sahara hotel. The rooms were nothing to wirte home about, but who really spends anytime in the room anyway. The check in and check out were efficient and the staff on desk were acceptable.THE BELL DESK: Just as we were landing in Vegas our luggage was halfway to... San Fransisco. Other than being in my airplane attire for the first day (which sucked) the guys were great in getting the luggage to us (thier job, but done well)THE POOL: Is not very busy but is a good size and has great sun. THE ROLLAR COASTER: Lame but anything is worth doing once.THE BLACK JACK: If you're not much of a gambler and just looking to have some fun the dealers are nice and patient. Roulette too.THE BUFFET: Sucked. Go spend the same amount at another Strip hotel. Food at the Caravan was okay, prices good but the atmosphere felt a little run down and dreary.THE MONORAIL: There is a station right at you're front door and you can get almost anywhere on the strip. I saved hundreds of dollars on cab fare buying a 72hours pass. I took it to the MGM to go catch Ka' or walk across the street to get to New York New York and Excalibur. Took it right to Harrah's and then caught the free shuttle to Rio for some Chippendale action and pretty much anywhere else on the strip is easily accessible. Way convenient!!I wouldn't go back because I like variety but would recommend for those who like the price. If you can afford to go elsewhere, it's VEGAS! Do it up right.	
Jul 27 2009 	Nasty disgusting filthy hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Sahara for one short evening only. We booked a Wednesday-Saturday trip to Vegas and were scheduled to depart on Sunday at 12:45 AM. We stayed at The Wynn (amazing by the way) Wednesday, Thursday and Friday nights. We didn't want to spend the money to stay at the Wynn on Saturday because we were essentially leaving in the middle of the night so we booked a stay at the Sahara to pretty much have a place to store our bags for the last day. The room was super cheap--$50. When we checked in I was told that I owed the hotel an add'l $6 for an &quot;electric fee&quot;--what in the world is that?? My husband and I were immediately alarmed by the shady looking people walking around the hotel not to mention the crazy children running around unsupervised. When we got to our room, we found a dirty front door, filthy carpet with nasty stains and even a large iron burn. The furniture and lamps looked as if they hadn't been dusted in a month of Sundays. The sprinkler system had so much dust and hair build-up on it that it looked like it was growning a small fuzzy animal. We heard some strange noises coming up from the ceiling--sounded like something small running around. :( The bed looked older than me and the comforter was dirty. The bath tub was missing a nob and had major scum build-up. My husband and I laid towels on the bed before we felt comfortable sitting down. The red chairs in the room were soooo nasty that I wouldn't have sat in them for a million bucks. We checked in, changed our clothes, brushed our teeth and left to burn some time on the strip before our plane departure. We came back just in time to freshen-up and get the h#*l out of there! I was honestly surprised that our luggage hadn't been stolen when we returned to the room. During our &quot;stay&quot; at the Sahara, I did not shower (I think I would have felt dirtier), take off my shoes or lay on the bed. The hotel may be old and have a lot of history but it was so scary and disgusting that we didn't have a chance to look around. Take my advice and DON'T stay at this hotel!!	
Jul 25 2009 	Dump	Check in was fast and easy but despite we booked the Deluxe room we were given the standard one. The hall room smell terrible and the room was even worse: smelly and dirty. I will not stay here again.	
Jul 22 2009 	One night in Vegas!	Good hotel, cheap! Payed 30 dollar for a room per night which is the same as we had to pay in hostels in NYC and Chicago.. Very high up on the strip but it´s still walking distance! Nice pool too :)	
Jul 20 2009 	Sahara the worst hotel.	Room is very hot and it appears to be very old with some kind of smell in it. Not a good hotel for what you spend. There won't be any fridge or microwave oven. And the flush in the toilet won't work properly. And be prepared to stand in long queue to check in to the hotel.There will be lot of counters to check in but maximum of 6 people will help you in checking in but they are very slow.	
Jul 19 2009 	Hot Mess!!!	1st room had dirty towels on the bathroom floor, cigarette butts and dirty glasses. Asked for another room and that one was not much better. Carpet and furniture was so dirty I couldn't sit on it. Upstairs renter threw up and it landed on our balcony. Hair dryer was broke and when we went to the service desk was told there was nothing they could do. Don't even consider this hotel. I'm outta here asap.	
Jul 17 2009	GO ELSEWHERE OR YOU WILL REGRET IT!!	DO NOT STAY HERE!!! YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!Me and My dad decided to go to Las Vegas for the beginning of the Summer Break in the UK. Looked around and found the Sahara at a very resonable price and on the strip. Thats where the good stuff ends.BEWARE!! There is a hiddent charge to this hotel. $6 a day per room &quot;service charge&quot; for the pool. You have to pay this even if you dont go in it.The Hotel was dark and the carpets were dirty and tacky. There were stains on the carpets and the place had a general funny smell.Most of the Staff looked as if they were forced to work there and didnt seem to care about the customers at all.The safety deposit box is a joke, the staff said that when you needed to use the box they would finish what they were doing and come and help you. WRONG!! You end up waiting about 15-20 minutes to get your box.then to get told there is NO room service we arrived at 8.30pm wanted a drink and a snack to relax after a 16 hour flight to only get told if you want somthing goto the caravan cafe and get it to go MIKSTAKE!! see belowand then to find there is no breakfast buffet the House of lords grill and paco's we're closed most of the 2 weeks we were thereThe Caravan Cafe is the worst food i have ever eaten. We ate there 3 times (yup a glutton for punishment.) I have eaten at better roadside burger vansAll three times the service was slow and the food was awful. The Buffet isnt too bad but the selection is poor.The Rooms however are Ok. Resonable size and the beds were clean and the room was cleaned each day to a good standard and things were topped up each day. However one annoying thing with the rooms is that the room to be lit up has about 4 lamps that have to be turned on instead of one ceiling light.Also even though the Sahara is on the strip with the destruction of Westwood Ho, Stardust and The Frontier there is a huge void leaving the Sahara on its own so it feels dull. You are better off paying the extra and going to a hotel that is more central on the strip and will give you a better service.The best part of the hotel was checking out and leaving the dump behind	
Jul 13 2009 	Disappointing	We stayed on the 4th and 5th of July. Maybe poor timing. We booked ahead and when we checked in to the room there was a huge note stating &quot;$20 for second night&quot;. I called the front desk and asked for the reduced rate which they would not observe since we had pre-booked. I started to ask another question and they hung up on me. I understand the rule on pre-booking, but was disappointed in their service and appalled they would hang up on me. The hotel shows its age and is not well-kept. Loose, stained carpet, and our room had thick dust on all the floor ledges and corners. The day of the Fourth when we checked in they had only 3 assistants checking guests in and the line snaked out of the hotel. Also, poor planning. The coupons left in the room for hotel guests to their restaurants, etc. had all expired. If you can go elsewhere, I would suggest you do so.	
Jul 11 2009 	Cheap and on the strip!	One of the oldest hotels in the strip, therefore old fornitures and not shiny floors, but clean room, big beds and bathroom, and pool and everything else was fine. I could reccomend this hotel for an holiday with friends, or with girlfriend if she doesn't get bothered by some dust under the beds	
Jul 11 2009 	You get what you pay for	This hotel is fine so long as you remember what you're paying.We booked into this hotel for a 2-night stay in Las Vegas after seeing the $30 a night rates. We didn't expect much, but were happy with what we received.The rooms themselves were surprisingly spacious, though they certainly felt far from homely. We had a non-smoking room, though it had a very distantcly smoky aroma. The hotel itself has a casino, some restaurants and a pool but we didn't use any of them - why would you when there's much more fun places to explore down the Strip?The Sahara is at the North end of the strip, but it's quite a walk down to the Casinos you really want to see - there is a Monorail that takes you down the rest of the strip, but the Southern end Casinos don't make it easy to find.The Sahara is certainly nothing special, but it's great value for money. If I was in Vegas again, I'd probably choose to stay somewhere which wasn't quite so far from the action - but this will cost more	
Jul 8 2009 	AWFUL BUFFET GAVE ME THE RUNS	It was so bad that I left early, rather than stay a second night on the can. Watch out for that $8.99 buffet when you sign up for their club. I should have known it was bad when I asked the lady who was signing me up about the quality. Her answer was &quot;I don't know, I've never eaten there.&quot; Yeah right. You work there and bag lunch it every day. She was just doing her job, so I don't mind her. The &quot;shrimp&quot; were the size of your fingernail, and even that was mostly bread, the &quot;pizza&quot; looked and tasted like leftover Jeno's. The best thing they had there was their salad, and there wasn't anything to mention about that..You have to work really hard to mess up lettuce and sauce. Oh! The garage elevators were disgusting! Beer cans all in the lights, and missing panels. The hotel elevators were also a bit dirty.Also, look out for their &quot;service tax&quot;. Maybe I'm a rookie traveller, but I was expecting one price, then they threw $6/day for use of phone-gym and wireless. Even though I didn't need any of those services.It's a good price still, and the room was nice. The AC was a bit antiquated, but it kept the room cool. If you want to save money, then here's what you do. Stay there, play there, but eat ANYWHERE else, and you'll have a good stay.	
Jul 8 2009 	Good Choice if Traveling on a Budget!	I've stayed at the Sahara my last three visits to Vegas. By no means do I think it is one of the better hotels on the Strip, but the price of the rooms are unbeatable. For the Sahara, the old saying &quot;You get what you pay for&quot; is certainly true. For about $35/night, you'll have a very standard (but dated) hotel room and casino that offers all the regular entertainment plus VERY cheap ($1) blackjack tables... probably the cheapest on the Strip. The monorail has a stop at the Sahara, which is very convenient for getting around seeing as the hotel is situated on the far northern end of the strip away from all the action. I would recommend spending an extra $10 or so a night to upgrade to a deluxe or premium room in either the Alexandria tower or the Tangiers tower over a standard room in the older Tunis tower. The casino itself is smaller than most of the new mega-hotels, but I've actually come to appreciate that as it is very easy to navigate. It is old and smells smoky. The staff I encountered (aside from those at the Player's Club desk) was very friendly and helpful. Room service was great, food was good and very affordable compared to most Vegas hotels. The pool is simple, nothing glamorous, but usually it's not crowded. Overall, if you are looking for glitz and style, than the Sahara is probably not the right fit for you. But, if you don't mind an older hotel that can offer all the basics + some extras at a very bargain price - then I definitely suggest you give it a try.	
Jul 7 2009 	Do NOT stay at the Sahara! Customer Service is not a priority!	I booked the Sahara for my husband, daughter and me for one night while we waited for our flight home from a trip to the national parks. I took the opportunity to schedule dinner and a show as well. When we arrived the line to register was to the door! We waited in line for 60 minutes before we were able to register! We received no explanation and no apology. When I asked to see the manager I was told to wait over there, the manager would be right out. Yeah, right! One registration clerk spent over 45 minutes with a man who when solicited two women to take his window who were not next in line! The clerk did not object at all! By the way, we were 60 minutes late for our dinner reservations.The registration process is the first impression a hotel makes on a customer. As a result, I will never stay at the Sahara and advise my friends and family to stay away as well.	
Jul 4 2009 	great stay	We stayed at the Sahara in March as part of a package holiay and LA, grand Canyon and Las Veags. This hotel was at the top of the strip and it took about 20-30 mins to walk right into the middle of the strip. However I would use the metro and buy a long ticket as you really get your moneys worth. The rooms are ok ours was a basic room but we didn't go to vegas to stay in the hotel room! The pool is really nice and you have to go on the ride there which you can see whilst your sat by the pool. Would recommend this hotel and is great to get your head down in Vegas!	
Jun 21 2009	Super Place for a Great Value!	My sister and I went to Vegas for a quick 3 day trip. We didn't want to spend alot on a hotel but wanted a clean, safe place to stay. The Sahara was perfect for us. We arrived 2 hours before check-in but the friendly staff accomadated us and we were shown to our room immediately. The room did show some wear but it was clean, spacious and quiet. The beds were comfortable and the a/c worked great. We ate burgers in the bar and mine was one of the best I've ever eaten. The casino was much fun and the machines were much more friendly (Pay-Outs) than those on the strip. The Sahara is a ways up from the main action but with the monorail it is so easy to get around. If you are looking for a high luxury hotel with many fancy details, the Sahara probably is not for you. If you are like me and are looking for a clean, safe, friendly enviorment, than you will love the Sahara. I know that this is the only place I will stay when going to Vegas.	
Jun 21 2009 	wonderful experence	Family vacation so we booked 3 rooms total.Stayed in tangier tower only problem we faced was slow draining water and 2 lamps didnt work, other than that we were very satisfied and happy. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Cant wait for my next vegas vacation!!!!	
Jun 17 2009 	May have been grand once but not now	I was disappointed with the check-in (more than an hour), the room and the buffet. The hotel is a good deal but it is dated. I believe that it dates back to 1952 unfortunately, the property has not been maintained. The pool and the cafe called &quot;The Grind&quot; were the shining stars of the hotel. Also, the rollercaster did look like fun but I didn't try it.	
Jun 14 2009 	It is what it is....but not as bad as some of these reviews.	Put it in perspective - it is old, worn and could use a touch of updating. But, it's also a great way to do a vacation on a budget when you don't want to spend $150 or $200 a night. It was clean, the staff was friendly for the most part and at less than $30 a night, it's hard to beat. It is off the beaten path - if you rent a car or want to use the monorail, it's fine. If you want to walk, forget it. If you have a choice, stay in the Tangiers towers - a little newer than the Alexandria and not as dated. Unfortuntately, the previous reviewer is correct - the two nicer restaurants are closed through June due to the slowness of the economy. But, we had decent meals in both the Caravan Cafe and the NASCAR cafe. Now, if you are willing to spend more $, then there are better places to stay, but I figure Vegas is gonna take enough of my money, I might as well keep the rooms to a minimum.......heck, how much time are you going to spend in the room anyway? Oh, and one last thing - the pool here is very nice.	
Jun 9 2009 	Nastiest Hotel room I have ever experienced!!	I stayed at the Sahara for 3 nights on a full comp and had a balcony suite, 786 sq. feet.I waited for several hours to get into my suite, and spent the last 20 minutes in the filthy hallway waiting for the cleaning lady to finish my room.I first stepped into my &quot;Just Cleaned&quot; Suite at about 3:25 P.M. First the positives: the size of the suite was large at almost 800 sq. feet, and the view from my private 18th floor exterior balcony was great, day or night.Inside my &quot;just cleaned&quot; suite the conditions were shocking. Badly ripped and soiled carpets, left over cigarette butts put out and left on the balcony carpet, the tub had several large chunks taken out of it and you could see a black interior composition.I also killed two ticks in the bathroom, and I cleaned up the excess carmel corn left by the side of the bed from a visitor prior. My wet bar/sink combo was even dirtier. The side wall was splattered with something red, I honestly don't know if it was koolade or blood, and the vent up above was black with dust and grease, and the fawcet handles were 2 totally different badly mismatched handles.There were also several lightbulbs out and a toilet that would just barely flush. It never overflowed but I was scared to go #2 on my own toilet. Overall the Sahara needs badly new carpets, wallpaper, paint, fixtures, and furnishings from top to bottom.I spoke with my Casino Executive Host and he told me that the recession was really taking a toll on their restaurants as well. The 2 nice sit down restaurants at the Sahara are completely closed, The House of Lords steakhouse and Paco's the sit down mexican restaurant. Also, the 2nd floor buffet which I have eaten at several times is now closed for breakfast and closed for lunch from Monday-Friday, I know they only open up at 4:00 PM for dinner.Overall the Sahara is just old, dated, worn, and filthy and most of the people who still have their jobs have stopped caring about any details long ago. The Sahara needs a massive top to bottom remodel or sadly based on its long history, the wrecking ball!!I would also like to say that I am far from being picky or a neatfreak, but I felt that since I witnessed this firsthand, that I should inform any potential future guests. Thank You.	
Jun 8 2009 	Checked out after 2hrs	Was checked in to stay in a &quot;deluxe&quot; room for memorial weekend, but left after 2 hrs. I'm really not a very picky person, but I was completely disgusted by almost everything in this hotel. If your going on vacation where you'd rather not spend your time worrying about the sanitary conditions of your room or your food then the Sahara is not for you. Let me paint you a picture: The hallways on the room floors were hot and humid, like they weren't even running air to them. The room had stains or tears every 12 inches of space, even on the pillows, sheets, walls, lampshades and desks (which were also chipped and and very low to he ground). The carpet and wall paper were ratty and torn, and the curtains felt so old and crusty that they could almost crumble in your fingers. The AC unit didn't work at all and the smoke detectors were off colored and dirty and I just couldn't trust them to work. There were also small little what looked like pubic hairs left on our bathroom floor. Outlets were barely holding onto the wall and there was a piece of mysterious rusted hardware left in the bathroom. Health and safety hazards. The lobby, casino, restaurants and hallways were very dark and dinghy . Dark, old and cheap feelings were overwhelming. There were even gnat's flying around in one section of the casino. We got lunch at the hotel's cafe (only because we were absolutely starving from traveling so much earlier) while we tried to figure out how to handle the situation and was equally grossed out by the restaurant and food. They tried to sit us 8ft from a smelly overflowing trashcan outside the kitchen area even though the cafe was practically empty. The food was old and obviously came directly from a can... and was cold. Staff was slow moving and slow thinking, unmotivated and tired. I explained my great disappointment and concern to a manager who was visible upset that I had taken photos of the room, and tried to say that there was nothing he could do and there was no way he could refund my money but that he could put a &quot;request&quot; in to the accounting department to have my money refunded to the website I made the reservation with. A very long story short I ended up getting my money refunded before I left.In case your interested, I was not they only upset customer, just during my time in the lobby, 3 other people made complaints about there room conditions.  I felt pity for people who felt the price made it a bearable situation. The view from our room was nice of the mountains and it was connected to the monorail, but could never make it worth it. BEWARE OF THE SAHARA.	
Jun 8 2009 	Don't Do it!!!	The place is old and run down. Carpets are filthy and ripped, furniture is literally from the 50's &amp; scratched to [----]. Staff is unfriendly &amp; food at all the restaurants is unedible. Got crowded on the weekend with lots of college kids and internaltional travelers looking for a cheap place to stay. Don't stay here even on a comp.	
Jun 3 2009 	My bet is that a wrecking crew is on the way....	I have stayed at the Sahara for several years, and while it used to be OK and good value, I think it is time to look for another hotel.The carpets in the hotel everywhere are disgustingly dirty, and in definite need of replacement. Their are foul odors everywhere in the hotel, and no doubt the carpets are a big part of that problem.I stayed in a premier room in the Tangiers Tower. If this is the state of the premier rooms now, I can't imagine the how bad the standard rooms are. The furniture is badly marked up, the carpet is filthy, the windows haven't been cleaned in months. The tv's are small, and are very old. Their are no coffemakers in the rooms. The pool at the Sahara is probabely it's best remaining feature. It is very large and in pretty good shape. It is kept reasonabely clean.A big disappointment was the closing of two of the best restaurants here. The infamous steakhouse the House of Lords closed in the last few weeks. The Beatles ate here in the 60's. The food their used to be excellent and good value.They also closed the Mexican restaurant Paco's bar and grill.I still maintain that a wrecking crew is on it's way to the Sahara. It is quite a shame that it couldn't have been maintained better, because as one of the older hotels on the strip, their is a lot of nostalgia here.	
Jun 3 2009 	Needs major updating. Ducttape on carpet	The first thing I noticed coming in my room was duct tape on the carpet. No mini fridge, no coffe maker, no microwave, not even conditioner. Old carpet,small out of date tv. Thermestat out of date, had low med hi setting. No wifi and charge to use in room dsl line. No room service. The restaurants food was real bad, tasteless. Some of the delers were rude. One good point if your on a tight budget, $5 tables.	
Jun 2 2009 	This place has gone WAY down-hill	NO MORE ROOM SERVICE BECAUSE OF BUDGET CUTBACKS????????What kind of decent hotel, even Holiday Inn,... doesn't have room service??And a Las Vegas Strip casino hotel without room service???? What the [--]????I have been staying at Sahara for years on my business trips cause I've always found it &quot;homey&quot; as one of oldest left standing. There are pictures everywhere (esp in the diner) of the rat pack and Elivis and Pricilla .... this was THE place in the 50's.Untill recently, they kept the charm with renovations etc. But it was bout out by a corporate conglomerate who obviously doesn't give a crap about the emplyoyees or guests. I used to know folks there who had worked at Sahara for 40+ years. Most of them are gone now. Dealers, pit bosses, waitresses .... all goneMy room was crap .... I am a VIP there having stayed so many times. So I always get a balcony room. The carpet was satined and TORN /// like sections of carpet ripped out. The bed linnens were what you would expect at the WORST Motel 6. I sent laundry out to be done and it took 3 days!!!!!No more Sahara for me	
Jun 2 2009 	Value for Money	As one of the oldest originals the Sahara is not the flashiest hotel on the strip by a long shot, but it is excellent value for money.Its clean, the service is good and although a bit of hike from the Central/South strip area the monorail service is great.I'd give the Buffet a miss - not good., but the Caravan Cafe serves excellent breakfasts and evening meals. The mexican restaurant ' Pacos' offers fantastic food (in really huge portions). All in all I'd go back there and I'd recommend the Sahara to anyone, who'd rather spend their hard earned cash on the entertainments of Vegas, rather than a flashy hotel room.	
Jun 2 2009 	Fair price but with hidden fee + unprofessional services	I was glad finding a fair price room in Sahara on friday night. However, the hidden facility fee and a very unprofessional person changed my mind. First, no one in the front desk mention about the facility fee. Second, the person who answered my call around (10pm 6/1/2009) was rude and unprofessional. &quot;Every hotel charges hidden fee, even though you prepaid with hotel.com or any other agents.&quot; I stayed at Imperial Hotel 2 days ago, and it didn't has any hidden fee so may be is not &quot;every hotel&quot; after all.	
May 30 2009 	Nice hotel but to far from strip action	Have stayed at a number of hotels in vegas over my years of visiting. This hotel is a long way from the action on the strip. Got a double room for only £16 night, so very ggo value.hotel is ok room clean and big, with 2 beds Tv and clean bathroom.the pool area was pleasant with large pool.No free WIFI	
May 28 2009 	On the Strip but not in the Hubub	We recently returned from our trip to Vegas. We have been there before so we wanted to be on the strip but not in the hubub. The Sahara is perfect on the North end of the strip. The Monorail brings you right down the strip for any other sights you may want to see. The Sahara was very reasonably priced and comfortable. There were always plenty of tables and machines to play and they didn't jack the table minimums at peak times! It needs updating, we stayed in a &quot;Deluxe Room&quot;, that I have yet to figure out was the deluxe part was but it was clean and comfortable.	
May 27 2009 	A surprisingly nice stay - loved the Sunday brunch with champers	I was expecting the worst for my $29 or so, but this stay turned out to be really fun. My receptionist was pretty rude, but she did allow me to check in early. My room was old as expected and the elevators were ancient, but when my TV didn't work, the man came to fix it only moments after I reported it. Things just got better from there. I went downstairs to eat at the cafe. It had an all you can eat of one dish deal but I didn't like the look of it on the menu so I asked about the buffet. It was Sunday and they had a brunch for about $15 with all the champagne you can drink. This was a really good deal and polite staff too. The pool was lovely with lots of families with kids - singles too. No shallow area though for young kids, and the ground was hot. Overall I enjoyed this stay.	
May 26 2009 	The best value on the Strip	The Sahara is a great value for the money. The rooms are not spectacular but mine was clean and spacious. Since some surrounding casinos have been torn down, the Sahara is somewhat distant from other hotels, but it is connected to the monorail. The casino is fun and the dealers are friendly. The Sahara is a throwback to the Rat Pack days and is preferable to the newly built hotels which lack character. I have stayed at Sahara several times and have never had a bad experience. I have also stayed at many other Strip hotels and I keep coming back to Sahara.	
May 26 2009 	Where's the security !!!	Can't fault the value for money, room was fine for the money we paid, but the security was poor. The weekend of the 16th may seemed to have a huge influx of teens. Now I am no party pooper but why were these kids ( who appeared under age) allowed access to the tangier tower in the early hours. We had non stop door banging all night. If these kids were residents they would have had room keys. If the security desk was manned these kids would not have gained access to the tower. There were three guards at the check in desk but they were of no use there. I did complain but just got a strange look from the check in clerk when I pointed out where his security should be.	
May 22 2009 	Great stay Great Hotel for the Money	Yes definately an older hotel on the strip but for $24 a night I have no complaints at all.ROOM&gt;&gt;There was a stain on the carpet, looked like a spilled drink. Buy hey I have a few stains on my carpet at home too. Room was clean, bathroom was clean. Shampoos and soaps replenished every day. I used to work as a hotel housekeeper so I look closely in corners, behind tv's, under bed etc for areas that got 'missed' by housekeeping, but I was pleasantly surprised to find the room nicely cleaned. A/C could have been cooler but we closed the drapes and left a note for housekeeping to keep them closed after they cleaned which kept the room cool enough even for me. We had one king size bed, room was comfortable and roomy, bed was acceptable, just too hard for my taste.Ammenties&gt;&gt;&gt;We were on the 17th floor and our view was of the city, parking garage and mountains in the distance. I was in vagas though not looking to spend alot of time in the room staring out the window so this wasn't a problem for me. Pool and huge hot tub were nice with lots of nicer pool towels. Casino&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;We spent alot of time in their casino and we enjoyed it. Cocktail waitresses were prompt and pleasant and the bar tender at the bar were very friendly and made me some awesome rum punch cocktails! I am a non-smoker, and obviously the casino is smoking. Other than sitting right next to a smoker I would say that the smoke wasn't that bad, you knew it was there but it was acceptable. Get a players club card -- you earn cash and comps, so why not? CHECK IN&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Check-in will take you some time though, line is always long, and they always only have two people checking you in. I would say to expect 30 minute wait in line. Sahara Spirits is located at the end of the check-in line...get a bear or bottle water for the wait! The desk people were always pleasant. ANNOYING&gt;&gt;&gt;One annoying thing was the people trying to sell condos -- their desk is located just inside the lobby by the pool entrance. Everytime you walk through this area -- which is on the way to casino they would try to stop you. ugh!! HINT--walk up the ramp closer to the coffee shop to avoid them.Overall our experience at Sahara was completely positive. I am sure for another $100+ a night at another strip hotel we would have gotten a room refrigerator and the cleanest carpets in the world but that's just not practical for all of us. Enjoy your stay!PS... if you sign up for one of the Grand Canyon trips via bus/coach...be prepared for a long long bus ride and only a few hurried minutes at the canyon...do yourself a favor, rent a car and go on your own. Please!	
May 22 2009 	Good Hotel and Price and use the monorail its easy	I loved my stay here.yes its not the most glam hotel on the strip but with the monorail station onsite u cant lose and u are at the mgn grand in 12 mins (better than the deuce bus eh!!!)staff were friendly and helpful. pool area is nice, restaurants are fine, nascar cafe, caravan cafe etc, didnt bother with the buffet.room was ok and cleaned every day, tv/iron/wireless internet/two double beds/shower etc, for £15 quid a night !!!, u cant lose.bit dead in the evenings as u can tell hotels in the centre of the strip are more lively, but this is a gd hotel to come back to and crash etcwould and are going to stay here again as its so much value, im from the uk but have never seen so many USA tourists staying here, so it must be worth it.you have a denny's and a i-hop both a 5 min walk away, just walk towards the stratophere tower you will see them both, oh the stratosphere is only 5 mins away as well, so thats local.if u want my tip (walk to the peppermill for breakfast, thats the best in town), 10 min walk from hotel (peppermill is just past riveria hotel, opposite the mcdonalds, going back towards the centre of the strip.pharmacy just before this as well, if u get burnt etc or need anythingcatch the duece to go to freemont st (5min bus ride) so thats local tooall in all a no frills hotel that is clean/cheap and has easy access to centre of strip by monorail or bus etcwhy pay much more if you just want a place to crash out after wandering the strip etcif ur here to gamble, the poker tournaments are quite popular, and u can normally get a seat here or at the craps/blackjack etc, casino never seemed that busy, although I wasnt their to gamble so this suited us.u want a more crowded/better atmos casino, then i would gamble at another hotel to be honest.	
May 20 2009 	Will NEVER stay there again I don't care how cheap it is.	I have never reviewed anywhere I have stayed before, mostly because I'm not all that picky, and pretty easy to please, but I had such a terrible experience here I felt like I should warn others. I come to Vegas a few times a year, and have stayed at hotels all over the strip. We decided to stay here because they had some outstanding prices, and even though it's an older hotel, I figured &quot;how bad can it be, it's on the strip in VEGAS. We got an early check-in, which was pretty much the only nice thing at this hotel. When I walked in the room, I was instantly disgusted. There were HUGE stains all over the carpet and it was in pretty bad condition through out, old and pretty worn out. I pulled back the top comforter to reveal a large brown &quot;fresh&quot; stain on the middle blanket. I immediately called down to the front desk to request a different room, but every time I called I got a busy tone. I called the operator, who transferred me to the front desk and the phone just rang and rang. I walked down to the lobby to find 30+ people in line, with 2 reps. at the front desk. I decided to try back later but found the same thing everytime I called or went to the lobby. I gave up and decided to just tough it out and enjoy my trip. We went to the casino, and sat down at the slots, after about an hour of slot play, we still had not seen a single cocktail waitress, so I got up and went searching for one, I finally tracked one down on opposite side of the casino floor, and she told me she would have to &quot;hit me up next time&quot; and of course she never came by. We headed over to the bar to get some service, and I put a $5 dollar bill in a machine and ordered a drink, the bar tender informed me I had to put in at least a $10 for him to give me a &quot;free drink&quot;. I informed him I just spent over $200 in the slots with no service, he shrugged his shoulders and walked away. Needless to say, not another penny was spent in that casino. Our next fiasco was at the pool, we had reserved a cabana at the pool ( i was there with a group of ladie's for my bachelorette party) When we went to check in for our cabana we told they were having a private party and would not be renting out cabanas. Why the heck wouldnt they have told me that earlier? We found a spot at the very crowded noisy pool, and after about a hour and a half, they announced the pool would be closing in 30 min for a special engagement and everyone would have to leave. I was just disgusted with the terrible customer service provided at this dump. I wrote a letter to management about my stay, and of course this to was ignored. Please take my advice and shell out a little more for a better hotel.	
May 13 2009 	Good deal	I didn't actually stay here but spent a fair amount of my visit gambling here. It's not big and fancy like the Wynn, Paris, etc, but it certainly is a comfortable atmosphere. The dealers are friendly, they have $3 &amp; $5 tables which are hard to find, the slots pay better than other places, and there is a decent sports bar type area. They have a $8.99 buffet but it's pretty generic.I understand next month (June 09) they are discounting rooms to $26, having $1 tables, $1 shots, and some other promos to get more bookings. You'll be able to get a suite for $59. Granted, the rooms may be in need of some updating, but who spends much time in the room when in Vegas?	
May 13 2009 	2 Night stay with Newmarket travel Group	HIWe stayed at this hotel for 2 nights 5-6 May 2009. Having read the reviews before leaving we had mixed feelings of what was in store for our visit. The outside of the Hotel as a Moorish feel to it like being in Tunisia. When you enter the hotel at the rear off the coach the first thing that strikes you is how dark and unwelcoming it is, carpets are worn and it reminded me of entering an old betting shop. The room was ok but like other reviews have stated very worn. The room had 2 double beds , colour TV No coffee maker or fridge. The bathroom was OK with adequate towels and Gels. The Pool area was nice with a good choice of varied music to suit most tastes. There is a pool bar to the left hand side and tou can fill your water bottles at the 2 Urns next to the bar. Drink prices were ok but cocktails around 9 dollars a bit pricey. You can buy drinks from the shop just inside from the pool area cheaper (Take Note). The main Buffet was OK with a good variety of food and if you join the free membersip rewards club you can have the buffet for half price around 8 dollars. The Caravan restaurant is good for breakfast again around 9 dollars for a full breakfast with toast 3 dollars more for coffee.Beware of the fist restaurant as you come in from the coach entrance between the gift shops opposit e check in desk, it is i think expensive.The Monorail runs from here 13 dollars for a 24hr all day pass every 6 minutes, a very efficient service but bear in mind you will need to walk at least 800yds from your arrival point to get to where you want to go so if walking is a problem get a taxi and ask them to go off the strip if it is busy as this will reduce the cost. It will be around 15 dollars in a taxi to the centre if they go off the strip or 30 dollars if it is busy on the strip.Overall the hotel is OK a few of our fellow travellers got flooded out with sewage whilst we were there and had to move rooms. It would not be a hotel i would choose to go back to but the pool area was nice. The rep is advising Newmarket to change from this hotel next year but i have tried to give a balanced view of how i saw things.Hello to all on our trip between 24April and 7May starting in SanFrancisco.Dave and Diane	
May 7 2009 	SAHARA!	I attended the SEMA show at the Las Vegas convention center about two and a half years ago with my father and we stayed here for two nights. This was my second trip to Las Vegas and one of my first experiences with a Vegas style hotel (my first visit was only a day trip). Initially, my father had booked us for the whole trip at the &quot;Tropicana&quot; but after realizing how far it was from the convention center we checked into here after one night.First off, I have to say that this has got to be one of your best choices if you're concerned about proximity to the convention center. It's pretty close and has it's own monorail stop that can get you there or anywhere else on the strip. I believe they do have updated rooms (though from the pictures I've seen they are unimpressive) but ours was a standard and had two queen beds. The decor and furnishings of the room were definitely a little outdated. The beds were the same that you'd probably find in an economy hotel anywhere else and the room was also equipped with a 19&quot; tube television with limited channels. Our view consisted mainly of a parking lot and the monorail station but we could also make out the &quot;Stratosphere&quot; in the distance. I'd imagine if you book there lowest rate on a travel site they would put you in one of these rooms.We tried a couple of their restaurants during our stay with the first being the &quot;NASCAR Cafe&quot;. I'd compare this to an &quot;Applebees&quot; or &quot;T.G.I. Fridays&quot;. Typical sports bar atmosphere and food. If you're a fan of &quot;NASCAR&quot; you may be impressed by all of the memorabilia and the full sized race car replica hanging from the ceiling. It really was okay and I've been back on another trip (though did not stay at the hotel, that time.) We also ate at &quot;Paco's Bar and Grill&quot; which I believe is only open for dinner. This restaurant is located off the casino floor in a much nicer room than the &quot;NASCAR Cafe&quot;. There really wasn't anything special or out of the ordinary here... it was pretty much a Mexican style sports bar. I'd compare it to &quot;Chevy's&quot; or &quot;Garcias&quot;. Going back to something I mentioned earlier... the &quot;Sahara&quot;, much like other lower level hotels on the strip, offers only very limited cable channels. We didn't even get ESPN and were looking forward to catching the first game of our teams 06/07 NBA season. We decided to watch the game in their tiny sports book, which wasn't a problem at first as it was mostly deserted and had comfortable chairs. About halfway through the game the guy managing the sports book told us he had to change all of the TV's to a particular channel according to their policy. Apparently they do it every weeknight around 10 PM or so. It seemed a little ridiculous, considering my father and I were the only ones even in the sports book at this point... but we went back to &quot;Paco's Bar and Grill&quot; and finished the game in there. To be honest, I'd probably rate this hotel as being at least as nice as it's direct competitors (Circus Circus, Riviera, etc) but it's just too far. If you stay here, you should really plan on a lot of walking... and even then, you're in for a real hike if you want to go any further than the &quot;Riviera&quot;. Those standard rooms do go for super cheap, though, so don't be too afraid to book it if you find a good deal. I'd suggest you utilize either the monorail or the Deuce bus if you stay here.	
May 5 2009 	Good quality and great value	This is a fairly old hotel by Vegas standards, and is a little lost on one end of the 'Strip', being about 10 minutes walk from the centre (NB this is not the centre of the city, that is somewhere a little more distant, a place known as 'downtown'). Alternatively the monorail stops right outside. The rooms are a little worn, but large, clean and comfortable. There are shops within about 5 minutes where you can get basic provisions (including my favourite US shop Walgreens where you can get everything). There are coffee shops and various eatieries in the casino, but I didn't try them. The service at the front desk checking in can be a bit slow, but you can check out in the room, so that is quick. I would recommend this hotel, although not if you are desperate to be right in the centre of the action.	
May 2 2009 	Subdued Nostalgia on a Dime	This stay was my and my husband's second time at the Sahara. It's one of the last old-school hotels in Vegas - the rooms do require touch-ups, but if you're looking for a clean room, good gaming and friendly service at an excellent price, then you'll appreciate it here. Management should replace the televisions in the rooms, and the mattress could have stood to be more firm for our preferences. The dinner buffet is economical, but it's certainly not great quality fare - better to head out to the multitude of fabulous restaurants in the city. Excellent location from which to explore the South Strip, Fremont Street, and the Fashion Outlet Malls with the Monorail and the Deuce at the doorsteps. Caravan Cafe offers a good breakfast menu in a 60s diner atmosphere. Wait staff were professional and friendly. My husband and I would certainly stay here again. After the lights and action of Vegas, it's relaxing to come back to a subdued atmosphere - and one that allows us to come in well under budget.	
May 2 2009 	used to be a nice place to stay not so much anymore	we have stayed at this hotel many times in the past. This time it will be our last time. It's a cheap hotel if that is what you are looking for. Our room wasnt ready at 3 like they say that they will be. We had to sit and wait for 2 hours for a room ----couldn't have been that full we came in on a sunday night. The room they gave us &quot;deluxe&quot; the furniture was all scratched, the bed had a huge sunken body mark on the one side. Outside our door on the dirty carpeted floor was a life saver , we thought we would see how long that life saver would be there....yeah, was still there when we left 3 days later. Not a clean hotel AT ALL.But we never complained......until....the last night we went to the buffet to eat and the cashier hassled me because my players card wouldnt scan and I didnt have my purse with me to show her my ID for a $8.99 buffet. WOW do you really think I'm trying to rip you off an $8.99 buffet. She said that I needed to go back to my room and get my ID. I said well, I will just have my players card redone...so we got the players card rescanned and then went to the manager (whom was very nice) ended up with a free buffet.	
May 1 2009 	Awful tacky seedy with unhelpful staff	The Sahara Hotel &amp; Casino is massive and utterly tasteless. It is located at the eastern end of The Strip opposite ‘Stratosphere’ and consists of a large hotel, casino with restaurants and an outside pool area.Overall the building is reasonably well kept and the rooms were of a good size and clean, although not to my taste. The casino area is seedy and vulgar and full of old people. We only visited the Mexican restaurants in the hotel and the food was relatively good.Check in was very inefficient. The que was very long and when we got to desk the member of staff we dealt with, although very friendly, was very stupid and had trouble with the most basic of tasks and questions.The pool area was okay, there we’re lots of tables and sun beds and shady areas to sit. Staff at the café were very rude and continued their personal conversation while serving us. The information desk had no information and we’re utterly useless in helping us plan our evening on The Strip.The crowd at the Sahara is an odd mix. There are lots of older people and quite a few people I wouldn’t like spend much time with. Parking was on site for which they added a $6 ‘amenities charge’. The location is okay, I would advice getting a taxi or driving on a night out, walking to The Venetian took about 45 minutes and watch out for the pimps and club ‘VIP’ pass pushers. Over all it was fine as a place to sleep. I would not rush back, the hotel was vulgar and depressing with a very cheap feel.	
Apr 29 2009 	GOOD STAY	Just returned from Las Vegas.Had no problems with the room or staff never felt unsafe at night when walking back.We liked the idea that it was a little away from th push &amp; shove of the strip at night. Swimming pool &amp; area was really nice.	
Apr 28 2009 	harassed at 1:00 am	Shortly after 9:00 pm my 4 year old son sat at the table, placed his arms on it &amp; the top came off striking his forehead. Sahara's Security wrote up a report etc. The busted table wasn't replaced, removed, nor were we asked if we wanted a different room. 1:00 am the desk calls, tells me there are two officers outside my door to remove the table. I tell the clerk my wife, my son and I are in bed asleep and have been for over two hours. The clerk on the phone said &quot;You have to let them in.&quot; Now my wife in her night clothes is waiting in the bathroom for this demeaning harassment to be over with.For some reason it seems alright to them for someone at this establishment to make a call like that. When I went down stairs and ask to speak with with management. The reply was none are here at this hour. (To call and wake a manager up at this hour is out of the question). Security acted as if this was common place at this establishment. Instead of a good night sleep( that I paid for) all i have gotten out of my stay here, is a son with a knot just above his eyebrow,a wife who has to hide from two unwanted men in our room, and me at 2:00 am, livid unable to rest for 16 hr drive ahead of me. To add insult to it all they act as if I'm the one in the wrong for protesting their actions. Guess when you rent a room at the Sahara, you are not entitled to sleep, privacy, descent treatment by staff , or any other right one would think would fall under renting a space (room). Did i mention if you file an accident report at 9:20pm someone sends security officers to your room to harass you and disrupt your sleep at 1:00 am. What a way to conduct yourselves and handle problems.	
Apr 25 2009 	NICE ROOM	Friendly at the front desk, tables and various employees, room was large and clean. nice hot water for the shower.	
Apr 24 2009 	A great budget hotel on the strip	We stayed at the Sahara after finding a great last minute flight and hotel deal on expedia.co.uk. I’ve been to Vegas before so knew about the location being slightly seedier down that end of the strip. I must admit a couple of times walking to and from the Deuce bus stop I felt a little uneasy, especially after dark, because it’s very quiet that end of the strip and we were asked for change a couple times. We had absolutely no complaints with our hotel room, it was very old and had a few stains but nothing that bothered us, and we were so tired at the end of the day anyway! One thing we absolutely hated was the pool. They had a terrible sound system and played very loud, banging music constantly which meant you couldn’t relax or read a book because the bass just gave you a headache. If it hadn’t been for the music the pool would have been fine, a nice place to unwind and soak up the sun. We didn’t do any gambling so I can’t comment on that, but we did try the buffet, which was great. Cheap and lots of choice and it all tasted lovely. It was also great having a coffee shop at the bottom of the elevators to get our breakfast from, and an off licence to get beers for the room. If you’re on a budget and want a hotel on the strip I wouldn’t discourage staying here, it’s so easy to hop on the Deuce (every 10 mins and $15 for a 3 day pass) to get to the main action.	
Apr 23 2009 	Good hotel cheap rates but needs a refit	This hotel is not as bad as other reviews here make it out to be. Sure, if you're looking for a new casino with all the bells and whistles, this is not the place for you - it is an old set of buildings and it shows. However, I was here for a conference and as a hotel it was pretty suitable.Check-in was quick and easy, but then again I checked in during the late evening - in the afternoons I saw very long lines of people waiting to check in, and very few attendants to check them in. The room was good - I stayed in the Tunis Tower on the 25th floor, and had an ok view towards the Wynn and the Circus Circus. The room was large and clean, the beds were comfortable and well-made, and the bathroom was clean and well-equipped. The room service personnel were friendly and very helpful - they even asked me on several days at what time I would like my room cleaned, and they actually showed up at the agreed times.The interior of the casino is, however, lacking; the place could have done with more stores selling food and drinks - instead, you get a well-equipped liquor store where water is extremely expensive. The sit-down cafe diner could have done with lower prices and a more attractive decor - dark brown is just not on. The casino floor staff, especially some of the barmen on the main floor, seemed to treat customers as though they were annoyances rather than paying customers...all they seemed to be waiting for was the tip.The internet was expensive and there was only a pay-per-day option, no pay-per-week option available. And I did not like the 'compulsory' daily facilities charge which the hotel adds to your bill at the end of your stay - this is supposed to cover the use of facilities such as the pool, but I was there in March, so the pool was never used because it was too cold outside. Furthermore, the facilities were not well-maintained - the ice machine on my floor was broken all week, and the drinks vending machine ate my money!	
Apr 14 2009 	You aren't affriad to sit on the bed but you awake ready to get out of the room	My husband and I stayed at the Sahara located on the far end of the strip at the beginning of April. We won the stay and so I probably was less dissastified because it didnt cost me anything to stay there.we actually stayed in the most recently constructed part of the hotel and while I wasn&quot;t affraid to sleep in the bedsheets, you awoke every morning eager to leave the drab hotel rrom and smokey casino lobby. Okay you expect smoke in casino's but the Sahara is by far one of the more smokey facilities....due in part to the hotel being older and the ceiling being low and ventilation system being antiquated. All that being said, the hotel was suitable, not bad, not good...it has a few restaurants, an all night cafe (its worth the $$$ to wait til 1am to eat as the twilight specials are half the menu price) a casino and bar with shows etc. It was okay. I could appreciate the security guard positioned outside the elevators to go upstairs...(although he did not check for room keys the entire time I was there, but the appearance of safety was better than nothing)The valet was speedy, the self parking was quick and easy, the bell service was efficient, and there is a rail station at the hotel (you will not want to walk to the central stip from this hotel) but this hotel is a glimpse of borderline &quot;seedy&quot; Vegas... you will not be wowed by much, but you wont get bed bugs either. If you are on a budget I would recommend, if you can afford better then upgrade to another hotel.One regret...I did not get to ride the roller coaster.	
Apr 14 2009 	If you want a cheap place to stay in Vegas stay here...	My husband and I stayed there for two nights while we were looking for jobs. For $20.00 a night you can't expect much. The check in line is always 50 deep but goes quickly. The room is really dirty and don't take your shoes off while in your room because the carpet is so disgusting. The overall room cleanliness is horrible, stains everywhere from the furniture to the carpet. My husband and I felt uncomfortable to sleep in the room. We only were in the room to sleep and left right away for the day. Don't expect to hangout in your room, but in Vegas I don't know why you would anyways. The staff seems fine they weren't overly friendly but not rude. If you check in late you will get two doubles b/c they don't have enough kings. They won't tell you at check in you have two doubles unless you ask. If you want a cheap place to stay on the strip stay here. You have to take the monorail to other hotels because it is pretty far to walk but the monrail is at the hotel so you can jump right on. If it is your first time to Vegas I don't recommend this hotel.	
Apr 10 2009 	A great place with low prices	My boyfriend &amp; I took a trip to Vegas and stayed from 2/22 - 2/27 at the Sahara. We couldn't have been happier with the room. It was clean with a great view. The housekeepers didn't bother us at all and it gave us everything we needed. The only problem we had was we requested a King and they gave us 2 doubles but they did offer us to move the next day to a King room. We just decided to stay there and throw our luggage on the other bed. Very pleased and I would stay here again for sure!	
Apr 2 2009 	Sahara reviews all the rest are Moaners	Just back from a week in the Sahara hotel with my wife... read the rewiews before we went and thought it can`t be that bad a place or it wouldnt be still in business. Got there and found the staff great well apart from the security (but that a different matter), hotel is abit dated but for one of the first hotels on the strip Ive stayed in alot worse hotels before that should be closed down under health and safety. the food was ok some good prices, the menus could be doing with being up dated in some of the food courts, room was big the balcony was old and ran down but its vegas so who in there right mind is going to spend all there time out there?????Casino staff were brill, Vegas Vahan Is MR VEGAS, this Hotel is old but it has the best staff in vegas and it takes time for updating a Business. Over all I and my Wife plan on going back here again soon and with our kids and some more family members. See you soon Sahara and Vegas Vahan.	
Apr 2 2009 	Great place for people on a budget	I chose this hotel because it was the cheapest at $32/night for my 7 day stay. I wasn't expecting much because of the low price and it lived up to it's expectations. It was a clean room but there were ALOT of stains of the floors and even the lampshades (gross). When you get off the elevator the entire floor smelled like an old moldy house. But that being said I was only there at night to sleep. They are the last stop on the monorail, which was nice because there is a lot to see at every hotel on the monorail. I couldn't believe the check in lines. For my entire stay every time I walked past the check in area there was at least 10 people in line. The staff was friendly, I never had a problem with anyone. The mexican restaurant was absolutely delicious. I never went to the buffet because it's the cheapest on the strip at $8. In the end I would definitely not stay here again or recommend it to anyone.	
Apr 1 2009	Nice stay at the Sahara	We stayed here for 5 days. We found our stay to be excellent. Its quite a distance from the main action in the middle of the strip but you can catch the bus outside for $3 one way or get an all day pass for $7 we found this the cheapest option as the monrail was $5 one way (its really not that far and not worth that much!!). The elvators we found to be fine and werent too slow. Our room was very big and spacious and the bathroom was very nice so we have no complaints about our room.We had a few meals in one of the restaurants and it was good value.The only negative would be how far away it is from the main hotels. I would stay here again if i couldnt find anything for roughly the same price closer to the middle of the strip.	
Mar 31 2009 	Bed Bugs	I don't like to bad mouth any resort but I have to at least tell you of this experience. My mom and her husband stayed here in Feb. 2009, they both came home with bed bug bites. My mom is a nurse and the ER Dr gave her antibiotics for hers. The worst part was when she told the manager about it, he offered her complimentary rooms! Needless to say she didn't take him up on it, why would she? We called the health department and they investigated, they said they didn't find any but did say the mattress was stained and needed replaced. I've stayed in a lot of LV hotels and there's no need to stay at one that's infested. I included pictures, she had some on her face but I left that picture out for privacy reasons.	
Mar 31 2009 	Good but old	The first room we were given was very average with a view of the car park, we asked for a different room and we were moved to a bigger (it was enormous) room with a balcony with a pretty good view for not much more just because it was vacant. The staff were personal &amp; extremely friendly. We booked in for 2 nights but ended up staying 5. It is very convenient to the monorail which can get you up to the middle of the strip very cheap. The room service was great &amp; my husband says the poker room was really good. Not as flash as some of the hotels but the atmosphere is easy going and fun unlike some of the real flash ones. Would definately revistit.	
Mar 30 2009 	Not Worth It	My fiancé and I stayed at the Sahara over the weekend for a wedding. It seemed to be the best deal on the strip at $90/night for a &quot;premium&quot; room. But I guess that should have raised a red flag.When we first got in the room, it seemed decent. It was quite warn, smelt old, and looked like it needed a remodel. It was also really hot on the entire floor. But I had seen worse. It was a non-smoking room with a king bed, just as we had requested. Seemed good enough.The next day, as we dressed for the wedding, I caught a cockroach running across the floor. Not acceptable. Even though it was a single bug, you know that's not the kind that travels alone. Not in a place like that.On our way to the wedding, we stopped at the front-desk to complain. The clerk gave us a bit of attitude, though she said they would switch our room. We told her we had a wedding to get to, so she said to just come back and they would switch us. Okay...Came back exhausted to change clothes, so we thought we would just call the front-desk to speed along the process, since there was a huge line forming there now. Should have been easy, but we could barely get anyone on the phone! Either we got a busy signal, or it just rang and rang. After 10 minutes, my finace called the bellhop. They answered immediately, and even told us just to skip the line and go straight to a window at the desk to request the new room.After finally getting the keys for the new room, we called the bellhop back, and he came in less than 5 minutes to move us. Though when we entered room #2, we realized that it was not a premium room, and that it also had two full sized beds, instead of a king. This room was also extremely warn, much worse than the first one.We attempted to call the desk, but realized that would not get us anywhere again. It just rang this time, so I assumed they were ignoring us at this point. Down we went to the desk.We explained our issues all over again. The only thing the clerk responded with was, &quot;Oh, that wasn't a roach, that was just a water bug... we have those here!&quot; That remark made me quite livid, though luckily my fiancé quickly said, &quot;Look, we just need you guys to make this right.&quot; Out came the manager.Once again, we explained our issues. He managed to at least look concerned and upset about the situation, though he made excuses about the number of available rooms. My fiancé said again that he just wanted it made right somehow. So the manager claimed he understood, and then disappeared into the back room for about 5 minutes. He came back saying he would reduce our rate down to $35/night, and that he was looking for another room for us. 10 minutes after that, they apparently found one.Room number 3 was similar to our first one, but not quite as nice. Though at this point, we were done playing musical rooms. It was apparent that at the Sahara, you weren't going to get any better.Overall, both the cleanliness and the customer service needs a complete overhaul. The place looks and smells dingy. There was spilt ice cream in the hall at one point, and it took at least a day before the packaging for it was even picked up (it was still melted into the carpet). I assume their care for the rooms must be the same. And the fact that most of the staff just shrugs away complaints, or even argues with you about them is extremely frustrating. I worked in customer service for 5 years... you just don't respond that way!I appreciate that the manager did attempt to make it right for all of our troubles, but in the end, it was not worth it. I would much rather pay a bit more elsewhere and not have to deal with such a disgusting atmosphere. I can't see this place surviving much longer, especially considering all of the negative reviews that sound similar to this one.	
Mar 21 2009 	Just for sleeping and a shower	Spent four days in Vegas with my wife at the Sahara. Read all the lovely reviews after my wife had booked the hotel. Everything from bedbugs to wild orgies are in there. The place is pretty rough around the edges. Get to the elevators early if you are going downstairs in the morning, get a room as high up as you can, they are less worn out and dont smell as bad, Sleep there, take a shower, and get the hell out! Do your self and your loved one a favor and save a little more money so you dont have to stay here. It is not on the strip. It is at the north end and it takes about forty minutes to walk to the action. Personally I feel the ownership is waiting for the right offer to come along before its blown up. It obviously has not had any money reinvested in it in a very long time. Dont fall for the last of the rat pack hotels deal, Vegas has moved on and so should the people who visit there.	
Mar 15 2009 	Last minute trip	I had to go on a last minute trip and searched online for a good hotel deal. i found the Sahara for $35 a night and booked it. The hotel is on the strip a bit up north from the main busy section of the strip but Vegas has tons of free parking so it doesn't really matter where you are unless you want to fall around drunk all weekend, in which case I'd suggest a taxi anyways.The Sahara staff was very friendly and accommodating. Room service was quick and tasted good, loved the deserts! ;-) Only thing I did not like was the old school comforters, these make the rooms look very tacky and my problems with connecting to the internet, which however were resolved by (after every wireless attempt failed) an engineer replacing my ethernet cable in the room. No wireless but they handled it the best and quickest way they could - so thumps up for that!Other than that I only came, slept, ate and surfed the internet....no time for fun but good for business.	
Mar 13 2009 	We Love The Sahara	For the price I thought this Hotel/Casino was great. It's one of the few older Vegas hotels still in existance, and I like the history of the place. This was my third stay at the Sahara and the staff have always been very helpful, advising us on where to go, but you find that most places in USA. Great view from the 22nd floor, and close to the great stratosphere tower restaurant.	
Mar 12 2009 	If you're old and grey this is the place to stay.	Age:25-29.Went to Vegas for a time share presentation (Tahiti Village) and the Sahara was our choice of hotel for our comp. 3 night stay. We chose this hotel primarily for the Monorail. While the Monorail was very quick and uncrowded it was a little difficult to get to any of the stations because they are all off the strip. We did try the buses a couple of times (cheaper), and they were jammed packed at any hour.The Hotel was just plain old, kinda reminds me of the casino in the movie swingers... After reading the reviews on line, I was a little terrified of what our room would be like. It was on the 10th floor over looking the mountains and the sunrise with a great view of all the aircraft coming and going. Over all it was clean, only a few hairs on the sheets...lol VERY dated, the cheap Wooden furniture was very old, kinda looks like something you find at a garage sale. Everything worked, the bathroom did have a little stinch to it(i think it was the shower curtain) And there was NO D.N.D. sign!!! Coffee is down stairs in the lobby $2.15 for a large, or they have a mcd's not to far from the entrance. Did'nt see many people our age there, Dollar Rent a Car is in the lobby. The check in was not to bad, about a 5 Min wait. If its Free DO it! If you're paying, and you want to be in the middle of it, stay farther south! You will see more!	
Mar 11 2009 	cheap clean and quiet	This is not a fancy room--the soap and shampoo products are very basic. The T.V. is sort of small. But I thought the room was clean. I also found it to be quiet and the bed was comfortable. If you get a budget rate on this hotel you will be satisfied--I would feel ripped off if I paid more than 100 per night. Expect a very basic room and you will be happy. It is near the Stratosphere hotel/casino.	
Mar 11 2009 	Great place for the price!	We stayed at the Sahara for a week during the Nascar race. Arrived around 2:00pm to find no lines at check in. Great service. We booked Deluxe non-smoking which put us in the Tangiers tower. We were asked if we wanted a higher or lower floor. We picked higher and ended up on the 22nd floor with a great view. I had been to the Sahara in 2001 and noticed the condition of the hotel was basically the same. Our room was clean. No bedbugs. A bit of an issue with the tub not draining fast enough at the end of our stay and it was repaired that day. It is definitely an older hotel and the buffet is basic. But we saved a lot of money and spent little time in the room anyways. Recommend getting the Duece bus pass for unlimited rides. It was a very slow going up the strip on Friday and Saturday but that is to be expected. Recommend using the Monorail on those days. Booked a Hoover Dam tour at our hotel. Very convenient hotel pick up.Hotel staff were friendly and answered all our questions during the week. Didn't think the pool would be open..so we didn't have our bathing suits. It opened the day we arrived, February 25th. It looked very nice. If you want a basic, quiet, uneventful place to stay and rest your head..we recommend the Sahara.	
Mar 7 2009 	Players Club	I've stayed at the Sahara a month ago and our room was fine. This trip on Nascar weekend my friend and I enjoy the poker and black jack tables and other gambling. We also like the Buffet dinning area. The only PROBLEM we had was this trip and it was the rudness in which we were treated by CHARLOTTE from Indiana at the Players club. She was rude and very unhelpful. I alway's go to the Sahara to gamble and eat, but I would recommend to all to stay away from the Players club when CHARLOTTE is behind the counter. My friend and I go to Vegas every month to two months but we'll never go to the Players Club again if she's there. I would gamble elsewhere first.	
Mar 5 2009 	This place is the absolute WORST	We stayed here 5 days for NASCAR. We didn't have any problems with the rooms or service. I actually thought the front desk staff was friendly upon checking in. Our room was cleaned daily. It wasn't dirty by any means, it was just older and outdated.My problem was with security. Our vehicle was broken into, the FOURTH vehicle that day, that we know of. All of our luggage was stolen. Every piece of clothing was gone. Everything we had bought at NASCAR and the malls. Our DVD players inside the vehicle. Our window was busted out, the vehicle was keyed and a panel was cracked. We had seen broken glass all over the parking garage each day we were there. Our last day there was when ours was broken into. It happened when we were in the middle of bringing our stuff down from our room and going back up to get the rest of it. I guess we were being watched.There are no cameras anywhere outside. There are two security guys on bicycles that mostly just ride around ignoring everyone. Obviously they weren't there when all the cars were getting broken into, unless it was security that did it. I know there are signs up everywhere &quot;PARK AT YOUR OWN RISK&quot; however the security manager could have at least acted as if he cared or offered some sort of advice of what to do. We called the police and went to the station to file a report and even they were annoyed that Sahara has no cameras in their garage. I will never stay here again or recommend this place to anyone. I didn't have any problems until this happened.	
Mar 4 2009 	We will never stay at this hotel again	The rooms were supposed to be recently refurbished, however, the room looked like something from the late 1960's. It was tacky and very outdated. The carpet near the door was coming up, and there was black mold in the grout around the tub. The mattress was as hard as a rock and the view from our room was of a rooftop covering a walkway where people had thrown phone books, soda bottles, beer bottles and other assorted trash which wasn't very appealing. The clerk at check-in was polite as well as the wait staff at Paco's Reaurant, however, the other employees acted like they could care less and basically looked the other way if they saw anyone who looked they they might need help or had a question. The worst part of the trip was when we were leaving. After we had put our luggage into the vehicle, we went back to the room to check out and do one last look for any belongings. When we got back to the Sahara parking garage our vehicle had been broken into and all of our belongings were gone. We immediately went to the front desk where we were informed that not only did they take no responsibility for what happens in their own parking garage, they also do not have video surveillence cameras so that we could see who had done this!!!!! They were extremely rude and told us that our only option was to go to the police station to file a report!!!!!! We will never stay at the Sahara again and we will encourage others to think twice before staying there. If your vehicle can get broken into in a supposedly attended parking garage, in the middle of the morning, parked in a space next to the elevator, then this is somewhere that I don't ever want to be around again!!!!! Stay somewhere else.	
Mar 3 2009 	Stay stay stay stay...........and stay	This hotel was GREAT its a nice hotel that was cheap, I went to Las Vegas for the Cater Source Event solutions conference. It was a GREAT TIME I won a ton of money and the hotel was AWESOME!!!! food everywhere and Drinks Everywhere as well!!!!! Friendly Staff and all, The room was cleaned everyday and was nice to come into the room after a day of conventions and FUN!!!! the Monorail is right there and was only 1-2 stops away from the Hilton convention Center!!!! the Monorail was cool too i got a unlimited pass3 days for 26.00 which was cheaper than a taxi or bus, I had also rented a car to go to see Boulder Dam one day you should go its a HUGE DAM!!!! The Stratosphere I wouldn't bother wasting time eating at the Top of the WORLD their menu was confusing, and the Lobster Ravioli was just Average i would have had more fun making spaghettios. The VIEW is better than anything i have ever seen with all the lights and sites!!! It was a GREAT EXPERIENCE THOUGHT!!!! Now back to the SAHARA I would recommend this hotel to anyone and everyone, Its old but its there and you should stay, There were no bed bugs or any loud noises at night!!! Its a Great stay I stayed in Room 2549 on the 25th floor in the Tangier's Tower with a view of the Hilton and Vegas. The room didn't smell or anything and it was clean. No problems. Woudl Recommend to anyone and i would stay there again in a heart beat!!!!	
Mar 3 2009 	Clean and Nostalgic	We stayed at the Sahara for Nascar weekend 2009. Our room was clean, but it is an older hotel. We had a great view from our balcony. The service was good, we had asked for extra pillows and towels and they brought them up right away. The check in line can be long at certain times and could use more staff in that area. I had read a few reviews about this hotel and you could tell alot of people must have had expected more than this hotel offers. You have to remember, this is one of the older hotels, that in it's day, was probably one of the nicest. Do you all remember &quot;The Rat Pack&quot;? If you want to stay in a new hotel, I would not recommend this one.	
Mar 1 2009 	Dirty and Bad Service to boot	First day we signed up for Club Sahara and I was told if I got 100 points on the slots by midnight I would receive a free buffet. Right before Midnight I reached 100 points, went down to the desk and they told me I was not getting it because I did not redeem it the same day. I told them I would not spend another dime in there hotel. The place was dirty the house keeping did not replace what was used. Front desk would not answer the phone. Charged me $13 a day for internet and $6 service fee a day . No coffee pot in room, no clock. also tried to cash in $3 worth of nickels and they told me they could only do $2. This was my second time to the Sahara and will be my last. If you are looking for a cheap and dirty place with bad service then this is the place for you.	
Mar 1 2009 	You get what you pay for...	Check-in was a breeze, as we happened to arrive at a non-busy time. For the rest of our 3 night stay, there was a constant HUGE line that didn't seem to be moving fast.The room seemed fine at first. Everything worked properly, and it was what I expected for a budget-type hotel. However, when I showered our first morning there the drain was not working properly and I ended up shin-deep in mucky water - ew. The water eventually went down and all seemed to be ok - that is, until we returned to our room a little before midnight that night. The tub had somehow backflowed, leaving black chunks covering it. We called the front desk 5 times back to back - no answer. We then tried calling the bell desk, which was located at the end of the front desk, hoping that they would walk over and alert someone at the front desk about our calls. They just ended up transferring us to the front desk again, which again, went unanswered. We finally gave up and walked down to the desk to find a huge line. We had to stand in line for about 30 minutes and when we finally told them our problem, and that several of our calls had gone unanswered, we were told &quot;they had to help the customers first.&quot; What? Apparently, we weren't considered customers...? Maintenance finally made it up to the room around 1:15 am. Long story short, by a little before 3am - 3 hours after our problem first began - we were moved to a different room. The maintenance man explained that this has happened to a lot of the tubs since the renovation so beware.Besides that one night and the complete lack of customer service that night, our stay wasn't horrible. It was the cheapest place to stay and with the monorail right there, it was easy to get to any part of the strip.Definitely a 'sleep-only' hotel... Spend the rest of your time out on the strip in the nicer places.	
Feb 25 2009 	Vehicle Theft Dirty Rooms Sick Dealers	Well, I must say that I am absolutely NEVER going to stay at the Sahara ever again. We have stayed at the Sahara 3 times in the past and had an ok experience being that it was cheap and reliable. This time, here is a list of items that we found to be unacceptable:* We arrived at the Sahara hotel at 4pm on Friday, by 8pm our truck had been broken into in their parking deck. They stole our GPS unit and blue tooth as well as other items and also BROKE our door lock. The parking attendants advised us that it was the EIGHTH breakin THAT DAY and that the &quot;parking deck was BAD&quot;. * The checkin process was ridiculously slow. It took almost 30 minutes to get checked in and the agent did NOT give us the connecting room to our friends that we had reserved months before even though it was empty.* Our room was reasonably priced but ALL of the furniture had stains. The lampshades, the chairs, the tables. ALL of it was old, chipped, stained, and wreaked of a foul urine smell. * The carpet was disgusting and I didn't go without shoes in our room the entire stay.* The bathroom was old, dated, and didn't work properly. The toilet took forever to flush, the shower barely worked, and there were odd markings all over the toilet.* The balcony was nice but there were old cigarette butts strewn about and the indoor/outdoor carpet was shaggy and stained.* We tried to play cards at one of the tables in the Casino but the dealer had a cold and kept wiping her nose with her bare hand and then touching the cards. There were snotty fingerprints on the cards and I was completely disgusted and stopped playing.Over all, we were extremely disappointed in our stay at the Sahara and no amount of cheap hotel rooms would ever entice us to stay there again. We will be dealing with the break-in of our vehicle for several more days and have to get the damage to our door repaired. The hotel has acted like it is no big deal so far and has been completely lax about providing us with any info even after we filled out their report and a separate police report.Thumbs WAY down to this one.	
Feb 21 2009 	Beware of bed bugs	We've stayed here before for business and it was always fine... it's a dingy hotel but at $35 a night it wasn't a big deal. However, this time I woke up with bed bug bites all over my body. I've been home for three days now and the bites are still appearing (the internet says it could take up to 14 days for all the bites to appear). We called the front desk and they sent a security guard up to take photos of the bites on my body and we filed a complaint. We immediately went to check out and the front desk was VERY UNHELPFUL. They repeatedly tried to tell us that there was nothing they could do, and that a legal service would be contacting us. We pitched a fit as this is unnacceptable, and eventually they refunded the money for our stay (How could they NOT?) as well as dry cleaned every article of clothing we had with us. Their treatment of us was unforgivable, and we will never stay there again. I fully plan on contacting the Nevada state board of health to report them.	
Feb 16 2009 	Can't wait to go back	We just returned from a 3 night stay at Sahara for which the total cost was $150.00. Our room was on the 15th floor with a balcony. The view was of the Sahara sign the Stratosphere and, best of all, the mountains.. Our room was large and very clean with the exception of the sheer curtains beneath the drapes. They were very dirty and tore when I tried to pull them back. I notified housekeeping and they were removed immediately. The first morning, I discovered the hairdryer did not work and within 15 minutes, a new one was installed. The Caravan Cafe was excellent as was The House of Lords. (not so much, the buffet.) The casino is smalled than the newer hotels, but it is clean and the slots are loose. You never have to look for a cocktail waitress. They are very accomodating. The 60's style band that played every night was a lot of fun.The perks you get with the player's club card are terrific and the comp points paid for all of our meals. The last stop on the monorail is at the Sahara and you can travel to the other end of the strip in 15 minutes. The hotel is old and somewhat worn, but it is clean, the staff is very friendly and the food was good. We definitely got our moneys worth and then some. I can't wait to return.	
Feb 15 2009 	$8.99 Buffet HORRIBLE	My sister and I went in to eat at the $8.99 Buffet. when we walked in the place looked dark and dreary. I would guess about 20 people where in the resturant . the interior of the resturant was so dirty and old it gave me the creeps just to look at it . no wonder the place was empty. when we paid for our food . we had to find our own table, but we did not realize that almost every table was covered with dirty dishes and left over food. once we found a table we had to walk a good distance to the buffet area. On our way to the buffet area we continiously walked across a puddle of water that was leaking from that soda machine in the middle of the resturant. it took the crew at least 2 hours to clean up the mess on top of that the food was horrible, you think that you are getting a lot for your money. NOT, the buffet carts where serving the same thing on the opposite side of the cart station I thought it was a mirror at first until i went to the other side of the cart. to top off my experience I was serving myself a helping of Cordon blu as where other customers. when the food service worker took a metal bucket and poured a mixture of mushrooms and carrots and celery on top of the food I was serving myself I was disgused. In all the place was old and tired just like its waitresses.	
Feb 12 2009 	Old style Vegas in 21st Century	This is virtually the oldest surviving property on the Strip and quite excellent for room charges. Great transport links, friendly staff and loose slots + nice restaurants esp. Caravan Cafe. 3rd time stayed here and not the last	
Feb 11 2009 	Health Hazard At The Sahara Hotel In Las Vegas Nevada	This hotel is filthy.. I contacted bed bugs and reported it to the southern Nevada board of health. The file is listed under bedbugs 2.09. I informed the management and they said they will take care of it. They lied about having the room checked and fumigated.The Board of Health called today and confirmed that it tested positive for bed bugs.It was only when I told them that I had taken pictures of my legs that they offered to change my room.When I told them that I was going to follow through and report it to the board of health, they asked me to follow through as most guests do not.My legs are swollen, itchey and oozing, it is a horrible experience and I only hope that I have not carried it home with me.	
Feb 1 2009 	Sahara: no complaints more than worth the money	i visited during the PBR/ SEMA show week so the hotel was quite busy of a night, very good band on &amp; mechanical bull riding. Waitresses were very efficient in casino, mostly friendly all the time same with bar staff. Didn't try the buffet so won't comment but food in cafe was v.good esp breakfast &amp; the staff were very friendly, steakhouse &amp; mexican were good though only ate there once each, food was much better than at the Riviera. Special mention to girls in Grind Cafe who put up with a lot of pressure &amp; cranky guests every morning! Room was easily big enough for 2, though old it was kept extremely clean &amp; was cleaned quite early so could go out early, eat b'fast or do some shopping/sightseeing come back to clean room whenever. Same applies to casino, looking its age but clean.Checking in &amp; out was easy-both no queues, maybe people shouldn't leave checking out till 5 minutes before cutoff time then there won't be queues!Pool was nice just somewhere to chill out which is all it has to do. Didn't try spa or gym but heard others say they were okAll in all its a good clean friendly hotel thats not a 5*, but is worth the money, yes it does need a refurb but the staff &amp; location &amp; price make it worth a visit if you don't want to spend too much &amp; don't expect too much	
Jan 28 2009 	This is no 5 Star hotel don't expect much	I booked a weeked stay at Sahara using Entertainment's travel website. As an Entertainment member I was hoping to find a deal and I did with Sahara. My check in was on 5/30/08 and check out was on 6-1-08. My rate was about 89.00 per night, which was the cheapest that I could find. Entertainment's website immediataly bills the full hotel bill to your credit card. At check in they did ask for the same credit card, however they did not authorzize any additional funds which was nice. Anytime that I visit vegas I always get an in-expensive room since I never spend much time in the room anyway. When I arrived at the hotel i parked in the parking garage. The outside of the hotel, the parking garage, the pool and the casino were not exactly brand new, but they were very clean and plesent to view / look at, The check in process was a bit slow and there was a very long line. Once i reached the counter the clerk was very friendly. I was given a (deluxe room) on the 24 floor located on the Alexandria tower. The room / bathroom in my opinion was not just aged, but (very, very old) and outdated, however it was clean and there was no reason for me to complain since I was not paying 5 star hotel rates. Everything did function properly, hot water, toilet, air / heat, and tv, there was even a small balcony which had an ok view. I did not eat or try any food in this casino simply beause I ate elsewhere. As for the casino, it is average, not too crowded and is a bit more relaxed. The cocktail waitreses were very friendly and generous during my stay. The one major problem that I did experience were elevator problems during check out time, right around 10am on sunday, only 1 elevator was working and it took quite some time to get down stairs as everyone else on all 24 floors were trying to get downstairs to check out as well, in addition to this there was a very long check out line. In closing, I most likely would not stay here again, and the room / tower that I stayed in is very well over due to be renovated.	
Jan 22 2009	Pay for what you get!	This hotel wasn't bad. It's an oldie for sure, been there since the 1950's I believe and is in many ways starting to show it's age.Pro's-connected to the monorail, which is excellent for getting downtown to the strip-cheap, very affordableCon's-smelled old-sometimes food was on a tray and left outside people's rooms for a few days-not the cleanest place, lots of stains on the carpet and curtains-buffet wasn't that good, but it was cheapOverall this wasn't too bad a place. It was at the very end of the strip but once again it was connected to the main monorail line so getting downtown wasn't that much of a hassle. Then again how long are you planning to stay in your hotel for when you're in Vegas?BOTTOM LINE: If you are looking for somewhere that's cheap and affordable go here, if you want something closer to the strip and a little more luxurious then choose another hotel.	
Jan 15 2009 	A Fair Deal	A lot of people complain about this hotel, but we loved our stay. I was quite inexpensive to stay at the Sahara, and although you do not get a 5 star experience, it was enjoyable.The pool is just a pool, no fancy anything, just a rectangle with water in it. That was fine with us, still nice to lay in the sun by the pool.The casino was rather small, but it's an older place so that was to be expected. It wasn't crowded &amp; the service was decent. It was fairly easy to get a drink when we wanted one. Check in wasnt horrible, we did have to wait, but no too long.We loved our suite. We had a room with a balcony that looked out right over the flashing Sahara sign, and the heavy drapes kept the light out when we slept. The room was old but clean.We loved the restaurant there, can't remember the name of it, but it wasn't the steakhouse, or buffet. It served a delicious breakfast, which we thoroughly enjoyed every morning.Overall, a good experience, especially for the money. My rating would go down if we had paid more, but I'm a strong believer in &quot;you get what you pay for&quot; and we got a good deal here.	
Jan 9 2009 	This is NOT a BAD hotel!!!	Ok...so I booked my reservation based on 2 things: #1: Money and #2: I wanted a hotel with a 1 night minimum stay on New Years Eve. Sahara is the only one that has a 1 night minimum stay. The price was SO VERY reasonable for us. We live 4 hours away and I've never been to Vegas and wanted to spend New Years Eve there. Every other hotel was HUNDREDS of dollars per night and wanted at least a 2 night stay. No way could we afford that...in this economy! After I booked this stay, somehow I was directed to this site. I have to say that I was SCARED out of my mind after reading some of the reviews. Bed bugs? Filthy rooms? Bad customer Service? Oh my!!! I almost cancelled my trip. But I got to thinking...You can't please everyone and I know there are people out there that are going to complain even if it were a 5 star hotel. Some people just live to complain about everything. So I decided to go anyway. What's to lose? Not money...I got a great deal. I've stayed in some bad places that were suppose to be good before. If this place turned out to be bad, I'd chalk it up to an experience. I have to say, my experience was GREAT! We got there at 2:30 on New Years Eve. No long lines to check in. They were quick AND very friendly. They even gave me a room with a view so my 5 year old daughter could see the Fireworks since we knew we wouldn't be out in the crowds with her. We DIDN'T even ask. They are that thoughtful. And since we told her it was our first time there, she gave us free dinners at the buffet. We didn't use them, but it was a nice gesture anyway. Not a single problem with checking in like others have stated. And while I'm on it, there were no problems or long lines checking out either. There were no hidden charges or screw ups on our bill either. So to recap, Checking IN/OUT was great! The hotel was NOT DIRTY. The lobby, casino, stores, cafes,etc...ALL CLEAN and FRIENDLY! AND an employee even gave my husband a $50 voucher to use in the slots or whatever. We just cashed it in! They just GAVE us $50! I've never just been handed $50 before. They didn't even make us use it in the casino. It was ours to do with what we wanted. We weren't the only one's getting the vouchers either. He had a large stack in his hands. Back to cleanliness. Our room was average. We got what we paid for. I compare it to a Days Inn, Ramada Inn, etc. Nothing elaborate. But it was Clean. No mis-matched carpet, no peeling paint, no dirty sheets, no dirty bathroom and certainly...NO BED BUGS. It was CLEAN! The beds were very comfortable too! And the view was FANTASTIC! However, I do agree that the furniture is outdated. But it added to the place I think. It probably is the original furniture that was used in the day of Frank Sinatra and the Beatles and all the other well know celebrities that stayed there. But it was all very well taken care of and I have no complaints about it at all. The linens and drapery and towels were all modern. There was no cigarette smell or anything. In fact, the only time I saw any mis-matched carpet or dirty areas was in the elevators. But you have to understand...how many people go in and out of there in a day? Thousands and thousands. And some of those people are extremely intoxicated, carrying their drinks and spilling. There are kids dropping things and let's face it...our shoes are not clean people. Another great thing about this place is you can get on the Monorail right there IN the hotel. It'll take you down the strip. But we walked. It's not a bad walk. Even if you're overweight or have asthma, it's still a very do-able walk. My 5 year old walked the entire strip and back again and it didn't phase her at all. This is a great Hotel for the money. And lets face it, we all are watching our money now a days. It was clean and hospitable and I would recommend it to anyone if they asked.	
Jan 9 2009 	Very old but cheap	We chose this hotel for its price and proximity to the Strip ( monorail that runs along the strip is right in front of the hotel ) but I did not expect the rooms in Sahara to be that old ! There were stains in the bathtub, cracks on the sink and a funny smell from the carpet. But for the special winter price of $49+/night for a King size bedroom ( which was huge), I can't complained that much. If one is expected to pay more than $70 per night, then it may not be worth it. The check-in queue was always long and the lobby was always packed - lots of people chose the hotel for its price/location, I can imagine - but the hotel staff seemed friendly to everyone. Despite the long queue, check in was breezy for myself. The restaurant to have breakfast was also very packed with a long queue for tables but once seated, the food did come at a reasonable time.However, my friends who also stayed here did face problems with some of the hotel services - they had to ask 4 times for toothbrushes to be brought up to their room. Due to late luggage arrival, the airline had sent my friends' bags to the hotel much later but was told by the hotel staff that they were not checked in when they did, resulting in lots of frustration and inconvenience. So, if you do choose to stay here, pray that you encounter as little such problems as possible. Must have been the time of the year ( pre and post New Year's Day ) as well, with too many people in the hotel, resulting in poor service in some areas but that shouldn't be the excuse.	
Dec 31 2008 	Stay here to save money	I was actually surprised, and happy to end up with a large, very clean room. For my purposes, a business trip during Memorial Day weekend in 2008, I felt I made a good choice. I was on a budget, and needed a cheap room with easy access to the Sands Convention Center.The most important details I learned while staying at the Sahara.1. The casino is small and unpopular. 2. The buffet is cheap and unpopular. 3. The pool is adequate, and everyone I met was there for the same reason I was there - discounted rates advertised on Expedia.4.Don't trust Expedia, I was charged an extra &quot;daily room rate&quot; on top of Expedia's final charge, and later that year my Uncle's reservation at the hotel booked through Expedia wasn't even honored. BOOK DIRECT ONLY.5. The Sahara is the last stop on the Monorail, making it truly the last stop on the Strip. If you have to choose between the Sahara and Stratosphere, stay at the Sahara. 6. Plan to take the Monorail to where the action is every day and night, stay at the Sahara to sleep.7. They are actually not always the cheapest in regards to good location. For 2009, I'm considering the Imperial Palace and Excalibur because they are closer to the center, and have good rates.8. Wi-fi internet access for your laptop computer is not free.	
Dec 29 2008 	Cheap for a place to sleep	This is the 2nd time i have stayed here. I knew the price for cheap with a package deal. I had already experienced a less cleanly room 1st time. The 2nd time for xmas, was not much better, the maid needs to take another look, a shrimp in sink, and a condom behind the bed. But a place to sleep and hang out, not bad at all, want perfection?? best stay elsewhere, if budget is what ya want and a casino,, its worth it. The maid service needs to change. Room service was awesome, as the fron desk, and drinks down stairs,,no complaints with that, But all in all,,go to vegas in summer, when its hot,,,,i wont go in winter again, to cold,,hotter the better.	
Dec 23 2008	Hated every dirty second in the place	We went into the 'hotel' for the NASCAR cafe after promising my 2 year old we would see racing cars only to find it was shut and the only alternative was an over 21 bar to sit at! The toilets were the dirtiest I have seen in years in any hotel (and I have stayed in some real dives!), the buffet we finally opted for was (to my refined Northern palate) inedible and definitely not worth the money!!!!!! Avoid like the plague.	
Dec 10 2008 	Poor Hotel Experience	I spent three nights in the Sahara Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas. I had never stayed there before but it had a well known name and was well located in the strip. The first impression was the parking garage which was dirty. It appeared that they have never cleaned or repainted the elevator areas where the walls were covered with dirty footprints.The reception area had a combination of musty, smoky and stale smells and was in need of carpet cleaning. The fron desk staff was friendly and efficient but there were only two on duty which resulted in a check in delay.The elevator floors were dirty and stained and even had gum stuck on it which had been there so long it was black. It appears that houskeeping is not a high priority in the common areas. Overall the hotel had a very worn and tired appearance.The rooms were spacious and cleaner than the common areas but the mattress was sagging and in need of replacement.The towels were plentiful and of good quality. The shower plumbing was marginally reliable and had to be carefully manipulated to make the shower function.One of their well touted benefits is their buffet which they advertise as the best price on the strip. It was perhaps the least impressive buffet I have ever experienced in any setting. Even at a price of $8.99 I felt like I had been taken.Overall I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Dec 7 2008 	Hated everything about it!	We stayed in their &quot;premium&quot; only to discover that all the furnishings were old, beat-up and none of the pieces matched in the room. The room stank of this awful chemical cleaner smell. Never again! We would leave the hotel and not come back until ready for bed.	
Dec 7 2008 	Perfectly adequate	We stayed at the Sahara for a couple of days a few summer's ago. We booked it because it was on the strip (some of the other cheaper hotels are a little way away) and because it was cheap.Checking in was busy and took a while and the hotel is huge so the corridors of rooms seem endless! Having said that, you don't go to Vegas for a chill out time in your hotel and for us the Sahara was adequate. I would probably hope to stay somewhere a bit nicer like the Venetian if I was going back but for the money, the Sahara was fine.	
Nov 30 2008 	Very good value	The Sahara is one of the older hotels in Las Vegas but the accommodation is in a newer tower. We booked a deluxe room with the show included. This costs just a few dollars more and is well worth the extra. The deluxe rooms are larger and on higher floors offerring a great view. The show (Raw Talent Live) is probably not worth the $80 for a full price ticket but great value when purchased with the accommodation.Like most LV hotels any extras are outragiously expensive. Internet access is $12 a day and even dial-up is charged for as you get limited local call time. Better to find an internet cafe.No breakfast included but the buffet is cheap and extensive.	
Nov 28 2008 	Take It Easy On The Old Girl	Booked a Premium room (the old Deluxe room) for a very reasonable price. With a Sunday check in there was no line. A small tip to the very nice desk clerk had us in a suite for the rest of the week. Not very fancy for a suite but clean and not to worn. No mold, no smell, no holes in the carpet. This is my 4th stay in 6 years and I have not been upset. I have always book a deluxe/premium room and got just what I paid for, a decent place to spend a few days. Casino is a nice size and not to expensive. I hope to go back again!	
Nov 14 2008 	Moldy and hairy	Don't stay here! I booked this hotel because it was on the Monorail and it wasn't worth it. When I got to the front desk the staff was less then polite. Everything was as if they were doing me a favor. With one exception. The bell men were nice. Then she had me sign a form to charge me an additional $6 for the weight room and I said I would not be using it and with reluctance she stated that I would not be charged for it. Well, the extra charge came on my bill today...The reason I am even writing this is because of the room. When I walked in there was this horrible smell like they were trying to cover something up. Anyway, then I walked into the bathroom and there was mold in all the corners and hair all over the tub. Obviously, it wasn't even wiped down!I am done. I won't even finish, because I'm sure I've already made my point. I just wish I would have had time to switch hotels.	
Nov 11 2008 	Horrible and Disgusting!	Don't bother wasting your time by even making a reservation or going here. I was GUARANTEED an upgraded room, PAID MORE FOR IT and is the only reason I booked here. Registration is at the back of the hotel with one lane to drive through which took about 15 minutes to get to one of the 2 valet people while waiting for others in front of us to unload. The other lane is for taxis who are just sitting there waiting for customers which never come. The check in line was ridiculously long with 3, yes count them three, front desk clerks checking people in. Actually it was only 2 because the third one kept having to deal with all the complaining customers. I have never seen worse service than here. I had a feeling at that moment I should just leave and go elsewhere. The line took about 45 minutes to check in. I asked the clerk to please give me a nice room so I wouldn't have to come back to complain as so many others had done to her while I was waiting in line, and told her that I paid extra for a remodeled room in the upgraded tower. She said she understood. Got to the room around 4:30 and the maid was sitting on the bed with the cart outside. As soon as I walked in, I realized we wouldn't be staying. (By the way, I was with a 7 year old boy who could care less about an upscale destination and we booked there for the Nascar and other amenities, and I'm a middle of the road traveler.) The beds were sunken in, the bedspreads were disgusting, the sheets and blankets were worse, the furniture scuffed, damaged and looked worse than something you'd see for a free give away on a street corner. The room was musty and stunk of mold, dirt and smoke (non-smoking room). I didn't even look in the bathroom so I imagine it was similarly old and disgusting. Within 90 seconds, I got the phone book, called the Luxor (where the child wanted to stay) and we immediately left the room. Not surprisingly, the line was twice as long as when I waited in it. To my amazement, there were still only 3 clerks handling the front desk through there were 2 more managers handling all the complaints. I honestly have never seen such incomptency. I went right to the woman who checked me in and she looked at me as if to say &quot;sorry&quot;. I told her she could either refund my first night's deposit or I would dispute it with my credit card. She said she'd prefer to refund but I would have to speak with the manager. I patiently waited about 10 minutes to speak with her and she didn't even attempt to challenge me and offered the refund, though she had a nasty attitude. She was mad at me because I was disappointed in the room, there was no guarantee of an upgrade, just a request, and she was annoyed at me because I was upset at the huge inconvenience of having to even go there, wait in the valet line, wait in the check-in line, drag our bags upstairs, then back downstairs. There wasn't a chance I was going to wait in that long line to request a refund, especially considering there must have been close to 100 people in it. In conclusion, obviously the room was disgusting, the place was severely understaffed, it was a low class place and I would only consider going there again after the entire place was remodeled with a GUARANTEE of a remodeled room in an upgraded tower (which I was given assurance of by the Sahara reservation line staff and the front desk staff says they can only request but not guarantee which is SUCH A LIE), but after a moment's thought, there's no way I would ever go to or stay at the Sahara when there are so many choices in Las Vegas. The Luxor was a great location, at least 15 staff were checking in the guests, there is much to do there, good restaurants and bars, friendly staff and nice room. The only downside is the elevator situation so bring comfy shoes becase it's a haul, or request a room reasonably close to the elevator which I will definitely do next time. I hope this review was helpful for you. I absolutely rely on reviews whenever I go anywhere.	
Nov 11 2008 	Stag do in Vegas	The Sahara was great value for money and really has everything you need from a hotel in Vegas. Casino was very good and the rooms were more than adequate - lets be honest you dont spend much time in your room in a city like this! A major plus point is the monorail connecting it to the main hotels on the strip, very useful considering the long walk you'd have otherwise.I wouldn't rule out going back to this hotel, but with a little more money you could do better.	
Nov 7 2008 	Cheap is paying too much...	Checked out in the evening the wait wasn't too bad, proceeded to our so called &quot;deluxe&quot; room through the Alexandria tower. Elevator was dated, this is only the beginning...the hall had dim lighting the door to our room looked super old , the room reeked of smoke the dresser was knee high the bath room had tiles falling the off ceiling, the shower curtain was nasty, the bath tub looked more like an over size shower basin, the toilet was running and the room like something out of 70's horror movie...needless to say it was awful! We were in and out to complain at the front desk, we were then switched over to the Tangier's Tower...received the deluxe we paid for from the start, much better room(any was better at this point) the room had dated decor had view of the parking garage and temp. was only able to stay on one setting. It was a better room but still a really low standard for deluxe. I think the best part of the whole hotel would be the Steak of Lords restaurant, the food was great! Nas Car theme was kinda cool, Buffet was Not impressive the Mexican restaurant was awful, the only good thing there was the drinks. I wish I can you get what you pay for in the way of cheap, but in this case cheap is for paying too much for this hotel.	
Nov 6 2008 	Not a bad experience	I stayed there the first weekend in Novemeber. I was expecting a dingy &amp; dirty room because of all the other posts I had read. But i was surprised. The room was clean economical, and comfortable.  The batheroom could have used a vent/fan to get the steam from the shower out a lil faster but that was really my main complaint. The beds were a little small, but there were two and it was clean. The service was good, and although the coupons given at check in werent that exciting, we werent staying to be at the Sahara. This casino should spend more time playing up its &quot;historic&quot; vegas attitude.	
Nov 1 2008	Checked out in 45 Minutes Sahara double charged credit card	The deluxe room did not look like the hotel photo accommodations at all. Lighting of the hotel hall ways are dim, the blankets are thin and appeared unclean. We called the front desk twice to discuss our concerns. First call we requested a suite, because of our disappointment of the room front desk stated there was none available. Unsafe for women travelers. Second call to the front desk because of an incident that occurred in the hall way and we felt unsafe. We asked about security, front desk staff stated there isn’t security. We immediately checked out. Upon check out front desk offered a suite, but we already made reservations with another hotel. When we arrived at our other hotel our hair and clothes smelled of smoke. The smell came from the hotel because we did not walk in front of people who could have blown cigarette smoke on us. Sahara Hotel doubled charged our reservation!	
Oct 27 2008 	Try another hotel	We stayed there recently for three nights. We found that the staff were not overly friendly on check in. We were given a room that had mould in the bathroom, cracked mirror in the bathroom, electrical receptacle hanging off the wall. We do not consider ourselves to be overly fussy and would have put up with the dirty carpet and holes in the bedspread but this was a bit much! We requested a room change and had no problem. The second room while better than the first was not very impressive again with stains in the carpet, burns in the bedspread but those things we put up with. There is no coffee in the room, the hair dryer didn't work, the toiletries were scant and poor quality ( again we do not look fort hese things anyway as we use or own). We just did not get a good feeling staying in the hotel. The parking garage has no security and the elevator in the parking garage got stuck once ( and I never stepped inside it again!). The pool was about the only good thing about this hotel but we did not see staff clean around the pool very often and another downside was that after getting out of the pool you have to walk right through the hotel to get to the elevator to get to your room. Also they expect you to buy your drinks at the bar at their pool and they are very pricey ( we took our own and were descrete!). I would not recommend this hotel when you consider for the same price or maybe less you can stay at the Stratosphere across the street in more upscale comfort!	
Oct 25 2008 	Needs updating BAD!	The hotel wasn't TOO bad from the outside but as soon as you step in it's dated and disappointing. We didn't face long lines, b/c we didn't check in until midnite..but I did see long lines during our stay. The reviews were terrifying and being that we let friends book the whole trip, I was honestly mortified at going.I wanted to cry when we got to our room. It was like a cheap motel room. Old furnishings, the shower was beat up, the carpets were stained and SOO old too. But I will at least say, that it was clean and although I didn't unpack anything, it kind of grew on me and I wasn't as skeeved as the days went on.We had breakfast 2 times and one lunch there in the restaurant by the casino and I thought it was pretty good. Actually the 4 of us thought breakfast was great. The service was outstanding.The positive thing (maybe the only) was that the hotel was on the small side so we didn't get lost. If you wanted to go and get your jacket in your room, you didn't have to walk a mile.Oh and this hotel isn't in close walking distance to other hotels like when you hit the strip. We rented a car and went everywhere.	
Oct 21 2008 	One step above a homeless shelter	We had planned on staying at the Sahara for 6 nights, but upon arriving in the room we found it was disgusting. The carpet was dirty, the bed badly stained, the lamps broken, and the overall room dirty. We asked for a different room, but it was no better. This is from a hotel that claims to have been remodeled last year. We returned to the front desk to ask for the night manager. We were told he was not available by a nasty clerk. We then asked for a full refund which they refused quoting the one night cancellation fee. They told us we could come back in the morning to request the refund. We moved to a far better hotel in the center of the strip at an even better rate. My advice is stay away from the Sahara at any cost.	
Oct 20 2008 	Bug Bites	This is a decent price hotel for being on the strip, yet again you get what you pay for. Sleeping is impossible unless your really drunk. The whole night bugs kept eating me alive. We just came back yesterday and by boyfriend has a whole bunch of little bites on his back! Once again it is cheap so not totally surprised there. Your also really far from the center of the strip, but the moneral opperates 24/7.	
Oct 20 2008 	Big Mistake	I just left the Sahara after a three night stay. Without hesitation the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Filthy is an understatement. No matter what you economic position is, find some place, any plase, else.	
Oct 18 2008 	cheap and cheerful	I stayed at the hotel in 2005 as a student and wasn't sure if i should book again due to some of the awful reviews on trip advisor, but i'm really glad i didn't let them put me off. A double rm cost £100 for 2 people for 4 nights - a bargain, considering that in Vegas ur only going to be in the room to catch a few hours sleep. There were queues at check in, but we only waited for about 15 mins - which is nothing really, and the staff were chirpy and in your face happy, but who really cares!! The hotel is old, so if you are looking for luxury then don't stay here, but for those people who said it was dirty - they must just have been checked into horrible rooms. Ours was fine and cleaned everyday. Sahara has everythign u need:monorail to whizz you up and down the stripa good pool, with nice cocktails and pleanty of sun loungerscheap, but clean and comfortable rooms!!and somewhere to eat - the caravan cafe is ok for a quick bite, but do avoid the buffet -really disgusting!!!!The poker tournaments are also one of the best on the strip according tosome locals that we got chatting to.So if your looking for a cheap stay in vegas, with a pool and thats accessible to the strip, then book the sahara!	
Oct 17 2008 	Exactly what we wanted	Stayed here on our 1st night after being up 26 hours. Needed somewhere clean and cheap and easy to get away from after we picked up our rental car from there. (Did 8 days touring Arizona before heading back to Bally's for a week). It ticked all the boxes.But...Sahara and I both arrived on the planet over 50 years ago and to be honest we are both showing signs of our true ages. Essentially nothing wrong with either of us that a bit of investment wouldn't put right. Given the current economic crisis, that may not happen for a while. In the meantime don't write it off, but do your research first so you won't be disappointed.	
Oct 17 2008	Stole my sisters dress!!	I booked my mom and two sisters a room here for one night when they flew in from Texas for my wedding. They flew in June 19, 2008 and were only staying here for one night, since the time share my fiancee's dad arranged for us wasn't available until the 20th.Hotel is definately dingy and rather run down had I know it was going to be so far from our hotel, we had been at TI since the 18th, I would of gotten something closer. But that was my fault for not remembering how far it was.Anywho it took them about 40 minutes to get checked in which was annoying but the lady at the front desk was very nice. Rooms was well what it was dingy but clean and in SERIOUS need of an update.So my fiancee go and pick them up the next day, that night we were having dinner with our parents. It was only at our dinner the night after their stay that I learned my sister had left her BM's dress in the room. She discovered this about an hour after they left the Sahara, I was with my dad so I had no clue.My fiancee takes her back to the hotel and the front desk offered to take her up and check the room. Well the room had been cleaned and the dress was no longer in the closet. so they check the lsot and found and it was nowhere to be found as the maid reported nothiong being found in the room.Now I know it was bad on her part for leaving the dress in the room but how dare their own staff steal it.!! So as the bride to be I was glad I wasn't around for this crisis had I been the Sahara would have gotten a huge piece of my mind.This hotel needs to be emploded it is wasy too run down and they have at least one confirme thief working for them.I'd rather stay at motel 6 than here.	
Oct 13 2008	Great little hotel with old vegas vibe	I have stayed at the sahara more than 10 times in the past 5 years and i have to tell you it is one of my favorites by far. This casino has the old school vegas feeling to it...kinda like the Imperial Palace does. The rooms were never dirty when i stayed there..and i didnt experience any bed bugs. If you get the players club card you will get a few comps a year on rooms..im going there again this nov 2nd. Also its right by the monorail for easy access to the strip!	
Oct 12 2008 	Bed Bugs!!	Do not stay here! Yes, it's cheap, but it's not worth getting bed bugs! The first room we stayed at, I got bit 4 times in my sleep. Now I'm all itchy and have large red spots all over my arm and chest. We found the bug the next morning and it was definetly a bed bug. There was blood everywhere after we squished it. They pretty much had a feast with me. So we called down to the front desk to have them switch us rooms. They were extremely calm and acted like it happens all the time. The worst thing was, we found out they let new people stay in there the next day probably without even cleaning for the bed bugs.	
Oct 12 2008	Imagination	I did not stay here but wondered down to this middle eastern throwback while staying at another hotel. The attractive architecture caught my eye (and imagination). This place is very old but that is part of its charm . . . having been to the real middle east, I welcome the chance to get a taste of it again, even if only vicariously through walking around its camel and rider statues or wondering into its small and simple casino room . . . adding to the mystique, it is a good distance from the other hotels, being further north than they are. It is quiet and forgotten, and everything you would expect a relic from the ancient Las Vegas to be.	
Oct 10 2008 	Old but Reasonably Priced	My husband and I have stayed here about three times over the past few years. I can't see paying $300/night for a room in Vegas, and this hotel is well within our budget. We stay here because it's cheap, clean, has pretty good casino ventilation, the tables have very low limits, and it's located on one of the monorail stops. We always book a &quot;deluxe&quot; room which is usually only $10 more a night, and worth it. The deluxe room tower is closer to the casino, and it's just nicer than the regular rooms. You get what you pay for here--there is no glam, no feather pillows, and food pretty much sucks. On the flip side, the staff has always been courteous, the drinks good, and the decor is kind of fun -- the Casbah Lounge can be a fun time if you let it. We 'rocked' with a fun group one night, and had a blast. Also, contrary to other posts, our rooms have always been clean...dated yes, but always clean.	
Oct 9 2008 	Filthy Hotel	We came down for the trade show and when we booked they said all the rooms had been recently remodeled. I cannot begin to tell you how filty the room was, the bed was old &amp; saggy. The water dripped from the sink drain when you ran water. It certainly makes me think that the inspectors must be being bought off or they would shut it down. What a terrible Vegas experience!!!	
Oct 8 2008 	Don't eat here	I had an fair overall stay here. But several things to remember: First, do not eat at the Sahara. The buffet is one of the worst. I became ill after eating the disgusting looking buffet. Second, if you stay here, upgrade your your room to one of the towers. I did, and it was very worn. I can only imagine what the cheapest rooms looked like. Last but not least, there tends to be very long check in lines here. Allow an hour in line.	
Oct 7 2008 	Just the basics	I just returned from Vegas and my weekend stay at the Sahara. I'm no hotel diva but this place needs to be renovated or imploded -- and PRONTO! Granted it is one of the oldies with lots of history but I would never wish to stay here again.I guess the old adage is true: You get what you pay for and at the Sahara, it isn't much.Check in Friday night was a long wait until someone came and said we could be helped right away if we signed up for the club card. Of course we did.There are few to no amenities (ok, so they had a hair dryer in the room and a iron but no conditioner, shower cap or lotion, coffee maker, etc) The carpet at the door was torn and shredding.The room was tidy and the bathroom relatively clean but there was a strange odor when I turned on the faucet and ran the water. (Old pipes?!)On our last night, our toilet backed up (I won't go into disgusting details) and despite two phone calls to housekeeping no one ever came. I had to resort to &quot;dropping trou&quot; over the bathtub (I'm a girl!) at least two times.So that my review isn't entirely negative: It is a Monorail stop so that makes it very convenient. The black out drapes worked and the shower wasn't all that bad.If all you want is a place to drop your luggage (or mall purchases) and rest your head, I'm sure this would be fine. It's definitely not a place for a romantic weekend.My last comment: Why are the only choices in Vegas either a $300 a night room or a bargain basement $95? Isn't there a happy medium for a weekend visit?	
Oct 7 2008 	Great for us!	My husband and I were on a budget and wanting to end our California vacation with a stop in Vegas. This would be the fourth and last hotel on our vacation. We were searching for a hotel with a cheap price on the 'strip'. We've been to Vegas before and knew the location of this hotel.After reading the mixed (mostly negative) reviews...I was a bit worried. We had NO problems! We checked in on a Saturday and checked out Monday morning. Our flight arrived Vegas at 8am Sat...and I was worried about our luggage and getting into a room. At that time there wasn't a line at the front desk and the desk clerk explained that we could check our bags with the bell desk and check in after noon. No problem for us, we went off in search of breakfast.We came back after noon and checked in...only to find that our room wasn't ready but we had all of our paper work done. We needed to be back after 3pm to actually get our keys into our room. The desk clerk couldn't have been more friendly! A few of the reasons we booked the Sahara was that the Monorail was right there, the duece bus stop was also there and this hotel had a liquor store right there. Each of these things were very easy to find and we used them often. The first day each got a 24 hr Monorail pass for $12 a piece and got our money's worth. The next day we got a 24 hr pass on the duece (which went up and down the strip and to down town) for $5 a piece. We would each grab a large beer from the liquor store and ride the Monorail to where-ever. The duece doesn't allow alcohol. We had purchased an $11 shuttle to and from the airport with our Expedia package... we never used an expensive Taxi. When we came back to get the keys to our room, I was expecting a line again, there were maybe only 10 people at the most and it didn't take long at all. Our spacious, clean room was in the tower that started with a &quot;T&quot; and everything worked. The only thing I could find fault with it was that the carpet needed to be replaced and the furnishings were a bit dated...that's it! No big deal! Maybe this tower was the one to be in?The Sahara buffet: My husband noticed that if we got a Sahara club card (easy to get and free) we could eat at the buffet for $6.99. I told him that I've read this buffet was horrible but, we went anyway. I was pleasantly surprised! I stuffed myself here! Sure, it wasn't anything fancy but, it was bigger than I thought it would be and I found lots of things I liked! There were locals in line that said they come here often.The pool: I didn't bring my suit, but I had to take a look. Yes, it 's not a fancy pool like you would see in the newer hotels. It was small and a bit crowded but, I really wanted to jump in. They had a snack/drink bar there and plenty of tables and loungers amongst the palm trees. Next time I'm bringing my suit! I told my husband, &quot;The next time we come to Vegas, since we've done the whole sight see-ing thing in the afternoons...we're now going to relax by the pool during the day time and do our walking/gambling/sight seeing during the night&quot;. All in all...for the price I'd stay here again...in that same tower.	
Oct 5 2008 	Very good price / quality!	We booked this hotel on expedia about 2 months in advance. We stayed 7 nights.On weekdays this hotel only charges about 40 US.$ a night and for what you get this price is really unbelievable. In weekends its about twice this price but still not bad at all for a hotel on the 'strip'!The room was large and clean, beds were comfortable. There is no breakfast included but we got a cream cheese bagel with a coffee for only 4$ per person every morning at the Grind Café inside the hotel/casino. It is also possible to get a big all you can eat breakfast at the buffet for 9,95 on weekdays and 14,95 in weekends, because they include champagne.. Even if you don't want to drink champagne or aren't even of legal age to do so, you still have to pay 14,95 which didn't make much sense to me.The buffet at the hotel is only 6.95 if you have a Sahara Club Card, which you can get for free. This buffet is the cheapest in vegas and was not bad, there are better ones out there like at the Excalibur for 12,95.. But for 6,95 its really not bad at all!The pool is awful, way to crowded even on weekdays. Also it closes at 7pm. A little early if you'd ask me.The casino is alright, I'm not a high stakes player so this was a very good spot for me. It's also walking distance from the Circus Circus casino which is my favorite on the strip!	
Oct 2 2008 	Just Marking Time Until Demolition	Before I begin my review, let me explain just a little bit about myself so those of you reading this will understand where I'm coming from when I tell you about my experience at the Sahara. I'm a very casual and usually low-budget kind of guy and I like things that are &quot;retro&quot; such as old motels along US Route 66. Thus, I don't expect every hotel I stay at to be perfect. That being said, I simply cannot recommend the Sahara to anybody for any reason.The planning for this trip began right off the bat with a bad omen. While attempting to use the Sahara's website to make my reservation (for a Friday and Saturday night), something went wrong and I had to call in to get things right. I will admit that the person I got on the phone dealt with the snafu promptly and in a friendly manner.I chose the Sahara because I wanted to go to one of the last &quot;old school&quot; places left on The Strip. I also liked the fact that it has its own monorail stop. With every place both cheap and fancy, old and new receiving so many divergent reviews here on TripAdvisor, I figured that the Sahara couldn't be all that bad especially since I am by no means a particularly picky traveler.There was plenty of available parking all through the weekend. But, the people who accompanied me and I knew something was amiss as soon as we took our first elevator ride in the parking garage. The elevators were all seriously beaten up, laden with graffiti, and made sounds that really made one wonder if they would either leave you stranded or suddenly plummet to the bottom. The old style ornamentation on the doors to the casino was nice to see, and we all hoped for better things inside.As usual for Las Vegas, the line for check-in was long. What irritated me about it was that only two people were working any of the many windows built to accommodate the incoming guests (not the right thing to do for a Friday in my opinion), and those who were actually on duty seemed to be disinterested and in absolutely no hurry to speed things along (much time-wasting chit-chat was going on between the two actually working and other employees wandering behind the counter for no apparent reason). It took us just shy of 90 minutes to complete the check-in process after having first gotten in line at about 2:55 PM.When we finally got into our room, I was aghast. The room was full of dust and very musty. The carpet was torn and stained, and the floor it was on was uneven -- leaning toward the window which gave a slight feeling that one could roll out of there at any moment. The bathroom was dingy with a torn shower curtain and the floor did not appear to be fully cleaned. We had a decent view of The Strip, but it had to be seen through a window that hadn't been cleaned in at least two weeks. The walls were beaten and stained, and even the ceiling had large, crusty brown blemishes. The air conditioner took a long, long time to cool the room, but it did eventually get things comfortable temperature wise (admittedly, it was over 100 degrees Fahrenheit during our stay). The beds themselves were OK, but the sheets and blankets had the same musty smell as the room, only stronger. The television had awful reception on almost every channel and they failed to check the batteries in the remote control (they were so weak that one had to sit on the edge of the bed to get the channel to change).As luck would have it, the ice machine on our floor was not only broken, but also leaking water so badly that I thought it was trying to create another Lake Mead. A very nice security guard with a thick eastern European accent apologized profusely and I saw him call in at least twice to request an immediate repair. Sadly, that call was never answered and I spent the whole weekend trying different floors to find a machine that still had some ice left in it.They were also very slow in picking up the leftover dishes from those who ordered room service. The room next to us had their stuff left out for at least 16 hours and it began to stink from fish -- not a peasant smell to deal with when trying to get to one's room.The casino itself is darker and dirtier than most, and I can only assume that the extra low lighting is helping to hide more filth and other things needing repairs. Other than the entry doors and a few other minor things, the Sahara does not give off any sense of its past, glorious history. It just seems to be sitting there marking time and taking in what it can before it goes the way of all the other classic spots on The Strip and gets &quot;blow'd up&quot; to be replaced.The one good thing I can say about the Sahara is for the bartenders at the little &quot;island&quot; bars within the main casino area as well as in the NASCAR Cafe. Each one was very friendly, respectful, made us all feel appreciated, and put together some great mixed drinks. All of the other employees (minus the one security guard I mentioned above) seemed very gruff as opposed to most of the other major casinos we went to during this stay.I am by no means holding against the Sahara the things it cannot control -- you know, the usual Las Vegas &quot;sideshows&quot; such as the time-share pushers, the various means males are offered &quot;companionship,&quot; and the like. However, I do blame the Sahara for letting itself go like a fat-era Elvis. If you can plan far enough ahead and search properly, you can get a similar price at another big casino, or you can pay a little (or a lot) more and get something more fitting. Yes, Las Vegas is not a place intended for spending a lot of time in one's room. But, that time one DOES spend in the room should be better than what the Sahara now offers. For those of you who have stayed there recently and got better accommodations, I am sincerely glad that you had a better stay than my party and I did. But, I just cannot recommend the Sahara in good conscience even for budget travelers.	
Oct 2 2008 	No Complaints Here.........	I paid $39 per night for my stay on Honeymoon. Found the room to be clean and tidy. Fair enough the decor is a little tired and it's a bit out of the way for most of the main attractions but for the price the value is excellent. I had the best steak I've ever tasted at the House of Lords steak house. Would stay again if I went back to Vegas......	
Sep 26 2008 	Look elsewhere	You get what you pay for - the hotel is dated, the rooms do not even have a coffee maker or alarm clock. There was a false fire alarm during my 3-day stay. If this is the only on-strip hotel in your budget, give a serious look to something off-strip. Due to construction of new hotels along the way, its not exactly walkable to the main strip casinos.	
Sep 24 2008 	Outstanding value	I stayed at this hotel for my friends stag do (bachelor party). This hotel offers outstanding value and is clean and well equipped.My parents are going to stay here in a month or so and I have absolutely no qualms in that. It is a bog standard hotel – everything works. The food is exceptionally cheap $8 for the buffet dinner. Yes it is big and impersonal but hey this is Las Vegas and there is tons to see in one of the wonders of the modern world. People want to pay $40 and expect a $300 room well its not gonna happen. You get a standard room with ensuite. The bed is comfortable the bathroom works you get cable tv. Frankly at this price there is nothing to complain about – enjoy las vegas and sleep when required. Having stayed in some awful places around the world I can say that this hotel at $40 is better value than many I have stayed in at $5. I hope this makes sense – only proper travellers will know. This is a proper hotel – this is luxury at a low low price. If you want a $300 room it is easy to find – but you still get one bed and one bathroom. The Sahara gets a big thumbs up from me.	
Sep 23 2008 	Nice Place	It was my first trip to Las Vegas as a group, and it was Great.The hotel was nice . We had lot of Fun.	
Sep 22 2008 	Tired Old Hot and Smelly	I stayed at the Sahara Hotel in August, due to the rates and the close proximity to the convention I was attending. I have been going to Vegas since 1973, this was my first, and my last at the Sahara. The rooms are tired,old, smelly and depressing. The room however was not dirty, it was kept clean by the friendly staff. The rug on my floor had a huge hole in it and the air condtioning was low at best,and was controlled by the hotel, so you could not make it higher. I had to postion myself in a certain part of the bed to catch a bit of the AC. My room had a strange odor, but rather than complain (other people were,to no satisfaction) I decided to buy a can of air freshener in the hotel gift shop. What amazed me was that they had 6 large cans of the stuff....... If you are looking for a bargain...this is the depressing dump to stay in. I would rather go for the extra bucks and stay elsewhere.	
Sep 21 2008 	Go before this last glimpse of Old Vegas is gone!	I am happy but frankly shocked that this place hasn't fallen victim to the wrecking ball yet. A couple of years ago, there were rumors that this place was going to be sold and the new owners would demolish the property and build new on it (like all the old Vegas hotels before it.). The prime Vegas real estate it is sitting on is worth far more than the structure itself, and many people believe that the Sahara is not putting to optimal use the land its sitting on. (e.g. a 5000 room luxury resort). New owners bought it in 2007, and so far, say they just plan on &quot;renovating&quot;.The Sahara is 55 years old and by no means a luxury resort. That said, the rooms themselves are clean, modern, and an unbelievable value for money on the strip. I have stayed on weeknights for rates as low as $30.75+taxThe hotel has 2 towers, the much older one that went up in the 1960's and the newer one from the 1991 renovation. All the cheapest &quot;standard&quot; rooms are located in the older tower. There is really not that much difference in the &quot;standard&quot; rooms in the older tower and the &quot;deluxe&quot; rooms in the newer tower. The rooms in the newer tower usually cost about $10-15 more, are slightly larger, and have individually controlled Aircon/Heating. In the older tower, there is central heat and A/C but it is controlled centrally, and there's no way to adjust each room. (I've never been too hot or too cold when staying in the standard rooms, whether it was summer and 110F outside in the summer or 25F outside on a cold desert winter night.) Also, most (if not all) the smoking rooms are located in the old tower. ALL rooms at the Sahara have TV with cable, dresser, closet, iron and ironing board, hair dryer, bathroom with bathtub/shower combo, and your choice of one king size bed or 2 double beds. They have a heated pool which is actually quite nice for a hotel in this price range.Check in can be hit and miss. Sometimes there's a long line, sometimes there's no problem. There are self check-in kiosks now in the lobby if you don't want to wait in line.As far as the restaurants go, I have only eaten at their Buffet, as it is such a good value. Of course its not the most elaborate buffet in Las Vegas, but there's a suprising variety at all meals for the price and I've never had any problems with the food. It was all pretty good. For the best buffets in town, don't miss the buffets at Paris, Bellagio, and Planet Hollywood, but be prepared to pay at least double the price at the Sahara. For a special treat, I say go to these hotels for their fantastic buffets. For a place just to have a decent meal for an excellent price on the strip, stick with the Sahara. There is also the House of Lords Restaurant and the NASCAR cafe in the Sahara Hotel but I've never tried either of these. For cheap eats, there is also an IHOP near the hotel (across the street).The casino is not bad at all. The minimum bets are quite low for the strip and the dealers are friendly. There are some $5 blackjack tables, and some higher tables. Craps was a $5 minimum the last time I was there. They have lots of slot machines from a penny to $25 a pull. The tables are rarely crowded. This property is on the north end of the strip, but don't let that stop you from staying here. Transportation is no problem whatsoever here. The Sahara is the last stop on the Monorail, which is a fast way to get up and down the strip (but a little pricey). A better deal is to take the Deuce buses which run up and down the strip constantly 24 hours a day. $5 will get you a ticket for unlimited rides for 24 hours from the time of purchase. If you are traveling as a family or a small group, always do the math first, and realize that most of the time a taxi will cost about the same and will get you there a lot faster. Taxis fares are reasonable compared to other US cities so depending on the size of your party this may be the best way to go. I have never had any issue with safety at night on this end of the strip!Overall, this place remains a wonderful value for money, which is becoming an increasingly hard find in Vegas. I hope it stays around for a long time, but I wouldn't bet on it.	
Sep 9 2008 	Disgusting	Roaches, cigarette burns in the bedding, patched dirty carpet, rusted bathroom fixtures, peeling wallpaper, smoke in the non-smoking room, overpriced, hidden charges. Not much else to say except that all the people in the check out line with me had the same disgusting rooms.	
Sep 8 2008	Not worth the money!	There were 8 of us staying at the Sahara hotel and Casino and we all paid for a deluxe room. First thing, when we went to check-in, the guy at the register(I believe his name was Patrick) was completely rude! 2 of the couples that were there was on there anniversary trip. We all paid for deluxe rooms with King size beds. When we got to our rooms, we all had 2 double beds, the air conditioning did not work, and the smell was horrible. I went back down stairs 4 times until they finally put us up in a room that was ok..I told the manager if that was a deluxe room then I would hate to see what a standard room looked like. 1 of the couples woke up the following morning with a bug in the shower. If you want to stay at the Sahara don't expect a deluxe room to be a DELUXE room. I would rather pay extra money and stay somewhere else...Also, the couple across the room ordered room service and when they were done sat the tray out their door where it sat there for 2 days. It still had food on it. The maid passed it so why didn't she pick it up...Like I said, pay the extra money and stay somewhere nicer..Shaun	
Sep 8 2008 	would be a returned guest	We just stayed at the Sahara and had a wonderful time. We loved the casino, it was our favorite of all on the strip. You were able to play the slots for awhile on your money and they did pay off better than any other casino. I can't say as much for the rooms. Although the rooms were clean.....they could use some updates. The furniture was pretty old and scared up and the carpet was stained and could have used a good cleaning. But the service was really good and all the employees were very friendly and very helpful. I would absolutely stay here again.	
Sep 5 2008 	Stop complaining!	We stayed at the Sahara from August 26-September 4, and it was our first time in Las Vegas. Honestly, after reading so many negative reviews of the place, I don't know what everybody's problem is, and I'm glad we didn't take the reviews too seriously.Check in: We arrived at 12:00 noon, and checked in right away-- no lineups, and our rooms were ready. For a $20 tip we were put on the 21st floor. Those who didn't tip were left on the lower floors with no view and lots of construction noise from next door. Yes, there were lineups at peak hours, but they always moved fast. My score: 8.5Room quality: About equal to your average Ramada. Clean and basic no-frills accommodation. To those who complain about having to watch an older-style tv and not a 40&quot; LCD-- did you really go to Vegas to watch tv? Maid service was efficient and there were several working ice machines on every floor. TV had lots of channels and PPV movies. My score: 7.0Pool: Large pool deck with plenty of sun and loungers, but the pool itself was small for a hotel of this size and there is no deep end. Still, it was nicely landscaped and had a poolside bar. Our biggest problem was that it closed so early (7:00pm), but we soon found out that most pools in Vegas close early, I guess because they want you to be out spending your money! My score: 6.5Food: Sign up for your players' card and you get the evening buffet for $6.99. After 3 nights we were sick of it (not sick from it, relax!). Food was bland and overcooked, and the prime rib had all of the fat left on it. Did their cooks ever hear of a trimming knife? Great way to make somebody lose their appetite. Caravan Cafe has great burgers, wings &amp; salads. Room service was quick, food was good and very reasonably priced. We did not eat at the House of Lords or at Pacos, so we cannot comment on those. My score: 6.5Casino: Nice size, nice layout, lots of low-roller games and slots. Drink service was very inconsistent-- some nights it was great, other nights it often took 30 minutes or more for a drink. And yes, we tipped every time. Biggest issue with the casino was the 2 hotel clerks meeting everybody at the entrance trying to shove show tickets in our faces. Didn't matter how many times we passed them, they never caught on that we weren't interested. I have to add, however, that every hotel we visited was like this. My score: 7.0Location: Thank God for the monorail. We originally were going to book the Stratosphere, but after looking at the map we were glad we picked the Sahara, the last stop Northbound. It's a 10-15 minute walk anywhere, which is often doubled because of the construction of a condo next door. You often have to cross the strip several times between points A and B just because of sidewalk closures. Not Sahara's fault, but a major pain in the [--] nonetheless. If not for the monorail station, we would never have stayed here. The Deuce bus may only be $2 per ride, but with so many stops and so much traffic, walking is usually faster. My score: 6.0Entertainment: Lots of B/C-grade talent has left the Sahara in recent months: Trent Carlini (Elvis), Roseanne Barr, Amazing Johnathan and more. You have to be in your 70's to appreciate the Platters et al, and we did not attend the much-hyped Raw Talent. Either this gig doesn't pay much, or the big names simply want to play in bigger venues. Since we did not attend a show here, my score is N/A. Overall: We booked the Sahara because of its value ($445 for 9 nights) and because of the monorail stop. They did not disappoint. The pool and the casino were adequate, and general hotel service quality was very good. Small gift shops and a liquor store are conveniently located in the lobby, and prices are reasonable for the Strip. Not knocking this place at all, but next time we will likely pay a little more and stay closer to the action. I give it a final score of 7.0	
Sep 4 2008 	Ghetto as HELL!!!!!	OMG where should i start? I booked this hotel because we were attending my husband niece's wedding and since it was the labor day holiday weekend it was the best rate on the strip. The carpet in the shabily decorated room was horribly stained with who knows what. Probably some bodily fluids to boot. The room smelled and the wall paper was ripped and worn! We were given a smoking room as my husband likes to smoke cigars in Vegas but I've never been in a worse smoking hotel room than this one! The floor in the bathroom was sticky and dirty too. We all walked around in sandals. The beds were comfortable but when my son lifted up the sheet, the mattress was stained horribly! So disgusting! Luckily, because of the wedding we didnt spent too much time in the room, just to sleep. WE spent most our time at the MGM Grand visiting with my mother in law. The MGM Grand is Awesome but expensive. On our last day at the Sahara we went over to stay at the Palace Station which is also on Sahara Ave but on the other side of the freeway. What a difference! We ended up staying another night in Vegas at the Palace Station. If you're looking for a budget but clean hotel, Palace Station is the way to go. I wish I would have booked us originally there, it was almost the same price. I will NEVER NEVER again stay at the Sahara unless they do a remodel and overhaul!	
Sep 2 2008 	You get what you pay for	My husband stayed at the Sahara for 18days whilst he was working nearby; I stayed only one night, so the review is from both of us in fact. It is very cheap (we paid nearly the same amount for 6 days in the MGM Signature), but the principal of paying peanuts and getting monkeys applies: my husband only had his sheets changed once in 18 days - and then he asked for them. We stayed in the Tangiers tower and the air-conditioning worked well. (Reading other reviews for this hotel I know that it does not always). The day-to-day cleaning of the room was actually good; but the fact that the room had been a smoking one for over 20 years meant that, despite being non-smoking now, the stench of smoke was impregnated into the walls and furniture: my clothes stank of smoke and I was only in the room for one night. There were years of dirt ingrained round the mirrors, for example.We ate in the House of Lords restaurant (their best) the last night: the maître D' welcomed us very well, but the table service was surly and bordering on rudeness; a shame as the food was very good, My husband and his colleagues ate in the NASCAR cafe a few times and said that was very good. They ate the buffet quite a few times and the quality varied enormously.Advantages : room a good size, cheap, near Stratosphere and monorail link to the Strip,Disadvantages: too far from the Strip to walk, smoke-laden environment, unhelpful serving staff, be careful about weekend prices - $43 duing the week becomes $98 at the weekends; and that is without all the &quot;extra&quot; and Resort charges. Internet access is $12 a dayBritish visitors : remember to keep lots of small bills for tips: everyone expects them!	
Aug 31 2008 	Love it	Value for money this hotel is second to none. This is the second time we have stayed here and both times have been great. The rooms are an older theme, which we don't mind, they are clean and comfortable. Staff are friendly and there is a big pool.The table limits are low, as there aren't too many of those casinos with low limits around now. The food at the caravan cafe was very good, we were advised not to go to the buffet by a staff member!	
Aug 31 2008 	Rollercoaster ride of a hotel	The hotel was very cheap compared to all the other hotels on the Strip but it's located on the furthest end so not very convenient if you want to navigate across the different hotels by foot on the strip. Offers entertainment, casino, pool and located right in front of the monoline train. Has a rollercoaster ride right at the front of the hotel. This hotel has been outlived by other fancier hotels down the road but for the price that they're offering, you pay a fraction compared to the other hotels for the same service. It was a great hotel in its heyday of the 70's with guests like Elvis and Sinatra.	
Aug 29 2008 	This property has seen better days	My wife and I stayed at the Sahara August 12 thru the 16th after spend a couple of days in Laughlin. Check in was lined up about 40 deep and since they only had three people at the the desk we spent an hour plus waiting to check in. I went by the desk area and they were backed up at at Midnight, 8 am, noon and all times of the day.Made the mistake of eating at the buffet my first day at the Sahara and asked the wife if she would like to check out and return to Laughlin. Never ate another meal at this resort.Rooms were adequate but airconditioning could have used some vitamins. The maid service was very good and they were did their best so no complaints about them. They had a water outage my third day their and there was no notice so I asked the maid who was unaware of what going on and she told me they hoped to have the water back on in a couple of hours. I'm glad I wasn't there to get married or accpept the Nobel Prize because that could have been a problem.Drink service whether at the tables on or at the machines was pathetic. Even my wife who drinks very little commented on what was undoubtable the worst cocktail service of any place I've ever stayed in Las Vegas. I'll never stay at the property again.Before I stay at the Sahara again I'll stay at the Motel 6.	
Aug 20 2008 	Great hotel!	Stayed at The Sahara in April,2008 for 2 nights. It is at the north end of the Strip; we had no problems with the location as this was our third visit to Las Vegas and we liked to walk the Strip. Check in was efficient, the room was spacious; we had a great view from the 15th floor. I would definitely stay at the Sahara in the future!	
Aug 19 2008 	Not a Good Experience	My wife and I stayed at Sahara earlier this summer on an email offer we received. We paid $40/night for 3 nights. We checked in on a Monday afternoon and I thought it we wouldn't have a problem but the line was 30 people deep. The problem was that they only had 3 people at the check in desk so it took quite awhile. Our room was below average. There were holes in the carpet and the painted shelves outside the bathroom were in great disrepair. This wasn't a huge deal, but just doesn't look good. At least it was cheap I guess. The bed was so-so. We took a shower and went out for the day. The shower drained very slowly. We were pretty drunk when we got back so we went straight to bed. We noticed a pretty nasty smell when we woke up and couldn't tell where it was coming from. I went into the bathroom and found where the smell was. There was about 2 inches of water in the tub and it was black. We called down to the front desk and they said they'd send somebody up. The guy actually came up quickly and said he'd come back to fix it. We went to pool for a couple hours and came back to find him still in our room. The problem had got worse. He told us we were going to have to move rooms. They ended up moving us down the hall about 3 doors to a room with 2 small beds and told us that was all they had. So my wife and I ended up sleeping in separate beds for the last couple nights of our trip. The TV was old and a bit fuzzy. The room service food was good. The NASCAR Cafe was good. We both really enjoy gambling at Sahara, but after this experience, I doubt we'll stay there again no matter how cheap it is. There are much better hotels in much better locations that can be had for a little bit more money.	
Aug 16 2008 	great hotel at great price	I spent a weekend at Sahara with a couple of friends and we all loved it. Room was large, clean and comfortable, and service was decent. Although it is in North Strip, the hotel has its own mono-rail station so you can quickly get to the heart of the Strip, and also have a safe ride home too.The atmosphere is great too, and it all comes for a very reasonable price.	
Aug 16 2008 	I love the Sahara	I have visited the Sahara on 2 separate occasions and have never had a bad experience there. In 2005, our accomodations were excellent and well worth the value. When I visited for 2 weeks in 2007, I made it a point to book the Sahara again because I truly love the nostalgic atmosphere of the place. I had heard rumors that they might be closing and had thought that this might be the last time I would get to visit. My last visit was every bit as good as the first in terms of the accomodations. The hotel and casino staff were friendly and helpful and I was even able to get a couple of the buffet meals comped during my stay. My wife and I just booked our third vegas getaway, and once again we made it a point to book the Sahara. I am as excited as a school boy that I get to visit and stay there again. I feel very much like I left a piece of my soul there last year and am looking forward to getting back to it again. I am looking forward to my Sahara stay as much as I am the rest of the visit. Also, I understand some of the negative reviews by non-smokers. I do not smoke and find it quite disgusting. Vegas is probably one of the most smoker friendly cities left in the US. With that being said, I had no problems in my non-smoking room and could only smell smoke in the lobby and the casino areas (which I found to be equally true in the many other hotels and casinos that I visited during my trip). I can't wait to get back to a place that feels like my Vegas home.	
Aug 11 2008 	Sahara is Average	I thought the Sahara was fine. The room was your average two full bed square box. Furniture and décor were a little dated and worn, but serviceable. A/C worked very well!! There is a Monorail stop and Bus stop at the hotel. Which is nice since it's at the north end of the strip and not really close to the other casinos. I didn't try any of the restaurants at the hotel, except for the Coffee Shop in the morning for pastries, fruit and coffee it was pretty good. The casino was OK, but you can definitely find better ones. They had a nice pool when it was open. It was only open for 3 full days out of the 6 days that I stayed there. Also their customer service could use some work. It was tough to get them on the phone after you checked-in. I would recommend checking- out through the interactive TV in your room, if possible. This way you don't have to wait in line at the front desk. For the price the place is decent.	
Aug 11 2008 	Victim of Unsecured Hotel	Well, I just got back from Vegas, this was my 3rd time going there and the experience was nice, as allways,. with the exception of the hotel. That Sahara Hotel piece of s***. I went with my family. Checking in was kind of simple, but once we got to the hall way by our room I knew something was wrong with this hotel...and yes I have a list:* The smell in the second floor is awfull, I think is due to humidity.* The carpet is filthy.* Poor ilumination.-Going into the room:* The same smell.* Scratched and old furniture.* Old, smelly and in bad shape blankets.* Lamps are a short circuit hazard. * Dirty Courtains.-We try to get another room, so the front desk gave us two on the 17th floor, we thought the room would be somehow better, and it was pretty much the same, just with a much better view. but we decided to stay on the secon flooor.The ordeal begins on our second day in the hotel, We left the room like al 11am and got back like at 10. By 10:10pm that night My brother was calling hotel security because some items were missing, two lap tops and some other things. Why did we leave those things there? we were on vacation, we werent going to be carrying lap tops all over the place, and we thought it will be safe, since we allways make sure to close our door and lock it. I know now we were wrong. That night hotel security took for ever to arrive at our room, apparentlly they were dealing with some other issues, we were being brushed off by hotel staff, at the end nobody knew they supervisior, hotel manager, nothing. We called the police, which was helpless, so if you try to have a unit at the hotel is not going to happend. We had to leave at 12 the next day so we ended up spending our last hours in Vegas filing the report. According to the laws of Nevada hotels are onlly responsible for reinbursing up to $750 (just read the little stamps behind the room door,) but thats it, that never happend and our things all together were worht over $3000. Hotel Saharathanks a lot for ruining my vacation. I just want people to know what kind of hotel this is.The only good thing was the person in charge that night on the front desk, he listent to us and was as helpfull as he could, but other than that, I'm never ever staying at that hotel again, in fact if I know of someone looking for a hotel, or staying in this one, I'll let them know of what is going on there.	
Aug 10 2008 	Disapointment	My wife and I wanted to go for a few day getaway to Las Vegas. We stayed at the Sahara, it was horrible, from the moment we arrived. The check in desk had only two people working, so at check in time, there was a line that was an hour and a half long. After speaking to a few people this is common for this hotel. We requested a non smoking room, and surprise for us we got a smoking room. I understand that it is Las Vegas and you don't spend that much time in you room, but when we woke up the next morning it felt like I smoked a pack during my sleep. The service was really bad, and when we spoke to the hotel manager about our time there, he blew us off. I guess that our business was not important to them.	
Aug 9 2008 	Just ok... Not too bad as other reviews say.....	The hotel is not too bad... Location is great... Bus stop and Monorail are just few minutes away..... My room was actually clean, spacious, even though it was just a deluxe room with 2 double beds. Hotel staff were very friendly. True, we had to wait 45 minutes to check in, but I have went to other hotels on the strip, and they all had line ups... I don't mind staying at Sahara again... It was a nice trip overall...	
Aug 9 2008 	Great !	I have been to Vegas several times but had never stayed at the Sahara. Price seemed very good so my girl friend and I gave it a shot. We got to the Hotel at 7pm. There was no line at check in the staff was very friendly. Our room in the Tangiers was very nice. Beds and pillows were very comfortable. We headed to the casino and found it to be very nice and clean. Ate the breakfast buffet one morning and thought it was ok. I have read many reviews and can honestly say that we did not experience any problems that you may read about.	
Aug 7 2008 	Spend the extra money and stay some where else!!!!!!	They only thing good about staying was that we didn't have to wait long to check in, you just have to get their before 2p.m.The air for the room didn't work very well, couldn't even sleep under a sheet it was so hot. The room was dirty, stains all over the carpet, stains on the bathroom counter, and was afraid to charge my phone into a plug in. I thought i was going to pull everything out of the wall when I went to unplug curling iron. No ice machine was working on any floor, and you had to pay $2.50 for a bag. Cocktail service was terrible. Then when we get home and get our bank statement we were charged an extra $12.00 per person to stay there. I thought all that stuff was taken care of when I booked on line. When I called and asked I was told we should have been told when we booked and when we checked in we should have been told. SAVE YOURSELF A HEADACHE AND SPEND THE EXTRA TO STAY SOME PLACE ELSE.	
Aug 7 2008 	Very Happy	I was very worried to come here after all the bad reviews I had read. To my pleasant surprise, the check in only took maybe 15 min. the staff was super nice and helpful with all of our questions. The room was old but clean and had a great view of the Stratosphere. Housekeeping was also very nice, they called to see if we wanted or needed anything. Checkout was so very easy, we did it from our room. We asked for an early wake up call and it came through for us. Getting a cab from the back sometimes took a few minutes but on the day we left they were there waiting. My husband and I would not even question staying there again, for what you pay you get more. My husband loved the breakfast buffet and the omelet station we ended up eating there 3 days.	
Aug 5 2008 	Nightmare	It took well over an hour to check into our room. At 10pm along with 100's of others there were only 2 front desk clerks. There was a mix up with our room so we had to change rooms. In total it was 2 hours before we were settled in our room.We woke up in the morning to discover our shower did not work.We repeatedly called maintenance as well as the front desk to no avail.We went out for the day arriving back at 5:30pm. Still no reply on the shower situation. After calling and getting again no answer my husband and I went straight to a manager. He was very professional and delt with the situation immediately. We received his apologies as well as a upgrade to a beautiful suite.Problem solved.....On the day we left we checked out, stored our luggage and were looking forward to a lovely day poolside before our 8pm flight. We befriended a nice couple from washington and spent the better part of the day with them. We were having a great time in the pool, having a couple of drinks. Someone decided that someone in our group had said something inappropriate. my husband was singled out by 8 of your security guards. When asked about the comment my husband apologized for any such comment and assured the guards it was a simple misunderstanding and would not happen again. They were rude to all of us . Asking us to leave the hotel, not letting us dry off change or cash in our chips. We found the whole situation incredibly humiliating and unnecessary. To be paraded half naked through a casino by 8 of your guards was cruel and uncalled for. We choose to spend my husbands 30th Birthday in your hotel and the experience was truley horrible....	
Aug 2 2008 	Adequate with long lines @ check in 	Stayed two nights during the week with an extremely low rate booked at the hotels web site after receiving an email alerting me to a special price on the rooms. Sign up at the hotel web site for their emails.Yes, this hotel is at the far north of the strip, but it's got a monorail stop just out the door and up an escalator. Also, two bus stops, one in front for the &quot;deuce&quot; and one behind for the regular buses. You can bus it to the hotel for $1.25 from the airport or downtown if you do a little research. You can also walk to the Wynn/Venetian area. It's 1.2 miles and the route is not usually crowded like it is further down the strip.Rooms are adequate. Got a standard room this time. Previously have stayed in their suites which are a good value compared to others on the strip. My room this time could have been cleaner. It should have been vacuumed better. Linens and bathroom were clean though.I arrived around 10am and was asked to come back to check in when rooms would be available. Fair enough. I checked my bags and went to play poker. Returned in mid afternoon and the line to check in was about 60 feet long with only 3 stations open at the desk. Decided to go get a bite to eat at the buffet and discovered it was due to open at 4:30pm. Also noticed that with my &quot;club sahara&quot; card I could get the buffet for about 1/2 price so I decided to waste some time and come back later. At 4:45pm the line for the buffet was easily 100 feet long with no apparent movement. Went to McDonalds across the street. Came back and the line at check in was the same length. Played poker until 11pm. Check in line at 11pm was gone. Check in staff were courteous.Long story short - great prices, adequate rooms, clean bathrooms, airconditioning worked well, but plan on standing in long lines at times. A fair distance from the heart of the strip but it has great options for getting there via monorail and bus.Will stay there again if I can get the cheap rates.	
Aug 1 2008 	Do not stay at the Sahara	The service, hotel room , and restaurants were HORRIBLE!!!! We made our reservations for non- smoking rooms and were given smoking rooms!!!!!!!!!!!!! The rooms smelled not only of smoke but of mildew!!!!!!!!!!!! The carpet was old and dirty. The vanity had Cigaret stains and the furniture was old. When we called the front desk NO one ever picked up the phone. We asked for clean towels and finally were given some 3 hours after the second phone call. The brochure at the hotel stated that the breakfast buffet was only $8.99 and we were charged 15.99! When I asked why the brochure quoted a different price the cashier said that the brochure was not updated. The date on the brochure was May of 2007. The food was COLD and half of the buffet tables were empty. Over all it has been the worst experience I have had in any hotel!!! Would never recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Aug 1 2008 	Hotel of Elvis Presley times....	The hotel is quite old, but worth the price you pay for. The A/C was not quite effective as compared to new hotels, but definitely wont let you sweating. The rooms were neat in general. The minus points are that, its at the end of the vegas strip and the casinos are not that lively. So if you could spend some more money, you can look out for MGM, Haraas or the Belagio. For budget travelers, Sahara could be the best. I personally was happy about the stay, except that I forgot to pick my cell phone charger while checkout and when enquired, was informed that it was not there in the room, despite of the fact that nobody checked in after me.	
Jul 30 2008	location location	The room was very old and tired with multiple color patches in the carpet (never seen anything like that), but very clean. Bathroom was also very old and not attractive. The bed was OK and air-conditioning was only noisy, not very noisy. The hotel promised some buffet food credit coupons, but only gave one. I would not use more than one anyway as food in the buffet was beyond awful. They had Entemann's pastries in the buffet, for crying out loud. Although I think that smoking in casino is officially verbotten, everybody in Sahara did. Overall, the hotel/casino is on par in quality and price with Motel 8 in Butte (yes, there is a casino there in the parking lot); in Butte, however, internet is free and in Sahara it is $12 per day. The location is better than Butte (no monorail to MGM, etc), so one should not complaint too much about the price ($40 per day weekday). They tried to charge an undisclosed fee of $6 per day for something, but I complained loudly and they took it off. eat and gamble elsewhere.	
Jul 27 2008	Fabulous!	After reading other reviews im quite shocked. Our room was exceptional!! We payed a little more to be in the newer tower so perhaps thats why our room was more pleasant. Our room was enormous and had 2 queen beds, a table and chair and a huge chest of draws with TV. The air-con made the room so cold we couldn't sleep with it on and the bathroom was huge 2! the hair dryer and iron and ironing board was convenient as was the drinks machine and ice dispenser on every floor. As for travel to other hotels on the strip the hotel is on the monorail stop and the stratosphere is walking distance. I suppose some people are 2 good for public transport and walking! We found the casino pleasant and the pool was amazing!! The free towel service was highly convenient and the atmosphere around the pool was so relaxed it was paradise! I would love to stop in this hotel again a week was certainly not enough!	
Jul 27 2008	The Sahara	This was an awful experience at The Las Vegas Sahara Hotel. We arrived Monday around 5pm to first get into The Las Vegas Sahara Hotel parking garage that felt unsafe and grossly filthy. When we entered The Las Vegas Sahara Hotel lobby the carpets were stained and dirty and we were wondering what the beds would be like. In the Las Vegas Sahara Hotel lobby here was a line of about 100 people waiting to check in with only one person working. They could have had more &quot;check-in&quot; workers, but left the check-in with one person. When we asked if this was normal from two separate workers, we got the &quot;sure - (eye-roll), this is how it is&quot;. I do understand that this is a cheap hotel, but I have been at motel 6s where the service and ambiance was 50 times better. We ended up leaving and finding another hotel. I think the low room rates for The Las Vegas Sahara Hotel should be low because of the &quot;not-so-great&quot; location and the very noisy roller coaster right outside the hotel windows. I would never recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jul 25 2008 	burn this place down!!	My wife and I decided we would try to save money and we booked a room for 5 days at the Sahara, well you get what you pay for ! sometimes... This place is riding off the memeories of Sinatra, martin etc. They should burn it down and start over. The casino stunk. period. it smelled of old cigarettes, booze and people. everything was sticky, the buffet for 6.99 was not even close to a mickey dee value meal. our room it had a fabulous view of the stratisphere but thats where it ends, the bath room had leaking tub faucets,towels were old and thin, the bed was lumpy and old, the sheets were thin and harse, the rug was badly stained and stunk!Save Money? not a dime, I got out with a 300.00 bill but I ate most meals outside the hotel, with the exception of breakfast which was conveinent.When we came back to the hotel from being out at night the casino was empty maybe 35-40 people tops, no action on the tables and the slots were stingy. I'm going to the hilton next time, I know what I'll get with no surprises.!!	
Jul 24 2008 	Basic Accomodations; Great Price	The Sahara is an older property, and is definitely showing its age. The rooms are very basic -- think 1970's Howard Johnson's. But they were clean and reasonably comfortable. The A/C was only marginally effective -- had to keep the blinds closed to keep the room tolerably cool. Just as well. Not much of a view from my room. The service was marginal, at best. Long lines at check-in, and only 2 clerks working. They are clearly understaffed, even at peak hours. Everyone was pleasant, though.The casino is decent, but the poker room definitely needs an upgrade. It is crowded and very smoky, even though smoking is not actually allowed at the tables (I am a smoker myself, and even I found it unpleasant). The property is off the strip, so you have to take a cab anywhere. There were usually cabs available, but not always. Had to wait for the bellman to call us a cab at checkout. A minor inconvenience, but not something you would experience at any of the major properties on the strip. All that being said, the room rates were excellent, and it was a decent value. Don't plan your honeymoon or a romantic weekend there -- this is NOT a resort property. But if you just want a place to crash, and would rather save your money for the tables, it's definitely worth a look.	
Jul 22 2008	Sahara was great!	Great hotel to stay if on a budged. My overall experience was good. Well worth the money. The room was clean and comfy, the only bad thing is the carpet is stained and the furniture was old, but you get what you pay for so I didn't care. It had a excellent access bridge to the monorail right next to the lobby and a liquor store right in the lobby with cold brewskies. The pool scene was nice and refreshing. It sure beats staying at roach motel for the same price. My only complaint would be the buffet, it was nasty and dull, it made me sick. Just avoid it, the Caravan Cafe is really good.	
Jul 20 2008 	not fancy but nice	Stayed on a Tuesday thru Saturday. 7/15 - 7/19.There were three of us staying in one room. Not real fancy. The furniture is old but the beds were comfortable and clean. They don't give you a lot of extras, but it's inexpensive and we usually bring our own. They do have a fridge you can rent for $10.90 a day. Comes in handy for leftovers and drinks. The monorail is real handy for getting closer to the glitz. The pool is nice but, doesn't open or get any sun until 9 a.m. Only ate one meal in the hotel, breakfast at Caravan's , in the casino. Tasted good and was about average in price. Also at at the IHOP, about a bloke down the blvd. Fast service and just like every other IHOP. We were looking for a quite clean place to stay with easy access to the more glitzy properties and we got it.	
Jul 20 2008 	do NOT stay here it is TERRIBLE	i stayed here for 1 night in july and i would NOT stay here again, i was with some friends so we had 2 other rooms as well and they were all the same!i went to change the temp on the thermostat and the top of it had 1/4 inch of dust on it, the bathroom was tiny and the shower was disgusting, the carpets seemed as if they hadnt been cleaned in a long while and there were places where work had been done and the carpet had just been pushed down without any care! all 4 of us had the buffet for our evening meal 1 came down ill 2 hours later another one came down ill about 5 hours later the 3rd overnight became ill and as i didnt sleep while i was there i lasted about 20 hours before i was ill.DO NOT EAT THE FOOD THEREALL I ALL AVOID THIS PLACE	
Jul 18 2008 	Don't stay here	My wife and I stayed at the Sahara Casino Hotel from July 14th to 17th. We read some of the reviews after we booked and were going to cancel but it was after the 72-hour cancellation penalty before we realized our mistake! The first thing you see upon arriving is the run down garage with trash and broken beer bottles. The elevators are also rundown; the arrows that indicate weather the elevator is going up or down don’t work. Then the elevator’s door open, finally, and you see more trash, then to top it off the fans are broken and it so hot inside the elevator you can’t wait to get out even when the temperature outside was 105. Self-parking is above the third floor we finally found a spot on the fifth.Check-in is at 3 p.m.; we arrived at 4:20 to find a line that was so long I couldn’t believe it was for check-in. The hotel only had two clerks to check in new guests. We waited for 55 minutes before it was our turn.The hotel elevators are also run down and feel like they are going to break down at anytime. Our room was well used and worn out, it should have been remodeled along time ago. The beds were pretty soft but we slept ok on them. The room was a little stuffy when we arrived so we turned on the air conditioner and it was the loudest thing I have ever heard. While we were awake the noise was livable but at night I had to turn it off to sleep, then the room would get stuffy again.I only ate one time in the buffet and it was horrible, the worst I have ever eaten at, and I’m not a picky eater I’ll eat almost anything. One more thing that was disappointing was that the pool was closed at 7 P.M. and they forced you to leave.We only paid $35.00 a night + tax + a $6.00 resort fee. You get what you pay for; I would gladly pay more for a better hotel and will in the future. BUYERS BEWARE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!There were two high points about staying here, first, the Las Vegas Monorail has a station at the back of the hotel so it’s really easy to get to, second, the public bus “the Duce” is also right out in front on the Strip and easy to get to.	
Jul 16 2008 	A bit worn down	The Sahara is a bit worn down, some of the other parts of the hotel might be better though.If i go to Vegas again i would look for some better offers further down the Strip.The pool area is nice, and the bar/cafe is good.It is also a plus that the monorail is so close.	
Jul 10 2008 	Pay the extra cash and stay somewhere else!	My husband and I stayed at the Sahara for 4 nights. The price was nice but you pay for what you get. I read alot of reviews before we booked and I wish I would of listened. If you are a non-smoker beware. All the rooms smell like a smoker was recently there. The buffet was horrible! We tried breakfast and dinner and both were poor quality. The pool was fairly nice. If you do stay there you can get free filtered water by the pool bar. Which is a big bonus considering everyone charges $2+ per bottle. We had some family that stayed at the Flamingo, Planet Hollywood, Paris and New York New York and the hotels were much nicer! Also the hotel is on the far north end of the strip which usually requires a taxi or monorail ride to get to the heart of the strip. Average cost for a taxi to the airport is around $17 one way.  I hope you have a great trip but even if you aren't going to be in your room a great deal I would still recommend paying the extra money for a better newer hotel. Safe Travels!- Laura P Atlanta, Ga	
Jul 10 2008 	Shabby!!!!	We stayed at the Sahara just overnight on our way to California. I had read mixed reviewed but more good than bad. We ended up having a terrible experience. First of all we waited over 45 minutes to check in since they only had 3 clerks on a Saturday night. We were not expecting great things but the shabbiness of our room was very disappointing. The standing lamp had a torn shade, the shower head was broke and the tub faucet leaked. The air circulation was terrible. This is just minor but they didn't even provide tissues (even Motel 6 gives you tissues). This was a standard room that went for $99 a night plus a resort fee of $6. It certainly was not worth the money. The weeknight rate of $37 is more in line for what you get.I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. There are a lot of better options in Vegas.	
Jul 5 2008 	Sahara is an inexpensive place to stay	I wanted to spend my money on gambling not on my room. The rooms are okay but not very clean. Outdated decor. Nice but small casino. Slots payed out pretty good. Friendly dealers at the table games. Check in was fast and overall service was good. At the end of the strip but the monorail was easy to get to and it takes you to the other end of the strip. Ate breakfast at the Caravan Cafe and it was good. The deli also had good food. Good comps with a players card.I will probably stay her again.	
Jul 2 2008 	Never ever ever stay here	This place is awful. We arrived late in the afternoon, carried our luggage up to the hotel room and got ready to go out for the evening, an hour later when we arrived back at my boyfriends truck it had been broken into and everything had been stolen, including his personal hanging clothes we hadn't had an opportunity to take up to the room. Instead of immediately looking at security tapes in hopes of finding and retrieving the perp, they said they would be reviewed within 7-10 days. On top of that there were stains everywhere, the toilet didn't flush--even though they claim to be environmentally friendly, there were holes in the sheets and only 4 channels to watch on the tv. The AC even on high never actually seemed to cool the room. Early sunday morning we were rushed out of our room because of a fire alarm and never recieved information as to why we had to run down 23 flights of stairs. We received about 4 phone calls in the middle of the night from different people looking for the front desk or room service. Cocktail waitresses are slow and the drinks are super weak and the casino area is small. Overheard another guest saying she had bed bugs and another guest was complaining about something before us during checkout. Also the comment card which had poor reviews from the previous guests of our room remained in our room the entire stay. Almost a week later still haven't recieved an apology or any contact from management or security regarding car break in and on duty manager during checkout didn't seem too apologetic either....even Bill's cheesy saloon and hotel had a security gaurd walking the levels of the self park!	
Jul 1 2008 	Cheap Wait	Cheap price. Cheap hotel. The check in took over an hour. Welcome! Check out took 45 minutes. Only two people working the counter. Management should realize that the quicker they check in the more the gamble. The Sports Book if you want to call it that is a joke 4 bench tables in a closet space with 6 TV’s by the elevators and exit door. Pool was good if you like Rap Music blaring and thumping and a beer was $5.00. The buffet was $6.99 but they give you a $10.00 coupon on check in but you have to pay $12.99 if you use the coupon. The buffet was the worst food we had ever attempted to eat gross, nasty and be prepared to sit on the toilet after a few bites. Room was OK air conditioning was little hot, and don’t wear white socks on the carpet the will turn black. Gambling was poor and not that many people playing, still could not get a beer or cocktail. This is casino the waitresses and dealers go after being fired or retired from major casinos. I would rather stay in my car as to stay at the Sahara again.	
Jul 1 2008 	you have to be really pleaser!!	We stayed at Sahara from 17th to 21st of JUN.Ck in procedure was quite long ( approx 40 min ) as only one counter was opened.Room was quite old ( in the oldest tower ) I've asked to move us to an higer floor , because 1st room they gave us , was too close to the A/C engine situated above the roof below, and noise was tremendous.So we were moved to 18th floor. Less noise, but room was anyway really really old. it can be ok if you plane to stay ther just to sleep , nothing more. Carpet was smelling of smoke despite we asked for not smoking room, bathroom really too essential, and towels in very poor conditions.Pool was nice, but opening time was too short ( they close at 7pm ) Buffet was good rated and appreciate.Ok if you want to save money and are not particullary demanding.	
Jun 28 2008 	Would not stay here again!!	If you plan on going here to stay.. Be prepared for rooms with no air conditioning. The exterior hallways are cooler than the rooms. Our first night it was like a sauna. We had three rooms in our party. We all planned to move the next day. We changed rooms and received a room with an acceptable temperature. However in 1 room that we changed into the smell was very bad and the a/c didnt work either. The party complained and was told we will send up a key for you to switch to another room. She waited 1 hour and still no key came. However a group of people came in anyhow who also had keys to the room. The clerk said, &quot;Oh I gave your new key to the bellman 1 hour ago. I figured you where out so I re-rented your room.&quot; Keep in mind my party was in the room for 1 hour and no one came back to clean the room or inspect. A/C Problem-- Well it seems that perhaps some people live with the problem and they just move guests around all the time.The second room I had -- The sheets smelled like they where not washed. The kids complained it smelled like their Papa.I think the Sahara is a place for most people to skip. If you dont mind the heat and dirty rooms then this is the place for you!!	
Jun 27 2008 	Great Place for the price	We went to Las Vegas for our honeymoon we had the large wedding and have a baby so we wanted to go party for a week We decided to stay at the Sahara becasue it was a price we could not pass up!! The floors where stained not dirty but stained we had a great view of the strip oh and construction but there is a lot of construction on the strip so you will see it no matter where you stay I liked the hotel it was a lot of fun the monorail ois right there Paco's restraunt is great and so is there margaritas!! If you are going on a hotel budget stay at the Sahara it is only about $50 more a night to upgrade and the room is double the size of the regular rooms go for the superior I believe is what they call those rooms are the newest and have air condioning units in the room the older hotel is cooled by one unit controled by the hotel scared of that!! Do not listen to the bad things people say they are staying at a hotel in Vegas on the strip for $50 a night and than complain about the spots on the carpet it is one of the originals hotels in Vegas so you get the old school vibe it is fun and good food everywhere!! Have fun and buy a yard dring by the MGM	
Jun 25 2008 	Cheap and in dire need of Renovation	You get what you pay for. We paid about $ 30.00 per night and did not expect the Bellagio, but were quite dissapointed with the one hour check in line, broken glass at the fire extinquisher in the hallway that was super dangerous and never fixed. The room was larger but a little tired looking. Wallpaper was peeling, some furniture needed to be replaced and the pool water was really dirty. Lower your expectations if you are going to stay for little money.	
Jun 24 2008 	What happens in Vegas...	One of the cheaper hotels on the &quot;Strip&quot;. What can I say, you get what you pay for! Our room was very large, clean and comfy. We had no view from our room. It was a little noisy at night with the NASCAR roller-coaster going until the wee hours of the morning and the garbage trucks beeping at 5am. We're not gamblers, we were there for a convention. The casino looked like all the other casinos on the strip. The restaurants... NASCAR Cafe was great. House of Lords was awesome (they made us feel like royalty and the food was cooked to perfection), our favorite place to eat at the Sahara was the little coffe-shop by the registration desk. We ate SEVERAL meals and snacks there. BEWARE of the other large sit-down restaurant. I can't rmember the name of it but it was past the casino going towards the NASCAR Cafe &amp; Roller-Coaster. We had just flown into Vegas, it was almost 11pm and we were tired and hungry! We stopped in this restaurant and it took 20 minutes for someone to even acknowledge that we were there. After we ordered our drinks, we waited 10 minutes for those and they were a no-show, we gave up and left! Overall, if you're looking to save a buck, want a clean place to stay and can stand a little noise at night, this might be for you. We're looking elsewhere on our next trip to Vegas.	
Jun 23 2008 	Not bad; watch for hidden fees	Arrived late afternoon at the hotel; took about 20 minutes to get to the check-in counter with all the other travelers checking in. Staff was very pleasant and was soon in a nice-enough room. No coffee maker, no fridge, but the queen beds were comfortable and there were extra pillows, an appreciated little extra, as well as plenty of towels. Bathroom was clean and roomy. Rooms are quiet; the view of the Stratosphere and the old downtown area out the north side was picture-worthy. Went to the 9:30 Roseanne Barr show (she's a hoot) and enjoyed a quiet night's sleep. Lots of 70's vintage black and white celebrity photos throughout the casino shopping areas and restaurants. Checking out this morning, I was hit with a mandatory $6.00 &quot;Daily Facility Fee&quot; that no one told me about. Clerical staff apologized but would not take it off of the bill, even though I didn't even use the telephone or pool or anything. I have submitted to my booking agency for a refund, but will probably not stay at the Sahara again, only due to this non-negotable hidden fee.	
Jun 23 2008 	Nasty	Dirty room. Dirty Bathroom. Roaches in the pool. Musty air. We couldn't control the AC temperature, so we just sweated it out, but couldn't sleep. Beat up furniture that is decades old. A &quot;new&quot; fitness center with 2 treadmills (the hotel has 1,700 rooms). This place is perfect for hard-partying college kids who already plan to vomit when they get back to the room. (That's what the kids next door did at 3:00am.) The room was cheap, but you can find better bargains elsewhere.	
Jun 23 2008 	Good for the Price	First time to Vegas. Booked the Sahara Hotel based on the the cheapest available Strip Hotel. We weren't looking for anything fancy, just a place that we can base ourselves in. Great that its the last stop of the Las Vegas Monorail. Easy to get all the way down to the end of the Strip if you're willing to pay the $9 for two people. Has a Deuce bus stop right outside. The rooms were nice and clean, however the mattress had a really noticable stain on the fabric that wouldn't have been noticed unless we had lifted the sheets. Other than that the rooms were nice enough for the price.Really hard to get a hold of the main desk during the day but they were helpful once you reached someone. The pool was small but clean. The casino isn't exactly what you would stay at the hotel for but had plenty of tables that offered lessons throughout the day, which was nice for beginners.All in all, for the price you get what you pay for. If you're going to Las Vegas to hang around the main parts of the Strip, it's probably best to fork over a few more dollars and stay in a hotel more central to the action. If you're willing to pay for the Deuce/Monorail/Cab/Bus it's a decent place to stay.	
Jun 22 2008 	Old and fading fast!	The best way to rate the Sahara Hotel is like commenting on an old Auntie. She's had her day in the sun, yea, it was a great hotel once, but her days of glory are over and she's hanging onto only memories...Like my aunt, the hotel has alot of nice things and good memories...but she is old and smells old. Only her appearance on the outside, like the lobby resembles any edvidence of what the hotel used to be, the hotel is old and like my aunt has lots of wrinkles on the inside. Our room (1293) was motel like with hard beds, worn or broken furniture, crack tiles in the bath rooms, a broken shower head, stains on the floor, and a fuzzy 21 in. CRT TV that had volume issues. The rate we got was 45.00 dollars per night. This might seem as a bargain, but when you have to wait 20 minutes for check-in, with only 4 clerks to help the more than 50 people waiting in line, you really start to wonder where the service was.Please pay the extra 20-30 dollars and stay else where. Just my guess and hope... but perhaps this hotel will be rebuild.	
Jun 21 2008 	okay for the price - some good point some not so good	The Sahara is rich in history and I'd love to see it keep that older feel to it. But it needs some work. We were told that the hotel has been sold and renovations are to start in August 08.The price is right, but watch out for the air conditioning Checked in to the Alexandria tower (Beatles stayed there in the 60's) - rooms hot. (106 outside) One room still uncleaned. Went to desk. After the clerk's discussion with management, we were told we couldn't move till the next day. I said I could not breathe in that room. The desk clerk (thank-you Glory!) again spoke to the manager - there were rooms that were waiting to be cleaned in the Tangiers tower and were now ready. We were moved. Still, a fan would have been nice to circulate the air - rooms were warm- no fans - went to a chain drug store, bought one for $10.00, left bathroom door closed and drapes closed - much better. I found the beds and pillows to be soft and comfy.Only ate dinner at the buffet- 6.99 with Club Sahara cards- food was ok - there are better, but more expensive, buffets in town. The desserts, however, were great!Casino was nice and workers were friendly.	
Jun 21 2008 	Won't even take a dog there!!	I went to this hotel with my husband, my 21 year old daughter and 5 of her friends to celebrate her 21st birthday. Needless to say we needed cheap accomodations for so many folks. When we got there we got non- smoking rooms on like the 21st floor and when we got in the rooms they smelled like a smoker just walked out. We then sat on the beds to relax for a minute and my daughter somehow thought about 1st thing we need to do is check for bed bugs due to condition of the room. I hate to tell you people this but we pulled back the sheets of one bed and the bugs were popping off the white pad and beneath it! YUUUUUUUKKKKKKKKKKK!!!! Immediately we all went downstairs to complain and they offered to balcony rooms which are considered smoking rooms but they actually get better air circulation due to the balcony they have and so it's a much fresher smell in them and much bigger so we took them. We checked the beds again and this time no bugs but we itched the entire time there just from knowing what had happened. We were there 3 days and we could not enjoy a good night sleep from the itching. Maybe mental I don't know! I hope!Gambling casino is great here however! Best slots on the strip, I won and A LOT! Fun family area in casino and a buffett which I DO NOT recommend! The food was nasty. Go to the Bellagio instead! Parking is ample and they have a ramp that goes over the that train they now have that runs behind hotels to make it easier to get from one place to another. If you go here just ask for a room with a balcony and check your sheets!!!	
Jun 20 2008	Hated the Sahara - 1950 decor	We were so disappointed and disgusted when we opened the door and saw the sight of our standard room in the Alexandria Tower of the Sahara. The wall-paper was 1950's and peeling off, the furniture was old - beat up and disgusting. The bathroom looked like it had not been remodeled either. Some of the tile was cracked and places were moldy all along the bathtub. The water took forever to drain after a shower. Even though the room was clean, it just didn't feel clean because it was so old and outdated. The TV was very small and old and the remote control needed new batteries. It wasn't even worth the hassle to try and watch. The room was not cool and we did not have control of the temperature other than just the blower. The temperature was all controlled by management. Our trip was never relaxing because we felt like we had to be gone all the time and did our best to stay out of the room because we dreaded going back to it each day. The casino was fine but took one look at the breakfast buffet and decided breakfast would be better and more safe at fast food place next door. My recommendation - find another hotel that is in the middle of the strip and newer. The Vegas strip was very crowded and even though we had bought a bus pass on the Deuce, it was hard to get on and get a seat.	
Jun 20 2008 	Okay for the night	I stayed for one night and was not impressed by anything other than the rate. I checked in around midnight and when I got to my room there was someone cleaning it (even though I booked 3 months in advance). She said they had just called her to make the room up. I dropped off my luggage and headed to the casino. The hallways and elevator were very hot and musty smelling while the casino was freezing. I lost at every slot machine I tried. I gave up around 2 and went to my room which was also freezing. I tried to adjust the thermostat but the room remained cold. The blankets were as thin as the walls (people yelling all night) and I found it hard to sleep. The bed was not bad (not good either) and the room definately needed some cosmetic help. I left the next morning at 11 so the stay was okay for the short time. I definately would not book a trip longer here though.	
Jun 18 2008	Value on the Strip	After reading all the reviews, I decided to stay at the Sahara for one night for the following reasons:- As a previous reviewer noted, the Deluxe rooms in the Tangiers tower were the most recently renovated. At $10 more than the basic room, it is the best value and we found no fault with the room we were given. I specifically called the hotel before booking to ensure that if I booked a Deluxe room, we would be in that tower. The room was clean and odor-free as to be expected from a non-smoking room.- The pool may not have been as large, but it was very clean, and not as crowded as other places. It was also very easy to access straight through the lobby.- As a budget traveler to Vegas, I freuqently stay at the Motel 6 on Tropicana. On a weekday night, the Sahara offered comparable prices to the Motel 6 and was definitely 10 times better.- While some people may complain that it is at the far side of the Strip, I always recommend people take Paradise Road if driving to get anywhere quickly. It runs parallel to Las Vegas Blvd. right behind the Sahara and all the other hotels, WITHOUT the traffic.	
Jun 15 2008 	2nd time back at the Sahara	Our first stay was Feb 2006, and that had been last time since I was in Vegas. Stayed at Sahara again because it had the cheapest package price through Allegiant out of Wichita. Nice place, but has a small pool and being at the north end of strip, have to do some walking just to get the heart of the strip action.	
Jun 14 2008 	Bed bugs	I got bit by bed bugs at room 1551. I only saw a few bites in my arms, and I caught one of the two bugs we saw. I went to talk to the manager and they were not very friendly.I stayed at the sahara from June 07-12 2008.They still have not contacted me about the report I filled out.This Hotel is a dump. The carpet is very dirty through the hallways, the rooms are Ok, except for the bed bugs.My bites throughout my body are horrible all swallen and in large portions of my body.	
Jun 12 2008 	You get what you pay for.	We where a party of 4.When we got there the check in was nice less then 10 min.The casino was great.The ladies in the casino the ones that bring you the drink take a long time to bring you drinkd and when they do come it takes them a long time to come back.I was tipping them.The room looked old and the AC was AWFUL. I was hot most of the time could not get that room cold enouph for the life of me.I need the room to be cold to get a good sleep.Food well let me tell you we got there the first day and the buffet looked good but as soon as I finished eatting I started feeling sick went to my room and vomited.My friend got food poisen as per the dr that he saw when we got back.Good thing there was an IHOP very close by.Over all Casino as good room needed some work and food terrible.The Dr visit will cast you more then the trip to VEGAS..lol..I don't think We would stay here again.	
Jun 10 2008 	worst place ever stayed	Without question the worst hotel experience ever. Paid 3 months ahead for the hotel changed plans charged $25 cancellation feemonth later then told the night canceled was a $40 night received $16 refund next night was over $139. Room was shabby looked like a cheap interstate motel. On arrival only two desk clerks on duty told additional $6 night facility fee. Charged $9 for 3 min internet service to print airline boarding pass. Please do yourself a favor stay anywhere but here.	
Jun 4 2008 	nice	Stayed here for 4 days during late may. Firstly prob one of the cheapest hotels on the strip in Vegas and really that’s what attracted me to the place, as i doubted i would stay long in the hotel and really just wanted somewhere to lay my head of a night.The Sahara is quiet away from the main centre of Vegas but the monorail is a great link to the centre bit and also quiet cheap if you get the shareable tickets.The room was big with a good view and nice restroom area, with bath and shower. Everything was clean and couldn’t really fault any part of the room..Now the hotel is abit dated by Vegas standard’s but because of this has a different feel to it, slightly more unique i guess and personal - the casino is just like any other Vegas casino, same machines, same games at hand.Only took 5 minutes to check in due to the time but i did see some big queues from time to time but they did seem to get down them quiet quick. These lines tended to be down to the printers they use.i would stay here again happily - the price was great compared to the quality. I would find it hard to find a negative comment about the hotel at all	
Jun 2 2008 	Thiefs on Staff!	I am begging you not to stay here! Our first room was never cleaned after the prior guest, then after a few hours at the pool we came back to our room to discover jewely and credit cards stolen. I had my Grandmother's ring takn from my locked room by somone who had card access to the room other than I. The hotel REFUSED to check the card swiper or the cameras in an attempt to locate my belongings.DO NOT stay here unless you want to carry all your belongings along with you. The staff cannot be trusted.	
Jun 1 2008 	never again	We stayed here during the Memorial Day weekend to celebrate my 40th birthday and actually it was not a first choice, but since it was hard to find a hotel during this weekend we ended up here...The room we stayed in (Alexandria Tower) was dirty with lamps that did not work, handkerchieves of the previous guests lying under bed. A bathroom that had seen better times (long ago) with holes in the walls.The most surprising thing that we found out during checking in was the $ 6 per night &quot;resort tax&quot;, something which was not charged to us while we stayed in a hotel/casino in Reno...The buffet was not really worth mentioning, casino staff very slow.I do not know whether Vegas has changed since the last time we had been there (four years) ago, but the general impression we had was that it was a &quot;cheap cheap&quot; audience.On Memorial Day we were waked up at 6 o'clock because they needed to renovate the hotel room above ours...	
May 28 2008 	Decent value if saving money is a priority	Over the years we have stayed at the Sahara in the past, I had always thought it was a fairly nice hotel for the price and after trying a few of the other hotels on my more recent trips we decided to return to the Sahara.Overall the Sahara is not a bad choice for the younger crowd. I noticed on many of my trips to this hotel that there are many people in the 25-40 range staying here which we really liked. But for those who like having close access to the other attractions on the Las Vegas strip, the Sahara is not the wisest choice. Unless you are in great shape and the weather is good the walk to the middle of the strip is quite a long one. The Sahara is pretty much sharing the end of the strip with the Stratosphere and as of the date of this review, the next closest hotel is about a block away.As for the rooms, this is where I found the major difference from my previous stays. We were given a room in the Alexandria tower which was a first for us. We had always had rooms in the Tangiers tower on previous stays. Our room which was on the 4th floor seemed very old and out of date. The wall paper was hideous and the carpets and tile in the room and bathroom were so worn and stained. The beds were in okay shape; these were probably the only things in the room that didn't look as if a million people have come through them. Overall these rooms definitely need a makeover. Although I wouldn't classify the room as bad, it was far from the pleasant memory I had of my previous stays at the Sahara. A person in our group had a room in the Tangiers tower to which we paid a visit and per my recollections, the room was indeed in much better shape than our room in the Alexandria tower. I think the Tangiers tower is newer and therefore a bit more modernized. They have another tower called the Tunis tower which is where my sister-in-laws stayed that I didn't get to see but according to my sister, their room was worse than ours. The Alexandria and Tunis towers are located closer to the casino and the Tangiers tower is located at the rear of the hotel. Although the Tangiers tower is a longer walk to get to, I think I will ask for a room in that tower now that I've seen the differences in the room quality.Also, we noticed that the rooms vary quite a bit. In the Alexandria tower we had room 430 which was very small and basic. Friends of ours in the same tower had room 2023 which was a corner room and very spacious. They also had a separate wash basin and cabinet area in their room. Others in our group got a room in the same tower but because theirs was a smoking room, they had a balcony. Our room in 430 didn't have a balcony or a view so it was very basic.The only problem our friends had in room 2023 was that they said it took forever to catch the elevator from their floor. We never had that issue but then again we were only on the fourth floor.The hotel's casino is pretty good. Plenty of variety for game playing. The buffet at this hotel has been one of my favorites. We went for brunch and were very pleased with the variety. On our last day we had the buffet brunch at the Excalibur and were somewhat disappointed with the variety there as opposed to the Sahara which ranged from breakfast to asian to mexican and beyond. Nothing fancy but definitely satisfying for hungry tummies.One of the better features at this hotel is the pool scene. There are plenty of chairs for lounging around their large pool and they have a bar and music playing. Lots of pretty people were lounging by the pool and hanging out just relaxing and enjoying the warm sun. On Sunday we even noticed as we were leaving that they were barbequing and had food out. Lastly the parking garages had plenty of parking despite being a holiday weekend (Memorial Day) but they have some of the oldest, creakiest elevators I've ever been in. They definitely need to be upgraded in the near future.Overall, the Sahara is still a decent deal and given my Vegas needs in the future it will definitely be considered again. Just go knowing what Sahara has to offer; if it doesn't suit your expectations for accessibility to other hotels on the strip or more upscale rooms, you might want to consider another hotel. But if you're like me and prefer to save your Vegas money for fun rather than a room, the Sahara is a great choice and can provide many other perks to compensate.	
May 26 2008	Ick Ick and Ick	Hotel was booked through Priceline. You basically get what you paid for. Very old hotel and the rooms have paper thin walls. I could hear everything that was going on in the room next door, and I am not a light sleeper. The pool area was nice, we did not go swimming as it was February, but it was nice enough to sit outside to catch some rays.The Buffet, let's just say was less than appetizing. I can't think of anything good that I had, other than the saltine crackers. The alfredo sauce was old and smelled really bad. Hotel is located on the upper North part of Las Vegas Blvd, up by the Stratosphere. We took the Monorail, which has a station at the hotel, so we wouldn't have to deal with the traffic along the strip. This was nice, however it is $5 for a one way trip. To me that is a little steep. We ended up driving after that.	
May 26 2008 	Great Stay for first time in Vegas	My family and I stayed here for 4 nights in June 2005.Check in was quick and easy. We had two rooms booked which were connected. Rooms were big and spacious, two Double beds in each, Large bathroom, The view from the window was facing away from the Strip but still good enough. The Casino was good, The Resturant choice is great. The NAS QCar cafe was great fun, The Buffet was great for the price. The Pool area was big and clean. The roller coaster was short but fun. Only downside really was the location, Its on the north or the strip, Bit away from the other big hotels. But its on the Monorail so getting to the other hotels on the strip was easy. On my Vist back to Vegas in 07 I re visted the Sahara Its still like it was in 05, The food in the NASQ cafe has got better I think.	
May 23 2008	Good enough	I read a bunch of reviews for this place and wasn't terribly excited. If I had been booking far in advance or during the off-peak season, I would have looked elsewhere. However, I happened to be looking for a room during some shopping center conference and rooms were expensive all along the strip! The only places on the strip were the Imperial Palace ($152), the Stratosphere ($102), and the Sahara ($49). After reading about the IP and learning the Sahara was directly on the monorail, I booked with the Sahara - and I'm glad I did. The Sahara is an old joint with a ton of history. Unfortunately, that doesn't do you a lot of good when you're just looking to drink, gamble, and have fun. The Sahara is pretty dated and could use an overhaul, but it's got everything you really need - a big casino, some crappy food, a nice pool area, and plenty of cheap rooms. All in all I think it was a good choice for the money. Depending on when you go you might be able to get a better place for the money. But if you can't, it's not terribly inconvenient since the monorail station is almost literally in the hotel. Check-in time was absurd, but the line is right next to the convenience store (which has plenty of beer). And don't buy beer at the pool bar - buy a Foster's can at the convenience store for half of what their asking outside and sneak it outside. Of course it'll get real warm real fast, but that's the desert for you...	
May 22 2008 	Served a purpose	I booked a double room with my daughter for a week and upgraded to deluxe room.I couldnt see what was deluxe about it and wondered what a standard room would have been like.It was quite adequate though for our purposes as we were out mostly from about 7.45am to 9.00pm each day.The reception had about 10 points but at best only 2 staff manning them.It was Nascar weekend and fortunately we had already checked in but it was not good news for the Nascar fans when they arrived.The burn you bra bar was interesting as were the table top dancers there.The live entertainment was good.One thing I must warn anyone about is the buffet.Oh dear.!!First i recieved a post it note in my room stating $ 6.99 buffet tonight. Went to buffet a qued for ages and was told, or should I say was snarled at ,when I got to till and showed the post it ,that it only applied to player card holders.I then went and qued to get a players card and went back.I was then told I needed id which I had already shown to get the players card in the first place.Again I was spoken to by a rude cashier with a bad attitude who seemed to love any opportunity to show her authority.I then came back and qued again only to be told that my daughter was too young.I gave up then and went to the Riviera buffet which is infinitely better from the staff onwards.Because of my experience here I gambled my dollars in another hotel where the staff were polite.We did go to the Sahara buffet but its mainly consisted of food rejected by customers from the prevoius session.Dont expect the luxury of vinegar or tomato sauce.The food was cold and awful, just like the staff and the decor is dreary and drab.It should be knocked down and rebuilt.Definately the worst buffet in Vegas period.Apart from that the hotel is fine and the pool area was nice.Basically you get what you pay for.	
May 21 2008 	This place is a dump!	Our stay here was a nightmare! To start with, they do not adequately staff the check in desk. Even though we arrived at 11 am, and were the second people in line, it still took 20 minutes in line to check in. We were given a room in the Tunis Tower. It was around 100 degrees our first night there and our air conditioner did not work. When we called for help around 3 am, the engineer who showed up informed us that the current temp in our room was 88 degrees and that they have been unable to get air conditioning in this room. He also explained that this tower was slated for demolition and that they were not doing maintenance on it. This explains the window that did not have a latch attached, the tv that did not work, the walls that were torn up and the rusty tub. The hotel was unable to move us because they were sold out for the night, and in fact informed us that they were overbooked and had turned 16 people away. Guess we should should have considered ourselves lucky to get a room. As compensation, we were offered a free nights stay, which we declined, and instead were given buffet tickets. This was by far the worst excuse for a buffet I have ever been to. Would not go again even with free coupons.The room were were moved to the next day, in the Tangiers Tower, was a slight step up. The air conditioning did work, and the bathroom was in better shape, but I found a button, a dime, and a piece of cellophane in clear sight on the floor, so I have to wonder how clean the rest of the room was.On Sunday, when the temperature was 104 degrees, the pool closed around 5 when the lifeguards went off duty. Unbelievable!We discussed our situation with numerous other guests and were not shocked to learn that our stay was somewhat typical of the other guest's experiences. I would never ever stay here again.	
May 20 2008	Acceptable for the price	We had stayed at the Sahara in 2004, and to be truthful, all that had changed in that time was the date on the calendar. It was old then, but even older now. However, if you can get a decent room rate via one of the online promotions, don't dismiss it. The Sahara is really not all bad, just make sure you get a 'deluxe' room. I've never stayed in a standard room, but having stayed in the deluxe rooms both times, this is about the minimum standard that's acceptable these days. The deluxe rooms are a good size, and the ones higher up in the Tunis Tower are better (according to the staff). Check-in was fine for us, but we did see some awfully long queues. You will need some earplugs though - the doors slam really loudly if inconsiderate guests leave them to self-close. The clientele is better than some other budget hotels on the strip, with most guests being older (and therefore quieter). Would I stay there again? No, I would either save up more money, or stay for less time, in the Venetian, which is truly magnificent. Vegas on a budget? Yes, if the price is right.	
May 19 2008 	It served it's purpose	We arrived on May 15, there wasn't a line a check in so there was no waiting although we did get a check in agent that was very frustrating. My husband was checking us in and we had reserved a king size non-smoking room she kept telling us that there weren't any of those available and that we would have to take the a room with two queens instead-ok fine, but everytime my husband would try to ask a question she would say &quot;ok, have a good stay and good luck!&quot;-she would just ignore the question thinking we would go away. She gave us room 802 in the Tunis Tower and once we got there it was still being cleaned at 8:00pm!-and our keys didn't even work. We went back downstairs and this time there was a line but no one was standing at the VIP check in so my husband went to that counter and talked with the person there. Amazingly enough they found a non smoking king room-crazy, since 5 minutes ago there wasn't one in the whole hotel...The room was ok, it was larger than the one our friends were staying in at the MGM Grand. It was clean, smelled fine, the bed was very comfortable, and the bathroom was large and spacious. The furniture could definately use updating, it was old 60ish style with lots of scrapes and chipped paint, the drawers aren't on tracks so you tend to have to fight with them. The lobby at the hotel is old and it is in desperate need of new carpet. Casino was fine, I didn't check out the pool but it looked ok and lots of people were using it, stay away from the buffet-it is $10.00 per person and the food isn't so good-some of the items don't have much taste, if you do use the buffet get a players card you can get dinner for $6.99. It was convenient to use for the monorail and the bus would pick up right across the street. All in all the hotel was fine we just had a few problems but personally I wouldn't stay there again only because of it's location-it was too far out of the way from everything we wanted to do and although The Duece was ok to use (and cheap-$5.00 for a 24 hour pass or $2.00 for a one way) all the shuffleing around gets old after a while and it takes a long time to get from one end to the other.	
May 16 2008	Unless Desperate Don't Stay Here	I paid extra for a &quot;deluxe&quot; room at this hotel. The only positive thing I can say about the room was that it was clean. The furniture in the room was old and beat up, looking like something you might find at a flea market. There was no closet in the room and no safe for valuables. The television in the room was a 12 or 13 inch set. There were stains on the only blanket in the room. I called housekeeping for an extra pillow and had to follow up with 3 calls and it took an hour and a half to finally get it.My wife and I were booked for 4 nights at this hotel. After the first night I expressed my feelings about the quality of the room to the front desk and made sure that it was in fact a &quot;deluxe&quot; room. I was assured that it was. My wife and I packed up and moved to a different hotel. Unless you get a dirt cheap price on your room, and money is your number one priority, don't stay there. If you have to be on the north end of the strip, go to the Riviera right down the street and ask for one of their newly remodeled rooms. There is no comparison in terms of quality.	
May 16 2008 	Sahara best deal on the strip(well on the monorail:))	I was very skeptical after reading other reviews, boy were they wrong, or at least didn't apply to my experience. checking was 10 minute wait, not 1 hour. Room was clean and well furnished (I checked real close after reading other reviews). Stunning view out the back side of the hotel didn't get the view of the strip I had hoped for, but what are you going to do :). The pool looks great; I'm heading down their now, USE the monorail!!!! It is right out back, and great for getting up and down the strip. Other Hotels on the southern side of the strip are definitely more glamorous and newer, but if you look at the bang for the buck, you can't beat the Sahara!!!	
May 13 2008 	Decent enough for what you pay	A friend and I booked a one night stay at the Sahara on a road trip of California / Nevada, and it suited our stay pretty nicely.The price we paid was pretty cheap, and the rooms were decent enough. Didn't think much of the hotel's casino and the prices in the shops, etc. were quite high. However if you use this hotel as a stepping stone to go to the casinos on the strip then its fine. Its just at the end of the strip and close by the monorail from which you can easily travel to the other famous Vegas casinos and throw away all your money as need be.Beds were okay. The room was quite hot lacking in a decent AC system meaning we had to get whatever air we could from a window that wouldn't open more than an inch or two. Also remembering that you get what you pay for, the view outside of the our hotel room wasn't exactly spectacular (see photo). We didn't have the time nor really the inclination to the use the pool.So all in all, good as a bed for a night but I can't see it being much more than that!	
May 13 2008	Glad it was a short stay.	I went to Las Vegas last summer for two nights just so that my fiance and I could look at chapels around the strip and get an idea of where we want to get married. We stayed at the Sahara and I am so glad that it was a short stay. The casino, pool, and restaurants were just fine, but the room was not. Check in was terrible, lines were extremely long. When we did finally get into our room, it looked very old and dilapidated. My fiance even found a sewing needle in the carpet! Needless to say we only went in the room to sleep! The elevators were not air conditioned, took forever to get up to your floor and one night there was puke all down the inside and over the buttons. I will not be staying there again.	
May 9 2008 	Very run down	We arrived in Vegas and knowing the Sahara had some history we decided to go there to see if we could get a room. The lobby seemed nice, but the check in people were using a really old dos system and dot matrix printers that were grotty and i should have known this wasnt a good sign. Got a double room for the first night for AU$179 and the second night being a sunday was only $55 so i was kinda happy. We checked in and brought our bags up. Went into the room and realised it was smoking (they didnt ask at the counter and i didnt think to ask. I learned that in the States you have to ask everything cos they arent good and giving information unless asked - stupid of me). We rang down to say we didnt want a smoking room but they didnt have a non smoking one for us. We looked at the room. There was a layer of dust on the table, the furniture was battered and scraped, stains on another table, stains on the carpet, dirty walls - overall just so embarrassingly awful. We went to check out cos they didnt have another room and what a surprise, they offered us a non smoking room! God that really annoys me! You go to the trouble of lugging you bags back down and you then realise they were just lying on the phone earlier. We were wrecked so we said we would see the other room. It was exactly the same, minus the smoke smell, and the furniture wasnt in as bad a state. Not good but not as bad. The bed base was filthy tho on the side and i didnt want to look any further. Stains again on the carpet but after seeing the other room this was better. Not worth the money and really quite embarrassing but i decided to go with the history of it and try and enjoy the fact that alot of famous people had shows there, etc - admittedly back in the 50s and 60s when it was in its prime (probably not been refurbished since the 80s). We read that it had been bought last year so hopefully the new owner will give it a lease of life. The good thing was we had a view of the Stratosphere and the monorail was just down stairs. If you arent too fussed about your hotel rooms, this isnt the worst place to stay.	
May 8 2008 	Last Time...Too Bad.	My friend and I are consistent visitors to Las Vegas and have stayed at the Sahara numerous times. However, the time has come to move to other accom's due to our experience there this time. We were in need of a late night supper and the service at the coffee shop was horrendous, specifically the Hostess. For some unknown reason she did not want to give us a booth on 2 occasions and threatened us with security when we persisted. This lady has worked there too long &quot;me thinks&quot;. We also found as poker players that the regular locals were given preferential treatment by some of the dealers and the guests/tourists were often the brunt of their jokes, eye rolls, and verbal abuse. Sad to see and unprofessional.No complaints on the room, its a decent price for what you get. Pool area is nice and they have a great deal on a poolside BBQ on saturdays.Of note, The &quot;House of Lords&quot; is an excellent restaurant and the service there is always top notch. We will continue to visit there.Additionally, as we frequent other poker games, we found the proximity to the rest of the strip out of the way and hard to get a cab at the Sahara.	
May 7 2008 	Old and Rundown	First of all, they have 15 or so computers for the check in desks when they had 2 or 3 people working there every day with a line filling up the whole lobby. I don't understand why it looked like they have a permanent 1 hour wait at all times of the day as I stayed there for 3 nights free, constantly walking by people outraged by the lack of staff. Our nonsmoking room smelled of stale mystery stink, the furniture looks like resale crap, the tv was made in 1990 at best, and the airconditioning was somewhat useless. Not sure if there was something going on in town, but the crowd was not the best, people gambling there look like they crawled out of a camper called home or barely have enough money for their cartons of cigarettes they live on. One waitress on Saturday at a pool that stares at a parking garage and more cement on another wall. If you're 21 yrs old looking for a cheap place to crash this might work, but if you're older than 25 look elseware.	
May 6 2008 	Never again!	I am normally a tolerant person, however my girlfriend and I had a terrible night's stay here. It started when we arrived - the line to check in snaked nearly to the front door and it took 45 minutes to get to the counter. Meanwhile the bellboys were standing around laughing, chatting but not one of them came up to anyone to apologise for the delay or even offered to take our bags for us.When I got to the counter, the lady who checked me in was very abrupt and rude until she saw that I was a doctor, and became exceedingly nice afterwards. I don't appreciate that kind of attitude. We then got to our room, 2555, to find it had not been made. I rang housekeeping to tell them, once again no apology and they said they would send someone up. We waited and waited but no one came, so we went back down to the front desk to ask for a room change.This second man we dealt with was even more rude. Yet again no apology, not even recognition that it shouldn't have happened. When I told him what had happened, all he said was &quot;Name? ....... Room? ........&quot; and then &quot;Your new room is 2489&quot;. Then he literally THREW the new keys across the counter to us. Still the bellboys stood around chatting, no offer to move our bags for us.We got to the second room a floor below and while this was made, it was a twin room instead of a king which we'd paid for!We went back down to reception and asked to speak to the manager. The 3rd staff member we dealt with was similarly disinterested in our plight and refused to get the manager for us! She gave us another room to try, which finally was correct - a clean, made, King room - is that too much to ask!? Pity the room smelled like wet carpet.We understand that there will be some errors and element of chaos when the line is that long, but seriously it should not have been to this extent, and at any stage a sincere apology would have defused the situation.My girlfriend asked the woman at the counter how we could make a complaint and was handed a feedback form, which we gave back to the bellboy who read it and put it under the counter - either in a secure feedback box, or in the bin - I guess we'll never know.On the plus side - the steak restaurant in house (the House of Lords) was pricey, but very good. And the monorail station is conveniently located, which is a plus as the hotel is not well placed on the strip, at the extreme north end.I may eat there, but will never stay there again.	
May 3 2008 	The Sahara a Classic	The Sahara is apparently one of the last remaining classic hotels of the early days of Vegas. They were celebrating their 55th Anniversary, which for Vegas, is old! The hotel has been somewhat renovated. The outside was lovely. The pool area, though smaller than some of the other hotels on the strip, was of ample size, accomodating and pretty. The rooms on the other hand are in dire need of renovation. While it was clean, it had an old, musty smell to it, the carpet was worn, the mattress was extremely uncomfortable, the bathroom was old, and the tub faucet dripped.As this was my third stay in Las Vegas, the most noticeable difference, aside from aesthics, was service. In some of the other newer hotels, for example, when you arrive from the airport with your bags, there's someone there to assist with them - not here. When you sit by the pool, a server would come by asking you if you are in need of a drink - not here. When you needed a cab, there was someone there to hail you one - not here. I'm sure if I asked I would have received, but in a way, it wasn't as invasive as the other places - and certainly saved us money on tips.We only ate in the cafe and the coffee bar. The cafe was good - like diner service. The coffee bar had great coffee, and offered muffins, cake, bagels and sandwiches - which were ok.The hotel does have direct access to the monorail system, which is extremely convenient and fast.We did not have any problems or delays checking in or out. But let me say, we checked in on a Tuesday and out on Friday. In the end, the stay was quite pleasant - not as luxurious as some of the other hotels, but for the price, more than acceptable.	
May 3 2008 	Paid for what we got!!!!	Stayed at the Sahara April 28- May 1 2008 Stayed in a standard room in the Alexandria Tower.Check in was long and slow. Only a few clerks and using an old comuter system and card key writer. Room was on the 16 th floor with a partial view of the Strip. Room was old and in need of restoration. But the room and bathroom were clean and housekeeping was excellent throughout my stay. Buffet was the worse I have ever eaten and have been comming to Vegas for 20 years and have eaten in some bad ones. The cafe was good for a burger or breakfast.I have to say for $33.00 a night, It was worth what I paid for. If you want cheap and clean.... this is a good place to sleep for a few hours. Staff was the saving grace. Every staff member I had contact with was fantastic. Always helpful and always with a smile.	
May 1 2008	Bed Bugs!!	As we were leaving the room we saw a HUGE bed bug on one of the pillows! As if that's not enough to keep anyone away, the place was rundown and smelled like stale cigarette smoke. Employees were rude and unhelpful. Breakfast buffet was disgusting. Pool was nice, except for the awful music they piped in at full volume. Stay somewhere else or stay home!	
Apr 30 2008 	Worthwhile option	I travel to Las Vegas every year for a convention. The convention is held in the Las Vegas Convention Center (LVCC). I have stayed at the LV Hilton the past 5 years, but with hotel room rates climbing, I decided to try something less expensive but still hopefully as convenient as the Hilton, which is right next to the LVCC. During the convention, the Sahara was almost half the rate as the Hilton. I booked the room through the convention hotel reservation system.Convenience to and from the LVCC is a primary concern for me on these trips. I chose the Sahara because it has a Monorail stop, so I knew I could get to and from the LVCC quickly. This was also convenient in the evening to get to events on the Strip. The walk from the Sahara Monorail stop to my room in the Sahara was not really that much farther than the walk to the back of the Hilton from the Hilton Monorail stop, so except for the rail time and ticket, I was breaking even. This small sacrifice was well worth it in the end.The Sahara itself offered a pleasant stay. My room was clean, quiet and secure, which are my primary concerns in a hotel. The room had some signs of wear, but nothing drastic or unacceptable. There was an odd stain on the seat of the desk chair, but with two side chairs, I had other seating options.My interaction with the hotel staff was limited to check-in and check-out. Both experiences were pleasant. The hotel offers Internet access in the room. I had a problem connecting at first, and when I called the desk about it, an engineer was sent to my room within 10 minutes to investigate the problem, which turned out to be a faulty cable. I also had some trouble uploading files to an FTP during (working during a convention), but the problem was not significant. (Files would upload, but there was no confirmation that the file transfer was complete without closing the FTP browser and relaunching it. I figured this out quickly enough and made due.) This is not a common Internet use at a hotel, and access to other site and e-mail was trouble-free.Because I was there for a convention, I did not eat at the hotel restaurants this time, but the available choices looked good. I'll try them next time.For my needs on this trip, the Sahara was an ideal choice. If I were visiting Vegas for a gambling excursion, there are plenty of other choices available, although the rate at the Sahara was attractive. If the room-rate comparison is in my favor, I will more than likely stay at the Sahara for the convention again next year.	
Apr 30 2008 	Slow Check-in	The check-in process was the slowest I've seen in Vegas. It took 1.5 hours to get check in with one person at the desk. Check out that day was the same way... They had to know that a bus load was coming that day to get check in.. And the hidden fee of $6.00 a day that they charge when you check-in is crazy.. Why not just have it added in with the room rate? Other then checking in and out the stay was great...best time to check-in and out is 4am..	
Apr 28 2008 	Worse than Motel 6	We booked a NON smoking king bed 2 nights via Tripres for $90. However, the hotel overbook their rooms, the front desk end up giving us a Smoking King Bed with mold and crack on bathroom ceiling with bath tub making squeaky noises when you step in it. We called the front desk and all they could offer was a Smoking 2 double bed The next day, we called the front desk to ask for what we booked, they moved us to a smoking king bed with no AC and broken phone!!! We went straight to the front desk to ask for another room, she said she will send an engineer in a couple hours, that was ridiculous, we insist that was unacceptable and we would like another room, finally she gave us a non smoking king bed room. We do not understand why they held on to the NS King Bed since this is what we reserved at the very first!!! Also they charge $7/day for facility that we do not even use.We would never go back there, the room condition is horrible...mold, crack, no AC, broken phone, 3 out of 5 lights in our room not working...totally worse than Motel 6.	
Apr 27 2008 	OMG! They should've paid me!! Never again!	The room looked like it was in a bad horror movie, I actually gasped when I walked in. The bed had a huge sag in the middle like a horse slept in it. The decor was indescribable....dirty curtains, dirty broken chair, dirty carpet. the phone had sticky food on it and was broken. I thought we were on one of those prank shows. We immediately went back to the check-in and demanded another room. They put us in a suite that was ancient. It still had a awful bed with a huge swag in the mattress, it smelled old and musty....... it was alittle cleaner but if I had to pay for the upgrade I would have forfit the money and just left. It was that bad.  I really didn't expect much because we only paid $65 per night but this was riduculous. I would never stay here again.	
Apr 26 2008 	Sahara Pretty Good	I booked a two night stay (4/20 - 4/21/08) through Sahara's web site for $43 a night and had a wonderful time.They even threw in a coupon for $10 off at any restaurant.Let's face it - even their upgraded rooms aren't fancy, but the staff was extremely friendly, the atmosphere was fun and the monorail can easily get you to the best places on the Strip. And the check-in staff made sure I had a non-smoking room with a view and that's exactly what I wanted. And, at Sahara, my non-smoking room was truly a non-smoking room. I also have to compliment Tony Smith at the front desk for showing a great deal of professionalism and efficiency when I had a problem with my door key.Now I'm not much of a slot player but the new big screen TVs installed on the casino floor have really modernized Sahara's look and make it much easier for sports bettors like me to keep track of our games. As for the location, you can get to Circus Circus, Riviera, Stratosphere and the Las Vegs Hilton by just walking a couple of blocks. One word of caution, checking in at Sahara can take an hour. That was the only downside of my two day visit.	
Apr 23 2008 	Sahara Adventure	We arrived in Vegas after travelling from Memphis. We were late due to delays and tired. The hotel staff at check in were very friendly and efficient. We stayed in the North Tower with a view of the escalator to the monorail station. However, all we wanted was somewhere clean and comfortable to sleep and this was great. The room was plenty big enough, very clean and we were very impressed with housekeeping. Location is a bit dismal. Although it's on the monorail line, it's quite a long journey to get to the actual station. It involves possibly the worlds longest escalator ( which broke down and we had to walk up - not fun at all) and a very cold and windy walk across the bridge to cross the street. We ate in the Caravan Cafe which was fabulous. Great service and great food. Also ate in the Nascar Cafe which was dismal. Service was appalling and the food was mediocre at best. The Sahara is very hit and miss. Great at some things and awful at others.	
Apr 21 2008 	Not as bad as I'd read here	In Vegas for a convention and looking for a lower-priced property. -- the Sahara was it.The hotel is certainly on the older, scruffy end of things in this &quot;new&quot; city but hardly the bedbug-ridden hostelry others have written of. The room I had in the Tangiers Tower on the 11th floor was non-smoking, spacious and clean. The hallways and casino area will never smell like anything other than stale smoke, though.The pool area was great but.... 1) it closes at 6pm, 2) The noise from the adjacent roller-coaster ride is horribly irritating.The Sahara is a long hike from downtown. The Deuce double-decker bus seemed like a good idea but only do it once to get the lay of the land. The thing takes nearly an hour to get from the north end of the Strip to the south end. It stops along the way (for 7 minutes at one stop!) to maintain it's &quot;schedule&quot; -- really irritating. The traffic along the Strip makes the bus ride long but even more tedious is the amount of time it takes to load new passengers on. Each person has to feed the toll machine $2.The monorail is a fast way to travel downtown from the Sahara. It isn't cheap and it's also quite a long walk to and from the tracks for those who may have difficulty walking.Overall I'd recommend the Sahara to people who don't mind walking a lot and who are looking to spend their money on things other than the room they sleep in.	
Apr 16 2008 	Cheap cheap cheap	I got a cheap rate to that hotel. It's old, located at the end of Las Vegas strip. The room is OK, TV channels is limited, no coffee machine in room, no radio. Surcharges to facilities fees and internet. Pool is fine but close early at 6pm. I won't stay there if the room rate is higher than $60.	
Apr 15 2008 	It was OK but ....	I quite liked the Sahara. Sure it's an older hotel and it's a little frayed around the edges but it offered good value for money. The room was clean and fairly spacious. The price was right and the $6.99 dinner buffet is a deal. While it is obviously not a glitzy as some of the newer higher priced hotels on the strip it does have a certain old Vegas charm which I enjoy. As it is located at the Northern end of the strip it can be quite a walk if you want to explore other hotels and casinos. And good luck trying to get on the constantly packed to capacity bus that runs up down the strip. We stood at the bus stop and watched bus after bus go by before giving up on the idea.For a few bucks extra the monorail is a much better alternative to taking the bus.Now for the gripes: Check-in and check-out was slow. They really need more people on the check-in/out desk.It might be common practice in Vegas, I'm not sure, but the fact that they ding you an extra $6 a day Facilities Fee instead of just including it in the cost of the hotel was a little annoying to me.Also, we booked the room through Hotwire and I assume because of this the hotel would not accept our request for a non-smoking room or bed type preference when we contacted them directly. Luckily a non-smoking room was available when we checked in which was fortunate as my wife has asthma/allergies and if we had not been able to get a non-smoking room we would have had to find a room elsewhere. I think this is an unacceptable practice in this day and age.Overall, we enjoyed our stay at the Sahara and would certainly stay there again if we could be guaranteed a non-smoking room prior to arrival.	
Apr 14 2008	Horrible	Unless a person is very cheap, this is a complete waste of money.The rooms were dirty, smoky, old and broken, curtains were not washed for ages...Terrible experience.We stayed here as a promotion for the Consolidated Resorts.Yikes!	
Apr 12 2008 	worst hotel in the strip	terrible experience, pay a little bit more and stay at a nicer place , its old and smelly,dirty carpets, rude service, BIG mistake.	
Apr 12 2008 	Old and Dingy	Everything about this hotel screams OLD Vegas. I stayed for business on a Friday night. The entire experience from check in to departure was a nightmare. There was a line SO long to check in that it wrapped outside the ropes of the lobby. They had 2 people working behind the check in desk. When checking in, I asked for an upgraded room, as I had paid top dollar for a room online, and was in Nevada on Government business. I was rudely told that there would be NO upgrade. I headed up (with a broken leg), to 2082, no wheelchair assistance offered. The room was old and dingy, stained carpets, old furniture and decor, it was gross. When I pulled back the comforter, the pillows cases were all stained and had SAHARA'S written in black magic marker on them (I have NEVER seen this). On my day of check out, there was much confusion with the valet, who told me the day before that they would bring in a box from my car, the next day, so I could ship it home. In the AM, I called down and was rudely told that the Valet CAN NOT go into a car and get anything, to come and get it myself. I explained that I had a broken leg, and that the valet instructed me the day before to call down for the box. Finally, they asked me where I wanted the box, and I said the Business Center. The bell desk said, WHERE IS THAT? I would think they would know where things are in their own hotel. It took me 3 hours to get the box inside, and then was scolded by the bell desk, that the box should NOT have gone there, but he did bring it to the business center (where I instructed it to go in the first place). This hotel does NOTHING for a guest for FREE. I was charged 5 bucks to hold the box at the hotel until UPS could pick it up. I was charged 5.75 to print my own boarding pass for my flight. There is NO effort on the part of the staff to please the guests in any way, shape or form. They should be assamed....	
Apr 12 2008	Celebrating 50 Years and it shows!	This hotel is ancient by anyones standards. The only thing I can guarantee is that this place is next on the list for implosion. If not, do us all a favor and take cuts in line to be next. Valet took nearly 30 minutes for them to get my car. I had to get security, only for the reason that there was no manager on duty. Did I say no manager on duty at a Las Vegas strip hotel at 10 pm on a Friday night? The whole incident was handled improperly and nearly came to fists. All this in front of 50 people waiting in front of the hotel. My son said it was more entertaining than the show we attended. So, thanks Sahara for the memories!Do yourself a big favor and don't worry about the advertised $6.95 buffet deal, you'll get less than you pay for. Much of the help look like gang bangers. But hey, they have to pay the cable bill just like the rest of us. This hotel takes little pride, if any. I believe it once was a place to be seen, now it's a place to avoid ... unless you like dark, dingy, hot, unventilated gambling halls and the abuse that comes from being there. Enjoy!	
Apr 11 2008 	Better than I expected	After reading reviews on here I must admit I was a bit concerned. But once I arrived until the day I left, I was pleasantly surprised.The hotel staff was very courteous and friendly. The hotel was busy, but the lines seemed to move swiftly for check-in/check-out etc.I would say that staying at the Sahara is a great value for a hotel that is still on the strip. Sure, it may not be in the middle with the rest, but it's close to the stratosphere and if you get a room that is higher than the 15th floor, you can get a good view of the city, depending on what direction you face.Check out time is noon, which is 1 hour later that other hotels that are in the area. The buffet in the hotel is a champagne buffet which is a bit pricey on the weekends at $13.99/person compared to other hotels. However, most people seemed to devour the crab legs, which were plentiful and tasty.The NASCAR ride(s) within the hotel doesn't open until the afternoon - something to keep into consideration.Only thing that bothered me was a small stain on the boxspring of one of the beds, and the sprinkler in the room had mud around it?!?A little strange...otherwise I was very impressed and would stay there again.	
Apr 10 2008	Stay anywhere else	This place is terrible.Location - bad, way further along the strip than all the other places. It is a decent walk or monorail ride to be in the main section of the Strip. Rooms - not clean, no tea and coffee making facilities, no hotel book. Housekeeping never removed rubbish from out front of peoples rooms. The food at the hotel is dreadful. The guests are dreadful. Stay anywhere else.	
Apr 10 2008 	Just got back from 8 days at the Sahara...wasnt disappointed	I have been to Vegas several times...have stayed at the Sahara more than once in the past several years. I was looking for a good value this trip as I was to stay 8 nights. I booked my stay at the Sahara via Expedia then began reading reviews....heard all kinds of terrible things which made me almost rethink my plans....well, let me give you the 8 day version...Even tho I booked the great value through Expedia, I still asked for a room upgrade...they were very accomodating in telling me they could put me into one of new rooms the next day....sweet!! I checked into my standard room on the 3 foor main tower. I was pleasantly surprised...clean, no smells, no issues. Proptly went back down stairs and told them an upgrade wasnt necessary.  Had heard the staff was rude, tired and not helpful...I found just the opposite...I saw some folks having a bad day but everyone has those once in a while...the front desk people were nice, the housekeeper was the best, the bellhops were helpful, and the Caravan Cafe staff was very nice and out of the many meals I ate there, the only complaint I had was ONE overcooked burger...otherwise, everything thing they made was great. I did witness other people irritate the staff, but rightfully so, I could see drunks and obnoxious people get on the staff's nerves, but I cant fault them for that...It would irritate me too. I saw a lot of people treating the hotel and casino staff with somewhat disrespect...but all in all the staff kept smiling and didnt let it get to them.The decor hasnt changed much....same ole Sahara really.The buffet wasnt horrible, but it wasnt something to write home about either...it was a plain buffet with decent food...what can you expect for the price they charge...OR the fact it is free with only 100 points on your player's club card. The casino staff was always smiling and chatting with the guests. A lot of times, casion staff stares down their noses at guests...but not at the SaharaI didnt have a long check in wait, but I did arrive around 1am on an early Wednesday morning....however, I did see some huge lines during my stay...I would suggest either checking your stuff with the bell desk and messing around until a later time or just be ready to wait it out.After I had visited nearly every hotel and casino on the strip and downtown, I have to say, the Saraha is by far one of the cleanest...the bathrooms in even the nicest places seemed to be filthy. I wouldnt even use the facilites at the NYNY or the Flamingo....bleh.Where else on the strip can you find a room for under $40/night, right on the monorail, clean rooms, helpful staff and decent food?? I have to say, for the naysayers....might wanna move on down the strip and pay 3-5 times as much for the flash and dash that the Sahara doesnt have and leave them to what they're doing...I dont see much wrong with it...course I'm just an average Jane...living an average kinda lifestyle.	
Apr 5 2008 	Good Value	You can not find a better value on the strip. Many week-day nights, they charge $50 a night. It is not a fancy hotel; but it is clean and a great value. It is at the far north end of the strip; but the monorail will get you as far south as the MGM in fifteen minutes. I highly recommend the Sahara Hotel. Don't forget to register for a casino card; they start you off with $15.00 on your card to play.	
Mar 29 2008 	Oldie but goodie	Stayed for one night to experience a classic Las Vegas hotel. I got a great rate of $39 (mid-week stay) for a standard room - so had to try it. Everything is old school here - the front desk still runs it paperwork on a dot-matrix printer. The staff was efficient and friendly. They moved a very long line right along.The hotel rooms could use a freshening-up as the carpet and furniture along with the soft goods are beginning to show their age. The casbah theme of the resort continues right into the room. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom a decent size with double sinks.They have a great buffet dinner for under $10 - a real Vegas treat that you do not get in the newer hotels which feature high priced celebrity chefs. They also have the House of Lords steak house restaurant, Nascar Cafe, Caravan and Pacos if the buffet is not your thing. They have a show room and Rosanne Barr is currently performing there. They night I stayed her show was dark, but they had an Elvis! So I had to go -- doing this old school and Trent Carlini was excellent. The casino is compact and has a good array of games. As it snakes back it turns into a Nascar theme and there is a roller coaster called Speed Ride - that was excellent as well and only $13 and you can ride as many times as you can handle that day.They have a great pool area as well.The Sahara is connected to the monorail so you can zip down to the other end of the strip if you like. Across the street is the world's largest gift store -- check it and its kitch out.Overall a great fun stay!	
Mar 29 2008 	not bad	we had a suite in the sahra for 4 nights(the other 4 we had in the golden nugget)the queue for checkin was long and we had a 45 min wait. When i asked why so long, i was told the management had just changed and a lot of reception staff had left!The sute was ok, loads of room and we had a nice view of the strip. we thought it was a bit over priced all consisdered.it need doing up and is still in the 60s.it did look tired and worn.but otherwise it was fine, although the housekeeper seemed keen , not to clean the room!i think there are better deals around with more modern amenities.the casino, is fair. the caravan cafe is nice, great staff.certainly worth a visit.	
Mar 29 2008 	Loved the Classic Vegas Experience	The Sahara has a sense of classic Vegas history, and it's the best deal on the Strip. The casino itself is cozy with a lot of gambling options. Service was consistently courteous not only in the casino, but also in the shops, restaurants, and hotel. There's a broad range of restaurants on the premises. Dinner buffet was mediocre, but it was more than suitable for $6.99. The Caravan Cafe serves a great breakfast. Can also hop on the Monorail to have a meal at the Bellagio (a buffet must), or any other of the mulititude of restaurants on the Strip. An all-day pass can be had for $9, and the entrance to the rail is readily accessible from the casino floor. Expedia included 2-for-1 show tickets that can be used for any performance at the hotel's venues. Trent Carlini's Elvis impersonation was awesome (he won the &quot;Next Best Thing&quot; and is lauded by those who were close to the King). By simply walking out the doors of the hotel and crossing a street, it took one short bus ride (all-day pass for the Deuce is $5) to get to the Fremont Street Experience or the Premium Outlet Mall (fabulous prices for brand name apparel). The hotel room was a bare-boned but clean - it required some touch-ups since the lampshades were a little weathered, and the bathroom counter had a couple of stains. Also, the television was tiny. Since there was a minimal amount of time spent in the room except to sleep, it was fine. Evidently, the Sahara acquired new ownership, and some exciting things are in the works for renovations. Pool area was well-maintained and busy. Sahara appeared to attract a broad range of clientele from conscientious budget travelers to young hipsters and mid-aged folks who shared an appreciation for old school charm. Overall, the stay at the hotel was a pleasant and an enjoyable experience!	
Mar 28 2008	Sahara Hotel 	My girlfriend and I flew to Las Vegas on to attend a promotional viewing of a Blue Green Vacation resort, opening in Vegas. First off, the location was stiil under construction and could not be toured. Extreme High Pressure Sales, with the salesperson asking if he had offended us, because we did not buy.The only reason for the above is that they put us in the Sahara for our stay.The hotel is on the Northern edge of the strip and is actually quite a long way from anything. The Monorail stops out back which certainly made things a lot easier.When we arrived we were informed that the outdoor pool was closed, we should have expected this due to the cold weather but it was a bit of a let down. The pool actually looked quite nice and may have been the only real redeeming quality for the hotel.We requested a non-smoking room with a king size bed, and were happy to get the bed however I think the non-smoking meant there was no one in the room smoking at the time we arrived. The entire room smelled of smoke, the sheets, bed, and carpet reeked of smoke. The hotel lives up to it's 1950's heritage of the smokey room.The windows opened on our floor so be careful if you have children, they could fall out as there is nothing to keep the windows from sliding all the way open. The bathtub was rusty around the drain and over flow and the taps could not be adjusted well. There was little water pressure and no fan so once the temp got warm, it was like a foggy night in London when you got out of the tub.House cleaning left a gum wrapper on the floor for two days while we were there and there was a beer bottle cap stuck to the ceiling. The walls were so thin in the suites, We could hear the radio alarm and tv from the next room, not to mention the arguments that were happening.We had a quick breakfast in the coffee shop and were greeted with exorbitant prices and substandard food. I think I paid $13.00 for two coffee, a croissant and a cinnamon bun.The casino was quiet most of the time and there was little waiting to get onto any of the tables or slots. Again the smokiness of the casino was overwhelming but do to the general lack of people it was tolerable for short periods of time.The staff were helpful and friendly but it hardly made up for what I would consider low end accommodations. Save yourself the aggravation and stay in a hotel nearer the middle of the strip or closer to the south end as there are other things to do in the southern end of the strip. If we had paid full price for the room I would have been really upset, as it was we got exactly what we paid for - Nothing.it's a great hotel for the 21 yr old crowd who will party and not return to the hotel other than to change and store their luggage.	
Mar 23 2008 	Good and affordable one of the last historical hotels	I have stayed here many times over the years. The Sahara is on the strip, but not on the middle of it. You can easily take the monorail which is attached to the hotel to any other strip destination.The rooms are spacious, as most Las Vegas hotels are. A bit run down, depending on which tower you stay in. The tunis tower is the worst. Rooms are cheap, I paid 50 USD. There is a huge pool with jaccusi. The buffet is also good and cheap. Beware of the shows in the hotel of the Platter, drifter and Coasters, these are not the original, they only have 1 original band member, so it's not the real thing. It's nice to stay in one of the original and historical hotels.	
Mar 20 2008 	Hotel in need of refurbishment	We stayed here for 3 nights in January 2008. Although the room was comfortable, it was in need of refurbishment. The carpet was stained and the bed clothes had holes in them. The buffet restaurant is excellent and very good value for money, especially if you join Club Sahara as you get a discount. The hotel is now somewhat remote from the rest of the strip, but there is an excellent cheap bus service (The Duece) which runs the whole length of the strip and goes to Fremont Street in downtown Las Vegas. Best value is the all day pass - you can hop on/off the bus all day and can buy the pass on the bus. If you are doing Las Vegas on a budget, this is an adequate hotel, but if you can afford it, stay more centrally.	
Mar 18 2008 	Tolerable	Well, arrived on Friday, March 14th thru 17th. Wanted to play in tornerment on Saturday but the line was so long and I didn't feel like standing there. My friend just walked around and did a little gambling had dinner at the buffet. After all these years of staying there, decided to try it. Sorry, didn't like the food there. The Caravan is not like it use to be. Ordered a strawberry shake.....still looking for the &quot;real strawberry ice cream&quot; in the shake. I've had them before and thy were good. Not now. Lots of changes since the new owners, some good, but the food has gotten worst and the prices has risen. We have to go eat elsewhere now. Still trying to figure out why the maid service literally skipped our room as far as cleaning on Saturday. My friend had to take the used towels and retrieve clean one from the service. We didn't have a &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign out, but the next day we did because my friend wasn't feeling well and didn't go out. I use to win a little bit there but not lately. I've been going elsewhere and winning except this past weekend was not a good week-end. Spring Break maybe? :-( Maybe next time.	
Mar 17 2008 	Good hotel for the price	If you want to stay at an old school hotel, this would definitely be a good pick. The front desk forgot to give us our room key upon check in and when we did get it they included a $10 credit for food and a 2 for 1 special on show tickets as an apology. The room is a bit dated but clean and nice for an older hotel. The hotel was a bit isolated from the rest of the strip and in a construction zone but if you don't mind a 10 minute walk then it won't matter. My only recommendation is that the hotel could use an up to date renovation in terms of the room decor.	
Mar 15 2008	Love Sahara	I really like the Sahara. I've stayed there several times over the years. This hotel is not in the &quot;heart&quot; of the Strip ... but the Strip seems to be branching out longer and longer and the Sahara is certainly still &quot;in the action.&quot; This hotel has a great pool, nice rooms and good food. I'm not a big &quot;buffet&quot; person ... but the buffet at Sahara is pretty good. There is also a pretty good &quot;steakhouse&quot; and a breakfast coffee shop. One great thing about the Sahara is that it's a Las Vegas Monorail stop ... so if you want to venture out you can catch the Las Vegas monorail and get to virtually any of the other areas of the Strip without trouble or too much expense. It's also an easy bus ride to Fremont Street which is alot of fun and much more of the &quot;old fashioned&quot; Las Vegas. There are often great free concerts there and some fun older casinos. One other really nice thing about the Sahara is that there is a good store kitty-corner to the hotel. It's billed as a big souvenior shop, but it also has liquor and mixers etc. And you can get some things there that you might need. Sahara doesn't really offer &quot;top tier&quot; shows ... but I DID go to one show there that was really good. Again, buy tickets to other shows and ride the monorail to them. This hotel is a little older although it's been updated and is totally comfortable and nice. I've never had a problem with cleanliness or service. I think it's a great value compared to alot of the other &quot;mega hotels&quot; etc. Believe it or not I'm NOT a gambler ... I tend to go to Vegas with friends that like that more than I do .. but Sahara has a nice casino area and I HAVE enjoyed plunking a few quarters or nickel's in their machines. There is one particularly fun section that is 60's themed and the dealers wear tie dye and there is 60's music and it's actually pretty fun. If you are into NASCAR they have alot of that and also a really great roller coaster ... it's short in duration but pretty thrilling and the last time I went on it you got two rides for about 10 bucks. There is also a good lounge with music ... usually when I've been there it's kind of &quot;bluesy&quot; type music but it's kind of relaxing and I often wind up going there and listening to the music while my friends are out in the casino gambling. All in all I love the Sahara ... it's one of my favorite places to stay in Vegas. It seems like it has a mix of nostalgia .. kind of like what you would think the &quot;old Vegas&quot; would be like, but still has the modern amenities and all.	
Mar 13 2008 	Good for first timers	I stayed in the summer and I thought that it was awesome for the price. I'm came all the way from Jersey to Vegas for the first time. The only thing that stood in my way is catching cabs. The roller coaster is kick ass and if you're into gambling this is the place to be for table gambling. As far as the food it was ok. My favorite meal was just a burger and fries. It was a over sized portion. There drinks are horrible. The good thing is that they have a store located in the hotel so that was handy. The pool is awesome and the other resturant speed way is ok. Then the resturant lourds is horrible it's suspose to be up scale. NOT! go the the CIrcus CIrcus Steak house! Thats the best meal I've ever ate! I had a lot of luck with the slots as well as tables. And the room I recieved with the view for $40 bucks a night was great. I had a perfect view of the mountains. Over all it's a good buy.	
Mar 13 2008 	Great value for money	One of the older hotels and a bit out of the way from the main hotels but found that the monorail made up for that.We stayed at the Sahara for 7 nights, when we checked in we asked if we could be upgraded which they did for no extra cost, so don't be afraid to ask!! We ended up with a spacious room with a view of The Stratosphere.The buffet in the hotel was awful but the Caravan Cafe was fine and the House of Lords restaurant was delicious.If you decide to stay in this hotel you have to ride the roller coaster, it's better than the one at the New York New York Hotel.All in all this hotel is great value for money.	
Mar 9 2008 	the Rat Pack wouldn't approve	First time in Vegas. In town for the weekend of March 1st. Travelling with a buddy. Sort of knew this was not gonna be special when we arrived to a line-up that was at least 50 people long. They had TWO check in people. One of which seemed to be quite confused at the concept. It took 45 mins and took the shine of the hotel immediately.Overall the hotel is dark and gloomy. The buffet is industrial and quite mediocre. The pool was fine. The drinks were cheap and the hotel did feature a liquor store. The staff seemed to not care much. Not particularly friendly.The room was dingey. But clean. The shower and toilet worked fine.The Casino was pretty standard. Nothing compared to the newer ones. But not very crowded and like i say, the bar was cheap.It was nice that it was near the monorail as it would be a long walk to anything I wanted to go to.Loved Vegas. Won't grace that long line-up at the Sahara ever again.	
Feb 29 2008 	Bug Infested	I was starving when I arrived from the airport. I asked the bell boy to hold my bags so I could get something to eat. They were great about holding my luggage while I could eat. The staff recommended that I eat in the restaurant that they have in the hotel. Though the restaurant looked extremely dated, I decided they could not mess up a burger and fries. After I drank the shake and was served my meal, a cockroach atleast 1 1/2 inches long came running out of the kitchen. It was not even then that I was mortified. The cockroach climbed up my waitress' leg while her back was turned and taking an order. When I complained to the manager, he made up excuses about how the bug was not that large considering they could grow to three inches. He said all of Vegas had a problem with cockroaches and so on. As we spoke, a different bug came crawling from under the bar area! He stomped on it and I ran out. I would never recommend this hotel to anyone nor would I ever stay there again.	
Feb 27 2008 	Cheap for a reason	I'll do pros first to not scare everyone awayPRO:Cheap - 4 nights in a standard 2 double bed room for $315.On the stip with a Monorail Station - you can get all the way to the other end of the strip in 15 minutes on this.Pretty fun rollercoaster.Hair dryer, iron, ironing board.Double bed was short but comfortable mattress and nice pillows.The Grind Coffee Shop - nice quick coffee service - as good as Starbucks though not as many options.No Bedbugs - believe me I know where to check and what to look for - this was just in my room - check your own if you stay here.CON:1. Shabby - I have never seen so much rust in a hotel room. Peeling wallpaper, don't even look at the bottom of the doorjambs in the bathroom, 2. Window cranks broken (yes the windows do open - but good luck getting them closed again).3. My personal favorite - no heating or AC control - only a little plastic sign above a dial that allows you to controll the speed of a fan that states &quot;This does not controll heating or air conditioning, only air flow, temperature is dertermined by outside temperature&quot; It was freezing in our room. Can't imagine what it would be like in hotter months.4. Good luck getting the room you reserve - &quot;Oh, you wanted a non-smoking room with a king bed? All we have is non-smoking with 2 double beds&quot; What is the point of paying for a room in advance?!? My husband is 6'1&quot; and got to sleep with his feet hanging off the end of the bed. A pro of this is that we took the blanket off the second bed to keep from freezing at night.5. Charge for internet access - even standard Motel 8s have free internet.6. The $4 fee per day they charge you upon check in - I was way too tired to even argue about this - I'm sure they count on that.7. This may be my fault - Most casinos don't take change in their machines anymore - but I don't get to Vegas much and didn't know this. I save all my change for a little gambling money but when I got here I found out that they can't even exchange it - I was told to go to a local grocery store where they have a Coinstar - nice.8. The Caravan - they managed to take all the flavor out of the food but not the Vegas style prices - waitstaff was friendly but it was painfully slow service.OK - end all be all - It was cheap and I know everyone says you get what you pay for - but I feel this was worth less than what I paid. Would I stay here again - No. Would I recommend it to anybody on anything other than the tightest shoestring budget - No.If you stay here get Monorail tickets and only use this place to sleep and shower.	
Feb 25 2008 	pretty affordable	most people are in vegas for other activities other than spending the day in their hotel rooms. this hotel is old but functional, so if you are looking for 1st class service forget it. But if you are just looking to take a shower and sleep and have fun in vegas i would definitely recommend the Sahara.	
Feb 25 2008 	This is cheap for a reason	I checked in late on Monday night and the staff was pleasant and courteous. That was the best part of my stay. I had reserved the room through the hotels website so I recieved some coupons for some food and drinks when I was there. The bar were the drinks were to be gotten was never open when I was there, at least not when I went by it and it was where you walked to the elevators to take to your room. The coupons for the food was only available at certain resturaunts, a thing that was not explained to me by either the staff or the hotel website. Then I got to my room and I realized that I had paid less than the average rate for a hotel room but I expect the room to be at least as nice as my house. My house is nothing fancy. But the first thing that I noticed other than the air conditioner was on full blast at about 1 AM when I walked in was that there was about a foot long tear in the carpet. I think that should have been fixed. The staff was great but I will not stay there again and would recommend other people look elsewhere for a room.	
Feb 24 2008	Worst Experience evere encountered	The hotel states in their website, brochures that you can select a deluxe room in their new section, their new section is 18 years old!. The rooms are dated, worn, poorly maintained. This hotel is now 55 years old! in Las Vegas terms this hotel is ancient and should have been torn down and replaced. This hotel was at one time a nice place, but the time has come to replace it, this also includes their management. This was my first trip to Vegas and I also planned a wedding at the hotel with 16 family members coming in for the event. The rooms, staff, casino, restaurants are far below par from anything that I would expect for the monies I paid. They moved me from my room to a &quot;suite&quot; after so many issues, (card reader not working, room was not a king size, etc). They then rented the wrong room to 2 men (they thought it was our old room) this room was occupied at the time by a sleeping minor girl. After all the issues with the rooms, safety, security they offered to comp us 2 nights stay. What price is a minor girls safety worth to the Sahara? only $168. We spent over $3,000 at this hotel after rooms, chapel, wedding dinner etc.	
Feb 17 2008 	For people on really tight budgets	This hotel is really old and needs some major repairs. I would suggest this hotel to anyone on a really tight budget. Not a great area to walking around late in the night~ Nascar resturant is joined with the Sahara. Stay some where else if you can	
Feb 10 2008	Adults Play Ground!	This hotel is one of the less &quot;grand&quot; hotels on the strip but that is reflected in the good price we got. The hotel is spacious and has all the amenitys you would expect. The hotel isnt dated as much as it just has old fashion decor. Our room was very large, clean and had a kingsize bed. The buffet at the hotel was cheap and great for breakfast etc, however part of the fun was eating at some of the other hotels. It has a large pool and a great pool bar for drinks and snacks which is ideal. We found it an ideal and cheap place to stay while exploring Vegas; most importantly it is on the monorail so makes it very easy to get around. Our time here was fantatsic.	
Feb 6 2008 	So Many Problems So Little TIme	When you travel to a city you want to enjoy, the last thing that you want is for your hotel to get in your way.How the Sahara garners a three star rating as a hotel is hard to understand, but it is convenient to nothing and you will spend your days in Las Vegas attempting to get to your destination rather than enjoying your stay.The monorail is convenient to very few hotels, and at $15 per person, per day - expensive! Aside from that the room was sub par, with a cracked floor which left a gap under the doorway and a caustic staff who's interest is not in helping make your stay comfortable at all.Take a pass on this one, a few more dollars for a better hotel is well worth it.	
Feb 5 2008 	A good place for your budget	My stayed here in May was nice. Check in was quick for a Memorial Day. I enjoyed playing at the casino. The most thing i liked about this hotel was I had a patio looking down at the pool. My only down fault was that my bath tub drained water slowly after showering and my patio door didn't lock. I contacted the front desk about the situation and it was taken cared of except for the door. I was offered to move to another room but wasn't guaranteed a patio, because we were up high and safe there was no way that some one could climb through the patio door we refused and stayed in our room. Over all I enjoyed my stay and would stay there again.	
Feb 2 2008 	You get what you pay for at the Sahara!	I chose the Sahara for this work/fun trip for a couple reasons. The main reason was price. Close behind was proximity to the Las Vegas Convention Center where work was taking me during the day. I also liked the fact the hotel is on the monorail line. Finally, I've been wanting to stay there. I've made a handful of trips to the Sahara on recent &quot;for fun&quot; LV visits to take advantage of their low-limit gambling. An early landing got me to the hotel well before check-in at about 9 AM Las Vegas time. I thought I'd try to see if a room was available or, at the very least, get checked in and have my room assigned later (other LV hotels have done this for me in the past). When I reached the check-in desk, the clerk simply turned me away and told me to check my bags and come back at 3 PM. Mostly I was put off by his attitude toward me, reacting like I was making the most unreasonable request possible. It was the first of many examples of poor service I got at this hotel.The next three days continued the trend. My in-room Internet connection wasn't working. I followed the on-screen instructions on my laptop and called the front desk. My first call wasn't answered after ringing a couple dozen times. When I finally got through, the operator did everything in her power to make me believe the problem was my fault. I finally convinced her the Internet service wasn't turned on in my room. She finally sighed &quot;try it now&quot; and hung up. It indeed worked...after she found her error. I had to follow this process again the next day after my 24 hours were up on the first connection. Being a business traveler, an Internet connection in my room is a necessity. I hate feeling like I have to beg for it.Other annoyances added up. Slow service in their nearly empty cafe at 10 AM. Room key cards that stopped working for no reason. Poor quality buffet. The big and little issues added up to prove that the Sahara does not hold a candle to their neighbors as far as service is concerned.The rooms were interstate motel quality, which was what I expected. Considering I was paying 1/3 - 1/4 of what I'd pay at other properties, I was fine with that quality. I just can't stand when the staff and other amenities live down to the room quality.I won't be returning to the Sarah for business. Oddly, I would recommend it to travelers who simply want a cheap room with a bed and shower to serve as base of operations while they explore the rest of the Strip. The monorail lets you get away to better properties without paying a lot in transport costs. Otherwise, pay a little extra and stay at Ballys, Flamingo, Excalibur or other budget properties.	
Jan 30 2008 	Pretty sad hotel	Okay for the price but we were suppose to be in a completely renovated room. Not quite my idea of a re-model. We were there for 4 nights on business and our carpet was never swept once. The shower curtain smelled sour and hair on the bathroom floor. They don't change the sheets everyday either. The whole hotel is rather depressing. The food in the restaurants is awful. What can you expect for a conference price of $65.00 per night for 2? Never again.	
Jan 29 2008 	Stay Away	Booked a last minute trip to Vegas for New Years Eve. We had our choice of the Sahara or the Golden Nugget. We figured the Sahara was $200 cheaper for the 4 nights we were there so that was our best option. I have never been in a hotel this bad! The carpet in our room had numerous iron burns, in addtion to being patched and stained (not patched very well mind you) and the room was just down right dirty. The sheet was stained and the hall and room smelled like a wet dog. On occasion we could smell smoke although we were on a non-smoking floor. Long story short, we moved to the Golden Nugget (paid an extra $250 since it was REALLY short notice), and it was well worth it. Stay away, stay away and stay away!	
Jan 28 2008 	Not horrible very basic	Stayed here 1/25-1/27 for a total of $100. I only booked a couple of hours before check-in and expected the worst after reading the reviews, but we were just looking for a cheap place to get away from family, and this was the second cheapest in town, including off-strip!We arrived at about 11 p.m., and there were only two ladies working the check-in desk, so it took at least half an hour to get to the front of the line. Once we were there, we were checked in quickly and paid the $4 per day hidden fee in cash.We stayed in the Tangiers tower, right by check-in, and the room looked exactly like the photos shown a few reviews down from this one. I expected it to stink or have a dirty damp feeling, but this was probably one of the most scentless places I've ever stayed. No dirty scent, no clean scent, no scent at all. Everything was very clean other than a little rust in the bath.The one problem I had with the room was that it was completely lacking in information. It didn't have any of those Las Vegas magazines listing attractions or even a brochure showcasing the hotel's features that so many other places have. There were a bunch of menus from local pizza delivery places on our floor when we arrived, so we figured that was the Sahara's replacement for room service. After having our room cleaned, the menus were gone, so we called down to have some more sent up and were given the runaround being transferred to different departments. Finally found out the hotel doesn't distribute them, and they do actually have room service, so someone from housekeeping ran a room service menu up to us. I really don't understand why this wasn't available in the room in the first place.We did end up using room service which was delivered quickly, and everything in our order was made correctly.We also tried the cafe and buffet, both of which were average. I actually liked the buffet very much, but I only ate cold items like salad and fruit, while my boyfriend ate a lot of the cooked dishes and hated them, complaining they were cold or undercooked. We both felt awful after eating there though. There was also no one to pick up our dirty plates.Overall, the Sahara was clean and a decent place to stay for the price, but I'd never choose it for a special occasion. Also, since we live here we weren't really using it to have close access to the popular Vegas sites, so I didn't have any complaints about location. However, some might since it is very far north strip, but it does have monorail access which will take you to center and south strip. Good luck!	
Jan 28 2008	room was great	I recieved a room comp for 3 days at the Sahara Casino resort. I read many bad reviews on this hotel and was reluctant to stay.One of the reviews I read mentioned asking for an upgrade. That is what I did. We were put on the 27th floor in a hospitality suite and not charged a thing.This is definitely one of the oldest casinos and hotels on the strip. It does show it's age.The monorail starts at this hotel and travels to the other end of the strip.There are alot of pan handlers down on this end of the strip too I've learned alot about traveling and getting what you want since reading reviews on your web site.	
Jan 27 2008 	Not the Best but Cheaper than the Rest!	My buddy and I stayed there dec.15-18th for a boys only weekend in Vegas! The main reason we stayed there I was comped 3 free nights! I have stayed there 2 other times and always gamble a litlle there on every visit to Vegas. The hotel itself is just basic accomodations, but the rooms are clean and the beds were very comfortable! The casino is very large and has a big variety of slot machines. It has some $3 blackjack and roulette also.The buffet is very large with a nice variety of good quality food. If you use your players card it is only$6.99 for a dinner buffet and only 12.99 otherwise. We also had breakfast at the Caravan Cafe one morning and the food there was really good with large portions! The flapjacks were the best!Didn't eat at Paco's Mexican this time, but on previous vists I have and it is as good of Mexican food as you can get anywhere in town and alot cheaper with large portions!If you are into Nascar, (I'm not) there is a Nascar Cafe and lots of Nascar memorabilia. The location is at the far end of strip near Stratosphere which didn't matter to us since we rented a car and could go anywhere. You could use the monorail though since they have a station at Sahara.If you are looking for a good nightclub with all age groups go to Polly Esters at the Stratosphere. It has 4 different clubs in one with music from the 70&quot;s music to present day. Also has a deal that includes admission to club and all of your drinks for $40 from 10pm untill 4am!!! And you can walk back to Sahara after a long night of partying and not worry about driving or cab fare!This is an old Vegas hotel from the Rat Pack era and will probally be imploded someday to make room for a new high dollar corporate greed hotel like the rest of them have become with high priced rooms,food,drinks,shows,etc!Overall this hotel is good! If you want real fancy over priced ammenties stay at one of the newer hotels. But for my money this place is just fine!	
Jan 27 2008 	Cheap average hotel	We had room 1178. It was clean and quiet.For the price we paid it was o.k..	
Jan 24 2008 	Mediocre Hotel - Tired Staff	I stayed at the Sahara to attend the CES convention. My first impressions were: 1. The hotel needs to be remodeled - everything is worn 2. Staff were OK, but far from friendly or even happy to be there.Problems:1. There was no hot water for 2 hours on the morning I was to check out and no water for much of that period. I was unable to contact the Front Desk to report the problem &amp; finally ended up calling the Bell Desk to talk to Engineering. Toward the end, the Front Desk called to tell me that the water was on, I turned on my tap and none was there. After waiting a bit, the water did come back. At that point, I asked the person on the phone how long until Hot Water would be restored. She said &quot;When hot water goes out at your house, how long does it take to get back&quot;. This was fairly typical of the attitude I encountered when deailing with the Front Desk throughout my stay.2. When I checked out, after Aleksa printed up my bill, I told her the internet service went out the night before (they charge extra for that). She said that she wished I had told her earlier, because she was going to refund my money. I apologized. She continued to berate me about not telling her soon enough about the Internet service problem while she reworked my bill (even after I apologized). I finally told her that was enough &amp; I didn't want to hear it.3. Jason promised that he would contact Hotels.com, who booked the reservation, to get me a refund for one night. Instead, I got an offer in the mail for one free night's stay the next time I was in town. Trust me, I will never stay at the Sahara again.	
Jan 24 2008 	Only stay here as a last resort!	We needed a last minute hotel and so we called the Sahara as all of the other hotels were booked. We were told to &quot;call back in the morning.&quot; Very unprofessional. I instead opted to book through a search engine online for a &quot;deluxe room.&quot; The Sahara is located on the strip, and is a direct monorail stop. HOWEVER, it is the last stop and is so far up the strip that it is close to none of the other hotels/attractions. The line to check-in took way too long and the entire hotel smelled like smoke. The hotel doesn't have appeared to have been remodeled within the last 50 years and you can easily see why the rates are inexpensive. Our &quot;deluxe&quot; room was small and had nothing special. When I asked the bellhop what a &quot;regular&quot; room was he said &quot;you don't want to see.&quot; Our non-smoking room smelled like smoke and the halls smelled like old food. If you're looking for a place to merely rest your head, this is it. It's near nothing and with all of its smells and outdatedness, you won't want to spend more time than absolutely necessary here!	
Jan 24 2008	Not worth the money	We were staying at the Sahara just one night. We checked in on a Saturday and it took 30 - 45 minutes to get to the front desk. (maybe because it was the weekend of the caucas). We were assigned a room that was FREEZING. We tried to turn on the heat but there was none. Some of the tiles in the bathroom ceiling were stained. The sprinklers were covered in dust. We were assigned to another room that was not as cold but the heat in the room could not be adjusted manually. Since we had issues with the first room I decided to take a look around the room and the baseboard at the bottom of the wall was very DUSTY. Only one of the sliding doors worked on the cIoset. In my opinion the hotel needs to invest in another heating system (if possible) just in case it gets that cold in Vegas next winter. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. I've stayed at Motel 6 and it was better than this place. My sister had issues with the advertisement for their buffet. It was posted around the hotel that the buffet was $9.99. When she got to the front of the line to be seated they told her that it was $14.99. She mentioned the signs around the hotel and they informed her that it says that it starts from $9.99.	
Jan 23 2008 	Sahara's Hotel 	If you do not have a lot of money for a Las Vegas Strip hotel, Sahara's will work. I just got home from a 3-night stay there, and it was very pleasant.Sahara's is an old classic hotel casino that is going through a rennaissance of sorts. This was my first time getting a comp'ed room there. Hotel guests are regular down to earth folks. Just hard working decent smucks who want a little fun but cannot affort to stay at a lavish hotel. I think Sahara's have a lot of nice amenities such as:*convenient entrance to the Monorail.*many slots and table games.*buffet, snack bars, restaurants and a 24 hour restaurant.*across the street from a nice strip mall and McDonald's.*clean rooms and professional maid service.I only have two only complaints about Sahara's#1- is the slots are way too tight. Its hard to win a bonus round! #2- The coffee in the snack bar is waaaaaay too WEAK!!!This was my 3rd time staying at Sahara's and I will stay at Sahara's again, with or without a comp'ed room.I highly recommend Sahara's for cost conscious travelers.	
Jan 22 2008 	The Most Terrible Hotel In The World Do Not Stay Here Sleep In Your Car	I would rather sleep in the back of my car. It was terrible, service wasnon existent as no communication with the front desk is possible from your filthy room. NO WATER pressure in the shower. Location sucks! Only positive thing is a decent low limit poker room. DO NOT STAY HERE! Spend a couple extra bucks, stay somewhere nice, or sleep in your car, this place is BEYOND terrible.	
Jan 21 2008 	Keys to my room given to strangers	This was my 5th year staying at Sahara and had always recommended it to my friends for cheap place to stay. Monorail proximity is nice to go to other end of strip where more is happening. However, this year I had problems. Maybe because my 1st 3 nights were promotion priced, they didnt think they owed me decent service. On my 2nd night, I was awakened after I had been asleep for 2hrs by somone trying to get in my room. I ignored it for awhile thinking it was drunk person but they persisted. Finally had to get up and tell them they had wrong room. Still kind of freaked me out since I was single girl staying alone (my friends were coming the next day). Ten minutes later as I tried to go back to sleep, my room phone rang. The caller wanted me to give him my name because he didnt think I was supposed to be in the room (?!). I hesitated to give my name since it could be anyone calling my room (turned out to be the mgr). When I stopped at desk next morning to complain, mgr told me he had called. He did apologize but offered nothing else to calm my fears about them giving other people keys to my room. If I had not deadbolted my door, it would have been an even more disturbing experience. If they cant keep room assignments straight, how can they take care of other aspects of hospitality??? If the mgr had done more to acknowledge my concerns, I would not be so upset and would not be so sure I will stay somewhere else on my next visit.	
Jan 16 2008 	Bad experience	We have just returned home from our stay at the Sahara. We had asked for a renovated room. However, the room we were assigned to was shabby, aged and unrenovated Carpeting had huge bad stains in it. Due to a pipe break, the entire hotel was without any water for washing or toilets on the second morning of our stay. Room computer access (extra charge) was flaky and unreliable. The hotel computer was down during checkout. So the bill was sent to our home, arriving by mail several days later.	
Jan 10 2008 	Rooms good be better	We stayed at the Sahara during Dec. 07 for the National Finals Rodeo. The rooms are nothing fancy at all. Sure could use a update on rooms, but the casino &amp; restrautants were fine. We enjoyed the buffet in the morning. For the price it was fine. If you just want a place to sleep and shower this is it. But, the rooms are very basic and have beat up furniture etc. I did call to have room vaccumed again after they had been there and cleaned.I would probably not stay here again due to all the neat places to choose from...	
Dec 31 2007 	Good Value Old Vegas Style	The Sahara is 50 years old and shows it; nonetheless it represents one of the cheapest ways to actually stay on the the Las Vegas strip, and one of the last remaining bastions of that &quot;Old Vegas&quot; style.The hotel's new ownership claims that all rooms have been recently renovated, and our room in the Tangiers tower did indeed sport new wallpaper, carpeting, and paint. In addition, the linens appeared new and of a better quality than noted on previous stays.On the negative side, the furniture has not been replaced and is definitely showing its age. Elev ators are slow and sometimes broken. Amazingly, there was no line at all when we checked in on a Friday at 3:00 pm. Subsequent observations indicated that we had caught a lucky break, as lines were normally quite long.We experienced no problems on our stay - service from front desk, parking valets, players club and bell staff was above average to excellent. We enjoyed excellent steaks and outstanding service at the House of Lords, not to mention plenty of the aforementioned &quot;Old Vegas&quot; ambience. However, the Caravan Coffee Shop left much to be desired, with food that could charitably be described as mediocre at best. The best thing that can be said about the buffet is that it is really cheap. Paco's features adequate, albeit Americanized Mexican fare. We did not eat at the Nascar Cafe.While the Sahara will never be mistaken for one of the newer megaresorts, it represents an excellent value for someone looking for old Vegas ambience who would rather save his/her money for the tables.	
Dec 31 2007 	Couch Surfing...	I booked a room in advance at the Sahara. I asked for a king sized bed, and was told that my late check in, approx 1:30 in the morning would not be a problem. When I arrived after waiting in line, as they only had two people checking guests, I was told that there were no rooms available with beds, but there was a couch avaialble that pulled out into a bed....Never in my wildest dreams would I expect a Vegas hotel to only have a couch for a guest to sleep on. I was not just walking in off the strip hoping for a room. I had prepaid and talked to an employee prior to making the reservation to make sure my room, with a bed, would be held....Not the case. I slept, or rather tossed and turned on a couch for the night. Unbelievable. Had it not been so late I would have tried to book another room somewhere else, with a bed.I will not stay at the Sahara ever again. I do not want to risk sleeping on a couch again. Just something to keep in mind if you are thinking about staying there. You might wind up on a couch, which is not mentioned anywhere on their website, nor did the person I spoke to mention it as a possibility.	
Dec 30 2007	DO NOT STAY HERE!!! FILTHY and TERRIBLE SERVICE!	If you are even considering this hotel to stay at while in Vegas, cross it off your list right now! It is horrendous!! I know it is suppose to be closing down and totally redone and they are doing nothing to make people happy right now. The rooms are filthy, the service is terrible and the bell hops are to busy judging all the women passing by them. You want to hear more about this disgraceful place just ask!	
Dec 26 2007	Okay Could be better	All the review about long check in lines are true...for some reason the check in lines were always long, giving me the impression that this was a popular hotel, but you only had to look at the number of personnel manning the desks to blow away that impression.I stayed at the tangiers tower and it had a good view of Vegas. The toilet flush did not have enough water pressure and after using it once, you had to wait some time before it could be used again..!!We left our rooms by 11 AM on a Saturday, and they did not make our beds , only gave us fresh towels.The best part about this hotel was access to the monorail, which allowed you to get to the heart of the strip on a 9$ all day fee.I think you can get better for the price in Vegas	
Dec 19 2007 	No problem here Sahara is fine great value	We purchased a deal on Hotwire, $49 for a deluxe room. We were treated extremely well by the front desk, given a bunch of useful coupons and quickly dealt with. There is a $4 energy fee added when you check in.We visited LV for just one night, a quick trip from the San Francisco area for our anniversary, just to see Spamalot at the Wynn. I explained to the nice lady, Alicia, that we were visiting for our anniversary and she asked the manager if we could be upgraded to a suite. We did get the suite and enjoyed it. I had read on here that the Tangiers tower is the best location, offering views of the strip, so I was a bit hesitant to accept the suite not knowing where it would be located. I didn't want to seem ungrateful for her efforts though, so we didn't say anything. The suite was in one of the older towers (Alexandria), with only a view of the Stratosphere and the back alleys and industrial portion of the property. If we had been staying more than one night I likely would have just asked for our king room in the Tangiers. The suite was well kept, clean, but very dated. The single paned windows let a lot of noise and drafts in. The night we were there the temp. was down into the high 30's, so we ran the heater most of the night. The bedding is excellent, we're thrilled that so many properties seem to be going the comforter route. Since that is what we use at home, we love it on vacation. We don't mind dated, we will not stay in dirty. This was clean.The buffet was very good, especially with the $10 off coupon. We walked to the Wynn, about a 25 minute walk, well lit with wide sidewalks. The nice thing about the Sahara is that it is at the extreme end of the strip, so we were not hassled once by dirtbags handing out pornography. We found that to be very distasteful when we stayed at the Mandalay Bay last year, those people seem to congregate more towards the center of the strip.I would stay at the Sahara again, for $49+$4 we felt it was a great value.FYI, to print your boarding passes at the business center is $7! No free wireless, but it is available for a fee, (I think $12). TV's are small, probably 17&quot;, and not many channels. Great free wireless at the airport, we really appreciated the free connection there.Oh, and Spamalot is great!	
Dec 16 2007	Pleasantly Surprised	We received a 2 night stay at the Sahara as a comp for a timeshare presentation. We weren't told which hotel we were to be in until arrival at the timeshares reception office on December 10th. When we found out it was the Sahara, our hearts dropped. We knew it was an older hotel and were prepared to find other accomodations even if we had to pay out of pocket. Upon arriving at the Sahara, Delia, the clerk at check-in gave us an upgrade to a kingsize bed on an upper floor. The room was gorgeous and we were pleasantly surprised. It was clean, and big and perfect in every way with a beautiful view of the strip. It is also a stop on the monorail so going to the other end of the strip was a breeze. We also found everyone who worked there to be pleasant. I guess if you just smile and say &quot;thank you&quot; to the workers you are treated with respect and kindness. We never had a bit of problem with attitude or anything else. I would stay there again.	
Dec 15 2007 	Superb Sahara	My first visit to Vegas and I stayed at the Sahara November 28th to December 5th. We stayed in a room on floor 24 of the Tangiers Tower. It was a beautiful room, clean, spacious, fantastic views of The Strip and a great size En Suite. We found all members of staff friendly and welcoming. A little old-fashioned but this added to the hotel's atmosphere. Casino was great and we ate lunch in the Caravan Cafe which was cheap and the food was delicious. The monorail stop at the Sahara meant we were literally minutes away from anywhere on The Strip. I would happily stay at The Sahara again. And as for Vegas - WOW.	
Dec 14 2007 	Sahara: A tale of two visits.	Just got back from a trip to Vegas and Arizona and stayed 3 nights at the Sahara - 2 at the beginning of the trip and one near the end. The two experiences couldn't have been more different.When we checked in for the first time we were delighted by the friendliness of the staff and pleased to receive an automatic upgrade to the Tangiers tower.The room was a pretty good size, clean and comfortable with a decent en-suite. Extras included a pretty good hairdryer an iron and ironing board. On the whole we were pretty pleased - particularly given the ridiculously low price we had paid.A week later, we returned from our tour of Az for one additional night prior to moving on to Harrahs. Oh what a different experience. The check-in staff was rude, ill informed and almost deliberately unhelpful. We had booked a non-smoking King some weeks previously but discovered that none was available. The first desk clerk we dealt with was under the (mistaken) impression that we had booked our room through an outside agency and left us in no doubt that we were at the bottom of the food chain as a result. When we pointed out that we'd actually booked direct with the Sahara we were grudgingly given a twin in the Tangiers for an additional fee. The room proved to be just about ok but the 'queen sized' beds were the smallest we've ever experienced and we spent a very 'snug' night as a result. A visit to the casino after check-in revealed dealers &amp; bartenders in a similar mood to the desk clerks. We certainly weren't sorry to check out the following day.The reason for the difference in welcomes was pretty clear, the first time the hotel was half empty and the second time the rodeo was in town and they'd filled up. Quite simply, the Sahara failed the most basic of tests, consistency of service. It's easy to be friendly and professional when you have a handful of guests, a good hotel delivers good service no matter what its occupancy levels.Patchy service aside...the Sahara remains a pretty good budget option. The monorail link and the 'the deuce' have solved its isolation problem. Table limits are lower than other strip casinos and -as one of the oldest remaining relics of old Vegas - the place has a certain shabby chic.The other thing worth mentioning is dining in the hotel. DON'T. We tried the cafe and the breakfast buffet and both were dismal.The bottom line is that you're taking a chance when you choose the Sahara; you could either strike it lucky or strike out. But then that's Vegas all over, right?	
Dec 14 2007 	Don't waste your money at the Sahara	We have always enjoyed Las Vegas and went for the Cowboy Xmas. There was no air in the room, 3 elevators and 2 did not work, the 3d broke down for about 20 min and we were stuck on the 19 floor. I knew the hotel was old but you do expect things to work properly. It was a real shame.The shower ran out of hot water and I have never seen that happen at a hotel! We paid $37.00 for a hamburger and a french dip in the Cafe, that is crazy. We ate other places after that.	
Dec 14 2007 	worst hotel i ever stayed	I stayed here dec 8 th,worst hotel ,rooms were unclean.Bath rooms are very bad,low quality and no maintenance.I never stay at this hotel again.	
Dec 4 2007	good value for money but some issues	Sahara offers rooms at a very reasonable price. The rooms are ok and the service was good. The only thing I did not like was they charged so called 'energy tax' at the time of check in. They might as well had included that in the price I had booked at.Also, its a little further from the mid strip where most of the action is.	
Nov 30 2007 	Great value-based hotel	Stayed here Oct 5-7, 2007. Booked a standard room on Orbitz, did the &quot;$20 trick&quot; at the front desk, and was upgraded to a Tangiers tower room penthouse suite. Not bad! We're smokers, and while every casino smells of smoke, this hotel does a good job of minimalizing it.Our suite was nice, clean, good view of the northern part of the strip. Hotel is quite a walk to the &quot;main&quot; strip and downtown, but there is a &quot;deuce&quot; bus stop directly outside the hotel. For $5, ride up and down the strip or go downtown all day long.Casino itself is small, but the comps program is great! DIdn't pay for a single buffet while here. The Tahiti Village leeches are here in full force, so be careful (it's the timeshare condo people). The &quot;Elvis&quot; show was horrible. Don't pay a dime to see it (we didn't, but again, the comps were terrific!).	
Nov 28 2007 	So many other choices besides The Sahara	Stay at the Sahara before it’s imploded. That would be the only reason to stay at this hotel. Like others, I found this property severely lacking in general maintenance and cleanliness. The room was acceptable and the staff was very friendly. The pool area looked nice for a standard hotel (not a Las Vegas mega-pool area, by any means.) But the rest of the casino was depressing. If you compare other rates, especially to Hotwire, you will likely find much better accommodations for only $20-40 more.	
Nov 27 2007 	Good value	I stayed here in December of 2005, I know this is much later but I'm going back to Vegas so it made me think of it. The rooms are not WOW, but it was like $25 a night or something. We ended up staying there, with a beautiful view on a high floor. The room was fine. The staff is very nice. We took cabs to other casinos every day we were there because we are into the clubs and bars. It totally saved us a lot of money and we were completely happy with the Sahara. Next time though, I'm going with one of the really nice hotels, but I'm definitely going to end up paying for it. If you want a cheaper hotel that's still nice stay here!	
Nov 23 2007 	Really nicegreat stay!	Stayed here for one week in September and really enjoyed it! paid for standard room but requested upgrade at check-in - we were offered a deluxe room for an extra $40 for the whole week and it was worth it. Nice, quiet room = clean and comfortable. Hotel is quite far down the strip but still within walking distance to fashion show mall and Stratosphere. Bus stop very near for catching The Deuce (strip and downtown bus) to Downtown Freemont Street Experience ($2 one way, $5 all day per person) - we highly reccommend Freemont - superb light shows! Much cheaper to eat, drink and gamble in downtown! We would also reccommend visit some of the casinos off the strip = Palms and Rio - Rio VooDoo Lounge for a meal is EXCELLENT!! Stewart and Catherine - Scotland UK.	
Nov 20 2007 	Excellent hotel for the rate we have payed	We have just returned from our journey through California, Nevada and Arizona.Sahara hotel it was loveliest hotel we have been. We get a comfort room at 24th floor with stunning view at Las Vegas and it was more comfort able that we expected with two double beds.Bathroom it was clean and towels are changed every day.The pool it was nice with palm treees and phantastic hot spa without many people.Resturant buffet had a wide choice of food italian,mexican, american, fruits, cakes, drinks.For the price of 12.99 you are getting a nice meal.Location it was great beacuse the station of monorail is at the hotel and from there you can explore whole Strip with daily pass.For the value of 55 dolars daily for the room you are getting one excellent hotel.	
Nov 20 2007 	Missing cell phone charger/ Slow shower drain	I left my cell phone charger in the first room which was a smoking room.. Smelled cigarettes all night... Swiched to a nonsmoking for the next night. Went to front desk, security, housekeeping supervisor, and even to the extreme of knocking on the old room to wake a single woman. My cell phone charger NEVER surfaced. Our nonsmoking room 1755 had a slow shower drain. Water up to ankles by the time we were finished with a resonable length shower. Would not stay there again.	
Nov 18 2007 	Sahara	The Sahara is in need of a makeover. While the room was ok it wasn't up to par for the strip. It was also farther out from the other casinos. We were only staying one night so it wasn't a big deal.The buffet was average, not bad not great.	
Nov 14 2007 	Great value Great Hotel!!	We stayed at the Sahara after a week in Anaheim, arrived at check-in and asked for any upgrade available and we were put on a higher floor and had a better view of the strip!We found the rooms were clean and a decent size for two adults. Two double beds, a dresser, a table and two coomfy chairs and a decent sized bathroom. The window also opened a little which was a bonus!The staff were friendly in the casino and all areas and we enjoyed the players club and the comps that come with it!! The evening buffet was a complete suprise as most people on here put it down but we enjoyed it, and with the players club the price is only $6.99 (half price). We also ate in the caravan cafe late one night (early one morning) and enjoyed that also!Another bonus is the duece and monorail are very easy to access from the hotel, as is the Stratosphere and Circus Circus (we recommend the champagne sunday brunch here!), but we really like to walk the strip to!!I would definitley stay here again, if it is still here!!	
Nov 5 2007	Good place to stay	Good sized clean rooms. Staff - especially bell-hop desk - were very helpful and gave excellent advice for getting around and enjoying our stay. Have seen better Buffet Restaurants but with so much choice around it didn't matter. Whilst the location is not in the middle of the strip we found it to be great for getting access to all areas of Las Vegas. A must is a 24 hour ticket for just $5 on the Deuce Bus, which stops outside the hotel, runs every 8-10 minutes and goes from one end of the strip to the other - ending with a free shuttle to the Las Vegas Outlet Mall.	
Nov 4 2007 	Alright For A Bargain	Now I may be a bit jaded, and well this review is a couple years old, but I'm writing it anyway, as I've found the site helpful for an upcoming trip to the Caribbean.The hotel staff was very friendly, and so were all the people and especially the dealers. This was my first time in Vegas, and I personally wanted to stay more in the centre of the strip to have access to the better nightlife and casinos.From my understanding this casino has been around since the 50's? If not, it sure looked like it. I'm also not sure when the hotel went non-smoking, but I have a fairly keen sense of smell and could still smell smoke.The dealers were great, helped me w/ the basics of craps, and I ended up walking away w/ a few hundred dollars thanks to a guy w/ a hot hand.Bonus of the Sahara is that the monorail (cannot remember what it's called) has a stop there, which is very convenient. All in all, a nice place if you don't want to spend a few hundred a night on a nicer hotel. It just shows its age.	
Nov 1 2007	Sahara Las Vegas	Just returned from the Sahara. I booked this at the beginning of the year when there were a lot of bad reviews. I am not someone that normally stays 4 or 5 star, so to my family we were more than satisfied with the accomodation. The location as you might know is slightly north on the strip so maybe 40/50 mins walk to the main strip, however taxis are cheap at approx $10/15 dollars to the main strip. Yes I'd stay again the food in my opion was very good. We also went to a show at the Stratoshpere which we all enjoyed. The weather was very hot even in October.	
Oct 30 2007 	Good hotel good value	Like everyone else seemed to be I was wary about staying here after reading some of the reviews but the hotel was actually quite pleasant, especially for $60/night. I don't know if other travelers are just not willing to pay the extra $10/night to stay in a deluxe room or they just have randomly bad experiences because my stay was quite pleasant. I do admit upon check in they didn't have a room w/ a king although they did let us check in early &amp; the girl was quite nice. The room was very clean, nothing like the ones described in other's reviews. I do agree w/ previous reviews though that the room was quite hot, would advise other travelers to turn down the air all the way &amp; make sure to close the curtains completely. Other than having the staff at the Nascar Cafe ignore us I have nothing negative to say about the hotel or my stay there. I would definitely recommond for anyone to stay here that wants some peace &amp; quite at a resonable price. Only complaint was booking through Priceline. Although the price of the room had dropped I was unable to receive the lower price because the room was prepaid. That &amp; you can't change anything nor cancel your reservation if booked this way. Perhaps Priceline is good for booking flights or something of that sort but would NOT recommend for a hotel.	
Oct 27 2007 	Beware	Arrived 10/19 for two nights. I had called ahead for a King non-smoking and a late check-in. When we arrived we were informed that they had no King beds or non-smoking. They said they would move us the next day so we went up to the room. The room was something awful. There were stains on the walls, the carpet was filthy, the dresser was falling apart, the toilet was overflowing, there was water all over the bathroom, the tub faucet leaked. I called the front desk and they said they would move us. The next room was even more disgusting. It smelled like someone had vomited and it had not gotten cleaned up. There was a &quot;mystery&quot; stain on the vanity bench...gross. I thought this was a 3 star hotel! Needless to say I had a panic attack. The only redeeming quality of this hotel is the staff. They were very helpful and upgraded us to a suite which turned out to be clean; but the bed was a pull out and my back is still killing me a week later. AT LEAST THE SUITE WAS CLEAN!! I am a budget traveler...I do not regurally stay an anything more than 3 stars but this was by far the worst hotel I've ever seen. We paid $138.00 a night because the town was full last weekend. Never again.	
Oct 24 2007 	No problems at the Sahara	Stayed at the Sahara from September. 23, 2007 - October. 3, 2007. Arrived Sunday afternoon, check in was a breeze. There were about 5 people ahead of me, but the line went quickly. Check in is supposed to be 4:00 pm, we were there at 3:00. No problems what so ever. Liz was great. I had requested in advance, the Tangiers Tower, no smoking. It was no problem at all. We got our room right away, in the Tangiers Tower on a no smoking floor.(Thanks to previous posters, I knew what to ask for).I agree the hotel is dated, but the room was very clean, no stains on the carpet. Elevators were very quick. Don't forget you get what you paid for. I knew that from the get go. I was fortunate enough to get an upgrade at no charge. I know you have the fee for air conditioning etc..., but I knew about it before I got there. Why give the desk clerk grief when it is not his or her fault. They are just doing their job. Usually working with the public is a thankless one, so in my opinon treat them as the human beings they are.All of the staff I encountered were great. Nobody at the front desk looked unhappy to be there. The doors were always held open for us(I was travelling with a person who walks with the aid of a walker).The only negative thing I have to say about the hotel is the lack of handicapped parking. We were only able to use it on our last night, as they only have six spots. And the other is the elevator from the parking garage is a bit sketchy. Both of them in dire need of repair. They are very slow and the numbers on the inside of the elevator were not working on either one.There is alot of security riding and walking around the parking area. Very nice to see.	
Oct 22 2007 	Good for the money	For an average of $ 55.00 a night for 7 nights , it was ok. After reading their website which claimed to have &quot;Renovated rooms &quot; , we took a chance. It was ok. BUT needed new carpets and furniture for sure.  Long lineups at checkin also. They have 11 stations and only 2 were open. Also , &quot;Self check-in&quot; machines were not working.  They have the best Self parking around though. Close , not a long :&quot;Wheres my car &quot; search for it. Elevators close by. We like our morning coffee too , and there was no coffee maker, so we bought one for $9.99 and made our own for the 7 nights. Cheaper than going down to coffee place in casino and paying $2.00 a cup.  The rooms are in need of a makeover / reno , but the price was right , and stay was comfortable. Buffet was decent, and with Players card was only $7.99 for an array of food. You could never eat just one of everything.  Service at checkin was good and quick once we got to the front of the line.  Casino staff were wonderful all around. Drinks were easy to get , because its not a large casino and waitresses came by often. We used Valet parking for the first 2 days , and they were wonderful and cheerful also.  We did leave an article of clothing behind , sent a letter to them , but have not received a response yet.  All in all ....3/5 stars for us ...We would go back based on price. We spend a very short time in our rooms anyway.	
Oct 19 2007	Pool Area	Our fourth stay at the Sahara now under new management since August this year. No major improvements noticable as yet but the hotel is still good value for money overall. One word of warning though to the over forty age group intending to stay and avail themselves of the swimming pool area, take with you a good set of earplugs as the canned music is horrendous and requests to have it toned down in our experience brought about only a slight and short lived improvement. Ross &amp; Maura Haworth from the UK	
Oct 19 2007 	room broken into	This was the 4th time I have stayed at this hotel so obviously I had not had major problems before.This time was very different.On check in an unhelpful clerk told me that the non-smoking room I had requested 6 months before when I made the booking was not available.Despite my insistance that I didn't find this acceptable we had no choice but to take the smoking room with an agreement that they would move us to a non smoking room the next morning,which after making us stand in-(the very long) check in line (as always)several times the next day they eventually did.Because of all this messing around I failed to get a safety deposit box sorted out(stupid I know)-they are at the front desk not in the rooms a fact clearly known to would be thieves &amp; yes you guessed it on returning to our room we found that all our money had been stolen!We reprted it to the hotel sercurity (&amp; the police-who took 3 hours to come out)who had us write a report &amp; that was the last we heard from them-no contact from the hotel management &amp; when we asked to see the sercurity manager on several occasions we were fobbed off that the ''investigation'' would take 7-10 days &amp; then someone would contact us.We are still waiting.The police told us that 2 rooms were robbed that day so I can only surpose that this happens quite reguarly at this hotel.I will never stay here again-they just don't have any regard for their guests.	
Oct 17 2007 	depressing	This hotel feels like it is just waiting to be torn down. Clearly no money has been invested in updating or maintaining the hotel for a very long time. The staff all do as good a job as they can considering what they have to work with. The problem is simply that the hotel has slipped so far compared to everywhere else in vegas that it is no longer worth spending the money that it would take to make it nice again. I believe the owners are aware of this and are doing the very minimum to keep this place alive an wealthy investor purchases the hotel purely for the land it sits on. there are plenty of other cheap places to stay in vegas that do not feel and warn down and depressing as this hotel. The ONLY good thing for me was that the Casino is Very cheap. they have $3 blackjack tables which allowed me to gamble for hours and spend as little time in my disgusting room as possible.	
Oct 15 2007 	Bad Customer Service	It was my first time in Vegas,I live in Virginia and I go to College where I study TRAVEL AND TOURISM ; so we decided to stay in the Sahara me and a couple of cassmates since we were attending the TRADE SHOW, we shared the room, so I made the reservation under my name and they directly took a deposit amount from my credit card of $216.91 for the first night, and when we checked in; which took us almost 1 hour because there were a lot of people waiting in line and only 2 people working at the front desk, we checked in anw gave all our information, names and credit cards information and specifically told the person that we will be spliting the bill in 2 credit cards, so they said it was ok, wrote down our names again and signed for everything, so we were ok and enjoyed 4 days in VEGAS, and when we were ready to check out we paid $243.99 each and signed and everything again, but one of my friends was staying and extra day, so he told the person at the front desk to get a room for one more night, so HE REOMMENDED to stay in the same room, not to take his bags anywhere because he will be checked in again for an extra night, that sounded good, but I was leaving so I did not know and I did not care how my friend was going to pay for that extra night.So after 3 weeks, I reeived my credit card statement and I got surprised when I saw 2 charges for the Hotel, they charged my staying and another $321.01 which I did not know the reason,so I called to ask why they charged me twice, first I called to reservation, they said they could not help me, so I called to Front Desk, they said they will call me back, they never did, and i called again and they told me to call Accounting office that they MIGHT be able to help me, so I had to wait 2 more days to ask them about this, because they only work on weekdays, and when I called a very rude and unprofessional person named LANA answered the phone and put me on hold without even asking me for almost 15 minutes, and when she came back she told me that I got charged for 5 nights, she did not even ask me my version, she just told me : YOU GOT CHARGED FOR WHAT YOU STAYED, do you need anything else, I got shocked, I told her my story again for 5th time, and she put me on hold again, and when she came back, she tells me I call you back, I got upset and did not want to give my number, I was tired of being put on hold and waiting a long time to get an answer from the hotel, so without leting me know she transfered my call to another person named Jason, who told me the same thing, I told him my story again for the 6th time, and he agreed to check what happened, never apologizing for what happened or for the unprofessional way his teammates take care of their guests, so at the end it was a mistake of the FROT DESK, but I never heard an apology, never heard a word of sorrow, anything, he called me back to let me know that they made a mistake and they will be ckarging me back my money in the next couple of days.That is the way they thank you for our business with them, they charged me $800.00 for 4 nights, when they were not supposed to, and never said thay they are sorry, it is common sense in any kind of business to take care of the customers, they probably do not care about that, and I am very dissapointed with the Hotel's members, probably Managment or Corporation does not know how bad they are doing, and that is one of the reasons why people do not come back. I was planning to go back to Vegas next year with my wife, that was until last week, when I saw my credit card statement I changed my mind about the hotel, of course I am coming back to Vegas, but I WILL NOT STAY AT THE SAHARA, because they do not know how to take care of their customers and guests.	
Oct 14 2007	Sahara Rocks!!!!	Myself and Fiance have just returned from a weeks holiday in Las Vegas. We were so un-decided before we went as to which hotel to stay in and finally decided on the Sahara. We wanted a not to expensive hotel but in a decent location on the strip. We were a little unsure what we were going to arrive to having read some of the reviews. Upon arriving we were pleasantly suprised! The hotel yes a little dated but who cares. The staff were extremely friendly and always willing to help. We booked a Deluxe room and was given a room with a view of the strip, pool and hills. FAB VIEW! The room very spacious and very clean. Yes a few marks on the carpet but nothing that would make me give this hotel a bad review. The bed was the best kingsize we have ever slept in. The bathroom was very clean and towels changed everyday. They provide safes at reception free of charge which was great. The Caravan Cafe was amazing. This is in the hotel just through the casino and we had breakfast there every day as it is great value and the staff again are so friendly and polite. We also ate in the Mexican which was ace! There is a lot of building work going on at the sahara end of the strip but I promise you you cant hear any noise and it really didn't interfere with us. Infact we found it all really interest to see the developments.The monorail was a godsend. It is only £4.50 each for a day pass. You can ride it as many times a day. We couldn't have survived without it. The hotel isn't too far out from the rest of the strip. It looks like it is on the map but it is only a 10 minute walk to say the Venitian or Fashion Show Mall. (And that was with 3 inch heels on!!!) The pool and pool area was clean and tidy with plenty of loungers to go around. We would defo stay at the Sahara again without a doubt and were sad to read the bad reviews people had logged as we nearly didn't stay at the Sahara due to them. We are glad we took a chance as our holiday was made perfect due to the SAHARA's staff, location and cleanliness!!! See you again soon SAHARA x z &amp; a	
Oct 10 2007 	Great Holiday	Our second time at the Sahara - it suits our budget while still being on the strip.The rooms are dated and in need of repair but if like us you don't intend on spending you holiday in your room the who cares... the beds are comfortable and that's what really matters.The monorail is more expensive that in used to be but it is probably still cheaper to do that than stay in a south strip hotel.Beer prices have gone up since last year too but it's only a short walk to the slots of fun ;-)Having said that, this time was a holiday of drinking and gambling and I have to say I enjoyed my stay at the Sahara. I've stayed south strip and it is nice not to have to walk for 20 mins just to get out of the hotel. Everything here is close by. Even the rest of the strip if you don't mind a walk and it's not too hot.I had some great nights/mornings in the Sahara playing penny slots and drinking. Some of the cocktail waitresses were great, you didn't even have to ask for another drink they just brought you one.I also had quite a bit of luck luck there on the slots this time too ;-)There is a bus stop right outside if you fancy a trip downtown which is always worth a visit.Since you are at the end of the monorail it's easy to get to the rest of the strip if you don't fancy the walk (although you can get a taxi easy enough if you want if). The monorail can work out expensive so work out in advance how often you intend to use it and buy the right ticket. There were some good coupons avalable in the many free magazines so take advantage of them.By far the best moment of the holiday is not a typical one. A LV resident we had met a few days before offered to take us out for the day into the LV mountains. She had already told us some great tales of the way the old LV used to be and that in itself made this trip special. But back to the mountains.We couldn't wait. This meant off roading up the mountains!! We got so far up and stopped to take it all in. It was so quiet and peacefull up there.We took a wrong turn and the terrain got rough!!. Luckily she had experience of off roading and got us through although her car took a battering; I couldn't believe the size of the rocks and ravines she had to navigate through - say what you like about women drivers, I'm sure glad she was in charge.We got back on track and on into the mountains.. fantastic scenery so far and a great experience. Then we came across some wild horses. She had brought some apples etc in case we saw them. They looked like they needed them too - skinny animals but great to see horses in the wild.Given the terrain she decided to take us on through the mountains rather than go back. We went on to the next town. This was great for me as we were seeing more of Nevada than I ever hoped.We went for lunch in the next town before driving the long way back to LV. We stopped off at an old saloon which has been there for about 100 years or so. Tiny place, world famous among bikers. I think we were all glad of a drink, covered in desert sand and dirt - a badge of honour for our mountain trip and we didn't care one bit.This was our last day and by far the most memorable. I won't mention her name but if she is reading this then you made that holiday a special one!!!! I hope we see you again.	
Oct 10 2007 	Better than expected	Was better than expected. The electronic check in didnt work because i had two rooms on my card but only one on my name. The desk staff was helpful and put us up nice and high in the tower. Had a few problems but they fixed it while we were out. Would stay here again.	
Oct 7 2007 	A-OK for an affordable place to stay.	After some of the negative reviews I have read on here since my return I almost felt compelled to write a review in defence of The Sahara. My wife and I stayed here a week ago, it was my 6th trip to Vegas and her second. Since neither of us was new to the Vegas experience we figured we'd try to save a few bucks and found the best deal online at the Sahara's website. We also picked it for easy access to the Monorail and for a bit of old Vegas nostalgia. Based on info from other reviews on this site I made sure to select a &quot;Deluxe&quot; room in the Tangiers Tower. The rate at the time was $60 a night after all taxes and fees, or at least half the price of many other mid to lower end properties on the strip. The room as mentioned in other reviews was about a Comfort Inn quality and was clean with no problems or strange smells. For the money we were paying I was more than happy with the room as was my wife. We had booked and received a non-smoking King room facing Las Vegas Blvd. All hotel staff we encountered were polite and efficient.We ate at the Buffet twice and the NASCAR Cafe and Caravan Cafe once each. All dining experiences were great for the money, good quality and cleanliness all around and with friendly service.The casino was almost ideal for our needs, big enough to have good variety but not so large you couldn't find your way around. The only negative for us was that later in the evening the ventalation system didnt seem able to keep up with the smoke, but in Vegas this can happen in a lot of casinos.Yes the Sahara is on the north end and kind of in the middle of nowhere due to the re-development going on around it. But with the monorail being so easy to access it was no trouble at all to tour the whole strip with a short ride.We didn't use the pool, but the area looked nice and clean and the other guests I spoke to while we were there who had used the pool had nothing but positive things to say.There were timeshare reps in a few locations in the hotel lobby and near the NASCAR Cafe, but the timeshare people seem to be everywhere in Vegas no matter what hotel you are walking through, so I can't fault the Sahara for that. (Just say &quot;No thank you.&quot; and they'll leave you alone, it's not hard to do. :-)All in all we were very happy with the Sahara and would not hesitate to stay there again.	
Oct 7 2007 	ok	have stayed before and was very good but this time stayed in alexandria tower - room was bit tatty and old. not bad for the price but can do better on the strip. nice pool	
Oct 4 2007 	NEVER again	We only had to stay at the Sahara for one night and thankfully we were leaving at 4 am the next morning for our flight. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. It seems like they don't even care about the hotel rooms almost as if they know sometime soon someone will buy the hotel and tear it down. We checked into the Tangiers Tower which by the description on the Sahara website this was a &quot;deluxe&quot; room. There was NOTHING deluxe about this room. - The elevators to get to your room are scary (buttons for floors missing/old/door doesn't close all the way). - When you get off on your floor it appears as though you've stepped back in time to the '70's and are blown away with the smell. We were on a non smoking floor but at that point smokey smell would have been welcomed. - Room was terrible. Everything is old and appeared as if it had been heavily used and abused. The beds were higher on the foot of the bed and sloped down as you got closer to the wall.P.S. the room keys are just plain white.....just white! They don't even care to print the hotel name on them.....nothing! - Laminated &quot;Safety &amp; Security&quot; card is scary. Don't get me wrong, other hotels have security steps but they don't lay them out for you to read as soon as you check into your room. Also, no hotel clearly has ever displayed the fact that you can call the front desk for a Sharps container so you can safely dispose of your NEEDLES! I'm almost thinking that they are not referring to needles needed for medical reasons after looking at the surroundings. - Area is also poor. There is nothing close that you really need to walk and see. The Statosphere is within walking distance though.I would strongly recommend that anyone thinking about staying here take 10 extra minutes and visit the website of a few other hotels in the center of the strip instead. Treasure Island is centrally located and would be considered luxury compared to the Sahara. You can get pretty good deals there and you would have a much more amazing Vegas experience there. The center of the strip is a night and day difference compared to the end by Sahara. I can understand now when people stay at that end and then tell me that they really didn't enjoy the trip to Vegas. The center of the strip has the Fashionshow Mall and wonderful places to eat there (Maggiano's; RA sushi; Capital Grille), you are right across the street from Wynn and Venetian (Must See), right down from Ceasar's and the Forum Shops and very close to Margaritaville. There is WAY more to do and see here and better walking enviroment as well. I say the Sahara is a 1 star hotel and if that is what your looking for great, if you expect a decent hotel for your money (no matter how good your deal is) then do not book here. Take your money somewhere else.	
Oct 3 2007 	It is what it is.	This hotel should ONLY be used for the following reasons:1. You cannot afford anything else on the strip and have to stay in Las Vegas.2. You are under 25 years old or younger, single and simply looking for a place to sleep.3. You normally stay at roach motels.4. You are 75 years old or older and have lost all concept of cleanliness or order.5. They pay you to stay here.Three guy friends and I stayed here for a guys Vegas weekend (Sep 27-Oct 2) and it was aweful. The rooms smelled, everything was VERY old, inconveniently located, small, few and terrible food options, and near nothing you want to be near. Stay somewhere else near the center of the strip. This place needs to be imploded. If is did not cost us $50 per person average for the 2 rooms we got I would have flipped out.	
Oct 2 2007	Stonekeeper Road trip Day 7	Good check in staff. Roy (Texas)Excellent value considering location.Fully functional room. Clean and well presented.Stayed in Tangiers Tower 21st floor very good view.Gaming staff very helpful to us new comers to gambling.	
Oct 1 2007 	Hadn't been in a while and it's a bit worse this time around	My boyfriend and I had very late flights on Sunday and had to check out of the Flamingo by 11am and wanted a &quot;home base&quot; rather than just checking our luggage with them and wandering around for 10 hours, so we looked into another &quot;night&quot; at the Flamingo or a day use rate. They did not have day use and they wanted over $300 for one more night at the Flamingo. So, I called an old standby, The Sahara. It had been almost 3 years since I stayed there but remembered it's not so bad for a cheap place. Well, it was $85 but the cheapest we could find on the strip. So we hauled our stuff over there and checked in. We had a room on the 20th floor with a balcony. Room 2026. It was an ok room, large, but old and dingy and I'm glad we didn't have to sleep there. The best thing about the room was the view from the balcony. The bathroom was clean and everything else was clean, just so old and worn. And the internet on the tv did not work. We paid for it but got refunded when we notified the front desk.The people at the desk were great as were the doormen. Didn't have much luck in the casino here, as I usually do. The best part, besides having the balcony, was catching a limo ride to the airport since no taxi's came. The doorman called us a limo (white stretch) for the same cost as a cab. It was great.I probably would not stay at the Sahara again unless the rate was too good to pass up and I got a balcony.	
Sep 28 2007	Blood room from Hell	I stayed at the Sahara Hotel on September 19 - 22, 2007. Unfortunately, my enjoyment of the event was spoiled by a number of issues. Firstly, The room was dirty and had iron burn marks on the carpeting. We could not walk without shoes because the carpeting was very dirty. The Patio carpeting was ripped and the furniture was very dirty too. Secondly, the bottom sheet had black foot mark on the side of the bed. The top sheet was torn and had blood markings on it. The sheets were not changed the whole stay. The final point was when we found bugs in the bed in the morning with FRESH BLOOD. We called the front desk for help and left several messages for the manager to call us. I was told no manager on duty until 8 AM. I did not get a call back so we packed our bags and went to the desk and asked for the manager. Shawena Lincoln came out of the office with attaudute before we complained about the bugs. After telling her our problem about the bugs she grabbed the phone harshly and called security like we were outlaws. I am seriously concerned about our health and safety. She should have explained about bed bugs and how they travel in your bags. After getting home we found bugs in our luggage and had several bite marks on Chester's boby. We had to burn our luggage because the bugs hide in the seams and cloths.	
Sep 24 2007 	Many Returns!!	Fresh from Las Vegas! Many thanks to those posts I’ve read and recommendations that made for an awesome trip! First off, we were booked on an 8:15 PM flight from CLE-LAS. We thought to try and fly standby and ended up in Las Vegas 11 hours earlier than originally planned (well worth the $25 fee)Yeah US AIR. Since we had extra time we decided to go to Freemont Street. Yes-its an experience. the lights are nice, full of vendors and Binions was cool. ($5 Pai Gow). We stayed at the Sahara and it was Great! If I had to state what made it so great in 1 word it would be the “STAFF” the room moderate-not at all fancy, but realistically how much time do you spend in a room in Vegas? Bed was comphy, room was clean. Our hair dryer was broke and a quick call to the front desk and we had one brought up to us. The pit boss we met was awesome as was the one we met on our last trip. Infact-- that had a lot to do with our decision to stay here. We had taken a pic with him 2 years ago and when we returned we brought the pic to give to him. Sadly we didn’t get to say hello but the pit boss who was there was kind enough to pass it on for us with a short note. Thanks to our dealers in “Pai Gow” and “Mini Pai Gow” Ming and Syri. For heckling us when we didn’t play the bonus ;) There were others too I apologize (Too many Corona’s) We had such a good time we even asked to fill out a comment card. As they assured me would compliment the dealers’ reviews. The Breakfast Buffet…everything from eggs, bacon, pancakes pastries to pasta’s, pizza, fried chicken, salad bar, freshly carved ham, prime rib and pork, Oh, and can’t forget the Momosa’s!!! Disappointed I wasn’t there to eat dinner. Bad: (1) Plain white room keys! hard to find your room after a full day of drinking! (2) Service at the video poker bar. SLOW. Every morning my friend and I would stop for a bloody mary and a few hands of video poker. And the bartender there was very un-attentive. Just not very friendly. (2) Nascar CAFÉ: Bartender didn’t know who won the race! Now Come On!! Do Overs: a short list of things we would DEFINITELY go back just to see. Out side Harrah’s is a small court of vendors a bar and a stage which had entertainment on it all day and the bartenders really can flare! its entertainment itself! Again at Harrah’s…. the dueling piano bar. $5 cover-drinks were average and both the men and women were great entertainers. They had to make Boo Coo Cash that night! Great Job! The hotel itself is VERY CROWDED. Imperial ? or Palace Station (I think): $1 Michelob’s, we commented on the bartenders shirt and he directed to us where to buy it and some other great souvenirs. Beside it being quite chilly at night and our hockey team losing in a shoot out ? (Go Av’s!) our trip was a blast! Cant wait till next years hockey game. Will definitely stay at the Sahara and next time were taking 2 more girls with us. Thanks to everyone at the Sahara.(Though most never heard of this web site) I would definitely recommend this hotel! ****	
Sep 23 2007 	Great Rate Great Stay	My friend and I had stayed the week of the 17th, we stayed in the tangiers tower. I was a little worried at first reading some of the reviews before our stay but you know what, dont believe any of the bad one but then again maybe it was THEM that had the bad experience. Check-In was quick, no problems, the room was nice, everything worked well, no problems. We had eaten at the mexican restaurant, Very Good must say and not expensive. We had bought the monorail tickets which was very affordable and very convenient if you wanted to go to the other end of the strip. So all and all everything was good, no problems. Will definitely be back next year and stay at the Sahara again.	
Sep 22 2007 	great vacation	we checked in on sunday sept 16 without any problems. we asked for tangers towers and got it. people at check in all very nice. went up to room. it was clean and big enough (since we knew we would not be spending much time in the room). the table games were great. $5 blackjack any time of day or night. always got on a table without any waiting. played mini pagow for 10 hrs non stop. great NEW game, dealers and pit bosses not totally sure of rules but by 3rd day got better. ate dinner at house of lords and it was good. nascar cafe also good. all in all for the price we payed for this vacation it was well worth it. during the week the remodeling began. by next year it will be totally done. i would recommend this hotel to all. we spent our last 2 times in vegas at flamingo and would not go back there. this beat it hands down.	
Sep 22 2007 	wish I would have stayed else where	I stayed for 6 nights over a w/e in the middle of september 2007 and I wish I had booked else where. The construction going on 24/7 accross the street kept me awake at night. The mattresses and pillowsare rock hard and lumpy. The room was anything but clean. Found holesand hairs in the sheets on arrival. The place is run down and looks it. The room service was slow and food quality poor. Although the monorail is adjacent to the hotel it would have been more convient to stay closer to the hub of the strip. Do yourself a favour and stayat the Tropicana or Excalibur hotels, they are also reasonably pricedand you'll save yourself the hassel of commuting back and forth and $9 for a daily pass.	
Sep 21 2007 	Staff Yeah - Room Nay	I found myself needing a last minute room in Las Vegas, 7:30 pm, had my kidlet look up a room online and booked the Sahara. I got to the hotel at about 10 pm with a locator number, but the reservation had not come through the system. The desk clerk was pleasant and helpful, and checked me in right away with a flag on my papers regarding the reservation. She tried to contact the online company right away but was unsuccessful. I'm sure having my credit card was a plus, but I appreciated the pleasant treatment anyway. I checked back the next morning, and still no reservation! The morning clerk was also terrific and said not to worry, if it did not come through until after check out, there would be no problem getting a credit. I luckily didn't need to worry about that. The hotel room and pool were another story. There was a large red stain trying to hide under a wastebasket, shredded wallpaper, strands of hair in the shower and tp floating in the bowl! Ew ... Thankfully the sheets were clean and I wasn't moving in for longer. I headed down to the pool in the morning and all was well til I headed into the water and saw a brown blob giving off something scary on the bottom of the pool. I left the water, and left the hotel. The end ...	
Sep 17 2007 	Very Pleased with the Sahara	My family and I were all in need in for a vacation we were visiting from Hawaii, family in Utah and California were able to meet us in Vegas from 08/28-09/01, Sahara had a good deal and were hesitant after we read reviews, we had 4 rooms and requested for non-smoking and near each other, very thankful that our requests were met even after we were advised that there was no guarantee. The pool was awesome my family definitely took advantage of that and also the casino. The Sahara buffet was just ok. Housekeeping was very quick to response whenever we called. Overall our stay here was good and will definitely return.	
Sep 13 2007 	Awful Sahara	We stayed at the Sahara for the Labor Day Weekend, we got a non smoking room that smelled like an ashtray. The room looked beat up. There was some type of growth on the ice machine, I wish I would have taken a picture. There is no safety latch on door, the ac had no filter and did not work very well, hot and humid in the room. We picked this hotel because of the Nascar Cafe and Arcade, Roller Coaster and simulator cars. The Nascar Cafe was filthy! There is a couple inches of dust on the display cars, food smeared on the menus. Our server went to go get our beverages and never came back! Needless to say we left and tried their other restaurant, the service was also bad and food quality okay. We encountered this type of service throughout the hotel. As for the arcade the simulator cars only run half the time they used to and the attendant made a commnet of &quot;thats just the way it is now&quot;. Very, Very disappointed and will never go back. Some Deals Are Just Not Worth It.	
Sep 5 2007	good value clean rooms	Won the trip to Vegas including the hotel stay. After reading the reviews we were somewhat apprehensive about staying at the Sahara. The rooms were clean and we had no problems with the accommodations. At check in the first clerk we dealt with did have a snotty attitude and seemed unwilling to make any effort to find our reservations because they had misspelled our name. She sent us off on a wild goose chase to the bellman’s desk to get a room assignment and key. The bell captain sent us back to check-in and the second attendant was congenial and helpful and got us into our room without further adieu (even though the first girl tried to interfere). The Sahara needs to weed out some of the incompetents on their staff.	
Sep 3 2007 	fantastic	Fantastic hotel on vagas strip, 10min walk along famous strip to all other casinos. Great facilities, medium sized hotel in comparrison to the other grander casino/hotels eg; MGM. Rooms are basic, but offer fantastic views of stratosphere and other vagas sites. Accomodation was pretty cheap. Gd hotel if u want to escape the grandure and overcrowding of central strip area but still want to feel part of the hustle and bustle, still very central.	
Sep 1 2007 	No problems AT ALL!	Vegas baby!We came to stay at the sahara late August this year, infact whilst writing this we just moved on from there to LA. Here's our stay in a few short paragraphs.We arrived late, about midnight, after riding a 14hr greyhound bus from San Francisco. We've stayed in a combination of Hostels, motels and hotels during this particular trip, so have had a pretty broad appreciation of accomodation. We've also visited Vegas before, staying at an equally styled hotel to the Sahara (stardust, sadly now blown to smitherines else we'd have stayed there again). Check-in was fine, the queue was a few people long, but there were several staff working at the time. The check-in guy was polite and friendly, and we picked up some mail that had been waiting for us without a problem. Now then, people seem to be complaining about the rooms. I'll state this now, we stayed in the NEW tower (tangiers tower) built in 1991. This should help avoid any confusion. After checking in, we headed to the room. There seems to be a thing about vomit in elevators, and guess what? There was! but to be honest, it's vegas... you'd be pretty damn lucky to go somwhere that's free from either vomit or porn, or a combination of the two.Large room, clean clean clean. Good TV channels, wireless keyboard (so you can access the net through the TV... I think). One thing I don't agree with about this hotel, but it's the same for most places in vegas, is the wireless internet charge of $11.99 a day. We decided to get it for two days, and it was a good strong connection but still pretty pricey. The AC in the room was good, not icey like I prefer, but still, no night sweats (even after several margaritas!).The buffett is great for the price, we hit the 'best buffett in vegas' at planet hollywood one night, which at double the cost of Sahara was doubley amazing. However, for a decent meal with basic food, great roasts and free sodas, the Sahara was cool. We spent a great 5 nights here for a minimal amount of money (we paid the same here for a grotty tiny room at a hostel in new york, trust me, Sahara was 10000% better than that), and we would definitely return here (perhaps requesting tangiers tower...).Positives about the hotel:+ The monorail, great connections to the lower strip, if a little pricey at $5 a trip of $9(when on a special rate) a day (usually $15). Runs till 2/3am+ The pool, not as elaborate at some vegas pools, but hey, you're not paying for the bellagio or the venetion, so why expect their facilities?+ Speed the ride, this is ACE, and not as rough as the new york new york 'coaster.+ Not a massive casino floor, you won't get lost! there's everything there though, slots and tables, pretty good for an amature gambler.+ Good room service prices .+ TV checkout, much quicker than waiting in line!Negatives:- Pretty north of the strip, but you pay the same price here as for the Stratosphere which is about 3 blocks further north!Just remember guys, this ISNT the bellagio or any of the high class casinos and shouldn't be compared against them when you look at the price difference, it's an oldie but a goodie!	
