	Great service 	Stayed at the relatively new Eastside Cannery hotel. Location, Boulder strip, might be a little away from the Strip, but it is only a 10-15 minute drive to get there or to LAS airport. However, there are enough other casinos in the surrounding area, eg. Sam's Town &amp; Arizona Charlies (and do not forget the convenience of a Wallmart store just across the road). But why go there as this Cannery property has a big selection of different slots and modern rooms with pretty good beds. My standard room was huge and with enough facilities. Liked in particular the minifridge which was totally empty, so I could fill it with bottles of water and sodas. Also the $ 29.95 per night rate was a great bargain. Even the old places like Sahara, Riviera and Stratosphere were asking more during the nights I was there. Another big plus is that you can park your car easily in front of the hotel and it is just a short walk to reach the elevators to go upstairs to your room. Now compare that with the big casinos on the Strip like MGM, PH, Paris, where you need to pass the (huge) shopping malls first. There should be more of these hotels in Vegas! After checking out and driving almost halfway LA, I found out that I had forgotten to take a bag with newly bought clothes out of the room with me . I phoned the hotel, explained the situation and after a little search they offered me to ship the bag to my home address, which is in Amsterdam (The Netherlands). And the best part, completely free of charge! Well done Eastside Cannery for this fantastic service! I will surely return to your hotel next year.	
Nov 14 2009 	Comfy rooms good player's club	Rooms were very nice and fancy looking. Didnt have all of the mismatched wallpaper and paintings. Employees were nice and helpful. Bus to downtown strip was right outside the hotel. Good drink specials and fun player's club! Definitely be a member of this one! Night club hours are strange..	
Nov 12 2009 	Great value nice rooms and casino	We stayed here for 2 nights last week. We wanted to stay off the strip to save some $$ and we were on our way to the Grand Canyon anyway. If you have a car, it's easy enough to get to the strip or downtown. Originally, the check-in clerk put us on the 6th floor but after seeing the casino rooftop from our window, we went back to the desk and she gave us a room on the 11th floor without any problem. The rooms are large, with a floor-to-ceiling window. Beds were very comfortable. There was no smoke smell outside of the casino and it was very quiet all night. The casino itself was large with a good variety of new slots and $5 BJ tables. Drink service was very good. It was really quiet in there on Thursday night, a little more crowded on Friday but still easy to get any machine or get a seat at a BJ table. I found the slots by the elevators to be tight but they seemed a little better on the other side of the casino. My wife and I played for several hours and came out fairly even. Overall, a very nice stay!	
Oct 22 2009 	Good value for tight budget	The rooms were a great value for the money, $29.00 weekday and $59.00 weekend. My wife didn't like all the smoke in the casino. We both like to take outside walks while on vacation, but decided it may not be a safe area for walking. The hotel has a good buffet for the money, that we both enjoyed.	
Oct 21 2009 	Good Rooms- Lobby/Casino was Disgusting	The rooms were great, spacious with a bar, modern furniture. The whole hotel is only a few years old. The window in the room was huge floor to ceiling glass with an awesome view of the Vegas lights very beautiful.The staff seemed spaced out and indifferent. They weren't particularly rude or anything they just seemed out of it. It was a little disturbing. The only real negative to this hotel and its a big one is the stench in the lobby. It reeked of cigarette smoke- the smelliest cheapest cigarettes I am sure. It was so bad that by the time you got to your room you felt dirty and contaminated which really detracted from the beautiful room. The elevator was horribly stinky as well. Another thing which disgusted me was that this casino was very popular with the local gambling trash (apparently the winnings were good here) and they were here in droves. I do not like seeing a bunch of smelly trashy people on the way up to my room on a daily basis- so although the price was unbelievably low and the room was great I'm not sure I would stay here again or feel comfortable recommending this to a friend.Also, no free breakfast or free internet which was disappointing.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Bargain	My husband and I have been to Las Vegas many times and like to try new places to stay. I saw this new casino/hotel advertised online and decided to try it. The rates were $29 for weekdays and $49 for the weekends. The property is one year old so everything is very new and clean. It is located on Boulder Highway which is about six miles from the strip. We rent a car so that was no problem for us. The rooms were huge and included a microwave and small refrigerator. The bathtub/shower could easily hold two people. Housekeeping was very good and everything was very clean. To get to our room the room key had to be put into a slot in the elevator or it would not go up. We thought that was a great security measure. We would definately stay here again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Experience With A Friebdly Staff	I recently had the pleasure of staing at the Eastside Cannery and was pleasantly surprised. Everyone was wondeful and a special thanks to Holly and Kim at the front desk. The rooms are very comfortable, the staff is very friendly and the restaurants were great!!! I'm looking forward to my next visit and will receommend this hotel to all my friends and family.	
Oct 2 2009 	Stunning.	We stayed for three days and found the Eastside Cannery a total pleasure. The room was amazing, the pool spotless and quiet. A fabulous buffet that was great value and a brilliant price. Good slot choice with a fast and friendly cocktail service with great girls.Only good things to say about this off strip joint.	
Aug 21 2009 	Best Price for the Value	The rooms were clean, beautiful and spacious. For only $29.95 a night, it was great! The only complaint is that the casino is smokey. I didn't think my room was, but some of the people I was traveling with did. The room service was quick and very delicious! I wasnt feeling well and ordered hot tea through room service later, which they didnt charge me for. The check in check out was easy and no wait. I went to the cafe for breakfast, where service was a bit slow, but food was good.	
Jun 10 2009 	Not bad	Stayed here for 2 night's over the last weekend in May. Not bothered being off strip as this was not a first or second visit to Las Vegas. We have stayed on strip, off strip and downtown before plus we always have a car. The hotel is OK but I don't think we will ever return to stay, maybe to eat as the food is good. We actually prefer next door to this hotel, Sam's Town for ambience. The room was nice with large window's and also kept clean. From the look of the fitting's they look like they will age quickly, so in a few short year's the place could look pretty tired. We did not eat at their buffet, it had just reopened but when we went it was seafood night which is not our favorite. We did eat at their sister hotel the Cannery and that was very good, one of the better one's and very reasonably priced. If the Eastside's is as good as that one, it would be worth the effort to go back. We tried using the pool, saw the wristband thingy but ignored it as there were only a handfull of people there and the attendant never asked. There was a family with 3 kids turned up after about 10 min's and the kid's were screaming their head's off and anoying everyone, so within 20 min's they had the pool to themselves as everyone left.	
Jun 8 2009 	The greatest decision in Las Vegas	I recently traveled to Las Vegas to play in the World Series of Poker. I booked 1 week at the Eastside Cannery. Just a side note i have stayed at about 30 different casinos in Vegas. This place is amazing. Quick check in complimented with coupons and a friendly desk person. The rooms are better then advertised. plenty of room and seating within the room. The bathtub could fit 2 people very comfortably. Housekeeping is immediate as well is the room service. The buffet is one of the best in town and the hotel provides you with 2 for 1 coupons at the players club desk. delicious cuts of prime rib, italian, chinese and american food is always provided. On wednesday the seafood buffet is second to none. I earned enough points at a couple hours of gaming to get 2 free seafood buffet coupons. The gaming center is great too. the dealers are all friendly and the floor managers are very socialable and helpful. With many table games and slots to play you will always have something to do. They hae a small poker room but it is more then enough to host there nightly texas hold em tourney. $25 entry and a pretty good pay out if you cash. The bar also has a really good band to provide you with live music any evening. As a matter of fact the casino was so much fun I never made it to the rooftop lounge. (sorry). Traveling to the strip was never more then 10 minutes, even during rush hour. And for $30 a night this place is weel worth the short drive. I have no complaints about this place and if they continue down the same path i will be staying here every year I come to Vegas. I promise you won't regret it.	
Jun 5 2009 	Spoilt by noise from Club 16	We have been visiting Vegas 3/4 times each year from England since 1994 so over the years have stayed in most of the main hotels/casinos. For a change we thought we would try something new and off the strip. We stayed Memorial weekend and so expected it to be busy. The casino is light and airy. Has a good variety of slots. Food choices and prices are good. Pool area is totally boring, no cocktail service and with a ridiculous system of having to get a wristband from check in which you are not told about until you get to the pool and therefore then have to go back to check in and get in line. (something to do with keeping the locals out I was told)! Not many beds unless they plan to put more out in the summer guess this will be a problem also pool deck is quite small. We booked a King size Jacuzzi room for $129 per night. The corner room was absolutely beautiful with 2 floor to ceiling windows. The bathroom was very large with really nice shower, seperate toilet and huge jacuzzi. Extremely nice layout. Good toiletries provided. Coffee maker and fridge provided, extremely rare in a Vegas room. Very very comfortable bed. Our room was on the 14th floor which was the highest. Club 16 is on the 16th floor. The room would have been absolutely perfect until the Club 16 music started until 3am. The noise reverberated and boomed through our ceiling all night, yes I know most people are up all night in the casino but not all, so if you plan to retire to bed before 3am and are on the 14th floor below Club 16 be warned - you will not sleep until the club closes. Management are aware that this is a problem, acknowleged it and on complaint immediatel reduced the room rate from $129 to $69. So all in all, nice casino, good food, excellent standards in rooms but huge problem with noise from club, if this gets sorted we would return, if not never again unfortunately.	
May 21 2009 	For the PriceYou can't beat it	Be aware that the $29.95 price is only at certain times.However,if you are a player,you can get comped,like I did,including Fri-Sat. There is a 24 hour coffee shop;the buffet was being redone &amp; should be open by now.Food is quite satisfying,even their Steakhouse prices are reasonable.Only glitch was VERY NOISY neighbors adjacent,so noisy that front desk accommodated me wit a mid stay room change which wasmuch better.Rooms have flat panel TV with most cable stations.Coffee shop service is verrrrry SLOW!Weekend rates are half that of other places but,this place is NOT a fleabag. Te floor to ceiling windows give a great view.BEWARE! As another stated,DO NOT use Phone or Internet service. Charges are outrageous.Staff very helpful &amp; accommodating.Note that slots are very tight on weekend but the rest of the time ,WOW!Clientele is Locals &amp; Seniors,Seniors &amp; Locals,didn't get to theit top floor nightclub unfortunately.Oh,you don't need a cab....city bus stops at their entrance;need personal stuff? WalMart SuperCenter just up the HwyAlbertson's just down the hwy. I stopped in at Sam's Town next door,you can walk it,no comparison. EC nice &amp; relaxed,good drink service;Sam's a rushed grind joint,very,very tight,poor service.	
May 8 2009 	Enjoyed our stay	Stayed for 3 nights over Derby weekend and got a great rate of $29 for Thurs and $59 for Fri/Sat. We’ve been here before to gamble and really liked the place. Arrived around 11pm on Thursday night and check-in was quick as no one else was in line. Got a room on the 10th floor facing Sam’s Town and the Stratosphere in the distance. Rooms are really nice and modern! Beds were comfortable and the TV had a nice selection of HD channels. The A/C worked great and was quiet. The sink area outside of the bathroom makes getting ready convenient. As one other review mentioned, there is very little hot water in the morning. The first two mornings the water was warm and the last morning is was barely warm, almost chilly. This was between 7:30-8:30am each day. There was never an issue with hot water at the sink, just in the shower. Only other comment on the room was that you can hear plumbing noises from neighboring rooms, and we could also hear muffled conversations and phones ringing. It wasn’t bothersome but it was noticeable.We had several great meals at Snap’s at very reasonable prices. We shared breakfast one day … French Toast, eggs, hashbrowns, sausage and bacon for $4.99 and there was plenty for 2. Dinners were just as good and cost around $7.50-$9.00. The buffet had not reopened yet. The casino had plenty of the popular slots, and it was easy to find a machine we wanted to play, even on a Saturday night. Overall we had a nice stay and would consider this hotel again if staying on Boulder Hwy. Hopefully they will get the hot water issue fixed!	
Mar 25 2009 	Pleasure to the senses	First we did not stay at the hotel, because we were booked into Sams Town for 4 nights, and two of those nights were free, to attend a trade show, and we did not know Eastside Cannery was open. We went over on our 3rd day to the Cannery, it has really nice looking exterior and parking area. inside was wonderful looking, has the high ceilings, nice colors. Like all new hotels everyone is super helpful. Great looking slots and tables, the Book &amp; betting area was next to a deli, serving really good deals, we had the best snack buy of our whole trip, tastey hot dogs with large homestyle french fries, lg coke for $1.99, worth the visit just for this. Deli seating over looks the book &amp; betting and you can watch TV screen paramutals. We got our members cards with cash added on with a bingo contest button. Speaking of Bingo, their bingo room is really super looking, high ceiling to handle smoking, no interior columns, great chairs(very important), the tables have side partitions which only allow 3 person to a table (well thought out), an area in the rear, with a server to get free drinks and coffee (very good coffee) the line of sight to all areas was great, very helpful bingo attendants. Every bingo player should visit this Bingo room at least once. We are scheduling our May trip to the Eastside Cannery.	
Mar 18 2009 	Wish we'd stayed longer	Only stayed one night and that wasn't long enough. The rooms are amazingly beautiful with their floor to ceiling windows with nice views. Clean and mostly quiet room, no loud neighbors, but I did hear some water running through pipes. There is confusion with the elevators, you need to use your key card in the elevator to access your floor, a few seniors we shared the elevators with were confused!?! We only ate at the deli here (the buffet was under renovation), great food and great prices (the best grilled cheese I ever ate, REALLY w/ fries and a drink $3.99). Great perks to sign up for players card ($5 slot play) and great ongoing promos (we swiped our card and got $5 free gas). We played in a slot ternament for free. Overall we very much enjoyed our stay.	
Mar 16 2009 	Outstanding Change of Pace for Boulder Highway	For the past 10 years my friends have stayed at Sam's Town when our bowling league goes there twice a year. Over the past three years we have been disappointed there due to constant remodeling, closures of favorite restaurants, and having to beg to get player rates for rooms. You would think during this economic turndown they would have bent over backwards to keep loyal guests from staying elsewhere. I finally had enough and booked a room the weekend of March 13-15 at Eastside Cannery. I am SO happy I did.First off, the hotel is brand-spanking new, having opened this last fall. The rooms are a bit larger than average and nicely decorated. The beds are very comfortable and the room has a nice size wide flat-screen TV, for those few minutes you are actually in the room. The room rate ($49 per night for Friday/Saturday) was a great value. If there was one complaint I had was that the room had a faint aroma of disinfectant when I checked in. It wasn’t noticeable for very long but surprised me a bit. Currently there are four dining options, including a steak house, Mexican cantina, 24 hour café, and a deli. A buffet is scheduled to open in the next couple of weeks but wasn’t finished the weekend I was there. Plus there is the One Six Sky Lounge, which appears to be an over-21 meat market. Set up on the 14th floor it does attract a large young adult crowd. Being 51 years old, I didn’t check it out but seemed to be very popular. As for the gambling, I would say it’s fair. Although I lost a little I got to play for hours without it sucking me dry, which is all I ask. Sam’s Town used to be that way but lately the machines have gotten extremely tight. At Eastside, you don’t feel like the casino stuck a vacuum in your wallet. It’s all I really ask for.The main entertainment that weekend was a tribute to Tom Jones by Steve McCoy. He headlined in Marilyn’s Lounge and drew a big crowd. Although McCoy himself is average at best in impersonating Tom Jones, his back up band and singers were HOT. Great band &amp; great music. I got to see them both Friday &amp; Saturday.To sum it all up, I will stay at Eastside Cannery again in a heartbeat. I’m already planning my bowling trip for next September and am also looking at possibly going back for my birthday in July. I would HIGHLY recommend Eastside Cannery, especially over anything on Boulder Highway.	
Mar 9 2009	Cannery Doesn't have Good Customer Service!	I was very disappointed when I stayed at the Eastside Cannery on March 07, 2009. A few of my friends decided to host a 'Bachelorette' party for another girlfriend who was getting married. Even in a bad economy a place like the Eastside Cannery doesn’t give good customer service. We spent two months weighing all of our options (There are a lot of Options in this town). (We realize now we should have choose the M Resorts) We decided since we had spent New Year’s Eve at One Six Lounge this year it would be fun to go back for a different type of event. As soon as we arrived and checked into the room our problems began. We had called to book our room so we had spoken to a live agent a few weeks before this night. The agent was asked if we could change our original plan of getting a suite with one bed into two conjoining rooms with four beds. (Conjoining Rooms meaning rooms that connect) At this time while the agent was on the phone she COULD OF OR SHOULD OF WARNED US THAT THE CANNERY WILL NOT SAVE WHAT YOU REQUESTED OR WHAT WAS AGREED ON WHEN PURCHASING ROOMS. So, when we arrived and went to our rooms we found out the rooms are not conjoining. When we called the front desk they explained there was NOTHING THEY COULD DO FOR US AND THAT WE WERE JUST GOING TO HAVE TO DEAL WITH IT. We were not offered any apologize or compensation for this problem. We asked to speak with a manager and Heidi was no help to my friend who spoke with her. When I called down to speak to the Manager again I was told she was on break and to call back in 30minutes. So, now they had screwed up our plans and we were supposed to let our night revolve around the STAFF. I asked the lady on the phone to find me a manager. She then put me on hold for fifteen minutes until I hung up and went down stairs to the front desk. (THEY NEVER CHECKED BACK IN FIFTEEN MINUTES TO TELL ME I CAN’T GET A HOLD OF A MANAGER, OR WE WILL HAVE ONE CALL YOU ON YOUR CELL PHONE NOTHING WAS SAID TO ME WAITING IN ANGER FOR FIFTEEN MINUTES) When I went down stairs the lady at the front desk was very unhelpful. She informed me the Manager was on break I told her find someone or call her. When they got a hold of the Manger Heidi it became apparent that she believed it was our fault we didn’t receive the room we wanted. There were no apologize, and I had to ask what they would do for us, ten dollars per night a measly twenty dollars for a huge inconvenience. Save yourself the trouble STAY SOMEWHERE WITH CLASS AND APPOLOGIZES WHEN THINGS GO WRONG!(Places I’ve stayed in Vegas with amazing customer service Encore, Wynn, M Resorts, Venetian, New York New York, MGM, and even Sam’s Town which is right next to Eastside Cannery) Oh and if you want to shower at 9:00 AM there isn’t any hot water (IF YOU LIKE HOT SHOWERS STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE!)	
Feb 13 2009 	Great Value	We found this hotel on the web and since it was new and the rooms were only 29.95, we decided to give it a try. We rented a car and decided we would commute to the strip and see Hoover dam. It turned out to be a great stay. We requested a room with a view of the strip and were surprised when we got our room and discovered our room was a corner room with two sides that contained floor to ceiling windows (it felt like we were in a penthouse suite). You want to request rooms that are listed first on the floor, ie 601,701,801 and etc for this view. The only drawback was that the walls are thin and we got stuck with a noisy family with kids next to us which woke us up every night that we were there with screaming, f-bombs, and wall banging. Unfortunately, the cheap rooms also draw in people that should be staying at the Budget Inn down the street. If it wasn't for the view, we would've requested a different room.The rooms have internet for 12.99 extra for a 24 hr period for which we used once and were billed correctly. We did not use the phone but found that the charges for use were CLEARLY spelled out in the room info booklet. Use your cell phone or a phone card at a pay phone to avoid the charges.The hotel has several restaurants and lounges. We ate at Snaps and the Express Buffet. Snaps is opened 24hrs and has great food and specials at low prices. We ended up eating at Snaps four or five times and the Express Buffet once during our stay. The hotel is currently building a new buffet restaurant where the express buffet is now. At $7.99, the express buffet was ok but will likely be better when the new one opens up. The only complaint about our dining here was that the coffee they use tasted horrible.We did most of our gambling here and enjoyed the $3 minimum craps table and $2. minimum roulette table. We didn't win big but spent hours gambling away only $100-$200. We also had fun playing bingo which many of the on-strip casinos don't offer.For the money, you couldn't beat this value and our friends and us actually enjoyed staying off strip as we only ventured in 3 times to see a show and buffet. A special thanks to Loren at the front desk for going out of her way to switch our friends to a corner view room. They also will printout boarding passes for your departing flight if you need it.	
Feb 4 2009 	Beware!!!!!!!	Beware of the hidden charges - they are outrageous! DO NOT TOUCH THE PHONE. $22.00 for a 6 mintue call to a town 200 miles away. A total of 58.41 for about 15 minutes worth for calls within Nevada - if you complain they will reduce it SOMEWHAT - still much too high - When a guest is gouged like this it doesn't matter what anything else is like - would never go again and never recommend this - it's a pathetic business practice. Every one is entitled to a reasonable profit - next eastside will be asking for a federal bailout! SHAME ON EASTSIDE!!!!!	
Jan 16 2009 	Good Experience at Eastside Cannery	I (solo trip) stayed at the Eastside Cannery on January 8, 9, and 10. The rate was just $29.95 for each night which was especially nice on a weekend. The new hotel/casino was very nice, clean, and the staff were all friendly and helpful.The room was excellent with a good view towards Sam's Town and the mountains beyond. The $2.99 steak/eggs breakfast special in the Cafe was very good (went to 9:00 a.m. )as well as the buffet in the evening.The room card is needed to operate the elevator to get to/from your room--a good sercurity feature IMO. I plan to stay here again.	
Dec 5 2008 	Great for The Price..	Booked this off-strip (way off strip) hotel for a one night stay directly with the hotel for $29.95 (standard room) which the Eastside Cannery is heavily advertising. We did arrive late (around 9:30pm during a week night) so our request for a King bed could not be honored unless we paid $100 extra for a &quot;deluxe&quot; room. The parking lot seemed kinda dead so I really doubt they were sold out of standard king rooms... A few notes...The hotel is only about a month old so everything is nice and still clean!Security seemed decent, the parking lots (no covered parking, only open lots) were patrolled by security on Segway transports. Your room key is required to reach any of the room floors from the elevator, so that keeps people away from where they don't belong!Room service is only available until 12pm, the restaurants all seemed to close early except for the coffeehouse.Even the standard room come with your own personal fridge which is handy for storing drinks and leftovers. Each floor had an ice machine.No safes in the room! The desk was decent with a couple of AC outlets available. Internet was available for an extra charge. TV is High-Definition with a great picture (several HD channels were available). The bathrooms are great with large EXTRA deep tubs, great for soaking! I believe the deluxe rooms include whirlpool tubs. I did find a roach on the toilet tank in the morning, but this is the desert and bugs are a part of life out here! The room seemed very clean otherwise!	
Nov 28 2008 	Very nice	I was looking for a hotel away from the strip and came across this one. The website said it was brand new and for a rate of $30/night I definetly wanted to give it a try. My flight arrived into Las Vegas mid morning and decided to drive right over to the hotel. I went up to the front desk and curiously asked when is the earliest I could check in. I was pleasently surprised when she said &quot;right now&quot;! It was only 10:30am so I was somewhat surprised. I was assigned a room on the 19th floor... It had floor to ceiling windows and had a great view of the mountains. The room was spotless. Other than two comortable queen size beds the room had a nice 32&quot; LCD televison, refrigerator and sitting chair. The bathroom was very roomy.The casino was like any other casino in Las Vegas. The one thing I liked however was that they had numerous &quot;lower limit&quot; ($5) blackjack tables. The beverage service was also good. The hotel also had a restaurant with outstanding brekfast specials. They advertise them as &quot;graveyard&quot; specials but yet they offered them until 9am.All in All... if you don't mind staying off the strip I highly recommend this hotel.	
