Jul 16 2009 	Nice Hotel	The Hotel is a nice hotel for the casino player. The rooms are good however We had a problem with unattended children in the next room at 0130am. when reported to the night manager she wasnt interested.	
May 29 2009 	This place is a dump	We went to Alliante which looked very nice. They were sold out, and the reservations department recommended Fiesta. Some guy who says &quot;God Bless You&quot; a lot named &quot;Miner&quot; told us the Fiesta was the nicest of all the Station Hotels. This was a big fat lie, and it was really late at night so we were tired and ready to sleep. The lady at the desk was rude and told us the water would be off for four hours. Between the bums and shady people hanging out it felt like we were in the GHETTO. The room was gross, tiny, and dirty. Not a nice place to stay at all. People say you get what you pay for, but if you go over to The Orleans the price is the same and very nice and not creepy and dirty at all. AVOID THIS PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE unless you like the GHETTO.	
Dec 20 2008 	Low Price but you Get What you Pay For	Fiesta Rancho is a hotel/casino in North Las Vegas, which is a fair distance away from the Strip. As a result, the room rates here are considerably lower than what you will find elsewhere in Vegas. Unfortunately, you pretty much get what you pay for with this place.The casino is in a rather low-rent section of the city, and the casino's parking structure is not even remotely close to the hotel. So you'll have to park your car outside in a rather iffy area, although they do have bicycle security that monitors the lots constantly.Rooms are fair at best. My heater didn't work, and I had to call somebody to repair it. The bathroom smelled moldy and unpleasant.Front desk was not very professional. Hung up on me after placing me on hold for over five minutes. Forgot to tell me basic information I needed before checking into the room. The lady who currently works at the desk has real problems speaking coherent English -- she just mumbles into the phone.Unlike other casinos, there is no breakfast buffet here, so you'll have to eat at the 24-hr Denny's if you're looking to eat before 11:00 or so. The casino itself is small and dingy compared to other local casinos. This place is an older casino, and pretty much looks it.My advice is to go the newer Texas Station casino across the street, which is ten times better than this place, and costs roughly about the same.	
Sep 1 2008 	filthy filthy filthy!!!!!	I should of taken the advice of past travelers... the hotel was old, smelly, dingy and depressing. We had a bad experience, for starters the shower floor was dirty with feet prints, the towels had rust stains, the sheets had dirt marks and their was a dead bug in our room.... stay away....	
Jul 10 2008 	they charge a seperate service fee for no service at all	they charge a seperate service fee for no service at allVery inconvenient location.hidden charges on phone calls.Front deck not helpful.Business center are not free.Food charge more than other hotels.	
Jun 14 2008 	Economic option for Vegas	Yes, this place is somewhat cheesy. The neighborhood isn’t great. Over-the-top Eighties Rock pounded regularly in the casino. The rooms are plain and somewhat tacky. And the very faint scent of cigarette smoke could be found in the linens of a non-smoking room. But the prices are hard to beat. This is a great place to crash if you’re just looking for an otherwise clean room with easy access to good food, a casino, and aren’t planning on spending a lot of time on the strip. The staff was relatively friendly at our 1:30 am check-in after arriving on a red-eye flight from Baltimore. The beds offer typical motel comfort. It seems as though the huge casino supports all other aspects of this property’s business. I'm not quite sure how they could support prices this low otherwise. Moreover, it’s hard to go anywhere in this place without walking through the casino. While there is a McDonald’s in casino, the breakfast buffet was only $5 and offered a great assortment of well-prepared options. Overall, it was a pleasant short visit.	
Jun 1 2008 	Too far from the Strip	An OK hotel. The room is somewhat Spartan but suitable. However, the hotel is far from the city's attractions. If you have a car, or if you just wish to stay there to gamble, that's OK. But a trip to the Strip in taxi costs $60 return. The room price varies greatly depending on the date, from very cheap to pretty expensive.	
Apr 16 2008	You Get What You Pay For!	This hotel is in a bad part of Vegas. I felt unsafe walking from my car to the hotel and being in the hotel late at night, there were some shady characters. The rooms are old and had bricks for walls. The restaurants stay open late which is good and there is an ice skating rink also. The hotel is near the strip and highway. But I wouldn't stay at this hotel or recommend it.	
Apr 4 2008 	Great for off strip stay	Fiesta Rancho is located in north Las Vegas close to north LV airport and off strip.If you are taking a fly drive its a great option for a good priced hotel which still offers a full casino i(f thats what you are after) at a fraction of the cost of the strip hotels, while still being close enough to drive in to see the sights at night. The rooms are simple, clean and comfortable although be aware that unless you book a non smoking room ,(smoking is still permitted in ALL casino hotels) you may end up with a room that smells of smoke. Theres a hotel buffet offering a choice of american, mexican and eastern dishes at very reasonable prices, breakfast starts at $7, dinner $12. The Bahia cafe also does a lovely breakfast to order, portions are huge, the fresh fruit platter must weigh 2lb!!!, and still around $7 or less. Serivce was prompt and food lovely.If you have children with you there are the usual burger bars and a sub -way, this casino also has a seperate area with a few kids games, but better than this a full sized ice-rink is attached to the hotel and the local ice-hockey league plays there so you can always take a game in. Theres even a small pool area, although it was closed during our stay in early season.The location makes this great if you plan to drive out of vegas and do some sight seeing without getting tied up with the heavey traffic of the strip as the main freeway is easily accessed. The area also has many shopping malls and local resturants, again at less than the cost found on the strip. While this hotel does not have the sophisitcation of the strip hotels here is entertainment availble here, and also at the Texas Station resort next door. All in all this represents great value for money on a fly drive and still gives you the freedom to drive on to the strip and browse at your leisure.	
Feb 19 2008 	depends on why you are in Vegas	I go to Vegas often for conventions, entertainment, and visiting friends, although I am not a big Vegas fan. I had a coupon with Expedia and I just needed a bed for nephews soccer tournament. I hit a snare because it was the holiday weekend and I just needed a bed, knowing I would be spending zero time at the hotel. The hotel ended up costing about 50 bucks a night for Valentines/ Presidents weekend where the other rooms in town were way over a 200-500 bucks a night so I was happy. If you want the strip forget about it. It is too far despite the other reviews. Vegas traffic is a nightmare and where would you park? If you think you can stay here for cheaper and take a taxi forget it . Taxis are expensive in Vegas 10 dollars to go 1/2 mile and this hotel is 5 miles from strip. Those 5 miles took me 20-30 minutes to drive.Any money saved by hotel eaten by taxi/gas/parking fees. If you have a car, like I did it, it was aggravating getting along in the traffic. ( and hey I grew up in Ny so that is a pretty brazen statement. Vegas is Gridlock city! and just keeps getting worse every time I go) Ok now the good. If you are looking for a cheap place to stay, but not a dump, not in hookerville/drug town with a nice casino. stay here. The staff was the best I have ever had in Vegas, and I go there a lot. I was surprised at how nice everyone I met was. The only people that did not go gushing all over me were the McDonalds workers but they were still nice too.At one point I had two people helping me at once,Impressive! The room isn' t pretty, but functional. With that said, the room is large and has comfy beds. Seemed clean. The room is so dark though, I don't get that. They need an overhead light. Even with all the lights on the room was still too dark. The building is old and you can tell by the brick walls in the room and paint job but not a bad place for a dead cheap price. The bathroom is very small. The door practically hits the toilet. Yes Vegas is noisy. It is a 24 hour city and I have stayed at luxorious hotels where I have been kept awake by party goers too. You can't escape it in Vegas if you are there for a non party reason. So I don't fault the hotel for that. Like the caption says why are you in Vegas? if it is to party and gamble stay downtown. Ny Ny has great packages and the Tropicana is usually pretty cheap too. If you are here for a convention stay at the Marriiot Suites, which is a gorgeous hotel.If you are here just for a bed and want to feel safer then the Econolodge on the north strip which is dangerous, no casino, and the same price, stay at The Fiesta!( but you need a car) I thought it was well worth the cheap price. Yes they do charge a service fee and charge for wifi but so does every other hotel in Vegas. If they say they do not they are adding it to your room rate. The Fiesta is ony 5 something a night where the other places charge much more plus they charge for the light bill too and the Fiesta does not charge for utility surcharge. ( Or if they do it is in the room price) tip- when driving here do not park in garage but take the second entrance on Rancho and park by sports book closer to the hotel check in desk. Wish I knew that first!Tip - I liked that the hotel has a secure entrance for the guests. you have to use a key to get to the hotel elevators. Nice!tip- the hotel has many eating place choices- great!tip- the hotel has looser slots then on the strip plus a good gaming card( if you gamble lots of locals here. That is always a good sign if you are a serious gambler) tip- book on Expedia cheaper then the hotels websight. Please do not pay more than 130 bucks a night for a room here. The listed price in the room is the rack rate whch claims 495 a night. There is no way this hotel is worth anything close to that. Ceaser's Palace charges less than that. I know hotels rarely charge the rack rate but in case they do for your stay, do not book it. This room is worth about 80-120 bucks a night, even in high season.Advice- being an ex hotel worker/manager I did have 2 qualms about the hotel for better service. One is, the first morning I woke up and noticed a lot of noise coming from the end of the hall by the elevator I was approaching to use.I was up very early ( 6am) and the maids were very loud. I was very surprised by that. I did not think that was very approropriate since I was probably the only person up at that hour. They were laughing and telling stories, which is ok, but way to noisy for a corrider in a place people pay money to sleep at. They were very nice and always greeted me kindly which is a plus, but if I was their boss I would have asked they to limit the noise. The second thing was when I walked by the maids to the elevators, workers were painting the elevator. This should be told to guests ahead of time in case any guests have medical conditions associated with paint fumes. I could not smell the paint outside of the small corrider the elevator was in but dont know if that is true for everyone else, especially the end rooms next to the painting. I did not even notice a sign that said they were renovating. That is not a good thing in my opinion as an ex hospitality worker.  So if you want a bed in a safe ok place stay here. If you want fancy, and are planing on a strip stay don't stay here. I was happy overall with the price and what I received in return for this trip. VIVA LAS VEGAS!A world on to itself!	
Jan 28 2008 	Not as bad as the reviews I had read	I needed to be in Las Vegas for my neice's soccer tournament Jan 25 - 27 - which was in the Northwest area of town, so I went on HOTWIRE and saw a $49 listing and took it. It turned out to be Rancho Fiesta.I came to Trip Advisor and read the reviews and almost wanted to cry.I got in to the Casino/Hotel about 2 pm. The check-in lady was very nice. I verified that I was going to get a non-smoking room and was told &quot;Yes&quot;.I got to my room on the 2nd floor and was SURPRISED at how nice and clean it actually was and for the most part smoke free.The room looked like a typical 2* hotel, but was VERY CLEAN. Some people had complained about noice - but I didn't hear much beyond the neighboring shower running.Since I wasn't there to gamble - I only made a quick run through the casino part and saw that there were many opportunities for food including a buffet. I opted for the Subway which is located just next to the Ice Skating rink.There is also a brand new Super Walmart located right behind the hotel if you need to pick anything up.Overall - I was pleasantly surprised with the hotel. Would I have liked to have gotten the La Quinta instead - Of course I would have - but this was nice enough for the $49 a night rate on a weekend stay.	
Nov 20 2007	Had a great time in the casino ...	The dealers and the Slot Club people were wonderful. We loved our Roulette dealer. She seemed to be thrilled when we hit a number. We ended up winning $30 after playing for a long time. Drink service was quick. Loose slots, too.	
Jan 25 2007 	Don't go here	Landed up coming into L.V. late on a Sat afternoon w/o a reservation. We knew better, but had no choice. The place is a dump. The staff at the desk was rude. In addition to a terrible room they add on for having a telephone in the room. What a rip. No wi-fi. The casino had a rather very low life clientele.Texas Station restaurant is the only saving grace across the parking lot.Rooms are small and 60's decor and not by design.	
Aug 4 2005	Terrible Stay at the Fiesta	We stayed at the Fiesta for 3 nights recently. The pictures of their rooms shown on their website are totally misrepresentative of what the rooms really look like. Those pictures must have been taken at a classier hotel, definitely not at the Fiesta. The entire hotel is dingy and smelly. Rooms are small, dark and have a horrendous color scheme. Beds are uncomfortable. There was mold on the shower curtain. Staff was incredibly rude except for one security guard and a couple of the ladies on the housekeeping staff who were very friendly. Saturday and Sunday night rates are way overpriced for what you get. Also, Sunday night seems to be &quot;riff-raff&quot; night at the casino. Not a pleasant experience and will never stay there again.	
Jul 27 2005	Hated it!!	Last week we spent one night at the Fiesta Rancho Casino and Hotel. Boy were the Attendants at the check-in desk rude! The rooms were small even with two full size beds! The mattresses are covered with plastic wrap so that every time you turn in bed you wake up because the noise it makes is just too loud. Navigating the hallways and the casino itself was very confusing because the walls of the casino are mirrored to give the illusion that the casino is much bigger than it really is and you have to go through a security door to get to the main room tower. All in all not a very relaxing night which is what I thought it would turn out to be away from the strip.	
Jun 22 2005	For polite service go elsewhere	My family and I stayed at this local hotel because we have family nearby. We were surprised by rude and inattentive staff who acted as if they could care less whether we were there or not. The hall and elevator carpets are worn and stained and badly in need of a vacuuming. The elevator doors were old and heavy and shut hard on my husband's back when he entered w/his suitcare. The room was unimpressive and small. We called a posted number to complain about two staff members who were particularly rude and abrupt when we asked questions and were told we would be contacted by management but this never happened. You will likely get much better SERVICE elsewhere in Vegas. For a town committed to tourism and service this place was a nightmare. Spend a little more and stay on the strip where your business is valued and appreciated. Avoid this place! DH - Wichita, KS	
Mar 18 2005	large casino good pit boss comps	came to play in a Ice Hockey tourneyment. The place is nice and spacious. The Craps Pit Boss (Bill) was great, and as soon as I tipped the waitress a Red Chip ($5) she came every 5 minutes!The dealers were slow, but ok. The buffet comp is easy to score, and has avg food. The 10x odds on craps was nice.If you are looking to stay somewhere away from all the action, this is a good value. Large Texas station casino next door has more resturants.Just ask pit boss for some food there....	
Jan 19 2005	It's okay if you don't mind not staying on the Strip	The Fiesta seems to have some cool things about it like an ice skating rink, karaoke performances, and what looks to be a good Mexican restaurant along with a buffet. Plus, it's next to the Texas Station, which has a movie theater, arcade, and even more restaurants. Our room was comfortable, but the selection of TV channels was quite limited. Also, the outdoor pool is small and quite undeveloped, and it seems like hotel guests don't get any special perks for staying at the Fiesta. That was disappointing. Perhaps most troubling of all though is the distance between the Fiesta and the Las Vegas Strip; it's like 10 miles or so. Besides this establishment and the Texas Station, there isn't too much to do in the immediate area. If you want to be close to the action of the Strip, then I don't recommend this place; otherwise, it is an okay deal for the price, I think.	
