Oct 2 2009 	not bad at all	I read a lot of reviews before I went and thought it would be a aweful night staying there, but in fact, it's great. Of course, you can't compare with those 4 or 5 stars hotels in Vegas, but $30 per night in August including tax is a great deal. Staffs were nice, lobby was clean, the room we stayed was a little bit old and dark though. However, it's right next to a outlet. With such cheap price, i will definitely visit again.	
Aug 10 2009 	Was prepared for disaster	After reading many terrible reviews I expected a real dump. However, that wasn't the case. Even though in need of a remodel, hotel was decent. Room was clean, staff was nice. Just wish the buffet stayed open a little longer.	
Jul 21 2009 	Its okay for the middle of the desert!	The room was clean and served its purpose. Definately no frills kind of place. Not very plush and the Casino was kind of dull. The roller coasters are the coolest feature.	
Jul 1 2009 	Sleep in your car	This place was the worst of any hotel I've ever been in. From the surly woman at the registration desk who denied having a non-smoking king reserved for us, (until we showed it to her) then put us into a room with two queens, to the overwhelmingly bad smell of the casino, plus the indifference of nearly every staff person we had encounters with, this place was horrible. We left and did NOT spend the night. My advice: sleep in your car or finish the drive to Vegas. We went for a concert thinking this would be a nice break. What a nightmare.	
Mar 5 2009 	Bargain Room Rate	After a trip to Death Valley we stayed at the Primm Valley Casino, which is actually at the State Line and not in Las Vegas. . I was pleasantly surprised that I could book a room for a Friday night on 2 days notice for $28 including tax. But the, considering the current economy maybe that's not such a big deal. Still, the casino was very busy, the staff friendly and the gaming was fun - you could play with the slots and keno machines for quite a while and not lose your money all at once. The rooms were clean but we had an extremely long hike to get to ours, had to walk down two extremely long hallways, sort of like a huge horse shoe - not conveniently laid out by any means. Farthest I've ever had to walk in any casino hotel. Next time we go, if we go, I will know to ask for something closer to the casino. The one bad element of the stay was that the rooms are far from sound proof. We had a family next to us with screaming kids. Not only did they scream in the hallway but we could hear lots of scampering around and slamming doors, possibly the bathroom door, through our room wall. Then to top it off, there had to be some heavyweight above us as the ceiling continually creaked as he or she trudged about.Next time I will request a room on the top floor and much closer to the casino. Also, I think places like this should provide FREE wireless internet. God knows they make enough money to afford it. Most people like me will just skip the pay service or go find a Starbucks somewhere.	
