	broken elevators were the least of our concerns	We booked the Fitz because it was close to the Fremont Experience and had a breakfast deal. However, we had no idea what a mess the place was. Thankfully we have a VW beetle, otherwise, I'm not sure we would have fit in the covered parking. The turns were really tight! We finally found a spot on the 8th floor, only to discover that the elevators were broken and we had to trudge all of our stuff down all those stairs. The reception staff was less than apologetic. They never even said sorry. We booked a non-smoking room, but when we arrived, they only had smoking left. Again, no apologies. Once we were in the room, our first impression was better than the second. The music from Fremont street was so loud in the room! And that continued until midnight. But our second impression was much worse than that. A trip to the bathroom led to horror! The sink was full of vomit!!!! We immediately called housekeeping and then started calling around for another room in a different hotel, but it was too late by that time. We were stuck in the Fitz! An hour of terrible sounds later, the vomit was gone and we were left to sleep in the very uncomfortable beds. The next morning, it took almost 45 minutes waiting in line to get our &quot;free breakfast&quot; which cost $12 for drinks and tip. Also the pool, which is a postage stamp on the corner next to traffic, was FREEZING!! Never again!!	
Nov 24 2009 	Not awful but a hard place to recommend	I booked a super cheap rate months ago at hotels.com and thought about changing to a better hotel many times as the date of our trip approached. In the end I stuck with my Fitzgeralds reservation with the thought that the money saved would be used for food and games. Now home after 4 nights in LV, I'm having a hard time deciding if I can recommend the Fitz even for the low, low nightly rate. Our room was on a floor that had been remodeled recently. Well, the halls had been remodeled and looked very nice. Seeing that, I was really optimistic about the place until I opened the door to our room. Our guest room had 2 double beds, an armoire, dresser and a nightstand. The &quot;wooden&quot; furniture looked a little like the kind of thing you buy at Target and put together. Not bad, but fairly cheap looking. The beds were on the low end of acceptability. The TV had a decent selection of channels and good picture. The bathtub faucet leaked continuously and looked a little worn. The A/C worked fine but was a little loud. The overall effect of the room was one of advancing age and wear. One of my biggest concerns was the elevators. I had heard of a history of long delays waiting for an elevator and how this was now less of a problem since some of the elevators had been replaced, I'm sorry to say that it is still a problem when the hotel gets busy. Sunday morning I waited 15 minutes for a down elevator before giving up and taking an up elevator and riding back down. That is really unacceptable. I did not eat in the Fitz but ate at the Four Queens and Fremont which are steps away from the Fitz,Everyone I met at the Fitz who talked about the condition of the hotel said something like &quot;well, for the money it's okay.&quot; Personally, if I had it to do over again I'd spend another $10 -15 a night for the Fremont of 4 Queens. For that I'd get a better bed, elevators that worked and in hotel restaurants that I am willing to eat in. The best part of the Fitz was the valet service. It was exceptional and very friendly.	
Nov 19 2009 	Third Time and Still a Charm	This is our third stay at Fitzgeralds in just over a year and again I have not experienced any of the negatives that some of the reviewers write about. Stayed 4 nights and everything was fantastic. The room was clean and ready for us at check in. The staff in all areas from bar/wait to slot/pit was the friendliest we came across in the entire downtown district. Hats off to Fitzgeralds, you gave us another great get away.	
Nov 14 2009 	Excellent service accommodating Frontdesk great location most affordable	Excellent service, accommodating Frontdesk, great location, most affordable	
Nov 5 2009 	Great location and value in downtown Las Vegas	Fitzgeralds offers a great location (center of Freemont Street) and value in downtown Las Vegas. The room was clean and the hotel in general was clean. The on-site restaraunt was another great value! On-site free parking was average.	
Oct 30 2009 	Bring your own Lysol...	The location is awesome... right on Freemont experience. The casino actually has good action. 6 deck BJ with a big rail for spectators, roullette and a decent poker room (but there are way better in downtown). They do smoke there... so that's the first clue of the cleanliness factor. I've been here twice (the first was obviously better) and each time there were questions from our group about the shower, toilet, TV and overall cleanliness of the room... Non smoking means, well, you didn't smoke there. The staff was more than quick to tell us about comps which is good, but all but unresponsive when you ask for basic things like towels, let alone a leaky faucet. There was one reeeeaally bright spot... the breakfast buffet is solid and you can probably get it comped with 2 hours at a floor table. Another push is the price... but the value is strained. We paid $89 a night with free transportation to and from the airport. If these things are things you don't mind, have at it... but don't have any expectations about this being big time vegas...	
Oct 25 2009	Fleas fleas and more fleas oh my	I have been to Vegas a bunch of times I usually stay at the Queens. This time I went to Vegas with my sister Oct 17th threw the 21st. The first three nights my sister complained of being itchy and she had all these red bites all over her legs.That night she saw fleas. The next morning I was on the phone with my husband and two jumped on my sock that was it. Her legs had bites all over them. We went down to get another room and they sent us to the security guard to file a complaint. This guy was a complete moron. He took pictures of my sisters legs and asked the stupidest questions. I could tell by the way he was talking to us he didbn't believe us and thought we were making it up. If you saw my sisters legs you would understand how bad they were.We had to fill out this complaint you would of thought it was a police investiagtion. He wanted to come to our room to do an inspection. He rips all the bedding off and I told him by doing that you just threw them all over the room. The guy is an idiot and the hotel is a dump..But if by chance you do go there be weary of the wanna be cop with the bad acne and bad hair to go with it.	
Oct 14 2009 	What Was I Thinking!!!	My girlfriends and I just got back from Vegas, we had a great time on freemont street, EXCEPT for staying at Fitzgeralds. I have been reading the reviews and they didn't sound too bad, but from the moment I walked through the doors I knew I had made a very bad mistake. The first thing to greet me was the smell, it is one I will remember for a long time (and it was not good) second the check-in system was down, took them 1 hour to get it back up and running. The girl at the counter was very rude, she didn't even ask if we would like to store our luggage while we waited (you can not have any luggage on the gambling floor). Next we were supposed to have rooms together, but they were not even on the same floor in fact the were 15 floors apart. Next Fitz is doing some remodeling and the elevators were not working properly, we waited 20 min for the elevator to stop on the 15th floor, before finally taking the stairs down. Then when we checked out we had to ride the elevator up to the top and back down in order not to have to carry our luggage down those same stairs. The towles were grey (once white), there was at least a inch of dust behind the bathroom door on the trim, carpet was stained and ripped, shower dripped, wall paper was tore is several places. Room also had the same funky smell. We couldn't get another room because they were all booked. The casino floor made you want to take a shower after playing in it. In fact in the bathroom that is exactly what a call girl was doing, washing herself off in the sink, only thing she had on was her earring and bra. (just what I needed to see at 3:30 in the morning) cleaning parts that she used for service. While the rest of freemont street was alot of fun, and we didn't let this ruin our time, I WOULD NEVER STAY AT FITZGERALDS AGAIN EVEN IF IT WERE FREE!!Next time its the golden nugget, which we checked out in detail! VERY NICE	
Oct 8 2009 	Comfortable and a great value!	We stayed at the Fitzgerald during the Las Vegas Bikefest Weekend. Our room was clean and comfortable, and the hotel staff was courteous. The best food value was the &quot;all you can eat&quot; Soup &amp; Salad bar for $5.99 per person. It included a drink and dessert. The only disappointment was the elevator situation. They are upgrading them and the elevators are very slow or fill up too quickly (10 people max). However, we would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 7 2009 	bargain stay in a very comfortable place	just got home from spending two nights at the fitz. was very happy with everything, nice large clean room, comfortable beds and helpful staff. hesitated staying due to some of the reviews i had read, apparently many of these people are looking for luxury hotels at bargain prices. for rates in the low $30 range i'll definitely be back. the staff was nice and helpful. i never had any problems with the elevators as some people must have had in the past. great food specials and quality in the coffee shop. the only thing is the parking garage may be a bit narrower than some of the newer ones, but it's free, or you van valet park.	
Oct 4 2009	Best value and fantastic staff	We are always treated like we are celebrities at the Fitz. They are the BEST value for the money. Don B's steakhouse is excellent. The early bird special is the best value for the money.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great Location  Great Value	We had read other reviews prior to staying here and some were negative but I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel for above average service , friendliness , cleanliness , value , location , swimming pool , we stayed on the 33 rd floor and had no trouble getting an elevator at anytime of day or night , front desk check in and check out was quick and easy , the location right outside the door to the Freemont experience is fantastic , you can also sit in the 2 nd floor bar outside and watch the action and the show . We will definetely stay here agasin on our next visit to &quot; Lost Wages &quot;	
Sep 23 2009 	Still a good deal	Back in the 90s, this place was in its prime, but now its getting a little older. A little advice though, this place got pretty packed, and if you are on the 22nd floor like I was (or even higher for that matter) the elevator ride / wait can be like 5 minutes.The only things I need in Vegas are a parking structure, bed, AC, bathroom, and TV. The Fitz provided those for a discount price.	
Sep 21 2009 	Great Time	This was our fourth stay at the Fitz. And once again our stay was great. The rooms are dated but clean and spacious. The elevators are a little slow,but it is a 38 story hotel so you have to expect a short wait. Having been there before, they have updated the elevators in the last 2 years. Check in was quick and helpful. Valet parking was easy and prompt. We ate in the Grill/buffet for several of our meals and it was great. Can,t beat the breakfast price. Our rooms were compted, so I can not speak for pricer rooms downtown. But if you want a good location and comfortable room downtown the Fitz has it all.	
Sep 3 2009 	if u don't want to spend a fortune	The room was clean and normal size. The staff at the reception are not so nice. Our toilet broke, we couldn't flush it. It was pretty bad in the morning. But at least a guy came pretty fast and fixed it. There was no breakfast included, at least they said so.	
Sep 2 2009 	no problems	this is our ninth or so stay at the fitz,, and everything went just fine,, sure the rooms are a bit worn but who spends time in them in vegas. No issues with the elevators at all. Will return to the ftiz again. Great Trip	
Aug 25 2009 	Decent nothing above that	Stayed there 3 nights earlier this month, Sunday-Weds. Have stayed there before so I knew what to expect, and not much has changed. Check in was painless, room average as usual with a hard bed and old bathroom- both need upgrading. Did not have elevator issues but one of the four was out of order, might have been an issue during a busy weekend.One thing I disliked- on the second floor by the restaurant they have a whole wall dedicated to Obama. I prefer businesses/owners who keep their political beliefs to themself!	
Aug 23 2009 	Won't go back until they fix the elevators	I have been going to the Fitz at least twice a year for the past five years. I went for the SuperBowl Party in February and fought the elevators all weekend. When we went for March Madness we stayed at South Point because I had called and was told the elevators were still a problem.This time they told me that three of four elevators were new and working fine. Boy, was that a mistake. Sometimes you can find yourself waiting 15 minutes for an elevator. I can't tell you the times that the elevator door would open and it would be jam packed. I refuse to go back until they can solve this problem.Love the Fitz and they treat me fantastic (Emerald Card Holder) but they have to address the problem now!	
Aug 17 2009 	Great Stay No complaints!	First let me apologize for the delay in posting my review. This review was from a trip that i took at the end of may. I've been going to Vegas for the past 4 years, I find that Vegas is still the most affordable place to take vacation. The entire package was just under $800 for three people, including round trip airfare, and 4 nights in the hotel. We stayed at the fitzgeralds, this is my second time staying there. The first trip was with my dad, and we a had wonderful time as well, so good that i booked this trip at the same hotel. The Fitzgeralds is an older hotel, as many of the downtown hotels are. The room quality is good, a little worn around the edges but not dirty. I've read many complaints about the elevators, there are signs posted stating that they are in the process of upgrading their elevators. We personally weren't affected by long wait times, or over crowding of the elevator cars. We stayed on the 17th floor, and never had to wait over 3 minutes for an elevator. The staff we encountered were all very friendly, polite and helpful. The only place we ate at the fitz was the McDonalds located next to the casino. The prices there were the same as home, and they had the dollar menu. We avoided the Fitz buffet because of the poor reviews, the Main Street Station and Fremont have very nice buffets. The room was very adequate for our needs, and served it's purpose well, we were never back to our room before midnight so noise from the Fremont experience wasn't an issue. The view wasn't spectacular, but did look out to the mountains, which was nice. The curtains are the very thick &quot;Black-Out&quot; type which is great when you end up getting in around sun-rise and need to power nap before hitting the town again :-D My overall experience with the Fitzgeralds was great, The only minor thing was the narrow paths in the parking garage, very little room to move if another car was coming, and the winding up to the 6th floor was a little dizzying, but then again it's a small garage, for a small hotel. They do have a pool, however we didn't make use of it, but did see it, it's not in the nicest location. The pool is right next to the rear access road, and is surrounded by 7foot tall concrete walls, looks like a pool cell more than a pool area, and the pool was a simple square shape, but the water was clean and blue so that's a good thing :-)	
Aug 10 2009 	Do NoT StaY HeRe	i booked a reservation in advance for my husband and 2 co-workers and when they showed up at 2am after a 5 hour drive, staff told them that the reservation was NoT on file. Even after my husband showed them the receipt of a sucessful transaction, they still would not honor it! they even had the nerve to offer a new reservation at a higher rate!! they ended up sleeping in the truck since they had to be at work within a few hours. here's the WoRsT part... the next morning when i called to speak with the front desk's manager, i told her the situation and the long story she didn't even apologize for the HUGE inconveinience!! WoRsT SeRviCe EveR!!	
Aug 4 2009 	Good Service but Hotel getting tired	We've stayed at the Fitz 7 or 8 times now. The thing that keeps us coming back is the service of the staff in this hotel/casino. Almost without exception we have been treated very well. The rooms are plain but clean, the air conditioning always works.... almost too much!!!, and we've never had a problem with water pressure or temperature.The CourtYard cafe has improved, both in its service and menu.There are some down sides though. They only have four elevators, and it seems that they've been replacing them for two years. There is never more than three operating, so in the morning its quite a wait. We now tend to book low floors so can take the stairs.Keeping in mind that we were there in July, some pool time would be good. Unfortunately the pool only had five lounge chairs, and one of them was broken. They had a dozen or so plastic cheap patio chairs, the type you can buy for $5.00 anywhere. This seems to be poor.All in all given the place getting more and more tired, even with the great service we might think of going elsewhere next time.	
Aug 2 2009 	Everything is convenient at the Fitz	My wife and I stayed at the Fitz last week July 26 -31. Check in was quick with no wait around 10:00PM. There was a flyer on the counter about the elevators being upgraded. but we encountered not one problem with them. At most we waited maybe 2 minutes. We were staing on the 17th floor. Breakfast came with our US Air package they give you your coupons at checkin. Breakfast was served extremely fast and consisted of bacon or sausage, eggs, homefries and toast and coffee.  We used the pool after breakfast before it became too hot and noone was hardly ever there. We had the pool to ourselves and it was clean. It was kinda weird though walking outside the hotel past the valet parking entrance to get top the pool, but it was nice and not crowded.As far as the gambling goes I played a little BJ...nothing to heavy and walked away a small winner. Fremont St. was nice and don't miss Carl Ferris the sax player.If you're not trying to impress your girlfriend or have been married as long as I and can't impress the wife the Fitz should meet your needs. I liked the fact that everything was close and the layout was easy to figure out....not like some of the bigger hotels on the strip.Access the self-parking garage off 3rd and Carson....small sign says Fitz parking. If self parking wind up past the 6th floor. Although I didn't park across from the swimming pool behind Walgreen's I did see people parking there and it would be easier then winding uparound the Fitz garage.Overall it was decent. Just don't expect a JW Marrriott !	
Jul 24 2009 	Slow wobbly elevators	I have been reading recent reviews of this hotel and, in most, it seems the staff at Fitz has been telling customers that the elevators were being upgraded. We stayed at the Fitz last Aug. 2008 and the elevators were supposedly being upgraded at that time. We had to wait a long time everytime we went to and from our rooms. The elevators jerked, wobbled and bounced. We took a risk each time we got on one because at times they seemed to free fall and then stop with a sudden jerk. They were scary. The rooms weren't the best but I don't go to Vegas to stay in my room. For the most part they were clean but worn and outdated. The beds were not that comfortable but the staff was overall friendly. Did not eat at their restaurants due to past experience with them...food wasn't very good. The hotel is a good bargain if you don't mind Motel 6 quality. We would stay there again if and when the elevators are really &quot;upgraded&quot;. Would not recommend the hotel to anyone until the elevators are fixed.	
Jul 21 2009 	fitz is gem among many stones.	view was great from room bed good only one flaw sour shower curtain.	
Jul 20 2009 	It was amazing!	My fiancee' and I decided to try the Fremont street experience. We stayed at Fitzgerald's. It was the most pleasant experience we have had in Las Vegas. From the time we pulled up to the casino until the time we left we were never dissapointed. The staff was very friendly and courteous (except for the one blackjack pit boss who was probably having a bad day) We are coming back in Dec. for Christmas and bringing some friends. I'm hoping we have the same great experience.	
Jul 18 2009 	The experience was better than previous reviews had indicated.	The hotel is in the process of upgrading--surprising in this economy. It is clean and pretty well maintained. For those who like the Downtown Exdperience, it is GREAT. If you are a &quot;Strip&quot; person, you would probably be happier staying on the strip. The food at the Courtyard Grill and Buffet was very good, and it was reasonably priced. It did take a little while to be seated, but once at a table, the food was delivered very quickly.I appreaciated the small safe in the room that I could use without involving the hotel personnel. We were there during a heat wave, and I was pleased that the room stayed cool. I have stayed in other downtown hotels that did not have good air conditioning. It will be a pleasure to return next summer.Probably my only complaint would be the parking garage--it was a little tight.	
Jul 14 2009 	Budget hotel with surprises	Initially, the hotel looks old to me and I did research and knew that it's a 2 star hotel, but because I got a deal for CAD 69 tax incl for two week nights so I gave it a try, and it turns out to be a positive result.The room is larger that I thought (bigger than Imperial Palace deluxe room and 4 Queen's), it's clean and it has good view.Staffs are nice and helpful.Make sure you sign up the players club and you will get souvenior!!	
Jun 30 2009 	Fine Room For Short Stay	My room was on the 27th floor where it was quiet. It was a budget room with a million dollar view. Internet speed was good, tv service was basic and the room was clean. Nothing really stood out during my stay except the view from my room. Thus, my room was a good value in a middle of the road sort of way.	
Jun 29 2009 	Fitzgerald's - A good value for downtown Vegas	We spent 3 nights at Fitzgerald's by booking a hotel/airfare combo with Allegiant. We had visited the casino on previous trips but this was our first stay at Fitzgerald's. We love staying in downtown Vegas. Everything is in close proximity and you don't have to walk a mile (literally) to get to another casino. Although seemingly minor, our main complaint was that during our stay the elevator service was incredibly slow. A few times we waited 5-10 minutes. Had we not been on the 12th floor, we'd have walked it. It appears that the &quot;elevator renovation&quot; has been an ongoing problem for many months, according to other guests we talked to. Our room was comfortable and clean. The bed is a bit hard, but a softer mattress is my preference. The bathroom was big enough and the shower was always hot with strong water pressure. The in-room coffee maker was nice. I'd wake up earlier than my husband, and have a cup before we went downstairs to the McDonald's to have an excellent cup of coffee. The air conditioner was noisy, and the compressor kicking on and off would wake me sometimes. Maid service was prompt and friendly. (Make sure you hang up the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; tag if you don't want early service.) The staff, from the desk to the casino employees, were mostly helpful and friendly; although I'd like to have seen a few more smiles. We rented a car and guest parking begins on the 6th floor and goes up. The garage is short, so it seems like you go 'round and 'round for a very long time to find a space. We didn't go to the hotel restaurant &quot;Don B's&quot; because the prices were expensive and a decent buffet can be found downtown for much less. We did have lunch at Fitzgerald's Courtyard Buffet and at $5.99 it was an excellent value. They have a soup, salad and baked potato buffet lunch special that was delicious. The clam chowder was the finest we have tasted. The food was well presented and the waitress was attentive and friendly. Three desserts were included. The casino seemed to keep busy. I play a few slots, but don't spend a lot of time on them. My husband played $3 Blackjack and said he really enjoyed the dealers. Vegas has reduced many of the minimums on the tables. Although we have heard the tourism business there is hurting we couldn't tell because Fremont street was, as usual, busy and fun. Overall, I would stay at Fitzgerald's again but I would make sure the elevators are repaired. The lobby in front of the elevators was often crowded as people waited; and it wasn't fun being cramped in there with (maximum load 10) 12-15 other guests who were not happy. It keeps you from just &quot;popping&quot; up to your room whenever you want to. Fitzgerald's, as an older downtown hotel, is a bargain. It's a bit shopworn, but it's clean and a good value. I would recommend you give it a try (when the elevators are fixed).	
Jun 14 2009 	Satisfying and pleasant weekend stay!	Stayed at the Fitz June 6-8th. Asked for a larger room with a view specifically a corner view room with the large windows. Was told that we could get one but would have to wait til 3p because there was not any available. No biggie, we headed over for breakfast and did some gambling and arrived back at 12:45 just to check early. Ya never know! We got our room keys and were headed up to room # 3424. Top floor of the building and the room was much to my suprise very nice! Loved the large windows and so did my husband! Bathroom was decent size and clean, no complaints there. Not overally huge but it worked just fine for our needs. And we even had a coffee maker. This is the 1st hotel we have ever stayed at in Vegas that has had a coffee maker. . . we never used it however but it was a nice gesture. Bed was comfortable enough, rested well. Breakfast on 2nd floor for $1.99 and that was very good! The best buffet that we ate at was at Main Street Station! Awesome price! Awesome food and selection.Only downfall was the carpet in our room was not vacuumed very well. It wasn't the cleanest upon arrival but was taken care of later. The elevators sometimes were on the slower side but really not slow enough to truly complain about. Maybe had to wait no more than 5 min or so at times other times we got right on an elevator! The Hotel itself was smokier than I prefer but our room however was not at all and beig I didn't spend tons of time in the casino I wasn't too concerned about the ventilation system. It's to be expected when these are older hotels.Didn't have any luck in the casino area nor did we anywhere else either but then again I don't go to Vegas to get rich!Overall was very impressed and would stay again. Great customer service!!Would not recommend Bell Trans for shuttle . . . over 45 min late for a 2pm pick up and we had been waiting since 1:45. When I called at 2:15 they informed me the driver had already drove by the pick up area which was an outright lie and when we did get picked up they picked up at the wrong location. We were told out front at Registration in front of the shuttle pick up sign and they picked up on the west side of the building. Very disatisfied with Bell Trans! Would never use them again for service!- - -That was not the hotel's fault but just wanted to add that for anyone use shuttle transportation.- - - - -	
Jun 7 2009 	Ok hotel good location and slots	My husband and I stayed at the Fitz at the end of May. We wanted to stay downtown this time around. 1st the bad:-Elevators are slow. Though normally not more than a 5 minute wait, the last day we waited 20 minutes as we tried to check out. -Service not so great. Barely saw the cocktail waitresses, check-in nearly refused to check us in. We were not told by hotel or travel agent that a deposit is required. We had arrived the night before we got paid (direct deposit) and only had limited cash on us. Wanted a $50 credit card (we only brought debit card) or $100 cash. We offered to give it to them the next day, and was told they couldn't. Luckily they allowed $20 cash.-Unclean. Not to the point of fearing bugs, but tub was slow to drain, and 2 days in to trip saw it was because a sticker in drain. Easy to grab (but I wasn't going to put my hand down there) but not caught by housekeeping for who knows how long. Feet were black after walking across the floor. Gave tip each day and asked for extra towels the first. The next day towels were gone. Apparently have to ask for them each and every day.The good:Courtyard Cafe - and their staff. Friendly, and the Sliders were excellent! Ate dinner/the Sliders the first night, went back the next night just for the sliders, and went back for breakfast our last day. The slots were fairly loose. We didn't hit it big (though 2 or 3 people did in the 3 day span), but won enough to keep us playing. We were able to play quite a while on $20. The location was great. The Deuce dropped off people right by Fitzgeralds, and only had to walk a block to catch bus to Strip. Walgreens right across the road, so we got water, etc there when we wanted it. Overall, a decent place to play and visit, but I don't recommend staying there. We do plan on returning to Vegas, and we do plan on staying on Fremont again, but we will probably pick another hotel.	
Jun 2 2009 	another good visit	Spent a full week at the Fitz in May and had a great room and wonderful service. I will admit that the elevators slowed down over Memorial Day weekend but hundreds of guests arrived and I expected that would happen.Valet parking is a breeze and the guys are wonderful.The buffet no longer exists -- small restaurant took its place. It had breakfast and dinner specials that were very reasonable.Internet in room costs extra but I knew that in advance and it worked perfectly.Hope I can get back to Las Vegas again this year and stay once more at the Fitz!	
Apr 22 2009 	Disappoined with the overall experience.	I just left (last night) the hotel - everything about this visit was very poor. 1) The pool area was dirty, when you walked on the cement the bottom of your feet were &quot;black&quot;, the water was so cold you couldn't even put your feet in it. The hot tub was dirty and very unclean.2) the staff were very rude many times during my stay. 3) the food in the restaurant was COLD every breakfast and service was very poor, and the waitstaff were so rude at times, it was like no one cared what happened 4) the elevator wait at times was 45 minutes to get from your room to any other floor. I have stayed at the hotel about 4 times, and this will be my last visit. I will not spend my money at a place that is so poorly run - with poor service, food, pool area! You are cheating people out of their money.	
Apr 22 2009 	I liked it..........	First time we stayed here at the fritz, clean rooms, no problems with the service, people where friendly. The country western show was OK. Still working on the elevators, but no long waits as some people said that they had, we where there for six days. Will stay there again.	
Apr 12 2009 	No Problems at All with our one night stay.	My friend and I were staying Downtown and needed a hotel to stay in just for Saturday night. Check-in was quick and the clerk was pleasant. We checked in around 10pm and ended up with a room on the 28th floor. We booked our room on Hotels.com and this was the cheapest option for a weekend night.Our room was a non-smoking 2-bed room. It was a decent size and we didn't run into any problems. The water pressure in the shower could have been better, but other than that, it was fine. The Fitz provides a hair dryer and coffee maker in the bathroom and an ironing board, iron and safe in the closet.	
Mar 29 2009 	No Hot Water	I have made three trips to Vegas in the last year.Stayed at the Fritz from 23 March to 28th March. No hot water for 3 out of five days, complained for 3 days and did no good. Several people check out earlier, because of cold or just warm water. The elevator's where slow and even had to ride freight elevator twice. The maid service was fantastic and room clean. They have changed meat supplier and chef at the FRITZ since my first trip (according to waitress) the food at Court Yard is terrible and expensive. and slow service.The people are nice and friendly , but will not stay there again.	
Mar 28 2009 	Had a great view!	I stayed at Fitzgerald's for four nights in February, 2009 for an average of $30 per night. Weekends would have been $49 tops I think. I used the $20 bill trick and actually did get a room with a nice view (3348 I think.) The view rooms are basically corner rooms, and have a &quot;wrap around&quot; window. One view from my room faced the Stratosphere Tower, the other faced West. The room itself was older Motel 6 fair, but was fairly clean. Bedspreads looked and felt very used. There was a small in-room safe for guests, which I used. It was free. Maids were pretty good about keeping people out while they were cleaning the room. i.e. you couldn't just walk into a room unless they KNEW it was your room. A good thing at this hotel, as a few of the guests are a little seedy due to the low prices. I also met LOTS of nice people here during my four-night stay however, so the undesirables are probably the minority. Most people I met staying there seemed to be middle-aged. Got a player's card, which is only good at Fitzgerald's Las Vegas I believe. I played craps and some blackjack at the casino. Craps was $5 minimum and 3X4X5X odds. They went up to $10 minimum at times, but you could always stay at $5 if you bought in before they raised the limit. Nice dealers for the most part. Preferred to play my craps at Binion's however, though they had the same minimums. Another thing I liked about this hotel is the fact that the walk to the rooms isn't too terribly long from the elevator. This is because the hotel is really not that big, though it is one of the tallest (if not the tallest) hotel downtown. I was at the opposite end of the hotel from the elevator and it was a walk, but not nearly as bad as some larger hotels. The hotel is located on one end of the Freemont Street Experience (the south end I believe.) I liked this fact as it was also close to a Walgreens and a couple of gift shops where you could buy your bottled water, sodas etc. The &quot;Deuce Bus&quot; also stops just up the street on Las Vegas Blvd. They'll ding you about $13 per day for Internet, though they do have it. They also had a business center near the lobby, though I didn't use that. Overall I enjoyed my stay there. The price was right and you get what you pay for, but for those on a budget it's a great value and much better than some of the other &quot;cheapies&quot; downtown. I'd recommend the Fitz over the Plaza, Las Vegas Club etc.If you want a &quot;nice&quot; place to stay downtown, try the Golden Nugget's north tower. Usually the GN is about $100/night for north tower rooms, but sometimes they are just $79 per night. Have fun!	
Mar 23 2009 	Excuses...excuses	We flew into LV for the Men's National Bowling Tournament. The Fitz is about 1.5 miles from the bowling facility and seemed a good choice. We had stayed about 4 years ago and while it didn't set the world on fire then we thought it would be ok....boy were we wrong.The carpets in the casino are dirty. You notice this if you lift up the seats at some of the slot machines and see what the carpet used to look like. There are only 4 elevators to service the 34 floors and 600+ rooms. They are so slow that one routinely waited 10-15 minutes. When I approached the front desk they said that they were in the process of upgrading the elevators and that one was new and used digital processing while the old 3 used analog and they didn't talk to each other well. Indeed, the new elevator was frequently out of service.The beds varied wildly from acceptable to downright unusable. One of our group finally asked to be moved to another room only to be shuffled twice because someone apparently had kept a room key and was occupying a room thought to be empty. Other people commented about the poor quality of the mattresses as well.Our room wall heater/air conditioner failed to maintain the temperature (on the cold side) so we let the front desk know that morning and asked for a repair during the day. When we returned it hadn't been touched so we went back to the desk and a tech was sent. He said the filter was too dirty and he would fix it. It never did function correctly.The casino allows smoking and the low ceilings, combined with a poor air filtration system made it uncomfortable (we are non-smokers). If you want internet (wireless) access the hotel wants to charge $12/day (which is ridiculous) but you can do down to the Krispy Kreme shop and get free access.The employees rarely smiled and many appeared like they didn't want to be there. There are only two restaurants and both are dated and marginal from a food quality standpoint. We had to send food back because it was cold and they appeared to be understaffed.In short we suggest that one look elsewhere. A low price isn't necessarily a sign of a good deal.	
Mar 22 2009 	Great hotel at a great price with perfect location!	We knew the hotel was updgrading their elevators, so we asked for a room on a lower floor (7th Floor). Most mornings we had to take the stairs down to the restaurant on the second floor, but not once did we have to walk up. The waits were not bad at all .. seems people who have negatively commented on the elevators were very impatient or very lazy! We enjoyed our stay very much .. friendly staff, good food at the restaurants, and we loved the location right on the Fremont Experience. It was our first time staying downtown and will definitely stay at Fitzgeralds again.	
Mar 20 2009 	Very good value would stay again.	Just returned from a four day vegas trip, stayed at fitzgeralds. Very nice stay, I would definately stay here again. Ate at Don B's steakhouse, it was very good. Also saw the country music tribut show at the hotel, it was good also. Elevators were a little slow, but we got lucky most of the time. We booked a nonsmoking king, they were out and we got a smoking but it wasnt too bad. Overall, I will definately stay here again and would recommend to anyone.	
Mar 17 2009 	No Problems at the Fitz	I called the hotel a week before our arrival and requested non smoking, 2 beds per room, adjoining rooms on a high floor with a view. They met all of our requests. The rooms were clean, although the bathroom could use an upgrade. We had great water pressure in the sink and tub, but when we turned on the shower it was very weak. The rooms were cleaned daily. We didn't have any problems waiting for an elevator like others have stated. They are in the process of replacing them one at a time, the new one was running a few times during the week as they were trying it out. It was much faster then the older ones. The coctail waitresses and dealers were all very friendly. I had more fun gambling there then I did any of the other casinos downtown or the strip. I would stay there again.	
Feb 15 2009 	Fitzgerald 3 night stay 2/11-2/14/09	I went with a family member to Las Vegas and we stayed in this hotel,the rooms were clean and the desk staff went out of their way to please us.The casino slots were alot looser than the strip and the Freemont Street Experience was just outside the front door.The rooms were quiet and the beds were comfortable.The 1.99 breakfast specials in the restaurant were delicious.I will be coming back on my next trip.The only negative thing is one elevator is down for overhaul and so there is a short wait for an elevator at times.We requested a lower level floor and had the option to use the stairs if we felt like it.I think this hotel is a good bargain for the money.	
Dec 16 2008	My Stay At Fitzgeralds Was Great	Stayed at Fitzgeralds 10-13 December. Got to the hotel @ 10:00 a.m. was able to check in early. Room was comfortable...not fancy but good enough. Gambled mostly in their casino and had some luck. Was pretty busy due to the Rodeo. Airport was not crowded. Overall, stay was great. Would stay at the fitz again.	
Dec 12 2008 	If you want to rough it this is your hotel	After a delayed flight to Las Vegas, I was looking forward to getting to the hotel. However, once we got there I would have rather stayed at the airport. Check-in staff was not very helpful and the rooms were not clean. We asked for a non-smoking room and when we walked in, it smelled of stale smoke which led me to believe that it used to be a smoking room at one time. My thought was later confirmed when I looked at the headboard and could see a rim of ash around the edges. I didn't even want to sleep under the covers, I was disgusted. Thank goodness it was only for one night.	
Dec 9 2008 	34 Floors--- 2 elevators	No problem with checking in, valet parking or the room itself.SOFT soft (way too soft ) bed. Wife complained of bed bugs bite. I saw the reaction.Two of four elevators do not work. Someone told me that this has been like this for a year or more.Anyhow....was on 8th floor and had to walk up and down, as we could never get an elevator.Last time I stay there.	
Dec 2 2008 	Entirely acceptable	Stayed at The Fitz 11/27 - 11/30 for the Thanksgiving holiday weekend, in room 1102 (one king bed, smoking). The negative (though not bad enough to make me give a poor review):- The room elevators were quite slow during peak times. 3 of the 4 elevators were working, one was out of order. If there were a lot of people waiting to catch the elevator up, you could quite easily wait 5-10 minutes. Similar waits on my floor while waiting to go down. At non-peak hours it was just a couple minutes. Garage elevators were just fine. - Very slow drain in the bathroom sink, which would back up and gunk would come up and out into the sink. I assume the maids knew about it, since they did clean the sinks and running the water would cause it to back up, but it was not attended to.The neutral:- Room was a bit frayed and worn around the edges, but I knew that going in, having read other reviews. Plus it was a smoking room - not like they're going to replace things that will just get stunk up / burn marks etc. - My room was overlooking Fremont Street, which has a pretty loud sound &amp; light show every evening (once every hour, on the hour, until about midnight.). Quite audible in the room, didn't bother me enough to switch rooms, but others may find it annoying (in which case, request a room on the other side of the hotel). - Loud A/C unit. I like a bit of background noise when trying to sleep, so it didn't bug me too much, PLUS it did help drown out the noise from Fremont Street. - Wish they had a mini-fridge in the room; there was more than enough space to place one.The positive:- The price, only $40/night during my stay. - Location: right on Fremont. If you've never stayed downtown and want to experience some of the older / original Las Vegas, this hotel is a good choice. However, Fremont is a bit limited and after a couple nights you may have already seen it all - an option here is to rent a car from the hotel (they have an Enterprise desk and cars on-site), and the hotel has a free parking ramp for guests, so you could drive to the strip and park at one of the hotels there for a night on the town, or take a drive to Hoover Dam &amp; Lake Meade, or just explore other parts of town. I had rented a car at the airport ($9 per day weekend special from Enterprise) and parked free at the hotel, and did get a good bit of use out of it. Easy to catch a taxi to the strip as well. Depending on time of day, a drive the hotel and the airport, utilizing the interstate, can take less than 20 minutes. - Room size: was quite large compared to other budget-friendly places I have stayed previously (on the strip). More than enough room for 2 or 3 people. - McDonald's and Krispy Kreme on-site, for when you want a quick bite but do not want to wait in line for the area restaurants. At peak times, every single restaurant / buffet will have a line, there is no avoiding it.  - Proximity to other casinos etc: walking distance to numerous casinos, buffets / restaurants, bars, vintage neon signs at the Neonopolis, souvenir shops, convenience &amp; liquor stores up &amp; down Fremont, and a few other casinos right outside the Fremont &quot;experience.&quot; Notes: Fremont does have its share of local vagrants and such, but I never felt threatened and they generally just seemed to hang out more than anything - was only asked for change once. You're allowed to walk around on Fremont with open containers of beer, drinks etc, so there's a chance you may see a few folks stumbling around, but the police presence was noticeable and never did I see any negative activity.All in all, I would stay here again, or along Fremont, if I wanted to stay in the downtown area.	
Dec 2 2008 	Great Stay at the Fitz~~~!!!	We arrived at the Fitz on October 10 and were glad to be able to check in at 10:30 am. Our room was on the 17th floor and was a standard King room. The room was clean and comfy. The staff there was great. I lost my cell while in the casino and by the end of the day security had found it!!! Great Roulette &amp; BJ. My hubby was very happy with the $3 BJ and I was happy w/ the $2 Roulette in the mornings. We only ate at McD's and it was good but much pricier than the one back home! We used all our coupons for free drinks and the bar staff was great as well. This was my 2nd stay at the Fitz and it did not dissapoint. I will return!	
Nov 24 2008 	Fitz was fine by me!	I stayed here for three days and was very satisfied. The self parking was free (though quite full), check-in was a breeze, and my room on the 28th. floor had a fantastic view. The room was clean and comfortable. Everyone from the Casino floor staff to the Buffet Carver was extremely friendly. They bent over backwards to serve and inform me. The Vue Bar was excellent and the location couldn't be beat....it anchors one side of the Freemont Experience...which is quite the experience. I could easily walk to 10 - 15 different Casinos...all of which make me feel the Vegas experience better than the Strip. They have the character and feel of 'Ol Vegas.I won and I lost, but always felt at home in the Fitz. For the price ($$ 50+ per night), need I say more!Thanks again.	
Nov 24 2008 	lucky at the fitz	My wife and Three sisters- in -law and myself,stayed at the Fitz for 5 days and nights. the rooms were clean and quite comfortable. The downtown area was really beautiful and exciting.Best of all the service and the customer service that this hotel offers,second to none. Have been going to Vegas for past 5 years and first time staying at downtown, will continue to stay here. Real down to earth people not the bunch of snobs at the strip area , great vacation, table very loose the machines for not but you could always go next door. Overall , great vacation at the Fitz, highly recommended!!!!!!	
Nov 19 2008 	Fitzgeralds of Las Vegas	This was the first time that I have gone to Las Vegas for personal time. We arrived early in the morning on a Friday and was able to get right into our room. The room was not the cleanest room that my wife and i have stayed in but the hotel was old and it was as clean as could be expected. The gambling experience was fun and the casino had a lot to offer for a novice gambler. I don't know if I would stay at this casino again but we got a great package deal and it is right on Freemont street with lots to see. The next time I stay I might try and find a deal on the strip.	
Nov 17 2008	Terrible Accommodations and Service	My husband and I began our stay with a rude front desk clerk who mumbled inaudible words to me when I inquired about validating our parking...never looking up from his screen. When we brought our bags upstairs, there was a young lady passed by the soda machine. The mattress was old, and had springs popping through the padding. Later on that night, there was a fight in the room next door which spilled out into the hallway with lots of door slamming and cursing. Upon checkout when we informed the front desk, they just laughed. In addition, this was the third time we had requested a suite. The first time we waited until 5 p.m. for it to become available, and it never was. This time the rude front desk person just gave us a room, any room, but failed to inform us that a suite wasn't available. The buffet is what I'd call a &quot;cold cut&quot; buffet in that there was only one ham being sliced very thin, and two keilbasa sausages positioned like the missing roast beef and turkey. We took the last serving of green beans. What I ate was terrible, and the staff continued to circle our table asking if we wanted something to drink...trying to fill our stomachs so that we wouldn't be hitting up the buffet too much.With the service and accommodations so poor, I will not be returning to a hotel that I had called a home away from home for 20 years!	
Nov 13 2008 	First time BUT definitely not the last stay here!	Stayed fir 5 days 11/5 to 11/10. From the front desk to housekeeping to valet and the dealers the ENTIRE staff was cheerful and friendly. We had room 2137...king bed N/S. very clean, comfortable and met all our needs. Safe was big enough for my DVD player, cash, jewelry and camera. Housekeeping very quick and room was very clean. Quiet too. Only 1 time was the elevators slow and that was Monday morning when alot of folks were checking out. No big deal! Food was cheap and tasty.Felt very safe and comfortable there. Will definitely stay here again!!!!!	
Oct 24 2008 	Great stay at the Fitz	Contrary to some of the reviews I had read on here, we had a great stay at the Fitz. We had no waiting line at check-in, everyone was very friendly and we had no waiting lines for the elevators, got up and down quickly and all 4 were working at the time of our stay. Room was nice, we had a corner room up on the 28th floor, great view over Fremont Street. Room was cleaned every day, shower was good, sink drain did make some gurgling noises after you used it and toilet was a little loud after flushing but otherwise everything was great. Courtyard grille and buffet was delicious and you definitely need to get the players club card. By the end of our stay we had racked up $11 to play with and $36 in comps which we used for breakfast and at the gift shop. The slots there were also very good to us. We will definitely stay there again and will recommend the Fitz to all our friends and family!!	
Oct 21 2008 	loved it	I came with a party of six woman and i have to tell you i had a wonderful stay at the fitz we were treated so nice and the staff were so helpful especially Chris Love and Wickham Havens they could not do enough for us . My only complaint was lack of elecrtric outlets in the room had to just use the one in the bathroom for everything . and the elevators are very slow ..The area was nicce the shops in the downtown area were nice and the freemont experience was awesome . Not sure what rooms the people were in that said their rooms were dirty . mine was never that way . I would stay there again and will in the future..you must check out the consigure	
Oct 10 2008	Best deal in Las Vegas	My wife and I visited the Fitz for 6 days during June of this year. We have been staying there for several years. It just seems to get better every time we stay there. The redesigned restaurants are much better than they used to be. The staff is helpful, friendly, and efficient. The comps are generous. The promotions are great. They had the Cruise A Day giveaway going while we were there. I won second prize on my first night. I got $40.00 in free slot play, two free nights in the hotel for a future visit, and a T-shirt. It isn't a lot, but it is a lot more than I got in any of the other casinos. We were comped three days going in and we earned enough comps to cover the rest of the hotel bill. My wife and I are both penny and nickel slot players, so you know we did not gamble large amounts of money in order to earn these comps. The hotel is very nice. We got a room on the thirty-third floor with a spectacular view. The room was clean and well maintained. The housekeeping staff was excellent. I have been to Las Vegas many times and I will never stay any place but the Fitz.	
Oct 5 2008 	Not As Bad As Expected	In glancing at some of the reviews from here, I was very skeptical as to whether or not I would stay here once we got to Las Vegas. I was surprised to find the hotel was not as bad as what I thought it would be. Pros: The room was clean. No dust, no trash found that wasn't ours, etc. There was not a long wait for the elevators. We received a no smoking room as requested.Cons: The sink 'gurgled' all night. It was not stopped up, it just made weird sounds (old building, I guess.) You could not hear it when outside of the restroom, but it was a bit disconcerting when inside the restroom. The water pressure was not very strong at all. The housekeeper forgot to put a pillowcase on the extra pillow. There were a couple of questionable (chocolate?) stains on the chair in our room. It looked as though someone dropped some pieces of chocolate on the chair and they melted and had not been cleaned off. There was a small stain on the corner of the top sheet on my side. Looked like make-up, but could tell the sheet had been washed. Overall, I would stay here again. I am a pretty picky person and was geared for it to be WAY worse than it was.	
Sep 30 2008 	Great Time Great Room!	I just came back from a weekend stay at the Fitz with 4 friends and we had a great time. We checked in on Friday at 12:30p.m. and were given a room right away. The room was a clean, good size room(can't complain since it was comped) and the AC worked PERFECT! The elevators were a little slow, but we didn't care. We could wait 5 minutes without crying over an out of work elevator. The casino was kicking and we made so much noise, even we were surprised that security wasn't called on us. I would definately stay here again(even if I have to pay for the room)!	
Sep 28 2008 	Good value pleasant stay	I got a very good deal on this room, $30 a night for Thursday through Sunday nights plus $75 in free gas from Expedia. You do the math--very, very inexpensive.The room was nothing special, but nice. A lot like a Super 8 Motel, very clean and everything worked. The staff was friendly enough. The pool was nothing special, but it does the job. It's probably the best pool downtown next to the Gold Nugget, but that's not saying much. The casino was nice and dealers were friendly.One highlight was the Vue bar. Their outside patio overlooking the Fremont street experience is a very nice place to sit and people-watch, and drinks are inexpensive, especially the draft beer. They also have pitchers, which is nice.One tiny gripe--they're using too much of the piped-in scent in the casino and hotel, not a bad smell, but phew, a little strong.	
Sep 21 2008 	Great to Crash and if you want to feel super sexy!	We needed a placed to crash before heading into out Vegas adventure full speed ahead..which the Palazzo wouldn't allow until 3pm :) (see review)So LawyerGirl had wanted to go to downtown and I figured this was my quick way to get it out of her system to go on to grander places...It took like 15 minutes to get to the top of their parking structure but I remember that Fritz had some good customer service so I decided we'd sleep there...We caught a pretty sunrise and knew it was going to be hot hot hotBasic Room for 50ish ...we could hear all the maid knocking around but the manager was cool and told us we could have late late check out...2pmOn the bright side when we walked around later We looked SUPER SEXY compared to everyone else around us..we even started getting hit on in the elevator...but we are early 30's and beat the median age by like 30 years.The downtown location sucks during the day, much better than night..not much fine dining unless you consider a buffet so...The hotel is next to Wal greens which was nice becuase we got the incidentals out of the way before the rest of the tripAs my friend mentioned we waited at least 10 minutes for their 1 over worked 102 year old bellman to show up..I tried to lift the bag FOR him...Some woman had been waiting longer than us..I asked the VIP guys in their special office if we could get some help...but they said NO, just WAIT......maybe if I hadn't been waiting I would of played some slots and given them some of my money...dummiesFINAL NOTE: Do not BRING your lap top...THey have a tiny wall safe..nothing to keep your laptop safe if it is a necessity for you	
Sep 19 2008 	It Is What It Is - Vintage Vegas	My girl friend and I drove into Vegas for our &quot;Let it all Hang Out&quot; mini vacation of sorts. We had reservations at the Palazzo Hotel and Casino (see review), however we drove all night, arriving in Vegas at 630am and desperately needed sleep. Unfortunately, The Palazzo was unable to get us into our room until 3pm and I could not wait as I hadnt slept in about 30 hours.It was PulgaDelMundo's (another avid TripAvisor reviewer) grand idea to stay at Fitzgeralds. I could care less as my eyes were begining to roll back in my head. We scored in that we were able to check in at 630am and check out at 2pm for 50 bucks! We waited for the elevator for awhile. So long that I opted to start playing some video slots near the elevator hallway. We made it up to our room, two double beds, I washed my face in the old school looking sink and slid between the sheets and was out like a light. PulgaDelMundo, called and asked for a wake-up call and she hit the sack too. The call came in and we were up. This is where my recallection really begins because I could have really cared less before my little nap.The bed was hard and obviously old. The linens were clean, thankfully. The room was definately dated, I would say the last time it had been remodelled was around 1984. Ha Ha. Honestly, I didnt care. You're in Vegas, you arent supposed to be in your room! The bathroom was a nice size, big enough for two girthy chicks to move around in. Everything seemed to be fresh and clean in that bathroom. We packed up what we had taken up to the room and headed for the elevator. Again, the elevator was taking For-ev-er. At one point I was wondering if the elevator was broken. Once we got down to the Casino level we decided that we were going to check our luggage and go do some shopping on Freemont Street. We waited for about 10 minutes for the Bellman to check our luggage. I felt bad for the poor guy because he seemed to be about 102 years old. We did our shopping came back and I waited about 10 more minutes to uncheck our luggage while Pulga went to get the car. Its an old place. You get what you pay for and if you expect the Bellagio at this price, you have lost your mind. What I have gathered from reading these reviews is that everyone has their own taste when looking for a hotel. I wasnt impressed, but I also wasnt displeased by the experience. Would I go back, probably not. But, I would recommend it for a budget travelor.	
Sep 10 2008 	Fitzgeralds is great!!	Wow!! I can't believe some of the previous reviews. I have stayed at the Fitz many times throughout the years, and I'll agree that it got a little frayed around the edges. It was always clean, and the staff was always friendly, but you should see it now. The owners have been fixing it up with some subtle and some not so subtle changes. Our room had new air conditioning that was actually freezing at night. It had a new bed that was comfortable. The bathroom was redone with new shower that was very nice. The casino was lively and festive with everyone having a good time. Freemont Street was one big party at night with a lot of festivities and plenty of security around. Nothing at all to be worried about. This is a great hotel &amp; casino - just don't go there with an attitude and you won't be dissapointed.	
Sep 3 2008 	This hotel is a very bad hotel - do not go there	We decided on this hotel based on the 3* rating it had. This is not a 3* hotel!!! It is bad.First of all - everything smells like smoke. Even the non-smoking rooms smell like smoke. Since I don't smoke, I find this to be a bad thingSecond - the room we stayed in looked really bad. It was small, dirty looking, not clean. Third - when we wanted to switch the hotel, the hotel manager could not be found (we called at 1am). When he got in (at 6:30) it would not refund us our money (we payed to stay for 5 days and wanted to leave after 1 night).Fourth - we did not feel safe in the hotel/neighborhood - very shady place.We did, in fact leave after that first night and found a deal online for MGM Grand - and there is no comparison between the two.I will never ever go back to that hotel and I suggest that you spend a bit more money and stay on the Strip - much better view, great service and you are right in the middle of all the cool places.Expedia tried to help, but in the end, we had to forfeit the hotel money. They said we'll get a 100$ coupon and $100 back but I have not yet seen those. Might update on this. They also did not want to match the deal I found on MGM Grand's web page because they could not open the MGMgrand.com web page. Well - if they don't want my money it is fine with me.	
Sep 3 2008 	Value For Money	Had 2 rooms, 1 with 2 beds &amp; 1 with 1 bed, non smoking, high floor as requested. Both rooms neat, tidy, just your average size hotel room. Never waited long for elevators any of the days we were there (Wed - Sun). All staff I used were helpful &amp; curtious. I also used the pool (heated) &amp; valet parking everyday with no problems.I would stay there again and I would recomend it to family and friends as value for money.	
Aug 22 2008 	Looks like the end of my relationship with the Fitz	I have tried to be loyal to the Fitz because they have been such gracious hosts in the past...But the last couple of times were not so good...First of all they were obviously short staffed on the Valet parking...the ones working were nice but much slower than the past.The room was bland, dirty and had none of the travel magazines and stuff. I think someone had checked out and the room was not refreshed before we got it...but the carpet was nasty, the air conditioner did not work well ( while it is over 100 degrees outside) and the over all ambiance was just lacking. Left 5 Bucks for Housekeeping to leave us some extra towels and pillows...got one set of towels and A pillow...what? Pillow shortage? You HAVE to get Extra towels there because they have the tiniest, thinnest towels in Vegas.Went down with the coupon they gave us for a free dinner at Don B's and asked if we could pay the difference and have lobster rather than the steak and they said NO! We didn't even say how much we would pay different but they made no effort to make us happy...service was lack luster but the food was delicious.Went to the Buffet with the &quot;Breakfast buffet&quot; Coupon handed us at check in and ..NO breakfast buffet??? So we decided to order of the menu..5 minutes passed and not even a nod like we were going to get service so we got up and walked out...went to McDonald's downstairs.It was very slow and blah....actually all of downtown seemed blah.We checked out early and got a room at the IP on the strip and I fear we will never look back at the Old Fitz..	
Aug 14 2008 	Staff is Awesome!	If you are expecting Wynn accomidations at this price , you will be very disapointed. If you are a fan of &quot;old Vegas,&quot; stay at the Fitz. Though the rooms are a bit tattered, I can not say enough good things about the casino staff. The bartenders downstairs (Al and Helen (I think!!??)) were AWESOME! While playing VP I couldn't even get the last swallow in before another beer was in front of me. Very friendly and prompt. Even the pit bosses were fun, and when the dealer was whipping cards out faster than I could bet (i missed a hand,) the boss told her to slow the hell down. (and we all laughed about it too, I was a bit tipsy.) Even the dour faced sports book guy was courteous and went out of his way to help. I've stayed at the Golden Nugget for the last 5 or 6 visits, but the (relatively) new owner of the Fitz and his emphasis on &quot;friendly&quot; have earned my business for my next trip in September.	
Aug 13 2008 	Its the Kmart of Hotels	DO NOT stay here. At all. It is dirty, the wallpaper was peeling in the room, the bathroom was filthy. I actually bought a bottle of bleach and poured in the tub. The elevators are horribly slow. We waited 15 minutes for an elevator at one point. We stayed here because of the convienance of Fremont Street. I will not do that again. I will spend the extra money and go to the Golden Nugget.The kicker was there was AN EXPLOSION at the pasta bar people had to be taken out of the hotel on stretchers. The idiot chef but butane bottles near an open flame, almost killed my friend. And were we offered anything to compensate nearly being killed? NO! The staff had the personality of lettuce and were not helpful at all.Overall, a good place to go if you want a good rapin!	
Aug 10 2008 	Do yourself a favor and book somewhere anywhere else.	Not only are the rooms dingy and outdated, but the rest of the hotel isn't any better.Don't bother trying to go downstairs for breakfast, I waited 27 minutes for an elevator to go down, and 23 mintues for it to come back up. With over 30 floors, and only 4 elevators (2 of which were broken on my stay) there is no way to accommodate all the people.The restaurant has decent food, but I didn't wait less than 10 minutes to be served. And apparently it was too much of a hassle to even refill a coffee once. I had a completely clogged sink and the men that came to fix it were very polite and worked hard, but the bathroom smelled like rotten water for the rest of my stay since there was absolutely no fan and the windows don't open. And housekeeping didn't replace the towels they took.Do yourself a favor and book somewhere else.	
Aug 5 2008 	Never again............	Although I had read some bad reviews, I had also read some good reviews and since the rest of the family for the family reunion was staying there, my husband and I decided to give it a shot. Well, what a mistake...From the room quality, to the desk staff, to the casino staff, it was awful. I wouldn't stay there again if someone else paid for it. The elevators were a joke, the front desk personnel had no personality and had no interest in making their guest comfortable and happy. Bad experience...Just in case you think this could be fake...the elevator on the left hand side, behind you if facing away from the casino, was out of order, most of the time we were there. This was between July 24 and July 28th, 2008.We changed rooms twice, and each time had to request the AC filters be cleaned/replaced, because the air blowing out was not cool/cold. I walked down from the 17th floor 2 times on that Sunday and when I called the front desk to inquire about why no elevators were stopping on our floor, or when then did, they were so full you couldn't have put a grain of salt on them, I was told &quot;we are busy, it is check out time, you will just have to wait&quot;. Had we had an emergency, it would have been sad.The carpet is in bad need of replacing and so is the wallpaper. The tubs, (in all three rooms that I saw) were chipped, scratched and patched. I know the hotel is old, but basic maintenance and repairing/replacing of worn/torn items would help make the stay at the Fitz better.But even worse than the condition of the hotel, was the condition of the staff. The front desk, even at check in, was rude, dispassionate and unwilling to try to accomodate requests. Even when talking to a supervisor, she stared above my head, and was also blaise' about assisting us. And the wait staff at the casino?????!!!!!! We could sit at a slot for an hour before anyone would come around to ask if we wanted something to drink. Then it would take another hour for them to come back!!! And if you asked for water or soda, forget it! It never arrived at all. We had to go to the bar and pay for our drinks the entire time we were there. I went and bought bottled water and gatorade so I didn't have to pay 3.00 for a bottle of water!Would not recommend this hotel to anyone...	
Aug 3 2008 	Great stay	Fitzgeralds is a very pleasant small hotel and casino. The check in desk was close to the car drop off which was great although quite unusual in Vegas as the hotels do like you to trek through the casinos with your luggage at most of the themed hotels. The rooms were well proportioned, well furnished and clean.We always stay downtown as everything is on the doorstep. My Dad sometimes uses a wheelchair and we rented one from Fitzgeralds during our stay so fremont street is great for getting around. Fitzgeralds has a McDonalds, Krispy Kreme and Starbucks inside or close by. The Vue bar is great as a previous reviewer said as you can sit out just under the Fremont Street Experience to get a great view of the display.The only thing that lets the Fitzgeralds down is the location of the pool. It was nice and clean but you have to walk out throught the valet parking to get to the pool which is located on a corner of the street at street level at the back of the hotel. The pool was quite quiet because of that and if you're not a pool person then it wouldn't dull your enjoyment at all.I would definately still stay there again because of all the plus points and value for money.	
Jul 31 2008 	We tried to like it....would not return :-(	We just got back from Las Vegas and I wanted to post our room experience at Fitzgeralds. This is long and unfortunately it was not good at all. We had booked a four night stay through US Air Vacations that included this hotel. First of all the room was very very clean and the maid did a great job each day. This is why I am giving this hotel a 2 instead of a 1 rating.I need a mini fridge for medication and we had called Fitzgeralds direct after we booked and requested that, along with a non smoking king room away from Fremont and the experience. The woman at the Fitz told us she had our trip manifest right in front of her...and though they could not guarantee a non smoking king room, they would make sure we had a king bed, a fridge and be on the side of the hotel away from the noise. She specifically stated she had noted our account both on the manifest and on the computer, and the fridge would be in the room for us.We arrived Friday afternoon, valet parked (they were great btw) and went to the check in desk. A very nice man named Joe Vance checked us in. We mentioned our requests and he showed us the screen...there was not a single remark anywhere. We had been placed in a room with a double bed, a smoking room and no fridge. The woman in reservations had lied about everything, even about noting our account. He was unable to get us a non smoking room so they came up and sprayed the room we were given and that helped a lot. The smoke smell wasn't as overpowering after that. The room was on the 12th floor (1204) and overlooked Fremont Street. We were told there were no rooms available on the other side :-( They found us a fridge and sent it up within the hour and that was good. The fridge worked fine and appeared to be new. The lighting was very very dim. Nearly impossible to read by the lamps. The TV channels were very snowy, some didn't work at all. We weren't in Vegas to watch TV though so we didn't let that bother us too much. There was no drain stopper in the tub so we couldn't take a bath but we were able to shower. The water was very cool though, there was no hot water, just tepid. . No problem really...it's pretty hot in Vegas and a cool shower was better than no shower at all. We were trying hard to go with the flow and not let the little things bother us. We were on vacation....We noticed immediately when we got to the room that it was very very hot, even though the a/c was running when we entered. We thought it had just been turned on (Joe at the front desk had called housekeeping to spray the room for the smoke, and turn on the a/c). We went out for dinner after the fridge arrived, and then visitedt Fremont St, assuming this would give the room time to cool down. We came back about 5 hours later. The room was still stifling hot. Warm air was blowing out of the a/c. It's now about 10:15pm Vegas time and are both wiped out. We had been up since early Friday morning, before 4am central time and we wanted to sleep! No way we could sleep in that heat. Fremont Street was blaring too (theZZ Top wannabe band was right below our room and giving it all they had) but we could have handled that, but not that hot room! While I called the front desk about the a/c problem, hubby looked at the a/c filters. There was at least 1/2 inch of dirt and lint matted on them both....they had not been cleaned in a very long time. Hubby tried to clean them some before maintenance arrived, hoping that is all the problem is, filthy filters. It made no difference though. Maintenance man arrived about 10:25pm, pretty quickly we thought. He popped the cover off the a/c and it was coated in ice, totally frozen up with about 3/8 inch of ice all over it. For some reason I picked up the camera and snapped a picture of the lint and dirt hubby had removed from the filters and of the frozen innards of the a/c unit. Thought at the time it might be something to put in our scrap book later and laugh over. Maintenance left and came back 15 min later, after turning on the HEATER on high to defrost the ice. The room really felt like a sauna now....this is getting almost comical and we are trying to see the humor in it. At about 10:40 the guy comes back and starts chipping off the ice. Once he gets it partially broken away the compressor kicks in and the room starts to cool off. He told us he gets off at 11:00pm (it's now 10:50pm) and he had to leave right now to go get ready to go home!!!! He leaves the room with the a/c still half frozen, saying it will probably freeze up again and call the night shift when it does. Poof, he's gone. By now hubby, who has done heating and a/c work, was getting more than a bit irritated. He popped the cover back off the a/c and finished breaking off the ice so we can get the room cool enough to sleep. It took about a half hour but he got it done using a key to break it loose. The room cooled down finally by 1:30 am, and we were able to get some sleep. Fremont Street was quiet for the night too (the music stopped about 1am).The bed was hard as a rock. I love a firm mattress, but this was really uncomfortable. We were so tired it didn't matter. Fitzgeralds uses plastic mattress pads though and that made us sweat during the night. Thought about removing it, but the mattress was so old we didn't want to know what was under that pad, so we left it.Called Saturday morning and requested a room change and was told it wasn't possible because they were full. Oh well, if the a/c holds out we can handle the concrete like bed and Fremont Street would be over again at 1:00am or so and we could finally sleep. We decided to go out and have some fun and return later in the evening. When we returned to the hotel briefly about 7pm we again asked for a room change and were told maybe tomorrow,and to check back again, they were still full. Ran to the room for a min, and it was still cool, so far so good.We returned to a burning hot room again about midnight Sat night. Called maintenance again...hubby checked and this time the a/c wasn't frozen up, but the compressor wasn't working at all. Just a loud humming noise. Maintenance comes up about 45 min to an hour after we called, fiddles around with the a/c for probably an hour, then overrides some switch and the a/c compressor comes back on. It's now about 2:00am and it was probably 85 degrees again in that room...we were absolutely miserable. Room starts cooling down and maintenance leaves. We finally are able to fall asleep. By 8am it had quit working again and the room was heating up fast. We didn't call again, what good would it have done??? Each shift seems to pass the buck to the next shift and no real repairs were ever done on that a/c. I bet it's still not working. We changed hotels for our last two nights. We left the hotel Sunday about noon and went over to check in at The South Point before checking out of Fitzgeralds. We went for dinner, visited the Venetian and Bellagio, then came back, got the rest of our things and went to check out. They were amazed we were leaving!! The manager was called over, and she said she only had one report of an a/c problem in our room during our stay, and asked if we were SURE we had maintenance in there Friday night because she had no record of it. The only call she had noted on our room was the compressor problem. Thank goodness I snapped those pictures! We had proof of what we were saying. Felt a little miffed that she seemed to doubt our story. Told her we had pictures of the frozen up a/c and of the the dirt hubby had removed from the filters. Then she asked why we didn't change rooms. We informed her we DID ask, twice and were told both times there were no other rooms available. She said that was odd, that they were not full either night. Go figure! She tried to be polite to us, and I guess maintenance was denying they had been in our room on Friday night. Unbelievable! Overall, it was miserable stay, mostly because of the a/c problem, and we were relieved to leave. I just wanted to share our own experience about this so others on here will know before they go that their may be problems. I am an avid reader and believer in Trip Advisor, and I don't like leaving negative reviews, but this time I feel it's warranted. I'm sure Fitzgeralds must have better rooms that do not have constant a/c problems,have hot water, bathtub plugs etc...and I hope others that stay there will not have the problems we did. Would we book this deal again via US Air Vacations..absolutely! Would we stay at the Fitz again. NO!! It might come with the package but we would book our rooms elsewhere and not use the rooms at the Fitz at all. The US Air deal was great. We had a great time in Vegas in spite of the room problems. Any questions, feel free to email me!	
Jul 8 2008	Disapointed	This was our first time staying here, and because the rates are way cheaper downtown i don't expect a fancy room, but i do want clean!HOusekeeping is definately lacking because after our room had been cleaned there were still ashtrays that had not been emptied and the tub did not look as it had been cleaned either.Peeling wallpaper in bathroom as well as other areas in the room just gave it a tacky depressing atmosphere.Wanted a couple extra packs of coffee so we each could have 2 cups the next morning and my b/f gave the housekeeper 5 bucks and asked if she could leave a couple extra--she left i only one extra!-wow!guess 5 bucks wasnt enough foir her!Elevator are slow and HOT! and being slow not when it is just crowded, but everytime i used it it was slow! If ot wasnt so hot that would be one thing but there is nothing worse thena slow elevator being HOT when you are staying on the 27th floor!Not many cocktail waitresses around and the ones that eventually came were grumpy! This makes me want to go somewhere friendly----if i am going to lose money(which i did) i at least want it to be in a friendly atmosphere! I ended up spending the rest of our time there (3 days) at Binions. My b/f did too---the bell desk had the nicest people there, the rest of the employees should take note of them and do the same.Next time we wil stay at Binions as we have in the past.The plumbling leaves alot to be desired as well and the light in hte bathroom &quot;buzzed&quot; constantly which was very annoying.	
Jul 8 2008	As Always I love the Fitz!!!!	I have visited the Fitz many times over the years, but... it had been about 12 years since I stayed here. In the old days, visited 2-4 times a year for about 15 years, so it felt like returning home.Some things have changed. The Enchanted Forest is gone, but.. I had some good luck at the slots here at the Fitz. I visited most of the other downtown casinos, but found my best luck to be here, at the Fitz. I'm not a high roller, and I didn't get time to spend at blackjack tables, as I usually do, since I met a large group from TripAdvisor.com here, but... there will be other days!!I had a nice room on the seventh floor, close to the elevator, and.. the only comment I have is that the carpet could stand to be replaced. I'm pretty sure this is on the agenda, as all the hallways (that i saw) have been redone, and are quite nice. I had a double queen non smoking room, handicapped, and the bathroom was quite large, with a tub/shower combination, and a very wide sink/vanity. Nice accessories furnished, Pantene Pro-V shampoo &amp; body lotion, and boxed individual soaps, both facial and bath sizes. Housekeeping took very good care of things, bringing extra wash cloths (a stack!) when I asked, and extra coffee for the coffee maker. TV channels are basic, but there are several. Who watches TV in Vegas anyway??? I found the casino help, hotel accommodations (check-in girl was so friendly, and helpful... there was no line, and I got a nice Funbook from her) bell staff, and the people at the Courtyard Grill to all be welcoming and helpful in all aspects. I had a Bleu Cheese Burger with fries here that was killer for $8.95 minus a $2.00 coupon off from the Funbook !! And a lunch special (Crab linguini with garlic bread for $6.95) that was also very tasty.I'll be back, Fitz! You can count on it!!!	
Jun 29 2008 	The Fitz is OK	We stayed here for a week and considering that this cost less than one night would have cost in some Strip hotels I don't think we had much cause to complain. We had a spacious room on 24th floor, with nice views. The decor is a little old and worn, and our bath had marks in the bottom, but the room was cleaned well every day. We didn't have too many problems with the lifts eitherLoved Freemont Street, and the Fitz has a bar with a balcony overlooking the Street - reasonably priced drinks and a great place to see the Freemont Street Experience (we loved the tribute to Queen)	
Jun 20 2008 	Didn't like it here	I stayed one night at the Fremont then moved to Fitzgeralds with family on June 14th. I would rather have stayed at the Fremont.The room was ok. The room itself seemed clean. There were places where the wallpaper is starting to peel off. The bathroom didn't seem very clean. The floor needed a good scrubbing and the tub was stained all over.The beds were ok.Had to wait a long time for the elevators and they were always packed full.The only thing I ate here was a Krispy Kreme donut and it was good.I say stay somewhere else.	
Jun 19 2008 	Two nights at the Fitz...........	I stayed for the first time at the Fitz on Sunday and Monday, June 8 &amp; 9. The check in was easy and I was given a room of the 22nd floor with an excellent view. The room was fine with a comfortable king bed. The air conditioner was good and also quiet. The shower had plenty of pressure. The sink drained slowly. I played the slots quite a bit with average success. I was awakened at 3:15 a.m by the fire alarm. There was no fire. Apparently an electrical malfunction set it off. I would certainly stay at Fitzgerald's again. Also, the elevators were very slow the first day--ok the second day.	
Jun 17 2008	Fitzgerald's - Probably Won't Stay Again	Took my son, a big fan of World Series of Poker, to Vegas from June 7 - June 10, 2008 so he could see the action live for the first time. I'm a fan of old school Vegas with the neon and glitz, so almost always stay on Fremont Street. Got a good price at Fitzgerald's with a package from United Vacations (United Airlines sucked coming and going with long flight delays and no explanations and just general &quot;We don't give a crap about you&quot; attitudes.) Anyhow, the downtown hotels are about fifty to a hundred bucks cheaper than the Strip Hotels and while in Vegas, at least for us, a room is just a place to sleep for a few hours and freshen up. Check in was a breeze, no lines, no attitudes and we were in a nice room in five minutes. Asked for high up for the views and got 17th floor. Elevator waits can be a pain in the morning around check out time. Room was fine the first night, everything clean and comfortable, but they turned off the AC and it was broiling. (Maybe on purpose to get you to the casino while it cools down?)We left early the next morning and returned around 5 pm and found our room just as we'd left it, except the AC was turned off. It was broiling again. Called front desk to ask why housekeeping hadn't cleaned our room or given us fresh towels at least. She said, &quot;There was a do not disturb sign on door so they didn't go in.&quot; &quot;Hmmm. . ., Funny how there was no hanger on the door when we left or returned,&quot; I replied, a little peeved. &quot;And, oh-by-the-way, if housekeeping didn't go in our room, who in the heck turned off the AC?&quot;Yep - they turned off the AC again while we were gone and it was over a hundred outside. Ridiculous.A couple of other things about Fitzgerald's that rubbed me the wrong way:The wait for valet parking is ridiculous. Twenty minutes minimum our first two attempts. We just self parked after that.Swim? Ha ha ha. Yep, it's a joke. I have friends that have bigger pools than their's; plus the fact that it's located right beside a main street, and the registratiion and valet parking drivewayCasino. Craps dealers: a couple of them had real bad attitudes; the others were okay. When I complained about one of the dealers, I just got a bunch of lip in return. I colored up, cashed out and went and played at Binions, Fremont and Four Queens. No problem at all to leave and find another table.The business center is an absolute joke and they nickeled and dimed me to death. Five bucks gets you twenty minutes of internet time. I went to check in on-line for our return flight and print our boarding passes. I got logged in, chose our seats and printed out our boarding passes. It was a total of five pages to print, but midway through the printer stopped and a box popped up and said, &quot;You don't have enough time to print the last two pages.&quot; I'm thinkin, &quot;Excuuuuuse me? What's goin' on? There's two minutes left in the minutes box.&quot;In the fine print I finally found another box which said it cost four minutes of time to print each page. Four minutes of time to print one page. Jeez. Talk about being cheap. So I had to go back out to the lobby and purchase another twenty minute card for five bucks. Then I had to go back and log back in, go through all the rigamorole, yada, yada, yada.Well, that left a real sour taste in my mouth and they got my ten bucks, but I didn't spend another nickel at Fitzgearld's that day or the next. All cuz of ten bucks they sucked out of me for the business center. Pretty funny if you consider I lost $170 bucks shootin' dice at Binion's right after that. All becasue Fitzgerald's nickeled and dimed me, I went to another casino. When will these corporate weenies learn?I don't let that stuff bother me while on vacation, though. We had a great buffet at the Golden Nugget on Saturday. Great price, great location, great staff and awesome seafood. And their pool area looks awesome. Other buffet food downtown wasn't anything to write about. We did the Paris buffet Monday morning and it was awesome, too. Kept us goin' all day and into the evening. But the best food deal in town is still at Ellis Island. We had their steak and eggs on the way to the airport. Very good and just $5.99.	
Jun 11 2008 	Good Value for the money	I was very hesitant going in due to the reviews I read. My room was nothing fancy but it WAS clean. Not the Ritz but a good value for what I paid. The hotel staff was very nice, the elevators worked without any problems and I really liked the location. I would stay there again.	
May 28 2008	not worth the wait	Just returned from this property. There are better hotels in the same vicinity that are nicer. Check in went smooth. Arrived early and was able to get a room right away. Had to wait for ever for the elevators!! All the time. My wife would get her morning exercise by walking down the 19 floors instead of waiting. The faucet in the tub ran constanly. Not fixed for 2 days. Hot than cold water never a steady stream. Some times scalding hot water!!. I know it is Vegas and you don't spend that much time in a room but it should be nicer that your local Hojo's	
May 26 2008 	Will not be staying again !	My husband and I have stayed at the Fitz several times, at least 10 times . Each time we hoped Mgmt. would replace the box spring &amp; mattresses. They haven't. This time was the worst, it was like sleeping on the floor. Unfortunately, we will not be staying at Fitzgerald's anymore. We decided to spend a bit more and stay at The Golden Nugget next time.	
May 22 2008 	Way better than expexted	Stayed at Fitzgeralds May 15 thru the 18th. After reading some reviews, was a little apprehensive about staying here. Turned out-it was a great place with absolute wonderful staff. Everyone went out of their way to do anything for you or to help you. Service was fabulous at all times! Rooms are a little older but that is half the charm of staying downtown. Room was clean and never had problem with elevators. Also, we gambled everywhere downtown, and we won the most at Fitz. I went home home with more than I went with. Can't ask for much more than that.	
May 20 2008 	Great Value Great Place to stay!!!!	After 10 years of staying on the strip we chose to stay on Fremont Street. The hotel was a great value and everything was close. We went to the strip 1 time during our stay and decided right there and then that we would much rather stay on Fremont Street. Less Crowded and definitly cleaner. It was nice to walk out of 1 casino and walk into the next. Food prices were much cheaper and the food was GREAT!!! Prime Rib dinner for only $6.95. Our room was clean and the staff was very friendly. After reading reviews on tripadvisor, I was a bit hesitant to stay at the Fitz but I would DEFINITELY stay here again. I look forward to staying here again next year.	
May 13 2008	Fun Casino	My mother and I stayed here for nights. We had a room on the 31st floor with a nice view of the mountains. The room had 2 double beds, a table with 2 chairs, iron, hairdryer, and safe. The room was average size and was very clean. The beds were not the most comfortable but they served the purpose. The slots in the casino payed us pretty well. The staff was very friendly. The breakfast buffet was not too good but the service was excellent. The selection was very limited. I would stay here again.	
May 11 2008 	Never again HUGE mistake	We will NEVER stay at this place again. Our room was on the 21st floor. The hotel only had three functioning elevators the first day. We stood in the lobby for 20 minutes (I timed it) waiting on an elevator to get to our room. Upon entering our room we were greeted with a six inch wide trail of hair, whiskers, and soap scum the entire length of the bottom of the tub. We were told that they had been working on the plumbing and that noone was in housekeeping to clean the mess up. We asked for another room, you guessed it none available. We cleaned the mess up ourselves. Every day of our stay, that same six inch wide mess would show up in our tub in the morning. Two days into our stay, they shut the water off to 5 floors for &quot;plumbing repairs&quot;. Evidently they need another plumber because it didn't work, next day same mess. The next to the last day there our room didn't get cleaned so no clean towels for showers on the morning that we left. Don't even get me started on the &quot;buffet&quot;. We arrived on a Sunday morning. We were hungry and went to their &quot;Courtyard&quot; buffet. What a waste of money, the food was terrible the service was non-exsistant. We ate breakfasts at the Paradise buffet across the street after that.The one bright spot was the valet parking staff. They were courteous, prompt and very friendly. Maybe they should run the hotel.	
May 8 2008 	Keno Tournament at Fitzgerald's Casino Las Vegas	Just returned from a Keno tournament in Las Vegas at Fitzgerald's Hotel and Casino, and we can't wait to go back! The hotel is in the &quot;old&quot; part of town, right at the beginning of the Fremont Street Experience. Anytime I get THREE NIGHTS FREE, which we did with the tournament, I think it's excellent!The hotel itself is a bit tattered and worn (but clean) - and the ventilation systems are not quite as good as the newer casinos. Things feel a bit &quot;tighter&quot; than in the sprawling taj mahals on the strip. But overall, the good outweighs the bad. The staff is extremely helpful and friendly, for one thing. The buffet is very good and free drinks are served often. There is a Walgreen's Drug store steps from the front door. And best of all, when you play in a tournament, you get three nights' room absolutely FREE. In addition, (and I assume this applies to other tournaments), we received four meal vouchers (for the player in the tournament and a partner) and two other tournament meals, an evening buffet and a breakfast, and player shirts. Now, HOW GREAT IS THAT??The keno tournament is held 4 times a year, but they also host other tournament events, which, I am guessing, have similar perks. In the keno tournament, you put up $500, but get the full amount back to play in the tournament, and you get to keep all your winnings. Of the approximately 100 players, about 1/4 earned all their money back. The top winner took home over $11,000. We met some &quot;regulars&quot; at the tournament who said, &quot;Why stay on the strip when the only thing I need my room for is to sleep?&quot; The sleeping rooms are adequate, the beds very firm, and the shower was hot. Depending on the time of day, the four elevators could be slow, but that's true with any high-rise hotel. For those unfamiliar with Fremont Street, it is 5 blocks of pedestrian mall with a 1,400 foot canopy light show - billed as the world's largest. It's unlike anything you've ever seen. Also available in the mall area are small shops, drug stores, other casinos, and restaurants - all within easy walking distance, unlike the strip. There is nightly entertainment outside your front door.The Deuce Bus, which runs the length of the strip, is available for $5/day, so it's easy to get out to the other end of the strip if you want to tour other casinos or go to a show. So, check out Fitzgerald's Casino. Las Vegas deals are still there, if you know where to look! Go to the other end of the strip for glitz and glamour and giant pools, but go to Fitzgeralds to have fun, save a buck, and win a bunch!	
May 8 2008 	loved it	First time at Fitzgerald's and will definitely go back. Easy, early check-in; great casino;good-value restaurants; good location. Large comfortable rooms, good bell staff.	
May 5 2008	Ok stay at the Fitz	4 of us stayed at the Fitz from 4/30-5/01. I received a flyer for 2 free rooms. Upon check in we were granted a double queen bed non smoking room. We happened to be on the very top floor, which wasn't a big deal at the time, but got annoying waiting 10 minutes for the elevator everytime we wanted to get a beer from our room!! But like I said the room was free so it didn't bother me as much as it could have!! The Good:The check in clerk was very nice and the room was generally clean, and the beds comfortable. The bath drained well and the shower had great water pressure. We did have a pretty nice view of the mountains to the west being up on the top floor. We were handed a coupon for 2 for 1 montery chicken sandwiches in the buffet/cafe while we were gambling. Great deal, and the food was wonderful!! The VUE bar on the 2nd floor has a wonderful little porch overlooking the Fremont St. Experience.The Bad: The elevators are slow and shaky, and we were always left wondering if they would break down while we were in them. The waitresses were non existant while we gambled, and the main floor bartender was a crab. She actually told my wife they were out of Jack Daniels when she tried to order a drink. I went up and ordered one 20 minutes later and was served with a bitter look on her face. Why do they employ such people? The pool was closed for inspection when we checked in, but opened a short time later. This is the coldest pool I have ever witnessed, but it did make me forget about my hangover for a short time! It seemed everyone we had talked to in the elevators were losing, including us. We like to gamble at other casinos Downtown anyhow, so it was not a big deal to us! All in all we had a great time being Downtown. I don't think it matters too much to me which hotel we stay at, as long as the price is right, and free rooms always deserve a decent review. So we would definately stay here again, expecially if the rooms are free!!	
May 4 2008 	Get a written confirmation showing price or the name of your operator.	Our family booked accommodation in this hotel in April 2008 and were quoted a rate of $49.00 for the Sunday but on arrival at check in the rate was $99.00 a big surprise. We went to the casino host area and all they could do was monitor our casino play and perhaps give us a break on checkout of all the room charges. This added pressure to a relaxing trip time planned with family but the price did work out in the end with a final price of $32.00 plus tax.My only point is (told to me by the casino rep) Always know who booked your stay if you're not able to get a written price confirmation. Get a name of the person doing the booking if you deal direct with the hotel.	
Apr 11 2008 	good value	This was my first stay at the Fitz and my first stay in the Fremont St. area. My room was fine, and the maid service was good. Unlike others, I had no elevator problems. The buffet the first nite was adequate, and I had clipped a coupon in my arrival book which made the price better. Motel staff was corteous to me. I did find the casino to be a bit smokey, but I find many to be that way, as I am a non-smoking asthmatic. They did provide me with a non-smoking room. I think Atlantic City will soon be totally smoke free, and I can't wait for that to happen nationwide. If you are expecting total luxury accomodations, this isn't it, but you are not paying for it, either. On the other hands, the rooms compare to any standard motel and are a good value....I had all that I needed, including hairdryer and iron/ironing board......the room was clean, comfortable, and I had a nice view. I like the whole Fremont street thing....old Vegas....the gambling (and everything) is cheaper, you can get around very fast, etc.....I actually think you get a more &quot;down home/down to earth&quot; feeling there than the extravagance of the strip. I would go back to the Fitz, and as long as Fremont Street is offering better deals, there is a good chance I will stay there again.	
Mar 28 2008 	Fitzgerald's on Fremont Street - NOT close to strip	First, we will NOT be staying here ever again.We reserved our trip and room five months in advance for a king size bed and received a room with double beds because they said, &quot;reservations are requests,&quot; with no guarantee that you will get what you reserved. VERY BAD first impression. The guy checking us in didn't even make eye contact with us. We complained twice before getting a king bed the next day. We had to switch rooms and had to wait on them to switch. Our room was average, very few TV channels, small TV, cheap furniture. The bed was pretty comfortable, but the A/C was loud and didn't work very well. The bathroom was average size and the water pressure is good, but the wall paper was pealing off and the shower head was loose and coming out of the wall. The housekeeping was average, but the second night we noticed a shortcut taken. They put a full size bed sheet across the king bed sideways instead of getting a king size fitted bed sheet. This is a bad sign! Parking is free, access the self-parking garage from the rear (3rd St.), just write your name and room number on the ticket and you'll never pay for parking. Otherwise, I think it's $1.50/hr.Some of the buttons didn't work on the old phone and there were no maps of the casino telling you where anything was.Fremont St. is pretty neat with shopping and access to the other casino's within a short walk. There is McDonalds and Krispy Kreme donuts in the Fitzgerald's, and Dunkin Donuts in Four Queens. We didn't eat at the casino restaurants, but they looked ok. The Fitzgerald's, and the rest of downtown, is a long way from the Strip. You shouldn't walk it. It's too far, plus it's not safe walking around downtown outside the safety of the casino's. If you do go to the Strip, park at the Excalibur, which is street level and free parking, and it's a short walk to the rest of the Strip.The dealers at the casino are friendly and never felt crowded during the week. Traffic is horrendous on the Strip and especially bad in the morning and afternoon from 3-6pm because thousands of workers need to get to work in a few block radius. You don't need a car, just use the casino shuttles.	
Mar 28 2008 	Find a Different Hotel !	We stayed at The Fitzgerald Hotel on Freemont Street from 3/16-3-20. Have stayed there the past 3 times and this was the worst! Bed was horrible; had to call 3 days, several times a day, to get a hair dryer in the room. Towels were paper thin, room was just run down and OLD. Management really acted like they could care less as far as our satisfaction went. Have usually had great rooms and great prices for the rooms. Liked the fact that we were so close to so many casinos and could just walk a few feet to go to another casino. Think we will end our streak of staying at the Fitz. Prices were just not worth the sleepless nights and backaches we put up with.	
Mar 14 2008 	Elevator problems	We stayed at the Fitz during a big convention week. The rates at our usual hotels were sky high and they would not accept comps - so we opted for the cheap rates at the Fitz.The elelvators were really scary - usually jerking up and down - and missed our floor completely once. I was in the elevator alone when it went up to my floor, did not open the doors, and returned to the first floor. My husband said it opened to one of the floors and it was partly on the floor below. One morning, we waited for 15 minutes for the elevator, so we decided to take the stairs (only 11 flights down). We saw many other guests walking the stairs and even saw a couple of older gentlemen with their large suitcases coming down from the 19th floor!The rooms were ok, the housekeeper did a good job of cleaning everyday, but I agree that the drains were slow and the bathrooms could use some updating. Not the best place if you like to hang out in your room. The casino is a typical downtown place - no thrills - a lot of machines. I will not be staying at the Fitz again, I would rather pay extra to stay somewhere else.	
Mar 8 2008 	great Fremont St experience	This was our first time staying downtown but it certainly isn't going to be the last. We just booked another trip(again at the Fitz) June 22-29. With all the hype I read on here, I was a bit apprehensive about the elevators but we never had a bit of trouble with them and we were on the 35th floor. They were a bit small but given the age of the building--go figure. Our check in was smooth and all of the service we received was excellent. We really enjoyed the breakfast buffett's. The choices were somewhat limited but then again, it's not the Strip. Killer food, though. We probably were the most impressed about the $$$ we saved eating, shopping--just everything. We still do the Strip via the Duece a few times but all in all, Fremont St and the Fitz works for us. Good comps,too, and several in the mail after our return.	
Mar 2 2008 	The Country Legends show was excellent.	The room was very nice, the staff very helpful and friendly.The food was great. We will be returning next year to the Fitz.	
Feb 29 2008 	Not Secure Parking	I used valet parking thinking it would be a safe area in which my vehicle would be left. My car was broken into by way of the driver side window and a valuable item stolen. I later discovered my vehicle had been parked in an area not covered by video surveillance even though the hotel was not busy. The valet attendant could remember to ask me specifically about the item stolen when I went to retrieve my vehicle but could not recall what it was when he was questioned by security. The contact numbers I have been given result in a voice mail with no return or another number which gets me only &quot;all circuits are busy&quot;. I have contacted the casino manager but follow up although promised in a week has not been forthcoming in over three weeks. It is now two months since the incident.	
Feb 24 2008 	Downtown ~Well Worth It	I debated staying at the Fitzgeralds Hotel &amp; Casino because I didn't find many reviews on it.I must say after my stay on the Downtown Strip the first time, this was a BIG step up especially when paying the next to cheapest price.Room was clean, view was ok, but could have been better, maybe facing south instead of east. Only issue was because we were in a room near the Freemont Experience, you could hear it, right up until midnight, but considering the show is about 5 minutes max it wasn't bad.Didn't get a king size bed like I wanted but I expected because I was getting there around midnight, that it might be gone.This hotel was clean, the staff were polite and the Courtyard food was good. The location was perfect because it's located at the East end of the Freemont experience and it's a short block to the bus stop to catch The Deuce to the Strip. Also after your done on the strip and brought back, the bus drops you off across the street (two small doors down) from Fitzgeralds. It was a real plus especially if you walked for hours on the strip.Hung out on the 2nd floor and the slots were pretty loose, didn't get a jackpot but came home 2 bills up. :D	
Feb 19 2008 	Just what I expected	I stayed at the Fitz. Feb. 6th thru the 9th 2008. I like to say it is what is. The room was fine as others have stated I would classify it like a Holiday type room. It was cleaned everyday. Yes the rooms could use some updating but overall it was what I thought it would be. I got what I paid for, I was very satisfied. Now unlike others I did not have any issues with the elevators. No real long waiting times.  The service or friendliness of the casino people is what really stood out to me. From the dealers to the bartenders all were outstanding and made me feel welcome. Players Club easy and worth joining. Overall I'd stay here again no complaints. By the way I typically stay on the strip.	
Feb 18 2008 	Another Good Stay At The Fitz	Stayed two nights comped through a mail offer. Was given a corner room on the 18th floor. If you have stayed at Fitzgeralds in the last ten years, you would recognize this room. They have not upgraded for some time, but the room was clean, and in good condition with the exception of a few wear marks on the dresser. The bathroom was spotless, no mold or mildew as some have reported (see attached photos). The carpet was very clean also, walked on it in white socks and did not pick up any dirt. There is a no charge safe in every room. The AC/heater was new, and much quieter than the old ones. I found the bed and pllows comfortable, and slept very well.The rooms are not giant, or fancy, but they are comfortable and quiet. I had no problems with the elevators during my stay. If I was paying, I would probably choose the newly redecorated rooms next door at the Four Queens, but I would have no problem staying at the Fitz again, especially for $0!!	
Feb 15 2008 	Never again!	We stayed here on our first trip to Vegas. The casino was really smokey, and the elevators are SUPER SLOW! The room wasn't too bad except the bathroom. It smelled like urine, and the bathtub was slimy. The sink was slow-draining. The bed and room itself weren't all that bad, they were clean and didn't smell. One thing that kept driving us nuts was that it was either too hot or too cold in the room. I couldn't keep the A/C unit at a comfy medium.	
Feb 9 2008 	Very Inexpensive	It is an exteremely cheap Las Vegas which is more suited for elderly people. Young people should not stay there, Vegas downtown area is extremely boring and very much dated. The hotel itself is quite nice for few nights stay with lots of restaurants, even Macdonalds could be found there! Very much dated csino and taht's it! Nothing else. The room was spacious and very nice, but my goodness, we stayed on the top floor (34) and it took 10 minutes to get down or up with only 3 lifts working which stop at each floor. I would give Fitz 2,5 stars, not more. The rate was really attractive. 90 dollars a night for 2 King beds! Were could you find a better rate. Really inexpensive!	
Feb 3 2008 	Mold Mold Mold	Nothing about this hotel is good except the price. There was mold EVERYWHERE in the bathroom. The sink took hours to drain even after we took the stopper out. There was rust stains on the floor under the sink. The shower pulsed scalding hot, freezing cold, scalding hot, freezing cold. The beds were like a pile of springs with a sheet over them. There was no internet access; I had to take my laptop to the Krispy Kreme store on the first floor, sit with it on my lap, and tell the clerk to turn on the router in order to access the internet. Since I was traveling for work, this was a HUGE problem. I was there 2 nights. The website says &quot;newly remodeled&quot; but I saw nothing either new or remodeled anywhere in this place. When I complained about the dirty room, the front desk clerk replied, &quot;And you stayed here this long?&quot; They did nothing to accommodate my displeasure. Staff seemed annoyed with me for even mentioning it. Do yourself a favor -- pay the extra few bucks to stay anywhere but Fitzgerald's. I would not stay there for free.	
Jan 25 2008 	B-day at the Fitz	Well, this was to be a special birhtday trip and we arrived from California 3 hrs late.....so at check in I was tired and when I asked if they recvd my request they said no, so I asked if they had any comp upgraqdes..... NO and I asked if they could provide a fridge and they said it would be awhile....To my surprise the room was smaller than what I have had there before and the carpet was dirty.We decided to get ready for a nite out and the sink was clogged after just washing my face then my sister took a shower and the drain was slow.The Gambling here is full of action and we even won a couple of times. we used the coupons that were given in the bar and we had fun....We ate at the courtyard Grill and Kat was a great waitress, my sister told her it was my b-day and she brought me a free strawberry cheesecake and they sang me Happy Birhtday....Overall I dont know if I will stay here again..... we stayed here 2 nights and I think the rooms could have been upgraded, but they didnt offer when I suggested it. and it seemed that the front desk was cranky....But i will definitly gamble here and eat here again.!!!!	
Jan 20 2008 	Great and Great Value	We stayed at The Fitz for the second year in a row. Both times, all the staff were very friendly, the food in the restaurant was good (and cheap!) and the room was fine. It's not a fancy hotel, but it's clean, and a great value in Las Vegas. If you don't have a car, &quot;The Deuce&quot; stops nearby, and can be taken to the strip for $2 per ride or $5 for unlimited riding for a 24 hour period. The internet connection in our room wasn't very good (and there was an extra fee from a non-Fitz company), but supposedly there is free internet in the Krispy Kreme donut shop in the casino (if you can find a table). We enjoyed both stays at The Fitz, and will probably stay there again next year if we return to Las Vegas.	
Jan 13 2008	Great Time At the Fitz	Great Stay..we got two rooms...both were connecting..worked out great..check in was easy...able to check in at 8am...with no problems..Staff was friendly...would stay there again ...the rooms were nice..no smell of smoke...(stayed in no smoking rooms)..the rooms and the bath rooms were quite large.	
Dec 18 2007 	Good on a budget	When you book this hotel you have to understand this is not a five star hotel. This was our second time stayin at the fitz. Our first time was last year in October we had a corner room with a great view room was o.k nothing fancy but not worth $100 a night for a weekend rate. This trip we requested the same room but did not get it they gave us a corner room on the opposite side with very little view. The room had a king bed, the bathroom had a jucuzzi tub that worked o.k but the shower was horrible not to bad of water pressure but out of nowhere it would get burning hot than ice cold which was very frustrating. The other bathroom problems was the sink drain was very slow. My friends had a problem with the elevator door opening up in between floors and other people said they had problems to but we didn't have any problems with the elevators they do seem to ride a little rough. We ate at the court yard grill/buffet but the buffet was closed until after christmas so you had to order from the grill I had prime rib special 8oz with baked potato, salad and veggie for $8.95 it was good my wife had a new york strip dinner cooked well done but was burnt on one side. They comped one night so for a 3 night say was $95 dollars so overall this hotel is not perfect and you should know that going in but the staff is very nice top to bottom.	
Dec 16 2007	Had a great time at the Fitz December 6 to 13 2007	We enjoyed our stay at the Fitz. When I booked, I asked for a room on a higher floor and away from the Fremont Street Experience. We got room 3236 facing west with a view of the downtown casinos. It was a good-sized room, clean, comfortable with a large bathroom, a safe, coffeemaker and iron/ironing board. Since we were staying for a week I also requested a fridge, which was delivered the same day. We did experience problems with the plumbing once, and maintenance came minutes after I called. The room could use new carpeting and new sink fixtures, the shower had good water pressure. We had no problems with the elevators, even when the hotel was full. Service was very good. The staff (registration desk, card club personnel and cocktail waitresses were very friendly. Whenever I called the front desk the phone was quickly answered. The card club offered items for joining and comps which we applied to the room cost, as well as cash rewards. Room rates were great - $340 for a week and that was for a busy time -- rodeo days. There is a 24 hour McDonald's if you want a quick bite to eat. We did not eat in the restaurant/buffet after reading the trip reports complaining about the food. But there are many restaurants nearby. I recommend Golden Gate, Las Vegas Club and Lanai at the Fremont. If you plan to go shopping or to the Strip it is a short walk to the bus depot. There was plenty of entertainment on Fremont Street.Note - it costs $7 to $8 for a shuttle to or from the airport. It took us an hour to get from the airport to downtown, because the shuttle dropped people off at hotels on the strip first. To take a taxi to the airport was $28 (not including the tip).	
Nov 25 2007 	getting shabby	The good news is that when we rported something awful on the underside of the bedspread they came for a look and stripped both beds. The bad news is it was a glodb of poop, that had hardened.Also the blanket had five burnt cigarrette burns in it. No we would never go back there.	
Nov 22 2007 	Best comps	I booked my birthday trip to Vegas with USAir vacations for $357.10. Flight, hotel and transfers for 1 person. The flights were on time and nothing special. The hotel was great. I have stayed on the strip and this was better to me. The front desk was fast and even had the requests I made 2 weeks earlier in my reservation. The room was on the 33rd floor overlooking downtown and the Freemont Street Experience. It had everything I needed to rest during the day and catch a nap at night. *** If you are a light sleeper and go to bed before midnight do not stay near the Freemont Street Experience****. Even up on the 33rd floor I could hear everything going on down in the plaza. The elevators were not slow as some had stated in their reviews. In fact my ears popped every time I went up or down they were so fast. The pit bosses remembered my name as well as most of the dealers. This really made me feel good. The food was good and the slots were alot of fun. They even took the time one morning when it was very slow to show me the finer points of roulette and craps. These were two games I had never played before but now I will. I am looking forward to finding another great deal in the spring. I would also recommend joining the slot club of any hotel where you plan to gamble. When I checked out after 4 days of eating and souvenier shopping I had no bill at all. They rate you at every table game as well as slots.	
Nov 11 2007 	Okay - but not great	Just back from Vegas, stayed 4 nights at the Main Street then over to the Fitz for two, we were on the third floor, I would say that the rooms are going down hill, not that clean, the bedding is terrible, the sheets are paper thin and they put a flat on the mattress which does not stay on. Very tired and old, needs remodelling.The bathtowels are like paper and they only give you one each, dispute asking for more.Also they charge $30.00 to your credit card per night (for what I do not know) and they you are credited. They also charge $1.00 for local calls.The mattress was hard - sore back in the morning. The a/c was okay but I do not think it would that great during the summer months.Did not gamble there much at all, too smokey, no waitresses to be found for miles.It's okay if you are only want a place to crash for the night. But the Main Street is 100% better.CHEERS!	
Nov 10 2007 	Can't beat the Fitz	Stayed on the 34th floor. The place was clean and looked good. There were no issues with hot water or slow elevators as previous people have posted. Plus the hotel was full! The employees in the hotel and in the casino were eager to please. Sure you can find hotels with thicker towels or softer pillows .... but for the money you can't beat the Fitz.	
Nov 9 2007	Felt right at home!	My husband and I wanted to stay in Las Vegas for our eighth wedding anniversary, but we didn't know which hotel-casino to stay at. We figured we had such a wonderful time at Fitzgeralds in Tunica, Ms ( my husband called this his kingdom) Why not book a room at Fitzgeralds in Vegas! I am so happy we did. We had a great experience in Vegas thanks to Fitzgerald's and it's staff. They were so helpful and polite. Just wanted to say thanks! David and Kathy D. Slidell, La.	
Nov 6 2007	This is a great deal	For the money, this place can't be beat! There were several things this hotel had that many don't : many of the rooms have great views of either the desert, the Strip, mountains or Fremont St; the parking garage is very convenient (but be careful to go slow when going in or out!!!! The turns are pretty tight.); the upstairs gambling is actually good so check it out; I loved the balcony at the upstairs bar; the pool is not the Flamingo but it's nicer than your routine hotel pool. We're staying again in March because it has all of these extra features.	
Oct 12 2007	You get what you paid for	This hotel was just average and some things about the room were below standards than what would be expected even at this price (55-60 dollars/night). First of all, the check in was not very smooth at all. They had a problem finding my reservation even though I had booked it 2 months in advance. It's a good thing I had the paperwork with me or I would have really been in trouble. The room overall was average at best but the biggest problem for me was in the bathroom. First, the towels were thin and small and it's a good thing I was staying by myself b/c it took at least two of them to dry me off (and I'm not that big a person). The shower took a while to get warmed up and was also not very clean looking. There were cracks in the walls and tub and the toilet didn't flush very well either. The bathroom's poor shape is what prevents me from recommending this place.On a more positive note, the staffs and employees were especially nice and the buffet staff was extremely pleasant. I really liked the casino but the sportsbook was a bit of a disappointment. It's a good place to stay for the price but there are some hurdles you must overcome and look past. 2/5 stars	
Sep 19 2007	Fitzgeralds Las Vegas stay	We stay at the Fitz every year around New Years. Our treatment gets better every year. Last year was exceptional. Bill and Shirley Beaty	
Sep 19 2007 	Good Time at Fitzgeralds	We stayed at Fitzgeralds from Sept. 7-11, we were part of a group of 10 . Check in was a breeze, our room was just fine. The elevators were not slow as other posters have stated, the only time there was a wait at all was on Sunday morning when alot of people were checking out. The a/c worked great, it was nice having a safe in the room to put our valuables. Housekeeping was wonderful also. We would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Sep 14 2007	Enjoyable stay	I stayed at fitzgeralds 5-9 september. As always, customer service was first rate. rooms, no problem...ac worked too well.....a little noise from bands playing on freemont street but I requested a low floor so no complaint. elevators were sometimes slow......but no slower than other places i have played.....came home a winner at the casino.........i have stayed at fitzgeralds last 5 trips and plan to again.	
Sep 11 2007 	Our Stay at "The Fitz"	We stayed at &quot;The Fitz&quot; 9/6 - 9/10. It seems they are getting away from the Irish theme and Fitzgerald's and trying to rebrand themselves &quot;The Fitz&quot;. This is a very basic budget Hotel &amp; Casino. We had a nonsmoking double for the weekend. The room was very basic it had 2 beds, a 19&quot; TV, dresser, chairs &amp; table. It was clean, didn't smell of smoke and air conditioning worked great. There was a small closet with a safe, iron, &amp; ironing board. The safe had a key instead of the newer electronic type, but there was no charge to use it so I can't really complain. The bathroom was good size, it had a big vanity, hair dryer and your basic shampoo, soap &amp; towels. There was some mildew on the shower ceiling and the faucet leaked, but the water pressure was good and there was plenty of hot water. The staff was friendly and helpful. Check in was quick, they give you a coupon book at check in that had some free drinks and match play coupons. The elevators worked fine for me. All were working and there was never more than a minute or 2 wait. This could be because l wasn't using them at peak times. I did hear others complaining about the wait. They have free valet parking and it was a nice perk and I made use of it every chance I got. We never used the Pool, but I did take a look and it was pretty basic just like the Hotel. It was in kind of an odd spot right next to the valet drive through. I would say overall we had a nice stay at a budget friendly hotel.	
Sep 10 2007 	OK for the price	The stay was OK for the price. My husband and I pretty much enjoyed our first visit to Vegas. The hotel was like any other hotel for the same price. We spent alot of time in the room and didn't have much to complain about. The view was great! The hotel staff were super friendly and I enjoyed communicating with them. The staff at the front desk were very helpful. We won't have a problem staying there again.	
Sep 4 2007	The Fitz is ok for the price	Stayed at the Fitz for four nights last week of August 2007. This was my first downtown experience. There are plus and minuses at this property that was supposedly renovated a few years ago. My room was on the 24th floor with a fair northly view. Although the room was supposedly non-smoking there is some tobacco smell (perhaps coming from the floor below?) but it's not strong. The room is good sized, bedding and towels clean, two queen sized beds were rather firm and the mattresses seem new. No bedbugs. I could not tell if the carpeting had been recently steam cleaned because it was a dark shade (chocolate) but walking on it with bare feet was ok. The carpeting is coming up in spots. There is a secure wall safe w/key (no deposit), a hair dryer, and iron/ironing borad. The room lighting is adequate but one ceiling light needed a new bulb. The television is ok but the choice of channels is limited. Closet space good. Furniture is ok and not worn. The bathroom was clean and there is plenty of counterspace for personal toiletries. The hotel provides your basic soap and shampoo and these were adequate. Lack of an exhaust fan means that moisture will remain on the walls and ceiling, which in turn means mold. Just abit of mold above the shower. A serious problem is the shower curtain. Some idiot did not include a plastic curtain to go with the fabric one which means water on the floor every time I used the shower. I had to use a bath towel to sop up water. One good slip on the floor and you can say lawsuit! The shower faucet had a leak (waste of water). Unlike other hotels in Las Vegas the Fitz does not seem ecology minded (they don't ask guests to conserve water and reuse towels). The air conditioner was fine and not too noisy and does help cover some of the music from the Fremont Experience. The Fitz badly needs window washing. The exterior corridors are clean with less wear or wall marks than I have seen at some upscale hotels including the Luxor. Major problem is the elevators. Only three of the four were in operation and a few times I waited for 10 minutes for one. This could be a big problem in a medical emergency (there are separate service elevators not accessible to the public). The hotel itself is clean and fairly easy to navigate. The casino seems easily accessible for those who are handicapped (not so in certain other hotels). Directional signage could be improved. One good thing is that the hotel/casino is not so big that one spends 20 minutes getting to a restaurant. There are some entertainment options that I did not partake. The buffet is closed until later in Sept. The restaurant does not have a huge selection or variety on the menu but it 's not too expensive and the portions are large. My one big complaint is that sometimes noise from renovations in the buffet area can interfere with eating (why not give some discounts for the trouble). Oh yes. This is not a 24 hour restaurant except on weekends; other times there is McDonalds. The steakhouse looks good but I did not try the food (reservations suggested and I suggest dressing up some). The Vue bar has outdoor seating above street level. It has appetizers that come from the restaurant.Customer service is good and staff seem friendlier than at hotels on the Strip. Housekeeping did a good job. I had no problems with check-in or check-out but then there were no lines of people. My overall impression is that the Fitz is ok for the budget minded and especially if one gets a cheap package deal. It is close to the Duece bus stop. I won't comment on the gambling but as nearby gaming options are easily walkable the Fitz has a good location. Fitzgeralds compares in quality to the Riviera but is less expensive. I hope they add some elevators, and please, get a good shower curtain!	
Sep 2 2007 	Overall "great"	I have stayed downtown Vegas for at least the last 10 years. First it was Lady Luck, then when it became run-down, I chose to try Fitzgeralds. Been going there ever since. I recommend this property to anyone who goes to Vegas to gamble and walk to other casinos. If it was a honeymooner, or first time young person they belong on the strip. I don't need the BIG casinos, and I can't walk the distance of the strip like I did years ago. Fitzgeralds has the restaurants, casino, and neat/clean rooms. Everyone whom told about this hotel has stayed there and thought it was great. Being able to walk to other casinos, and feel safe about it, is one of the best things about downtown. We rent a car, travel around, back to Fitzgeralds, and enjoy the Fremont experience. Also, the price is right!	
Aug 31 2007 	Cheap but not comfortable	This is one of the worst budget hotels I have stayed in. Its decorated in a very old fashion way or rather never upgraded since it was built in dunno when. The patterns on the carpet made me really dizzy, the giant air cons were so old and loud, no fridges, beds seems so worn and too bouncy, sinks choke easily plus i can hear the next room when they used their taps! Some of the lightings were also spoilt when we first stepped into the room. Luckily the hotel did send someone to fix it once we asked. But even with all the lights functioning...its still very dark and certainly made me feel very uneasy in the room. Moreover, I was there with my husband but was given a room with two double beds instead of a king bed. I certainedly won't think this is a place for couples to spend time but more for gamblers on a cheap weekend getaway. I guess the only redeeming factor is the view of downtown for rooms on higher levels. Otherwise i just count myself lucky that there are no cockroaches.	
Aug 28 2007 	Great prices and great comps	My husband and I chose this a couple of years ago as our first downtown hotel and have stayed there ever since. The first time we stayed we actually got a suite which was very nice with big bay windows looking out on downtown. Our other stays have been the basic room which was always clean, comfortable with good water pressure.Since the first visit we rarely have paid for a room, they always send us coupons for free nights including three free nights over New Years! It was such a great package including wrist bands for the concerts and free drinks at any of their bars all weekend long! They added a nice Vue bar that overlooks Freemont which is nice.We live just a 3 hour drive from Vegas so it's nice to be able to pop in for some free long weekends a few times a year. The comps usually cover several free meals too. We gamble the average amount, nothing extravagant. That's what's nice about downtown, inexpensive gambling and good cheap food. I usually hit the strip for one day but like staying downtown where they still take care of the average Joe.	
Aug 6 2007 	3rd rate hotel!	We booked our package thru us airways vacations..we were told that we would get the room by 3pm . We did not get checked in until 6pm ! The room was not updated..the spa bathtub was too loud to use ,the room was hot , the air conditioner was loud and dripped.(our friends had mushrooms growing under their unit!!!) We asked if we could stay 3 more hours in our room since we didn't get checked in till 6pm and after about 30 minutes of arguing with Norma the Mgr. she allowed us to stay till 8pm ...but stated that we had to take the keys to the desk or we would be charged for the night!!!! if you want a verycheap stay in Vegas and just gamble ...this is it!! but if you want a romantic getaway and nice rooms ...don't stay here!!!! too smokey too loud and poor service! last time for me to stay here even if it's comped!!!! trust me book a hotel on the strip MGM,CEASAR&quot;S,TI,etc this hotel really is bargain basement!	
Aug 5 2007 	I Love This Place!!!!	My husband and I stayed at the Fitz for our first downtown adventure, and I highly reccommend it!! Sure, it is not as flashy as many of those on the Strip, but we felt safe, the rooms were neat , clean, water pressure good, water temp hot, and beds great!! What more is important? My husband discovered poker rooms so his trip was great. I found three slot machines that just hit for me!! I'll definitely visit again and encourage my clients to give the Fitz a try also!!	
Aug 1 2007 	Beware: Stay somewhere else!!!!!!!	We stayed at the Fitz July 2007 for our wedding. When we checked in, we found out that we will be charged an extra $30.00 a day for &quot;security deposits&quot;. We told the manager that we were unaware of thisand he said that we were told when we made our reservation. This is not true, being on a budget, we would remember this important information. I asked my other guests about this and they were all unaware. This is only the begining. We had requested months in advance if we can all be on the same floor, they scattered us everywhere, at least 2 floors between us, not 1 guest was on the samefloor with us. My mother was given a room that was still occupied with hotel guests. This made me angry since they have a computer in front of their faces to know if a room is vacant or not. We had to change our room also. My new brother in-law had water and a/c problems. A tech came to work on his a/c, cutting his hand and bleeding everywhere. My maid of honor had water problems and my father had problems with his hotel key, he was switched to another room as well. These were most of the major probles we had, many more had accured. Do you think we received an apology from the manager? Nohe just stood there raising his voice at us like we were children. This was unacceptable behavior for customer service, i know because i've worked in customer service for many years and know that i shouldalways make guests feel welcomed. I do not reccomand anyone staying at the Fitz. PLEASE STAY ELSEWHERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Jul 28 2007 	Really Gone Downhill!	We have stayed at the Fitz many times. It has always been a basic, clean hotel for the money. We love downtown and usually stay here or the Golden Nugget depending on the rates. This year we chose Fitzgerald's and what a mistake that was! It was the worst experience we've had there in the half dozen times we've stayed. Very long line for check-in...didn't seem very organized. Got to our room on the 17th floor and the a/c was not working properly. Long story short, we had to move twice before I had to call a manager and demand a room with an a/c unit that worked. My husband said they were timed out to shut down after so many minutes...a money saving tactic. Mind you, this was June in Vegas!!! On top of that, the maintance man they sent to the first room tried to make us believe it was just too hot outside to cool the room!So I guess every single hotel room in Vegas is sweltering in the summer there?!? Basically all the staff we dealt with during this issue made us feel as if we were &quot;complainers&quot;, which I most certainly am not! It had to have been at least 82 degrees in that room!We will never stay at Fitzgerald's again and will stay at the Nugget or one of the other downtown hotels. What a shame that the place has deteriorated so much.	
Jul 26 2007 	Old	This place is old and impersonal. The beds are not comfortable. The conspicuious security presence makes one feel uneasy. If you really need to stay downtown, and there really is no need to, stay at the luxurious Golden Nugget for a few bucks more.	
Jul 25 2007	downtown Las Vegas	was in vegas July 10,2007 and for the first time stayed at Fitzgeralds&quot;s downtown. For the money it was fine. Had a descent pool (but in a strange location almost in a parking lot). It was fineand very uncrowded. Rooms were good size and clean. The elevators arestill a problem but if not going to your room often you can live withit. The high floors have a great view but if your sick of waiting foran elevator ask for lower floor. Good place to gamble...dealers very friendly. Food not too great but lots of good places near by. Deli atBinions and buffet at Main Street Station for example. Very good place for the money. Golden Nugget is the premier place downtown if you shell out the extra bucks Go see the pool at Nugget...awsome	
Jul 19 2007 	the fitzgeralds is ok	I just stayed at the fitzgeralds july 15 thur the 17,I was worried with all the bad reviews I had read. everthing was just fine we stayed on the 34th floor and the rooms were very nice and clean and did not smell, the elevators worked just fine never had to wait more then a few minutes,the only thing we didnt like was where the pool was you had to walk through the casino to get to the pool,but once you got there the pool area was very nice.I have stayed all over vegas in the last 25 years you are right downtown and can walk all over which I loved.,I never ate at the fitzgeralds but I like eating at golden nugget buffet and tony romas.No it isnt the most beautiful casino but for the price you pay for a room you cant go wrong.KK	
Jul 16 2007 	Attitude is Everything	I absolutely love Vegas,and I had never stayed Downtown, so when we got such a great price for flight and room from Boston we thought we'd give it a go. I would definitely stay Downtown again , but I would probably pick another property. I think 30-50 minutes for the elevator was just too much.Plus because most of the elevators were broken,people kept trying to cram in. We checked out the day the elevator fell, but were told to do it again 2 days later, that was the package deal.I thought the Fitz might contact us about our problem, but they didn't. On the bright side, Fremont Street is a blast,everything is less expensive in this area,and there is plenty to see and do.	
Jul 9 2007 	Horrible 	We just came back from Vegas and our stay at the Fitz was TERRIBLE. The rooms were very smelly, the carpet was so bad that you bet not put your feet on the ground. The showers had a foul smell, we had to wait 45 minutes to catch an elevator (every day we was there). While we were there the elevator dropped. All the employees were telling us to be careful because they had just had a crash on the elevator causing injuries to several of the people that was on the elevator. The front desk staff was very rude. We were there for 3 nights and 4 days and it was the worst hotel experience I have ever had. Molly's buffet that they advertise was under renovation, but they don't tell you that when you are booking the rooms. I will never stay at the hotel again. There were 22 of us that went, we reserved 10 rooms and all of the rooms were HORRIBLE.	
Jul 8 2007 	Continuing Elevator Problems	Stayed from 4-7 Jul 07. 3 out of 4 elevators were operational andcould not handle the people. We had to use emergency stairs on two occasions. This is a continuing problem at Fitzgeralds.It would appear that Fitz's mgt would get this corrected so folkscan be playing in the casino rather then spending time waiting for elevators.	
Jun 30 2007 	Bad Experience	We had a bad experience, we were at Fitzgeralds in 2003 so decided to spend one of the nights there on this vacaton, June, 2007. We checked into our room which took an hour and half we were fifth in line. After receiving our key and room number couldn't get up to it because two of the elevators were not working. We kept waiting and waiting but they were full by the time they got to us. When one of the security people saw we were not to happy he took us up the freight elevator which smelled like sour food and urine. Got to the room only to find the dirty rugs, broken toilet seat overall a dirty room. So we decided we could try it for the one night that we had and decided to go back down, which didn't happen. Couldn't get an elevator and couldn't find anyone to help us go down in the freight elevator. So with screws in my ankle and my husband which has some physical problems we proceided to go down nine flights of stairs which may have been easy for some but we are seniors with problems. By the time we got down the nine flights of stairway we decided enough was enough and returned to the desk and couldn't get our money refunded to our credit card, so will have to get our bank to proceed with that part of it. We were not the only people that day that was upset, so we had to spend a few hours looking for a hotel that had a vacancy. Which we did, Holiday Inn Express on the outskirts of Vegas. Rooms clean and beds comfortable so at least we were able to finish our vacation on the upbeat. The old Fitzgeralds does not exist any more, it has become a shabby, dirty hotel with employee problems. Don't spend you time and money there it is a waste. They need a major overhaul to clean things up and get it back in order if and when that happens which I will be surprised if that happens. Name of the game, get as much money with as little out lay as possible.	
Jun 29 2007	Worst Ever!!!!	I have stayed at the Fitzgerald on several occasions in the past seven years. When I go I take into consideration the age of the establishment and overlook the small problems I have encurred. But, this time was totally the worst hotel experience I have ever experienced in my lifetime. Arriving Sunday, June 24, 2007, there were three of us traveling together, so I had booked two rooms. They showed only one room for three people. (These were pre-paid rooms through a travel agency) Luckly, they had extra rooms, but I had to pay again since they showed no record of the second room. In all the times I had been this seemed to have been the busiest time ever. The elevators weren't working properly and they took us along with others up to our rooms through the service elevators. There were two elevators that were not working. One of which I found out later was due to impatient guest who over loaded it and it fail and engered three people who we heard on the evening news went to the hospital.Monday and Tuesday seemed more pleasant until 1:30am Wednesday morning when someone in my party went to take a shower and due to the forceful water pressure the shower head blew off and hit them flooding the bathroom floor. We had rec'd notice the water would be turned off between the hours of 2:00am and 4:00am Wednesday morning. The shower head incident occurred prior to the time. But, after that time about 5:30am I heard a drip, drip, drip, and got up to investigate and found that the faucet to the vanity sink was running and even throuh the stopper was not closed the sink had filled up and was overflowing onto the bathroom floor. (I'm sure this probaly was due to the excessive water pressure when the water was turned back on.) When maintenance was called we were told they would be right up. (Ya, right!!! 3.5 hrs later). One of the people in my party had to come to my room to shower.When we checked out we spoke to the manager who absolutelyshowed no empathy , but offered to buy us lunch. (We had just had breakfast and were checking out. Useless!!!) Throughout our stay we over heard several other guest complaining about various things and the employee that they vented to always had an &quot;OH WELL&quot; this happens all the time type of response.The Fitzgerald Hotel &amp; Casino just lost three guest and really don't seem to care. It seems odd to me that most of the older Hotels &amp; Casino's have remodeled or done some upgrades in some way or another, except for the Fitzgerald.	
Jun 27 2007 	Cheap and it shows	We arrived early and our room was not ready. The lady at the desk went ahead and checked us in, but said that we would have to return to pick up a key. I asked for a room on a high floor and away from the freemont experience as I had read other reviews that said that was the best, and of course we were told that none were available. Our room was on the fifth floor right on the corner, with the rainbow right under our window. The room was not the cleanest and the furniture was old and worn. The noise was a bit bothersone and the thumping from the bass kept us up at night. The staff was not too friendly, but not rude either. It is a cheap place to stay, and if you are on a budget I guess that it is not horrible. I would not stay here agian.	
Jun 27 2007 	Excellent Vacation!	My husband and I just got back from Las Vegas. We stayed at the Fitz for the first time. This was my first time staying downtown and we absolutely loved it! Yes, the Fitz is old, but considering what you pay to stay there it is perfect. If you are like most people, the room is used to shower, lay your head down for a few hours...and maybe a couple of other things ;) Everybody there was extremely friendly, and you can walk to anywhere on Freemont Street.The only complaint I would have about the hotel is that the elevators can be a bit slow at check in time. It may take a few minutes to get on one, but just be patient, it will come. Overall I definitely would recommend staying at the Fitz.	
Jun 23 2007 	Love Fremont street	Well here I&quot;am again just getting back from, downtown fremont st stay at the Fitzgeralds as always very nice people there everytime I go they always ask what floor do I want this time my room was 3340 very nice veiw,too now for as my winnings!!! 1400 this time, check out my pictures, think those slots know who I&quot;am,, Had a nice week from june 18 to 23-07.	
Jun 18 2007 	Good for the price	If you need a place to stay on Fremont, this is the place. The room was very clean and a great location for the Fremont Street Experience. Reasonably priced and nice stay. If you're looking for a less expensive way to visit Vegas, stay here and take the deuce to the strip. Only $5 for a 24 hour pass. Buffet was good also.	
Jun 4 2007 	The Fitz - decent	The Fitz. First time staying here. I was pleasantly surprised. The rooms could certainly use a refresh but I thought everything else was nice. Rooms - Old furnature plus small full size beds. The Rooms could use a refresh. We were on the 16th floor. Never once heard the music or any noise from fremont street.Hallways - I thought the hallways leading to the rooms were pretty nice. I thought at first WOW this could be nice. But as stated beforethe rooms were average at best with the decour.Parking garage - Make sure your brakes work..Steep ramps.. Casino - I played Video poker and visited the poker room. The casino is not large but had an variety of games. Low stakes and loose slots... Poker room was nice. I only stayed for one tournament. The fitz will surely get a return visit if going on a budget again. For the money it was a bargain. And the gaming was fun. We had a great time playing and hitting the fremont street experience. And we did this in one night... I didn't notice the smoke that everyone seems to say. The casino didn't smell like smoke nor our room.Hallways were nice and clean.	
May 22 2007 	Great Value for the price	Stayed 4 nights at the Fitz from 5/15 to 5/19. We have stayed here previously. The hotel is a good value for what you pay for. It is an older hotel with clean accomodations. We had a corner room with a king size bed on the 18th floor. Elevators were touch and go as far as the waiting time. Staff was very friendly. Would stay there again for the price alone.	
May 2 2007 	Worst Mattresses EVER!	We booked a vacation package and the location of the Fitz sounded like what we were looking for...didn't want to stay on the strip and the Fremont Street Experience was fun. We stayed 4 nights. When we checked in, there were only two employees working the desk and check-in was very slow. We had requested a non-smoking room on the highest possible floor, which we got. We were on the 34th floor and no noise problems. The mattresses, however, were the WORST I have ever slept on! Casino was small and very smokey -- too many penny and nickle machines. Buffet was OK, but not great. Room was fairly clean, but the first morning, there was no coffee in the room, and we never did receive any paper cups in the room. I might stay again, purely for the reasonable cost.	
May 1 2007 	We were impressed!	Myself, husband and 3 children just returned from staying at the Fitz in Las Vegas. Honestly, we were very happy staying there. The Valet was so quick on getting our car each day. We were very impressed.Our room was on the 34th floor looking out towards the city. Absolutely gorgeous. The rooms were very nice, with the beds being totally comfortable. The people at the front desk were very helpful and sweet. The service was so great - and that goes for the restaurant. The kids enjoyed McDonalds and we enjoyed Starbucks. The jaccuzzi was nice and hot, and the pool was very refreshing. I liked that there was a lot of shops in walking distance. We do plan on staying at the Fitzgerald Hotel when we come visit again. The casino was busy, but always an open seat. We do recommend this hotel when trying to find one in Vegas.	
Apr 26 2007 	Stay away!	The room was on the tenth floor overlooking ugly rooftops and the Fremont Street experience. The noise level was barely intolerable allthe time except when the hourly overhead show shook the room! The mattress felt at least 20 years old and springs were in my back. When I turned on the shower, it wouldn't turn off again. The cigarette smoke in the casino was gagging. The staff that greeted me acted like I shouldn't bother them. I doubt I will stay downtown again, but I will NEVER go to The Fitz.	
Apr 17 2007 	Beyond Intollerable!	My reservation was booked online, when we arrived they gave us our key and room #, when we entered the room we found SOMEONE ELSES BELONGINGS, They had given us a key to an ALREADY OCCUPIED ROOM!! The desk clerk said that they had no other rooms and in a while we were finally given an empty room, the floors were dirty and with no fan in the bathroom there was MOLD AND MILDEW on the ceiling! Overall there was not enough staff and to get service there was quite a wait. Unable to find another room we stayed 3 days, by then we were both sick with bad sinus symptoms. As soon as we found another hotel we left, within a day we both began to feel better! I am beside my self I do NOT understand how this hotel has stayed in bussiness. I have posted pics of the floor and ceiling see for your self!	
Mar 27 2007 	unnacceptable experience with the room	I had stayed at the Fitz on a previous trip to Vegas, and found the room to be acceptable. It was functional and clean, with clean being the key factor. That having been said, I thought I would try them again, unfortunately with a much different experience I must say.When I checked in, I just dropped stuff off in the 31st floor room, and headed out without inspecting the room. I wish that I had. When we came in that night, we did not even need to use the toilet, just the sink. The next morning, when we did go in to use the toilet, the toilet still had fecal matter in the bowl from a previous visitor! It did not look like it had been cleaned at all. To top that off, there were suspicious stains on the floor next to the toilet, and there was no shower curtain liner to retain water in the tub. Now, I can understand a room being older and a little worn, frayed carpet, worn our outdated furniture etc, but I think it is 100% all right to expect a clean room. Finding that was disgusting. It made me question how clean any of the room was at that point. To top that off, the staff as a whole is pretty unfriendly. I complained to the manager, who apologized and said that I would be refunded for the room, but it is now a week later and the charge to my card has not been refunded. That will be the last time I stay there. For the price, and what you get, check out other options.	
Mar 24 2007 	First Timer to Vegas	We wanted a cheap hotel for our first visit to vegas and we were not dissapointed with the Fitz. Rooms were comfortable, the view was great. Showers were hot and the elevators were fine. The casino was the best part. We play let it ride and the table stayed at $5 all day and night.The comps were great, after the second day we did not have to pay for a meal. We will be back, sooner than later.	
Mar 19 2007 	great as usual!	Everytime my family and I go to Vegas, we stay at the Fitz. We go to Vegas for the gambling and food, and downtown is the best in our opinion. The gambling is cheap and looser than the strip, and the food is how Vegas used to be. We aren't really impressed by the food at the Fitz--we like the Golden Gate and 4 Queens coffee shops much better. The Golden Nugget's buffet is my favorite.The rooms at the Fitz are large, clean, and cheap. Some of them have been remodeled and are very nice. The others are older but are still a great deal. There can be some nice views since this hotel is the tallest downtown. The elevators are slow--we have experienced that every time at the Fitz. If you're looking for a cheap and clean place with good gambling, then I suggest Fitzgeralds. However, if you're looking for an upscale strip-like resort in the downtown area, check out the Golden Nugget. Although it's 3 times the price of the Fitz, the rooms are very plush and rival those on the strip.	
Mar 13 2007	Fitzgerald's Casino 	Love staying @ The Fitzgerald during my stays in Vegas. It's centrally located downtown and just excellent for my trips. I take my parents regularly, and enjoy each visit more than the last. My Dad's in a w/c and his sights very poor, so being in a safe area is my main concern. He can easily maneuver about the casino, Mcdonald's is there for an easy snack, the staff is helpful, what else could I ask for...... I will ask though, I don't get promo's???I do from the other casino's, but I prefer the &quot;Fitz&quot; I do want to thank the &quot;Fitz' for the handicapped room offered on our last stay 2/28/07 - 3/06/07. It was so helpful.Room's were clean, staff so helpful. Thank you &quot;Fitzgerald's&quot; We'll see you again.	
Mar 7 2007	No fleas on me...	Might be ticks on some of those chicks, but there ain't no fleas on me.... One smell of that place and we were out of there !!Gross	
Mar 6 2007 	Quite pleased with the Fitz...February 26th-March 2	Overall, our experience was quite good. Stayed in room 2133; king size bed was quite comfy; pillows a bit soft, but room/bathroom was clean, and housekeeping did a good job and never attempted to get in our room until we removed the privacy sign. All of the staff were helpful and courteous, except for an older man at the Krispy Creme (a bit nasty) and the woman at Mc Donald's (won't get into what nationality for fear of being accused of discrimination) who waited on us twice and did not understand a bit of English either time. Elevators (4 of them) WERE a bit slow at busy times, but most of the time, they weren't bad. Breakfast buffet was not bad, except for the coffee, which was luke warm. Don B's (formerly Limerick's, I believe) was quite good, and their early bird special was a great deal, as was their salad for 2 (I DO love my salad)!!!! Casino was hot and cold...there were times I couldn't lose, and times I just couldn't win...did well at 4 Queens next door. Would definately stay at the Fitz again...biggest complaint? No ticket redemption machines...you HAD to go to the cashier, and the one on the first level always had 2 or 3 people working, but only one of them was dealing with customers. The others were always doing something else.	
Mar 3 2007 	You could do better.	While there wasn't anything terribly wrong with the hotel, one could do better for much the same price at some of the other locations.Pros: -The rooms were clean...a little old but clean.-The staff was helpful. -You walk right out the door and youre on Freemont.Cons:-You walk right out the door and youre on Freemont...which means that on a weekend with a band you can hear it in your room...very well.-Parking was a pain. Unless you did valet every time you comeback, you had to wind-up a narrow parking garage for at lest 6 stories (first 6 are reserved for valet) before you could find a spot. You then had to take the elevator down to the casino and then walk across the room to board another elevator to take you to your room floor. -The elevators took forever in the morning as everyone was going for breakfast. It can take 10-15 min. for an elevator. The hotel wasn't bad; I just know that you can do better for pretty close to the same price.	
Mar 2 2007	Slow elevators?!Not!	Prior to booking at Fitzgerald's I looked on here for reviews. The key thing I always saw on here was that the elevators were slow as molasses. When I was there over Christmas, I was surprised to find that the elevators were so fast they made my ears pop going up and down.I think what people have to understand is despite there being 4 (or 6? can't remember) elevators, they have to service like 40 floors. What do you want to bet all these people complaining about the slow elevators are riding at the peak times of the day?Yes, the hotel is old, and yes, not all the rooms have been renovated, but you get a lot for what you pay for.I don't think I have ever spent more than $50 a night there, and more common is around $30. It is around the same accross the street at Binions and many of the other downtown hotels.I found our rooms to be not only clean but MORE than acceptable. When I go to Vegas all I want from my room is CLEAN and a shower that works and is clean.If you want a 4 star hotel, then stay in one. If you want a safe, clean, and economical place to stay that is close to everything, then stay at &quot;The Fitz&quot; (or Four Queens, Binion's, etc.).Now if you want to gamble at the hotel you stay at, then I reccomend the 4 Queens for meal comps.	
Feb 28 2007 	Nice stay for the price!!	Just returned from a 3 night stay at Fitzgeralds. People were very friendly and nice, room was nice and clean. The biggest down side is the elevators were slow. Spoke with numerous people who visit once a year and always stay at Fitzgeralds. The location is great and I would stay again. Visited Las Vegas last October and stayed on the strip and preferred the downtown atmosphere over the strip.	
Feb 21 2007	Fitz is okay only	I just returned from a weekend in Vegas and we stayed at Fitzgeralds for three nights. The casino is good, rooms are adequate only, elevators are extremely slow and small. The beds are really hard and pillows are lumpy. On the plus side, we had a corner room and the view was excellent. Also the walk from the elevators to Fremont street was quite short. I think the Fitz's best feature is its small size. I ate at Molly's buffet one morning because I had a coupon, one of the worst buffets I've ever had in my life!	
Feb 17 2007 	stay elsewhere	just back from vegas....stayed 2 nights at the Fitz. The rooms are very old. The beds are hard as rocks. The wallpaper was peeling off the walls. The heater was very loud. On the plus side, the shower had good water pressure. Basically you get what you pay for	
Feb 7 2007	bad stay	There are 70,000 +- folks who need a place to stay twice a year (one week each visit) for the new Furniture Market in Downtown Las Vegas. I have a hard time understanding why Fitzgerald's cannot honor reservations made by myself and others whom set up these reservations months ago for non-smoking rooms and only to find out when we arrive there are none available.I talked to many in our trade and they are of the opinion that the downtown hotels do not want or need our business. We will never make a reservation at a hotel that cannot guarantee non-smoking rooms. The front desk staff at Fitzgerald's basically told us they were sold out and that smoking rooms arent that bad. Other words tough shWell, were gone!!!!!!!!Garry	
Jan 31 2007 	loved the Fitz	My 1st time in Vegas, my husbands 5th. It was wonderful, the stay at the Fitz was great, the staff so friendly, they go out of the way to help. I enjoyed the slots especially the Wheel Of Fortune. The food was great. The room was clean and neat. I went to a few other casinos and found out I didn't have to go any further than the Fitz. I wish we could have stayed longer. WE WILL BE BACK!!!!	
Jan 24 2007 	Nice place to stay	We stayed three nights at the Fitzgeralds with many other family members. It was a great place to stay. The downtown is so convenient to walk from place to place. The hotels are older, other than the Nugget, but still nice and safe to be at. The front desk people were very nice as well as the valet man letting us park there for us to unload our bags.We played a few slots but not good luck there. We had better luck at the Four Queens with the Bank Roll slots. Lots of fun! It's a penny machine but won $1,000 on them. Not bad.Then only downside to the Fitz is the bed comfort. Not too good. Like sleeping on boards. But overall, it was a really nice experience.	
Jan 22 2007 	Great for the price	We decided to stay downtown this year and picked the Fitz because that's where my wife's parents would always stay. It's a nice hotel for the money. We were 10th floor facing the west. The hourly shows on Fremont Street were not a concern... slept right through all of it. The only problem we had was with the television which took a while to warm up and get a picture, but other than that, a great time at the Fitz!	
Jan 19 2007 	We're regulars at the Fitz	We have been going to the Fitz for years. The location is great. We love to play the table games because the dealers are so friendly. We had never played anything but black jack when we got brave and tried Let it Ride and Pai Gow. I even got up enough nerve to try Craps. All because their staff makes you feel comfortable. They also reward their regular players with comp rooms and that makes it hard to choose another hotel. The last two times we came, we entered their slot tournament. We had a blast. We also love staying downtown. The Fremont experience is fun. The ability to walk from hotel to hotel is nice and we like the relaxed atmosphere. All in all, it can't be beat.	
Jan 18 2007	Okay for the $ but won't do it again	We arrived after midnight and were told that no more non-smoking rooms were available. So we wound up with a room stinking of stale cigarette smoke. The room itself was okay...carpets a little frayed and the drains were slow, but it was clean. The heating unit was really LOUD, and there was not enough heat, which was important since the temps went down to low 30s and high 20s at night during our stay.The casino is too smokey and drafty to enjoy, and some of the poker and slot machines are very old (coins, not tickets), but they are upgrading. We didn't play much in the casino for those reasons. There are so many other nicer, less smokey casinos on Fremont.Although the hotel and casino have their share of shortcomings, the staff are very, very nice, and it is a friendly place. The shows are truly wonderful and inexpensive. I will go to the Fitz again just to see the shows, especially Steve Connolly's &quot;Spirit of the King&quot; -- a great performance! But I won't be staying there ever again.	
Jan 16 2007 	wonderful time	We have stayed at the Fitz many times, it's like a home away from home. Good food, fun gaming, friendly and helpful staff. Doesn't cost a bundle either! We'd go there any time, and recommend it to anyone.	
Jan 7 2007 	Not Impressed!	We stayed here for one night and we were glad to leave this place. We had informed the hotel that we would be arriving on a 9:00 pm flight on New Year's Eve but when we finally arrived at the hotel we were given a room with two fairly hard double beds even though we had asked for a king bed. For our room we paid $200.00 and we got nothing. We couldn't even take advantage of the coupons the hotel gave because the buffet and everything else were for special things that day. The room was old and had a slightly moldy smell. Every time the furnace went on it woke me up. This hotel boasts about it's wonderful amenities, but none were available to us. There was no point staying in the room because the noise from Freemont Street was so loud. We went to other casinos because this casino had terrible ventilation and was so full of smoke we could barely breathe. On top of that you couldn't go on freemont because it was New Years Eve and no one told us it would be closed due to a private party. You could not even go on the second floor balcony because that was only for radio contest winners. The front desk staff said they were not responsible to inform us since we had not booked with them directly, but I had also called the hotel's 1-800 number and asked if the website I was booking through was reputable and if there would be any problems booking through the website. They assured me it would be fine. What a disappointment this hotel was. Do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else.	
Jan 6 2007 	The best dam casino in downtown Vegas!!	In august 2006 myself,my wife Patricia,my stepdaughter Gillian &amp; ..........oh yah my son-in-law Karl stayed at the &quot;FITZ&quot; and never ever regretted it .  The staff there could not have been any better .The room's were always clean &amp; cool &amp; the beds were always made with fresh linen.Down stairs in the casino the slots were nice &amp; loose. My wife Pat enjoyed playing the slots and she did pretty well.Gillliked the tables &amp; she did very well also$$$. as for Karley well he's a craps man &amp; 1 night he smoked the table$$$$$.( he's thinking about becomming a pro). As for me well I don't want to talk about it.!! So get off that chair folks &amp; book the &quot;FITZ&quot; to-day, &amp; tell them &quot;Karley&quot; sent you. See you at the &quot;FITZ&quot;!!  Bob,Pat, Gill &amp; oh yah ..........&quot;KARLEY&quot;.	
Jan 5 2007 	OK Christmas at the Fitz	We arrived at the Fitz on the evening of 22 Dec. having booked four nights. This was our first ever stay downtown but judging from the reports on Trip Advisor we were confident that there would be no problems and for the most part there weren't any.Travelling with my parents who are in their 70's the front desk staff asked if we wanted rooms near the elevator, being unfamiliar with the layout of the building I declined the proposal and we found ourselves with rooms second and third from the front on the 8th floor. We soon discovered that wasn't such a great idea. Sure there was a bit of thumpa thumpa in our rooms but my wife is a very light sleeper and she didn't lose any sleep over it.. After midnight it was barely noticeable. Travelling in Calif. for a week we returned to the Fitz for our last night in Vegas and took elevator rooms on the 10th floor. There was still a bit of vibration even at the back but again no one lost any sleep over it. We didn't try Limerick's or the Buffet but found the Coffee Shop to be quite satisfactory. Overall, the Fitz is well situated, everything is handy, ie Walgreen's, Deuce, souvenirs, etc. We all gave it a big thumbs up and look forward to visiting again.	
Dec 30 2006 	Pick a high floor!	Fitzgerald's is a great hotel for the price, but pick a high floor and here's why: We originally were on the 6th floor in a corner room. This room was located DIRECTLY ABOVE the Fremont St. Experience. I know we all go to Vegas not to sleep, but if you're tired and it's 2 in the morning, you don't want to hear Kenny Loggins crooning in your ear...that's what happened to us.We requested a higher room the next day and got one on the 21st floor. What a difference! Here were some of the amenities we received on Floor 21 that were not on Floor 6 (besides the quiet!): free newspaper, lighted makeup mirror, hair dryer, data port center. For the money,. the Fitz (high up) is the place!	
Dec 12 2006 	Great hotel questionable housekeeping	Our first trip to Las Vegas we stayed at the Fitzgerald. It was, for the most part, great. We checked in with some of the friendliest hotel staff that I had the pleasure of dealing with. Sandra was hilarious and very helpful. There were only two problems that we encountered on a daily basis. There were three of us staying at the hotel on the 27th floor and the shower dripped all 5 days we were there and the housekeeping couldn't seem to understand that if you have 3 guests in the room, you need towels, coffee etc. for 3 people on a daily basis, not two! We had to call every single day we were there for enough amenities for 3 people. Other than that, the place was clean, well lit, very quiet and the view was spectacular. We felt safe in the lobby, even at 4:00 in the morning when my sister and I were by ourself. We never did get to try Limericks. It was closed and under renos every time we went. The breakfast buffet was fabulous with helpful chefs at two stations to make your fresh omelettes. Prices were reasonable at Molly's and the staff were friendly and on their toes giving good service. Security could be seen almost everywhere you looked. We did not break the bank while we were there but plan on going back to try again this October. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants to stay off the hustle and bustle of the Strip and sit on the balcony with a cold one while watching the Fremont Experience.	
Dec 9 2006 	A decent choice but check out GN Here's why...	Not a bad hotel at all. I'd give it a solid &quot;3 stars. &quot; I got a room on the 16th floor which had some pretty good views of the Strip and surrounding mountains. The room was clean and good sized. The decor was fairly spartan and could use updating. Good sized bathroom with a whirlpool tub for one. One of the least impressive casinos downtown. Although they have a bank of the best nickle videopoker machines I've ever played! They're called something like &quot;video wheel&quot; poker. They're right down from the bell desk against the wall. Bet 20 coins- $1.00. Everytime you get a winning hand the machine allows you to &quot;double down&quot; by picking one of two colors. The wheel spins and if it lands on your color you double your winnings. You can keep trying to double your winnings. Believe me; there's no pattern to which color the wheel lands on, no matter what you think! However, this way, you can make a &quot;killing&quot; (if you're lucky) on a &quot;jacks or better&quot; win, which with every other VP machine simply gives you back your original bet. If you get a &quot;full house&quot; the wheel spins and you have a shot at up to $25,000 in cash. Best thing is ALL these VP machines were &quot;loose&quot; when I played them. If you're good, you can play a very long time on $20.00 dreaming of the spin for the big prize. I got a &quot;full house&quot; three times but when you see the wheel spin and miss the big bucks, that's when you know it's not &quot;random.&quot; Still, it's the best VP I've played in years. I went to all the casinos to see if there was a twenty-five cent version; didn't see any. The dinner buffer was merely fair. Much better ones on Fremont. The best thing about this hotel is that it's right on Fremont St with the &quot;Fremont Experience&quot; right outside the door. No exercise facilities at this hotel. Go two hotels down to Golden Nugget. For $20.00 you can get a day pass to their spa/exercise. You'll feel &quot;rich&quot; surrounded by the elegance of the spa itself. Full use of locker room (stocked with healthy snacks) get a plush robe, etc. It's classy with all the amenities you would find at the 4-5 star hotels on the strip. In fact, this property feels like a Strip resort rather than merely a hotel/casino. If the prices are the same as other hotels, THIS is the place to stay downtown!	
Nov 18 2006	Room 323	Fitzgeralds room 323 was at the end of the hall across from the stairs and just below and adjacent to the Fremont street experience. The room is about 130 away from the elevator. The window view is a ground roof view of the roof and an angle view of the FSE metal cover. Standing on your toes you can see the corner of the Fitzgeralds balcony bar. The Nov. rising sun provides plenty on reading light in the low wattage room. You can hear the bass of the Fremont Street Experience. The sound is not real bothersome to me with the air conditioner and TV on. I did not have a problem sleeping, but most people will be bothered. The stairs next to the room come out on the 1st floor inside the high roller roped off area, but that was not useful to me. I could not find a door to the second floor on the stairs. The rooms above (423 &amp; 523 maybe) on floors 4 &amp; 5 dirextly abone appear to have a curved window in the corner of the room, while 323 does not. Fitzgeralds does not have in room internet access, but does have a public (pay?) room downstairs. I could pick up the free wireless signal from Crispi Kreme on the first floor, but it was too weak for me to use. A signal booster might make it work since the donut shop is directly under the room. The TV has a few more channels than other downtown Vegas hotels, still no favorite premium channels but the channels are:2.KVMY My Network TV3.KVBC  NBC4.C-SPAN  II5.KVVU FOX6.In room KENO7.TBS Atlanta8.KLAS CBS9.Univision Spanish10.PBS KLVX11.WGN Chicago12.USA13.KTNV  ABC14.CNBC15.MSNBC16.ESPN17.CNN18.Fitzgerald Channel20.Hotel Info21.Hotel Info22.LV Tourism Convention23.Classical Radio24.Country Radio25.Rock Radio26.News Radio27.NBC KVBC Channel 3 LV22.There were (3) adult channels that played free around the clock, which was a real surprise. I noticed you could also purchase them, but they were free in this room on channels 37, 38, and 39. There is also a control lockout for parent or wife. The room had a tiny one cup (10 oz) coffee maker in the bathroom. The small tea or coffee bags with a string will work perfect in it if you bring some. Other fixtures: Ironing board, king bed, iron, free key safe, proterra shampoo, conditioner, lotion, facial bar soap, and large oatmeal bath soap, 2 large towels, 2 medium towels, 2 wash cloths, 3 ash trays, ice bowl with 6 cups, 2 coffee cups, 9 coat hangers, complicated alarm radio clock, king bed with 3 pillows, one closet pillow, 4 diameter wood table, 2 chairs, one sofa chair, large 2 drawer dresser, 3 drawer wood entertainment center, (2) one drawer night stands, 3 lamps, 2 trash cans, 3 phone books, phone with $1 per call, Philips 29 regular screen TV/remote, in room movies $10.99 each, smoke detector, fire alarm, 3 fire sprinklers, tissues, 3 mirrors, 2 pictures, tissues, and of course toilet paper and bible. I left $1 in the bible for you. The air conditioner could keep the room extremely cold and the fan noise moving the air was the only loud sound. The room was roughly about 30X17 including the bathroom. Fitzgeralds has no room service, no hair dryer, and only two electric wall plugs. They do have checkout available on the TV. The hall had a $1.50 20 oz drink machine and a free ice machine. Mollys Buffet is minimal selection, but has an omelet chef in morning until 11 AM. Buffet breakfast has 2 boxed cereals, make your toast, hash browns, 2 sausages, milk, 5 juices, sodas, 5 pastries/muffins, 2 scrambled eggs, bacon, minimal fruit, and jelly. Coupons are available for Mollys at check in and at the front door in the evening. The Fremont and Golden Nugget Buffet are larger. Mollys Caf is small but has excellent service and a $9.99 steak &amp; shrimp. The 4 Queens, Golden Nugget, and Horseshoe caf are better. Smoking is still allowed in specific areas the restaurant, but city laws are expected to isolate smokers soon in all LV city restaurants. MacDonalds is downstairs with $1 double cheeseburgers, $1 sundaes, 1$ frys, 2 for $1 pies, $1 spicy chicken burger, and $3.99 big macs.	
Nov 16 2006 	Great Place to Stay Downtown!	Just got back from a 4 night stay at the Fitz. We knew what to expect because it was our third stay there. The location is great! Hotel is clean and comfortable. Four nights free gave us money to spend on other things. There have been several new restaurants opened on Freemont Street, so there is a lot to choose from downtown.	
Oct 27 2006 	Good for Downtown Vegas	It ain't the Jewel of Fremont, but it's fine for downtown. Friendly staff, decent rooms with good views, balcony overlooking FSE, older crowd. Near Neonopolis and Walgreens. Friends staying at other Fremont Street properties nearby said their rooms were ratty, and ours was nicer. I liked it more than my wife did (she prefers the Golden Nugget). My only beef was their old school TV and lack of channels, but who watches much TV in Vegas?Eat elsewhere, though--there's better coffee shop grub at Golden Gate and the Cal, or brew pub fare a couple blocks away at the 777 in Main Street Station.They have a small pool which was not crowded at all.Gaming is okay for a small casino, but very little FPVP, except for a few 10/7DB and FPDW. There is also progressive 8/5 bonus poker at the upstairs bar that seems pretty good depending on the meters--the wife hit a straight flush quarter progressive for $100, for example. Speaking of the upstairs bar, they don't have much in the way of beer selection--Heineken will have to do. Played a little Double Deck BJ, $5 min, 3/2 naturals. I think there was single deck, but not much.I would stay here again.	
Oct 24 2006 	The Reviews were Right!	Check in was a breeze, the very helpful and cheerful young lady at the front desk upgraded us to a corner room with a jacuzzi and king-size bed upon finding out we were there for our 5th anniversary. The room was large and clean with a nice bathroom. The staff was exceptional and all had excellent customer service skills, nice to feel like you're a valued guest. The cafe food was good, though I think we'll skip the buffet next time. The food there was good, but the selection was a bit thin. We are planning on staying at Fitzgeralds whenever we return to Vegas.	
Oct 16 2006 	Good for the price	I have stayed at Fitzgeralds twice, and staying there again in December. I have been to Vegas 3 times a year for the last 9 years, I have stayed on the strip and downtown (cheap, average, and expensive). If youre into gambling, fast drink service, polite people, good prices,and a laid back atmosphere stay downtown. Downtown is a little less flashy and is older than the strip,so if you want brand new, oversized casinos that have ALOT of young people (I'm 30) stay on the strip. Fitzgeralds is a nice casino with a very friendly staff. It is older though I wont lie. The last time I stayed in Vegas, we stayed at the Flamingo and then Fitgeralds, I couldn't wait to get to Fitzgeralds it was refreshing compared to the Flamingo (but thats another story). The rooms at Fitzgeralds were clean, large bathrooms, and comfy beds. Their not suite quality by any means but they are an average hotel room, with a good price. Good Luck and Have Fun!!!!!!!!!!	
Oct 10 2006 	Great Place for First Timers	We stayed here the first week of October, 2 Seniors with 2 adult children. 3 of the 4 were Vegas First Timers. This was the perfect place. Everyone was friendly and helpful. Check in at noon was fast, we were given side by side rooms on the 25th floor with a great western view. The non-smoking rooms were clean and the bathroom was large with great water pressure in the shower. My one requirement was a clean room and I was not disappointed. The casino offered much variety of slots and was small enough that everyone felt comfortable going off on their own knowing we would be able to find each other again. There was a $3 blackjack table during the morning hours. The pool area was small but clean and valet parking was speedy. Everyone loved the downtown area. I would not hesitate to stay here again or recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Oct 3 2006 	Very comfortable stay at the Fitz	My friend and I go to Vegas at least once a year and have stayed on the strip until this year. Some years ago the downtown area seemed run-down and kind of scary. We didn't even go there for many years. Earlier this year I went with my daughter and since this was her first visit we went downtown. We had a wonderful time and to my surprise they are improving almost all of the hotels and casinos, the streets are cleaner and feel safer, some of the old empty warehouses are opening clubs and eaterys, it was the highlight of our trip. I'm so glad I convinced my friend to stay at Fitzgeralds. Yes, it's older and much smaller than some of the fancy shmancy ones on the strip but that was fine with us. We had no elevator problems and our room was satisfactory. We had a great view of the mountains from our room on the 27th floor. The other casinos seemed so close compared to the long treks from place to place on the strip. We took the Duece to the strip 3 or 4 times and saw what we wanted to see there and then came back to the laid back atmosphere of the Fitz. I would recommend the Fitz and the downtown area to anyone that just wants to relax and enjoy the &quot;old vegas&quot; experience. If I was still a twenty- something with extra energy (and money) I suppose the strip would be the place to stay, but since those days are long gone, Downtown is where I'll stay from now on.	
Sep 25 2006 	Very Good Value	just got back from las vegas. we spent 2 nights at the Fitzgeralds Casino &amp; Hotel. it was a very good stay. the check in was very fast, no lines at all. the elevetors are not slow at all. we did not wait more than 2 mins for each time we had to go up or down. our room was at the 25th floor. even though it was on the opposite side of the street we had a great view of the mountains and the city- especially at night. the room was very clean and did not smell of cigarette. the bathroom was very large and clean as well.the pool is ok- nothing spectacular. a little small, but it has a heated jacuzzi. the cool thing is that it is open from 7am to 11pm. it is quite clean and they provide towels.stay away from the buffet- it is cheap (about 7 dollar) but the food is not very good and it does not have a big variety. you'd better spend a few bucks more and go to the next door &quot;paradise buffet&quot; in the fremont hotel and casino which is definetely better and has a lot of better choices.the Fitzgeralds has a good sized casino. it is pretty casual, nothing fancy. you will find mostly locals here. and gambling is WAY cheaper than the strip.it takes about 20 mins to get to the strip by bus and 10 mins by taxi or car. walking to the trip from Fremont street does not look really safe- especially at night.overall we had a good stay- this hotel is a good deal if your traveling on budget.	
Sep 25 2006 	Stayed Sept 21st-24th	I was very nervous to stay at this hotel after I read the reviews that other people left on here. I actually called right after reading the comments to make sure we got a non smoking room. Our room was like any average holiday inn type room. The important thing is that it was clean! yeah! All the staff we spoke with were very courteous. We actually got a room on the end of the hallway so it had a big corner window in the room. We stayed in room 1523. We would definetly stay there again.	
Sep 23 2006	Fitz is not the Ritz but great value for the money!!	Just completed a 4 day stay at the Fitz. First time to stay there, and was rather anxious with all of these posts. I am a seasoned world traveler who likes a bargain. That is what Fitzgeralds is - a bargain. For $36.00 per night I had a clean, comfortable room with a very comfortable mattress, nice bathroom with good water pressure and very hot water. I haven't stayed anywhere that cheap for that quality in 20 years. I read the reviews and wonder what people expect for $36.00 per night??? The money I saved by staying downtown vs. The Strip paid for my entire trip including gambling money. Now that is a bargain.Okay, so there are only 4 elevators and when a large group descends all at once, it may take 5-7 minutes to get an elevator. You wait or take the steps. Not the end of the world. $36.00 per night, remember? Because you are staying Downtown, you are not wed to the hotel. There are many other options Downtown for eating, drinking and gambling, but the Fitz was a great deal, a great location if you want to be Downtown, and the staff was extremely nice from check-in, to waiters/waitresses, valet parking attendants, etc. Valet parking was a breeze. No wait. I recommend it. Give the guy a $2.00 tip and off you go.Didn't swim at the pool, but saw it. An old fashioned square pool next to the parking lot. Nothing fancy, but if you want to get wet, it will accomplish that with no problem.In summary, heck of a bargain. You want value, you get more than you pay for at the Fitz.	
Sep 19 2006	Our favorite place in Vegas	My husband and I go to Las Vegas atleast once a year and we usually stay at the Fitz. We have stayed at many places on the strip but we enjoy the downtown casinos and the Fremont Street Experience better. The staff are great to us we have even got to know some of them by name. The rooms are clean and comfortable and that is all we need. We do go to the strip to see anything new and do some shopping and go to the spa. But when it gets late and you want to go to another casino you do not have to take a cab or walk a mile+ to get back to your hotel. Molly's Buffet is OK. It is rather small compared to many of the buffets in Vegas but for the money you get a good variety.We love the itimacy of it all in a huge city the Fitz makes you feel less intimidated by it all. It has been awhile since we have been to the Fitz but we have plans to be there in October of this year. We were in Vegas in December of a convention and stayed on the strip due to my huband getting a free room. But we went to the Fitz almost every night to see the staff and enjoy the tables.	
Sep 15 2006 	The Fitzgerald was Good to me	I am not sure why these people who write the reviews have so much trouble with everything at the Fritz. This was my second stay there and I can honestly say that it was just as enjoyable this time as the first.Check in was very easy and simple. We got in later in the evening so it wasn't busy. Rooms were just as I remember, two beds, big bathroom, air conditioning was on so the room was nice and cool. The showers are some of the best with very hot water and very good water pressure. No problems in my room, as others have indicate in there reviews trouble with the showers, I haven't noticed it on either of my stays.The first time we stayed we didn't eat at the Fitz for any of our meals with the exception of McD's. This time we ate twice at Molly's Buffet for breakfast. Others say it is bad. I thought it was good. Made to order omellets or eggs however you want them. Fresh fruit, cereal, hot breakfast meats, pastries, and your choice of beverages. What more do you want for a mear $7.00? Try going to the strip for breakfast on $7.00. Any buffet down on the strip is more like double what you pay here.The casino is fantastic for payoffs on slots. I played a lot of slots and more times than not cashed out ahead. The slot attendents were always around to help with change or whatever. The cocktail waitresses were always coming by. I don't think I ever waited more than 5-10 minutes for a drink while playing the slots or table games. The table dealers are pretty friendly. They make it fun to play there.Cabs to the strip are a bit spendy, but if you don't want to cab it, take the Duece double decker bus that comes by. For $5 you can ride for 24 hours anywhere from downtown to the end of the strip.I would definitely stay here again....Over all, another good stay at the Fitzgeralds.	
Sep 14 2006	The FITZ Rocked!!!!	This was our 3rd trip to Vegas and our first time downtown. We absolutley loved it and will not stay on the strip again. We were skeptical about staying downtown, but I am glad we did. The Fitz was awesome. The staff was friendly and helpful. There was an issue with the air conditioner, but it was resolved quickly. That is the only negative thing I can say about the Fitz. The poker room was fabulous. We loved the dealers and pitt boss...HI MIKE!!!. The food was good and cheap, and there was a great selection of slots to choose from. We will definetely be back next year.	
Sep 12 2006 	Love the FITZ	Staff is the best. They make you feel at home. Yea the FITZ is older, smells like smoke, booze and cheap women... but that is what Vegas is all about. If you don't like old Vegas, stay on the Strip or better yet vacation at a spa with the rest of the tree huggers and PETA girls. I will choose a good cigar, cold beer and 24hr action anytime. What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas..... If you don't like it stay home... If you do , come party with me in Oct. I'll be back at the FITZ.	
Sep 8 2006 	Loved our stay	We are frequent guests at the Fitzgerald. We've always been pleased by the accomdations. On our last stay, the staff was particularly attentive. The rooms are average, but they've always been clean and the housekeeping staff is willing to cater to our needs. I must say though, on past stays, some of the floor staff, the bartenders in particular, were very rude. But the wait staff was very good, bringing our drinks on a farily regular basis. When staying downtown, we will stay at the Fitz again.	
Sep 6 2006 	Beware of the Fitzgerald Hotel in Las Vegas NV. They have problems	We had stayed at the Fitzgerald Hotel 3 times before this visit. It was a nghtmare this time. Don't know what has happened there. There was rudeness that started before we even arrived when we tried to get some info from guest services because I am handicapped and in a wheelchair. When we arrived they had our room totally not as requested, then changed us to a room that had no refridgerater in it, less towels and wash clothes than were needed and as we were only staying minus flying time 2 days, waiting to try to get what we needed took up most of our 1'st day. Our air conditioner did not work and it was over 100 degrees there. I had reserved and arranged and paid for my disabled father and mother in law and their room was not handicapped and they had the wrong kind of bed requirement as we did. The only friendly people were the ones in the restaurants inside the hotel. Staff on the second floor of the casino at one point were not to be found and it was not busy there. It has definitely gone very downhill since our last visits and all of them were in the last year. Will not stay again there, nor gamble there again. Also shower water was cold and housekeeping entered our room while we were in there without even knocking, and there was a doorbell outside our room. So steer clear of there if you can! It spoiled our trip there and this was our son's graduation present, whom was a Special Ed student that should have been fun, but we spent too much time, trying to get needs met and could not see all that he wanted to see. We were told they would try to change our room the next day, but never happened and then they messed up our billing and we had to spend time getting that straightened out. In fact it was so bad and can be a little harder trying to travel with a wheelchair that it has caused me to reconsider travleling again, as it is expensive all way round as we flew from Michigan, 1800 miles, not to run into a problem every time we turned around at the hotel!	
Aug 31 2006	rude staff dirty rooms	We booked a great travel package so stayed at the Fitz. The first room we got was smoking and walls, blankets and rugs were dirty and had cigarette burns and smelled terrible so we asked to be moved to a nonsmoking room. This room was cleaner, still old looking but for the price wasn't bad. We put our luggage in the room and came back in three hours. We tried our key and it wouldn't work. I went to the front desk and she told us we had the wrong room (we had an envelope with the room number written on it and our friends were staying in the room she said was ours). They had given our room to another couple. After much discussion with the woman at the desk, another desk person came over and fixed this mistake. The first woman was rude and said that I was lying about what room was mine! She said to go back to that room and see if my luggage was in fact there. It was and she didn't even apologize. On the third morning at 3 am, the fire alarm went off. We went down 29 flights! When we got down, no one bothered to let us know what was going on. I felt that someone should at least have been at the bottom of the stairs to let us know. On the other hand, we had lost luggage and the bell desk person was super friendly! I would not stay here again as it is old and dirty but mainly because of how we were treated by the staff. S Small, Vt.	
Aug 22 2006 	Dirty....but expected.	I made sure to read other reviewer's comments on this hotel and they were not proved wrong. Fitzgeralds is kinda stinky, lacking amenities, the elevators are sloooooooow (imagine stopping EVERY floor for 32 floors) and don't even bother with the pool. Here's the thing, though: you get what you pay for. It isn't expensive to stay here, and it's just a skip away (literally) from the Fremont Street Experience. You're not paying for a boring, subpar room (and they ALL are unless you're VIP) in an overpriced hotel on the strip. The only disadvantage to staying downtown is that you will invariably want to visit the strip, and it's about a $15 cab ride to get you there. If you make sure to get a room on a high floor you will avoid all street noise. The beds are average. If you've been to Vegas before and don't need to &quot;wow&quot; yourself by paying way too much to stay in basically the same-looking room but a fabulous exterior (which isn't enough in my opinion) try to stay downtown.	
Aug 10 2006 	A great stay at Fitzgeralds	The Casino was pretty much as I remembered it, nothing fancy, typical for Downtown.. Fun book included two for one drink specials, discounts on hotel logo stuff, a little money off on shows. and a $5.00 match play blackjack or roulette, I did the roulette and got $15.00 back. My room was on the 21st floor, out of I think, 34 floors in the hotel. For an extra 10 bucks, I got an upgraded room, as is my custom. Room # 2134. $39.00 plus $10.00 + $49.00 plus tax, so call it $55.00 a night total.. No extra hidden fees but you were warned of a charge for local calls at $1.00 each and even more for long distance. I used my cell phone, good signal strength from Cingular in the room. Checking in and out was no problem. Electronic door lock and 2 keys. No bugs.I had heard complaints about the elevators but I had no problem with them. There were 4 and they moved pretty fast and there was only a reasonable wait time for them. 21st floor hall was in good shape with new carpet in appealing patterns but it had begun to come up at the seams but I guess hauling those heavy baggage carts around will tear any carpet up over time. Ice machine and soft drink vending machine near the elevators.Quiet in the room, no sound from the hall nor from other rooms except some sound of running water in the bathroom. The A/C could be considered loud by some but I am a city boy and not used to the quiet, so for me it was just a little background white noise. Comforting in a way.King sized bed, bedding was fine. 3 pillows plus 2 extras from the shelf in the alcove. Mattress was fine. One could feel the springs through the pad if you worked at it but it was not noticeable when sleeping. The best bed I had so far was at the California, that may have had that memory foam pad, anyway it was a nicer bed than at TI.In the room there was the bed with wall mounted headboard and two night stands, misc. lamps, alarm clock, a small desk and chair, an easy chair on the wall common with the bathroom, a round table and 2 chairs near the window, a dresser and armoire with TV above and drawers below. All in great shape, no sign of wear and everything worked. There was even a shoe buffing machine.Decent sized color TV that got local channels, live Keno and tourist infomercials and CNN. Not a problem because I dont go there to watch TV anyway, just the local weather and later the weather back home. Remote control worked fine.Carpet, a lucky Irish green color, was in good shape, no wear and was clean. General room decor was pleasant. A very few black marks where wall met the luggage carts but not really noticable. Housekeeping staff was efficient but not all spoke English. so there were a few Fawlty Towers moments when the statement that I will be back at a certain time and please be done by then was not always understood.One wall was waist to ceiling windows facing west. You had a view of the hotels nearby with mountains in between., you could just see the time and temperature on top of Binions. That was handy to see how hot it really was. 103 at sundown one day, an hour or so later it had dropped 10 degrees to a bone chilling 93.In late afternoon, with the hot sun on the windows, even with the A/C on high and the black out curtains shut, the A/C struggled to keep it cool. It was not hot but could have been cooler. The curtains blew around a little while the A/C was on.Bathroom was fine, it had a tub and shower, a long marble countertop with one basin. Good stuff in small bottles, about standard, not a name brand but it smelled good. 3 sets of bath towels, hand towels and wash cloths. These were not as soft as at home but nor were they the sand paper you get at a lot of places. Shower as fine, the water pressure was very strong, almost too strong, think fire hose. There was no way to turn down the volume of water. After a while in the shower there was some water built up in the tub. By no means a problem for me. Also, in the bathroom was a coffee maker with 2 cups. ample supply of plastic glasses. A hair dryer that started out mounted on the wall then fell off due to a poor anchor bolt. I reported it and it was fixed promptly. Some un-gluing of wallpaper above the shower, probably due to humidity.No closet, your clothes were on a rod in an alcove on your right as you first walked in. A good number of wooden hangers. Shelf above for other stuff. Also an iron and ironing board.Stout room safe mounted in the wall of the alcove, used a key. The hassle with that was where to put the darn thing. I personally prefer a electronic combo safe for that reason. Internal volume was maybe 14 inches by 12 by 4 deep. Probably as big as the one at TI but smaller than the one at California. Not quite big enough for a full sized lap top, you could probably put 2 large hard cover books side to side, with a little room to spare. No fee to use the safe.The ground level pool was nice but nothing fancy. A rectangle maybe 30 by 20 and 5 feet deep max. A few palm trees but nothing elaborate. Ample plastic loungers and a good supply of towels. No attendant nor life guard but there were cameras. I noticed security ask a couple with 2 small babies not to put them in the pool. Maybe for safety reasons but frankly they did not look housebroken to me. You could call from drink service. Plenty of sun in mid August and I think it would be sunny in all but the coldest months. Pool was a street level with a wall on 3 sides and a fence on the 4th side facing a drive way. Not right on the street, so no problems with people passing by. Your room key opened a gate. There were washrooms nearby accessed with your room key. Pool was open 7:00 am to 11:00 pm. No glass allowed but discrete cans of beer poured into the plastic glasses were fine.	
Aug 8 2006 	Great Place	I have read almost of the reviews and I ask myself is this the same place I stayed !!!!!My wife and I have stayed at the Fitz for the past 3 years and are on our way again to the same place this Aug. We both love it there, it's not that fancy but comfortable. We always have fun and we have decided that downtown is so much easier to get around we do go to the strip in the day but spend most of our nites downtown.I have never had a bad day at the Fritz everyone does a good job to take care of you. Again you get what you pay for but the only time you use your room is when you close your eyes and then they all look the same.Keep up the good Fritz see you in Aug.	
Aug 7 2006	Disappointed traveller of Phoenix Arizona	The hotel was horrible!! staffs were not friendly and we reserved a non smoking room but they said that they dont have one.. The hallways smells stinks and we have to move from one room to another bacause there carpet was soaking wet due to the malfunctioning of their aircondition... we moved to another room the same thing happen.. while staying there the front lobby was leaking with water from the second floor! it is so embarassing my in-laws were disappointed big time!! they could not sleep at all bacause the room was so smelly. Never again staying in that hotel! they need to fix that problem.	
Jul 21 2006	Bad Stay	We arrived on a Friday afternoon. The room was ready for us, looked clean &amp; comfortable. We left for the evening &amp; to connect with friends that were coming in to the same hotel for the Mother's Day weekend. When we got back to our room, my daughter &amp; I both showered but noticed that the tub was not draining. She called housekeeping to report it &amp; was told it would be taken care of the next morning. We got back from our Mother's Day brunch at 2:00 pm to find BLACK SLUDGE all over the ceiling, tub, toilet &amp; floor. (But the tub drained). She again called and talked to housekeeping who assured us that they would have it all cleaned up by the time we got back that night. We arrived back at the room at 2:00 am to find a newly painted ceiling over the tub, but nothing else cleaned in the bathroom. Daughter called housekeeping again, then the front desk, and was offered another room which we refused (what was to say it wouldn't be just as bad), so was assured that the problem would be taken care of first thing in the morning. We left at 10:00 am, returned at 3:00AM, expecting a nice clean bathroom &amp; a nice long shower, only to find the same mess. This time we got a different housekeeping superior who came with a housekeeper within 5 minutes of our call, complete with two gallons of disinfectant &amp; other cleaning supplies. They were shocked to see the condition of the bathroom and immediatly set forth to fix the problem like it should have been done in the first place. When they left, we could have &quot;eaten&quot; off of the floor or any other surface of that room. I wish we would have gotten their names, because they definately should have been rewarded for THEIR excellence. To bad the rest of the housekeeping help wasn't even half as good as them.In all fairness, the sheets &amp; towels were clean. And the McDonalds all night cafe had milk available for me to take my medications with. Also, our friends had no problem with their room. I was in Motel &amp; Resort Management for many years &amp; would never have allowed a customer to go through what we did with Fitz's. And finally, the management never even gave us an apology. Obviously, we will NEVER stay at this place again.	
Jul 19 2006	OK......	My husband and I stayed at the Fitz on July 14th &amp;15th. We have been to vegas many times but never stayed downtown. We normally don't use TA's but we booked our airfare through one and got two nights at the Fitz for mere pennies more. We arrived not expecting much after reading all the reviews on here. Check-in was quick and painless for arriving at 5pm on a Friday. The front desk staff was pleasant. We requested a room on a high floor despite the complaints about the elevators. We got a corner room on the 25th floor. The room was outdated, the bedspreads worn and there was an empty spot above one of the beds where a picure once hung. The bathroom was a nice size with good water pressure. We had an excellent view of the mountains and it was nice to watch the sun come up in the morning. The beds were not very comfortable but after staying out gambling till the wee hours it didn't bother us too much, if we were staying more than two nights it would have really disappointed me. The comments about the elevators were completely true. We waited about ten minutes every time we had to go up to our room. And coming down, we stopped at nearly every floor. Plus, the elevators were hot and because of the long waits, you were often crammed in with a lot of others making for an uncomfortable ride. We used the parking garage and that was a horror as well. The valet takes up the first six floors and maneuvering around is difficult , especially with a bigger car. I'm sure there have been plenty of accidents in there. The pool is small and located next to the parking garage, but it was very clean and uncrowded. Another plus, its open till 11pm, unlike some strip properties. We liked the location, and being downtown, but probably wouldn't stay there again. If you go there not expecting much, you probably won't be disappointed.	
Jul 11 2006	Fitzgeralds - the worst hotel ever	This hotel was horrible, we stayed 3 days due to prepayment and couldn't get a refund. We ended up with 3 different rooms, the first one was a &quot;non-smoking&quot; room and the carpet and all the furniture was burned from cigarettes, the bedspreads were smelly and tattered, room was dirty and the beds were worn out and sunken in the middle with the springs digging into you. The shower wouldn't drain and the toilet wouldn't flush so off to another room, (in the same shape I might add) only to find that afternoon upon returning to the room that the air conditioner wouldn't work, it must have been 120 degrees in there, after a serious fight in the lobby, off to another room. The last morning was the last straw when we woke up to find a roach in the bed and once again the toilet wouldn't flush. We left and went over to the Golden Nugget which was one of the finest hotels I have ever stayed in. After talking to several people, I came to the conclusion that all the rooms were the same as I saw many people complaining about this hotel. I was told by management that since this new man bought the hotel, he has done nothing to update it or spend any money on it.	
Jul 10 2006	for a stag-do hotel this is the Ritz	10 of us went to this Hotel in April of this year for my stag-do.The total package price was very very cheap, and so we didnt expect a lot.However those of us who had been to Vegas and stayed in the strip were very pleased and surprised by what we found downtown.The hotel staff were very friendly, reception extremely helpful when one of our group had his luggage lost by the airline.They were able to add one to the group who flew in seperately to share a room for no extra cost.The rooms were clean, large if a little noisy when trying to sleep at 18.00 (but who does sleeps then!?!?).The casino is nice and cheap and accepting of a group of drunk English lads in silly outfits.The shows are great and everybody just wants to have fun.by English standards this is fine.	
Jun 27 2006	very nice stay	My wife and I spent 4 nights at the Fitz. We found it vey comfortable, and the employees were very helpful. We always stay out all night, and sleep during the day. We NEVER were disturbed by the maids, although they did a great job of cleaning the room as soon as we dragged ourselves out of bed. Other visitors have commented about slow elevators. Not so. We never had more than a 2 minute wait, and we were on floor 17. The wall safes are a great bonus. We made constant use of them.The food was average. Not bad, but not quite the level of some others.Drink service at the casino was very prompt.All in all, we will probably stay there again, especially since they are so reasonably priced.	
Jun 23 2006	Fitzgeralds was Awful	My daughter and I stayed at Fitgeralds on June 2nd and 3rd. We arrived about 11PM and were a bit uncomfortable with the downtown area. Our room was awful! It was on the 9th floor and it was filthy! Unfortunately, we did not realize how bad it was until we were already in our PJs. I thought the sink in the bathroom was just old and dingy - then realized it was filthy - coffee grounds and dirt. I cleaned it and then we went on to other disasters. The sheets were dirty - probably unchanged for the last guests - we found hair and cigarrete burns on the sheets. We also discovered dried blood on the bathroom mirror. The air condtioner was deafening. We woke early planning to get out, but since it was a Saturday night, I was worried that we would pay top dollar for a room at another hotel. I explained the condition of the room at the front desk and recieved an apology and the offer of a new room. We were sent to the 20th floor to a corner room that was clean but very old and in need of updating. Again the air condtioner was very loud. This was a corenr room and would have had a very good view, but the wondows were quite dirty. It was suggested that I stop back to talk to the manager but each time I checked the manager was not avaialbe.Due to the flith, we did not feel comfortable eating at the hotel and just walked through the casino. Fitzgeralds was recommeded by a travel agent who said that her sister had stayed there and was very picky, and she said it was OK. It was not!	
May 29 2006	Stay here!! We loved it!!	We just got back from staying at the Fitz for 3 nights, May25th-28th/06. I highly recommend this hotel, I have been to Vegas three times now and this is the first time staying downtown. LOVED IT!! We were a little worried about it cuz being Canadian, we didn't know about the long weekend until after we booked the trip. But it was great. The staff are casual, friendly and helpful. Just avoid the entrance under the 'pot of gold' unless you want to always be asked about the time shares. The elevators weren't slow at all. When we booked, we asked for a view, king size bed and non-smoking room and were told it may not be possible cuz of the long weekend but at check-in we were pleasantly surprised to get all our requests. Downtown is so much nicer and less packed than the strip. We almost didn't leave at all but since it was my friends first Vegas experience, I had to show him other stuff as well. One thing we did that's new downtown that we highly recommend is the Vintage Vegas Walking Tour. Go to the Las Vegas Gambling Museum in Neonopolis on Fremont. The tour guide, Tim was very friendly and gave us lots of interesting facts about old Vegas (mobsters, Howard Hughes, Bugsy...etc). The patio on the second floor is a great place to watch the Fremont Experience, or just people watch. We highly recommend staying here!!	
May 23 2006	Not Bad At All. . .	I wish they ahd a 3.5 rating. I really like the Fitz but I don't know if I'd give it an &quot;Above Average&quot; rating.My wife and I and another couple just spent a couple of nights at the Fitz. It was a great deal. We booked it via America West Vacations and for a Friday and Saturday night stay (airfare for two from Denver included) for a total of $467. Super bargain!The room. . . They put us on the 25th floor (of 34) and the West facing view was pretty cool. Pretty vanilla room but very comfortable beds, shower was GREAT (very powerful) and it was clean. Can't ask for more for the money. The casino. . . Super friendly dealers and low limit games. Poker room is coming soon.Staff . . . The staff was great all the way around.Downtown. . . . If you've never stayed in downtown Vegas, you HAVE to. Walking around Freemont Street is a blast. Especially at night with the light show. Plus, it's a two minute walk from casino to casino instead of a cab ride. Good times.Oh. . . Best of all! Krispy Kream downstairs just off the casino on Freemont Street.	
May 11 2006	The Fitz offers no Glitz but still wonderful	My wife and I just returned from 5 nites at the Fitz (May 3-8). We chose Fitzgeralds over our usual place the Golden Nugget due to the ongoing remodeling there. It was our first time to Fitzgeralds and we will return. The entire hotel and casino staff were very pleasent through out our stay. Yes, the stories about the elevators being slow are true but only on the weekends. We had a no smoking room on the 21st floor and it was just fine. A little worn in places but clean. The pool itself was okay and the pool area was kept very clean. The pool was a bit small for Vegas standards. About the size of most Holiday Inns. No bar at the pool but you could order drinks from inside the casino to be brought out to you via a hotel phone. We found it easier and cheaper to run down to Walgreens (1/2 block) and buy what we needed for refreshments. There is no room service at the Fitz but with a 24hr Mc &quot;D's&quot; in the casino we did just fine with Quarter Pounders to go at 3:00am. Limericks Steak House was very pleasent with reasonable prices, good food and attentive service. We look forward to our next trip to fabulous downtown LV and the wonderful no Glitz Fitz.	
May 1 2006	No problems at the Fritz.	We stayed at the Fritz April 24-28 of 2006. The was our first time staying downtown and found it to be great. Every casino and shopping is just a short walk, not like on the strip where you have to walk long distances to see everything. We found the hotel to be very clean and the staff was very friendly. We had some concerns from others that left reviews on the Fritz, but wanted to find out for ourselfs. The rooms had everything that was needed including extra pillows and the AC worked just fine. The elevators were quick with very little waiting time. We ate at all the buffets downtown and all were decent but found the Golden Nugget to be the best downtown. On our next trip we will stay at the Fitzgeralds again.	
Apr 24 2006	Walked 11 floors of stairs	FITZGERALD'S CASINO &amp; HOTEL, DOWNTOWN LAS VEGASWe stayed at Fitzgerald's April 12-15, 2006. I have to commend the hotel staff as very friendly. On previous occasions we gambled at their 5 cent slots and found them loose and enjoyed the long play, but this time they were very tight. This was the first time we stayed in overnight in their rooms. We prefer larger rooms and asked for a suite. We were told customers can ask for upgrades when they check in, but cannot reserve suites ahead of time. We were also told that they had deluxe rooms (regular rooms), the club suite (for player's card holders, when available), and luxury suites (which were supposedly very nice and an additional $100 a night). We also asked about internet access which I need for my work, and were told yes, it is available. When we arrived, we upgraded to a club suite because no luxury suites were available. The only difference between a club suite and a regular (deluxe) room is a coffee pot, hair dryer, ironing board and bottles of water. The room size is no different than a regular room. There were no luxury suites available. The club suites were small rooms, with two beds, poor a/c-fan circulation and a flickering tv set. Since we didn't plan to spend much time in the room, we decided to rough it. This worked fine until the elevators quit working. Two days in a row, my husband walked down 11 floors of stairs along with many other guests. At least we were not on the 32 floor as some of his companions were. The elevators would go on the blink and stop at every single floor all the way up to 32 and all the way down to one. We were unable to board a down elevator during this time, so in order to use the elevator and not walk (which was not an option for me) we were forced to get on the elevator traveling up from floor eleven to floor 32, then back down to floor one. This took 25 minutes each time with nauseating stops at every floor all the way up and back down. I am diabetic, bad knee, and have Meniere's (a type of motion sickness). When we called the front desk to request a service elevator (which were working) for my transportation, we were refused. We explained that I had taken a insulin shot and needed to eat within 30 minutes, but were still refused. They offered to send room service but we knew that would take over an hour. I rode the elevator, without recourse, and we just stayed downstairs and avoided the rooms and elevators. As far as we know, no one was offered compensation for the inconvenience. We checked out a day early due to the elevators, and during check out we asked a bell hop if the elevator problems occurred often, and he nodded.	
Apr 24 2006	The jolly green giant	3rd stay at fitzgeralds...clean rooms...got a room change no problem...one of the best downtown hotels. Phil Joste UK.	
Apr 22 2006	Nice downtown site	We stayed five nights at Fitz. Its agreat location to walk around under the dome. Found 2 for 1 buffet coupons for Fitzgralds, Freemont and Main Street. Main Street has the best buffet. Fitzgeralds was very clean but the bedding was below average. Plenty of drink bargins and live street music downtown. Going to the Strip take Las Vegas Blvd and come back in on 4th less traffic and lights.. The parking gargage is on 3rd.	
Apr 20 2006	Averge hotel in a fun part of Las Vegas	My wife and I spent 4 days at the Fitz in March. We had stayed at the Golden Nugget last year, but we wanted to try a less costly alternative downtown (about 40% less then G.N.). We also had a friend in another room, so we were able to compare another room on a lower floor.My wife likes to sit in hotel lobbies and read. Unfortunately, there is no place to sit in the lobby. The counter people look like they came from the nearby trailer park. They always were helpful and pleasant. The elevators were always very fast. We were on the 32nd floor, and the view was very nice. The rooms were clean. The person who cleaned our room was friendly and always tried her best to keep our room clean enough for our satisfaction. The TV only had local channels. The reception was poor with two stations. There was a keyed safe in the room. The alarm clock was broken. It also had an iron and hair dryer in the room.The mattresses were very comfortable. The pillows were average. The sheets were clean and somewhat soft. The bathroom had a large bar of soap for the shower, with a very nice showerhead. The bath did not have a stopper. The water pressure was fine, but there was a lack of hot water every morning. The bathroom fan was noisy. The sink gurgled.The rooms were noisy. Even on the 32nd floor, a siren of a police car made me wake up. There was a family with children next to us, and we could easily hear them play. We did not use or even look at the pool.We enjoy staying downtown when we go to Vegas. There is no one that compares to staying at the Golden Nugget. If you are like most people, and you only plan to sleep in your room, the Fitz is an ok hotel. I heard that Binnion's hotel and casino is undergoing a major renovation. The Lady Luck is closed for renovation. When completed, they maybe a better place then the Fitz.	
Apr 11 2006	We're going back!	I really went back and forth on my rating, between average and above average. I decided on average because when we returned from our 10 day stay at Fitzgeralds last year, I wrote a letter to management complaining about several issues that we had while we were there. THE NEGATIVES:When we checked in, we were told that the room with a king bed that I had reserved several months in advance was not available and that we would have to take two double beds instead. The desk clerk knew we were on our honeymoon, but refused to upgrade us or try to accomodate us regarding this. If we wanted a suite, she informed us it would be an extra $100 per day. We were on the 27th floor and when we arrived there, we found that the soda machine on our floor was broken and the ice machine dispensed so slowly it took almost five minutes to fill a bucket. Therefore, whenever we wanted a beverage, we had to go up or down a floor. We were also very disappointed that there was no refrigerator in our room, which was a major annoyance due to the length of our stay. Also, with several restaurants in the hotel, we were very surprised that they offered no room service. The elevators were very slow while we were there. We waited on average 5 to 10 minutes, sometimes longer, sometimes shorter. We really didn't mind waiting for them unless we were in a hurry. Which wasn't often because we were on vacation! We ate twice in Molly's buffet; one lunch and one breakfast. Compared to other buffets available in Vegas, this one we found to be overpriced and very limited in selection. Disappointing. We also ate at their coffee shop which is attached to the buffet on our last night there. This was most definitely the worst service we received during our stay. We waited almost half an hour just for the waitress to take our order, then were forced to order off of an extremely limited &quot;late night&quot; menu, then waited nearly an hour for our food. Not a great experience. THE POSITIVES:Our room was surprisingly spacious with an absolutely breathtaking view of the mountains. It was also extremely clean. We had housekeeping in every day to clean and they always left us extra towels and linens without us even having to ask. The room had a small safe so we were able to safely store our valuables as well. With the exception of the desk clerk that checked us in, we absolutely loved the staff at Fitzgeralds! Everyone was unfailingly friendly, polite and helpful, from the cocktail waitresses, table dealers, bartenders, cashiers, security, everyone! Plus, since we were there for 10 days, many of them took notice of us and went out of their way to greet us specially and make conversation. We felt very wanted there and it was wonderful. The casino was great! The slots were pretty loose espeically when compared to the strip. Plus, my husband tried his hand at blackjack, which he had never played before. The dealer went out of his way to help him and gave him tips on how to play! We also loved the balcony that was off of the bar on the second level. It overlooks Fremont Street and is a great place to sit and watch the light show and just watch the people. They also had karaoke several times while we were staying there and the host was excellent with a great book. Long rotation though, which is par for the course. So, at the beginning of my review, I mentioned that I wrote a letter to management. Well, it took 8 months but I received a response from the Vice President of Operations last November. He apologized for the inconveniences that we suffered during our honeymoon and offered us a return incentive. We will shortly be returning to Fitzgeralds and have been comped a suite there for a week! Can't wait to come back and post my next review!	
Apr 2 2006	Great for someone on a budget	We recently stayed 5 nights at the hotel. The rooms are average sized and nothing fantastic but are clean though. The bathroom had a coffee maker &amp; hair dryer. They do not have Room Service! If you are going to vegas on a budget it is perfect. If you like Fremont St. over the strip it will do. If you think your going to take the bus to the strip and back everyday you will be sorry! They cram you in those buses like sardines &amp; it takes an hour to get up to the strip. If you plan on doing the tour for the timeshare in the hotel act like you are interested and then say no and they offer you more money to go...but every hotel offers you money to go.	
Mar 30 2006	Got the Bang for my Buck!	For our 4th trip to downtown LV, we checked into Fitzie's on March 20, 2006 for four nights and have to admit the front desk clerk was the friendliest woman we've ever met. We requested a &quot;room with a view&quot; and she gave us a room on the 31st floor with the most gorgeous view of snow-capped mountains I've ever seen from any hotel in LV!Rooms were decent-sized and clean, and we were raving about the shower pressure the entire time. No matter how grungy we were, that shower made us feel like brand new every time.We didn't have a chance to eat at Fitzie's but played some blackjack. Dealers were not the friendliest and the casino wasn't anything great. We played mostly at Fremont, Binion's and Golden Nugget where we've stayed at in the past and always get comped for our meals. All are decent hotels for the price, especially the Golden Nugget.Fitzie's parking garage was a little aggravating - valet parking takes up the first 6 floors. Parking was hard to find at certain times and the garage is very narrow so watch out for those tight turns.The best thing about downtown is the ability to walk to ten different casinos in minutes and have easy access to table games. We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves! The bottom line, we'll stay at Fitzie's again in a hearbeat!	
Mar 29 2006	Great service at The Fitz	My husband and I just returned from a seven night stay at &quot;The Fitz&quot;. Checked in at around 5:15pm Friday 3/17. We were amazed, there was no one in line to check in! We always come to Vegas on the Friday around St Patricks Day and about the same time of day. We have waited in line at other hotels anywhere from 30 to 90 minutes to check in! Asked to be put on an upper floor away from Fremont street, and although the hotel was totally booked (St Patrick's Day &amp; March Madness) request was happily granted. We were given a great room on the 31st floor. We were a bit worried because of some of the comments about the elevators I had read, but our concerns were unfounded. We only had to wait one time during our whole stay and then not more than 3 or 4 minutes. The elevators were very fast.Stayed away from Molly's Buffet until the last night..again, due to the comments I had read. This buffet is not that bad. The selection is small, but everything offered was excellent. We used the discount coupon from the fun book so we didn't pay full price. We both agreed that if we had not gotten a discount we might have felt that it was too expensive for the offerings compared to other downtown buffets.Had a great time at the casino..no big wins, but that's par for us. Great service from cocktail waitresses. Probably better than other downtown casinos.These people crack us up when they complain about rooms. With the turn-over in these hotels, and the way a lot of people treat property, they can and will get a little &quot;worn&quot; between refurbishings.We have stayed at several strip locations over the years and have to say that once you get on the elevator there isn't much difference from one property to the next. As a matter of fact, one of the worst rooms we ever had was in a higher priced popular strip hotel. Our room at The Fitz was clean upon arrival and was maintained during our stay. OK, so one bedspread had been laundered more than the other and was a little faded..hey it was clean!We had a great time at The Fitz and expect to book there again next year for our annual March pilgrimage!	
Mar 26 2006	Great stay.	Was worried about staying here after reading some of the reviews, but everything was fine. We paid $49 per night for our room and it was a great deal - I have been to Vegas many times and stayed on the Strip, where the rooms are much more expensive and just about the same. We stayed on the 34th floor, where you could still hear the noise from outside, but with the fan or air on it was fine. Room was clean, casino was fun and Freemont Street was great. For those of you that haven't been to Vegas in awhile, there is a series of double-decker buses that run to the strip and back about every 10 minutes 24hrs and only costs $5 per 24 hrs. I will always stay on Freemont Street now.	
Feb 4 2006	Terrible Stay - Dirty Beds and Unresponsive Customer Service	This sums up my stay, as it's the complaint letter which I wrote to the hotel - which they didn't respond to.When we checked in, we inspected the room and found ink like stains on the bed linens, so we called the front desk and asked for a room change. The original room was 1841. The front desk said they would change us, and to come down to the front desk to switch out the keys. Having experienced this problem previously elsewhere, many hotels will bring you new keys, instead of making you hall all luggage down to the front desk and then to the new room. It was a minor problem in comparison to the next one Ill detail, but a problem nonetheless.When we checked into our new room 1941, we noticed the same type of ink like stains on the linens. From this, we just thought its a problem in every room, and at least the stains were not directly in the center of the bed. The entry way light blinked violently, and instead of reporting it we decided just not to use it. Our biggest problem with our stay, came from our first night and involved housekeeping. At about 1:15am we were awoken by knocking on our door. In my experience, when you dont answer people will realize they have the wrong room and walk away  but this was not the case. I heard a voice say something resembling housekeeping and they barged into the room. Obviously we were confused, and yelled at the person to get out. They replied by saying something neither of us understood and left. Because of this incident, we had extremely poor sleep that first night, waking up every hour. The next morning, I went down to the front desk to complain to the manager about this incident. I asked the attendant for the manager, but she wanted to help me so I decided to tell her about the incident. She seemed willing to help, and contacted the housekeeping supervisor for an explanation. After the phone call, I impressed upon her that I needed an explanation as to why housekeeping people are coming to my room at 1:15am. I told her the only logical conclusion I could think of, is that they were looking to steal personal belongings. The attendant didnt disagree with my impression. She said Id be notified as to why housekeeping came into my room, and I told her Id be waiting in my room for a call. The call and explanation never came, and I was too busy to worry about it until I got home. Because of this unwanted and disturbing intrusion, we were extremely mindful to not have any maid service come into our room for the remainder of my stay, always keeping the privacy please sign, bolt lock and sliding lock on the door. It deprived us of one of the qualities I really look for in a hotel  safety. The only other concern I had about my stay, is the availability of internet at reasonable prices. As per your business center, $12 an hour is not reasonable to pay for internet. I am really disappointed in the a la carte nature of Las Vegas hotel casinos, believing that because they offer restaurants and slot machines, they can skimp on the things a traveler demands in any other city in the world. I am talking about a gym and business center, free of charge to hotel guests. Those are the bare minimum in my opinion, for a decent hotel  so if you want to elevate yourself among your competition, youd add them free of charge. I would appreciate a written response to the problems Ive taken the time to detail here, especially the late night housekeeping debacle. This is not the first time Ive stayed in Fitzgeralds, but Id seriously consider it being the last based upon the discrepancies Ive detailed. Thank you for taking the time to address my concerns.	
Feb 3 2006	Great place to stay downtown!	A group of 16 of us went to Vegas Jan 18-23 and had 8 rooms at the Fitz. We like to stay downtown and had stayed there once before. My husband and I had 2 nights free because of our previous stay. It is an older hotel, but there were no complaints from our group. We like the $5.00 tables which are next to impossible to find on the strip. The comps are good, also.	
Jan 30 2006	Works for me!	A friend and I decided to stay downtown for a change of pace. After reading reviews on the internet we decided on the Fitzgerald. We were looking for something that was clean, safe, and friendly. Fitzgerald's worked for us, we had a very pleasant stay, with easy check in and out. We plan on staying there next year on our annual visit to Vegas.	
Jan 22 2006	Diamond in the Rough	This was our second trip to the Fitz. We love it there. The staff/hosts/casino workers are very friendly. We felt that they went out of their way to make sure we had everything we needed. Not to mention this casino has great comps!Everything is so close downtown. It is a totally different atmosphere. Much more relaxed than the strip. I cannot believe the negativity in some of these reviews. If we had any problems (minor problem with our player's card &amp; we had received a smoking room instead of a non smoking room), the host and manager were there to take care of it immediately. My husband and I have stayed on the strip and we are never going back to it. The hotel we stayed at was supposedly one of the best....what a mistake that was, the pool was disgusting, cigarette butts and trash floating in the water. The rooms were dirty and the hotel/casino staff were rude. All of this for $225 a night. We are plannning our third trip to the Fitz in May of 2006. I can not wait to get my Yard of Margarita sit on the balcony and enjoy the light show and bands after a hard day of playing slots.	
Jan 17 2006	clean friendly and cheep cheep cheep	We were a party of 4 and stayed seven nights.We all had a wonderful time it was about our 12th visit to LV and our first time staying downtown April 20/05 Thanks to Stacie at the check-in who did a great job for us, giving us adjoining rooms on the 26th floor. The room was just as we requested and the most important it was very clean and lots of hot water and the beds wonderful ( Thanks ) The shows were great Went to see Elvis twice. Staying at the Fitz we could get to our room fast if we needed and were quite safe on the street or playing slots anytime day or night. The food was good and we tried all of the food places on Fremont St. some good and some soso. The strip was not as good as If you went out at night I would not feel good making my way back to my hotel at 4 AM. I got lost at the Luxlor and had to find the desk to find my way back to my room. The Fitz is always busy and I won good on the slots. We hope to go back this April and stay for a week or two. Your LV vacation is just what you make it and at the Fitz we hade a wonderful time all 7 nights and 8days!!!!!!!	
Jan 14 2006	Great Location!	We stayed here last spring, and had a very nice experience. The room was spacious, and the view unbeatable. We were pretty high up. It was in need of a facelift, as much of it is old and worn, but that didn't bother me in the least. The slots are loose, and they were generous with complimentary drinks. The staff is friendly and helpful. The location is great. I was concerned about staying downtown, but am very glad that I did. I avoided the hustle and bustle of the strip, which is not easy to traverse on foot, especially because there was construction everywhere when we went. The casinos are very close to each other downtown. A big plus, since we didn't have a car.The price of this hotel simply cannot be beat. We got here via Expedia, and paid just under $600 for the two of us to fly out of NY and stay here for five nights. If I ever venture this way again, I will definitely stay at the Fitz.	
Dec 16 2005	Very clean very friendly very well priced	A friend and I stayed at Fitzgerald's Dec 6-10, 2005. I have been reading the reviews and was therefore more 'on the lookout' for issues than I would have been otherwise. In short, it was an excellent stay at a terrific price (we had a coupon from the Fitz that netted out to $ 17.50/night). ROOM: We checked in at noon and had no problems....room was ready and correct. Carpets were clean and relatively new. No peeling wallpaper, no stains, no missing towels. In short it was roomy, but not huge...very clean and neat. The room was made up each day with no issues. EMPLOYEES: All employees from the font desk to the dealers seemed quite friendly...no issues at all. FOOD: We found the 2nd floor buffet (Molly's) to be priced higher than most. It was really a brunch buffet (we went for breakfast). For breakfast only it was too high...for lunch it was OK.WE LIKED: Parking garage is free and clean, no problems. The McDonalds and Krispy Kreme within the hotel are handy. Live music show is fair. We didn't attend the other shows. Unlike some other write-ups we had no problems waiting for elevators...they were prompt.WE'D SUGGEST: In-room coffee pots would be a nice addition, although it was easy to get at McDonalds.Our room didn't have any available wall outlets outside the bathroom for plugging in a computer. OVERALL: Had a great time, an incredible bargain, and the people and hotel provided more than we had expected for the price. We were on the 29th floor and had a terrific view of the mountains and other downtown hotels.	
Dec 15 2005	Fun at the Fitz	My husband and I have stayed at the Fitz a number of times and have throughly enjoyed each visit. After staying a few times on the strip, fighting the crowds, and not able to find each other, we tried the Fitz and found it a very welcome change from the hustle and bustle of the strip. The comps are very good and the staff very friendly. The food at Molly's is very good and the service top notch. It is nice to have the workers remember us each time we visit. Much different from the cold reception in the larger casinos.	
Nov 17 2005	Friendly clean and cheap	First of all, if you've never been to Las Vegas, don't expect glamor and gangster hip...it isn't there. If you don't like gambling and watching people gorge themselves at buffets, this may well not be the place for you. On the other hand, this is a great - and inexpensive - place from which to base yourself if you are exploring National Parks. Death Valley, Zion, Bryce and the Grand Canyon are all within a few hours drive. In addition, Red Rocks Canyon Conservation Area - a BLM managed area - is a BEAUTIFUL place to hike, with intimate views of red sandstone formations, and long vistas that are usually found in National Parks. So on to Fitzgerald's. We paid 175 dollars per person to fly from Seattle to Vegas...that price included 3 nights at Fitzgerald's - a tourist class hotel in downtown Las Vegas. From check-in to check-out, the staff was remarkably friendly and went out of their way to make us feel welcomed. Our room was on the 32nd floor, providing amazing views to the West. Housekeeping staff were thorough and timely, the restaurant staff was extremely friendly, and the food was pretty good value, particularly the breakfast buffet (other meals served at the buffet looked less appetizing. The only thing about staying downtown is that some rooms - even ours on the 32nd floor - are subject to noise from the lightshow/music stages on Fremont Street. This was a very minor inconvenience, solved by turning on the fan in the room. If you get a really good deal, stay here. It's nice enough. Otherwise, try the Golden Nugget - 4 star hotel at 2 star prices.	
Nov 14 2005	Only stay here if you must save a buck	I was not expecting the Wynn but for $75 a night you should at least get a clean room. The blanket on my bed had what looked like dried up vomit on it. The towels were filled with hairs. The shower drain did not work so the tub would be total filled by the time you finished your shower. There was also a lot of black mold in the shower (lots of patches of mold the size of your hand). The price is nice but with taking a cab to the strip you could go a little over $100 a night. ***I did not have any control over where I stayed on this visit.	
Nov 10 2005	Won at Fitzgeralds	Didn't stay at Fitzgeralds - walked in one night just to say had visited another casino and nearly walked straight back out the place stunk so bad. It was a Saturday night and very busy and hubby wanted to play blackjack and managed to get on a table pretty much straight away, so I persevered with the smell and took to the slot machines. Won $200 on a five cent machine downstairs - the lady who went to get my collect was rude and I was almost going to fetch hubby when I noticed an upstairs area of the casino so went to check it out in the hopes it was quieter and not so smelly. Good move - straight away won $1,000 on a 25 cent machine. The slot attendant and cashiers seemed genuinley pleased for me so I didn't mind parting with a bit of my winnings in tips!Can't say much more about the accommodations or the restaurants as they were not utilised, but they definately could try and do something with the smell in the casino - perhaps it's the carpet - I don't know what it was but it was bad! Thanks for the winnings though!	
Nov 8 2005	At the Fitz... Keep your eye on the room cleaners though!	Just came back from 1 week at Fitzgeralds. Comfortable room with nice view on 27th floor. Room was clean except windows and ceiling stained with cigarette smoke. Casino workers not too friendly compared to surrounding downtown casinos. I was missing one pair of blue jeans from the hangers in the closet on the second day and had to file a theft report.	
Nov 7 2005	FITZ was fine.	We spent 5 nights at the Fitzgeralds on Freemont street.We had requested a high floor, but received the 7th. The next morning we were changed to the 34th.floor,which was much better,as you don't hear the sounds from street show. The room was clean and comfortable. No trouble with the elevator. We ate in the Buffet 2 times,and both time were good.We enjoyed the casino too. We like staying downtown and would return to the Fitzgeralds.	
Nov 7 2005	I recommend this hotel	We stayed at the Fitz for four nights (Nov 2nd-6th) and had a good time. The location is excellent, rooms are clean and the casino is good for beginners like we were (not at the end) . You can see the Fremont show from balcony.Overall I recommend it for people that looks for average type of hotel in addition of having a great location !!	
Nov 2 2005	Not so great...	We spent four nights at the Fitzgerald in October 2005. We booked this trip through Southwest Airlines Vacations. We had requested a king non-smoking but were given two doubles. The desk clerk said since we booked through a travel agency, our reservation was not given the same consideration as though booked directly with the hotel. The hotel is pretty old and our room was not clean. It took three calls and tons of run-around to get a coffee maker. Housekeeping said to call the front desk, the front desk said to call the bell desk, the bell desk said to call housekeeping. What a mess! There are not enough elevators and everyone complained constantly about how long it took and how small they were. The rooms are dark. Our tub drained very slowly but when I asked to have it looked at, nothing was done.On the plus side, the location is convenient to all downtown casinos. We were able to make the short walk to the bus station and go up to the strip very easily. I wouldn't stay at the Fitz again. There are plenty of other places that are much nicer.	
Oct 31 2005	Fitzgeralds was GREAT!!!!!	We recently stayed at the Fitzgerald in downtown Las Vegas. October 3 to the 6th ,2005. We were some what aprehensive about staying down town, but to our surprise it was great. We could go out any door except the front one and be right on Freemont Street.We were not once bothered by the sounds of Freemont Street. It was great to walk up and down and see all the attractions that were offered. The gentleman that was juggling liquor bottles while making drinks was amazing. The rooms were fantastic as was housekeeping. We had a large queen size bed and it was every bit as comfortable as my own bed at home.  The bathroom was a good size and there was plenty of hot water and pressure. Everyone of the staff was pleasant. The cocktail waitress were effeciant but not to the point of being a bother. We ate at the buffet several times and everything was hot and very tasty. There was a very good selection of foods. Both at the breakfast and supper buffets. We had breakfast in the resteraunt the morning we were leaving and the staff were great about us leaving our luggage beside our table.  We went to a couple of the shows Larry G Jones and the Elvis show and they were both great. The entertainers themselves came through the buffet and offered 2 for 1 coupons to their shows.We were with a bus tour and had on our tour tags. The only thing we found that was somewhat of a bother were that the elevators were very slow. You had to leave at least 20 minutes before you planned on leaving just to get down to the lobby on time. Once we know that we just factored that time in. The next time we go to Las Vegas we will have no fears of staying downtown again. Its just a short cab ride to the strip and it really doesn't cost all that much. The cab drivers we had were very friendly and helpful. A great big thank you to the driver of the Hard Rock Cafe shuttle bus that stopped and offered my husband and I a ride back to the strip.	
Oct 23 2005	Bad service	I just returned from the Fitzgeralds Casino Las Vegas Hotel, I forgot something in the room, I called them at night, they asked me to call back next morning to speak to the supervisor. I went back to the hotel on next morning. Front desk called the maid and said they didn't find anything. If you forgot something in the room, don't expect it again, service from them is bad.	
Oct 18 2005	Comfortable and clean	Stayed at the Fits for the 3rd time 10/14-10/16. $45/night on weekend is tough to beat. The room was old but super clean and comfortable. My friend was staying in west tower at Lady Lcuk so I wanted to check ouot the room. It too was old and clean but was really pretty gross with worn out pink shag carpet and furniture that just didn't look like you wanted to sit or sleep on it. I didn't play much at the Fits this time but hotel and casino staff always super friendly.	
Oct 16 2005	Great Time at the Fitzgerald	My brother and I spent three days at the Fitzgerald and we really liked our experience. The staff is very friendly and helpful--we got in after midnight and they looked after us promptly. We had a top floor room facing east with a wonderful view of the dessert. Very quiet room, clean and well appointed. This is not Bellagio or MGM, but it is a perfectly fine hotel for sleeping and enjoying the ambiance of the downtown Fremont Experience. Service, both for the room and the hotel was excellent--the bell captain was informative and when we left, we stored luggage for eight hours with him and he was very politie and effective. Ate breakfast in the hotel once and it was fine at about $5.00. My only recommendation to them was to have a better sports book--they have one little spot and no action really with the clientele. We had a great time and will definitely stay there again on our next trip. We were part of a package so not sure of the cost, but from what I understand it is around $60 a night. Pretty good.	
Sep 27 2005	Comfort in Vegas	If you are a fan of classic downtown Vegas, you will enjoy staying at the Fitzgerald Hotel.It is located in the middle of the Fremont experience in downtown Vegas, and is in easy walking distance of a variety of nice hotel casinoes, with a good presence of security personnel who made my walking around the covered street, a safe and pleasant experience. The Fitzgerald has a decent buffet with prices less than ten dollars on weekdays The hotel also has a variety of weekend entertainment, including a house talent and skilled Elvis Tribute artist named Steve Connelly, who performed at a talent contest, the weekend I was there, and several other acts as well, on a rotating basis.The room I had at the Fitzgerald was clean, bright, well lit, and of a decent size. The bathroom was comfortable and well lit, and was clean and well stocked with complimentary items.The room had a safe where you could keep winnings or jewelry and valuables, and a good sized open wardrobe to hang your clothes and coats, and a good sized set of drawers for other clothing items. I found no indication that the cleaning staff got into my bags, and I was impressed with the well made and comfortable beds.The 24 hour Shamrock Cafe was okay for breakfast, but I was much more impressed with the food and service at the Binions Cafe across the street in the Binion's Casino, where I ate most of my meals. I was able to get a variety of breakfasts for 6 dollars of less, and a midnite special of four breakfasts at 3 dollars a piece. They even had a steak special for five dollars that was awesome. The Fremont buffet across the street was also a favorite lunch haunt, since they had a variety of seafood and excellent meats and vegetables for 8 dollars during the week, and 12 on the weekend. In the evening, a free light show is shown on the giant canopy over Fremont street, which I found entertaining, but which can disrupt your sleep if you have a room on the Fremont side of the Hotel, and go to bed before 11. If you wish to avoid renting an automobile, and want to see the Vegas Strip, the Route 106 shuttle can get you from the Walgeens at the end of Fremont Street to the Sahara, for less than 2 dollars, and the monorail can take you from the Sahara to a variety of other major strip hotels for 3 dollars a ride, or 10 dollars for a day pass.  The monorail travels the strip down to the MGM Grand, where you can take an elevated walkway to New York New York, and on to Excaliber. At Excalaber, you can catch a free shuttle monorail to Luxor and Mandalay Bay. If you decide to use the Fitzgerald, and want to avoid the cost of a taxi, the best bet is to book a reservation at one of the shuttle buses who service the airport. I used Showtime, but there are several companies with shuttles, and the average cost ranges from 11 to 12 dollars for a round trip shuttle ticket. Fitzgerald does not have a hotel shuttle service, as many of the strip hotels do, but the hotel expence is far less for the rooms. I stayed in a good room that went for 52 dollars a night but the strip hotels can cost 75 dollars a night or more.	
Sep 26 2005	Good considering the price	So, I just got back from my first trip to Las Vegas. I was a little disappointed when I found out that my group had booked a hotel that was not located on the strip (especially since this was my first trip, and I had a laundry list of things I wanted to see while I was there). When we checked in, the woman at the desk ( I believe her name was Carole) was very friendly. We got rooms on the 23rd floor, but got all the way up there ( with all of our bags) and realized that the 23rd floor was non-smoking. We had to go all the way back down to the front desk, and get new rooms on the 12th floor. The rooms were just what I expected- the basics- no frills, but very spacious with a pretty large TV. Overall, I was happy with the room (and the view). We had a few problems with the elevators, as there are only 4 in the hotel (and there were many times that we would have to wait for the elevator as they were oftentimes too full). I didn't get to see everything that I had hoped to see while in Vegas (I stayed from 9/19-9/23) because it was a pretty long trek to the strip from Fremont street with traffic. I liked the Fremont Street area though, and think it's a great place to stay when it's not your first time in Vegas and you're not heading back and forth to the strip every day to sight see. Overall, Fitzgerald's is a great hotel- especially considering the money you pay. The pool is a basic rectangular pool, located outside the building- but it does the job. The staff were very polite and helpful. The restaurants were decently priced with a pretty good selection.	
Sep 21 2005	Great Stay at The Fitz!!!	Just got back from a stay at the Fitz with my dad. Hotel is older but perfectly clean. The comparison to a Holiday Inn fits perfectly. The staff couldn't have been nicer. My dad was treated like a king by the hotel staff, dealers, pit bosses, and waitstaff. Limericks Steakhouse is absolutely first rate. This is where I take people to impress them in Vegas. Its not over the top like some of the newer strip property steakhouses but it is pure old Vegas class and charm. We got beat up pretty good on the tables but we had a great time. When we did gamble together and the dealeres or pitstaff found out we were on a father/son vacation they all gave my dad a little extra special treatment. I will go back to the Fitz every time I go to Vegas.	
Sep 20 2005	We love it here!	We love Fitzgeralds! We are going back for our third time in November. The staff was all very nice - everyone from the front desk clerk to the waiters and housekeeping. The slots are loose, the (free) entertainment on the weekends on the casino floor both times we have been there has been great, even everyone that we met as guests were nice and fun. If you are looking for a very basic, low key (not pretentious) hotel and would rather spend your money on gambling or other things, this is the place to go. If you are looking for a beautiful place to stay and plan on spending a lot of time in your room, you may be better off at one of the more expensive hotels on the strip. Yes, the elevator was a little slow, but so what? The bed was comfortable, the a/c worked and was not like a jet engine, the view was great from our room. The only thing that I wasn't crazy about and will be passing on during our next visit was the buffett. Not a good selection, mediocre food, no desserts left. Oh yes, and that stupid entertainer with &quot;the ears&quot; that seemed to interrupt us at almost every meal trying to give us discounted tickets to his show - aarrgghh, enough alredy! Other than that, we'll be back!!	
Sep 13 2005	Fitzgeralds Casino	We arrived at the hotel around 11:00 a.m. There wasn't a line at the check in desk and we checked in but were told we couldn't go to our room untill after 3:00 p.m. We wandered Las Vegas untill 3:30 p.m. to pick up our keys and go to the room, and there was a huge line, only one girl working behind the counter and we waited for 40 minutes to get the keys to our room. Once we got into the room, it was fabulous, huge room, huge bed, wonderful view, extra towels in the bathroom, and even a room safe for valuables. I was very impressed with the room and the price ($39.00 for a week night, online price) Maybe the staff was having a bad night, maybe there was only one person working the desk because there was a flu epidemic, but I can say the only bad part of this visit was just to get to the roomOnce in the room the staff was helpful, freindly and competent.The hotel in right on Fremont Street and the food I ate there was really good, inexpensive and arrived without issues.The overall experience was very nice, just not between 11:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m.	
Sep 8 2005	DO NOT STAY AT FITZGERALDS	fitzgeralds is horrible, the bed was hard, like sleeping on plywood, both shoulders were sore next day. the ac rattled loudly every time compressor kicked on. staff were very unfriendly, could care less attitude. fried shrimp dinner for $10.95, shrimp was comparable to frozen from the grocery, baked potato was so overcooked could hardly eat it, vegetables were straight from a can, rolls were rubbery (tough). when i complained about the room to the mgr. on duty the next day he was not helpful at all. i went up the street and stayed at the golden nugget next 2 nights, what a difference, the golden nugget was wonderful. avoid fitzgeralds, it is an awful place.	
Sep 4 2005 	The casino is fine...the hotel and restaurants need some help	Have stayed at the Fitz several times over the past 6-7 months during my frequent business trips into Las Vegas. The staff is friendly, for the most part (exception: Eric at the front desk - few words, no thank you, no smile, and sometimes an attitude - I'm &quot;lucky&quot; enough to get him at least 50% of the time!). The casino, although a bit dingy, is full of a variety of table games and some of the loosest slots I have played in my many trips to LV. A good choice of table games with low limits and friendly dealers.The cafe' upstairs is OK (probably a 5 on a 1-10 scale) and is somewhat pricey for the market it serves. The buffet is a miss...without question...it shouldn't qualify for a buffet in Las Vegas...maybe 2 choices of entrees, a couple of side choices, a small salad bar and perhaps 3 or 4 desserts to choose from...severely lacking by Vegas standards and not exactly cheap (lunch is about $8) given the selections you are offered (Stations casinos run lunch buffets for about $7 and give you 10X the options not to mention Main Street Station down the block). The McDonalds on the first floor is 24 hrs which is nice for that quick bite but they have been out of ice cream and milk shakes on at least 50% of my visits...seems poorly managed, a bit dirty, and less than efficient compared to most fast-food stops. A gift shop exists across from the front desk which stocks a good variety of products but closes too early for a LV hotel (10pm).Overall, the rooms are clean and a bit outdated but have an in-room safe, iron and ironing board. Water pressure is the best I have experienced in a hotel and hot water doesn't seem to be an issue any time of the day (can't say either about the 4 Queens). Non-smoking rooms are available but seem very limited as I have been given a smoking room on 4 of my last 6 visits even though I requested non-smoking when my reservation was made (the front desk doesn't even mention it isn't available when I check in, I just discover it when entering the floor from the elevator.0Overall, a decent value for you money as far as hotels go...there's certainly room for improvement in both amenities and front-desk staffing.I've stayed at the 4 Queens, Golden Nugget, and the Fremont (with it's closet-sized bathrooms!) on a few of my visits and the all are on-par with the Fitz (Golden Nugget may be a notch higher).	
Aug 26 2005	Great place away from the strip	The Fitzgerld turned out to be a fine place to stay. After reading some of the reviews I was skeptial about it. My first time in &quot;Sin City&quot; so I was not sure where this hotel was located. It is about two miles from the Strip but we found lots to do and enjoyed the Freemont Street Experience. The bus runs 24 hours a day to Strip $2.00 each way or $5.00 for a 24 hour pass. The Fitz is an older hotel but was very clean and has been keet well. Over overal lthe service was great. Some of the front desk clerks could use a few customer service lessons. The only issue we had was that the air conditioning unit was loud and unbearable. I phoned and they had the unit changed out in less than an hour. The only draw back is Molly's Resurant located on the 2nd floor. They were short of help and the service there was non existant. The food was okay but there are plenty of places to eat.Beware of the &quot;Free Gift&quot; Promotation. The hotel has these people that will give you $60.00 cash or dinner and a show if you tour their time share properties. If you don't buy (and please don't buy,) you are treated as red head convict step child. They abondoned you and leave you waiting for a shuttle to take you back to the hotel. A 90 min presentation took five hours. They did pay the $60.00 but it was not worth the time it took. All-in-all the Fitz was worth money. No it's not the Ritz but it is far from a flea bag.	
Aug 25 2005	Nice Stay for the Price	I booked a 3 night stay at the Fitzgerald Hotel for a much needed vacation. The dates were the 18-21st of August 2005. The front desk allowed us to check in and proceeded to give us room keys when we checked in at around 0930am. We were excited to get a room so earlier in the day. We then we found out the room they gave us was a two double bed room instead of the King I requested. I called the desk and was informed that if I wanted to wait till 3pm I could have a King room. I opted to keep my room. The room was very nice and well kept. I had no complaints about the room. We then checked out the casino. The casino is small in size but has alot of slot machines to choose from with all types of denominations. We rate the casino as excellent. The only restaurant we ate at in the hotel was Molly's Buffet. We had breakfast there and it was excellent. The price was also good. We also ate dinner but that came at a price. I will explain. We were riding the elevator from our room located at the 32nd floor. We were in the elevator with an other couple who we did not know at the time. The elavator was travelling down when it made a loud noise and suddely stopped and jerked us around in the elevator. A few seconds later the door opened and we all decided to get out. A unknown woman entered the elevator when we exited and she became stuck in the elevator. We noticed that she got in before we could stop her and the door shut. The floor counter did not move and we heard the clicking on the elevator. We could hear the alarm being pushed from inside by the woman. A long story in a short form is that we called for help and the woman was rescued but we had to walk down 26 floors and then were only componsated with a free dinner buffet. The worst part was we had to use the elevator for the rest of our stay. Well back to the buffet, avoid eating dinner at Molly's it was terrible. I would not even recommend it for the cost of walking down 26 flights of stairs. The hotel does have a single outdoor pool and whirpool. Both of these items are very basic and would compare to what you would expect to find in a residental backyard. The casino does have a nice balcony that is accessable from the second floor and looks over fremont street experience. The hotel also has a great location being on the fremont street. I will sum up this lengthy review as the hotel is a great stay and the price is right. We payed about 50 a night including friday and saturday night. Check out the hotel and see for yourself.	
Aug 21 2005	A Smaller Hotel and Casino	We stay at Fitzgerald's every year. We have stayed at 5 of the fancy hotels on the strip over the years. Fitzgerald's gives us lots of personal attention.My family prefers the casual atmosphere of downtown. We enjoy closeness of the downtown casinos. Fitzgerald's is also the only casino in Nevada to have my favorite table game - Pai Gow Mania. On our last visit, the hotel was undeergoing replacement of the air conditioning units. Luckily, our room had no problem with the old unit.The rooms are clean. The housekeeping dept. is friendly and efficient.The resturants aren't fancy, but the food moderately priced and tasty.When we go to Vegas, we usually hit the Strip every day, visiting some of our favorite casinos and trying any new ones. In the late afternoon or evening, we go back downtown and play in several of the downtown casinos. We frequent Four Queens, Binions and The Golden nugget downtown. But our overall favorite is Fitzgerald's. if you need to stay in a &quot;fancy hotel&quot;, Fitzgerald's is not for you. But if you like a smaller, clean and friendly hotel, try Fitzgerald's	
Aug 17 2005	Okay but some problems	Just returned this past weekend from a 4 day trip to Las Vegas and stayed at the Fitz because we had such an awesome rate from Orbitz ($45/night). Couldn't complain about the price, but here are some of the things that I experienced with the Fitz.1A) NEGATIVE: No Concierge at desk. I stood at the Concierge desk for 15 minutes the first day because I needed a wheelchair for my mother. No one showed up at the desk, so I had to stand in the check-in line for another few minutes, and then they told me that I had to go to the Bell Desk for a chair. The next day I went to the Concierge desk again to inquire about directios to Hoover Dam and the Outlets. Again, had to wait for a looooong time before someone finally came, and then she didn't even acknowledge me. She was on the phone with someone that sounded like a family member or friend, because she was joking around on the phone and didn't bother to hang up when she saw a guest standing in front of her. When I finally got her off the phone to give me directions, the directions she gave me were WRONG!1B) POSITIVE: The gentleman at the Bell Desk was absolutely wonderful! Not only did he provide me with a great wheelchair to use the whole time there, but he let us borrow it FREE of charge the entire time! And he was very friendly.2) NEGATIVE: Our NON-smoking room smelled of smoke. 3) NEGATIVE: The air-conditioning was the loudest I ever heard. The lowest setting was louder than I can describe. Though we had to leave it on 24/7 because of the heat, it did its job well, despite the noise.4) NEGATIVE: We had water leaking in from the top of the window, dripping all over the side of the window face and dripping all over the windowsill and wall. We didn't know where the water was coming from because it wasn't raining. We figured out that it must have been from the room above's air conditioning unit. The moisture from the above unit's a/c leaked to our room below and just drenched our window.5) NEGATIVE: Small towels in bath. The towels seemed like mini bath towels, not to mention that we didn't have enough towels, so I had to call downstairs for more to be delivered.6) NEGATIVE: The beds were hard as rock. Couldn't sleep comfortably.7) NEGATIVE: Day of check-out....Valet service was slow. There was only one Valet person, so we waited over 20 minutes to get our car, and there was only 2 couples ahead of us who were there waiting forever as well.SUMMARY: The Fitz was an okay, but not great place to stay. I agree that it definitely has the loosest slots. I won on the quarter slots and nickel slots. Other than that, we always went someplace else to eat because their restaurant is too high-priced for Downtown. It's an older hotel, I give it that, and not all their employees are perfect. Like I said in the beginning..can't complain because we got such a great deal on the price, but they could definitely improve on their Concierge Desk service. My husband chooses to not stay there again when we go back to visit. He said that the hotel was absolutely horrible and that it's dirty and old feeling, plus the lack of service, the noisy a/c unit and the leaking wasn't helpful on making a good impression.	
Aug 10 2005	Fitzgerald's is a Budget Hotel	We stayed at Fitzgerald's from 8/3-8/6/05. The room was clean and practical. The Buffet had a poor selection, the floor was sticky, and the booths needed the cushions to be replaced, you practically fell to the ground when sitting down. The Cafe charged exorbitant prices, i.e., two cups of coffee and one order hash browns was $6. Take the local bus for $2 a person, and you can locate a Denny's on Las Vegas Blvd., and a Carl's, Jr., which is a hamburger joint, however, more economical. There is also a McDonald's in the lobby, however, they never get your order correct, and had poor management. At all costs, avoid the bus tour with Triple J Tours to the Grand Canyon. They advertise a tour of 13 hours, which turns into 16 hours, with no regard to schedule adherence. One hour is devoted to picking up passengers at other hotels. You only get two stops in the Canyon, and they want you to pay $10 to see a film. The complimentary lunch is pizza/lemonade. If you are limited in cash, this is the place to stay, otherwise, try one of the other downtown hotels.	
Aug 3 2005	Fitzgerald's not bad not good just o.k.	I stayed at fitzgeralds for 8 nights July 18th-26th my sons ages 25 &amp; 22 wanted to stay on the strip so they stayed at the Tropicana. Fitzgerald's was average at best. This my 3rd trip to vegas I wanted to experience the downtown area. The room was clean and not noisy.the elevators were slow and sometimes acted as if they were going to break down.But the biggest problem was the air conditioning i had to keep the curtains closed and the A/C unit on high night and day just to keep the room cool enough to sleep in it.Also the valet service was very slow for being such a small place.As far as the gambling goes I am a blackjack &amp; video poker player I felt the Fremont across the street the four Queens next door and the California at the end of fremont st. had much better games and a better variety of games. I guess what im saying is only stay at Fitzgerald's if your budget and bankroll won't allow you to stay someplace better the Golden Nugget would be much better im sure.And The Orleans where i stayed last year is excellent a much better place to stay in every way.The bottom line is i will not be staying at fitzgerald's again.Oh and by the way stay away from the Tropicana what a dump people say it should be the next place to be imploded i agree.	
Aug 2 2005 	Great Experience!	Visited the Fitzgerald last week....no complaints! Reservations handled very smooth, check - in quick and efficent, room clean, cool (during record heat) and comfortable. Casino staff friendly and helpful, dining options adequate ( including a Krispy Kreme on site). Only concern - cocktail service was slow while on casino floor. Love being downtown anyway....just has a better &quot;vibe&quot; as far as I am concerned. Will definitely stay at the Fitzgerald again!	
Jul 19 2005	Make new friends	I have been staying at the &quot;Fitz&quot; for several years. I've taken several members of my family and friends. Several times it was their first time to Vegas. Myself and everyone I have taken has loved the more relaxed feeling of the downtown. If you are fortunite to get a corner room, the view, evening sunset, and lights of the strip are wonderful. The staff is great. I have emailed Guest Services and they are always ready to help make my stay a great one. (from room upgrades, airport pick-up, better rates for extra rooms, etc.	
Jul 17 2005	Spectacular 1st trip to Vegas (Fritz)	My husband and I want to disagree with all that say they had a bad experience at the Fitz. We went to LV with friends of ours and stayed for 4 nights and 5 days. Our friends had stayed there before and had raved about the hotel. When we arrived from the airport we were amazed. It could not compare to what we had been told. Not only were we made to feel that we were the most important guests in the hotel but the casino, room and the lobby restrooms were very clean and well kept. We arrived at 10:00 a.m. and let the hotel know we were there and they gave us our room at that time when our understanding was that check in was at 3:00 p.m. When we got up to our room the carpet was just being shampooed so we waited about 5 minutes till the attendent finished. The room was amazing. We were on the 34th floor and had a beautiful view of the mountians. The pool opened at 7:00 a.m. each morning and we were always there. The pool area was soooooooo clean with an abundance of clean towels for our use. The shows in the hotel were great. When we were in the casino the bar maids (and I don't want to offend them if this is not thier title) were so very attentative and always available to get anything from water, soda or any other drink we requested. If anyone goes to Vegas this is the only place to stay. We visited the strip and was also amazed but quite honestly we were more impressed with Fremont street and our own casino in the Fitz. Thanks to all who made our first trip to LV as memorable as our trip to Hawaii. We will be back soon!	
Jul 14 2005	Top Class Entertainment!	Although we didn't stay downtown, one night we ventured downtown for the Freemont Street experience, this was excellent with live music and a fantastic lights FX show. We also visited Fitzgerald's hotel which has two fantastic acts on, Bobby Ruffin's The Drifter's and Steve Connelley's Elvis, these were both excellent and very good value (the price of entry was one drink), Bobby Ruffin has a fantastic voice and it is a shame he is not showing at a more high profile venue. Elvis was also extremely good, combining both comedy with an uncanny Elvis impersonation, I thoroughly recommend these shows.	
Jul 12 2005 	Love Fitgeralds	Ive been to Las Vegas about 20 times. I've stayed in a Penthouse Suite at the Mirage, in a Suite at Treasure Island, The Rio, at the Fiesta in Henderson, at the Plaza on Freemont and the Hilton. Half of my visits were at Fitzgeralds.Yes, you get that cleaning fluid smell when you go in. The staff has always been nice. The rooms have always been clean. The bathrooms are clean and neat. I've never had a problem with Fitzgeralds. With the &quot;local&quot; hotels Ive stayed at, I never seem to win anything. They are the worst to stay at. When I changed hotels from the local hotel to the Fitz, I wasn't there 5 minutes and won a $1600 jackpot. I've always left the Fitz with more money than when I went in. The other 3 places I won great were the Mirage, Treasure Island and the Bellagio. I don't recommend playing at a local hotel or at Harrahs, Balleys or the Luxor. I never seem to win at these places. The breakfast buffet at the Fitz was fantastic. I love the closeness to the Freemont Experience.I am sure some people had some bad luck there, but I have always enjoyed my stay and I am going back to the Fitz this September.	
Jul 5 2005	We will Not be returning....	We (husband, 2 kids) recently (7/3/05) stayed at the Fitz for a night because we wanted the experience Downtown LV. After staying on the strip for the past 3 nights, we arrived at the Fitz around 5:30 pm to check-in. The building smelled musty and old, but that was expected for it being an older hotel. The guy at the counter who helped me was not very friendly or helpful. I had called the hotel several days before checking in to confirm my reservation and request 2 beds in a N/S room-no probs, it was noted in the computer. When I asked the guy at the counter if a room with 2 beds was available he said 'yes', then told me we had to wait for approx. 2 hrs because the room was not ready. He said he would make a quick call up to the housekeeping supervisor to confirm the availability and after hanging up he said that it would be around 30 mins before it was ready. I was a little disappointed because we were checking into the hotel after 3pm, yet they did not have any clean rooms with 2 beds available. Furthermore, at the same time that I was checking in, a woman next to me at the counter had requested the same type of room and she got it-no problems. I stepped away from the counter and figured we would just wait around the lobby since it was only supposed to be a half hour wait. After about 10 mins of standing around and me probably looking really frustrated, the guy called me back over and told me another room was 'suddenly' available. He handed me the room key in the little folder and didn't even have the decency to give me directions to the room, muchless direct me to an elevator. The room ended up being on the very top-34th floor, in the corner, with a view of the top of the Freemont St canopy. When we finally got to the room it was very HOT and stuffy. We immediately located the A/C and turned it on....that thing was sooo loud that we were practically yelling at each others the whole time we were in the room. To make things worse, the darn thing wouldn't even cool the whole room off. In order to feel any kind of cool breeze, you had to be standing right in front of the unit. Part of the reason it probably never cooled was because the unit was not completely attached to the wall (there was a big gap between the inside wall and outside). We decided that we were going to just deal with it, as we were going to be outside on Freemont St for a good part of the night and we figured that if we left it on while we were gone it would cool off some by the time we got back. That was a big mistake because when we finally got in, it was sooo hot that it was practically unbearable to sleep. Not only was the room temp uncomfortable, but the beds were as well....double beds w/springs poking at your back!!! We somehow made it though the early morning hours and were ready to check out. Overall, everything was gross and dirty-unvacuumed carpet, holes in blankets, bathroom, etc. We did enjoy the dowtown atmosphere; however, we will definitely NOT be staying here again. The customer service, along with old, scruffy rooms does not make it worth the hassle. I paid the same amount of $$$ to stay at the Stratosphere on this trip and it was 10x better.	
Jun 29 2005	Great time at the Fitz!!!	We stayed at this hotel last November together with another couple. The room was fine, carpet a bit dirty and full of lint but besides that everything was OK and clean. Loved the location, close to many of the hotels with loose slots and many great restaurants. Tried many of the buffets and found the Main Street Hotel Buffet to be our favorite. Found another restaurant at the Plaza with awesome prime rib dinner for 7.95. Was great. Enjoyed the Freemont Street Experience and the evening bands. Great shops within walking distance, everything half the price compared to on the strip. Walking distance to the bus stop. For five dollars per day you can ride the bus for 24 hours. Did fairly well with the VLT's. Wish the employees would have tried harder with bringing the drinks while we gambled, we usually tipped one dollar minimum per drink. More if they returned more often.Booked a day trip to the Grand Canyon, was enjoyable but a bit long. Still worth the time and money. A must see for anyone who has not seen it.We would stay at the Fitz again in a minute. Only had the breakfast buffet at Molly's, was great. There's also a Krispy Kreme and a McD's in the hotel. Had no problem with the elevators. Have a great time in Vegas!	
Jun 27 2005	The real scoop on the Fitz.	Overall, I got what paid for (USD 59/night). I treated the staff well, and I was treated well. Our air conditioner went out Saturday afternoon, and when we returned to our room later that night, the problem had been fixed.The rooms were adequate, clean... nothing special.. but what do you expect for 59/night?The casino is smoky and has poor ventilation. If you get a chance, play blackjack with a dealer named Barry. He was a real fun character.The biggest problem with this casino and the item that will prevent me from returning is the elevators. There are only ONE set of 4 elevators for the entire 34 story hotel. A 10-15 minute wait for a elevator with room in it was not uncommon at all. What happened on our trip was that people started overloading the elevators because the wait had gotten so bad. Then the overloaded elevators broke down and made the situation even worse. I was on the top floor, so taking the stairs was not much of an option.	
Jun 26 2005	bad customer service	when i called to check the prices of rooms the lady that took my call was really short with me. she did not know what rooms where left and nor their prices.. i was thinking of going there but! sheee changed my mind	
Jun 15 2005	So much more than I expected!!!	WOW!!! I sat for days on this computer reading reviews about the Fitzgerald's Hotel &amp; Casino in Las Vegas &amp; almost dreaded going on my trip from the horrible reviews I read so let me say this....ALL FALSE!!!!The Fitzgerald's is a very nice, well kept, fantastically located hotel/casino with extremely loose slots!!! We won enough in the first TWO HOURS in the casino to vacation extravagantly the entire weekend - renting limos, playing poker machines right up to the minute we left Vegas, buying clothes, eating out, etc. Honestly, I won more at Fitzgeralds than I did at the Hard Rock, Ceasars, The Venetian, etc. Our room was big with a view of Freemont Street. Everything was clean, including the sheets &amp; the bathroom. The shower had GREAT water pressure. Air conditioning worked well. We were within walking distance to the bus stop, a drug store, the Golden Nugget, plently of places to eat, etc. etc. etc. (Krispy Kream donut shop is located in the lobby - yum - loved it)The staff were friendly in every part of the hotel &amp; casino. This place isn't ritzy but it is PERFECT for somebody who wants a nice place to stay comfortably while saving money to do fun things rather than spend a fortune on a room to store your clothes &amp; sleep!!!Do NOT hesitate to stay at Fitzgerald's Hotel &amp; Casino in Vegas - THIS PLACE IS GREAT!!! Ignore the bad reviews on the internet - those people probably lost a little money in Vegas &amp; want to take it out on the hotel. I was completely shocked when we got there because the reviews I read here had me convinced I would be sleeping with cockroaches and noisy air conditioners and listening to my &quot;neighbors&quot; do who knows what all night while I tried to sleep - it was totally opposite. Worth every penny!!!	
Jun 14 2005	Awesome getaway	My name is Tamatha and in May of 05 me, my mother and two of my sisters took our first time ever-trip to Las Vegas. Fitzgeralds came highly recommended by our Minister and close friend. we had an absolute fabulous time. The room we stayed in was very clean and the hotel staff was both courteous and helpful. We visited during the 100th celebration and it was nice our entire stay of 4 days and 4 nights. we are going back soon and will make this an annual trip. We stayed on the 16th floor and had an awesome view of the mountains; another guest suggested we go to the 34th floor and catch the view and it was breath taking.The elevators were fast coming and going.We visited the new strip and new fancy hotels but we loved the convenience of being downtown and right at everything. I also felt very safe and secure seeing security on the beat.	
May 18 2005	Fitzgeralds casino	We stayed downtown at the fitzgeralds for the first time on May13-May16th. Upon arrival our friends who were getting married were upgraded to a room with a corner window overlooking freemont street. Our room was facing the other way but was nice. Remember, this is not one of the new hotels on the strip, but we found the rooms to be clean and the housekeeping service to be very prompt. If you are looking for the old vegas feel and like the closeness of the other downtown casinos then I would recommend staying here.	
Apr 28 2005	No Mamma Mia tickets	We love your hotel, casino,, availability to Fremont street, however our complaint is with the young lady (sorry I was so upset did not get her name) at the show and tour reservations desk. On Monday morning we asked her to book us 7 tickets to Mamma Mia for the following night, when we went to the ticket booth at the show we were told the tickets were for last night (Monday). When we questioned the lady the nextt day she was unapologetic, surly, when we demanded the $7.oo tip we had given her she returned it with great agitation. We do love your hotel and will come again but this was a major disappointment to 7 of us with Viking Tours.	
Mar 28 2005	Our stay was more then we expected...........	We went to Vegas March 15, 2005 thru March 20th. I was leary at first but after doing research on most of the Vegas hotels, decided there are good and bad reviews for every hotel, including the very best. We choose the Fitzgeralds as we went to get married and it was absolutely ideal! It was the block next to the courthouse, so we walked there and saved the cost of a taxi. Next we were married at the Chapel by the Courthouse which was a 2 block walk, again saving the cost of a taxi or limo. Checkin at the Fitz was very fast. We asked if a jacuzzi suite was available and one had just opened up, so for no additional cost, we enjoyed a huge room with a king size bed, loveseat, table and 2 chairs, great view of the mountains and part of the strip. With the jacuzzi being in the bathroom, the bathroom was HUGE. The slots were wonderfully loose, (wont tell the ones that were great for us!), and all of the staff was friendly. And St. Patricks Day was hopping and all had a good time. I highly recommend the Fitz's and also the Chapel By the Courthouse if you are having a small wedding. It was just the two of us and the man at the desk was very friendly as was the minister and photographer.	
Mar 20 2005	Our favorite hotel and fond memories	Me and my husband have stayed at Fitzgeralds twice already and are ready for a 3rd. My husband was sceptical of las vegas and did not like to gamble but I took him to vegas and we stayed at Fitzgeralds on our first trip and he and I both had a fabulous time we will never forget. We love vegas and have tried other hotels and found our most enjoyable experience was with Fitzgeralds and our next visit will include fitzgeralds again. The staff was more then friendly. If you have never stayed at fitzgeralds, please do you wont regret it.	
Mar 17 2005	Noisy Fitzgeralds	Just stayed at the Fitz over NASCAR weekend, March 12-13th.We were promised a non-smoking room w/ king bed, but not what we got. We were told upon arrival it was &quot;unavailable&quot;, and we were forced to take a smoking room to get a king bed. The desk clerk was nice, she tried to make it up by giving us a corner room with wraparound windows, way up on the 20-something floor. The view was absolutely spectacular, taking in downtown, Freemont and the Strip. This corner room offered a panoramic view with a 180 degree view thanks to all the windows.That was the best part of our stay. Otherwise, the room had burns in the carpet and looked nasty. When the A/C kicked on, the noise was similar to a plane landing. Those guests sensitive to noise should stay elsewhere. Also, the TV did not operate right, and the picture was frustrating. The bathroom was adequate, with vanity space. Good maid service.It's an OK place, nothing fancy. The location is great, in the center of everything on Freemont. If you can get a good deal on a room here, you might consider it. The casino is fun, but too noisy, with live music every night. If you play slots, it can be very distracting.Oh, one more thing---the elevator situation. During peak times, expect delays to get on an elevator, and sometimes the ride is crowded. Also, the elevators can act up, shake, make weird noises and scare the blarney out of you!It seems the word &quot;NOISE&quot; sums this place up very well.	
Mar 11 2005	Great place to visit	Found the hotel to be excellent and the casino was great. Loose slots, clean large rooms, 4 elevators that moved quickly. The food was above average.Having easy access to Fremont Street experience was great also.Checkin was smooth, and the room attendants were very thorough in keeping the rooms clean. Felt very safe even as late as 2AM.	
Mar 4 2005	average hotel	hotel was okay. rooms nothing special. holiday inn type, if you just need a place to crash it will work. casino nothing special, dealers ok for blackjack, lots of asian dealers. some rude, some not. dad was treated rudely by pit boss after a big session on the roulette wheel. when he finally gave some back 2 spins in a row the pit boss laughed and walked away. thought you got comped for winning in hopes of giving it back, but not here.	
Mar 1 2005	Dirty and broken down	I like to think I can look on the bright side, but this place was truley not pleasent. There were large peices of plaster missing from the ceiling. The tub had a layer of soap scum. The drawers all stuck, the a/c sounded like it was going to come off the wall and fly around. There was fecies on the side of the toilet(we didn't notice until the last day). It was a non-smoking room that was as smokey as the casino. The beds felt like they bought them used from a motel 6. I get the chills just thinking about what was on my sheats and comforter.The resteraunts were fair at best. The decore was shoddy, My wife wanted to play Keno no one came around. The people who worked there seamed nice and helpful, but you can only do so much with what you are given. So I did what I could, I left the hotel and gambled elsewhere. I tried to make the best of things. We bought show tickets at tickets 4 tonight 1/2 off tickets a good deal. We went to se rockotica at the Rio a great show, plenty of good rock music and sex appeal.	
Feb 28 2005	what a dump!!	The hotel should not be in business.The bathrooms in the common area are not clean.The health department should be called in.The hotel is not fit to stay in.	
Feb 22 2005	The Fitz is O.K.	My wife and I stayed at Fitzgeralds Jan. 9-14. This was our fourth trip to Vegas in four years, and always enjoy visiting downtown, but this was our first time staying there. We found the room at the Fitz to be very clean and comfortable and a great value, booked through i4vegas. We ate once at the buffet and once at the coffee shop, and we should have heeded some of the reviews we had read on Trip Advisor. They weren't very good. Everything else at the Fitz was okay, but nothing special. As far as staying downtown, five nights were way too long.When you get tired of gambling,there just isn't much to do. We were constantly confronted by people trying to pull scams or asking for money. We had no problems with the Fitz other than the food, but as far as downtown, we will stay on the strip on our next trip and just visit there.	
Feb 22 2005	Our favorite place to stay in Vegas	We have stayed at alot of other places in Vegas both on the Strip (Caesars) and downtown (Golden Nugget &amp; Four Queens), but we always keep coming back to the Fitz. The rooms are very clean and well kept, spacious too. While the buffet could be better, the restaurant Limerick's is awesome and they're very liberal with their comps, even for craps players. And we LOVE this casino. The atmosphere is very casual and fun. We always have a great time at this place. Highly recommended!!!	
Feb 22 2005	Good Stay at the Fitz	We stayed at the Fitzgerald Hotel from Feb 14 - 16. He have been to Las Vegas over 40 times and have never stayed downtown. The Fitz is above average for an older hotel. Our checkin experience was pleasant. The room and bathroom was clean and seemed to have newer furniture. The room was quiet and we never heard neighboring rooms. The only complaint is that their elevators are slow, slow, slow. Be prepared to wait for them. We would have no problem in staying at the Fitz again.	
Feb 3 2005	Good place to stay downtown	First time staying downtown, so did my homework and found the Fitz. Check in was fast and the clerk was friendly. Room was very &quot;Holiday Inn&quot; type. Carpet somewhat worn but clean. Bathroom very clean, as was the entire floor (22nd)and elevator area. We found the downtown area very entertaining, and loved the casino's being so close together. (trip was from Jan 13th-16th) Don't eat at the restaraunts here. If you are in town on Friday, go to the seafood buffet at the Fremont. Execellet!Also, the Golden Gate at the end of the Fremont St. has good burgers and breakfasts. Enjoyed the gambeling, depending on what dealer was on that shift. Some were better than others, but you will find that anywhere you go. We caught the Elvis show (one drink minimum) and it was fun. If you like cheap room and gambleing, stay here. If you need the glizty strip and extra perks, this is not your hotel.	
Jan 30 2005	Good Stay at the Fitz	Stayed at the Fitz and downtown for the first time from 8-11 Jan. We were pleased with the hotel staff's courteous service and our room. Location is great, especially during cold or wet weather, because you can walk out the door of one casino and into another without having to walk a great distance, as on the strip. Another reason we chose downtown for this visit was based on hearing that the slots were looser there. We didn't think so, however; in either the Fitz or other casinos we visited. To be fair, it could have just been our luck. We had dinner one night in Molly's Buffet. Service was great and prices were reasonable but, we had a very long wait for entrees. We took a cab on our last day to the strip and had much more fun and playing time on the slots. Even though the casinos there are futher apart, they're more spacious and slots seemed more generous than those downtown. Also, the cocktail waitresses were more abundant and attentive on the strip than at the Fitz and other downtown casinos. If you want to stay downtown, the Fitz is a great place for the price, but we'll stay on the strip again on our next visit.	
Jan 20 2005	Great Hotel	The hotel was great. Staff was very friendly. The rooms were clean. Elevators were quick. I was a little leary after reading some of the reviews but now I'm wondering if those people stayed at the same hotel. Nice thing about the location of the hotel was that the bus from the strip drops off right on the corner by the hotel. There is a walgreens right across the street for those forgotten essentials. We only ate at Mollys Cafe and found the food to be good. I would definetly stay at this hotel again.	
Jan 19 2005	Lax service in Casino	I took my best friend to Vegas Jan. 11 - Jan 14. Jan. 12th, her 50th birthday, we went to Fitzgeralds Casino to gamble. The floor manager was aware that it was my friend's 50th birthday and offered her a couple of buffet comps. She said to just let her know before we left the Casino. We were there for several hours and several hundred $. About an hour before we were ready to leave the Casino, we mentioned to the manager at the blackjack table that we were occupying the comped buffet tickets. She was unaware of the offer and said the day manager had left for the day. We were not expecting anything, like a meal when we arrived at the casino, but the floor manager offered and we thought that was a nice gesture. A few minutes later, the dealer shorted me on my winnings. When called to her attention, she was defensive. We got the manager on duty to come to the table and she called upstairs for a review of the tape. A few minutes later she told the dealer to pay me. NOT ONE TIME DID THE DEALER APPOLOGIZE TO ME. I thought that was extremely rude on top of the total disregard for the previous managers promise of buffet tickets. Needless to say, we will not be returning to the Fitzgerald on our next visit to Vegas in May. I must say we were quite disappointed in the Fitzgerald Casino's idea of customer service. I know that we are not &quot;high rollers&quot;, but I can certainly lose my next $800 at another Casino.	
Jan 9 2005	Good service great price	Me and my wife got married on the 18th of December. Flew to Vegas that night and stayed at the Fitz, service was great. They upgraded us to a jacuzzi room free of charge. Everyone was fantastic includeing the maid who we couldn't help but to tip. We didn't care for the gambling there too much but the easy access to the rest of downtown gave us other options. I was a little weary reading some of the other reviews on here but all and all we are pleased we decided to stay there. We visited most of the other hotel/casinos and this was by far the cleanest and brightest hotel of them, off strip. It's our choice for our every two month trip to vegas from now on.	
Jan 1 2005	not what it used to be	have stayed at fitz for about 8 years.have seen service,free rooms,evaporate.tired of dirty windows in rooms,ugly bedspreads that are never updated.love downtown tho so will be shopping for 'new'place to stay downtown.	
Dec 28 2004	Great Place to Stay	Our trip to Vegas was great, the friendly staff at the Hotel,the rooms were very clean and well kept. The room had everything that a person needs and then some. The food was very good and the price of it was what we are used to paying at home. The service was very good. It is the kind of place that you don't mind telling your friends about. I'm sure that our next stay will be the same. Very pleased in Billings, Mt.	
Dec 11 2004	Holy Craps I had the luck of the Irish here!	I staggered to the craps table at midnight from our room at the Nugget. I witnessed craps shooting like I had only read about. First shooter went on forever. The second shooter went on for eternity. I think they were together because they both were using the same identical controlled throw. The money the casino paid out was positively insane. I got out of there with a big smile on my face and a bulge in my pocket! Thanks!!!	
Nov 29 2004	No Complaints	We stayed at the Fitz the first week of November. 5 of us cousins went to Vegas to celebrate our 40th birthdays. With 5 people staying in two rooms, there was not one complaint between all of us. I read reviews before we left. Air conditioners noisy - some noise is to be expected. Elevators slow - not a problem either. In fact we stayed on the 23rd floor. I got all the way down to the casino, found out I dropped a $20 bill, rode back up to the 23rd floor, and there was my $20 on the floor. If they were that slow, someone else would have found my $20. lol Others complained about the food at Molly's. We ate there twice and none of us found anything to complain about. My only complaint, I found my &quot;lucky&quot; slot machine a little too late, the morning we were leaving. Ended up putting that $20 bill in and took out $115 in 45 minutes. Staff was all nice. Loved the the comedian Wild Billy Tucker, he was a hoot. Elvis was ok, not the greatest. Absolutely no complaints. If I ever get the chance to go back to Vegas, I would stay here again in a minute.	
Nov 20 2004	THIS PLACE HAS GONE WAY DOWNHILL	This used to be my favorite place for many years and i have stayed here at least 10 times(one week every time) but no more. The room is so loud from the freemont street horror experience you can barely hear your tv. And the worst part of it it plays music 24 hours a day so you can be sure you won't get any sleep. The staff for the most part is rude. In my opinion the slots have tightened up considerably under new management. Beer prices have gone up. The new comp sytem is a disater. The service at the restaurant was way to slow. On my latest trip it was so bad i checked out 2 days early and went to sunset station which i would highly recommend. It is sad that my favorite casino for many years has gone downhill this much under the new management but that's life. I will never set foot in this place again.	
Oct 29 2004	Great Place to Stay	Stayed at The Fitz first time Jan., 2004. Had a wonderful time. Their comps are great! It's right in the middle of all the action downtown. Going back in November for our anniversay.	
Oct 13 2004	Not what it used to be !!	Have stayed at the Fitz several times in the past 6 or 7 years and find it gets worse with each stay. Staff not as friendly, fewer perks, rooms showing more wear, justnot up to what it used to be, however Limericks restaurant is still worth a visit. Will sacrifice a free room on our next visit to find a better &quot;new home&quot; downtown.	
Oct 3 2004	unfriendly	Our first time in Vegas, and the front desk girls were so unfriendly and the manager on duty Pam was not even freindly or helpful. The bellman named gomez was wonderful as were the girls in the cage to get players card, But the froint desk was rude.	
Sep 30 2004	Awful experience!!!	The hotel stay was one of the worst. First day there we have no hot water in the room. We call to front desk and they say they will take care of it. They send a guy to fix it &amp; his response was &quot;the customers must be turning the dial wrong, because it works fine&quot; We are not stupid and we know how to turn a dial. Then we got stuck in the elevator along with 3 other people. There is a telephone in there to use to call for help so we do. 25 minutes later we got out. They sent the guys to get us out to the wrong floor...but remember we are the stupid ones. We asked to speak with the manager to let him know that we were unhappy. He wouldn't even come out of his office. Never again. Try the luxor very nice hotel &amp; staff.	
Aug 28 2004	Nice Stay At the Fitz	My husband and I just returned from staying 4 nights at the Fitz. The staff was very friendly, rooms were clean although the air conditioner was a little louder than we preferred. Elevators are slow at times. If you stay in your room in the evening alot you might be put out by the noise from the light show and bands so get a room higher than the 8th floor. For the price it was a great deal. If you like video poker check out the Wheel of Fortune video poker machines (nickels) on the wall opposite of the check in desk. I hit $1250.00 which was a nice jackpot for nickels. We are returning in December and got a great deal because of our players cards so be sure and use them.	
Aug 10 2004	Fun and Friendly	We stayed at the Fitz. for the first time, Aug. 6-9. We arrived at 9:00am and check in is not until 2:00pm, but they let us check in early - which was great because we could go back to sleep after our long flight. We had a great time playing roulette, craps, and slots. During the day, they have 50 cent roulette - always fun! The craps table is a blast to play. The $1 slot machines are great and awesome payout! The entire casino has an excellent atmosphere. All of the dealers wore hawaiian print shirts - which showed their fun side. Definately sign up for the Fitz. Club card. We ate at Limericks Stake House - you have to try the shrimp or chicken scampi. Both excellent choices! I have to tell you that after reading some of the postings - we were a little worried. However, we had a great time with no complaints! We will definately return to the Fitz!!!!!!!!!	
Aug 4 2004	My home away from home	I have stayed at the Fitz for many years. We have always had a great time and felt welcome. The staff are great and will do anything for you. We can almost always check in early and get a late check out that makes it great for late departures. Say hello to Patrick at the craps table for me when you get there	
Aug 3 2004	Nice Room Nice People= Great Experience!	Before our trip last weekend to Las Vegas we did some research and saw a number of negative reviews on the Fitz. But, they offered the best deal ($49.00!) for a weekend room and money was an issue (isn't it always?) so we decided to give it a try anyway.Good decision!Frankly, we were expecting an older room that might be in need of remodeling, but even that would have been acceptable. For us, going to Vegas isn't about the room- we're hardly in it anyway. lolWhat we got was a very pleasant surprise!Though we arrived VERY late (2:00AM) due to a terrible accident on the I-15 (we were parked for nearly an hour!), they were able to give us an upgraded, recently remodeled room on the 19th floor with a wonderful view of the strip. It was clean, spacious, quiet and very comfortable.From the moment we arrived to our departure Sunday afternoon, everyone was nice. The food was fine, the casino wasn't too crowded and we won a little money too! (Don't worry, they got it all back!!)We had a great time downtown and happily spent nearly all of Saturday wandering from casino to casino and enjoying the many shops and vendors.Some people have complained about slow elevators and we didn't experience that at all. The longest we waited was perhaps one minute and most of the time it was only a few seconds. Also, and for those of you like me who schlepp their own luggage to and from the car, the parking garage elevators and the guest room elevators are only 50 feet or so apart. I've been in some hotels where it's a half-day hike! For me, it's little things like that that make a big difference. Same thing with the room. Though we were as far from the elevators as possible, because it's not a gigantic hotel, the walk wasn't bad at all.I've never stayed downtown before, but I would book another room at the Fitz without hesitation!Our only complaint, and this is a tiny one, would be the parking garage. It's very small and cramped, but if that's the worst I can think of, I'd say they did a pretty good job!Thank you Fitz for one of the best weekends I've spent in Vegas!	
Jul 22 2004	Nice but should have been better.	Although, the hotel itself was very nice and we loved the location, we were not satisfied with our room. We had problems with dirty toilets and dirty sheets when we arrived. Our tub had a huge crack in it so when we showered it flooded or floor. And when our air conditioner kicked in, it sounded like a car hit the wall.	
Jul 20 2004	Cheep 	I have just returned from a stay at Fitzgeralds Hotel &amp; Casino. I found the hotel quite dated in decor and furnishings, however, its rates reflect this as we only paid $65. Fremont Street is a lot of fun and I'm glad we got to spend at least one night there. It is cheap and cheerful and worth seeing, especially the light show. All the staff at the hotel were very friendly, however, it was a little irritaing when we asked if someone could get us a cab and we were told no that everyone was busy! Also the noise from the air conditioning unit in the bedroom would wake the dead, it was so loud that neither of us slept well that night. In the end we had to turn it off and put up with the heat. Also be warned the lifts can be somewhat slow so try and get a low floor room then at least you can use the stairs. If you are looking for cheap accommodation it is the place to go but do not expect the Ritz as you won't find it here.	
Jul 19 2004	Good to their guests	We just returned from Vegas and had a great time. Fitzgeralds treats it's guests wonderfully. We saw Celine Dion's show at Ceasars, it was amazing expensive but worth it.	
Jul 10 2004	Our favorite Hotel in Vegas	We always have a great stay at this hotel. We love to stay downtown and the rooms here have everything a gambler wants: very clean and comfortable. The staff is always helpful. The rooms are perfectly located (the elevator from the tower opens up right into the casino - no 1/4 mile walk like the big places). The food is good. We love Limerick's steakhouse. Awesome crab legs and a ton for a cheap price. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 1 2004	got lucky in vegas	stayed at fitzgerald in april in 2004. left stay with $2000 more than i came with winning at a variety of slots. booked a 3 night stay and hotel from detroit for $500 for two. recieved free nights for secound vacation any time within the next 6 months. Entertainment was decent and free. down town hotel easy walking distance to a dozen different casinos. Did witness the police fight with a couple of criminals outside hotel on different nights. would recommend the fitzgerald i have already made reservation for return trip.	
Jun 27 2004	Love the Fitz!!!	A great deal and a good hotel. Room was clean and comfortable, staff was great. Downtown is safe, clean, and people are treated much better down here. Will only stay downtown from now on.	
Jun 14 2004	Comfortable room	My husband and I stayed at the Fitzgeralds for 4 nights in March 2004. It was the first time for me and he had previously stayed there with some buddies of his on a prior trip. The room was comfortable, clean and spacious. The food was okay. Would likely return on future trips.	
Jun 10 2004	It was okl	The rooms were clean, SOME staff was friendly but their slots were so tight. My husband went to the bar for a drink and was charged for the drink and we had spent way over $1000.00 this was very upsetting so we decided to gamble only at other casinos for the rest of our stay. I did find looser slots at the other casinos. I did enjoy one of their table games I had only found in this casino. I was upset with them trying to pull promotions on me as I entered and exited the casino. I Think I will try somewhere new to stay next year.	
May 27 2004	Great Value	Go to Vegas twice a year. This was our first stay downtown. Poker tournament was within walking distance. I will stay downtown from now on. Fremont st. is always jumping with a festive crowd. Stores and eateries are close to all of the casinos. The Fitz was the best. Small casino but very friendly from the valet to the front desk. Couldn't have asked for better service. Rooms were clean, quiet and comfortable. Everybody working there seemed to be &quot;proud&quot; of their hotel. $1 roulette and $3 craps during the day. Good odds at the craps table. I travel in my work and I know hotel rooms. If you want good value for your money the Fitz is the place. 	
May 24 2004	Great place to stay and reasonable	For the money you can't beat it. Great rooms. Extremely nice staff. I have stayed on The Strip and downtown at the Nugget and when we return next year we will be staying at The Fitz	
May 21 2004	stay downtown!	I recently spent a week at Fitzgerald's and a week at Harrah's on the strip. I was pleasantly surprised at the great service and employees at Fitzgeralds. The hotel is an older establishment and a bit smaller than some of the casinos but it was clean and the service was great. The downtown area might be older but they know how to treat their guests.In contrast, Harrah's is fancy and modern but the entire week I spent there was very frustrating. There were very few people working the floor and then they were usually in a group chatting and I had to wait several times before getting questions answered or directions.Waitresses were few and far between and it took a long time for them to bring the ordered drinks. Very few restrooms near the floor where the table games were. The only plus was the terrific cookies they left in our rooms each evening.	
May 21 2004	OK FOR THE $$$$$	OK for the money. Casino very smokey. Room ok,quiet. mollys buffet not worth the money. Go to the golden nugget for the best buffet.	
May 13 2004	For the money it's a good deal	On the weekend when all of the hotels on the strip were charging $200+ we were able to stay at the Fitz for $44/night! It's older and quite smokey, but the front desk people were super nice, and our room had a jacuzzi tub. It's on the style of an older Holiday Inn-type room, and not particularly up to date, but doable. Beds are not great. It is also fun to see the older, downtown area, and I think if we had stayed on the strip we would have missed it. Kind of a nice break from the Disney-esque strip. 	
May 11 2004	Great Bang for The Buck	We stayed at Fitzgeralds last year and have reservations again this yeare. Clean reasonable rooms, free shows, friendly staff, Fremont St. Experience, and loose slots. Who could ask for anything more? Also, food was good and reasonably priced.	
May 8 2004 	loved the Fitz!	My husband and I just returned from a GREAT 5 night stay at Fitzgeralds in Las Vegas.We were really surprised to find so many friendly people and employees at the Fitz. The food at the Shamrock cafe was the best we have ever eaten.We didn't care for the buffet at Mollys. We really enjoyed the whole Fremont experience and would love to stay at Fitzgeralds again.We had always stayed on the strip.....but not anymore,it will be Fitzgeralds for us.	
May 2 2004	Great Value: A Fun Low-Roller Vacation	&quot;The Fitz&quot; offers a warm and festive atmosphere, and it's so easy to navigate, especially compared to those huge places on the Strip. I stayed there from April 4-8 and had a great time. This place offers some great deals, and I was pleased with the condition of the rooms and amenities. The pool is small, but it is very clean and pleasant. I love Downtown Vegas, because it really feels like Vegas is supposed to feel. If you want to spend a few days playing the slots, eating, drinking, and relaxing, this is the place.	
Apr 13 2004	Fitz's great bargin!	I just spent 4 days at Fitzgeralds with 3 childhood friends. We got our rooms through Priceline for $50 a night. I found them to be clean and quiet. It was wonderful to enjoy the Fremont experience right out the front door of the hotel. I didn't know if we had made a mistake not staying on the strip but after staying downtown I was happy we did.One thing we weren't happy with was the buffet. One of my friends found a bug in her salad and the staff was rather rude about it, displaying an &quot;All Well&quot; attitude.Would we go back? Heck yes...we are planning on returning next Spring. Just watch your salad!!	
Apr 12 2004	Clean and Reasonable	Recently stayed at the Fitzgerald's downtown Las Vegas, April 1-4, 2004 with two other friends. Room was comfortable, bathroom roomy. Staff friendly. Russell at the Daquari Bar was not the most pleasant bartendar. Go to the free Elvis show. Lots of fun. I would stay at the Fitzgerald's again.	
Apr 11 2004	Great Value	We stayed 4 nights at The Fitz in December. The room was comfortable and clean. The casino was fun to play in &amp; comps were not hard to come by. We enjoyed downtown Las Vegas and The Fitz was a great value!	
Apr 10 2004	first downtown stay	My wife and I decided to stay on Fremont St. mainly because it was a lot less expensive. The workers at the Fitz were very freindly. The hotel is old but kept in nice shape. The elevators do take a while to get to the floors. During our stay someone won one of the cars on a nickel slot machine!!! The food was good. The noise from Fremont st. (there is a band shell right next door) on the weekends is loud but it is a weekend who needs to sleep before 2:00am. We were happy with our stay and will be returning here.	
Apr 10 2004	excellent deal can't beat it!	My wife and I stayed at Fitzgeralds with another couple for 4 days beginning on March 8. This is the third time to stay there. We always get a great deal. Use America West, cheap packages. The valet service is excellent. We don't eat there, but the nickle slots are pretty good. The rooms are clean, good size, we stayed on the 34th floor this time, and had a good view of the Western casino and all its lively nitelife. Was happy to see the new pool. Overall, the new owners are making a good place even better. Only one complaint, the elevators are notoriously slow. But, who is in a hurry when you are on vacation? We will continue to stay at the Fitzgerald.	
Apr 4 2004	downtown at fitzgeralds	stayed at fitzgeralds downtown,waited 15 minutes for an empty elevator when checking out monday morning.Finally had to walk down the stairs. Freemont street light expierence also was bad.Only half working.	
Mar 30 2004	Great times at Fitxgeralds and Downtown Las Vegas	 We used to stay at the Golden Nugget-the cost was enormous -especially on the week-ends. I am elderly with a disability and you always had to walk so far to get to the different towers. I did not like their card system either-you had to stay at one machine to accumulate points. We then decided about four years ago- we'd try the Fitzgerald. And we just love it and couldn't ask for more.! We get good comps- they run contests-food is delicious with a variety of restaurants. And with their card system - you can move to as many machines as you'd like and the points are given to you. The rooms are nice-but needed a little sprucing up-but from what I see -the new owners have just done that. Even a swimming pool has been put in. We are looking forward to our stay for 9 days at the end of this month. I think if you stay there-you and your family will love it too! 	
Mar 8 2004	Like The Downtown	Just returned from a 5 night stay at Fitzgeralds. Avoided the internet travel agencies and dealt directly with America West Vacations.. Why pay the middle man..270 bucks for a five night, 6 day stay from Seattle..(Air alone was over 200 dollars)...Had a nice room on the 27th floor, nice view and clean room...Sheryl allowed me to check in at 11 am....only took about 5 minutes...Housekeeping was not too great as they did not leave soap and shampoo..a simple call took care of the problem...hotel operator was great...called to make sure I got messages...Buffet was not good..cashier couldn't get MC to work, so she had hostess read off my card numbers, twice, loud, in front of several other people..not good policy!!! Tight slots, so went to 4 Queens where there were loose slots...Will stay again in April...	
Mar 8 2004	Nice Visit to Vegas	Our overall trip was great. We stayed at the Fitzpatrick and had read a review that said to ask for a corner room above the 19th floor. We did and got one and it was a beautiful view of the mountains and vegas lights. Overall, for the price of the rooms they were good. The rooms were clean and we had no problems while staying at this hotel. We usually stay on the strip and this was our first attempt to stay downtown. It was fun.	
Mar 3 2004	Wonderful Tim	We stayed on a Saturday night. Got a great rate through -------. We had two rooms on the 23rd floor. Rooms were average. No complaints. Staff was extremely friendly. Ever staff member we saw said hi and asked how we were doing. Had a problem late at night with a loud party in room next door. Security took care of it. Ate lunch at the cafe. Food was ok but not excellent. Had two little kids with us. No problems. Had McDonalds. Location is wonderful. Walk right outside to see the Fremont show. Would stay again.	
Feb 25 2004	Great Trip!	We spent 4 nights at Fitzgerlds Casino &amp; Hotel Feb 9th through Feb 13th and had a very pleasent experience. Accomodations were more the adequate. Our room had a free complimentry valuables safe and a great view of the sourounding area. Hotel employees were very friendly and efficient. While the slots did not treat me very well my sister hit the &quot;Nickle Mania &quot;progressive twice for over $550.00. The Fremont Experience light show and easy access to the other downtown casinos was a nice change from the glitz of the strip.l	
Feb 20 2004	Downtown... great value!	My husband and I stayed at Fitzgeralds and were more than pleased with the service, friendly staff and the value. We loved the food at Limerick's Steakhouse and even caught one of the free shows in the showroom. It was &quot;2 Gals and a Guy&quot; and was a magic and music show and was really fun. Downtown is how I imagine Vegas used to be... we won't stay anywhere else in future trips!	
Feb 10 2004	Great value and atmosphere	I stayed at Fitzgeralds Feb 6-9. This was my first stay downtown after approximetaly 20 visits to large strip hotels. The purpose of this particular trip was simply to relax and have a good time gambling and recharging my batteries which has become increasingly hard to do on the strip because of the lines, high prices and unpleasent gambling.I was very pleased with Fitzgeralds! The room was a bit dated but was absolutely spotless. The in room safe is also a nice convenience.I really enjoyed the friendly atmosphere of the staff as well as the other visitors. The gambling there was a blast...win or lose! It was very easy to get around the hotel and casino.The thing I really enoyed about staying downtown was that there was the lack of long lines and long walks which can really suck the life out of you on the strip. There was also many great food values to choose from. However, Fitzgeralds is going to have to do something to offer better quality mainstream food to round out the property.Bottom line- Fitzgeralds is a fantastic downtown hotel and I can't wait to go back.	
Jan 29 2004	Thoughly enjoyed	My husband and I came to Las Vegas Oct. 2003. It was a belated honeymoon trip. We stayed at Fitzgeralds and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The front desk staff were very, very friendly. They gave us an upper floor room as they knew that we would like a view. The room was very nice, spacious and clean. Very comfortable. The only thing I would add to the rooms is a coffee pot. They come in handy when you have to have your coffee in the am. The view was beautiful and right on the downtown shops and casinos. Thank you Fitzgeralds for a wonderful trip.	
Jan 20 2004	Affordable Accomodations	With a Fitz's comp card you get reduced room rates, cash back and build up comp dollars to use for other purchases. Have stayed at most of the Downtown hotels, and The Fitz rates right up there, for the price. Andres, a sportsbook bartender is great. It's fun when you walk up to the bar and he remembers who you are from the last trip. If he tries to give you betting tips, bet the opposite. I have stayed there at least 10 times, and the only misfortune I had was, one time, only 2 of the 4 elevators, were operable for a day or so. I will continue to return, unless they quit honoring the comp card and it's benifits.	
Dec 25 2003	fun atmosphere was slightly disappointedconsidering	My nephew had referred The Fitz. to us, we usually stay at the GN, the weekend we were there, last weekend in August, 2003. we could of stayed at GN for the same price, but wanted to try something different. The only reason we didn't leave after the first night(besides being to lazy to pack) was because the hotel maids on the 21st floor were THE BEST! I wish I could remember their names, but they were superb and knew their job from the floor up! Not only did they greet us as we passed in the halls in the A.M.&quot;s the asked us if we had any special requests! We did talk with a couple of the bartenders and they were cool too. We really didn't ask for any service, but everyone was kind. I think we just like the plushness of the GN and I like the security at the elevators at the GN made me feel 'safe' when I came down stairs to play the slots w/o my husband. Elevators at the Fitz. could be scary at times, they say 11 passengers, but when we were there, it seemed like many more tried to squeeze on. Yikes! The entertainment that weekend was excellent,only(the comic Wild Bill)made some inappropriate coments about New Yorkers and 9-11, which insulted a few people who ended up walking out, we did too, and we are'nt even from NY. They did have a sax player/group 1 black man and 1 white man that were totally hot ,I don't think they are there now, I didn't see them on the ent. list for the Fitz. I think the Fitz. was ok but if the GN offers the same price I'd stay there in a heart beat! We did have a great view on floor 21 though, I think the housekeepers forgot to clean the window though. ... Slots were tight I blew alot on the wheel of fortune the first night quarters, previously I had won big there. go figure.	
Dec 18 2003	Fitzgerald's - Best Deal In Vegas	My wife and I usually stay on the strip, but this last time we decided to stay in &quot;Old Town&quot; for a change, Dec. 6th - 9th 2003. Fitzgeralds was recommended to us, so we decided to stay at Fitzgeralds to check it out.From the time we arrived at Fitzgeralds, we found that the service by all the hotel staff was excellent, from the people in valet parking, the Bell Captain, the front desk clerk and even the Manager On Duty who greeted us.The room and bathroom was clean 100%, and the maid service was very punctual every morning at about 10AM on our floor ... The changed the sheets and cleaned the bathroom everyday.If you want a nice corner room with a nice view, ask for room #1942 on the 19th floor. Nice view of the end of the strip and also of the mountain range.Contrary to what others have written, everytime we summoned the elevator, it was there within a minute or two at the most.Limericks Resturaunt in the hotel was excellent, the food was cooked just as we ordered it , prime rib and their specialty chicken, and was served in a reasonable time without any long wait time even though it was busy.The waitresses that made the rounds we punctual, and they seem come around about every 10-15 minutes without fail. I was impressed, because I was drinking Bud, and every time around, the waitress asked if I would care for another Bud.We are slot players, and it seems that Fitzgerald's is the place for the loose slots in Old Town.Would we go back again - YES, FOR SURE Would we recommend it - YES, FOR SUREPeople complain in their reviews about the bands on Freemont Street. It is unfair, because the ones who write a bad review DO NOT tell you that one stage is in the alley right beside the hotel. OF COURSE YOU WILL HEAR THE MUSIC !!!! The bands only play until 11-12 PM, and most of us are still up at that time. If you are the type that goes to bed at 9 PM, Freemont Street is not for you.For the best deal in &quot;LAS VEGAS&quot; - FITZGERALD's We'll never go back to the strip ..........Al &amp; Mary Springfield, MA	
Nov 30 2003	Very bad experience	Just returned from a 2 week stay in Vegas. I usually stay at the Golden Nugget but this trip I decided to try to save some money (usually my employer is paying but this trip was on me). I had an offer from Fitzgeralds for 3 nights free so I decided to take them up on it. This was the first time I have stayed there. I was in room 1824. Room looked nice at first but soon started finding problems. Noise from Fremont Street Experience and other Bands playing on Fremont Street was unbelievable! I could hardly hear the TV over the noise. Air Conditioner/Heater was very noisy. Toilet wouldn't flush most of the time. Even though I was on the 18th floor, I had a very strong smell of cooking food from the restaurants on the second floor. Parking garage was sort of scary! If I ever did try it again, I would defiantly want a different room! On the plus side, I love their Casino! The great thing about Downtown is you can stay at any of several Hotels and it is a short walk to any of the Fremont Street Casino's. I definitely prefer Downtown to the Strip.	
Nov 26 2003	Used to love the place	My family and I have been part time residents of Vegas for A LONG time! I was married out there and we go out at least 3 times a year. My favorite place to stay and gamble WAS at Fitzgeralds. We were very happy with service, comps and rooms. The last time I was at &quot;The Fitz&quot; Mr O'Lucky was no longer there to rub and I had a the only cocktail waitress that I seen argue with me and poke me with her pen when I tried order two drinks. (one of them for my 78 year old grandfather) What kind of service is that??? Along with the new comp system put into place, I will unfortunatly not be going back when I return to Las Vegas.	
Jul 7 2003	Good place!	I think your reaction to this place will depend on what you pay. It can be insanely cheap here. Fitzgerald's is a giant high rise hotel on Fremont St. in a wonderfully fun location that's a little more realistic that the Strip. There are no super-fancy stores here but the street is covered and pedestrian only with lots of other kind of retro high rise hotel and casinos. I found it very refreshing as an alternative to the major crowds and needless expensive of the Strip. There's a light show every night.The hotel is clean and the rooms are what you'd expect from a 3 star hotel. You may wait a bit to check in but nothing like the monster lines at the places on the Strip. You may be a bit aggravated by the elevator wait. Beyond that, I was pretty happy and would certainly stay again (and I have).	
Jun 30 2003	Where it's at in downtown	My husband and I go to Vegas every year. We stay on the strip for a few days and then down town for a couple more. We just love the Fitzgerald's. The location is great. The light show is there and Limerick's Steakhouse is a must try if you stay at Fitzgerald's. AWESOME! The rooms are tidy and spacious and the staff is pleasant. Best of all it's economical.	
Jun 5 2003	Used to be a nice place but now........		
May 20 2003	Good Value		
Apr 11 2003	Like Fitzgeralds		
Jan 21 2003	Enjoyable		
Jan 15 2003	Fun Fun Fun!		
Jan 8 2003	Learn from my experience !!!		
Aug 13 2002	Fitzgerald's Stay		
Aug 11 2002	Fitzgeralds Casino 		
Aug 8 2002	New owners steal comps! Beware!		
Nov 6 2001	BEST BANG FOR THE BUCK NO QUESTIONS ASKED		
Sep 16 2009 	Alt Stadt we vom Strip		
