	Our go-to budget friendly Vegas hotel	Have stayed there four times in the past 3 years, the most recent being Thanksgiving weekend. Unless there is a special occasion warranting a better hotel, this is the only place I stay when I go to Vegas. The property is nice and the the rooms are huge, clean, relatively nice, and cheap. My only real complaint is with the separate $10 nightly resort fee they tack on once you check in. It covers free wi-fi in the public areas, pool and gym use, and parking. They should just include that fee in the rate like other hotels do (even if they have to bump the rate up) or make it optional for those who don't need to use those amenities. Seems kinda bait and switchy to me. Anyway, more good-to-know stuff: - If you join their free members club, they mail you coupons, which this time got us a $25 nightly rate at Thanksgiving as opposed to the $59 rate otherwise. Still had to pay the resort fee though!- The walls are thin. The first 2 times we stayed here, the people walking in the room above us kept us awake at night. Since then we have requested the top floor and noise hasn't been a problem. - Marilyn's Cafe is good. You have to walk through the small, smoke-filled casino to get to it though. The little pizza/hot dog place is decent, too.- The kitchen area has a sink, stove, and fridge. But without pots and pans, what good is a stove? They should provide microwaves instead. - Parking can be a challenge at night. You might have to park far away and walk through the dimly lit lot and/or pathways to get to your building (it never felt unsafe though). - Don't expect perfection. The old school televisions in the rooms have been slightly fuzzy every time we've stayed there. There has always been some manner of patchwork in the bathroom, like a poorly fixed tile, visible screws holding the vanity together, a loud vent, etc. This last time, we remarked on the lack of padding in the carpet (seriously, it was like walking on cement) and took offense to the sign in the bathroom warning us that we would be charged for taking towels (kinda low rent and tacky in my opinion). This may just be my thing, too, but the box springs looked like they had seen better days...and lots of travelers!- The rooms are laid out like a big open box. The sleeping, living, and kitchen areas are all together with only the bathroom being separate. I prefer suites where the sleeping area is separate for privacy and a more homey feel. All in all, Tuscany is still a good value though. We'll be back!	
	Bogus charges in your bill	I had an overall ok stay. the rooms are huge but has a stale smell.The worst experience when checking out i had 3 bogus charges which they refunded one right away after some hassel and told me they would refund the other 2 (long distance calls which I never even made)!But just got my credit card bill and they never refunded the 2 charges...This is ridiculous.	
Nov 20 2009 	Nice place to stay	A bit of a walk to the strip but it's centrally located and near the monorail. Marilyn's Cafe was excellent and had great service.	
Nov 19 2009 	Great Price for a NICE place so close to the strip! Very un-Vegas...	Our business event was at a hotel/casino straight down on the strip, the white original nice one on the corner... We have stayed there, but I never felt I got my money's worth for what they charge. Tuscany Suites, however, was the opposite! Can't BELIEVE what we got for under $100 total per night! Additionally, we received a coupon book that made it an even better deal for dining, drinks, and gambling. A total steal.EVERYONE who works there that we interacted with at this place was genuinely nice, even the phone operators; they were all REAL people and seemed to like their jobs. Employees consistently went beyond what was required - reservations, front desk, etc. The room, well it's what everyone else describes. HUGE! It would make a GREAT studio apartment. We kept our snacks and drinks in the fridge. You can request a microwave if you want one. There's a table and chairs, PLUS a &quot;living room area,&quot; PLUS a desk, then the bed was waaaay over on the other side. The bathroom had a separate shower and bath, huge.The restaurants, bars, and casino were all very nice. I noticed it's NOT full of &quot;creepy people.&quot; The people who choose this place are a mix, but normal people, various ages, smart enough to not pay 3 times as much less than a mile away on the strip, apparently. Even the gift shop was full of surprisingly nice items, not just the usual Vegas tourist crap.We didn't go to the live music club and dancing, but we were around it for a bit, and again, nice, normal people, decent drink prices, good cover band. Dana, the manager of the Italian restaurant Tuscany Gardens, was great. She left me her cell number to accommodate the large party I wanted to book. The prices there were VERY good, as if were were in a normal town. By pricing, you would never know you were near the strip! The service was truly great as well, they handled our big party wonderfully. Dinner entrees were only $13-$15 for most listed. Everyone in our party of 20 was quite pleased with price and quality, and it's a pretty restaurant.I feel like we discovered a hidden gem right off the strip. It's not just a great price, it's also NICE.	
Nov 16 2009 	A Peaceful Gem	We booked our room online at an excellent price and were more than satisfied with the value for the money. The room was huge and the grounds beautiful and well kept. It was 1 km from the strip yet hidden from the noise of the city. The pool area and patio were lovely for relaxing. We ate at the restaurants on site and the meals were reasonably priced with good food and service. There was ample free parking. It would have been nice to have free internet in our room but there was free wireless in the lobby and around the pool.	
Nov 16 2009 	We would definately go back there	Great weekend price and a HUGE well maintained room. Fridge, sink, sofa bed, separate shower, tub and toilet in its own room make this perfect for families or even couples. Parking is a breeze, food in all of the resturants was above average and well priced. Casino was well laid out and very clean. All of the employees we encountered were polite and knowlegable. The walk to the Strip was not very long, but a bit perilous due to construction and a seedy bunch of locals. This is not unusual for off strip locals, and that is too bad. There are a lot of nice places to visit and eat within a few blocks of the strip. Vegas needs to improve the look and the safety of ALL the streets adjacent to the strip. Side walks, crosswalks and street lighting are a joke for a city this size and with that much tax revenue, but I think the big hotels fight this to keep people from wandering away and not spending every dime in their rip-off super hotels, home of the $13.00 hamburger.	
Nov 12 2009 	Training	Very nice rooms, very large, good location, only a few blocks from the Strip	
Nov 11 2009 	New spacious gracious and QUIET	This hotel is absolutely the best of both worlds. It's a block and a half from the strip on E. Flamingo, but an entire world away from the craziness. We paid $79 for a Saturday night and only $35 (!!!) for the Sunday night after fleeing from our pre-paid pigstye at the Imperial Dump (aka the Imperial Palace). Our SUITE at Tuscany was easily 3 times the size of the room at the Imperial Dump. It was huge, NEW, and blissfully quiet. The beds were luxury-hotel style and sheer heaven after the lumps of rocks that pass for beds at the Imperial Dump. We ate at Marilyn's at Tuscany - the food was excellent, nearly HALF the price of the Imperial Dump, and the service was fantastic. From the ladies at the front desk, to the concierge and everyone in between, the service at Tuscany was top notch. Even better, you didn't have to compete with cigarette-toking, half-drunk partygoers to get to where you wanted to go in the hotel. They have a great casino which hops at night, but the smoke-free guest rooms are situated well away from the noise. This hotel is walking distance (or a short cab ride) away from all the action, but heaven to come back to at night. Oh, and parking is easy, free and directly in front of the hotel (no walking miles to get your car or using a valet, although a valet is readily available at Tuscany). They also have free wi-fi, excellent conference and banquet facilities, as well as an absolutely beautiful wedding chapel. We paritcularly enjoyed the oasis of the centre-court garden and swimming pool - we felt like we'd arrived at some Caribbean resort, not a hotel in the middle of Vegas. We have made this hotel our absolute number one pick for the next time we're in LV.	
Nov 9 2009 	Watch out for price changes	We loved our stay until we were charged a different rate than our travel companions. Seven calls and being sent from one person to another and they can't explain why we paid more than our friends for the same type of room. They refused to budge so I will NEVER stay there again! Be very careful when you make your reservations!!! WE were ripped off and NO ONe there was willing to help.	
Nov 6 2009 	Great hotel at a great rate	This beats staying on the strip. It's about a 10 minute walk to the middle of the strip (Bellagio). The staff was wonderful. Really pleasant and ready to help. Always smiling and polite. The restaurants there are a great value with good food. It was exceptionally clean and the rooms are HUGE. The staff really worked hard to keep it clean. A quiet respite from the Strip. You can easily walk but we wouldn't walk late at night - street people. We walked back from shows at 10:00 with no problem. If you are driving and traveling, it's so convenient to have your car near your room, rather than walk to a parking structure.	
Oct 31 2009 	Great place - great price	This hotel was very reasonably priced. It has spacious clean rooms and very clean grounds/facilities/casino. My conference was held here and the room for the meeting was clean, food service was good, and was not too hot or too cold. The food at Marilynn's Cafe and the Cantina was excellent for the price, the Tuscany Garden's was a bit over rated. We were in walking distance of the strip and when we needed a cab, one was easily found.	
Oct 28 2009 	A Hidden semi-emaculate Gem	I booked the room a couple weeks before arrival, was searching online and found a decent deal. Upon arrival, since it was memorial day weekend a lot of people discovered the same deal i did. Checking in was a short wait, with a bland but helpful front desk associate. When I asked for a particular section, she made a great recommendation. The parking was easy, fairly close to the room, only problem was that there is no garage. In the summer months (10 mo out of the year) your car will be set to hell!! Upon entering the room, it was very clean with a crisp, just cleaned smell. My girlfriend noticed, that she would need more pillows. I called housekeeping and within 10 min, an abundance of pillows were brought to the room. Being the diva that she is, noticed that she needed more hangers as well. More then the 10 that are supplied for you. After my request was made, I couldn't hang up the phone before a knock was heard at the door. The housekeeper was there with a smile on his face and fist fulls of hangers. She was happy and he was happy with his tip. The bathroom counter space was large, with enough room for her bathroom nick-nacks, and my toothbrush. The shower and tub were separate a nice surprise, since most standard rooms on the strip have a shower/tub combo. There was also a water closet, that housed a toilet. Only problem is that our door was not properly aligned. Overall the size of the room, bathroom and bed, were great. The bed was very comfortable, could have stayed in it for hours and hours. Yes the t.v lacked the channels that we have at home. If you pay 200 for the weekend to watch tv, vegas is not for you. Our room was on the first floor, unlike everyone else our stay was extremely quiet, we made our own noise just to test out the thickness of the walls. Walking the grounds of the hotel was very relaxing, you did not feel the vegas nature. Had a resort like feel, with nice subtle earth tones, a nice quaint Italian feel. The casino was a short walk right off the main building. We got the free players club and fed the machines. our first meal was at the Mexican restaurant, the food was good at a nice cost. had enough to take back our room and fridge it for later. All n all we enjoyed our stay upon leaving the lady who assisted us with check out was extremely helpful and gave us great tips for next time. As we hopped back onto the strip my girlfriend noticed that she forgot her ipod and check book. we immediately called the hotel, and they confirmed that they found it and would have it waiting for us when we returned. Before heading back to cali, we made our stop back picked up the ipod and check book. I would recommend this to everyone!We loved it so much, I just made another reservation for next month. See you there!	
Oct 26 2009 	Fantastic Experience!!!	Our first trip to Vegas, booked online so we were very skeptical because of the bargain price. It exceeded all of our expectations. Great location, food, staff, pool and casino. Very clean! Very friendly! We can't wait to go back. We have already recommended it to all of our family &amp; friends.	
Oct 25 2009 	21bday	if you cant afford the strip or dont want the hustle and bustle stay here. cool lil casino Teq. bar and a block away from the strip across from the famous Lawlry's steakhouse and the roms are massive i mean massive	
Oct 25 2009 	Awesome	Great stay - close to Strip - yet far enough away.	
Oct 24 2009 	Very Relaxing Sept 09	My experience with this property - it was very relaxing, great being off the strip and every staff person I encountered was very friendly and accommodating. I'm ready to go back and booking my next trip in DecemberIn reading the reviews, it sounds like the peple part of the 800 group were pretty upset, but it sounds like it was more that they were mad with their travel coordinator who charged them $99 a night when the current rate was much lower. Even if your travel coordinator booked it 11 months in advance, they should have followed up and negotiated a better rate when they started to drop. ere's an example from an earlier post from one of the 800 group upset and shows how they over exaggerage. &quot;My assigned room was closer to Los Angeles than it was to the front desk and no amount of request or reminder that my pre-paid reservation had been made 11 months earlier would sway her in getting me moved to a room closer to the casino.&quot;	
Oct 22 2009 	Nice hotel with large rooms.	This was our first stay at Tuscany Suites and if we return to Las Vegas we will stay there again. Check in was smooth and walking to our room we enjoyed the landscaping and fountains. The rooms are in three story buildings spread out through the property and are easy to get to. We were pleasantly surprised by the large size of the rooms and how quiet and comfortable they were. The restaurants and service was good but the casino kicked my butt. That is nothing new for me. I did not like that they charge so much for the Internet in the rooms.	
Oct 21 2009 	Great rooms great location great price	I stayed at the Tuscany in late January 2008 while I played in a women's hockey tournament. It was one of the three tournament hotels, and I think it cost me $60/night. Cheap! It was nice to have a fridge &amp; micro, both of which worked just fine, and a table to eat at seemed absolutely lovely. The room was big and the furniture comfy. The bed was a bit firm.My only caveat is that the Internet connection is spendy ($12/night) and when we tried to use it through the TV, it was so slow (I'm talking you type one letter and wait 10 seconds for it to appear) that it was unusable. Thankfully, the front desk took the charges off our bill after we complained.It is like 2 blocks off the Strip, so it's quiet but totally doable if you want to walk the strip and play a few slots here and there. Nice!	
Oct 21 2009 	VERY NICE ROOMS 	The rooms at this hotel are HUGE and extremely clean. There was a kitchenette, sofa (pull out bed), chair &amp; desk. I was in a room to myself and felt like it was too big! The bathroom had a glass shower and separate bathtub. The bed was very comforable too. I enjoyed the casino very much also. The Mexican restaurant is very good and the cafe' was great for breakfast. Everyone was very nice and will stay there again on my next trip to Vegas.	
Oct 19 2009 	Terrible experience- Manager could give a hoot!!	I just returned from a stay at the Tuscany. Upon entering out room we were taken aback by the musty smoky smell. The carpet was dirty and there were stains on the dinette table. I immediately needed to take a shower because we were meeting up with friends. When I tried to exit the shower stall , I realized something was wrong. The door wouldn't open, no matter how hard I pushed. I started calling for my husband, but realized he'd stepped out for coffee. I was stuck in there for close to 20 minutes!!! When my husband returned he had a hard time trying to open the door. Apparently they had replaced the stall door handle with one that did not fit. Now here comes the fun part....on the last night of our stay we had to end the night a bit early because we had a long drive home and wanted to get some much needed rest., but around 4 in the morning there was a pounding on our door and someone told us to evacuate. We exited our unit and stood outside with the other guests. Turns out it was a false alarm. We tried to fall back asleep, but it was a bit difficult after waking up under those circumstances and also the people in the unit over us sounded like they were coming through the ceiling. I called the front desk to ask if we could check out a bit later (in the morning) because Our sleep had been interrupted. I was transferred to the hotel mgr's ext and I left a voice mail. I never heard back. When my alarm went off in the morning I was exhausted due to the earlier fiasco so I called the front desk again and asked if it was possible for us to stay an extra hour so we could try to get some sleep. I was transferred to the hotel manager's ext, Again and I left a voice mail. I didn't hear back in an hour, and I called again. Finally we just showered and got dressed to assure that we checked out at the normal designated time. When we went to the front desk I asked to speak with the manager. She came out And told me she received my messages, but she didn't know if I wanted a call back...??????? I had been waiting to hear back from her. When I shared my aforementioned complaint s she didn't seem concerned. I even asked her to come to the room and check out the shower door because I was worried someone (possibly a child) could get trapped in there again. She gave me her card and said &quot;I hope you'll try us again&quot;...........Why would I????	
Oct 19 2009 	Great room and resort without casino hassles.	The rooms are better than most casino properties with full living room area and wet bar, refrigerator. Liked that the rooms are separate from casino and you don't have to trek miles through casino and property to arrive at final room destination. Very amenable staff w/ can do attitudes. Great pool areas. Had a delicious dinner @ Tuscany Gardens. Friendly casino staff and service was quick. Really a gem of a property. Need to update furniture and put flat screen TV in room to make perfect, but pretty good as is.	
Oct 14 2009 	how could anyone complain	my brother and i stayed at the tuscany for six nights in september.the room was perfect--large, clean, comfortable, quiet, well lighted, convenient. four people could stay in one room very comfortably--if they get along! pool looked spacious and well kept. casino was small, but with a very friendly and helpful staff. restaurant off the casino served decent, reasonably priced food. we walked to the strip every afternoon &quot;to see the sights.&quot; eight minute walk, tops. (unless you decided to stop at the hot dog and beer for 2.50 watering hole about halfway. ) final comment. my girlfriend is very, very picky about her hotel rooms, but i would take her here in a heartbeat. and at their prices, she could have her very own room.	
Oct 14 2009 	Big room small price	Stayed in the tuscany 2 months ago and cant say a bad word against the place. Got the room for a very cheap rate for two nights. the suite was MASSIVE with a shower and bathtub. the room was also air conditioned. there are many blocks of suites around the hotel grounds so it is advised to remember a trail to your particular door as its easy to get lost. Breakfast in the hotel restaurant was great and plentiful. there is only a 5 to 10 mins walk to the main strip and for the price of the rooms it would be insane to splash out on a strip hotel rather than make the short walk. Perfect for a short stay in vegas	
Oct 10 2009 	Great hotel for the price.	Parking not a problem. Rooms located in several buildings and hard to locate the right building. Security locks on all buildings that are operated with room key. Needs more wastebaskets. Only ones were located in bathroom and the other one in the kitchen cabinet--not very convenient. Located just east of the strip.	
Oct 10 2009 	Nickle and Dime in Vegas	A mixed bag. They charge a compulsory 'resort fee' of $10 per night which 'covers the amenities offered by the hotel'. Why not just build this into the price structure instead of offering unrealistic prices as bait for the unwary? It is supposed to cover parking, etc but strangely doesn't cover wi-fi, which they say 'only costs $13.99 per day'! This was the only place we stayed on an 8 night trip to the US which didn't offer free wi-fi!! Surely a 'resort fee' should cover this.The guest laundry swallowed my coins and didn't work, and wouldn't return the coins. The front desk seemed reluctant to refund my money.The breakfast restaurant is separate from the hotel and you have to walk through the smoke-filled casino to get there. Staff there are inefficient and slow.On the plus side, the room was quiet, clean and spacious, and the location is convenient, just off the Strip and on a major road.	
Oct 9 2009 	A lot to like.	We stayed 4 nights at the Tuscany Suites and the place has a lot going for it particularly if you are looking for a good value and want to be close to the Strip (without having to put up with the nonstop frenetic craziness).As others have said, the rooms are huge with a separate kitchen area and bathrooms with a separate water closet. The furnishings are functional and nothing fancy. My wife described them as &quot;something you might find in a cottage.&quot; The TV was a standard screen with limited channels, but did you really come to Las Vegas to watch TV? My biggest room surprise was that this is the only Vegas hotel I've ever been in where you could open the windows all the way! Since it was in the low to mid 70's we kept the windows open the whole time we were there and didn't have to fuss with the AC. We had a king bed that was firm and comfortable.Unlike the high rise towers that dominate Vegas, Tuscany is made up of a compound of 16 three story buildings. The curvy pathways between are nicely landscaped so it's even fun to walk to the pool, casino, fitness center, etc. It's so peaceful that you could forget you're in Las Vegas until you look up and see the Strip hotels towering over you. Speaking of pools, there are two. The main one is a free form with a large jacuzzi. The second is a lap pool also with a jacuzzi. Both were very well maintained. In most other locations this property would likely be considered a 3-1/2 star place. Becuase it has to compete with likes of Wynn, Venetian, Mandalay Bay et al. it's tough to get that kind of rating.The casino is small and comfortably quiet. It had all the usual slots and table games. Drink service was very good and most of the staff was friendly. The one exception was the bartender who worked during the Monday Night Football party. He seemed to cater to his friends and ignore the rest of the bar. We didn't bother going to the lounge after that.We ate at the 24 hour coffe shop (Marilyn's Cafe) twice and the Mexican restaurant (Cantina) once. The staff was extremely pleasant and went out of their way to make sure everything was okay. The food was very good in both. There is also an upscale Italian restaurant which we didn't try.On check in we recieved a coupon book for BOGO at the restaurants along with a slot card incentive, free drink coupons and a few other goodies. Considering the extremely reasonble price of the rooms, the couplon book turned a good value into a great value.The Good: great location - 2 blocks from the strip Windows that open all the way Good water pressure in shower Pretty in a peaceful way. Free internet in the common areas. Mostly friendly staffThe Not So Good - Our room in Building L overlooked a vacant lot.. Ambient noise from the street. (but I guess that's the . price you pay for leaving the windows open.) Charge for internet in the room.None of these were major issues, and the hotel had no control over the first two. We would (and probably will) stay here again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Relaxing	Close enough to the Vegas action but far enough away to enjoy some quiet time. Nice amenities, clean, comfortable bed, but pillows to small and flat. Extra large bathroom with privacy toilet. Small kitchen w/table and chairs. Staff pleasant and helpful. Good food and drink.	
Oct 8 2009 	Hidden Gem	I've stayed at the Tuscany twice now. The rooms are quiet and spacious with a mini kitchen. You don't have to go through the casino to get to your room so access is quick and easy. A small fixed charge per stay - $9 I think - allows you to enjoy the pool, free wireless around the pool and conference area and secure parking in the premises. The weekday rates are also ridiculously low. Great value for money.	
Oct 1 2009 	Stay on the top floor	On the last night of our stay from 11:00pm to 4:00am someone or SOMETHING was jumping/pacing on the floor NON STOP and the floor would creak everytime they walked, sounded like a large adult pacing. Called security 4 times (4 times) and still nothing was done. Stayed at this place because it was a great price, location was decent (if you are a walker) which my husband and I are. Almost like an appartment complex, rooms are very spread out. We got lucky and were very close to the pool/casino/resturants and had a sliding door in our room that was nice. Casino was very good at paying.	
Sep 23 2009 	I've had apartments that were smaller than these rooms!	I was also there with the large group of 800 people (as in many of the other reviews) and I am a little shocked by the reviews of the staff. We had nothing but pleasant, helpful people attending to us. From checking in, to maid service, to the door men, to all the employees at the on site restaurants and casino. The rooms were massive and extremely clean and the hotel was very close to the strip. Definitely worth the room rate per night of $99 our group arranged. Yes, there were no utensils, cookware, or dishes to go along with the electric stove. I bet if I needed them though, the front desk would have sent them right up! But you are in Vegas! What are you doing staying in your hotel room and cooking anyway? Stay home! And yes, I wouldn't walk to the strip from the hotel at night alone. It's just a couple of blocks, but yeah.. kinda creepy. But hey, i wouldn't walk alone ANYWHERE in Vegas! hehehe	
Sep 23 2009 	Incredible facility for the money!	We stayed at the Tuscany for 2 nights. The rooms are HUGE! More like a small apartment. The pool was beautiful and grounds well kept. All staff was incredibly friendly and helpful! Casino staff made playing there fun! Food was very good and not expensive. It was close enough to the strip to walk, but far enough away to enjoy the facility when resting from the chaos of the strip. I can't say enough good things about this place and the price was more than right!! :)	
Sep 17 2009 	Remarkably quiet but drop breadcrumbs to your room.	I was booked into the Tuscany Suites and Casino as part of an event of about 800 people. The property is fairly new and, unlike many Vegas headliner hotels, is on the small side. It's conveniently located just east of The Strip on Flamingo, behind the Paris, Planet Hollywood and next to the Platinum, all of which loom over it. One of the Tuscany's draws for me was that its Casino is in a separate, but adjoining building. Therefore one is spared the cacaphonous ringing racket of slot machines, etc. encountered at most Vegas properties. There is a &quot;main&quot; building where one registers and finds several meeting rooms, a bar, and a high-end Italian restaurant of fairly good quality (the osso bucco was enormous and tasty as were the accompanying appetizers, bread, etc.). The rooms themselves are in 15 smaller, outlying buildings of 2-3 floors each identified by a letter. Herein lies the rub. The signage at the hotel is not particularly helpful, nor is the front desk staff because they are obviously familiar with the lay-out of the place and give superficial, fast directions. The xeroxed map is of little help either. For a first-timer, it can be confusing and vexing to find not only your building but the entrance closest to its elevator. The rooms are very spacious. My bathroom had loose faux-Tuscan tiles on the floor, a separate bath and shower, and a plentitude of towels, good toiletries, etc. The room's art work was neither Tuscan nor Vegas themed. It might have been the Amalfi coast, but that's only a stab. There's a sink, 2 electric burners, a mini-fridge and some rooms have microwaves (not mine). However they are of little use since there isn't one piece of cutlery, plates, cups, nor glasses (unless you count the - groan! - flimsy plastic ones) provided. There was a couch and easy chair but both are so low that it practically takes a crane to get you out. And, as with many hotels, there is woefully inadequate lighting by which to do any work or reading after sundown. Key cards are only good for one's own building and room. Therefore, if you invite someone from another building to your room, you were obligated to meet them at the building's (correct) entrance. The housekeeping staff were exemplary. The patio outside the main building is &quot;misted&quot; and the pool is good-sized. There's a good snack shop adjacent to the pool and the Casino has an adequate 24 hour restaurant. I was dismayed to learn that the hotel's on-line rate during my event was significantly lower than the convention rate I paid. That may have been the fault of the envent organizers. Caveat emptor!	
Sep 14 2009 	Stayed Here Again Liked It Again	I stayed here on a weekday in May 2009 for $18 on Hotwire. This time around, I didn't see a Hotwire description that matched the property, but I found a $22 rate online; however, a $10-per-stay resort fee has been added; still a better deal than per-day resort fees elsewhere. The other reviews and photos speak for themselves, but I want to say that my encounters with the front desk staff, maids and engineer (to replace the battery in the free room safe) were all positive during both stays. Perhaps this was due to my being there on slow days, or perhaps it was due to my being polite with them. If you're very budget-minded like me, consider getting the $4 24-hour pass on the local buses. Even if you arrived by car, you may find it convenient to use the frequent service on Flamingo two stops to Caesar's or Bellagio, or the half-hourly service on Koval to get to Circus Circus, Fashion Show Mall or Mandalay Bay. One night, I rode the Flamingo bus all the way east to play $2 blackjack with surrender at the Longhorn and pick up some groceries at Wal-Mart.Tip: If you are very concerned about security, make sure that the four outer doors to your particular building lock properly after closing. Consider, though, that in most hotels, anybody can enter the hallways.Finally, check out the Tuscany's fitness center and second pool / hot tub; more than you'd expect from hotels charging twice as much.	
Sep 13 2009 	Bad service overides all the good points!	I found the hotel staff, especially the front desk to be rude, spiteful, and lacking in BASIC customer service skills. I was with a large group staying at the hotel and if I owned this hotel i would be grateful that a convention of over 800 people wanted to stay in my hotel and I would make sure they knew how happy I was to accommodate them. Our group rate of $99. per night wasn't a bargain by any stretch but lets do the math...99.00 multiplied by 800 = 79,200.00 multiplied by 5 nights = $396,000.00 and of course there is no accounting for money spent at the casino, restaurants, bar, etc. If I could go back in time I would stop my group from going there! The front desk staff at this hotel is a good lesson in how NOT to treat customers. Any good things are simply outweighed by the staff's horrible service.	
Sep 13 2009 	ONLY STAY HERE IF YOU GET A VERY LOW ROOM RATE !!!	It is not worth the rack rate. We were with a large convention and felt we paid too much at $99/night for 5 nights.While the pool and restaurants are good, the rooms are only mediocre and the front desk staff all need major customer service training.We booked and paid a year in advance and requested a non smoking King size room . When we checked in we reminded them of our request and were told all was in order. We entered our assigned room to discover two double beds and not a king as requested.We complained in person to the fromt desk staff and were rudely told there were no King rooms available whatsoever and that there was nothing they could do, no upgrade, no meal comps, no discounts ... NOTHING !!!We asked to see the general manager (Trish) and were told the same story. We requested to be informed when a King became available . Walking back to our double room we noticed an available King being cleaned. We walked right in and called the front dest from the room phone. Realizng that her bluff had been called, the manager begrudgingly told us to switch rooms. This situation took 2 hours to resolve !There are some great room deals in Vegas these days ! You can do much better than this joint !!!	
Sep 12 2009 	Reasonable Rates But Lacking Previous Luster	Spent a nite at the Tuscany on Sun of Labor Day weekend since the rate was much better than we could get on the strip. We've been there before but this time we thought the rooms were showing their age. They are very large with a kitchenette and huge bathroom but our carpet was frayed and not as clean as we would have liked. When we tried to check in at 2:00 (check-in is advertised as 3:00) we were told that we could have an early check-in for $12 extra. We said we would wait. The woman at the front desk said she would take care of all of the paperwork since we were there but we had to come back at 3:00 to pick up our key which didn't seem to make much sense but then neither did the early check-in fee. We also had to pay an additional $10 &quot;resort fee&quot; when we checked out - we were told it was for the use of the pool, fitness center, etc, none of which we used. Can't figure out why that wasn't just included in the price of the room since it didn't appear to be optional. The hotel is located a couple blocks off the strip. Parking is free and convenient if you have a car. It's not a bad walk during the day but wouldn't have wanted to walk it without my husband in the evening. One very bright spot at the Tuscany is the Tuscan Garden Restaurant. They have very good and reasonably price Italian food. We've eaten there even when we aren't staying in the hotel and have always been pleased. As a hotel guest, we got a coupon for $20 off a bill of $40 or more in the restaurant which we were happy to use. All in all, the Tuscany is not a bad place to stay if you're looking for an inexpensive hotel, want a kitchenette, and don't mind being off the strip.	
Sep 12 2009 	Cheap clean ...perfect	Was in Vegas on a two day solo business trip and did not want to spend the $200.00 per night to sleep at the conference hotel. Saw this for $19.00 per night, plus taxes and a few other fees which make it about $35.00 per night. I asked for a quite roon and was given one of the rooms in a out building was was very quite. For that price I had a clean, very large studio apartment with microwave, stovetop, refrigerator, coffee maker, hair dryer, ironing board and shampoo. Fitness center and pool were also excellent. Ate in two of the restaurants and the food was very good and reasonable. I would hightly recommend.	
Sep 11 2009 	the best holiday ever	we have just returned from the tuscany suites. we had the best stay ever we have never been to vegas before but on this visit would return to vegas and ost definitely to the tuscany. the hotel was exactly what we needed the room was perfect and all the facilities were exactely what were expecting. we booked a tour with the hotel everything was spot on we booked show tickets with the hotel up to half price booth and were amazed with what we got (front row jersey boys tickets for saturday night amazing} we did have a minor problem and the hotel sorted it straight away thank you you made my 50 th birthday the best we ate in the hotel on a number of occasions used our coupons and we had excellent meals and service well done	
Sep 8 2009 	I will NEVER stay here again. EVER EVER EVER	The hotel manager, Tricia Johnson, is the the most inhospitable, inflexible, unwaivering, unhelpful, passive aggressive hotel manager i have ever encountered in my 55 years of life. My assigned room was closer to Los Angeles than it was to the front desk and no amount of request or reminder that my pre-paid reservation had been made 11 months earlier would sway her in getting me moved to a room closer to the casino. Finally, after working with our group executive, I was allowed to move to a more acceptable room location. This was in spite of this awful woman and not because of her.The hotel is generally ok, rooms are big and the food is good. It is sad that these positive attributes are overwhelmingly overshadowed by this awful, awful woman. Avoid this place and stay somewhere that values customer service and has a hotel manager that gives a darn about customer service.	
Aug 29 2009 	Unbeatable value for money!	The service at the hotel was not the best, but for the rate we paid, we really couldn't complain!!!! We had a massive room with seating area for between $23-$67 a night! The room was clean and well maintained, as was the hotel generally.The only issue with the rooms was that we travelled with a large group and at times we had to walk for 10/15 mins to get between rooms. Each block also has a secure front door and so there is no way of going to visit your friends in other rooms unless they come down the stairs and open the door for you.The price of the food in the restaurants was good value and the quality of food was acceptable.The location of the hotel is ideal because you are secluded from the hustle and bustle of the strip, yet still walking distance from the action.	
Aug 24 2009 	If you're not easily offended you will receive twice as much as you paid for.	This is not quite a vacationer's review of this hotel, but I spent 2 weeks here so I figured I'd be able to write a justified review. I just moved to Las Vegas, and the apartment I live in was not ready for me to move in until 2 weeks after I had already moved ( I had to come down in time for school ) so I needed a low budget place to stay. I thought, the price of the rooms were unfair. I booked this place for $39 a night, and it easily was an $80 or $90/night place in this day and age of everyone trying to make a buck, ESPECIALLY Las Vegas. I got coupons for no-strings-attached free food and drinks the day I checked in. The grounds are tidy and serene, the rooms are huge, the pool is great; I felt like I was getting more than I paid for the whole time. Here's the thing, pretty much the entire hotel staff is not the friendliest in Vegas and has a &quot; with the littlest effort possible&quot; approach to pretty much everything except Marilyn's cafe, their staff is awesome. Honestly, I really couldn't have cared less, I'm 21 and really didn't need anyone for anything as long as I wasn't inconvenienced in any way, and I wasn't. Guests I saw during my 2 week stay were mostly couples and families with young children, no rowdy drunk kids or anyone like that. Another review mentioned something about lack of security, I never pulled in or out without seeing security on bikes.	
Aug 20 2009 	Spacious and Serene	Having stayed on the Strip, we looked for an alternative place that would offer a more relaxed atmosphere, yet be close enough to all the action on the strip... Tuscany Suites was a great choice. Rooms were clean, spacious and extremely reasonable! $39 a night (Sunday through Friday) The palm trees and greenery gave it a tropical feel. It was close to Terribles and Ellis Island-- two great places to eat and &quot;play&quot;. Terribles offers many freebies(breakfast buffets, dinner deals and midnight steak and eggs), t shirts, hats, etc. for spending even a small amount of time at their machines. Many other great deals (food coupons and free play) can be had by purchasing the American Casinos book . We truly enjoyed a week at Vegas on a shoe string budget!	
Aug 20 2009 	brilliant	We have stayed in the Tuscany before and are always impressed by the quality of the hotel. Rooms are huge. Parking outside the room is such a perk. The grounds are very well maintained. For value this hotel can't be beat and so near the strip. Food in their restaurants excellent and really good value. Staff very friendly and helpful. Watch out for cab drivers they all try to long haul taking the longest route. To the airport a cab should cost about £14 inc tip.	
Aug 19 2009 	POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE AND ROOMS	I got injured at the hotel due to their negligence no one followed up if you are not under 30 I would not reccomend staying at the hotel, lack of security lots of yound drunk people	
Aug 16 2009 	Things happened in 2days 3nights stay.	I stayed on third floor at this hotel for two days three nights. One of my friend stayed at the same third floor in the same structure. Another friend stayed at first floor in the same structure. These are actual things happened in my short stay there.-Overflowing toilet in my friend's room-One of two keys did not work in my friend's room.-Key didnot work in my neighbor's room at all, end up changing thier room. (opposite room of mine).-My room was not cleaned and bed was not set up second day, while my freind's room was cleaned and their bed was set up.-One of my friends stayed in first floor, loudy noise of resident's step from upstairs (second floor) bothered him a lot.-Overcharging my bill. I booked this hotel directly from their website with my friend. We stayed in same building at same floor during same period. We checked out the same time. Total amount and ra oom charge was so different. I was overcharged a lot more than the rate I booked. I complained to front desk with my friend and my room charge was fixed at the rate I booked. I experienced these things above and I would not recommend anybody to stay there.Positive side of this stay were huge size of room and friendlyness of people there.	
Aug 15 2009 	Hotel has what it takes but service can't walk the walk	I made our reservations online a month before arriving. The Tuscany web page had a deal too good to pass up, around $20 a night. We checked in at the reservation desk and the lady took my credit card for incidentals, but charged me for a night's stay and a $100 deposit without informing me of the charges before hand. I wanted the option of paying cash or use a different credit card or both. I had to use two different credit cards. This also caused my wife to stress out about what these other charges were about. In my opinion this could have been avoided by breaking down the charges BEFORE they charge me. Strike one.The room was above average. Small suite size. mini kitchen and clean. We were waiting for our luggage that we sent via fed ex. We called the bell desk and they told us the box did not arrive. I call fed ex and it was confirmed delivered and signed 5 hours earlier. After notifying the bell desk that it was delivered, they found it and brought it to our room. Why do I have to hunt this box down when I'm trying to enjoy my vacation? Strike two.My wife and I were hungry and decided to go to Tuscany's 'The Cantina' Mexican restaurant. The hostess told us we would we be seated soon. We sat looking at 5 empty tables with half eaten food. After 10 minutes I had to pull aside the bus boy to have him clean one of the filthy tables. We sat and waited another 15 minutes before we received water and menus. As we ate our food, we wondered why the waitress disappeared. I paid for the bill using a 2 for 1 coupon (thankfully), and was asked by the hostess why I left no tip. I told her the service was embarrassing. Strike three !!The next night I played in the nightly Tuscany poker tournament and won it. Richard runs a nice friendly room. He treats everyone there as a friend. Classy guy. After the tournament I took my wife to Marilyn's Cafe inside the casino. It was a simple meal and tasty but we were made to wait over 10 minutes to pay our bill due to the cashier was the only one on staff who knew how to make a milk shake. Strike four.Oh yeah, the pool had enough chlorine fumes to remove your eye brows. Strike Five !!	
Aug 9 2009 	Some Room Renovations Were Better Than Others	We spent a total of ten, count ‘em,* ten* nights at the Tuscany, primarily for the same annual convention we attended last year. (See previous review.) Not much had changed in the casino, besides swapping out a few slots, or elsewhere on the common grounds. However, there were some updates in the room that left us with some mixed feelings.The sofa, chair and bedding had all been replaced which was fine. However, the kitchen area renovations were hit or miss. There was a faux marble countertop installed which was good. However, it came at the cost of the formerly full-sized refrigerator which was replaced by a smaller version that fit under the countertop. Also, the microwave that used to be there was now only available by request. Fortunately, it was not a problem to acquire one. My only complaint would be regarding the fitness center which I discovered on this trip. Besides the fact it’s a large, underutilized space, many of the moderate-sized dumbbells – 20 to 35 lbs. – were missing, which effectively cut my workout options. However, the laundry room, located in the same building, was a nice convenience.If you like the idea of the space of the Venetian but don’t want to pay the premium, then you’ll find the Tuscany to be a low-key alternative whose off-Strip location is closer to many Strip properties than its upscale Italian “sister”.	
Aug 8 2009 	Avoid - Style Without Substance	Lots of glitz and sparkle but beneath the surface this is not a nice hotel. The staff is spectacularly unhelpful and rude. The rooms themselves look pretty but aren't clean, the furniture is worn, the mattress is thin, the sheets are thinner, the bathroom fixtures flimsy, and the walls and ceilings so thin you can hear the ceiling creak with every step of the person upstairs. Also beware of hidden fees and charges that the hotel hits you with once you are checked in. Internet access is $14 a day!!! Plus they charge a $11 &quot;resort&quot; fee PER DAY whether you use their services or not!!!	
Aug 8 2009 	Very roomy and comfortable	I have stayed at this hotel twice and both my boyfriend and I really like this place. The room is huge and spacious. Parking is convenient and check-in is easy. I would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 4 2009	Great Location for a Basketball Team	We recently took a high school level basketball team to Vegas for a national tournament. Our critieria on a hotel was off-the-strip but accessible, relatively inexpensive, nowhere near the &quot;seedy&quot; part of Vegas, reasonably nice rooms, and a decent pool. Tuscany fit the bill very well. The price was excellent...$21 on weekdays and $50 for the weekend. We were pleasantly surprised how large the rooms and bathrooms were. When you've got 4 boys sleeping in a room, it's nice to have a large bathroom and a toliet behind a separate door. There was a stove top and cooler in each room but no microwave. And there was living space to spread out. Upon check-in we received coupon books. One of the coupons, a buy-one get-one free entree at the restaurant, proved valuable to us. The restaurants are average quality but run daily specials which make them a relatively good value. Our bottom-line...they say you get what you pay for...we received much more than that.	
Aug 1 2009 	nice secret in vegas...	I stayed in building A room 102 and was very pleased with the large suite. The room was clean, smelled nice, had a very comfotable bed with nice linens and a large bathroom. We arrived early and checked in at 8am for only $13.00 more. I was impressed on how nice this place was for the price. Really a great value compared to the hotels on the strip. Its located around the corner from the Paris hotel just a short walk to strip if you dont mind the heat. but also plenty of taxis available outside of lobby. Cant comment on the casino because i dont gamble. I went for the nightlife, Jet, Tao and for Rehab on Sunday. Very good location for all of these. Staff very nice, beautiful lobby and the grounds are kept very green . I will stay there again.	
Jul 31 2009 	TSC: Such a deal	I travel frequently to Vegas, usually during the week, when hotel rates are much cheaper. My brother had recommended the Tuscany Suites and Casino (TSC) to me; it's where he usually stays in Vegas, and when Expedia came up with a $22/night rate for my dates (20 to 23 July), I decided to book it. I generally prefer the glitz, glitter, and buzz of the Strip hotels, but I'm always willing to give a recommended place a try, especially at a bargain price. In this case, I'm glad I did. TSC is an excellent value, with comfortable rooms, friendly staff, user-friendly layout, and easy parking.I was given a nonsmoking king room on the second floor of the &quot;I&quot; building. The room was decent, with a separate sitting area and, as other TA reviewers have noted, a minifridge and coffee maker. I found the room to be similar to but larger than rooms I've seen at various Holiday Inns, Comfort Inns, etc. over the years. The furnishings were a bit worn and not high quality, but at $22/night, I have no real complaint. The A/C was an older-style floor unit but worked well. The bathroom was the most pleasant surprise: large, with a separate shower stall and bathtub. Fancy -- sort of.I had trouble sleeping my first night, after getting in late and hearing my upstairs neighbors thumping and bumping around -- not unusual for a motel- or garden apartment- style &quot;resort&quot;. The noises resumed fairly early in the morning, and when I called the front desk to ask about a possible room change (to something on the third, or top, floor of TSC), the operator abruptly said, &quot;I'll have security check it out.&quot; Maybe 10 minutes later, I had a call, and &quot;Security&quot; said they'd visited the room above mine and found it empty (speculating, as I did, that the party had stayed up late and then checked out early). I slept for a couple more hours and then called the front desk again to ask about a room change. The woman who answered said, &quot;No problem; we'll hold another unit for you on the 3rd floor of the H Building.&quot; I went down to reception, and I received my new room keys. The new room was an improvement in several ways: newer A/C; recently renovated furnishings -- including a smart new bed treatment with a duvet and even accent pillows worthy of the MGM Grand's West Wing rooms -- and...quieter than my first room. I called the front desk to thank them again.TSC's location and parking are also strong points. It's on E. Flamingo, a few blocks from the Strip. One problem -- nothing to do with TSC per se -- is that E. Flamingo, like many of Vegas's busier roads, is undergoing major repairs, which makes access to the hotel a bit more difficult than usual, especially at night. But once at TSC, parking is free, easy, and plentiful, with no long walks to your room.The &quot;Beach Cafe&quot; -- located next to the pool and adjacent to the casino and hotel reception -- is convenient for snacks and drinks and not too expensive. Their personal pizzas are a true Vegas dining bargain, tasty and cheap -- especially the meat lover's, with more meat than one should eat, for $4.50. I didn't use the pool at the TSC -- I rarely do at Vegas hotels; too hot and crowded, and I prefer the ocean for swimming -- but it was fairly big and looked alright. The internet, as other reviewers have noted, is free in wifi form in some areas of the hotel (lobby, Beach Cafe, around the pool) but costs pretty much the same as other Vegas hotels for in-room connection via wifi or cable. Again, given the room rate I was paying, I can't complain. I used the free wifi in the available areas; it worked pretty well most but not all of the time.I gamed some in the TSC's casino; it was alright. The slots were neither the loosest nor tightest I've experienced in Vegas. If nothing else, the casino here was a good adult respite from all the kids elsewhere on the property.Conclusion: TSC is a great value, and for the most part, it's a fairly nice property. It's neither luxurious nor peaceful, but there are scores of other hotels and resorts to fill those needs. TSC is very kid- and family-friendly while at the same time providing good, solid, and reasonably quiet accommodations for solo travelers like me. I'd recommend staying here and spending the savings on wining, dining, and gambling on the Strip.	
Jul 30 2009 	Worst Vegas Experience Yet	Upside: The rooms are very spacious. The furnishings are getting a little worn, but it's acceptable. The dining facilities are ranged and value priced.Downside:It's off-strip. Not too far, but off-strip.Expect a very low winnings rate from the casino's machines (slots, video gaming). Avoid them. The tables, however, are nice. The staff is horrendous. Contrary to what was advertised on the website that attracted me to the hotel, there is a $13.99 per day Internet access fee (one of my pet peeves for Vegas strip hotels). When I called to inquire about this, the front desk told me that there were areas of the hotel where Internet access was free, but that didn't include the rooms. I said, &quot;That's bulls**t&quot; and got hung up on. This led me to complain to the managment, I found callous and unconcerned to the degree that I checked out of the hotel the same day I checked in, and went down the street.There are plenty of other places in Vegas which are happy to have your business. Don't bother with Tuscany. They are not in the hospitality business, and consider you to be their revenue source, not their guest.	
Jul 29 2009 	Good Value for off-strip Hotel	This hotel is nice if you don't mind staying off the strip. Keep in mind it's not an extravagant resort. It's above a budget hotel/motel. The rooms were large. It had a mini-fridge and coffee maker. The pool was nice but can get busy. It was a decent size but not large. Dining was inexpensive at Marilyn's Cafe (look for 2 for 1 coupons in the tourist book in your room or the coupon book they provide you upon check-in). The food was above average. I prefer to stay on the strip; therefore, would probably not come back; but, there is nothing wrong with this resort.	
Jul 28 2009 	Disappointing on so many levels	Our hopes were high. I called to confirm our nonsmoking double/double room ahead of time since I have two children with asthma. Upon arrival, only smoking rooms were available in double/double so we took the King with sleeper sofa option. We were told to call for bedding when we got into the room--it seemed odd that they would not dispatch someone with bedding to the room as it was getting late. The bedding was delivered an hour later--past midnight--and only after repeated calls to the front desk. The blanket had a rip that was three feet long and was obviously falling apart. The room smelled odd--like it had just recently been transitioned to non-smoking status. Overall, we felt cheated of both sleep and money, since I had paid rack rates.	
Jul 20 2009 	I was shocked by how amazing my stay was..	Not only was the room huge at a great price, the amenities were quality, the service was quick, I booked my room last minute and didn't actually finish the reservation, and when I called on the drive down there they went ahead and honored the rate I had tried to book for, which was 20 dollars cheaper than the rate I should have had. When I asked for a razor, tooth brush and tooth paste, they had it to my room before I could return back from the front desk, they sent up 2 of each and shave gel. Everything they had brought up were name brand, not the usual cheap and cheesy hotel items. You do have to walk to your room, which could be across a large parking lot, no biggie (unless you are a lazy fatty!) The pool was amazing at 7 am, very few people, clean and it was nice and hot out side. Room service was ok priced, but we just took the food to go to save money. The casino was not trying to pay out.. I spent more money in the casino than I did for the room.. Oh well I had fun and other casinos were about a block away. They even let me have a late check out with out a charge.. Overall I was very happy and I would have paid more and still been happy.	
Jul 18 2009	Fairly Decent	I stayed at the Tuscany resort in Las Vegas for football over Thanksgiving weekend. The room was nice and it was very clean. The casino was fun . The food was great since there was 3 different restaurants. The lobby was very elegant.The only thing was I expected it to be a little bit better. I walked to the strip every day.	
Jul 18 2009 	Tuscany beware of extra charges	I booked a room at the Tuscany based on the very low rate for the days I was traveling. Overall not a bad place if you don't mind staying off the strip an not really having a full hotel casino experience. The front desk was my only problem, first off you cannot check in until 3pm, most hotels post a certain time but will always let you check in a couple hours early, not the Tuscany. I have stayed in Vegas over 15 times in atleast 10 different hotels an was never denied checking in early. Now they will tell you you have the option to pay a extra fee to check in early, I believe it was around 13 dollars, which is clearly a way for them to make more money off their guests, very bad move. Okay so when you decide you don't want to pay the extra fee to check in early the extra charges do not stop there. When I went back at 3pm to check in I was told there is a 11.20 a day resort fee, what are you kidding me, so the cheap room you thought you booked just went up a extra 11.20 per night, another very bad move by the Tuscany, I will not stay there again due to those extra charges.	
Jul 17 2009 	Decor little dated but great value and comfortable	I have stayed at the Tuscany several times and feel that I need to give a review. I usually stay in the King size suite that has a sitting area and a small dinette area (only sink, cabinets and fridge. No ability to cook). The room is big and roomy where you could probably fit another king size bed in there with no problem. The decoration is a little dated with brown/tan fabric and old TV. But you didn't go to Vegas to stay in your room. The bathroom is also huge with the toilet, tub, and shower all separated. The only complaint that I have is there is limited cable. I was only able to watch TNT, USA, and MTV. Don't know what happened to FoodNetwork and HGTV. But again, you don't go to Vegas to stay in your room so get out and play!!	
Jul 14 2009 	Great Place	We Stayed here for 4 nights. The rooms were nice, big and clean. Check-in is 3pm and we arrived at 11am. They held our bags till then with no problems. The overall experience was great, for the price you cannot go wrong. We enjoyed our stay very much. The only concern is the staff, which barley speaks English and was a bit rude at times, but no major problems. I would definitely recommend this place more for a family then a young couple.	
Jul 11 2009 	Very comfortable - highly recommended	We stayed in room 303 on the top floor of building B for 3 nights in June. My husband booked online after much research using Trip Advisor. We were really happy with our room which was large with a kitchenette and had a big bathroom and separate toilet. The furnishings seemed quite new. We walked each night to the strip which was about 10 minutes away and had dinner at the mexican restaurant twice because the food was very good and very reasonably priced. We don't gamble so can't comment on the casino and didn't spend any time in the pool. We had a very comfortable stay at the Tuscany Suites and Casino and would definitely recommend it to anyone wanting to stay away from the hassle of the strip.	
Jul 4 2009 	Relaxing Stay	During May and June I stayed at several places in Las Vegas and Tuscany Suites was one of the best in it's price range. There are two pools and two spas here. The spa behind the fitness center seems to get less traffic and was my choice. The 3 story buildings are easy to get in and out of quickly if you need to go somewhere. The room was large, well furnished, in very good condition and clean. Tv service was basic and the internet service was very fast. There is a fee of internet use in most rooms though in the lobby and back patio Tuscany Suites offers free internet dervice. I was able to have lunch and diner here at what I feel were reasonable prices. The casino appeared well layed out with good service. I found my stay here to be very comfortable and relaxing.	
Jun 30 2009 	Great Hotel	We stayed here for 3 nights. We chose it based on an exceptionally low price with some very good TA reviews.Reception: You are number x. Forget about a personal welcome etc. you are cargo with a credit card. Room: Excellent. Room was large with kitchenette. We were right beside the pool which was convenient. The room was spotless also.Pool: There are two pools. We used both. The main pool gets busy early (9am) and overall the area is quite small. We used the second pool which was pretty quiet. Location: It is about a 10 minute walk to the main strip (Ballys Intersection). Parking is also free at the hotelConsidering the price I would highly recommend this hotel. It is not overly luxurious but if you can live without that then go for it.	
Jun 29 2009 	Horrible	I stayed at The Tuscany Suites this past weekend with my boyfriend, cousin &amp; her boyfriend. I wasnt trying to spend a crazy amount of money on a hotel room in Las Vegas so I found The Tuscany Suites online and the rooms looked good and had everything we needed and were somewhat close to the strip. We checked in at the front desk and within the first 5 minutes my boyfriend and I werent very happy about it. The staff was extremly rude, they failed to mention at the time of booking my room, there would be a $200 security deposit that we would get back at check out as long as we didnt order any movies, room service, etc. So we paid that out of our spending money, got into our room, there were broken tiles in the bathroom, the mini fridge didnt work the entire first day we were there, and there were cigarette holes burnt into the comforters. Of course those things were minimal b/c we wouldnt be spending much time in the room in the first place. At the time of our checking out of the hotel, they send house keeping to check out your room -which i have never had happen, even in the very nice hotels- this took about 15 minutes, house keeping called back to the front desk &amp; told them we had smoked in the room. I had reserved a non-smoking room b/c my boyfriend has asthma and no one in our room smokes, so of course we didnt want to smell that. So they proceeded to charge us $50 for smoking in the room, the manager wouldnt even listen to us when we explained to her that no one smokes cigarettes, she then said, well they said it wasnt cigarettes and insinuated that we had smoked something else in the room, and if we wanted to dispute the charge we could wait another 30 minutes and security would check out the room. By this point we were so frustrated with the rude manager and the woman at the front desk that was trying to check us out of our room- which by the way had no idea what she was doing- that we just said forget it and got our $150 back from them and left. It was by far the worst experience Ive had with a hotel in Vegas and I have definetly learned my lesson staying in a &quot;cheap&quot; hotel to save some money for going out more.	
Jun 27 2009 	A great place to stay	We stayed 4 nights at the Tuscany Suites. We found this hotel on the web as we were searching for a place to stay in Las Vegas. The price of $20 a night appealed to us plus the fact that it was off the strip. The hotel suite room was better than any other hotel I have been too. The casino was great along with the restaurants. While playing in the casino you can earn comps to use towards your hotel stay, restaurant bill or to use in the gift shop. The pool and spa were very nice. This is the only place I plan on staying when I come back to Las Vegas in the future.	
Jun 26 2009 	Very Nice	We actually stayed here a couple years ago, but I never got around to reviewing it, and I don't want my review to get buried. Stayed there as part of a promotion being put on by Pacific Monarch for their timeshares in Las Vegas.Everything was clean, well maintained, almost like new. The room was large, the casino small, but it's not really the place to go for gaming anyway. Restaurant staff was very friendly. One bad thing was if you decided to drive up to the Strip it was almost always gridlock getting there. Faster to walk. But being off the strip has it's advantages. I think it attracts a better clientele than the usual riff-raff and low lifes you find on the Strip. I especially liked the pool and veranda area where you could sit in the shade under misters and enjoy the morning paper and a cup of coffee. It definitely should be ranked higher than 43.	
Jun 26 2009 	What a great deal for a very nice room	I found this room very large and comfortable with a big comfortable bed, nice living room area and even a small kitchen area. Couldn't beat that for 50 bucks.	
Jun 25 2009 	Simple big cheap relaxing	I enjoyed my stay at Tuscany from the fast check-in to the huge standard room to the pretty pool and affordable restaurants inside the casino. The walk to the strip takes about 12 - 15 minutes depending on your speed. This was fine for us as that intersection has so much going on anyway. The room was even larger than our room at the Trump (we splurged later). It was about half price compared to anything else and everything worked great - minimal noise, got a microwave, no smoke smell, room service on request, etc. Another bonus - the cabbies know the hotel because it is so big (I was surprised) even though it's not on the strip. We ate at Marilyn's (good breakfast!) and the Cantina (not that great). A few too many kids at the pool, but the music was mellow and relaxing and there is even affordable drink service! Enjoy!!	
Jun 23 2009 	Great hotel on a budget	The Tuscany was a fabulous hotel and the customer service was excellent. The room was large enough for my 2 year old to run and play. Very beautiful pool area and hotel grounds were clean and well maintained. There is free internet access in certain areas of the hotel or you can pay a small fee to have internet access in your room.This is a great hotel for families, couples or singles that is located very close to the Strip with various restaurants located nearby.	
Jun 21 2009 	Pretty friggin awesome!!	My friend booked this hotel and i had never heard of this place before ... he paid less than 20 bucks for the hotel from this website and we stayed from sunday to thursday night. i would have to say this place is pretty sweet!! i wouldve never been able to afford anything like this!!! the staff is wonderful!! the cleaning staff is very efficient and the place is absolutely clean! the casino next door is so-so ... just make sure u purchase 10 bucks worth of slot-machine credits and u can drink off the bar as much as u want! :) its not too far from the strip ... dont even bother taking the taxi .. our first taxi took us the long way, only for us to realize it was like 15 minutes walking distance from the strip! the pool is pretty sweet also! the room is very roomy and it has a little fridge, coffee maker, and a microwave. it has a little dining area, a living room, a study desk and plenty of room for your clothes! u can honestly have like 6 people stay and sleep in one room since the king size bed is huge and the couch is a futton and its pretty big ... heck if ur a true party monster and ur ok with sleepin on the floor, then its possible to fit like 10-12 people and still plenty of wiggle room. The bathroom has a bath tub and shower area seperated and the toilet is tucked away neatly with a private door. we were on the third floor facing the strip and we had a wonderful view. the a/c can ice up a room in a jiffy also. the towels were always fresh and the bed was always made up everytime we got back in. just make sure to have your own soap and shampoo because their stuff is really not that great. hehe. you have to buy your own drinks and ice but its not like ur going to be staying indoors while in vegas right? you cannot hear any noise when u go to sleep ... i work for an airline and i travel all over the place just for the heck of it and this place is the best sleep ive had in any hotel around the u.s. .. slept like a baby who just had milk and whiskey. .. also, if ur flight is not until later and u have to check out, u can ask the bell boys in front to keep your bags for you and you can frolick some more around town without worrying about bags. just make sure to tip the bellboys :) thanks tuscany. my first vegas experence was truly epic!! i would come back definitely.	
Jun 4 2009 	Awesome hotel. Refused to pay 50% resort fee.	This hotel was worth a lot more than worth the $23/night rate I got. The room was huge, with a stove and a microwave. It also had a great air conditioning. There was free internet in the lobby too. Among the other hotels in this price range, the Tuscany wins by far. However, the 50% &quot;RESORT FEE&quot; they tried to tack on to my price is OUTRAGEOUS. This needs to be disclosed by the hotel and hotels.com ahead of time in LARGE PRINT. I refused to pay it when I checked out of the Tuscany, and a sarcastic nasty clerk removed it from my bill. I acquiesced to the charge when checking in because it was midnight and I was tired. It is a dirty trick for them to spring this on people when checking in. It is not legal for them to bury stuff like this in the fine print either.	
May 27 2009 	Should be #1 !!!	We're staying at Tuscany now, and couldn't be happier. Our room - like all rooms here - is a suite, and a very fine one. All the buildings, all the pools, all the grounds, are first rate. And the price... I looked this hotel up at www.expedia-aarp.com and got a price of $23! Then called them up to be sure there's no construction going on (there isn't) - and they were happy to give me that same price, instead of what the lady said was her usual $25 charge! I wrote my friends in O.C.- and now they all want to come here too! Told my editor in N.Y., and she wrote back: &quot;Tuscany Suites is where we stayed in Las Vegas the last two times we were there. We like it because the rooms are big and it’s easy to get in and out of by car (unlike staying on the Strip where the traffic is just as bad as NY).&quot; The catch? I guess they're hoping we'll gamble away our savings at their casino. Not to worry- I'm just enjoying my fine $23 suite, and feeling very smart about it.	
May 21 2009	Awesome value 	I just returned from taking my daughter to Vegas for her 21st Birthday. I actually let her decide where she wanted to stay and gave her a choice of a couple big name hotels on the strip and of course the Tuscany. Having never been to Vegas before and not knowing one Hotel from the next, she chose the Tuscany because of the ambiance and homey feel of the Tuscany. We were not dissapointed. The staff was VERY helpful and friendly and the room was very spacious and comfortable. We loved the pool area and the surrounding grounds. The prices there are very affordable($40 per night) and the food was excellent quality. I was shocked when we ordered a couple of frozen drinks to celebrate her turning 21 and couldn't believe they were only $5 each- in Vegas! Of course this is an &quot;off-strip&quot; hotel and there was a short walk up to Bally's to catch the monorail to get to the rest of the strip. We decided that the walk was OK during the daylight hours but didnt feel comfortable walking back to the hotel late at night, so we just grabbed a cab from the strip for under $10. There are very few downfalls to the Tuscany except that I think they should invest in their own shuttle to take people back and forth to the strip. Also the elevator in the building that we were in was painfully slow. Other than that, I would definitely reccomend this hotel and wouldn't hesitate to stay there again-especially if you're looking for a a great value and an alternative to the hustle and bustle of the strip. After all, you don't go to Vegas to spend all your time in a hotel room. Put that extra savings into gambling, dining or shopping.!!!!	
May 12 2009 	Great hotel location 	Just spent 2 weeks here, and cannot fault it.Reception staff very helpful. Booked a king-size but they had none available. They offered us a room, and if we wanted to move to a king-size when one became available they would move us, no problem. Also asked for decaff coffee for the in-room coffee maker and within minutes we had a pile delivered to the room.Room large and clean. Asked for a no-smoking room and got one. Maid service every day so had fresh towels daily. Perfect location for the Vegas Strip as only 10 minutes walk away, so away from all the hustle/bustle but close enough if you want it.Would recommend getting a 24hour or 3 day ticket for the Deuce bus. Can then hop on &amp; off as needed. Also, join the Players Clubs at the casinos for plenty of freebies, free play at the casinos etc.	
May 11 2009 	GREAT Price/Location - But Beware the Customer Service Staff	We stayed at the Tuscany Suites for Mother’s Day Weekend. And while the room was large, clean and amazingly inexpensive the check in experience was very disheartening. What was a simple request to remove a credit card from the account (the hotel had already been provided with a primary card for all charges/deposits) turned into an insulting experience. The Customer Service Manager, Vic C. was unnecessarily condescending. We had arrived eager and excited for a long weekend in Vegas, but our first night was dampened by his reproachful behavior.	
May 9 2009 	The price was right . The room was large.	Stayed at the Tuscany Suites &amp; Suites . It wasn't a planned stay. We were coming back from Sedonna and it was late and we had decided to stay off the strip to save money and the driving hassle. It was too late to shop around.My husband said the lobby looked good. It smelled of cigarettes, because it was close to the casino,too bad it really invaded the place. Apparently not a high quality ventillation system. This is one of my biggest priorities when looking for a place. The casino had a resturaunt but I personally won't eat anywhere if there is the smell of cigarette smoke. There was another resturant outside the casino, but it was the same issue with smoke smell. The room was very large. The carpets were a little soiled, but not awful. Otherwise the room was clean . We had a fridge and could buy some things at the store. The beds and pillows could have been softer, but still I did not lose any sleep. It was very quiet. We stayed mid-week so the pool was not crowded and warm.It was nice to not have to fight for a chaise lounge. Enjoyed my time out there. The casino was not the best. We spent minimal time there. Stayed two nights. They kept spraying the room with this horrible spray after cleaning. Recommend Blueberry Hill Restaurant a short drive away on the same street for a huge breakfast variety served all day. Under $10.00 , worth the price. Excellent food , coffee and service. I'd recommend the Tuscany if you want to have some room , a fridge, and be away from the strip and just drive to it when needed. Try the Whole Foods store at the end of Las Vegas Blvd. for a great selection of pre-prepared fresh salads, entrees, and fruit, smoothies. They have a good produce section and the price was not bad at all.	
May 5 2009 	stay far away from the casino	the hotel was nice, pretty landscape, not a far walk from the strip.rooms were very nice and clean. the casino was dead most of the time, never heard a bell or whistle go off in two days, the casino atmosphere was awful, the bartenders could care less, the dealers were all dead in personality, had a few rude, some tired, most in wrinkled old white shirts.besides that i had two very bad and wierd things happen on the roulette table, too much detail to go into here, but stay away,,far away !!!i have also e-mailed the head of the casino to inform him i am very suspicious of the activities that took place. if you want a nice hotel and the casino doesnt matter, then this is a good place.	
May 3 2009 	Location and Price makes the Tuscany a good value! A good way to not get burnt out on Vegas!	I have stayed at the Tuscany on several different occassions for Conferences and for Family Reunions and I chose it because we decided to get married at the Flamingo and have our dinner at Bouchon (Venetian) as well as seeing Phantom of the Opera--and I the Flamingo charges an insane deposit for rooms and the Venetian was way overpriced for our group. The Tuscany had the location and the incredible prices so we all stayed there!The Tuscany is down the street from the Flamingo/Ballys-a quick ten minute walk to all of the action. This three story hotel comprises of a dozen buildings surrounding the main building. The main building includes a small casino-where the slots seem to be pretty loose-An upscale Italian restaurant, a Mexican Restaurant, a 24 restaurant, a Bar inside of the Casino, a coffee shop, a gift shop and a Lobby bar and Front Desk/Concierge. Upstairs are the conference rooms. We have stayed at this hotel before and prerequested that everyone stay in the same building-and they were able to accomodate us with that. The front lobby staff was great. We had used online websites for the best deals and that was great. I have stayed there in the past and at other hotels around the world, and the less complicated you make it, the less errors there will be. If I am splitting a room with someone I pay for it and they pay for the car or something else. (Just a traveldeva tip!) The spacious rooms have either a King or two double beds, a smallish tv on top of a dresser, a round table and four chairs, fridge and microwave and couch/Chair with table. These rooms are perfect for gathering everyone together, having a late night snack or waiting for everyone to get together. The rooms are clean, have windows that can open, have a Tuscan &quot;theme&quot; with the watercolors on the wall and the bedspread, and pale furniture. The bathroom has a shower (yes it is low, European style) as well as separate tub and toilet with a separate door. These rooms are more than functional and although not as luxurious as some hotels, this would be a Superior First class room in NYC! I would equate the rooms to be like a Country Inns and Suites or a Holiday Inn or better quality Best Western. What I love about this hotel is the ease from going from your room to the car-maybe three minutes, versus other hotels on the strip, which take a good ten minutes to get to the car park and then maneuver around the ramp to get out to the street. This is very convenient. We never ate at the Mexican or Italian restaurant, but we did eat at the 24 hour cafe, which features really reasonable prices and good solid food. This is not like eating at Mario Batali's restaurant, but the food is good and the price is great. (I am trying to set up expectations here! :)) Breakfast was tasty and one night, my brother got a chicken sandwich and he said it was tasty. The pool is not huge by any standards, but it is a pleasant pool area and we loved the coziness of it all. I never felt unsafe there, but like anywhere, in the evening, always walk outside with someone else. I did notice across the street, some homeless guys walking around. Traveling can provide false security and it is a good idea to not walk alone at night. As we had stayed in Vegas for a week, which is unusual and frankly too long, but necessary in our case, I liked that the Tuscany is away from the total Vegas insantity. When we wanted to be part of that..we headed out to the strip, but at the end of the day, it was nice to be back at our quiet, relaxing hotel.	
Apr 30 2009 	excellant bell desk service	These comments are centered on Sonny S. @ the Bell Desk. My company was on site for a tradeshow that ended on a late Sunday afternoon. Sonny helped with the outbound shipment of our tradeshow items. Because of his patience, willingness to be of service and general all around pleasant attitude, we got our 3 items shipped from the hotel. Even though it didn't all happen on the same day, the shipments did take happen and it's all because of the excellant customer service Sonny provided. I hope his boss reads this.	
Apr 29 2009	Mixed Feelings	My review will center around our stay in a Tuscany 2-bedroom suite and the service at our daughter's wedding ceremony/reception at the facility.First let me say that I had nothing to do with the planning of my daughter's nuptuals. She dealt with the Tuscany herself and had nothing but praise for the woman who handled everything for the ceremony and reception. Things could not have gone smoother or less painfully. I am very grateful for that.CHECK-IN - My husband and I were sharing the suite, and bill, with my (other) daughter and her husband and the confusion that occurred during our check-in would have been comical had it not been so upsetting. The woman that we were dealing with treated us like children and made us feel like fools. She kept saying things like &quot;this is the way it's done in Las Vegas&quot;. My daughter has traveled all over the world, including many trips to LV, and has NEVER experienced any problem like this. The woman kept trying to &quot;explain things&quot; and telling us that everything would be OK (it was not -- our Master Card bill came through totally screwed up). I spoke with other friends that weekend who had the same sort of experience at check in. Extremely frustrating. Other friends were fine. It seemed to be hit and miss.SUITE - The suite itself was OK. It was a bit tired and dark but seemed clean, spacious and functional. As mentioned in other reviews, there are no utensils of any kind in the kitchen, so it is fairly limited unless you buy paper/plastic goods, which, as an environmentalist, I am not anxious to do. The hotel would not even provide us with wine/champagne glasses to have on hand for the numerous guests that dropped by throughout our stay. Now why couldn't a hotel fill that request, especially in a suite? I thought that was sort of strange. BEDROOMS (2) - While each bedroom had a hang-up closet and bathroom, there were no dressers and therefore no drawers of any kind (except the tiny one in each bedside table). That meant that we had no choice but to leave many of our things in our suitcase which, of course, we did not rezip all the time. This was especially weird since guests had to go through the bedroom to use the bathroom, so all our &quot;stuff&quot; was pretty much out in view in the bedroom and bathroom for all to see. Again, sort of odd. (I noticed that the regular rooms all had dressers.) On the plus side, each bedroom had a flat screen wall TV in addition to the regular TV in the living room.A couple of relatively minor things: - The showerhead was mounted really low -- I'm 5'4&quot; and it was none too high for ME. Also the pressure was PAINFULLY strong and there didn't seem to be any way to soften it up, so matter how we tried.- There was no full-length mirror anywhere.- Though the bathroom was very large, there was only one, relatively useless hook (everything slid off). They could easily put several (better) hooks on the back of the door.- There was no clock of any kind in the living room area. If I wasn't wearing my watch, I had to run into the bedroom whenever I wanted to see what time it was.COMPLEX - While the complex is attractive, it is spread out and all of our friends and/or relatives were in different buildings (apparently they couldn't put us all in one building). Room keys are also building entrance keys for each particular building. Therefore, anyone visiting us from another building could not get into our building without one of us physically going to the front door of our building to let them in. That can be a pain after a while, especially when you're in a suite where everyone is gathering.SECURITY - Although they try to make a big deal about security, we noticed doors propped open by the staff on quite a few occasions.RECEPTION - While the reception was, in general, wonderful, I was told that the guests at two or three tables could barely hear each other talk because the music speakers were so loud.VALUE - I know that several guests went to other (more well-known) hotels on the strip because they got better deals, so I'm guessing that even the &quot;special price&quot; for regular rooms isn't that terrific. We did not check other hotels, since we wanted to stay where our dauther's wedding was being held, though we did ask for, and received, a considerable discount on the advertised price of the 2 bedroom suite. I have no real complaints about the cost.	
Apr 27 2009 	Good value for the money in Vegas	Large, clean rooms. Good location (unless you insist on being on the Strip), good service at the front desk. You can generally get really good rates at the Tuscany, which can be a welcome relief from the overpriced hotels on the Strip. This is a good place to stay for people who are not asking too much from their lodgings, but who want something reliable.I read an earlier review that said that the maids steal -- to those young people, I would suggest that they left the money in a location that is where courteous guests might leave a tip. Perhaps they should take a hint.	
Apr 26 2009 	Very nice but paper thin walls.	The rooms are huge and very nice. Great for a family. Rooms are very spacious and some have 2 burner stoves, small fridges. The first night I was there the airconditioner was not working. After 2 calls to the front desk it was replaced. I was in building C. The walls were paper thin. I could hear EVERYTHING! The upstairs in building C are conference rooms and apparently they were setting up all night. I hardly slept even with earplugs on. I left for a conference and came back to the Tuscany for a flight out of Las Vegas. I was in building M. The room was the same siR huge! There were no problems with him walls. I never heard a peep except for an occasional door slam.The pool is very nice. Very suitable for kids. The Italian food is wonderful. The casino is clean and up kept. Not very happening. The entire staff is very friendly and helpful. I did not pass an employee of any type here that did not ask me how my stay was or if I needed anything. Very easy walk to the strip. The gym is very nice and has just about everyhing you need. There is a lap pool and a hot tub in the gym area, away from the childrens pool. Not many people in there.	
Apr 24 2009 	Quiet in Vegas?	We really enjoyed our stay at the Tuscany. It was only a 10 minute walk to the main part of the strip. (One straight road leading to Bally's) Being so near the strip we didn't expect it to be so quiet but it truly was. Room were nice and big. The bed really comfortable and the bathroom superb (shower was very powerful).Only bad thing I will say is try and get a room on the third floor, as people we traveled with were on the second and found people above them a bit noisey.Would defiently stay at the tuscany again	
Apr 22 2009 	GEM	After several stays on the strip we decided to have a change and find somewhere different.What a great place The Tuscany Suites turned out to be.Very spacious 2 bedded suites with seperated bathroom and toilet,kitchenette with microwave and comfortable lounge chairs.The suites are grouped in 3 storey blocks of about 50 units and are spread around grounds leading to a small but very adequate pool with an adjacent heated spa pool.The casino is in the main reception building, so unlike many Vegas hotels you don`t have to walk thru to get to the outside world.There are several places to eat,a good value 24hr cafe called Marilyns and an upmarket restaurant called The Tuscany Gardens.We found the prices for breakfast,dinner and drinks to be very reasonable.This may be due to the fact that the hotel lies about 400/600 metres off the strip and doesn`t cater for the masses passing by.We found the staff to be polite and very proffesional and the whole experience to be a good one.I think we will be returning there on our next trip to Vegas funds permitting!	
Apr 19 2009 	Good Location nice rooms	We went to Tuscany last month after getting this as our free gift for attending a timeshare presentation. The reviews sounded OK but since it was &quot;free&quot; I was not sure what to expect. The rooms are large and spacious. The location is fantastic- you are halfway between the strip and the hard rock. The hotel experience is much better then previous ones we've stayed at like Excalibur, Planet Hollywood, and Embassy Suites. Pool area is layed back and nice but not fancy. The kichenette is not really worth it because you have no pots, pans, dishes etc. But this was not a big deal for us. After all you are in Vegas, you should be going out! Had a blast would stay there again!	
Apr 5 2009 	Great Value Big Suites Not Far Off Strip	This was a return visit to Tuscany after 4 or 5 years, and it is still my choice in Vegas. Suites are Huge, Clean, and Quiet. Grounds are very nice. Service seemed improved from last visit, staff much friendlier. Casino is still a favorite, well-ventilated, comfortable, and plenty of cheaper machines. Breakfast at Marilyn's was phenomenal, food, quantity, service, price, and we used the BOGO free coupon given at check-in with no hassle. Absolutely no hassle with Expedia reservation at check-in. A two block walk to strip, using Bally's monorail entrance. Only improvement needed would be bedding---bed was firm and comfortable, bedding was clean, but cover looked it's age, and blanket was not high quality. Let me reiterate though, that it was all clean and not stained or ragged. If you are able to walk this is a fine choice--it is closer to strip than most off-strip locations. If walking is difficult you, there is a shuttle, but did not use it.	
Apr 5 2009 	Nice stay off strip.	We arrived late, 11 pm, no problem. Check in 1 minut. Were asked what kind of beds we preffered. Nice. Large rooms. Carpet and bathroom wore signs of previus guests. Beds better than averidge. We got what we needed for breakfast at 7-eleven, a short walk away. Bring your own plates and silverware!3 restaurants on sight, friendly waiters, but the food is nothing to write home about.Pool area, much better than average for Vegas. You will get towels from the hotel. The music is the same over and over again.Players club. I don´`t play lucky games like sloots, but my wife found them rather loose.1 dollar in comp an hour at poker tables. 25 dollar tournaments every day. Low budget fixed limet table, most of the time. No Limit hold me tight, 1/2 blinds, sometimes. Freeroll on sundays, you need 10 houers of play. If yoy ask, perhaps 5 houers will do. Mostly locals playing overthight . Staff very frindly, but delers not 100% pro. No smoking.Live music, you may dance, every night exept mondays.Property well kept and very clean.Don´t stroll the short distans from the Strip at night.We would like to thank all the employers at the Tuscany who always were friendly and helpfull, we will be back, soooon.	
Apr 4 2009 	Large Rooms	The rooms are the size of suites. The pros: 1. The prices are cheap now and equivalent for the value of the room. 2. On Flamingo not too far from Vegas strip or McCarran Airport. 3. Refrigerator and coffee pot included in room. Large enough bathroom with separate shower and tub. 4. Room is large enough to put luggage anywhere and the luggage will not be in your way. 5. The staff seem nice and helpful. 6. The security patrol grounds continuously by vehicle. Ok now the cons: 1. You can hear the people walking above you if you are not on top floor. 2. The doors are hard to open/unlock to your room and sometimes to the hallway of hotel. They need to fix their key card systems as it attempts to unlock but doesn't...you have to keep trying. 3. Cafe/deli food is not too tasty, maybe only try the restaurants. 4. Tv is old and so is the furniture. 5. Valet is not 24 hours, see hotel for times. The security can retrieve your car after hours though.	
Mar 30 2009 	Very good value	My wife and I stayed here for two nights, and we would definitely return. We had a nice room, very large, with a good size bathroom. True, there was a &quot;kitchen&quot; area with no stove, microwave, dishes, or silverware. There was a small fridge. We had no problems with nightclub noise at all, even though we were in the exact same location as a previous poster who did. We both slept well. The pool area is pleasant to look at, and gets good sun, but the pool itself is curvy (i.e., not good for lap swimming.) There is a hot tub next to the pool. What we liked most about this place is it was not crowded at all. We were on a bottom floor, with no elevator to wait for. Walking to the casino, coffee shop, or restaurant took one minute. Also, you do not have to walk through the casino to get to your room (as is the case with almost every strip hotel.) We found the staff very helpful and friendly. The poker room manager was especially nice, calling us by our first names by the end of our short stay. The main disadvantage to this place is the location. It takes about ten minutes to walk to the nearest Strip hotel (Bally's). If you want to walk up and down the Strip, you need to take this into account. Twice we decided to get a cab, and both times we had wait times of less than five minutes.We paid $85 for two nights. This was a special rate through Expedia.	
Mar 28 2009 	This is my 4th visit to this hotel	I am so pleased with the size and location of the Tuscany. I am planning another stay for my son's 21st birthday. This will be trip 5 to Vegas and this hotel. The first time I stayed at this hotel was for a cheerleeding competition for my daughter, let me tell you...... teen ager's sure like to spread out their belongings and pretend they are at home, with this hotel she was able to do this. The cleaniness of the rooms are great. There was a mini stove top in there our first and second visit, but they removed them. There is a kitchen sink and table, almost like a studio apartment. Would highly recommend this hotel to everyone.	
Mar 23 2009 	Yuck. Just bad just plain bad.	I stayed at the Tuscany Suites at the end of February for a business conference. The rooms are quite large, the pool view is somewhat lovely, and those are about the only 2 good things I can say about my stay. I paid an additional $30 per night for a patio, which is listed as &quot;pool view&quot; I don't like the closed in feeling of hotel rooms, so the patio was worth it to me. What I didn't know is that the 'pool view' is also directly across from the bar with live music that plays until the wee hours of the morning. Perhaps being kept up far later than I wanted would have been palatable if I didn't have to evacuate my room due to a 4am fire alarm. Not that I got much sleep anyway. The pillows are as large and comfy as footballs. They do not use fitted bottom sheets on their mattresses, rather a flat sheet that is tucked in. I'm not a restless sleeper, but found my legs on bare mattress every night. Yuck. The fan in the bathroom was so loud, that I actually took the cover off and disconnected it. The 'suites' angle, well, what good is a kitchenette if there is not so much as a spoon, a fork, a plate or a bowl? There was also no microwave. So the only thing the kitchenette was good for was storing leftover quesadillas from the mexican restaurant that is on the property. Nothing stellar at the restaurants, but not bad and the portions are huge. The fitness center has no TV or music, so it makes any time on a cardio machine pretty brutal. Also, there are 360 degrees of mirrors, so the grounds crew got their eyes full, watching my bottom and my front wiggle all at the same time, as they gathered in the fitness center before beginning their morning. The location is good is you don't mind walking a bit, which we didn't. It is right behind Bally's and you land right in the center of the strip. We walked everywhere from the hotel and it was not a problem. However, at night, make sure to walk on the same side of the street as the hotel, because we found the other side a little sketchy. I've traveled for business for 14 years, so perhaps I'm a bit spoiled. However, I'm also pretty good a going with the flow, but was absolutely turned off by my stay there. I will never say at the Tuscany Suites again.	
Mar 17 2009 	Maid's Steal Money	We Purposely left money on the table by the beds in the morning (just a few bucks) because i want to know if the maid steals if they do i know not to go back and what else might they steal. so we left to grab something to eat, went to the hoover dam and when we came back money was gone and room was cleaned. so then we checked our luggage and our other stuff but luckly we took the stuff the was Valuable with us. there was a safe in the room but you have to pay 25 bucks a day..the location was great near all kind of fast food places and banks, we were a couple a blocks away from paris so we would just park in there parking lot and just walk around, it was great. the room was a nice space it had a mini Refrigerator that worked great, and a stove and microwave. The beds sucked we both had bad backs for 3 days. they have a lap pool and a regular pool, they also have a place to do laundry and it is 1.00 for washing and .45 cents for drying. they place was well maintained on the outside. staff was nice except the check in people there were rude.	
Mar 12 2009 	Found Tuscany OK	Room was large, I think they used to be self catering studios but now you only get a fridge, sink, coffee machine and plastic cups. The room was clean and we couldnt fault housekeeping. My husband didnt like the shower, the shower head was too low and the controls werent that good. Pool area looked nice although not the weather to use it! I would recommend going in March as the sun was out but the temperature ranged from warm to cool which was good for the walking up and down the strip between hotels. The walk from the hotel to the strip takes 5-10mins and puts you in the centre of the strip. We didnt mind the walk but after a while it became tedious to have to walk back and forth. A free shuttle would have been good. Also I would recommend they put more people on reception cos there was always a queue.A tip - If you dont like taking your passport with you when you are out for a drink, make sure you take your photo driving licence to Vegas. Most bars in Vegas ask everyone for ID, even those over 60!!!	
Mar 11 2009 	Fine by us!	The rooms are spacious, clean, and the grounds are garden style apartment style. We're not the type to spend a lot of money on hotel accomodations. When we travel, our intent is not to stay in the room all day, but to be out and about enjoying the area we're visiting. Because of this we found the Tuscany Suites great.Pros: Clean, quiet, great location, helpful and pleasant staff., large rooms and large bathroom with separate shower, tub, and toilet. The toilet in the bathroom actually has it's own door. So your wife can be in the shower while you stink up the toilet area without disturbing her. :)Cons: The kitchenette is really just a sink, cabinets and a fridge. No stove (no biggie, we don't go on vacation to cook) but we were hoping for at least a microwave to reheat leftovers from a dinner/lunch out. There was also no silverware (plastic or otherwise), no plates etc. Overall we had an enjoyable stay. Here's a tip...They say check-in is at 4PM. But you can actually check-in by 2PM at no charge. Or you can check-in as early as 12 noon for a $12.00 early check-in fee.	
Mar 6 2009 	Hotel was fine probably stay somewhere else next time	I stayed at the Tuscany Suites from Feb 22 to Feb 27, 2009. Check in is quick if you can avoid off-peak check in/out times. If checking in/out during peak times it was not uncommon to see 6-10 people waiting in line. Rooms were very large. Kitchen in the room had a mini frig, sink, and stove. No silverware, pots, pans, or dishes. What is that all about? TV had like 10 channels, (no HBO) but I did not spend a lot of time watching TV anyways. The dining options at the hotel were very good. I had some very good meals at the Catina and the hotel diner. I used the fitness center and the hotel and was suprised that is was pretty well equiped and large. The location is OK. It was a couple of blocks walk to the strip. My bed was very comfortable. I did have issues with noise from the room above me, (kids jumping around for hours at a time). I did some additional checking on prices when I got back home. Prices on the strip hotels have really come down a lot lately. I found a stay at the New York or Paris hotels would have actually been cheaper. I would only stay here again if I was doing a budget trip and it was WAY cheaper then the strip hotels. If not, you are much better off being on the strip at the newer hotels. The walk to the strip is not a big deal but you end up walking so much while you are there it just makes sense to be on the strip. One other thing, they really nickel and dime you on the extras at this hotel. They charge $14 dollars a day for internet use. If you want to use their business center it was $.69 a minute to use their computer. They also charge for all local calls and wanted $25 extra for a late. checkout.	
Mar 3 2009 	Big Clean Room - Looser Slots	We stayed here in mid February with 2 rooms for 2 couples on vacation. The rooms were spacious and very clean - we noticed no off odors in either room. The staff was friendly and helpful with whatever we needed or asked about. After hitting about every casino on the strip we found that the Tuscany Casino had the loosest slots and friendly poker and craps tables - we should have just stayed and played there. What we lost on the strip we gained back and then some there. Also had the late night steak special for 3.99 and there was absolutely nothing wrong with that steak - and that's a good review from us for a steak as we're rather particular about them!It was actually nice to be away from the Strip in a little quieter location and the grounds were lovely, some green in a concrete town.	
Mar 2 2009 	Good value. Nasty smell.	Room was fine for the very low price we got. About 10 min walk from the center strip in LV. The room stank of cheep disinfectant. If they could get the housekeeping staff to ease up on the chemicals this place would be OK.	
Feb 23 2009 	Clean huge rooms great location!	Wonderful Hotel. Stayed there with my parents the night before my wedding! Absolutely great value! I was just online looking to book my next stay as my husband and I are going back to vacation in Vegas.	
Feb 12 2009	Will Stay Again!	When it is time to sleep, I want to be able to sleep. I don't smoke, and need a smoke free room. What I got as Tuscany was an enormous clean room that was quiet and smoke free. There must be at least 12-13 buildings (I stayed in building L - I think is was a smoke free building.) So, instead of a mega-resort hotel, it felt more like a campus with nice landscaping, smaller 2-story buildings and convenient free parking. It is located a couple of blocks from the Strip on Flamingo Drive, so you are just a brisk walk from the Bellagio and Caesar's Palace and the new City Center project.	
Feb 6 2009 	Tuscany the Terrible	short and sweet because Tuscany aready wasted enough of my time standing at the front desk trying to explain and re-explain my group reservations to these people. Even after giving my Itinerary to them that was perfectly laid out as i wanted it by expedia, they managed to fowl it up and cancel my room twice causing me to be locked out and twice return to the front desk for myself. I also had to straiten out things for others in our group. needless to say the front desk manager and I got well aquainted.Among other things I had mold and rot in the bathroom of room 112 bldg D (disgusting)Oh but they did offer to comp me for my five or six trips to the front desk over a three day period. how about a free meal...NO THANKS KEEP IT!!	
Feb 5 2009 	Front desk staff truly has the Walmart mentality...what a BUZZKILL!	Sunday through Wednesday was booked by my brother's company, because they were staying for a work training program. Wanting to stay through the weekend, they had to book Thursday, Friday, and Saturday separately. He booked 12 rooms through Expedia.com for all of the guests, because the rates were $125 for all 3 nights, when the hotel website was still charging $387 for the same 3 nights (note: all other websites were similar in price to Expedia.com...that's disgusting in itself. How often do you see that kind of inequity among hotel online bookings systems in this day and age???)But the real problems started when they checked in for the extended stay portion. My brother goes to the front desk to &quot;check-in&quot; for some of the late arriving guests &amp; to provide the hotel with his credit card for incidentals. Using the print outs from Expedia, the clerk at the front desk pulls up reservation after reservation and says something to herself along the lines of, &quot;well that's not right,&quot; and types and types away, apparently modifying each reservation. &quot;Okay sir, you're all taken care of...&quot; The next two nights, my brother gets call after call from his friends because they can't get into their rooms, even though their belongings are still locked in their rooms &amp; their reservation should be through Sunday. So he repeatedly has to leave, go the hotel's front desk, and provide them with &quot;proof&quot; of the reservations. Needless to say, HOW INFURIATING! After it happened to one guest, he tried to prevent it from accidentally happening to any one else in our group. They supposedly checked every reservation from the list, and assured us that they were all booked correctly through the weekend...but they weren't...low and behold...more calls from friends because again, they cannot get into their rooms. Even he could not get into his room on Friday and Saturday nights, without going to the front desk first. Depending on your tolerance, and mine is not very high for incompetence, you may choose to stay at ANY other hotel, just in case you have a need for assistance from the front desk. The Hyatt Place is right around the corner, and I seriously doubt that the Hyatt employees can get away with this level of incompetence!	
Jan 27 2009 	Perfect!	Wow. I HIGHLY recommend the Tuscany. I won't go on and on, because no one wants to read all that...however...I will just say that I'd DEFINATLY stay there again!!The room was HUGE! It was QUIET! The staff was ATTENTIVE!We enjoyed everything!! The ONLY thing I would change would be to have more TV stations. I know. We're weird. We should hav been out gambling or doing shows or something, but hubby and I were in bed about 11:00 every night and really wanted to watch some of our favorites to fall asleep by and the selection wasn't that great. Other than that...YES! Tuscany is a hut!!	
Jan 17 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised by the Tuscany Hotel	We had two free nights at the Tuscany Suites, so we decided to go for our 1yr anniversary. My husband has been to Las Vegas numerous times and had never heard of the Tuscany. I read some reviews here and was a little worried because we normally stay at 4 star hotels or better. But since it was free, we were going to take advantage of it. I have to say that we were both pleasantly surprised!First of all, the staff was very nice. Every time we arrived at or left the hotel, there was always someone to open the door for us. The people at the front desk were very kind and welcoming. We arrived early, so we paid $11 for early check in. Even though the lobby smelled like smoke due to the nearby bar, it was very clean and not bad looking at all. Once we left the lobby and headed outside to our room, we were surprised at how quite the outside walkways were. In fact, it was serene. It reminded me of a tropical escape.The room was very large---the largest hotel room I’ve ever seen, and very clean. It was not as fancy as other hotel rooms, but the largeness of the room and the quietness made up for that. As many other people have mentioned, the little kitchen didn’t have silverware but that was no big deal. The bed and pillows were on the firm side, but comfortable enough for us to sleep well. The TV only has about 7 channels--- news, Steve Wilkos was on a lot, a channel that shows the Marilyn’s Cafe menu, but it didn’t matter because we didn’t sit in the room and watch TV all day. The bathroom was very spacious and there was plenty of room for me to set all my makeup and girly stuff on the sink. There was even a medicine cabinet behind the side wall mirror. There is a separate tub and shower. The tub is not a whirlpool or spa tub---just a regular bath tub, but we just used the shower. It had really good water pressure. When inside the shower, trying to get out, the handle was a little tough, so we just pushed on the glass door instead of using the handle. No big deal. The toilet had it’s own door so I was able to take a shower or use the sink when my husband was using the bathroom. It’s true that when you turn the bathroom lights on, the loud fan also comes on, but if you look at the light switch, there is also a timed light you can turn on. The light is a littler dimmer, but it has no fan. So just use that one. In the bathroom there was a good hair dryer I used every day and in the closet there was a good iron and ironing board. They also have a laundry service and a safe that you can put your own code into.The toilet paper and tissues were soft, and the towels smelled clean are were of adequate size. Each day we found clean towels nicely folded in the bathroom and the room was tidied up. I have to say how impressed I was at how quiet it was in the room and on the grounds at night and into the early morning.. After a loud and crazy day in Vegas, it was absolutely wonderful to get back to the hotel grounds where I immediately felt relaxed because it was sooooo quiet there!We ate at Marilyn’s café (open 24 hrs) for lunch two days in a row. It was about the equivalent of Denny’s or IHOP. You have to go through the casino to get to the café, but it is a small casino so a short walk. Even though the café smelled like smoke because of the casino, we sat in the very back and it smelled just fine. They had a huge selection of breakfast, lunch, dinner, desserts, etc. The prices were normal, the service was good, and the food came out in about 10 minutes. The portions were big and both days I couldn’t finish my meal. We ordered the philly cheese steak with hashed browns (you can pick your side---they have a lot to choose from), the grilled cheese with applesauce, the Marilyn’s Sampler which had big mozzarella sticks, chicken fingers, and cheese fries, and the beef French dip with fries. All of it was very tasty.The pool area was beautiful. There was a large outdoor heated pool and hot tub. There was a high of 60 degrees when we were there and people were still hanging out at the pool. There were lots of chairs, large trees, pool towels, music. It was really nice. In the hotel, next to the pool there was a little mini café with drinks and snacks. Near that was a little gift shop with all kinds of cute things and next to that there was a concierge service. They even had an area where they sell half priced show tickets. There was a fitness center and a nice Italian restaurant, but we didn’t try those.I read in some reviews that the walk from the hotel to the strip was long and scary, but I would have to disagree. When you check in, ask to stay near the front of the hotel, close to flamingo street. From the front of the hotel, you just walk 5 minutes down Flamingo directly to Bally’s. It was completely safe. We walked it several times, including at night. I took pictures along the walk so everyone can see it’s short and not scary. Along the walk, there were several nice high rise hotels, normal people walking, and lots of cars driving, so it’s not like anything bad would happen. Once you get to Bally’s you go into the sports book/shops entrance which are the first doors you see (again, only a 5 minute walk from the hotel) and once in there, you can either jump right on the monorail which will take you anywhere for $5 a person (they also have 1 day and 3 day tickets) or walk through the Bally’s shops and the casino and it will put you right on the strip, or instead of walking through the Bally’s casino, walk through Paris which is awesome (shops, restaurants, and the casino) and that will put you on the strip too. It’s all connected so it’s really simple. We mostly walked everywhere we were going except for the nights when we got dressed up for fancy dinners. On those nights, the bellman got us a taxi or nice car quickly.You have to pay for wireless internet in your room--$10 for 24hrs, but it’s free in the lobby and the pool café. One night when we got back to the Tuscany, there was a live band playing that was pretty good in the bar area and people were dancing and having a good time. On the day we checked out of the Tuscany, we were able to check our bags with the bellman because our flight out of Vegas wasn’t until several hours later. When we came back later to pick them up, the bellman retrieved out luggage from behind locked doors and put them into the taxi for us. The service at the Tuscany front door was very good.My husband and I were very pleased with the Tuscany suites. Because it was my first time to Vegas, I’d probably like stay at a few hotels on the strip to see what it’s like, but after that I’d probably return to the Tuscany because of how quiet, relaxing, clean, convenient it is and how large the rooms were.	
Jan 12 2009 	Loved the Tuscany	We stayed at the Tuscany from Dec. 31 throught Jan. 4th and loved it. Everything was perfect from the great room that was wonderfully clean on arrival and throughout our stay to the very friendly staff. The location is close enough to the strip that you can walk any casino you want to visit. We would recommend the Tuscany to anyone who wants to go to Vegas! We will stay there again and again.	
Dec 31 2008	Tips for disabled travelers	The hotel is very nice and the restaurants are great - good food and wonderful service. The rooms are fantastic, but if you are a disabled traveler, these are a few things you should know.I called the hotel several times to make sure our room was accessible for my son. They assured me we would have an accessible room, with roll in shower and bath chairs are provided. Upon our arrival, the room I reserved was not available. All rooms are accessible as being large with grab bars. However, the grab bars and hand held shower were in th tub, which my son cannot use. They have roll in showers, but there are no grab bars in them and no hand held showers. Also, when I asked for the bath chair they said they had, I was told that they only have one and would see if it was available. They did find one, but it is not very stable so I would suggest bringing your own or renting one. Also, you have to go outside to get to your rooms and some are quite far away from the casino.So overall, if you are a disabled traveler, I would be very specific about your accomodations before booking a room. In the end, they did accomodate us with a wonderful two bedroom suite with a roll in shower. However, as I stated before, there were no grab bars or hand held shower in it, so we still had to punt.Even though we had a few problems, I would still highly recommend this hotel, but be very specific about your needs.	
Dec 28 2008 	Highly recommended cheap instead of a fancy big one...	The Tuscany Suites is a very well located hotel on Flamingo Road which is in the centre of the Las Vegas Boulevard South &quot;LAS VEGAS STRIP&quot;. Theres a huge crossroads where Ballys, Bellagio, Flamingo and Caesars Palace all meet so the location is very central. Its about a 10 minute walk up to Ballys where you can walk through the hotel and get the monorail up and down the strip. As you walk up the street you might see the odd person who you might think is a down and out tramp and will bother you for money but we didn't have a problem, as you walk down Flamingo Road you can see the shrine left for 2Pac the &quot;music artist&quot; who was shot in 1996 in a drive by shooting - yeah I thought what you are thinking now as well but don't worry.The hotel has everything you need as its only really a base for anyone who intends to do what everyone else does in Las Vegas which is see the sites. The rooms are huge, you get a massive bed, a private bathroom with a bath and shower which was almost as big as my living room. There is a three piece suite in the room, a kitchen area and a writing table. The hotel rooms are quiet and a split up in to different sections - so imagine ten Travel Lodge size buildings all together. They are well looked after and well serviced. There is a casino (as you would expect), which doesn't close, a Mexican restaurant which is good, a cafe, a pizza take away and a shop. We didn't have much cause to speak to the people behind the desk on Reception but when we did the people were very pleasant and the people on the door were good aswell. Use the monorail as much as you can - its so cheap and saves lots of walking because the strip is very long, you can buy a day or weekly pass and its well worth the cash, if you get a book of vouchers on the first day which they give away in the hotels you can save a few dollars on the cost. It runs from the MGM up to the other end but not as far as Circus Circus or the Stratosphere Tower, you can walk up there and get a bus from the Stratosphere down to Fremont Street at Downtown Las Vegas for a few dollars. Go at night to experience the light and video shows - you've seen nothing like it!If you are going eat out then go to the buffets - Ballys was the best we had - $20 for an evening buffet - fantastic!! You can get all the tickets for shows and trips etc like Grand Canyon, Hoover Dam, Mama Mia all on the strip and save a lot of cash, we did a helicopter flight for $40 each for 15 minutes at night - worth every penny! We fitted so much into a week and saw all the hotels on strip - its an amazing place....	
Dec 10 2008 	A great place	We stayed at the Tuscany for 4 weeks in the same room, I301. It was great! We loved the room. You can see the from the pictures the layout. I'm going to comment on things I read in these reviews from my perspective. Our comments: The pillows, bed was super comfortable (we got a king) - but the sheets are not fitted. While this did not prove a problem to me, as I don't move around much while sleeping, my husband didn't like the sheets pulling out from the foot of the bed. The towels were nice and plush - not the cheapo white stiff variety, but plush. We got plenty of them. The bathroom had 3 lights - only one is connected to the fan - so, come on people, use the other two lights if you don't want the fan on! There is a very bright light over the sink area (which had a medicine cabinet for storage) and also a heat lamp-type light between the tub and shower area. The one thing I didn't like about the shower area is that is had no shelf space for shampoo/conditioner, etc. It only had a soap dish, but no place to store your razor etc. And the bottom was angled toward the drain in the center, so no flat area either. The shampoo was great; the conditioner was not something I could use on my long hair (I've learned to bring my own from home). The toilet paper was 2-ply quilted - so not the cheapee stuff some people complained about. Yes, the TV had 14 channels and three were casino oriented - but it also had CNN, the 4 major networks, TNT movie channel, a Spanish channel, PBS, ESPN, and two others. Not bad. The kitchen was great. We got a microwave first thing (just ask for one when you check in and it'll be delivered right away), coffeemaker, decent sized frig and two burners. Plenty of cabinet space. But, of course, you have to bring your own dishes, utensils, etc. Noone in these reviews commented on the fitness center much - I can see why because its rarely used. We used it 20 of 28 days on our trip and rarely saw anyone else in there. It also was great. It's its own separate building and has two areas - the cardio and weights. The cardio area had two treadmills, two or three bikes and one stairstepper. The TV and one stairstepper machine were broken. In the other area, there were three leg machines (curl, press and extension) and 5 other upper body machines plus an ab cruncher machine. In addition, there were two benches and free weights (no bars). Dumbbells started at 5' and went to 50'. Alas, the common weights, the 15', 20' and one 40' were missing. It provided us with great workouts. I took some photos and plan to download them to here, so look for those soon.There is a lap pool and a regular pool. plus two jacuzzis. Too cool to swim in Nov/dec, but we had 72-77 degree weather, so hung out and read there. Oh, they provide a complimentary USA Today newspaper at the front desk. Just get there before 9:30am, otherwise the supply is gone. Restaurants were okay. We mainly ate at Marilyns - they have a $3.99 steak and eggs b'fast from 12-5am - and it was massive, but the steaks were marginal. Other food was okay. Nothing great. Ate at the Mex restaurant twice - had these fish tacos which were fabulous. Also a steak burrito that was just okay.Never ate at the Italian restaurant. Looked rather pricey to me.The walk - yes, its about a 10 min walk to the Strip. We did it numerous times. One block off the Strip up and down it, you find trash, the low-life, beggars, racks of girlie magazines, etc. So, this area is no exception. So, if you don't mind the hike (bring good shoes) - you get to the real heart of the Strip in 10 min. I just wouldn't do it alone. We had a car - and this was both a plus and minus. You got wheels so can travel, but oftentimes the traffic is so thick and drivers are so crazy, that you could almost walk faster and prefer not to go anywhere because the driving is so hazardous. Vegas is laid out well, but each light takes so long to get thru because you have to wait for each set of turn lanes to go. Anyways, after midnight the roads are good. and better between 9am and 3pm.If you are into dancing and are of the 40+ crowd or would rather not stand around in a 20+ crowd listening to ear-deafening rap and hiphop or have to buy $400 bottle-service VIP areas, write me and I'll give you some good locations to go. Overall, we'd definately stay there again. We loved not having to eat out all the time, having our car right outside our door, and having a short walk to our room. Also, you never had to set foot in a smokey casino if you didn't want to. The lobby is outside the casino area.	
Dec 3 2008 	Nice Room and Grounds	We recently stayed at Tuscany for 11 nights. We were very comfortable for such a long visit as the rooms is very large and extremely clean. The furniture is dated and the walls and carpets are very dark, but the bed was comfortable. The bathroom is very large with separate tub and shower in one area and a private area with toilet. There were tons of towels and shampoo and soap. The hotel needs to be remodeled, but the price would not have been as reasonable. We paid $422 total for 11 nights!The casino is pretty bad -- smoky, not many machines. Marilyn's Cafe has consistently good food. We ate there about four times, and each time the food was well made.The driveways and parking lots are well lit - and the pool was open in November. Most of the pools in other hotels were closed for the season. I used the weight room and it was okay. The staff was very friendly, and I don't think you can beat the location. I have been to Las Vegas about 15 times in the last six years, and I don't remember ever being in such a convenient location -- if you have a car.	
Nov 27 2008 	Not as bad as the reviews said	My boyfriend and I decided to go to Vegas for his birthday. We stayed at the Tuscany Suites from June 6th - June 9th. We rented a car at the airport. It was a last minute decision and instead of paying the full rate, I had someone at home reserve a car for us through hotwire, saving us about 65%. Anyhow, the car ended up being a great idea as the hotel is about 3 loooooooong blocks from the strip. When we wanted to go to the strip we would park in the Hurrahs parking lot, its free. We picked up our rental and after a brief look at the strip, we went to the hotel. We were an hour early, but our room was ready. As far as the hotel in general, it was clean and spacious, yes the funiture needs to be updated and the tv could use more channels but overall, I enjoyed the space. We ate at the hotel everyday, mostly for breakfast, but we did do mexican for lunch one day and the pizza place for a late night snack. The food was really good, make sure you take advantage of the coupons that you are given at check-in. We didn't use the pool so I can comment. The hotel was quiet at night and even though parking is scarce at night, I didn't feel unsafe at any time. We did enjoy the casino, the day before we left the dealers gave my boyfriend a full lesson step by step on how to play at the craps table. He enjoyed the lesson and now feels comfortable playing. Check-out was easy, yes we had to pay some kind of nominal fee but our room was a comp from Wyndham so I couldn't complain. When I go back I will probably stay again.	
Nov 26 2008 	Not As Good as Expected	Not good. No ambience whatsoever, much less Italian. Like a mediocre casino placed amid a sprawling apartment complex. Room reminded me of a studio apartment I rented in the 1970's. The heater produced a foul odor when I turmed it on. Cheap furniture, 3rd floor overlooked parking lot and some forgotten construction project. Bathroom large, but cheap decor, single sink, shower head kept moving - possible scald issue, toilet roll holder kept falling out. Initially i was given a room that was not clean, had to lug all suitcases to another room, with the dark brown 'mystery' carpet, and bad odor.	
Nov 18 2008 	Loved It!	We did not have a problem with the $12 check in especially when we arrived at 9 am and they had a room ready for us. When I was checking with other hotels...most of them did not even offer an early check in. We did not use the phone due to the fact that we had cell phones. We loved the bathroom with a separate room for the toilet and a separate tub from the shower. The room was very large and CLEAN! We had our beds made every day and plenty of towels. It was about a 10 minute SAFE walk to the strip BUT better yet it was very close to the monorail of which we used to get pretty much everywhere. From our room, to the monorail, through Bally's to the Venetian was a mere 20-30 minutes total. Sure it is not right on the strip but you are one of the first stops from the airport and the casino is GREAT! We ate at Marilyn's a couple times and had great food each time then we ate at the Mexican Cantina once and that was also great food; all the prices were reasonable....$12.99 for all you can eat crab legs....AND OMG...I think some of the best crab legs we have ever had. The casino was a great place too...the dealers were very nice and took the time and PATIENCE to teach me about Craps and black jack. It was a great atmosphere in the casino too....not too crowded and ALL the staff was very friendly. The only suggestion is that I wished they had plates and eating utensils so that we could have prepared some food in our room. We will definitely stay there again! Great value, nice casino and the staff was friendly. This was surprise trip for my husband and I was worried that he would not like the location but he said next time we will be staying here again!-Stacy	
Nov 14 2008 	Excellent value and large room	We were really happy with this hotel! We got a very good deal during October. The room was big and comfortable. The pool area was very nice and not too crowded. We ate breakfast in the casino twice, and it was pretty good. The location is good, though it is a bit farther to the Strip than we expected. It looks so close since the hotels over there are so giant! We walked to the strip a few times and took taxis most of the time. It is about 3 blocks from Bally's, but one of the blocks is very long. The nice thing is we never got stuck in traffic like you do on the strip. The taxis can take the back roads to get to almost any casino. Also, you don't have to walk 10 minutes through the casino to get to your room like at the big casino hotels. We wouuld definitely stay again if we could get a good price.	
Oct 21 2008 	Great time had by all	A great value for the money, rooms were clean and large. If you are looking for a quiet casino to learn at , this is your place. The walk from the strip to your room at 2pm is a little spooky but was safe , the area needs more lighting on the roadway, but over all we had a blast.	
Oct 13 2008	WONDERFUL!!	I am a resident of Las Vegas and recently had my wedding at the Tuscany Chapel and reception dinner at Tuscany Gardens. Everything, EVERYTHING, was gorgeous and wonderful! The staff at the chapel really know how to coordinate a beautiful wedding - totally worry free. Not the cheesy &quot;Vegas style&quot; you hear about, but a beautiful, classy wedding.As for the restaurant - Tuscany Gardens - my guests - all of whom were from out of state - are still RAVING a month later about the food, service and atmosphere. The manager of the restaurant was so very accommodating, patient and just first class in everything.Also, most of my guests stayed at the Tuscany Hotel and everyone gave it a great approval rating. The rooms are spacious (like little apartments) and since it's a bit off the beaten path, you feel like you are at a resort and can get away from the 24 hour noise of the strip.If you are thinking of getting married in Las Vegas, I highly suggest you take a look at the Tuscany. First Class all the way.Signed: Happy Bride =)	
Oct 13 2008	hidden costs	Where as most basic hotels these days will provide free internet in the rooms, the Tucany will charge you 13.95 for 24 hrs of time. This is absurd if you just wanted to say, check on a flight or such.I also used the biz center to print boarding passes, There is a per minute charge for this after finding one computor that would not work while the clock was running ,it cost me 7 bucks to print a couple of passes. When checking out the next morning I found out that they charge 20 per night extra for 3 people in the room.When I asked for a supervisor they said that none where on duty, they finally called a Pit boss who was not aware how the hotel was run. He said sorry to bad,The internet and biz center are run by and outside company so if somthing goes wrong Tucany is no help. I would not recommend the Tucany	
Oct 8 2008 	Warning!	Honestly, after reading other reviews, I cooled off a little. People love this place and there were definately things to love about it. However I have serious complaints and just want to warn those of you in a similar situation. I am a hotel manager in Oregon, so I know a few things. For one, I was here for a conference for my hotel chain and my company arranged to pay for my room with a credit card and sent an authorization. As I always do, I called ahead and everything was in place. When I arrived, I told the lady they had authorization on a company card, but here's mine for incidentals. She told me they would authorize $10 on my card. She then handed me my card back saying they only had authorization to charge my company card one night, their computer said &quot;guest pays&quot; and she had already authorized my card $280 for the rest of my stay! Without even giving me a chance to straighten it out. She then told me I would have to see the concierge. My front desk staff is empowered to help our guests. They do not have to stand in line to see someone else. After a long wait, the concierge told me they didn't have authorization and they would not accept a faxed one now as they don't accept them past 72hrs prior to arrival. Even though THEY lost it. She further went on to say she would not call my company to straighten out the problem, I would have to figure out something. At my property, if we misplace an authorization, we are on the phone doing everything we can to get our guest comfortably into their room asap. we do not look at them in a strange town with no bed and say, sorry, good luck to ya! It turned out, my Controller had to drive to my bank and deposit money into my bank account.The front desk charges $12 for early check in. What is this! Unheard of is what it is. I heard the front desk clerk tell a guest (who is also a frequent traveler and never heard of such a thing) it was because house keeping has to come in early to clean the rooms for him. Wrong. Housekeeping starts at 8 or 9 am, sometimes as early as 7am, some larger hotels have them around the clock. If you have a room ready, you do what you can to accomodate your guests. Then, from my room, I used a 1-800 number calling card to call my company and my hotel property quite a few times in the 5 days I was there. There is nothing on the phone telling you EVERY call you make has a $1.00 charge. When I checked out I was horrified. Outrageous! The front desk clerk went to get a manager (once again, he was not empowered to do anything) Another guy came out and said &quot;It's only a dollar&quot; For one thing, that's rude and unprofessional, for another, it was only $1.00 forty times, for another thing, if it's only a dollar, you take it off my bill! I told him no hotel charges that and he asked what other hotels I stay at! Again, very rude, beside the point. However I told him I stay in hotels, nice ones, a minimum of 5 times per year. I then asked if the casino wasn't making enough money for them, that they had to nickel and dime their guests to death. He shrugged. One more thing. From our room, we ordered a $20 pizza. When it was delivered, it was $30. The guy said there was a $3.00 delivery fee, fine, we saw that on the brocure. But there is also a $6.95 surcharge. For what??? I asked if that is charged in the restaurant, he said no, only for delivery. For what, gas? The restaurant is located in the casino! We sent the pizza back and a lady who barely spoke english called us in our room to chew us out and said if you don't want the pizza, don't order it! I told her we'll take the $20 pizza we ordered, not the $30 no explanation pizza.Finally, we were in building M, which is a hike to the casino and the conference rooms where my meetings were.All of that said, except for one bartender, all of the personell were very friendly and accomodating (except front desk and management). althought our matress was old and badly worn, the room was clean and spacious and had a micro/fridge, sink and range! I wish I had known, we would've brought food to cook! How fun. So if you stay here, you could plan to do that. And if you like poker, Texas Hold Em, the pool room here is exceptional. Wonderful staff and a fabulous local crowd. They made our stay great, in particular my husband who played with them while I was in meetings.However, though we will return to this poker room, on my company's next conference, we will not stay at this hotel due to the service we received. We were previously at the Wynn and the Westin and had none of the above issues.	
Oct 2 2008 	once again another great stay	This was our second stay in the Tuscany and once again we were not dissapointed.The room was great, serviced every day with loads of clean towels and plenty tolietries.Staff very friendly and helpful.Booked via Expedia and got a great rate, it may be a 5-10 min walk to the strip but with the amount of money you save on the rooms you can take the odd taxi now and again!!Food in Marylyns was good, steak and eggs for $4.00 and it was lovelyWas also lucky in the casino and the cocktail girls were great, sometimes too good if you know what i mean..........too much Johnnie Walker one night.My friends stayed there the week before and couldn't believe how good the accom was.Great pool area also.Wouldn't hesitate to return.	
Sep 30 2008 	not bad at all!	Stayed there while in Vegas last week. Reasonable price and close enough to the strip. We actually had a great time there. We stayed at Ballys last year, and Ballys bed was more comfy, had room service, etc...but we also paid a whole lot more for Ballys. Our room at Tuscany was good size, the AC worked almost too well, I liked the tub and seperate shower. We ate at Marilyns Cafe and the Mexican cantina, and loved them both. We had great service, the prices are reasonable and the food was better than the cafe at Bally's!! We ate at Marilyn 3 times and at the mexican cafe twice. We really liked the slot selections, didn't win a whole lot but didn't lose it quickly either. The only drawbacks that we found were the very loud bathroom fan that has to be on when you're in the bathroom. (The toilet is in a seperate room off of where the tub and shower are, and the fan is in the toilet room). And we only got 4 or 5 channels on TV, but that wasn't too bad since we only watched before going to sleep. I'd stay here again, and would prefer it more than any of the huge hotels on the strip!	
Sep 14 2008 	Tuscanny suites was great	We really loved Tuscanny Suites and would definatley book again. The rooms were large clean and comfortable. AC was good and kept the room cool, as the temperature was over 110 degree's some days. We were in block B wich was just near the front rd, handy to get to as it was right near reception and all the other facilitys. Tuscanny gardens restaurant was fantastic and i would really recommend it, we went a couple of times, their steak and Lobster tail was fantastic, also i had the lamb chop's another night they were lovely. The restaurant is beautifully decorated ,very elegant and the staff were really nice. For a top class restaurant the prices were quite reasonableMarilyns cafe was great to, we had breakfast there nearly every morning, we thought it was really good value for money plenty to choose from, and the portions were quite big, there pancakes and maple syrup were yummy all the staff were lovely.There is a take away place there which sells nice sandwiches we had a beef sandwich one day with salad, and the pizza's were good to. If you join the players club in the casino and get some points on your card, you can get free meals, or money of, at any of there restaurants, take away or even use it to to pay for a late check out, so make enquirys about joining, they will give you instructions when you join,and give you more info ( you can join a players club in every casino) so it's worth while joining it's free and some casino's you get free T shirt, key ring, or a free Buffy meal Theres a 7/11 just round the corner you can stock your fridge with water ,wine, beer etc, it's quite cheap there as well, just go out main reception turn left then left at main entrance ,walk to the petrol station cross the forecourt and it's just at the back of the garage, not far to walk at all.Theres a bus stop outside tuscanny suites and one of the waitresses in Marilyn's told us you can get an all day pass if you get on there for $2.5 instead of $5.00 on the strip, handy to know, but we didn't take advantage of it because we got told on our last day there and for the nine days we were there we took taxis, but hey we will next time,hopefully there will be a next time, as we enjoyed it so much. Myself and my long term partner got married while we were there, we didn't use tuscanny chapel all though it did look beautiful, we used little chapel of the flowers it was brilliant, We had the most fantastic holiday ,also there was some of my family with us, they all loved Tuscanny suites and we all loved Las vegas	
Sep 2 2008 	Loved this place!	This hotel was great! It was my first time in Vegas, and this hotel was perfect for my family. The building is very pretty! The only part my family didn't like was the fact that we had to take a taxi everywhere. It's a little more than a mile from the strip.. and with the Vegas weather.. that would be a long walk!On my first day I was invited to Rehab at Hard Rock. My luggage was with the bell hop while we waited for our room.. the staff was great.. I was able to dig through my luggage for a bikini while they got me a taxi to Hard Rock. I had a towncar within a couple of minutes.We were ALWAYS able to get a taxi within 5 minutes to take us wherever.The rooms were HUGE and the maids were there to clean everyday. I would definitely stay here again!	
Sep 1 2008 	Great Place To Stay	We stayed at the Tuscany for three days in August 2008. We loved this hotel. The restaurants are so good we didn't eat anywhere else. The food was great and very reasonably priced. The casino was much larger than we expected, and lots of fun. The grounds are beautiful and lots of shaded walkways. The rooms are huge, with lots of extras and very clean. The staff, from the check-in desk, casino employees, groundskeepers, restaurants and maids were all friendly and helpful. I almost forgot to mention the lounge, it was really nice too, with great entertainment. I wouldn't stay anywhere else in Las Vegas. It's very close to the strip and the airport is about a 5 minute drive.	
Aug 27 2008	Great Place and Location	I just stayed at Tuscany Suites and Casino last week and really enjoyed my stay. This place may have once been an apartment complex or a timeshare. There were many buildings with walkways (3 stories high with elevators). The room was incredibly enormous and clean and the king bed was extremely comfortable. Our safe and hairdryer were both broken, but maintenance came immediately and replaced both of them. The A/C worked just fine. The bathroom was HUGE and also very clean. There was a large room with a vanity/sink area, separate shower stall and separate bathtub..then another door where the toilet was. Our room was at the end of the hallway.. right near the doorway of the building and also the elevator, but it was still very quiet there even though the hotel was full. We had a fridge and a microwave, which came in handy when we brought home some leftovers from our meals. We were in Building O which was a very short walk to the main pool and casino and main building. What we liked best was the size of the room, comfortable bed, cleanliness and the fact that it was nice and quiet (away from all the hustle and bustle of the strip). It is located right behind Bally's about two blocks down (may be a little bit of a walk for some to get to the strip, but it could be done easily for others). We needed handicap parking, but sometimes those spots were taken some times, and we had to park a little further away from our building, but still not very far. Having a car rental was great because we could go anywhere..and used many of the side streets and back roads to get to the main hotels on the strip..many of which do have a back entrance. We didn't eat there, but we did like Terribles..one block down, which had great deals on their buffets ($4.99 breakfast..$9.99 or 12.99 for dinner). There's also tons of other places to eat on this street (Flamingo Road) and in walking distance to the hotel. Pool area was lovely and also very quiet and met up with some nice poeple. There were plenty of towels and lounge chairs..and also plenty of palm trees with shade if the sun was too much (temps were 103 degrees). Also, we booked via their website and received great deal for under $50/night plus tax. We couldn't figure out what all the negativity on this place was about.. Lovely hotel and grounds...we had no complaints at all and would stay there again.	
Aug 23 2008 	Loved it here!	The room was huge, clean and comfy. Had all the amenities. Great location near the Strip, but in a quiet spot. The only thing missing for us was a kiddie pool. The pool was too deep for my 3 year old to play in. But we would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 18 2008 	Great Family Stay	Just got back from our trip to Las Vegas, staying Sunday thru Thursday at the Tuscany Suites. We booked through tripres.com. Not sure I'd use them again. Would probably go right through hotel. The hotel puts a $60- deposit on each room on your credit card for incidentals, etc. We did get it all back later. This hotel is located on Flamingo Rd about 1- 1/2 blocks from the strip.Tuscany is an all Suites hotel. But when you book, make sure and tell them exactly what you want. If you want a king size bed, or two doubles. Also specify if you need a microwave/cook top or not. I believe each room comes with a coffee maker and small refrigerator though. We had two double suites. I wanted a kind and a double, but apparently they are not located near one another, so I settled for doubles. I was told by (tripres) that 6 people could fit into suite. This is only correct if you get a king suite with a pull out couch and order for an additional fee a roll away. Roll-aways are not allowed in rooms that have 2 beds per NV law (?)Check in/out was rather quick as the desk has several agents working. Your room key gets you into the buildings and the pool area. Towels are provided. The rooms were both clean and contained 2 double beds, small breakfast table, refrigerator, sink, coffee maker. The toilet is separate from the rest of the bathroom. The bathroom has stand up shower. Soaking tub. (nothing fancy, just a normal tub by itself. ) Nice size sink and vanity combo. Suite is somewhere around 500 sq feet. We were in bldg D the closest to strip. Parking was a breeze and not far to walk from your vehicle unlike many Las Vegas hotels. The pool was any easy walk and by the way was open until 10pm. I have been told that most LV hotel pools are only open until 7pm. You can only enter from Flamingo Rd, so do not try and get in from the street behind as you will be able to squeeze in between fence if you are walking. There is a nice little casino here as well as 3 restaurants. We signed up for the players club. We spent very little honestly, but were able to get most of it back in either restaurant or gift shop comps! The kids ate pizza from the pizza restaurant. They weren't impressed, but I think it was more of a thin Italian style pizza than what they were used to.Check out is btwn 11am-12 unless prior arrangements are made. We ended up getting stuck at a time share presentation, but had left our teen age kids the credit card and all keys. Sadly, they had to wait over 2 hrs in the lobby, but were able to check out with no problems.This hotel is the perfect location for checking out all sorts of locations around the town. Caesars and the Flamingo are within 10 minutes. There is both a AM /PM and 7/11 right around the block. Another sleeper of a casino just a little further up Flamingo is Terrible 's Casino. Sign up for their players card. It's a good deal! Had both the breakfast and dinner buffets there. Not bad at all.General tips about travel here. Bring bottled water. The hottest it got was 121 deg. It was 90deg at 0700. Stopped at a shop in Cesar's for bottled water (2 water +1 Gatorade= $14.50) NO I did not pay such a price. Went to McDonald's and got one there. You can also buy from the locals for $1 bottle. Fremont area gift shops you can get for up to 3 for a buck! Don't try and see everything in one day/night. Space it out. Most of the strip hotels you can park in the valet parking and just tip a couple/few dollars. So much easier than 'self parking'! Wish we would have tried this sooner in the trip!Time shares: We did two. first one got 6 tickets to the Secret Garden and $20 match play at Tropicana. Not bad. Second place got $200. Was quite a bit longer than the first and more of a hard sell. Everywhere you see free info on tours, discounted tours, etc, read timeshare! This is fine if you have the time and either could possibly be interested in timeshares or just want the gifts. Haggle with them for better stuff. And when they say it's just a few blocks away, just laugh. They will all be way down past the airport, &quot;which will some day be the center of the strip&quot;!Ate at several buffets, but might be worth reviewing separately!	
Aug 17 2008 	Great hotel outside the strip!	We stayed 5 nights in July at Tuscany.Loved the hotel ! Yes its a few blocks away from the strip but this hotel is very friendly (loved the friendly atmosphere...)The rooms where BIG ,clean and nice.Pools are OK (free towels) I tryed out the lap pool for the morningswim- it was nice with cool water and yacuzzi afterwards.Tryed the Mexican Cantina one night- didnt like it,Marilyns was great! friendly,nice simple food at the right price.(the salad was great!!)If you want to eat little better try out italian &quot;Tuscany Gardens&quot; they had very nice food!!the price level at this hotel is much lower then at the strip (stayed on the strip after this stay)we payed 6 dollars for 2 GT at Tuscany !!	
Aug 10 2008 	No Problems...just restful	We stayed here 5 nights and having read the previous reviews (thank you very much) we brought supplies from home to equip the kitchenette, but we drove in from Tucson, making this easily possible.The first room assigned was next to the elevator, which made a horrible noise when it stopped on the third floor (we were on the 1st). Next morning staff moved us to another building with no problem at all. Our room was clean, smelled fresh, and we felt safe and relaxed the entire time. Even the casino was good to us.Marilyn's Cafe was 50/50. Food was great, service often was not! Like the previous reviews, this is not The Winn, but we did not pay Winn prices either. We got good value for our dollar and will definitely be back, just not so much to Marilyn's.	
Aug 9 2008 	Good Hotel at a Great Price	We were pleased with this hotel from Check-in to Check-out. We booked 2 rooms and arrived late at night. The hotel clerk made sure we received adjoining rooms. We reserved a King Suite and a Double Suite. The rooms were clean; comfortable, and very large. The only things I didn't like was, there was no microwave oven, and the sliding closet door kept falling off its track, in both rooms. The bathroom was average, but it came with a bathtub, and the water pressure was good, which is really important to me. The pool was very nice, with lots of towels available. We only ate at Marilyn's Cafe, which had good food at a good price, so I can't speak for the other dining establishments at the hotel. We were very pleased with our choice of Tuscany Suites. Please review the pictures I took, and I hope this helped.	
Jul 30 2008 	Liked the Tuscany	My husband and I stayed at the Tuscany for 9 days.We were attending a convention there. The Tuscany hasmany different buildings, We had arrived a few days before theconvention started so that we could get a good room/building.We were in building C, I had asked for the closest to the pool without paying the extra premium 40 dollars a nite for a patio.Room was a handicapped room, which was fine. Large with sitting area and small dining room table. It had a small dorm fridge and coffee maker. I had heard that they had stovetops and/or microwaves. We had neither but when I asked at the desk for a microwave, I had one when we got back from dinner.Be advised, that this is not a condo.,,I t does NOT have plates, silverware, pots or ANY type of cooking utensils. We did a quick trip to superWalmart down on Boulder Highway. I bought a toaster for $6, and a blender for $13 along with paper plates,plastic silverware and food. We saved a tremendous amount of money by having breakfast and some lunches by the pool.Housekeeping was spotty, We always had our beds made andtowels. But weekday housekeeping staff cleaned up more than the weekend staff. No matter, it was clean. We had a first floor room, I had read that the ceiling/floors were not soundproof.Yes, we heard the people above us, but we werent in the room long enough for it to be an issue. Limited TV stations, maybe 10-13 or so,,,but had all the basic channels, but no premium ones, not a problem for us, We were out every night anyhow. The doors were a bit weird. The handles worked better pulling them up instead of pushing down. Had to wiggle the cards a few times to get it to unlock, and they demagnetized very easy.Had to have ours replaced once, others had theirs replaced a dozen times.Slots were tight, didnt see many people winning but with the slow economic times, I figured they wouldnt be loose anyway.They could have had more chairs around the pool.Our group had 800+ people, maybe only less than 100 chairs.The mexican restaurant was great, Large portions,Good food!Marilyns Cafe,,,not good. We went in once , waiting almost a halfhour and we didnt even get a wait staff to even acknowledge we were there, so we left.Another time we went there with friends, I got the meatloaf, It was inediblle.Others liked the wings and pancakes, we didnt give them another chance. We had a car so we could leave hotel for dinner.All in all, intimate setting for a large group. Places to sit in the lobby as a meet up location. Large stuffed chairs.Would stay again.	
Jul 28 2008 	We Loved the Tuscany!	We loved the Tuscany.The rooms are large and the staff was great.I need an Accessible room and found it to be one of the largest I have stayed at.For the convention that we attend- it was the perfect size.We practically took over the hotel .Lots of sofas and room to hang out and visit.The Restaurants were all good.Marilyn's is open 24 hours- which is great for our group(with lots of late nighters)Had the best Chicken Fettucini Alfredo that I have ever had at the Tuscany Gardens.The Cantina Had great Tacos and Beachfront Pizza was super yummy too. The only thing I can complain about is that I wish they had a bigger menu for their room service Breakfast- that was very limited.But otherwise the Tuscany gets an 'A' in my book! Katherine in Cali	
Jul 28 2008	Good Hotel GREAT Coffee shop	I was at the hotel for the first few days of the BBW bash and for a friends wedding. The room was nice and spacious, the pool area nice, but the most pleasant surprise was &quot;Marilyn's&quot; the coffee shop, excellent food and service and very fair pricing. I lost in the Casino, but if they held the Bash there next year, would definitely come back.	
Jul 24 2008 	not what we expected	We booked a weeks stay at Tuscany Suites in Las Vegas for a wind down after my husbands working trip. Loads of people said to us, oh thats quite new, have heard good things. The place was ok, rooms were big but dodgy bathroom tiles (moving and some cracked) a mini kitchen with no utensils of any sort, and upon asking reception were told never had any, so i suggested they may want to include this in their room description, all i got was a shrug. The worst though was the valet service..... taxis were the only transport mode, no shuttle (which we did know) but they were rude straight up so we didn't tip this one guy after that and he was awful from then on. Not quite what we expected and we did regret seeing some other places in our price range (stay at Tahiti) and wishing we'd booked there!!	
Jul 24 2008	nice hotel	we spent 4 days here in july arrived early hours of the morning and checked in ok , i had previously asked for a pool view but was disappointed to have view of main road , once i had complained i was given a upgraded room that was much better, the rooms are on the large side and was kept clean , the pool area is peaceful and well maintained, the strip is a short 10 min walk down a main road , i would definately stop here again as it gets you away from the hussle and bussle of the strip	
Jul 15 2008 	Nothing Fancy...all the Way Around!	If you go in with low expectations...you'll be fine. To be honest, this property should be in downtown Las Vegas. There is nothing glamorous about this hotel / casino. The A/C unit in the room did not cool at all and room reeked of a fishy odor. The cashier in the coffee shop didn't even know how to charge my breakfast to my room and the bar wouldn't even serve coffee drinks.However, the fact that Lawry's is directly across the street is a plus.If you want to escape the hustle and bustle of the strip, then this is the place for you.	
Jul 1 2008	Good for a Conference	I stayed at the Tuscany Suites and Casino for a conference and was quite satisfied. I was in building E which was a little walk to the main building but manageable, even with a heavy suitcase. The room was large, the A/C unit was loud, and frig was VERY cold. The bathroom was clean and roomy with good shower water pressure. The conference rooms were nice with classroom seating, water in the back, and moderate room temperatures. The women's bathroom was usually crowded, mainly due to an odd arrangement of sinks and towel dispensers. We had continental breakfast (bagels, muffins, and breads) and lunch both days (one day cold sandwiches and salads, and the next day pasta and salads). Everything was tasty and temperature appropriate. Service was efficient and pleasant.The walk to the strip wasn't bad but on my shuttle ride back to the airport I saw several good looking restaurants in the opposite direction (away from the strip). These were within walking distance too and might be a nice alternative. Overall I had a good experience and even won $50 in the casino.	
Jul 1 2008 	Great Price Nice Resort	The Tuscany is not Paris, Mandalay Bay, or the Mirage. My wife, daughter and myself went on family business and found this place to be charming and worth every dime of the inexpensive rate we recieved. The pool was the best part, shaded on a part of the pool at all times throughout the hot day. The rooms were very large, and here's a tip: If you have a toddler it is very easy to baby-proof the room! Some sockets were already out of reach, and the others could easily be hidden with the furniture! The meals at the cafe were excellent, and previous reviewers say expensive, but I dont think so (and I am cheap!). Some long walks to the room, but the air conditioners worked great for us, and the room was a constant 68 degrees. Everyone was nice and friendly. If you are going to Vegas and want a cheaper way to go you will not be dissapointed! Want the glitz and glamour? Go to the Mandalay bay and pay 5X as much.ONE BAD PART: The casino and the dealers/bar tenders are jerks! Worst casino I have been at. Want to play a little? Go down the street 3 blocks and play at Ballys!	
Jun 29 2008	Alright for sleeping	I stayed here for a work conference. My room was in building N and I found the rooms to be quite large. The refrigerator is nice to have especially when it is still 100 degrees outside after 12 midnight. The couch and love seat were new. The bed was a bit mushy but the pillows were great. Every time my head hit the pillows I was out in less than 5 minutes. I cannot say that about the Rio. In all honesty, I only took a shower and took a 3 hour nap each time I was in my room at the Tuscany.I did not like that the rooms were so far from the actual casino, but I fixed that by driving around which of course meant no drinking at the hotel for me. Eating venues - The food is great at the Cafe and Mexican place but the service is quite slow.The best thing about the Tuscany - you earn your comps really fast. So in my case in December 2007 when I only played there I was able to comp a few meals. Then when I returned in June 2008, I again was able to comp the meals I had eaten there. For me, a big slot player, this is a big deal.	
Jun 24 2008 	Has been better	having previously stayed at the tuscany I knew what to expect. It is a good off strip location, relatively quiet at night with little disturbance from traffic or passing noise. It is set in relaxing supposedly tuscan vegetation.This trip I was pleased to see both pools cleaned every day as on previous trips both the pools and hot tubs had been grubby. However, the music by the pool was very monotonous. Every day the same CD comprising the beach boys, Kentucky woman and other such classics was churned out hour after hour. Security was slack which for an off strip venue which allows public access to the room blocks was unacceptable. On arrival our block N front door was unsecured. The door handle wasnt working and was jammed in the down position disengaging the locking mechanism. I reported this to security who assured me a mechanic would look at the lock. This same complaint was made at least 3 times during my stay and nothing was done. In addition my room door was almost impossible to open and lock and I returned to my room once to find the maid has not closed the door properly. the hotel didnt see this as a problem!The fixtures in the room, taps in the bath and kitchen were loose and the TV wouldnt turn off. Again these were reported to the hotel who did nothing about these problems. I have reported these problems to the casino and have yet to receive even an acknowledgement of their failings. I doubt if I could be persuaded to stay again.	
Jun 24 2008	NOW I know better.	Most of the negative reviews turned out to be accurate. The people behind the counter in the one restaurant by the pool would fight over who was to do what and our waitress in another restaurant was rude. We would note a towel laying on the floor by the elevator doors over a couple of days, nobody would pick it up... and inside the elevator, someone inscribed the words &quot;DIE&quot; ( building C ) - Nice way to feel welcomed. The Refrigerator in room went into de-frost mode. ( yes, it's not a frost-free ) The result, I opened the fridge door and water came pouring out over my milk container.Oh, As far as walking to the strip. In the history of walking, yes it not that far.. about 20min - BUT... Would you want to in 100 degree heat? To waste time &amp; dehydrate before getting to a real attraction?	
Jun 10 2008 	Next Time Someplace Else	Checked out yesterday. I noticed the mixed reviews ahead of time, and in general I agree with the accuracy of remarks, both good and bad. I accompanied my husband to a 3 day convention here. The hotel would not allow coffee urns in the meeting rooms; they wanted people to leave (therefore missing part of) their workshops to go elsewhere to buy coffees. Tuscan Gardens restaurant is okay, and pricey: no modest sized side salads included; we had to pay about 7 bucks a la carte for an unnecessarily generous salad to accompany our platters.We stayed in Building L. Upon arriving we got maintenance to come immediately to replace the smoke detector battery, which was chirping. He also did something right away about the stall shower door, which kept popping ajar. Near the end of our 5 night stay, it was popping open again. We did not rest well. We could hear people &quot;stomping&quot; around on the 3rd floor above us early in the morning and also late at night. The bed was soft and saggy, made up with thin bed sheets. After awhile I got used to the sound of the jet planes taking off from the airport, but if I woke up too early, between the saggy bed, foot-stomping coming from above, and the jets taking off every few minutes, I couldn't fall back to sleep. Our a/c unit was quiet enough, but when walking outside we noticed another unit whining away in an irritating fashion.Both our bath fans whined at a very high pitch that made us feel frazzled - the one in the water closet and the other in the main bathroom. The coarseness of our first roll of no-frills, unbleached toilet paper in our room had us making jokes about planing logs; all the public rest rooms on The Strip used a better quality. Fortunately our 2nd roll of white paper was a little bit better.If you are reasonably physically fit, dress cool, and can take some heat for a short walk, it's not far to the rear of air-conditioned Bally's Hotel and Casino, where you can hop on the air-conditioned Monorail. That has 7 stations, from the MGM Grand at the south end, to the Sahara Hotel and Casino, up north by the Stratosphere. The Monorail isn't cheap but it saves you a huge amount of time getting around. And you'll have more energy to enjoy your day or evening longer.	
Jun 7 2008 	For an off-strip hotel good location	On a midweek stay in the summer, the big-name hotels on the strip offer prices comparable to the Tuscany. I'd rather stay in one of those. But for much of the year, and on weekends, Tuscany would be a great value.ASSETS: Rooms are huge. In addition to size of room, mine had both a bath and shower, and toilet behind a separate door. Clean, with good housekeeping staff. Good refrigerator, with ice machine down the hall that worked. You can park near your building, which is impossible on the Strip, and nice if you're traveling with lots of gear. Nice pool area without crowds. A very friendly and helpful staff. Very nice landscaped grounds. 24 hour restaurant in the casino with tasty but not fancy food. Unexpectedly, a gorgeous wedding chapel.WEAKNESSES: Two stove burners, but NO MICROWAVE, and not so much as a spoon. Very limited room service menu. Limited cable had only CNN, WGN, TBS, and local stations. Wi-Fi is available only by paying an extra daily charge. These may be minor considerations to some travelers, but may be significant to others who might deliberately choose a suite hotel.LOCATION: This was very important to me. It's about a ten minute walk to the Strip and to the Monorail. And at the Strip, you're at the convergence of Bally's, Paris, Bellagio, Caesar's, and the Flamingo. A great location. You can do a lot within walking distance. Flamingo Road has a sidewalk, and pedestrian crossings, but it is basically a concrete canyon with a six-lane highway and car exhaust running through it. You may encounter a panhandler or a drunk or prostitute on your walk over to the Strip. For a big city person, this is nothing, but it may frighten someone from a more sheltered background. You can always take a cab. Not far from the airport, either. My cab to the hotel from the airport was $13.50 plus tip. My shuttle back to the airport was $5.00 plus tip.	
Jun 6 2008 	Great one night stay!	After some vacation time in LA, I needed a hotel to stay on Memorial Day eve before I flew out of Vegas early the next day. Based on the reviews here and cost, I chose the Tuscany Suites &amp; Casino. I got a rate of $39 ($45 w/taxes/fees) on i4vegas.com. What a deal it turned out to be! I arrived after dark, around 9:30pm. The hotel is easy to find, just off the strip. Check in went smoothly and it was relatively easy to find my “L” building in the sprawling, multi-building complex. However once I did find the entrance, my room key did not work to open the door. I tried the 2nd key with no luck. So I walked all the way around the building looking for another entrance. Luckily there was one on the other end and one of my keys worked just fine (the other room key was “dead”). It was just a hassle hauling luggage in the dark after I had been on the road for 4.5 hours. Then it turns out my room was only two doors away from the “broken” entrance so re-entering the building to my room was not convenient. But the room/suite itself was wonderful! It was clean, well maintained and very large, even larger than the Rio which I had stayed at earlier in the week; see that review for details. The refrigerator was much bigger than dorm size but not full size; I’d call it “under the counter” size. There were no in room dishes or microwave but I was able to find some at the “coffee shop” on site which was still open and they let me use them to heat up leftovers. The bathroom was also clean, well maintained and huge. It contained a separate toilet room, a shower stall and separate bath tub; very nice! The shower water pressure and temperature were excellent. I requested a non-smoking king bed room, which I received. The room/suite also had a couch, chair, coffee table and kitchen table with two chairs. There was plenty of room for 4 people. The heat/cool unit was a wee bit loud and not very accurate; I set it to 70 but if felt more like 65 so I adjusted it accordingly. But it did work quickly to heat/cool the room and kept it comfortable once I determined my desired temperature. I was placed on the first floor of a multi-floor building and did see someone leave the room next to me but the room was sound proof enough that I did not hear anyone, ever. The bed and linens were comfortable and I slept just fine.I had to leave early the next morning so I was not able to use the rest of the complex to comment on other areas such as the pool, restaurants, casino, etc. It did appear to be clean, well maintained, walkable to the strip, and it is very convenient to the airport. If I am ever in Vegas again, I will most definitely consider a stay here again. Except for the broken building entrance door, a perfect night’s stay at an excellent price!	
Jun 3 2008 	Not bad for the price	Stayed here as part of a conference for 3 nights. The rooms are VERY large, and could easily fit a huge group of people (for a college group). Although there's a small fridge and stove, there are no pans/pots/plates in the room, and no microwave which is a definite downside. Limited tv channels and old tv, but it works fine. There's a nice lounge area/ couch on one side of the room, and a dining set near the kitchen. The rooms are divided into different buildings (A,B,C, etc), so your room key allows entry into your building, and then into your room. However, a big concern about safety was that it apparently is easy to get into the building without a key, since during the time we were there multiple restaurants managed to sneak in and leave their menus under the door to our room. Called hotel security about this, but apparently it happens all the time so be wary. About a 10-15 minute walk to the strip. The location is fine, near the Westin and Bally's, and around the corner there's a 7-11. If you plan on gambling at the hotel, join the Player's Club, since you'll get about $5 free slot play to pass the time. There are A LOT of penny slot machines, and it seemed a pretty popular place for the older crowds. Decent selection of places to eat, including Mexican food at The Cantina. The hotel had a buy-one-get-one-free coupon, which made the cost of dinner for two fajitas about $12. There's also a Lawry's directly across the street, and more restaurants eastt of the strip on Flamingo (Roy's, Morton's), which is great if you want to eat elsewhere and avoid the strip traffic. Overall, a decent experience (especially for the price), and would stay again.	
May 20 2008 	Tuscany Suite Review	We stayed 5 nights for my daughters wedding. The wedding chapel was wonderful. Everything else leaves something to be desired. The staff isn't very friendly or helpful. No one takes accountability for anything. Security staff could use a Dale Carneighe course. Room service missed our room 2 of the 5 nights. We heard numerous other guests expressing their displeasure with the Tuscany suites, anything from billing issues to poor TV service to lack of tack from the security staff. I would recommend staying elsewhere. If you want to stay off strip and price is an issue, the Gold Coast would be a MUCH better choice.	
May 19 2008 	Not impressed	I stayed at the Tuscany for my company's annual sales meeting, and if I had a choice I would not stay here again. While the pricing appears to be reasonable, and my first impression wasn't so bad, that didn't last very long. The lobby area smelled of mildew and water damage, the food in the restaurant (Tuscan Gardens) was below average(two members of my group had to return their overcooked steaks), the a/c unit in my suite was miniscule and did nothing to cool the room, the layout of the property was confusing and too spread out, and the distance to the strip was a little too far to walk and through a questionable neighborhood. The conference rooms were laid out nicely (we used one large room and 4 adjacent small ones), however they seemed to be on the same air vent system as the casino, and the smoky air was drawn into the conference rooms all day. The bright side through all of this were the people... the front desk clerks were friendly and helpful, the doormen outside were quick to assist, the catering staff were great and the gentleman who helped us set up our meeting was great.	
May 18 2008 	Great alternative to the larger hotels on the strip	My boyfriend and I spent 3 nights at the Tuscany Hotel recently and had no complaints. The room was clean and unbelievably big. The pool area is nice with an amazingly warm jacuzzi. It's only a 7 minute walk to the centre of the strip and in my opinion is better located than hotels like Mandalay Bay and the Egyptian as its close to the Bellagio and Caesars Palace. The hotel will give you a booklet of vouchers which are worth using in the hotels Restaurants.We ate out in Marilyns Cafe, The Mexican and the Tuscany Restaurant. All 3 are very nice and excellent value for money.	
May 13 2008 	excellent hotel	I went with a group of 9 and we all agreed1/location-10 minute walk from ballys and paris or 6-10 dollar taxi to most other hotels on strip2/Rooms-massive and quite, slept sound for 7 nights3/Decor-lobby and resturant beautiful-rooms nice but a little tired looking4/Pool-brilliant, quiet and relaxing, sunbeds easy to get if your down before 11am-theres a 2nd pool for doing laps beside the massive gymn5/Food-marylins cafe in casino-good large cheap breakfasts, nice burgers too, give the mexican a miss- Tuscany resturant in the lobby is amazing-best steak and lamb ive had in ages.6/Bar-didnt spend much time here as i was either in bed wiped out after being on the strip or in the casino-seemed to be good buzz on a number of nights7/Casino-small compared to the mega ones on the strip but i preferred that-i did well on the roulette8/service-on the whole very good9/Value for money-brilliant room cost 100 dollars per night!!complaints-1/room serviced too late in afternoon 2-4pm! not good if you needed an afternoon dose2/safe in room didnt work and wardrobe door broke and air con noisy (no big deal really)I would really recommend this place if your after a lower key vegas trip with big rooms, relaxing pool and great food and low cost just off the mental strip.	
May 12 2008 	If you need to drive around the city but want to be close the strip...	My wife and I needed to stay in Vegas for 6 nights the week of our wedding. Because we'd be driving around town picking up things for the wedding and sometimes ferrying people around, the Tuscany was a good choice. The rooms were large, so perfect for a stay of 6 nights. The parking is very convenient to the rooms too, so it was easy to get in and out. The downside is that it's not a trivial distance from the Strip, but there's nothing to be done about that. Their on-site restaurants and casino are rather nice though, so that made up for it a little bit	
May 10 2008 	Great stay in Vegas	What a great hotel! The rooms are giantic! The hotel is located just 1.5 blocks from the main strip near Paris, Bellagio, Cesar's Palace, and the Wynn. The room was clean with lots of space. I felt like I was staying in an apartment complex instead of a hotel which I really enjoyed plus the parking lot was much closer than those large garage complexes the hotel has. I will return to this hotel next time I'm in Vegas.	
Apr 13 2008 	Perfect for a group	6 of us booked to stay for 6 nights. Having read the reviews our main concern was that it would be a long way from the Strip. However, at a reasonably brisk pace Ballys, which is mid way on the strip was a 10-15 minute walk. From here, the main resorts were mostly within a 15 minute walk. Ideal if you want a walk home after the huge American portions of food.Rooms are a little dark and the air conditioner slightly noisy but other than that they were great. Two huge double beds and a large sofa bed which we requested. Small kitchen area with a hob and fridge. Cafe in casino area served big cheap breakfasts and the restaurant looked nice although we did not use it. Bar very reasonably priced, about $2-3 dollars for a beer.Although not that big, the pool area was nicely set out with towels available. The gym area was huge but could do with some more machines for busy times.Overall we were happy with the Tuscany resort. Probably wouldn't recommend for couples looking for romance. Mandalay seemed to be the nicest in that respect but a suitable place for a group stay.	
Apr 11 2008	like a sunny resort inside big city lights	Tuscany Suites and Casino in Las VegasThis hotel is just like staying at a resort in the Caribbean.you would never know you were a 10 minute walk from the strip, just down the Street and in between the Flamingo and the Hard Rock Hotel.it was absolutely beautiful.the rooms are huge, and the biulding are no more than 3 stories, which means that you can be in and out of your room in seconds.the pool area is beautiful, the casino is actually clean and not run down like at Caesar's Palace . It has new machines and tables and 2 restaurants inside.if you are thinking of getting married in Vegas - do it here.I did and it was way better than having to work my way around a huge hotel. And our pictures turned out beaultiful.Only complaint - the customer service. Being from Canada I have high expectations, but from what I understand some areas of the USA is not known for their manners.	
Apr 7 2008 	Wished I had stayed on the strip	My first contact with Tuscany started with booking online for 3 nights. The rates were $79 for Sun $99 for the other two nights. I called back and decided to add Sat night. They told me my other two nights weren't valid because I didn't include my child which I did and told them I had validation from my receipt. After a little argument they finally believed me although initially they wanted to change my original booking to a higher price. Anyway, I wasn't overly impressed with this hotel. The air conditioner was very noisy. We couldn't leave it on at night due to the noise. We had to open the windows. The maids didn't make the beds with fitted sheets so the sheet didn't fit the whole bed. The mattress was way to soft so the beds were uncomfortable. The internet was way overpriced at $15 for 24 hours. It took at least twenty minutes to walk to the strip (Ballys) so if you don't come with a car than it is very inconvenient. Although the price of this hotel was cheaper than the strip hotels we ended up paying extra for cabs to take us back to the hotel after we walked an average of 3 miles to get somewhere.  Marilyns restaurant in the casino was good. Prices reasonable. The casino was good with a pretty good poker room which I like and played their tournament cheaply. I didn't like the fact the casino wasn't attached to our building so it was a walk to get there. The buildings were spread out and not much security at night if you wanted to go gambling late at night. you had to go outside and walk back in the main lobby. Overall it was just ok. I would stay on the strip next time.	
Mar 31 2008	I would like to give a better review but.........	We stayed at the Tuscany this past weekend (03/28 thru 03/30), the grounds were pretty decent, as we enjoyed staying in a complex vs. a high rise situation. I would like to see more sitting areas on the grounds, (little benches) scattered around would be nice. The casino, workout room and the casino cafe (for breakfast) were enjoyed by our group of 6. Our rooms were in the &quot;D&quot; building, rooms 118 &amp; 119, beds were in need of new mattresses, a box spring cover of some kind would have been nice as exposed box springs usually have all sorts of &quot;leftovers&quot; of all kinds attached. Also new carpeting is desparately needed in both of those rooms as well as newer televisions would be nice as both of ours in those rooms were older and did not have clear pictures. They both smelled musty and smokey if the air conditioner wasn't cranking full blast. Also, found food under the beds upon check in, and our one bathroom had not been cleaned very well and had to call housekeeping. My son put a few almonds on the floor the next day to see if housekeeping would find them or vacuum them during their cleaning rounds, and they were STILL there after they cleaned. I will return to this complex only if they have replaced the carpet, bedspreads, cover the boxsprings, and remove the smoke and must smell. If they did this, I would stay there again. Until then, I will continue my search for a decent priced room near the strip, or just may give in and stay only at Lake Las Vegas where the rooms are sooooooo much better.	
Mar 31 2008	quiet near the strip	Tuscany is a nice place, several blocks from the strip. I really enjoyed the lack of zooyness in the evenings, we went up to the strip all we wanted to. Tuscany is a bit of a different flavor, family oriented without the hype. We don't have kids, and I am not wild about seeing toddlers in the hot tub, but it all seemed to work out. The rooms are big, maybe on their next update they can lighten them up a little bit. The grounds are wonderful, nicely kept up. We ate at Marylins (sp) and the Cantina. The food at the Cantina was very good, Marylins, was fine, a little strange, but the server was nice and funny. I swam in the pool this morning all by myself, nice pool. Would we go back, of course in a heartbeat, I think we paid around $130 a night. The only thing that you should be aware of is the cigarette smell in the lobby. Everything in the restaurant is non smoking, but there is the Piazza bar right next to where you check in, and even though it was closed, it still smelled. Sorry you smokers, but MGG! We had a good time.	
Mar 1 2008 	Good value	Very pleasant stay. The room was big and nicely decorated, the staff was friendly and the location is nice: Close to the strip but quiet. The restaurant in the hotel is rather good, too and offers great value, just like the hotel. The only critizim I have: 15$ for 24 hours of internet access is close to blackmailing.	
Mar 1 2008 	What a find!	We met my daughter for her birthday in Vegas. The hotel rooms were large (although the furniture could use some upgrading), nice pool and workout room and the facility pretty much a multi-unit townhouse style hotel. The staff was pleasant, attentive and very responsive during our five day stay. It is only three blocks at best from the strip, so if you want the bright lights, hustle bustle and exotic, all you have to do is walk down the street. If you want to gamble, relax, enjoy a great bite to eat without the glitz, this is an awesome place to do it. The young ladies that come around with the drinks were far and away some of the best I have met anywhere! They have a high end restaurant (Tuscany Gardens) where the service and food quality were excellent! I don't thiknk I had a minute where if my water was low, wine was low, or anything that there wasn't someone there within seconds. The great part was there were not hovering over you. They just knew what to do. Great for couples, families, whoever. I would absolutely stay there again!!!!	
Feb 8 2008 	Great time and so peaceful	My daughter myself and family of three boys stayed here in Oct 2007. We loved the large rooms with plenty of space where we were not falling over one another. Our two rooms were next to each other and very convenient. The boys loved the pool and spa, grandma loved the casino so everyone was happy. Meals were well catered for, and we walked to the Strip every day which kept us fit. We would definately stay here if ever we get back Thanks to all concerned	
Jan 25 2008	Good price for 15 min. walk to strip.	I stayed at Tuscany for three nights because this was the hotel selected for a work conference. I stayed one additional night at my own expense at fairly low rate. Nice property and meeting rooms. Supply of light refreshments was appreciated at conference. My one room service food delivery took about 40 minutes, but the manager delivered my food himself and explained about staffing issues. Beds and furniture in my room seemed dated, circa 1978. TV had about 10 channels. Huge bathroom with shower and separate tub. Concierge was helpful, but price was incorrect for sedan she arranged - about $5 more than what I was told. Walking to the strip took longer than I had expected, but if you walk in almost the opposite direction, you can get to Hard Rock and the Haufbrau House for excellent beer and German food - worth the 20 minute walk. Overall pleasant experience for work conference, but if I were vacationing in Las Veags, I would probably stay on the strip. This is a good place for someone who does not want to be in the center of all the action and wants to spend less on a hotel.	
Jan 24 2008 	Surfing for another hotel at 1:00 a.m	This is the 2nd year I've stayed here during a convention. I'm in town on business and LV really likes to get you if you have to be here. The owner of the company likes the large rooms, but that is about all I can say for the place. For $115 a night EACH for four rooms...a dump. The carpet is old and thread bare. When I checked in I had two coffee makers. One didn't work at all and the other's basket didn't fit. The shower door didn't close. I called to the desk (the guest services button on the phone doesn't work) and they asked me if I wanted the shower door fixed? Well, I said, don't you?The fan sounds like a Boeing 747 but at least drowns out the noise of the guy walking in the room above me. The pillows are lumpy (hence I'm up at 1:00 after working a trade show booth for two days wondering why one of the travel sites can book me in a 4 star hotel for less than here). The breakfast is usually okay but today was dreadful. Filled with convention goers, the waiter brought two of our party of five what they ordered. One person didn't get milk with their cereal. Another didn't get his cereal at all, or coffee, we kept trying to flag him back unsuccessfully, though he acknowledged the short order then spent 15 minutes waiting other tables. Oh, except the table next to us who didn't even get to order for half an hour. So the restaurant seemed to be filled with frazzled, late business people. Last year we ate at the Cantina and I've had better tv dinners. Tonight we did eat at the Italian restaurant and the food was better than average and the service was nice. I just went down to get a soda out of the machine and it wouldn't take bills. I went up to the 2nd floor and there is no machine at all. The pillows are lumpy (did I mention that?) and don't have anything put a pillow case on them, no protective case. The beds are small and the spreads are a 1970 throwback design. You can't help but wonder between this and the nasty carpet what all has gone on here.Oh, and let me tell you, they have some real John Wayne TP. Rough and tough and doesn't take...anything off anybody. Cheapest toilet paper money can buy. There is a kitchenette with a small fridge, and two stove burners. No microwave, no pots, pans, plates, silverware. You will save no money by thinking you can cook in here. The couch and chair are uncomfortable. The casino is small and I've never seen more than a handful of people in there at any time of day. It isn't welcoming at all. The front desk staff is pretty ho hum in general, you don't really feel a welcome environment. About 13 tv channels (is it 1978 again?) and $15 for internet, well, the least I could do for this rate is get on line and write a review of this place.If you like this place, you need to set your standards a little higher, because you can get a really nice room on or off the strip for the same or less with better ameneties any day of the week through the on-line travel services. You deserve better, trust me.And I'm a pretty generally happy traveler, but the underlying current of &quot;we don't really care&quot; that runs through this place two years in a row just drains the good feelings out of you about being in Vegas.	
Jan 23 2008 	Tuscany Hotel and Casino ***********	We just returned from Las Vega, NV and stayed at Tuscany Hotel &amp; Casino weekend of 01-19-2008 to 01-21-2008. My family and I have nothing but glowing marks for this hotel. I read others comments on the hotel before we went,and, I thank those that commented. We had a great time the hotel rooms were cleaned, we had no problems. For those who posted prior comments regarding the security cards for rooms, the reason that they stopped working was because you placed them next to other credit cards, or cell phones, which will demagnitize the cards. We experience this problem and that is what happened,but, we had no problems getting the issue resolved. The furniture in the spacious rooms have ben updated and very very clean. The food at the Marilyn's cafe located in the casino of the hotel was the bomb. The prices were excellent and the food was excellent. We had a fabulous time and highly recommend it to others.JL	
Jan 19 2008 	Even Steven	I stayed at The Tuscany for work during the week of January 16th. This hotel is a good 20 minute walk from the Strip. At night, you might look over your shoulder during the walk as parts of Flamingo are quiet. If you want to see Vegas and want to save money, then this is the place for you. If you want to be in the midst of the Vegas action, then it's not.The hotel is outdated despite a recent renovation. The casino is old fashioned and depressing. After walking though at least 10 others on the strip, this one was sad. There were many senior citizens parked at the slots, a few businessmen there for work, and that was about it. The sportsbook is just two guys behind a counter with a white board.The food was above average. The &quot;basic breakfast&quot; at the cafe is adequate. It costs $4.99 but it doesn't include coffee ($1.50). They give you a 2 for 1 coupon when you check in. The Mexican restaurant got good comments from my co-workers.The rooms are old fashioned but big and include a kitchen so you can save money and eat in. The TV only had 7 or 8 channels. They also charge $10 for early check in. Internet access is an absurd $14.99 a day.If you want a hotel in Vegas to save some money, drop your bags, and hit the town, then this is acceptable if you don't mind the long walk. If you want a hotel to relax in, then look elsewhere.	
Jan 18 2008 	Great place good price	We stayed at Tuscany Suites from Dec 31-Jan4. We found the hotel to be clean, comfortable, and a quick 10-15 minute walk to the strip. A nice bonus was being just around the corner from Ellis Island and their great steak special. Other than a few New Years partiers, we found the place to be very quiet. The casino is not huge, but it had a good variety of slots, which were kind to my husband, not so kind to me. I enjoyed trying them anyway! Drink service was quick and frequent.We had 3 meals at Marilyn's Cafe, and were pleased with the food. The portions were large, and we shared the breakfasts We did find the service at lunch time quite slow. It was a little better for breakfast. We did not have dinner there.There was music going on in the bar every evening, but we did not go in. There seemed to be many people enjoying themselves.Over all we had a good stay and would consider going back, perhaps in the summer to try the pool.	
Jan 9 2008 	Spacious. Great Pool for kids	Spacious room for 2 adults and I 9 yr old. Great pool set up for everyone. Watch the drink dispensing machines - they swallow your money and you don't get it back. Short walk to the Strip ie Paris, Bellagio Fountains etc. Tip - if in a hire car you can drive to another hotel and park in the Self Park areas for Free. This way you don't have to walk so far with kids.	
Jan 3 2008 	Low cost - Great Location	The Tuscany Suites and Casino255 East Flamingo Rd. – Be sure to get a package price from Hotels.com or Expedia [ same thing? ] or other on-line package seller. Book Monday to Friday for fantastic low cost! [ the Tuesday walk-in rate was $35.00, truly a give-away! ] You probably won’t find low-costs Friday and Saturday nights. The rental car is virtually free [ in a package ] except for the extraordinary fees and gas! You don’t need a car, but it is cheaper to book a car and save shuttle bus, cab and tram costs. You can walk from Tuscany to the Strip, but get a cab at night.-- Tuscany is clean &amp; convenient, not really full-service, but a good price for a large room. -- Tuscany has double-size rooms with fridge. Ask for a room in building “G” or “H” to be close to lobby. Ask for Third floor to avoid noise. Drive around property if you can before check-in and pick a building you like, some near a pool [ two pools, one for laps only ] -- Tuscany has a Casino, but it is humble and plain as plain can be. -- The 24 hour restaurant will serve fresh food with friendly staff. Not fancy, but it’s OK.-- Avoid the “Lodge Net” TV internet, it is a joke. Check your bill 24 hours before leaving to erase phony charges.	
Jan 2 2008 	Tuscany Ok	Very quiet, safe and clean environment. Had room on third floor, didn't hear a thing even though there were other guests around, no parking nor street around. We were on the third floor of building C, next to the main building. Got a room for $63 a night including tax.HUGE room with two double beds, huge bathroom with shower AND tub, separate toilet 'room'. Coffee maker, small fridge and sink in room, no microwave. We took napkins, forks, etc from the snack shop. Toiletries (replaced every day), safe, hairdryer, iron, iron table, opening windows, good climate control, clean carpets, sheets and plenty of towels; not worn nor stained. Apparently the whole building is non-smoking, which was nice -no tobacco odor whatsoever.Good snack bar for a quick eat, coffee; didn't use other facilities nor saw the casino: it was on the other side of the premises.Well maintained surroundings, good security, each building has own door which you open with your room card key. Felt safe.Rented a car for one day and found plenty of parking. The place is huge, with lots of 3 floor buildings. Looks like a time-share to me. Snack and refreshment machines in every building. Good sized pool, which obviously nobody used because of the cold.Found strange that stairs had no indoor access, only way to go up was via the elevator, which was only one for the whole building. Let's ask the architect...Didn't like:1) We had an early check-in, and the hotel has the policy to charge $10 for this. This was annoying, but found out too late-after the 20 min walk with our bags trailing.2) Very bad painting job in ceiling of room.3) Toilet seat in very bad condition, screaming to be replaced. Clean but very worn.4) Stained sofa; didn't go near it after seeing the stains for fear they would be urine stains...Some people wouldn't like:1) The Tuscany is a good, cold, 20 min walk from The Strip down Flamingo Road. A little solitary at night, but enough traffic to make you feel confident. By the way, no 'ugly or seedy neighborhood' as some reviews say. Just lots of parking and a closed gas station, which is being renovated. Saw one homeless sleeping on one of the bus stops, but you see these in any city and he was sleeping, anyway. It takes months for the traffic light to change, but very dangerous to cross the street with traffic. There is a bus along Flamingo Rd, with a stops very close to the hotel, and there are plenty of taxis waiting around the lobby building.2) Limited tv channels, but we didn't come to LV to watch tv.Definitely would stay there again; if you don't mind the distance to The Strip and want a little peace and quiet, this is the place for you.	
Dec 31 2007 	Take Ear Plugs! Noisy Air Vents. Long walk to Strip	Each of the property's buildings has noisy air exhaust vents at ground level on one corner and they seem to produce noise around-the-clock. As the buildings are close together, it's hard to escape the noise. Take ear plugs to help you sleep. I attended a conference at Ceasar's Palace and walked back and forth. It was a relatively long way. I felt safe, but it was an ugly neighborhood to be walking through. Not recommended for families. Take comfortable walking shoes.Everything else was acceptable. Didn't try any of the on-site restaurants or bars.	
Dec 30 2007 	Great Time and Value	This place is terrific. I had a wonderful time with my husband, we weren't far from the strip, so it was fun taking a (Cold) evening stroll to the Flamingo and Bellagio and seeing some sites. We ate at Marilyn's Cafe, our breakfast waiter, Eddie, (ask for him!) was the best, the food was okay, but you got a lot for your money. For the money spent, we got quite a deal, including a quiet room (we couldn't hear our neighbors), a &quot;mom-and-pop&quot; type operation with good homespun customer service and a genuine smile on almost all the employees' faces. Don't miss the place, you'll love it.	
Dec 26 2007 	Poorly maintained hotel resort	We stayed at Tuscany for 4 nites over Thanksgiving 2007. We had reserved the King room for 2 adults, 2 kids -- the sofabed wasn't made up -- the mattress was really stained. We called the front desk for bedding &amp; were told the staff had gone home. After calling back again, we were offered to move upstairs &amp; were assured the sofabed in that room was made up. We moved up &amp; found that sofabed was not made up with sheets, etc. either. I called the front desk again &amp; after another 30 minutes+, security brought me 1 sheet, 1 mattress pad, and a bedspread for a king bed that didn't fit the queen sofabed. The maid kept forgetting to change the sheets and I had to keep asking her again to change them. The room had a large crack in the ceiling &amp; wall, like it wasn't structurally sound. Outside the pool was open, but too cold to use, and the concrete walkways were always dirty. I was locked out one evening late at night after I went to the car for more blankets &amp; pillows because the exterior door on the building (G) wouldn't open with my card key. Another couple arrived about 10 min. later &amp; also could not get in. Eventually, an employee came out of the elevator &amp; I flagged him to let me in. (I had forgotten I could walk down the parking lot &amp; try to get in at the end of the other building &amp; I had left my cell phone in the room). My daughter (age 20) described the rooms as very &quot;Ghetto&quot;. The only thing that I can recommend is having the parking so close &amp; accessible to the rooms, although the good spots usually fill up early &amp; if you drive for a show, you will end up parking on the outside loop. I almost forgot, one night we ordered a large pizza from the pizza snack bar/pizza spot they have that services the pool, sells coffee drinks, and more and we got major diarreah after eating the pizza. We ate some meals in the Coffee Shop inside, like breakfast and late night snacks, and they were pretty good. One more comment, for families, the rooms usually have two double beds -- we think they are way too small for adults to be comfortable, and this is really unnecessary since the rooms are large enough to accomodate two Queens. This is a major complaint for us. That is why we booked the King room with the Queen sofa sleeper for the kids. They normally don't put mattress pads on the sofa bed mattresses &amp; they are all stained up &amp; gross. I wouldn't ever go back.Nancy	
Dec 24 2007 	Budget Bellagio	This place is a GREAT value. We paid $35/night for mid-week. The room was very large, w/coffee maker, fridge, microwave &amp; stove. Bath was big, with separate bath, shower, &amp; toilet &quot;room&quot;. Nothing fancy, but clean and in working order. Great place for an extended stay. The place was much nicer than we expected for the price. Some reviewers had complained about &quot;smell&quot; but we didn't notice any problems there. Our interactions with the staff were all good. The place is very nicely landscaped, some good food bargains (2.99 steak &amp; eggs and .99 pancakes from midnight to 5 am!), and an adequate casino. It even has a good exercise room and lap pool. And it's only a long block from the strip. There were some small problems--only one elevator per building, and ours was at the other end of the building. Would rather take the stairs, but there was no outside entrance for either stairwell. The construction of the buildings seems shoddy--kind of looks like a cheaply made group of college dorm buildings: Think Best Western meets faux-Tuscan villa. But for that price, this place is a find. If you'd rather spend your travel money on something other than a room--how much time do you spend in it anyway?--this place is for you.	
Dec 22 2007 	Another great stay at the Tuscany	Just returned from our second stay at the Tuscany (5 nights), and it was a pleasant experience. We had requested a 3rd floor suite, because, as with any multi-level hotel, we didn't want the risk of heavy-footed noise above us. The room was in Bldg &quot;B&quot; which faces Flamingo Rd. For those sensitive to traffic noise, you may want to consider another building. Being city folks, we are immune to it :-)The room was convenient and clean; I believe it was a recently renovated one. We had a small stove top and micro-wave. The refrigerator seemed to be working overtime, as it froze our beverages no matter what setting we had it on. Because my husband takes insulin (requiring refrigeration), we called the front desk to inquire about the settings. When informed of the problem, a maintenance man showed up immediately, and they were so kind as to completely change out the unit.The pool area remains closed for repairs right now.Not much luck playing slots, but the casino is always fun.As always, Marilyn's cafe offered decent food at reasonable prices; and the Mexican cantina offered same. Did not visit Tuscany Gardens this time.We would like to thank: Alina at the front desk, Ruth, the concierge, and the lovely Suzanne who served cocktails, for their gracious and kind service.See you next year!	
Dec 17 2007 	Accessible room nice place to stay	We stayed at Tuscany 12-11 thru 12-15 in a wheelchair accessible room. I booked directly because the various travel websites cannot guarantee me an accessible room The bathroom was roomy and had both a seperate shower (without access) and a tub with an attached flip up bath bench. No curtain on the tub but there is a handheld shower. Be aware that the bath bench is somewhat low and there is no mechanism to make it higher so if bad hips are a problem that could be too low. Sink is open at the bottom (no vanity to block a wheelchair) and the toilet is standard height but has wall bars as usual. I still needed to assist my mother to go to the bathroom but I expect that when away from home.The room itself was spacious and clean. Request a microwave on arrival and you can get some things from a grocery store (about a mile down Flamingo there is an Albertsons) to make quick breakfasts and late nite snacks! Buy water too since a bottle in the machine was 1.50. My refrigerator was missing a leg and so it rocked a little--I suppose they would have brought a new one but I did not ask. My hair dryer in the bathroom was shorting out and was replaced that day. There are no kitchen supplies except some cups so plan on getting or bringing some flatware and paper plates if you plan to eat in the room. Cups are foam and plastic (for all of you who have recently seen news reports of hotels using glass and improperly cleaning them). Coffee makers in room are 4 cuppers and the coffee pods were tasty.Beds: Comfy and clean. Mom's was a little short sheeted- maybe an inch or two but no big deal. Pillow were fluffy. The only thing I will say about the bed are is that since this was an accessible room, it would have been nice to have a rail on the wall by the bed to hold on for balance--the hanger rack was there and is not a secure device to hold onto (never is--don't try it at home either!). Service was about average. No rudeness but I didn't see anyone going out of the way for us either. Our flight was cancelled so they did give me an extra hour grace on checkout. Maids respected the do not disturb signs. Several did not speak English but we got along with hand signs and motions.Coupon wise, at check-in, you get a packet and also one when you sign up in the casino. Our free souvenir was dice. Casino was smaller but adequate and they were kind enough to wait until after midnite to keep the player club open so my niece who turned 21 could get her card.This hotel in relation to the strip is a bit long if you are disabled but if you can handle the 3 block walk it is fine. It was just a little long to do in a chair so we took the car place to place. Be aware that the hotel is actually several buildings on the land which are connected by cement paths but are outdoors. To get to the main desk and casino/restaurants, you need to go outside. Security is maintained in the indiviual buildings by use of your room card to gain access.We only sampled Marilyns Cafe for food but it was good. Steak and lobster was 10.99 on Tuesday--lobster small but very sweet.Anyways, for us the main things are cleanliness, good disabled accessiblity and a comfy bed. Tuscany has all 3.	
Dec 5 2007 	Our Fourth Stay at the Tuscany	My husband and I stayed at the Tuscany for nine days in early November. This was our sixth trip to Las Vegas and our fourth stay at the Tuscany. We have never been disappointed. A few things we do to make our stay more enjoyable: We always request a room in a building located near the lobby. The reason is that we often stay late in the casino and feel safer not having to walk too far to our room. To avoid noise caused by guests living above us, we ask for a room on the third (top) floor. A nice feature is that the windows have screens and can open.The casino has a good selection of slot machines and tables. We have never had a problem getting served a drink even playing at the penny slot machines. Marilyn’s is good for a quick meal, but if you really want a bargain, go to Ellis Island and either eat in the restaurant or the Brewery. We love the chicken and ribs and draft beer at the Brewery. For less than $20 you will be able to have more food and beer than anywhere else. The restaurant at Ellis Island serves great food at considerably less cost than the Tuscany. We always make a point of going to the Tuscany Gardens on each visit. We use our Players’ Cards points and have always had a great meal. We also, make a point of going to Batista’s Hole in the Wall (one block from the strip) where you get the wine included with your meal. We have never had any problem getting loungers at the pool area. Drinks and food are near by. Nice music is always playing. There is also a great fitness area. However, I have noticed on my last three visits that the cardio machines are in various states of disrepair and most of the TVs are not working. However, it is a large facility that has a lap pool and Jacuzzi attached to it.	
Dec 2 2007	Spacious room	Booked through a package. Room was very adequate, spacious even. Television got about 7 free channels. Very disappointed that the pool was under major construction, which we were told would be finished in Dec. Couldn't even enjoy the patio because of the noise of the jackhammer, and all the dust. Tuscany Gardens Restaurant had excellent food, you gotta try the stuffed mushroom caps! Waitress was very snooty, didn't even give us our guest discount! Casino staff very pleasant, drink service adequate. Advertise loose slots, but saw no big winners during our stay.	
Nov 29 2007 	Tuscany Suites - Perfect	We spent 4 nights (11/18-21) at the Tuscany Suites &amp; Casino and were thoroughly delighted. The wheelchair accessible room was great, as was the room our friends had. We really enjoyed the sofa and chairs, which gave us the perfect place to relax and visit. The service was excellent; everyone seemed genuinely interested in ensuring our visit was a success. We liked the location, just off the Strip, and the super-low price was a bonus. We look forward to staying there again.	
Nov 23 2007	Luxurious and spacious suites	I was able to book a suite at the Tuscany for a bargain $45. This was my first time staying here and didn’t know what to expect. But it worked out great for us. The suite was very large and seemed remodeled recently. I was very happy with the accommodation.	
Nov 16 2007	Be Careful	Rooms are old and need updating. Bartender is on the prowl for females. He will ask your last name and make obscene phone calls to your room. Security is very lax and doesn't follow up when reported. I would never recomend this to anyone.	
Nov 16 2007 	loved the TUSCANY	Loved the Tuscany Suites it was a little oasis away from the hussle and bussle of the STRIP after eight visits to VEGAS we have found a Hotel we will stay again without hesitation,the rooms were spacious clean and comfortable,nice Pool area an enjoyable weeks holiday .incredible value. Alan Fowler .London.U.K.	
Nov 5 2007	Great place to stay for the price	We found the Tuscany to be a nice place to stay. Rooms are large which we like and very clean. We had no problem with check in. We were staying only one night so didn't care about being a few blocks from the strip. Marilyn's Cafe had delicious food and the service was great. Enjoyed the two guys that played the guitar and sax. They were very entertaining. Would definately stay here again.	
Oct 31 2007 	Worst Hotel Experience	This hotel provided the absolute worst service I have ever experienced at a hotel. It started with waiting almost 30 minutes in line just to check in. My room was reserved and paid for in advance (Credit Card charged right after making the reservation)Upon arriving at the hotel, the two double bed room, I paid for was not available so I was stuck with a fold out couch for my son to sleep on. Just because you pay for the room in advance does not guarantee anything (even getting a room according to the manager). The maids arrived about an hour after we requested the fold out couch to be made up. They would not even make the bed; instead they just dropped off the linens!There was always a line at the front desk, as they were clearly understaffed! Other than the location I could not find anything positive about this hotel.	
Oct 28 2007 	Had a Good Stay at the Tuscany	Overall, our stay at the Tuscany Las Vegas was fine. I give it an &quot;Above Average&quot; because of the generous comp plan and the property (grounds) itself.Here's the deal on this place: (a) It is a 10-minute walk up Flamingo Blvd to get the back of Bally's. It is certainly not a getto, but you will pass a few &quot;characters&quot; at the bus stop. (b) We paid about $100 night weeknights, $200 weekend. (c) The grounds are very well-kept and it is a nice property. (d) We will probably stay here again next year.As many reviewers have mentioned, the rooms are larger than average including the bathroom. The rooms (and public areas) were very clean. It would have been nice if the kitchenette had at least some basic supplies, but there is nothing provided at all. Nothing. I have absolutely no idea if the pictures in the rooms were duplicates or not - and could care less. In fact, I don't even remember any pictures. I find it hard to believe that someone included a comment about the art work in a mid-priced Vegas room. We actually used the pull out sofa and it wasn't that bad. Also ate at the Italian Place and it was very good.There was some noise from the rooms above, but nothing a few cocktails didn't drown out.We had no service issues at all - everyone from the front desk crew, the maids, and the casino staff were very nice and service-oriented.	
Oct 27 2007 	Forget this place! Overpriced and rude.	I came in with a soccer team. We had confirmed reservations for over 6 weeks. When we arrived our rooms weren't there. They had smoking rooms, when we reserved non-smoking rooms. They had a single king bed, when we reserved two beds.When we asked to speak to the manager, the desk clerk said he was the manager.When a roll away appeared, it didn't have sheets on it, they wanted the guest to make it. Outrageous.That's one thing if this was a youth hostel, but we booked this room on a busy weekend and paid $250 a night! The one 24 hour restaurant was having all you can eat Crab legs. These crab legs were old and dried out. I'm an easy customer, but these were by far the worst crab legs I've ever eaten.The staff is untrained, the management rude and the service lousy. Any other questions?	
Oct 24 2007	Never again!	Check-In was a nightmare. Staff could use some brushing up on their customer service since they were very rude and unhelpful. Room smelled awful. Didn't really care that the room was so big. Waste of space actually. Bathroom has an awkward design where the extra space could have been better used like making the shower bigger and more private. Had digital camera stolen and the security was incredibly uninterested in helping me get it back or taking a report. I was told, &quot;these things happen&quot;. Plan on a good long wait for a taxi since they don't hang out &quot;off the strip&quot;. The walk to the strip wasn't bad if you like walking through ghetto and homeless. The casino was a joke. Tiny and boring. The Mexican restaurant food was horrible. I couldn't even figure out what it was when they brought it to the table. They couldn't even make a decent Margarita. Had to send it back twice. I can't quite tell you what it tasted like, but NOT a Margarita. I've been going to Vegas for twenty years and always always have a pleasant experience in all the hotels. THIS time however, was the worst visit of all time. I would never recommend this hotel nor will I ever stay there again.	
Oct 23 2007 	Liked the Tuscany	This is an unusual hotel about 1/2 mile from the Strip. For us, this was a positive, as you are well removed from all the crush, yet only a short walk away. If you can't walk 1/2 mile, you won't be able to handle Vegas very well--lots of walking involved, as traffic is bad everywhere, and driving on the Strip?? &quot;Forgetaboutit&quot; We had very little wait to check in/out and dealt with 4-5 different clerks over the course of our stay, who were all polite and helpful. It was unusual in that it consisted of 6-8 seperate buildings, of 3 floors each. Grounds and pool were well kept, and security appeared to be on the ball (patrolled parking lots in golf carts). Our room was huge, maybe 5-600 sq. ft., but more like an efficiency apartment-one big room, except for the bathroom, which had seperate tub and shower and comode. Room was clean and well furnished. Many reviewers noted that rooms had 2 identical paintings- I didn't notice, as I don't dwell on the artwork in my hotel room when I'm on vacation. To those of you who do, my advice is to get a life. Another plus was the parking, which was near all of the buildings. No waiting, tipping and hassles with valets. For you bargain seekers, the Tuscany is right around the corner from Ellis Island, and their famous $ 4.99 steak dinner, which is better than you'd think. There was some floor noise from the room above us, but it wasn't bad, as this is not a hotel that attracts the late-night party crowd. On-site Mexican restuarant was, good, not great. My wife did complain about the odor (cleaning fluid?), but it didn't bother me.	
Oct 22 2007 	Registration service terrible	I visited the Tuscany Suites and Casino for a 5 day business conference last week. I arrived at 2:30pm to register after a 9 hour trip. My room mate was not arriving until 11:30pm. The Tuscany would not let me have my room because my name was not on the original reservation when my colleague phoned it in. I had several people with me that could vouch for who I was and that I was with the conference. I offered several suggestions like giving me another room and cancelling hers when she arrived. They could, but they would not offer me the original rate and if I took another room and my roomate cancelled hers, they would have to cancel the rest of our 5 day reservation at the discounted rate and rebook for the higher rate. What kind of customer service is this? They did not even offer to keep my luggage - I had to ask. The only way they would give me my room is if my collegue phoned in with her visa number. She was already on route to Las Vegas and I had no way of reaching her. I asked if this sort of thing has happened before. They said yes. I suggested they inform people when they register that they must give both names of the guests in the room, especially if they are not checking in at the same time. Their response was &quot;that would take too much time on the phone&quot;. As I was checking out after the 5 days, I over heard a gentleman standing beside me - he was facing the same issue as his wife was checking in later.Although this incident gave me a bad flavour for this place, I will say that the rooms were acceptable, clean and large for the discounted cost.	
Oct 22 2007	Can do better in Vegas	Just got back from the Tuscany today, after staying there for 4 days/3 nights.Like my title says, you can do better in Vegas. The Tuscany is a so-so hotel off the strip. Fine if you have no expectations, but disappointing if you are hoping for a nice hotel.Pros: Each room is a suite, so you can sleep a family comfortably (there's also a couch). Rooms are very large; the bathroom has a separate tub and shower. There is also a kitchenette with empty fridge (no mini-bar so you can store your leftovers), microwave, and double burners. You can park close to your room as the hotel is made up of numerous small buildings, named alphabetically (A, B, C etc.), and parking is on the periphery. The hotel offers video checkout. I never felt unsafe on the property.Cons: Everything else. Hotel is off the strip (not far, but not walking distance). Hotel is loud. These rooms have the thinnest walls and floors. There are 3 floors in each building, so tell the front desk when you check in that you want a room on the third floor. Trust me, you can hear everything on the first floor, which was where we were first assigned.Let's see, what else... You get a kitchenette, but no pots, pan, plates, or silverware. Basically, you can't use it; it's just for show. Call down to the front desk and they won't provide you with anything. We asked for a fork to eat the leftovers we had brought home from their restaurant. The front desk transferred us to room service who told us they could not provide us with silverware unless we ordered room service. What's the point of providing a kitchenette if you won't let guests use it? Case in point: Our double burners were brand new.In-room coffee is terrible, it tastes like coffee-flavored water - no exaggeration! FYI: There is a Starbucks at Flamingo and Paradise. Housekeeping is also terrible. We returned the first day to find our paper cups with coffee still sitting out on the table, coffee maker unemptied, etc.Hotel restaurants: We tried to have lunch on a Friday at the hotel, and their Italian restaurant, Tuscany, is only open for dinner. The sports bar was not open either. We ended up going to Marilyn's Cafe for slow service and an incompetent waitress. Food was fine but skip it if you want decent service. We tried dropping by the coffee shop, Beachfront Coffee, to grab a quick sandwich but the meats in the sandwiches were indecipherable in the display case. Not a good sign!Our deadbolt popped out and we couldn't close the door to leave. Apparently, this happens a lot, in other guestrooms too. You have to twist the handles this way or that way - try twisting both the indoor and outdoor handles at the same time (that worked for us; other people had different techniques). Our door handles were about ready to fall off too.Wake up call line doesn't work. You're put on hold forever to get to the front desk. Our phone started acting funny and all the front desk people could say was, &quot;Your phone isn't working, I can't hear you. I can't hear you!&quot; No offer to send someone to fix our phone. Just &quot;I can't hear you.&quot;On a side note, take a look at the paintings in the room. Our room had 4 paintings, 2 of which were the exact same print. Who decorated these rooms??All in all, the hotel is adequate if you're on a budget and really don't care where you lay your head at night. We didn't see any insects and our toilet flushed fine and we had hot water, heating, and AC. But if you're looking for a comfortable place to stay, look elsewhere because the Tuscany is just &quot;so-so&quot;. Take a look at the reviews on Tripadvisor, most echo my opinion.	
Oct 20 2007 	Nice Stay	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Tuscany for 4 days during the week of October 8. We had a great time. We stayed in unit B first floor. The room was clean and the staff was very friendly. We did not have any problems. We barely stayed in the room during our stay. Each day that we were there our room was cleaned when we placed the sign out for cleaning. We did not have to wait very long for check-in. I was somewhat nervous about the stay since it was off the strip. We walked each day to the strip and walked back at night. No one bothered us. I would stay again. I had a great time and would recommend the Tuscany!!	
Oct 16 2007 	SMELLY	Having lived in Las Vegas previously, I was familiar with the casino but had never stayed in the hotel. We were in Building N. FIRST thing you notice when you walk in is the OVERPOWERING smell of probably whatever is sprinkled on the carpet or whatever is being used to mask odors. It is so very strong and not at all pleasant. Funny thing is you don't smell it as strongly in the room. The room has lots of room to move around. The kitchenette is adequate however, this hotel is advertised as &quot;suites&quot;. Usually that means you will also have at least basic dishes/pans/table ware etc. There are NONE of these items. So if you are planning to stay there because you are interested in being able to prepare basic meals, you can forget it. Unless you plan to travel with your own place settings and cookware or buy it there, you can find several other hotels in the area with stocked kitchenettes. We asked about even dish soap and a dishrag/towel and were told, &quot;use your bath towels&quot;. On the first night, we called for additional towels/shampoo and were directed to the housekeeping line which was NOT answered but a machine said to leave your request and it would be handled. Nope again. No one even responded much less came to the room with towels or shampoo. I would never stay at this hotel again. It's overpriced considering it's not on the strip and too far for walkers to get to the strip, customer service is not what it should be and there is an unpleasant smell. You can do much better in Las Vegas.	
Oct 8 2007 	Jewelry Stolen by Cleaning Staff	Several family members met up in Vegas and stayed at this hotel. During one of the morning cleanings, a necklace and earrings stolen right off the table. This was not costume jewelry, it was the real deal. We were told to file a report with the security booth. The first security personnel we approached was extremely rude and was talking to us as though they were the victims when I asked him what his procedure was for taking this issue up with their cleaning crew. His rude response was &quot;there's theft at all Vegas hotels.&quot; Shortly into filing the theft report, we were approached by another security guard who was much more pleasant to deal with and did feel bad about the situation. Obviously we will not see this jewelry again, however, we plan on following the progress of our theft report to be sure that someone is held accountable.As far as the rooms are concerned, they are not what I consider suites; they are just larger rooms with a very small sink and table. The carpet was nasty, the comforters were nasty and the bathroom floors were filthy. We had a 1st floor room and it sounded like the folks in the room above us were going to come through the ceiling as they walked around.Also, it was a nightmare trying to close the room to the door. For some reason the deadbolt lock kept getting stuck in the lock position, so closing the door took quite a while to figure out. Other family that stayed here had the exact same problem with their lock – the only way they were able to figure it out was due to some hotel staff walking by.Really, the only good thing I can say about this hotel was that the service at the cafe was good and the hotel is in a good location. Because of all the Vegas options for rooms, I would NOT recommend this hotel!	
Oct 6 2007 	Great off-strip Hotel	We spent 7 days/six nights in Vegas in the middle of August. First time at the Tuscany and we loved it. Arrived Saturday afternoon and had a 20 minute line at the front desk. I hate waiting, but this wasn't too long compared to some of the hotels on the strip. Huge room and very quiet, We thought we were the only guests on the floor. They must be remodeling the rooms because every morning they were unloading a new delivery of furniture in the parking lot in front of the fitness center.  Both of the pools were nice, and the lap pool was ours alone most of the time. The table games in the casino were a little slow, not a lot of play. But with the strip a few blocks away, we didn't mind. We tried all of the restuarants with the exception of the Mexican one. Good food with large servings. And the Tuscan themed restuarant was staffed by actual Italians, didn't expect that. And around the corner is the Ellis Island restuarant with very good $4.99 steak dinners.While the walk to the strip isn't too bad, we did have a car and used it to get to the far end of the strip, downtown and up the the mountains. I plan on staying at the Tuscany Suites my next trip to Las Vegas.	
Oct 5 2007 	Loved it	FANTASTIC HOTELWe booked the Tuscany as it seemed great value and just far enough from strip to reduce noise! and boy were we right absolutely beautiful, well set out foyer no queuing to book in, lots of help from friendly efficient staff. Rooms were huge and clean fantastic seperate shower and bath. We were both impressed with the air conditioning as needed it 112degrees at midnight and room was nice and cool.Pool area clean and well managed plenty of seating although too hot during day to take full advantage.Restaurants fantastic and bars good.Cant rate this hotel high enough would definately stay again, but maybe not take too much money for gambling next time lol	
Oct 5 2007 	Great off strip property	Stayed at the Tuscany for two weeks from 19th Sept. We chose this hotel due to the lower prices than the Strip and because we were staying 2 weeks, and reviews being quite positive. We arrived mid afternoon and check in was swift. We stayed in block L which is a couple of minutes walk to reception. The room was large and clean and we received numerous fresh towels per day. They are upgrading the rooms as we had a new sofa and chair. We seen sofa's being removed from other blocks by the dozen. During our stay the pool was closed for two days without much explanation. As a result the lap pool was overcrowded and no sun beds for us to use. We went to the Platinum Hotel next door and asked if we could use their pool, which they kindly agreed to. What a difference to see a beautiful chic pool area with a seriously heated pool which was both indoors and outdoors and the most comfortable sun beds. Anyway back to the Tuscany. The pool area was OK with small towels provided: sun beds easily available at all times of the day although busier at weekends. The pool bar has been closed down and I seen people measuring the pool area which is due to be refurbished. We had no complaints about the hotel or the restaurants. There is one bar with live music in the evening (same every night), but the female clientèle at the weekends is somewhat questionable. Please note that the prices at the bars in the Tuscany were almost half the price of bars on the Strip, except if you are gambling then the drinks are free. We only walked to the Strip once as we had just missed the bus and would not recommend the walk as we felt safety was an issue late at night. We bought a 30 day unlimited pass for the CAT/Deuce buses for 40 dollars at the Moneytree on E Flamingo Road which meant that we did not have to buy a daily pass at 5 dollars. We used the concierge at the hotel 3 times and found them to be informative and helpful. On our last day when we went to shower before leaving there was no water. We contacted reception who said there had been an emergency and they had to shut off the water. They phoned back within 2 minutes and offered us another room in another block and a member of staff brought the key to us within 5 minutes. Overall we had a fantastic holiday and there are unlimited things to do in Vegas even for 2 weeks. I would recommend the Tuscany for the budget minded traveler who is prepared to stay off the Strip which is a few minutes on the bus compared to others on the South Strip which would take a long time on the Deuce to the main part of the Strip.	
Sep 23 2007 	Great Tuscany Rooms and Service.	Stayed 10 nights this Sept.Read on previous reviews that some of the rooms had been recently upgraded, so asked when we booked in for one. We were given a great new room in block &quot;G&quot; third foor. Everything was split new, beds, carpets, fridge, air conditioner and bathroom equipment.We ate in three restaurants, Tuscany Gardens food was excellent, but had to wait 45 mins for it to be served to our table, the Mexican's food was excellent as well, we ate each morning in Marilyn's Cafe, the food at the beginning was very good, but as the days past the bacon and sausages went from cold to freezing each morning, we did complain a couple of times, but the chefs could not have understood as we still received COLD food each morning.It is only a TEN mins walk at most to the Strip, which is having MAJOR bulding work just now, so it was great getting away from the noise and dust. The room was very large and clean.All the staff at the Hotel were great. Would we stay again YES.	
Sep 22 2007 	Better Values Elsewhere	Rough around the edges, not particularly clean, front desk understaffed, unfriendly bar tenders in the casino, cold bacon and eggs for breakfast in the coffee shop after long wait for service. This on top of listening to the screaming room air conditioner all night. Thought about asking for a different room when I realized while walking by other rooms outside that a lot of the air conditioners were in &quot;howl mode&quot;. No microwave in room (double burner stove is included, not sure what you'd do with it though). 8 TV Channels on a tiny 25&quot; set. Grossly overpriced at $79 on a week night.	
Sep 21 2007 	Terrific Tuscany	We stayed at the Tuscany for 3 nights during our honeymoon in September 06. After some initial confusion with checking in (They sent us to a room with two double beds). My husband went back to the check-in and this was quickly rectified, and we were given a king bed room.We loved this hotel. The rooms were huge and comfy, as was the bathroom. There was a little kitchen and lounge area. We also enjoyed the Tuscany casino, restaurant and little diner, it was a relaxing alternative to the busy strip after a big night out.We had no problems with cleanliness or noise and would definately stay here again on our return to Vegas.	
Sep 17 2007 	Good Value. Standard Rooms	I stayed at Tuscany Sept 7 &amp; 8 2007. The Hotel is nice and the rooms are good.The complex is laid out in approx 10 appartment style blocks. My room was in block H at the rear of the complex, about a 2 minute walk through the car park.The rooms are large with cooking facilities, coffee maker, &amp; fridge. Fridge was useful for storing drinks which can be brought to the pool. There is a store within 5 mins walk.Pool area is very nice with lots of beds, towels are provided.The restaurants are great. Italian was especially good, large portions, use the 30% off copon you are given at check in for even better value. Meal for 2 was $20.The cafe in the casino had a great selection &amp; massive portions, also cheap prices.The casino seemed good however I did not gamble here.DownsideNot as classy as hotels on strip, which is a good 20-25 min walk, contrary to other reports saying 10mins.Air con in my room was very noisy and could not be turned off.Overall a good stay and good value. Im glad I stayed here as opposed to Stratosphere or Circus Circus which came recommended, they are miles away from all the action.	
Sep 14 2007 	Great value for a suite alternative to hotel rooms	We loved the Tuscany. The rooms are so huge! Because we were meeting up with family, we wanted space to sit and chat, share a coffee and so on, without people having to stand or sit on the hotel bed. And the Tuscany was trumps for this - sofa, comfy chair, and 3 dining chairs. Plus plenty of room to spread out the suitcases rather than unpack fully.The wee kitchen was useful, mainly the coffee pot and (particularly) the fridge. One coffee filter per day, the pot would make four cups, but only one creamer supplied? Odd.Bathroom is large. The bath appears to only be a half-size, but this didn't bother me because at least it didn't have an over-bath shower - there was a separate shower cubicle. Toiletries nice but no brand names.Outside, we could park right by the entrance door to our block, which was down the back of the complex - but previous vacationers had carved a nice dirt path thru to Flamingo so exiting on foot was quick, 10 minutes walk to Ballys/Bills corner. The main pool was busy mid-afternoon, the lap pool was empty. Fitness room looked good (didn't use it); laundry room was unused and cheap (dollar each time).No problems with reception staff, always courteous. And no problem with housekeeping (daily tip), they always left the extra coffee &amp; soaps that we requested.If you are happy to consider staying off-strip, then I'd recommend the Tuscany. And we'll definitely be going back.	
Sep 12 2007 	Continually getting worse	We have stayed here since this place opened as a Best Western five years ago. We come to Las vegas once every 5 weeks on business and we have seen the Tuscany decline in appearance, and services. The attitudes of the personnel were much better as a Best Western. Wait staff, especially in Marilyn's Cafe are actually terrible. The rooms are just adequate but over-priced and you have to do some of the cleaning yourself. It is not consistent. We have stayed at the Silverton several times when we couldn't get in here and although it is further from our business customers, we are going to start staying there. What a world of difference. We're finished with this place and we gave it a good shot, staying perhaps 35 times over the last 5 years. With all the choices one has in Las Vegas, it has been interesting to watch this place delcine due to extremely poor management. They have good occupany rates so they just don't care.	
Sep 12 2007 	what a place what a room!!	We spent three nights in Las Vegas and looked for a good, affordable place.What we found is the Tuscany: a GREAT place for a very good price!You don't need to go to one of these big, fat Strip-Hotels. Just a 15 min walk from the Strip on Flamingo road you find this wonderful Hotel.Firstly, the rooms: Huge, nicely set, with TV, fridge, kitchenette, closet, a couch, 2 extra tabels w/ chairs! Great! Room was clean too, beds are comfortable. In the later evening you easily can relax a little on the couch before you go to bed...nice.Bathroom was very big and very clean too!The pool area is very nice too, lots of palm trees, a pool bar, a nicely shaped pool and a jacuzzi. But the pool area is not that big. So come early for a good seat....or just trust your luck...and you still can get a good spot!Check-In was normal. But too bad you can't check-in before 3pm. Except you pay extra. But you can enjoy the town until then or hang around the pool or the Casino!There is a lot of parking lots. All around the Hotel. If you look around carefully, you could catch a shady space for you beloved car (because Nevada is hot in Summer!!!).We never really ate at the Hotel. Just one time we cought some salad and Burger in Marilyn's Restaurant in the Hotel. Salad was alright. But my Burger! Fries have been hotter than the meat. But both Burger and Fries way too soft! You better catch some food at the close Gas Station or something..But still, this Hotel is a great place. And comes at good rates. We would definetly stay here again!!	
Sep 11 2007 	Horrified by the customer service at the Tuscany	During my stay at the Tuscany, from 19-30 August, the following problems were encountered:* When I made my reservation, I informed Tuscany that my sister would be joining me for my trip in a nanny capacity, to watch the children, since the purpose of my trip was for government business. My reservation was for two adults and two toddlers. I also informed the Tuscany of the number of occupants in the room when I checked in, because my sister was arriving later than me and was going to be checking in separately.  o When I checked into the room, I had to request extra towels, because there were not enough towels for the room occupants. o Each day, after housekeeping serviced the room (with inadequate cleaning), we had to call the front desk to request more towels. Consistently, each day, there were not enough towels for the room occupants. o When more towels were delivered, often the gentleman would wait awkwardly for a tip. Since I consider this a basic service of the room, not an added luxury or special request, I found this to be rude.* When I checked in, I requested two cribs. The cribs were initially delivered and set-up with sheets very promptly and the sheets were put on the foam mattress so the children could sleep on the sheets. After the first day, housekeeping would strip the crib foam mattress and would not replace the sheets. This would cause us to call the front desk to request sheets for the crib each time that housekeeping visited the room and cleaned, inadequately.  o When the sheets were brought to the room, I had to insist that the staff put them on the crib. This should be standard practice. Again, the staff waited for a tip.* On Wednesday the 22nd, I went to dinner at Marilyn’s Café. The meal was good; however, when I tried to pay, the server was not able to charge my card. He informed me that I needed to pay at the front of the restaurant because his machine was down. I waited at the front of the restaurant for 30 minutes trying to pay for my meal because the staff was unable to get the machines working and didn’t start charging the meals to the room for almost half an hour. This was unacceptable. The restaurant should be prepared for simple things like credit card machine malfunctions.* I checked in on Sunday the 19th and my room was not vacuumed until the following Sunday, the 26th. o I complained to the housekeeper in building C on Friday the 23th, and the room was not vacuumed. o I complained again to the housekeeper in building C on the morning of the 24th and informed her that we would be gone until the evening and requested that the room be vacuumed. When we returned at 10pm that evening; the room had not been vacuumed. o I immediately complained to Vic at the front desk. I also informed Vic about my dissatisfaction with Marilyn’s Café and about my further dissatisfaction with housekeeping for the towels and sheets. Vic gave me a $40 comp to return to Marilyn’s and requested that I wait until the next morning to have to room vacuumed. Vic was concerned about the late hour and disturbing other guests with the noise from the vacuum. I understood his concern and agreed. Vic put in a notice to housekeeping to have the room vacuumed first thing on Sunday morning. (Vic’s customer service was the best in the hotel.) o At about noon on Sunday, I informed the housekeeper in building C that I would be taking the boys to the pool and would return in approximately 2 hours. I requested that she vacuum the room while I was gone. When I returned at 2:45 pm, my room had not been vacuumed. My sister complained to Tara in the Concierge office and Tara informed her that there was nothing she could do except try to get housekeeping to vacuum. At this time, I joined my sister in Tara’s office, with the boys in a stroller. When I initially attempted to talk to Tara, she rolled her eye at me as if I were just another customer trying to get a discount by complaining. Each time I tried to explain my concerns to Tara, she interrupted me. I found it extremely rude that she continued to interrupt me and both of our voices elevated during the discussion. She stated that if I didn’t lower my voice she would call security because customers could hear us in the lobby. I told her it wasn’t my intent to yell, but that I didn’t care about the customer service for the other guests anymore, because the hotel hadn’t showed any customer service for me yet. As Tara called security, she stated, “What kind of parent would bring her child down here to complain? What kind of parenting skills are you teaching your child?” I found this comment to be a personal attack on me and extremely inappropriate. My husband is currently serving on active duty in the Army and is deployed. My son stays with me, even when I travel, because I try to be the best Mom that I can be. Her comment was completely offensive to me. No manager, in any profession, should personally attack a customer or question their parenting skills as an easy way to abort a conflict.* Before I arrived at the Tuscany, I coordinate to have a package shipped to meet me at the hotel. I called ahead to the front desk before I departed for Las Vegas and the front desk said that it would not be a problem to receive and hold a package for a guest. When I checked in, I was told that the bell desk receives and holds all packages. I informed the bell desk of the pending arrival of my package and continued to call each day until my package arrived on Tuesday the 21st. On Saturday the 25th, I finally received the message that my package had arrived. When I returned from my day trip that day, the message light on the phone was blinking and when I called to get instructions on checking the voice mail, I was informed of the message for the package. Now, this incident was relatively harmless, because I was diligent about tracking my package. However, this is not a timely or functional service for guests!	
Sep 4 2007 	I'm Glad I Found This Place...	Was looking into all the cheapest places on Fremont when someone on Fodor's told me to check Expedia and look at Tuscany. Expedia was having a sale and the deal came with 2 for 1 dinner at their cantina. The place was very nice, room was huge. Location fantastic! Staff was great, concierge was very helpful. Would stay again.	
Sep 3 2007	You've been warned.	My review of TUSCANY SUITES CASINO HOTEL/Las Vegas:The very bad:1) Bed sheets are so old and flimsy - you should take a sleeping bag. For some reason, lots of hotels no longer have fitted sheets. So anyone over 5'9 will not be able to sleep well here.2) Door handles stick - I seriously sprained my wrist trying to open both the outside door and inside room door. This has been an ongoing problem with Tuscany Suites. The bad:1) Housekeeping staff is too loud and noisy in the mornings; 2) Swimming pool closes at 10 pm and they literally kick you out. It makes no sense to have a swimming pool close in Las Vegas at 10 pm. Almost everyone complains about this.3) Smokey casinoThe good:1) Nothing except the price. If you stay here at more than $35 a night, you paid too much.	
Sep 3 2007 	Good Place! Better than some strip Hotels	Booked this hotel because we couldn't cheaper hotel in the Strip. Tuscany turned out to be better than other hotels in strip where I have stayed in the past. Tuscany is about 1 mile away from other major casinos. Since we had a rental car, it worked out well. If you are staying here, please do take a rental car. Good place for the price you pay!!	
Sep 1 2007 	Loved Tuscany	Because we won a two night stay at the Tuscany, I was expecting the hotel to be of two star quality. I was wrong. The room was very spacious and clean and the staff was very accomodating. I would recommend Tuscany to my friends and family and when I am in Vegas again, I will most likely stay there.	
Aug 31 2007 	I'd stay here again	I chose Tuscany Suites because I got a great deal through Expedia - about $40 per night - and we don't mind being off the strip. My husband and I stayed for 3 nights and we'd stay here again. The upsides: The room was cheap, yet clean, large, quiet, and comfortable. The bathroom was nicely designed (very large with tub and separate shower). The restaurants were good and affordable - my husband especially liked the Mexican. The gift shop is open all hours and was very handy for forgotten toothpaste, magazines, booze, souvenirs, etc. The pool and hottub were very clean, plenty of chairs, radio music playing, open long hours (7am-10pm) and hardly any children at this time of year, thankfully. We purchased beers/coolers at a local mart (2 blocks away), kept them cold in our fridge, and brought them down to the pool area in a bag with ice. We walked to and from the closest strip hotels (3 long blocks) - to Caesar's, Flamingo, Bally's, Bellagio. We walked to and from NY, NY and MGM but I wouldn't recommend this to everyone (about 2 miles). Lawry's Steak house is across the street. Tuscany is fairly close to the Hard Rock Hotel (about 3 blocks), which has great casino/lounge/nightclub/rock memorabilia/Nobu restaurant to check out. The Planet Hollywood buffet (Spice Market Buffet) is killer and highly recommended (voted best buffet for 2007).Cab fares to Treasure Island, Wynn: $8, Fremont St. (downtown): $15, Premium outlet mall (downtown): $17. The downsides: slow check-in, no shuttle to the strip so you must be able to trek fair distances. I would have liked a room with a balcony or patio - I suggest you request this if you'd like.	
Aug 30 2007	Avoid this dump!	No hot water. No room service...told to pick it up myself. Stained sheets. Loud AC. And no one at front desk &quot;authorized&quot; to do anything about adjusting the bill.	
Aug 28 2007 	Great rate nice hotel	Stayed here two nights ago, and found it to be a very comfortable and clean hotel at a great price (especially as it was a Saturday night). Room was huge, and very clean. We didn't have a chance to try either of the pools or restaurants but they looked nice. Did try room service, which was very fast! The only negative is that if you picked this hotel to be close to the Strip it's a good 15 minute walk, which is harder than it sounds in the 40+ degree heat. Overall though, a great value hotel.	
Aug 26 2007 	Rooms are the PITS!	The grounds and outside exterior of this place were beautiful but....!!! Our room was filthy and worn out! Heavy staining on couch and chair and the cushions were shot as well. The air-conditioner rattled so loudly you could not talk on the phone, beds were hammocks. The carpets was worn and filthy, walls had the look of dripping soda stains where bottles or cans had been opened everywhere. We did call before booking and asked if the rooms were newer or had been renovated recently. We were told they had been. NOT TRUE! After waiting to talk to the hotel manager for nearly an hour after getting to our room..she would not give us a refund but would move us to another building. The room we were moved into was identical except that it had just received a fresh paint job and the air-conditioner was quieter. You also had to pay for internet usage, local calls and there were only 6 regular TV channels to view. All in all, It was only a good place to get a bit of sleep . Front desk check-in was not professional and the line to check-in was very long. Go somewhere else. This is a poorly run establishment.	
Aug 24 2007 	Awsome hotel off the strip	Stayed here for 3 days 2 nights and it was just wonderful. A little further off the strip than I would have liked but the valet had a cab there with in 15 min every time.	
Aug 14 2007 	Great location price and comfort	The Tuscany Suites and Casino on Flamingo Road is a great place to stay if you want to avoid the Vegas Strip, the crowds, and the traffic. Located right next door to Terribles Casino, it's a short walk to the Hard Rock Casino, and an even shorter walk to one of the best museums I've ever seen, the Nuclear Testing Museum. In addition, the Suites are only about 10 mins away from the McCarran airport.This property is both comfortable and accommodating. Our room was not fancy, but very large with a kitchenette, sofabed, and sleeper chair. View was terrible, but we didn't care. We were on the bottom floor, and we weren't there for the view anyway. Front desk staff was outstanding in speed and courtesy. Check-in was smooth, directions to our suite were clear, and any further services were prompt and friendly. LOTS of parking spaces with easy access to our room.The suites are old but not unattractive. We had a run-on toilet, a light fixture hanging from the ceiling, and a TV remote that wouldn't work (all fixed as soon as we complained). The kitchenette does NOT come equipped with any supplies except the fridge, the hotplate, and the sink. Bring or buy something to cook in, utensils, and anything else you will need for your stay. Crank up the fridge coolness as soon as you arrive to ensure cold drinks.The grounds are well kept, and the pool area is attractive. The lap pool is functional, but one BIG complaint was the green slimy fungus growing on the tile in the hot tub. I mentioned this to the staff when we checked out; the front desk person seemed to take it seriously and promised to do something to correct this health issue. It was strange to see the hot tub in such bad shape since the pool and lap pool are tidy and cleaned regularly. I spoke to the pool boy who was friendly and forthcoming. He pointed out the filtering system and how it worked. I asked because of the strange salty taste in the pool water. I surmised it was water softening salts -- but that's a guess.My husband and I are not hard to please, but we are fussy about cleanliness and smells. Our room was impeccably clean and was clear of any odors.We love the casino here, too. It is small and smoky but the Players' loyalty card results in a whack of freebies. We never had to pay for a meal.The Mexican restaurant on-site is terrific. We had the Taco Burgers, the Chicken Quesdillas, and Cheese Enchilladas. All delicious, as are their fresh tortilla chips and fresh salsa served with the meals. Service is quick and friendly throughout this establishment. In addition, if you do want to do the strip, it is a short bus ride, walk, cab ride, or rental car ride up to the Strip (Flamingo runs alongside Bally's).We will stay here again in a heartbeat. We celebrated our 20th wedding anniversary here and hope to celebrate many more anniversaries here in years to come.Hint #1: Get a Players Club Card immediately. You are going to probably gamble anyway, so why not earn points towards food. We did that here...and we did it down the road at Terribles.Hint #2: Go, go, go to the Atomic Testing Museum (just walk up the street). With or without kids, this is amazing. We loved the interactive stations. Extremely well-maintained and you simply must try the Ground Zero Theatre (beginning is a little scary).Excellent value and service.	
Aug 1 2007 	Good value hotel but not a great location!	Stayed for 3 nights on 20th July 2007. Easy to get to from the airport, $11usd for 2 people in a taxi. Quick check in. Some rooms are a long way away from reception - ours was in block L as we requested a smoking room - don't think they could have put us any further away from the main building! Room was ok, a bit dated but large and clean.The location is ok if you don't mind walking on a street that is a bit dodgy. It's about a block and a half from the strip but you can cut through Bally's or Bill's to shorten this or get out of the heat. On our way to the airport when we were leaving our taxi driver told us we should not have walked from the strip to the hotel late at night or in the early hours of the morning!My husband left his phone behind him in the hotel when we were leaving and we realised when we were at the airport. We rang the hotel straight away but they said they never found it and he has not got it back.Overall, if you are not fussy about location the hotel is good value for money but if you can afford to pay a little more I would go for somewhere on the strip.	
Jul 30 2007 	Good hotel for the money	I recently visited the Tuscany suites hotel &amp; casino. This is a decent value for the cost. The room was nice sized and clean, and although I didn't go in the pool, there seemed to be lots of people enjoying it. The hotel is off the strip, a short walk to Bally's, and about a 15 minute drive to the airport without traffic. The breakfast at Marilyn's was good, didn't eat at any of the other restaurants. The casino was ok - we nicknamed it the &quot;Clark Grizwald casino&quot;. It's not the Wynn, but its ok for what it is. Hope this helps.	
Jul 29 2007	Damage/cleaning fee charged if they THOUGHT it was needed	Horrible stay. We were charged a $75.00 damage / cleaning fee. When I complained I was told that they would check my room upon check out to see if I had any damage or needed additional cleaning, I have never been subjected to such a derogatory or degrading situatuon. My phone calls to the operations manager of the hotel were never returned. Did I mention that we were African American? Also rooms smelled musty and we were only given three towels per day.	
Jul 25 2007 	Very Nice but a couple of drawbacks.	We stayed at the Tuscany with friends the week of July 16th. Rates were good as we stayed during the week...had a flyer in the mail due to having a Players Card and got $49 a night. This facility is off Strip, which affords a little more quiet. if you want continuous action, then this would not be your first choice in resorts. Room.. was wonderful, large, king sized bed, hot plate, microwave, little fridge, sink..etc. You can keep a stock of snacks and drinks if you choose, but aware you need your own untensils and cookware, plates...they provide none of these. The bathroom was immaculate, nicely arranged so two people could comfortably move around. separate shower, soaking tub and separate toilet was nice. This property was obviously from the looks to have once been apartments, converted to hotel rooms. Pools...they have a lap pool, which when I called was told it was the &quot;adult&quot; pool and the other was more the &quot;family&quot; pool. I ended up not using either of the pools because they both almost had families with kids in them. This is not the atmosphere I enjoy. The main pool had a cute thatched roof pool bar, and the website advertises pool side drinks brought to you, but the entire week we were there, we nary saw one person out there making or serving drinks. Casino...was nice...slight smokey smell, but we understood that the casino was non-smoking entirely, and from what I had read on this site, but we did encounter several people at slots smoking and no one said or did anything, so is it non or not? The slots paid nothing...so very little of our play was in there. we are not big gamblers anyway, so no loss there anyway. and we had the Casino waitresses walk so fast past us, we could not even get a drink while we were playing. I guess they really didn't need those extra $$$ from tips. Restuarants...Marilyn's Cafe was excellent for breakfasts and lunches. well prepared food and a lot of it. Good service also.Tuscany Gardens, the Italian place near the front of the lobby ,was also excellent and excellent service. also good amount of food and well prepared. I would highly recommend it whether you stay at the resort or not. we did not try the &quot;Cantina&quot;, so cannot comment on that one. also use the coupons you get on check in...they cut the price of meals 10 to 30%, depending on the coupon. The Bar near the Slots was awful. although wonderful bartender, talkative and fun, the drinks tasted like nothing more than water. I had a margarita and it was just water....there was no flavor at all. we did not use the other bars or night club across from the restuarant so can't remark on that either. All in all, I would stay there again, but not in summer when kids are out of school and likely to be vacationing there with mom and dad. We don't go to Vegas to be surrounded with kids.	
Jul 22 2007 	nice place to stay	this was my first time booking a place to stay that was not on the strip. I was pleasantly surprise with the room. I did book the place with i4vegas.com in which I payed about $55/per night but I had book the reservation about 3 weeks in advance. I did notice that the closer to my actual arrival date the price was almost reduce by half. The walk to the STRIP took my husband and I 15 minutes which was not too bad considering we would be walking anyway. The room was a nice size and really enjoyed the separate toilet from the shower and vanity area. The casino was a nice size considering the hotel. I did 2 loads of clothes while we were there and the price was about $1 each plus drying. All in all in was an very inexpensive place to stay that was not a dump.	
Jul 19 2007 	Great Experience	We stayed at the Tuscany at the beginning of July. I was not disappointed. It's close enough to the strip and perfect if you have a vehicle to get to places and still park nice and close to where your room is. The rooms are huge and look exactly how the hotel website portrays them. The room was clean and the maids kept it that way. We were in building C and although it says there are cooktops in the room, ours had been taken out (fine by me as we had young children with us) we did have the fridge, sink, table etc. My only real complaint with the room is the sheets on the bed. They really should use a fitted sheet on the bottom instead of a flat one. We found it really quiet and peaceful as long as you stayed out of the main building or the pool area which is where you want it to have action. The landscaping was so beautiful. We especially enjoyed the pool area. We didn't eat at any of the hotel's restaurants but I did visit the gift shop for snacks and it was nice that it was open late. I played some of the slots in the casino and more than doubled my money so that was a plus too. As for check in and check out, it was slow because only 2 people were handling the desk and one of them was a trainee...they could use more people at the desk in my opinion. All in all we had a great stay and we will definately stay there again.	
Jul 11 2007 	Various Buildings - Maybe we got bad one?	We stayed at Tuscany Suites on 07/08/07 because NWA cancelled our flight and we needed a place to stay. Our neighbors had stayed here before and claimed it was very nice.I booked the night for $35.85 via some Vegas website. Great deal no matter what.Upon arrival, there were 2 people working to handle a line of about 20 parties trying to check in. A little slow - but a waitress did bring out bottled water while we waited.The room we were given was on the side (building D) near the Platinum hotel. The room was large, but it was very aged. The bathroom was very nice - bed was okay (but sheets sucked).Overall, for the money it was a good deal. However, I am not sure I would want to spend a week at this location - even at that price.	
Jul 8 2007 	Great Vacation at the Tuscany	My husband and I stayed at the Tuscany last week July 1-7. We read the reviews and were excited. The room (king) was HUGE as everyone says. They cleaned our room every day, vaccumed the entire bit. I am kind of a clean freak, so I am always somewhat leary when we stay in hotels. Our room always smelled fresh (not cover up sprays) and was very clean.Last time I was in Las Vegas (10 years ago) I stayed at New York, New York ( It had just been built). It was nice but like most people say, the wait to check in is long and you usually have to walk far from the elevators in the large hotels. With the Tuscany being smaller and more spread out, eveything is close. Plus, the landscaping is nice when you are walking the winding paths to get to your destinations.You also do not have to pay for the work-out room, where at the larger hotels it is around $20.00 for a day pass. We ate at Marylin's Cafe and The Cantina, they were both really good and very inexpensive. My husband got the cod fish and two sides for $8.00.The Tuscany is more of a family atmosphere than the larger hotels due to the kitchen so singles or couples might take that into consideration. You really do not notice the family atmosphere unless you are at the pool. We are a young newly married couple and it did not bother us (just noted).The staff was really nice and friendly. What you get for the price, you can not beat this place. We were in Vegas when the Temp. was at record highs (116 degrees) about 13 degrees higher than normal. We rented a car and it was the best thing we could have done. You can see more of the strip and parking is free all over the strip. We are really glad we stayed at the Tuscany!	
Jul 7 2007 	Large suites	My husband and I recently stayed at the Tuscany for our 20th wedding anniversary trip to Vegas. We chose the Tuscany because of the central location and larger sized rooms. The grounds were very well kept and our room was HUGE...plus extremely clean. I'm a very light sleeper so upon check- in... I asked for a room that was located in a quiet section of the resort. Honestly....we never heard a &quot;peep&quot; the 4 nights we stayed in the room. The Tuscany is just 2 long blocks behind the Bally's Resort on the strip...which takes about 10 minutes to walk. If you buy the deuce bus ticket it also covers the #202 line going East and West in front of the Tuscany...so we walked out front to the bus stop then over to the strip. Don't make the same mistake we made by thinking the bus going East somehow turns around and then goes West. If you're going West to the strip you need to leave the Tuscany...cross the street and get on that bus #202 going west to the strip. In other words...each bus is like a one way going in the direction you want to go. The Tuscany has a nice pool and we had an amazing Italian dinner at the nicer restaurant by the front lobby. We enjoyed the clean casino, too. I watched the travel clubs and I got our room for $56.00 a night....what a bargain!!!! If we go back to Vegas...we would stay at the Tuscany without a doubt!	
Jul 7 2007 	Great stay for the money	RoomThe Tuscany is an all suites hotel, converted from apartments. As a result the rooms have consistent style and are equipped with 2-ring hob, fridge/freezer, sink, coffee machine. However, crockery, cooking utensils etc are not supplied - if you wish to use the kitchenette, bring your own!Large comfortable and clean king bed, with 2 sofas and coffee table in addition to a dining table. More than big enough for two adults! Air-conditioning appears to be an after thought with a wall attached A/C unit. Although very effective, ours was very noisy - it's a fairly consistent drone, so its easy enough to sleep through overnight.Maids cleaned rooms daily making beds, replacing towels etc and arrived at a reasonable time which was nice so we weren't disturbed early!BathroomBath, separate shower, separate toilet were all spotless and modern. Shower was hot when required. Large bathroom with large wall mirror. Again, noisy extraction fans, but no big deal as they only come on when you turn the lights on.Location2 blocks from the strip. Safe 10 minute walk to/from strip along busy Flamingo road. No shade makes for a hot walk during the day. StaffI get the impression that staff are friendly and approachable for &quot;run of the mill&quot; enquiries, however when asking for advice and help over and above normal duties, I encountered attitude. Not a problem as long as you stick to your guns. The concierge will help you with attractions and bookings for shows etc. We enquired about a Grand Canyon helicopter flight. My advice is use them for the information, but book direct with the company rather than through the hotel, we saved $70 on our trip.FacilitiesPool large, good jaccuzi. Clean towels are provided. They seem to leave the radio on all day, which can be annoying if you are right by the speaker! Very clean and plenty of sun loungers and space. Even at &quot;93%&quot; occupancy, the pool was never busy. Seem to have good facilities for conferences, meetings and weddings. RestaurantsMexican restaurant looks good on paper, but is disappointing. Not recommended. The Tuscany Gardens Italian has a good atmosphere, food is good with good service. Use the 30% off voucher they offer on arrival and the price becomes reasonable also. Cafe does a good breakfast 24/7, with quick and friendly service. It seemed popular with gamers and guests alike. CasinoWe didn't visit for the casino and had no intention of gambling. Smells slightly smoky, although the whole hotel is now non smoking (apart from the bar), it was clear it wasn't always that way.OverallCheaper, good value off-the strip hotel. For first time in Vegas we were happy with our stay. Nice to be away from the strip to get some peace and quiet - the hotel is nice and quiet.	
Jun 20 2007 	Perfect!	We stayed at Tuscany with about 30 of our friends and family due to my wedding being held at the Tuscany Chapel on April 28, 2007. We hadsuch a great stay. It is so quiet and relaxing, but yet we were able to have our fun as well. The slots in the casino seemed pretty loose,a lot of us won some money there. I loved the restaurant Tuscany Gardens where we held our reception dinner, the service was great and the food was phenomenal. The strip was a little ways away, but wedidn't mind walking it - it sure was good excercise. Oh and the size of the rooms - they are the size of a small apartment. I had such a fabulous time, I will definitely stay there again!	
Jun 17 2007 	Perfect for Us-Comfortable 	If you are looking for a place that is exciting with lots of action, then this is not the place for you. However, if you want a comfortable room in a quiet area with nice grounds and pool, and a low-key casino, but is within walking distance to the action and good restaurants, then this just might be right for you.We knew we didn't want to be constantly surrounded by people and the noise of the strip, so after reading the reviews on this site we chose the Tuscany Suites. We found it was perfect for what we wanted. We could walk to the strip (about 1/2 mile, but get a taxi if you don't want to walk in the heat) and if we didn't want to eat in one of the restaurants in the complex (there were 3), we could walk across the street to Lawry's, McCormick &amp; Schmicks, or Gordon Biersch (?); go around the corner to Ellis Island for their excellent BBQ joint; or walk a block to an old-school Italian restaurant. We arrived at 1:30 and were told checking in early would require an additional $10 fee, so we elected to wait until 3:00. The desk clerk graciously offered to pre-check us in and assign us a room and we could return at 2:30 for the keys. In the meantime we drove about a mile east to an Albertson's market and stocked up on groceries.Our room was on the 3rd floor of building C, away from the main street. It overlooked the building next door but that was OK. As mentioned before, the room was huge with king bed, a dining table, couch, chair, desk, and a small kitchen area with sink and refrigerator (no microwave but someone mentioned in an earlier post that one could be requested but we didn't ask). Our only issue with the room was that the bed was short-sheeted and I found myself remaking it every night (why don't all hotels use fitted sheets??). The bathroom was very large with a tub, separate shower, large vanity area, and the toilet was in a separate room (I loved this). There was also an ironing board and iron in the ample closet.The grounds were very pretty with lush plants and trees and the pool area was relaxing on a warm day with shade under the palm trees, and the large spa was just the right temperature. I especially loved the winding paths as I could take my early morning walks around the grounds without venturing on the street. There is also a fitness center with a lap pool and in the same building is a laundromat, which was handy since we were midtrip and I needed to wash a few things.All in all we were very pleased with this hotel and my husband I agree that we would stay there again when we return to LV.	
Jun 10 2007 	Great experience at the Tuscany Suites	June, 2007---wonderful experience!We arrived early in the day (10:30am) and were able to access our room for a nominal fee of $10:00---a great benefit after traveling from the East Coast! Rooms were very large, comfortable, and immaculate. Three restaurants which were really nice with good food and reasonable prices. We were only a 10 minute walk from the strip but loved being off the strip. After a busy day checking out the &quot;strip&quot; it was nice to return to a quieter, more relaxing area. The casino was great and offered many nickel and penny slots which we loved not being serious gamblers. Every staff member that we encountered was friendly and helpful. We loved this hotel and would return again.	
Jun 8 2007 	Great Hotel...	I really like the Tuscany. It is a like a quiet Las Vegas secret. The food and drinks are cheap ($2.00 New Castle during the day). The pool is smallish, but never crowded. The rooms are really quite big and we always have four people and last time had more than enough room to inflate two airmattresses. The only downside is that there is no temp control in teh room that i could find. It is only ten minute walk to the strip and i just enter Bally's from the back and enjoy the aircon from there.	
May 30 2007 	Very nice	My husband and I spent 4 days in Vegas at the Tuscany Hotel.We found it to be quiet, with very large rooms, a friendly staff, and a place we would definitly return to. The only thing the room lacked was a microwave. It has a small fridge,sink and cooktop. The beds were comfortable and aside from the higher prices on Friday and Saturday, this is a nice place to stay and I thought a good value.. We especially enjoyed the penny slots in the casino. We even won a few bucks !!!!!!!	
May 30 2007 	Okay for off strip hotel	We stayed for 2 nights at the end of April. Although the hotel looks nice at first, the rooms have a motel feel. Check-in was easy, as we arrived late on a Friday. The complex is large with multiple buildings. We stayed at the northernmost end (D)? Clientele in this hotel mostly appeared to be 50+ years, although we did see some college/high school sports teams at the hotel.The room was on the bottom floor, and smelled slightly musty. It was large, with king size bed and scant pillows. Not the most comfortable sleep (but then who's sleeping in Vegas?) The TV had about six channels, no cable or satellite, and at least two channels dedicated to gambling or the hotel. Not much to watch. Also, there was no hotel guide in our room, so we had no idea of the amenities, closing times, or if room service existed.Bathroom: separate toilet/ sink room. Noisy ventilation &amp; plumbing. Our toilet was plugged before we got there. The problem was fixed the next day (we didn't feel like hanging around all night). The shower was okay, but the shower head is too short for 6' tall people. Toiletries are minimal and very basic.Kitchenette: Coffee machine WOULD have been great had they actually put enough creamer packages for two people. I even left a note requesting an additional creamer, but this request was ignored. So we decided to skip the coffee the second day.Pool: big, inviting, very busy early on Saturday morning. Didn't actually swim, but plenty of other guests did.Food: Tuscany Gardens Italian: The veal with mushroom sauce was saltier than I normally like. Otherwise the food was good. Ambience was not very romantic, since right across the hall, the bar was really rocking. Beachfront Coffee has hardly anything to accompany a cup of coffee for breakfast. Go elsewhere.Location: yes, it is 2 LONG blocks from the strip. Realize that walking the strip is something that most people spend the day doing and know that you will be tired. A day pass for the monorail is useful to go back and forth. Discount coupons are in many of the Las Vegas guides you pick up. However, there will still be more walking from the station/to the station - there's always a casino you will have to go through. The walk along Flamingo from the strip is not very pretty (empty lots, a little rundown), but was safe enough. Bottom Line: We will try a hotel on the southern strip next time. The price is right, but if you're spending all your time on the strip, staying there will save you time. The quality at Bally's (previous visit) was much better than this place.	
May 29 2007 	The worst customer service	The Tuscany would be a beautiful and wonderful place to stay if the customer service were better. I have never dealt with people so rude. You would think that they would want repeat customers however that is not apparant in the way your treated. I had several problems even trying to book a room and after that it only got worse. To tell you the truth I would have changed my reservation to a differetn casion however any other casino I wanted to stay in was booked. I will never return and I was disguisted and disappointed by the staff of the Tuscany who seemed to not care about anything at all but themselves.	
May 29 2007 	Great place to stay	This was my first trip to Vegas, so I don't have other hotels to compare it with. The rooms in this hotel are huge. There were three of us staying there and with us and our luggage, no one was tripping over anyone or anything else. We had two double beds and a sofa bed, with room to spare when it was pulled out. There is also another chair, kitchen table and chairs.We didn't have a microwave in the room at first, but after inquiring about one it was delivered to our room almost immediately. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We made several requests for extra towels and washclothes and they were always timely in bringing them to us. The bathroom is rather large, and everything was clean.The hotel is within walking distance from the strip, but we never walked it. There is a double decker bus (Deuce) that cruises the strip. If you pay $5 for a 24 hour pass you can transfer from the strip bus to the 202 that goes down Flamingo road. That bus lets you off right in front of the Tuscany. You couldn't ask for more convenience. The pass is even good to use on the city buses.You can't beat this hotel for the price. I know people who have visited Vegas and have spent way more for a room, but didn't have what we did. I will be staying there again.	
May 25 2007 	Great value pleasant pool clean	We stayed in room I-202 from May 21st thru 24th. The hotel is just minutes from the airport, cab fare was about $13 incl tip. Total price was through a very reasonable package on a major travel website. After netting out airfare, the hotel portion of the package equated to about $350 for three nights. Location is convenient at about 2 full blocks from the Strip, an easy walk for anyone in reasonable physical condition.Bally's and the Flamingo are the closest major casinos at about a 5min walk away, but Tuscany has quite a decent sized casino of its own (we didn't win anything at Tuscany's machines, though). The Cantina Mexican restaurant in the casino had good TexMex at a reasonable price and a nice strong premium margarita for under $6. Marilyn's Cafe in the casino offers food well into the wee hours for late-night gamers.Our room was clean &amp; oversized. Bed was comfortable but could have used better sheets and plumper pillows. The rooms have a small kitchenette, including sink and mini fridge. However one word of warning on the kitchenette--there was no microwave which is a big deficiency for this type of property. There was also no cookware, no utensils nor dishes. So the kitchenette is useless without your own equipment in tow.We would highly recommend this property. It was much cheaper than the large strip hotels, the pool/grounds are attractive and the property was not crowded.	
May 24 2007 	Great Stay	The room was one of the largest I have had, and bested only by a five star Spa hotel in Ireland. There was a fridge and cooker but no utensils/cutlery.The room was clean but we did arrive back one evening to find it had not been made up. As it was after 4PM we were only offered clean towels.We ate a couple of times in the Casino grill and found the service and food both good. The atmosphere in the casino itself seemed muted but we are not gamblers so it might just be us.We liked the location being only about 10 minutes stroll to the middle of strip. Terribles Casino is only a few minutes in the other direction and serves a nice breakfast buffet for 5 dollars.If we go back to Vegas we would certainly stay here again.	
May 18 2007 	best place to stay in vegas	We stayed at the Tuscany in April 07 and it was just great. The staff was very nice and helpful. The rooms are super. They are huge and have a nice size bathroom. Everything was clean. The restaurants in the hotel have some of the best food we ate during our stay.The casino was great, from cheap drinks if you are not gambling to helpful dealers. The guy's at the craps table were the best.I wouldnt stay anywhere else next time I come to town.	
May 17 2007 	Terrible service!	Service was a problem throughout our stay. The keys constantly malfunctioned and the staff were not helpful at all about correcting the problem. Despite repeated requests, there were never enough towels in the room. The hotel is inexpensive, but it's a $12 cab ride to get to the strip. Overall a very disappointing experience.	
May 9 2007 	Buyer Awareness	The property offers an &quot;early check-in&quot; for a seemingly meager fee of $10. Even if you are 15-30 mins. early for the 3pm check-in you will be offered this program. I found that my card had been charged $130.00 following my check in after I agreed to only a $10.00 fee. I immediately brought it to the front desk's attention the following day after having been transferred from another dept. (via phone), and was summarily dismissed with a hand-written note (not a refund receipt) stating that the 130.00 would be credited to my Visa within 7-10 business days. My company paid for my stay. The front desk asked for my card and not cash when I agreed to the $10 option.I was not allowed to speak with a supervisor, but rather was spoken to in a condescending manner by a clerk. The clerk actually used my first name and not my last while giving me a manufactured explanation as he chided me. He actually laughed at the fact I was inquiring about the issue. I cannot recommend this &quot;resort&quot; to anyone and hope that nobody else has to spend time on the phone with their respective bank insuring that unauthorized charges like this don't occur.	
May 1 2007	Good Visit	Check-in went smoothly and we were soon on our way to room 302 on the third floor of building E. I initially thought this was too far from the casino, but it turned out to be a perfect location. The room itself was quite large with excellent soundproofing, but furnished with castoffs from one of those rustic lodges found in the Adirondacks. No big plasma TV for us, but at least all 6 channels were in living color. We got a king size bed, we got a kitchen with both a refrigerator and stove top, we got a couch, chair and kitchen table with 2 matching chairs, who could ask for anything more? The bathroom was large and featured both a tub and separate shower unit and enclosed toilet. The Tuscany complex includes guest washer/dryers, a well equipped exercise room with outside lap pool and nice size pool with Jacuzzi	
Apr 24 2007 	Older property but nice	This was a girl's getaway. The property was about 2 blocks from the Strip on Flamingo. It is an older property but very nice.The staff was friendly and very helpful. The property has several buildings and you can be in a bldg. that is a little walk from the lobby. This was a minor problem the first night as we arrived late and it was rather cold. Overall a very nice stay.	
Apr 18 2007 	Pleasant stay...	We ended up staying there as part of a timeshare deal, and were very satisfied. It was an easy and safe walk to the middle of the strip. There were multiple affordable restaurants at Tuscany. We ate at the cafe most of the time and really enjoyed our food. The casino is fairly small, but we didn't find it too smoky. They made it very easy to check in early (for an extra $10) and check-out late. Our room did have a few fairly minor problems. The sheets aren't fitted to the bed, which is inconvenient. Our fan squealed off and on, which I found annoying, though the temperature was very easily regulated. Also, there was a cockroach running around in the bathroom light. These were all minor issues though, and we would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 12 2007 	This hotel could cost more and we'd still stay there.	We came to Las Vegas to get married by Elvis. We got a room for 3 nights, 2 people each got a room for 2 nights and another couple got a room for one night. i was able to get all the rooms on the same floor of the same building (except the other couple checked in early and since they were cleaning our floor at the time, ended up in a building that had already been cleaned. This was not a problem, it was kind of expected because of the early check-in. My new wife and I loved our suite, it was so large the king-size bed looked small! It was clean and maintained. When we got into the building, there was an odor which we have decided must have been air freshener (hopefully the hotel will use a less-intrusive brand in the future), but inside the rooms was fine, you couldn't smell it. We called down to the desk about 8:30 p.m. and asked for a microwave and it was delivered within an hour.The bed was very comfortable, but they did not use fitted sheets. The bathroom area was quite large, having the toilet separate from the rest was a plus. Nice sized-shower. As large as the room was, the bathroom area could have been a little larger in order to have a double sink and more countertop space, although it was adequate.Most of the staff was friendly and helpful, but they need to give more information to the front desk staff. They didn't seem to know as much as we felt they should have.A leisurely walk to the strip was about 10 minutes, which is just far enough off the strip that we din't have to deal with the crowds and noise near the hotel. It probably would take 7 to 8 minutes if you pick up the pace a little. If you are planning on walking the strip, that extra time does not take much time away from that.The loveseat and chair in the room were OK, not the most comfortable but not too bad. The lunch specials were cheap and HUGE! They definitely give you good sized portions. We will definitely stay here again unless we decide that we HAVE to be on the strip.	
Apr 12 2007 	Really kind of Nice.	This was a rebound property and in retrospect a place that I would stay in again. Nice grounds, well equipped gym with equipment in reasonably good condition. Very nice main pool area and the Pizza restaurant was very good. The only negative that keeps coming to mind is the smoky main building. I used to be a smoker and it didn't bug me all that much, but my wife noticed. Otherwise a nice place with big rooms, great staff ,and clean, for reasonable money!	
Apr 11 2007 	excellent location	Just got back from a hectic week in Las Vegas and stayed at the Tuscany. Excellent location, quick check in and check out( someof the hotels had queues a mile long) large clean room, pool clean and grounds well kept, peaceful away from the busy strip. Marilyn's cafe open 24hours, food ok and the food in the Tuscany Garden was excellent and good value for money but couldnt eat there every night as it was very rich and filling but nice for a treat! This location was perfect as it was walking distance to the strip ( about 10-15 minutes) and safe to walk. You can get a bus to the top of the strip ( Bally's or beyond) if you feel the need. The staff at the hotel were helpful and friendly . Would definately recommend this property to anyone going to Vegas who want to walk away from the busy strip and have a calmer environment to enjoy. It also has a casino as all places do but it does not hit you when you walk in the door and has its own seperate entrance, giving a very relaxing calming feeling to the place when arriving.Would definately go back here!	
Apr 11 2007 	Great place to stay	We stayed here for a family vacation. We booked a standard room, and to our surprise the room more then your average sized hotel room. We had enough room to put a air mattress in the room, and still not trip on anything. The best thing about this hotel is that the only time you HAVE to go near the gaming is when you check in or check out or go to one of the dining rooms. The rooms are in separate towers. When we stayed at the Luxor before it was a pain to go through the Casino to get to our room. The hotel has several dining options available, and the prices are average (more expensive then some, but not over priced like other hotels on the strip). There are several places to go if you don't want to go there, including the strip. Another great thing was the location. It is right behind another hotel. That hotel was right behind Bally's.... so you were within walking distance of the strip. The location says off strip, but this is just about on the strip without having all the hassle of being there. The hotel was very clean, we had to ask for some extra towels, but house keeping brought them quickly. The bathroom was clean and had a separate tub and shower (the bathroom was huge too). We are planning another trip to Vegas in May. We will definitely stay here again for the value and the location. Everything else that is comparable to this place has had terrible reviews.	
Apr 6 2007 	Good value in peaceful setting	Pleasantly surprised with many aspects-from the friendliness of the staff from Ken at the reception desk to wait staff in Marilyn's, giftshop and other restaurants and the valet staff. Rooms were very large, pool was nice and the grounds well looked after. The walk to the strip a nice 10-15 minute walk. You were away from the hustle andbustle of the strip. Good deals were the $ 5.00 bus ticket for 24-hour use(good on the Deuce along the strip and other buses), the $4.95 steak dinner at Ellis Island just around the corner from the hotel and meals at Marilyn's (Wed. pm surf n turf plus veg and potato $11.95). Car discount through the hotel with Dollar rent a car was good and they picked you up at the hotel. Great stay-will go back.	
Mar 6 2007	Huge 	Our room was huge (I was with 2 girls and we had more than enough room in a standard, two bed room) and practically on the strip (literally blocks away). It's nothing fancy but excellent for the Las Vegas traveler who doesn't plan to be in their room too much (or if they do, don't mind a simple layout). We went when it was too cold to go into the pool but the pool area looked beautiful. There are plenty of restaurants around open convenient hours and a casino with a bar open all night within the hotel. The room was clean and the service excellent If you're on a budget but want to stay as close to the strip as possible, this place is definitely for you.	
Mar 4 2007	really lovely hotel just a few mins walk from strip but no to far	i really liked the hotel went to las vegas for two weeks had a 10 min walk to the strip of a night but far enough away not to hear all coming and going all night long i went with my husband and my little girl that was 18 months at the time and husbands mum and dad great place to go very clean hotel couldnt find a bad thing to say about it hotel staff was very help full we only booked one week before we went and was going to travel around and find some where for last week but we endded up staying at the tuscany hotel for the last week to give us good rate as well as it being thanks giving and getting very book up keeep us all togeather in same block as well as we wanted to be with his mum and dad in same block lovely place would go back again i would tell anyone about it very good price too	
Feb 28 2007	Good value for money	Good value for money, (stayed there a few times).Big rooms, Clean, Nice surroundings. Close to the strip. (Walking distance) a very reasonable alternative to a big strip hotel especially when the price is 50%-75% from strip-hotel prices	
Feb 27 2007 	Don't be afraid to gamble on this Las Vegas hotel!	I would highly recommend this hotel for someone who doesn't want to be right on the Las Vegas strip but you have easy access if you want to have that experience. I was there on business and my husband was there for gambling. He could walk to the strip easily. I liked the fact that I didn't have to walk for miles to get to my room, the parking right outside your building was a plus for me. The rooms are huge and everything was very clean. Re: the kitchenette, the stovetop had been covered over with countertop. The refrigerator is there but don't you couldn't do any food preparation there, which was fine. Carpet looked new and also very clean. Another thing that you usually don't see in a hotel room in Vegas is screened windows that open - it's great to get fresh air in. The grounds around the property are very nice and there were security people all around the property at night. The only restarant we ate at was Marilyn's Cafe for breakfast and it was fine. All hotel staff personnel we came in contact with were very pleasant. I would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 22 2007 	Large rooms and Quiet	My wife and I lodged at the Tuscany during NBA All Star Weekend. We were very impressed with the large sized room and the friendliness of the staff. We also liked the fact that there were not large crowds in front of our hotel and it was easy to get in and out by taxi. I would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 9 2007 	Disgusting!!! Stay Away!	Oh my gosh. It was like a bad TV show. Booked a King, got two doubles. Someone left food in the &quot;kitchenette&quot;, which had electric burners that looked like they belonged in a motel along the highway that rents by the week. The closet door was broken. We asked for a different room on an upper floor. We were offered a smoking room or the disabilities room. I honestly don't remember which we took but the bathroom sink was permanently in the &quot;closed&quot; position so the water would not drain out and there was really no way to unstop it. The carpet was stained. Suites were remote and isolated as was the parking. I felt like I was a million miles from civilization and very vulnerable. It was just creepy!!! We checked out, paid a little more, stayed at Mandalay Bay on the strip and had a beautiful time!	
Jan 30 2007 	Tuscany Las Vegas Resort - Well Maintained Grounds	I recently spent 4 nights here. The hotel was clean. The grounds are maintained and beautiful. The hotel staff was gracious. The buildings are listed alphabetically - Higher on the alpha list means furthest from the casino and hotel. I recommend a building closer to the pool area. When I first arrived I noticed the strong smell of &quot;carpet fresh&quot;. Asthmatics beware. It was very overpowering. I recommend staying on the 3rd floor. My first night I was in the O bldg on the 3rd floor and it was great. The next night I was moved from O to L bldg (because of a hot water issue) to the 2nd floor and was very bothered by the stomping of feet of the people above me. Plus a very loud squeeking bed from above. Bad acoustics, I guess. Also - the toilet leaked and dripped. I didn't want to get moved again, so I reported it and they sent someone to fix it, but I noticed it was still wet around the base of the toilet. Hotel gave me a comp for having to have to move me. The gym was clean and looked new. Taxi to strip one way was approx 7$. All in all, I would recommend. Very good for the money.	
Jan 29 2007 	Go For It!!	I gotta say...the hotel exceeded our expectations. I was worried when I booked the room because it was more than half the price of the big &quot;strip&quot; hotels. We say....GO FOR IT!! The hotel was clean and the staff friendly. Our room was very BIG and comfortable. My fiance and I came out to Vegas to plan our wedding, and our stay at the Tuscany started, and ended, the weekend right.	
Jan 16 2007 	not the same anymore!	The room was nice and all but the front desk staff was the WORST!!! The girl that checked us in could barely understand what i was trying to tell her. And to top it off she does not even speak english!! I mean she should not be at the front desk if she barely knows english. Why would they put someone that doesnt know how to communicate? Another thing i noticed was that all front desk staff looked so unhappy they dont even smile. Just unbelievable..the girls before were a lot better. I was hoping to see hot asian girls from before but i learned that they dont work there anymore. Those girls were a lot way prettier and very friendly. To the management bring back some hot asian girls!!!	
Jan 10 2007 	Very nice	I really enjoyed this hotel. It is a little off the strip so we payed quite a bit for cabs. Nice and cheap tables. The rooms were very spacious and clean. The pool was OK. I wish it was heated more. Loved the mexican restaurant. Would definetly stay here again.	
Jan 4 2007 	Enjoyed our stay	We booked this hotel during X-Mas holiday based on previous reviews. The hotel itself is off the Strip (2 big blocks), but we didn't mind coz we're driving our cars anyway. We found the room to be clean &amp; huge (by regular hotel standard - I guess that's why they're called suites instead) with sofas, kitchen table &amp; sink. Bathroom has it's own bathtub AND shower area with tile floors. The only thing that kinda bugs us is the lighting.. it seemed a bit dark. And the fan inside the toilet is very loud. But other than that, we really enjoyed it &amp; will definitely come back, especially for the price we're paying!! :)	
Dec 28 2006 	Tuscany maybe not next time	We just finished a 3 night stay at the Tuscany in Las Vegas. I booked this stay by phone about two months ago (I couldn't book online because we wanted a suite, not a regular room). We arrived at 10:30 p.m. Christmas night. We checked in and went to our room. When we opened the door we were shocked to find our room was under construction. We went back to the front desk and they obviously had no clue about it. Then, they realized we had booked a suite and they didn't have any available. They had one that was not ready for guests so they got housekeeping to go and get it ready (11:00 at night, by now - travelling for 14 hours by now, with 8 &amp; 10 year olds). They comped us a meal in the restaurant while we waited (supposed to be 45 minutes). When we went back it still wasn't ready but they told us to head down to the room. We sat in the hall for another 1/2 hour waiting. Nice room when we got in - very large living/dining room with two separate bedrooms and two bathrooms. Rooms appeared clean, but when I dropped something by my night table, there was dust and dirt all around it! The master bedroom and bathroom both smelled horribly of smoke. I spoke to the front desk clerk the next morning and she said housekeeping woud see what they could do. Nothing was done. In the end they discounted the room 50% for the first night only. (this was a $300.00/night room). The hotel doesn't have a complimentary breakfast and internet is available, but at a cost. I had no idea how much that would cost - $9.95/shot or $25..00/3 connections (its through AT &amp; T). Yikes! Beware anybody else who thinks that the internet charge will be reasonable. The onoy pool is outdoor, but it was nice - warm considering it was only around 55 degrees outside. I'd say the pool was about 80-84 degrees. the hot tub was outside too, but also warm. It is close enough to the strip but away from the crowds.	
Dec 5 2006 	We liked it	Bit of a walk to start with, to the strip but you get used to it. Our room was massive! We loved it and the shower and bathroom were great too. We had a little problem with some noisy partying guests next to us on one day but the hotel dealt with it immediately. We only ate there once but no complaints, the food and service was excellent. The Casino is small but with so many Casinos to visit, it's not like you would spend your whole time there. The great thing was...my wife was asked to leave the casino because they said she didn't look over 21. That was a nice compliment, as she's 42!! I would go there again, no problem.	
Nov 26 2006 	Above average and large rooms. But they stick it to you for early check-in	I like this place, nice rooms, large and clean. They have a nice place for breakfast and is open 24 hours. Nice location and quiet.A lillte pricey but we like it.	
Nov 19 2006 	Not the best	I stayed here only because my business colleague had booked here first- we had a conference off the strip. I think if you book carefully, you can stay at a premium property instead for not much more money.The villa setting isn't so great, especially on the first floor, you get noise. The air conditioning units are old and extremely noisy. The Mexican restaurant (La Cantina) is slow and mediocre.The crowd is a bit lower-rent, the casino somewhat rinky-dink.Also, it's really hard to get cabs.	
Nov 6 2006 	Room was as dark as a cave	Even with all the lights on inside our room, the room was so dark it was like a cave. Pool area is nice but there were lots of roudy young-adults there, smoking and cursing. Not a good environment for children to be around. We almost left to change hotels but did not have time. We would NOT stay here again.	
Oct 31 2006 	If rooms are cheap enouth I would be there again.	Location is not bad, but long walk from Strip. I recommend to use car, and then there is no merit of location. Bed condition was terrible. The room had two full size beds, not queen size. And the mattress seems to be very old so that two persons in one bed rolled into the center, lowest point of the mattress. Bathroom was old style, and there was no microwave in the kitchen even though they have sink and refregirator. Room size was almost the double of normal hotel room.If the room rate is cheap enough, I would be there again. But if not, I would choose other hotel. I would rate the hotel grade less than three stars, i.e. maybe two and 1/2 stars.	
Oct 23 2006 	Quiet place practically on the Strip!	This review is for my husband's business trip from Oct 15-19. This his review, not mine.I had a one bedroom suite. It had a king size bed, small sitting area, small dining table, work desk, and a small kitchenette. THERE WAS A COFFEE POT IN THE ROOM. The bathroom had seperate bath tub and stand alone shower. Everything was clean. Air conditioning worked very well. Hot water takes a minute to kick in. No complaints.Over the hotel was very quiet, clean, and relaxing. It is 2 blocks off the strip. The walk to the strip was about 8 minutes. I did not go into the pool, I felt it was too cold but it was open. It looked nice. There were not a lot of children here. The casino was small. I finally learned to play roulette here because of the low minimums. There goes 3 hours of my life. The roulette dealer was quite helpful in explaining the rules of the game to me. If you are new to gambling, definately start out in a smaller casino like this and go early in the morning. I was the only one at the table and gained valuable knowledge from this. Drinks at the casino bar are only $2.50-3.50 so it is really reasonable if you don't want to wait for the waitress to bring you one.Marilynn's Cafe is what I ate for breakfast twice. I got the contential breakfast one morning and some type of standard breakfast with fruit plate. Both were good. Decent price for breakfast in Vegas. The Tuscany Gardens was very pricey. Nice atmosphere, just expensive. I got the chicken fettichini alfredo for $15 and a salad was not even included. Overall I really enjoyed my stay there and would recommend it to others. Its good for romantics/couples. The location is ideal for business travelers who may need to go into Vegas or surrounding cities easily because Flamingo Rd is easily accessible from the interstate/highway.	
Oct 23 2006 	Great Hotel with one minor exception	We stayed at the Tuscany from Oct 19-22. Its a newer hotel with a small casino. It is about 1 1/2 Las Vegas blocks from the strip. The rooms a huge and the cleaning staff friendly. But be prepared for one unexpected expense.Here it is: Hotel check in for the Tuscany is 3pm. If you arrive earlier than that time you can get your room - for a price.The Tuscany charges 10$ for 'early' check in. Even though your room is ready, they still will charge you. Our flight arrived earlier than expected and we land at 1030am. We reluctantly paid the fee and got to our room to freshen up from the long flight. That is the only problem with the hotel. Everything else was great.	
Oct 20 2006 	mixed feelings	The concierge, Tara, is the Tuscany's shining star! She printed our boarding passes and is a genuinely delightful person. She does not need customer service training unlike the front desk staff --one in particular was quite rude perhaps due to limited communication and customer service skills. Rooms are large and clean however the walk to the strip is long--20 mins--you definitely want to take a cab at night for safety. The sports bar was good with friendly staff. In general it was a decent place to stay.	
Oct 14 2006 	Disappointed	I am sitting in room N103 as I write this, very disappointed. This is a very big room. Almost the biggest hotel room I’ve ever been in. The bathroom is also very large with a separate toilet, a tub and a shower. This room also has a kitchenette. The facilities, pool, restaurants, and casino are all very good. Tuscany is very well located, just a couple of blocks away from “The Strip,” on East Flamingo Road.Regretfully, if I come to Las Vegas again, I will look for another hotel. To start with, the door to the toilet room doesn’t close and in fact must be held (with a knee, no less!) against the jam, if you want privacy. There is a large tile missing (6 x 6) on the baseboard. It’s hard to figure how a supposedly good hotel would allow that to just slide. The shower head is placed for midgets but that’s not unusual. The closet sliding door is off its track and although I put it back on to some extent, the problem is that the track is bent and loose making it unserviceable. The ice machines on all three floors of this building were not working when I arrived. Room service offered to send up ice for a charge. Guest services sent a maintenance man and sent me a plastic bag of ice. The first floor (my floor) ice maker is still not working but the second floor machine is, now.The furniture is really cheap to begin with and in my room, it is dirty and stained. I was in a friend’s room and it’s identical except it wasn’t dirty so that I noticed. The TV is a standard 19” with only 12 cable channels, and 2 more for the hotel’s use. It does have pay-for-view, however.The bottom sheets are not fitted, they are flat sheets tucked in. I tend to rate a motel on this. A fitted sheet stays on the bed without shifting better but is more expensive and less versatile to the motel, only being a bottom sheet. This is really sub-par for a hotel of this supposed level.Last night’s dinner in the Tuscany Gardens, the hotels main restaurant was very good. It gets busy so make reservations. This mornings Sunday Brunch Buffet in the Cantina was also very good with an accomplished omelet chef on station. A I said, I am sitting here disgruntled because I wanted a dish sent to my room from Tuscany Gardens but room service will only send food from the snack bar! That menu is exactly that – snacks! As I’ve been typing this, a menu for a pizza place was shoved under my door and they do deliver! How they’ll get into the building without a key is questionable but they got in to shove their menu under the door, didn’t they. Disgruntled has gone to furious! I tried to call the pizza place and I can’t get an outside line. It’s unbelievable. The operator comes on and says she’ll get me an outside line but when I try the local call, I get an error sound – NOT a busy sound. This place is down the street. I call back and tell her but she doesn’t want to listen and hangs up on me! I spoke with the manager at the front desk and she offers to send a repair man to my room. Clearly, the problem isn’t in my room. This is hopeless. I had to go out to my car to get my cell phone (I seldom use it). Of course it’s roaming. I must be fair and admit that having once been a Marine Officer, my voice can be somewhat “forceful.” Still, the issues that brought me to be “forceful” should have never occurred. As I said, it is regretful that I cannot recommend this hotel because it could be a great facility.On a positive note, last night we took in “Folies Bergere” at the Tropicana. This is one of the oldest original shows in Vegas. It was great. Funny thing, a lot of people seemed to be sitting on theirs hands. These performers danced their hearts out. I highly recommend it.	
Oct 14 2006 	loved it	Oct 14th 2006E.G.M. from MassachusettsMy sister, neice and I stayed here on our last night of a 2 week trip to Utah and Arizona before heading home the next day. It is not on the strip about a 10 minute walk to the strip, but for the price of $129.00 through AAA we had a 600 sq foot room with 2 queen beds, a sofa, chair and a kitchen area with a small refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker with coffee and a sink. The bathroom was large with a seperate shower and tub. The bathroom was as big as some motel rooms. The staff was very helpful with directions to the airport. If you don't mind the short walk to the strip this is the place to stay. I wish we had stayed longer.	
Oct 13 2006 	Beware of Customer Service Problems	We booked and prepaid for our reservation with an online agency for Las Vegas (IforVegas.com). When arriving at the Tuscany, our reservations had been canceled. (so they said) We stood at the check-in counter for over an hour requesting to see the manager and never once did he/she come out to talk to us. Instead, we were humuiliated in front of other guests and told that our reservation had been canceled per fax and the only room they had was for $239 per night if we wanted to pay that amount. As I mentioned, we had prepaid for 2 nights in advance at a considerably lower rate. I pulled out our reservation confirmation and the girl at the counter still insisted that we had no room unless we paid an additional $239 per night. After 2 phone calls to our booking agency, and still no manager to talk to in person, over an hour later, we got room keys handed over to us with no explanation of the problem or any apology for the time it took to straighten the mess out. The room was fine, once we got it, but we have never been treated so poorly by any hotel personnel in the past. It was clearly a mistake made by the hotel and in the very least, we should have received an apology for the unprofessional mannor in which we were treated.	
Oct 12 2006 	Okay but Slip Ups	I chose the Tuscany after doing a lot of reasearch and weighing the minuses and pluses. Let me state that I temporarily live internationally and have stayed at a lot of U.S. and abroad hotels. From past experiences I confirmed our reservation days before arriving to avoid any unwanted surprises. This was my sister's first visit, and I wanted it to be really special, but at a hotel she and I would be comfortable with. Not overly priced like the strip hotels, in my opinion. Unfortunately, upon arrival we were told the room assigned to us was now occupied. Instead of the poolside one were were looking forward to, we were told only A, M and N were available. Went into N and now had further to walk, and only another building to look at which was disappointing. The first thing we noticed was the a/c and bathroom fans were extremely noisy. Good tip: Bring a flashlight so you won't wake anyone when you use it at night...very annoying! Good sized room with microwave and refrigerator which was nice. Queen beds, dishes and utensils would have been even better. Odd thing-our room was on one end of the building, and we could exit the end closest to the street and pool, but not enter and get up to our third floor on that side. So we made many back and forths the length of the building upon coming back to our room. Very slow service at Marilyn's Cafe when we ate there, with just okay food. Pizza place pizza was so-so...very cheesey, rather bland and luke warm. Gift shop necessities forgotten are expensive. AM/PM and 7-11 are also next door for odds and ends. We enjoyed the pool area immensely most every day; warm water and not too busy. Another snufoo was cocktail waitress never asked if we wanted something to drink at the pool, and we weren't sleeping with our eyes closed either! Someone else didn't do their job, because one morning the gates were still locked at the pool at 10 a.m. It took quite awhile for someone to get on it and let all of us waiting in. Sun time was on the clock for us. The grounds and parking lot at times had some trash and broken glass not picked up. Our building had a huge pile of torn out carpeting sitting for the five days we were there at the bottom of the stairs right before where we'd exit....very tacky. I always had hopes it would be picked up before we left, but it unfortunately never was. The vending machine dispensed bottled water, when we tried to get pop twice. Getting a taxi to and from the airport and to Ceasar's colliseum ran approximately $10-$15. Otherwise, we didn't find the walk to the strip overwhelming, we're use to walking when traveling, and we women luckily weren't bothered at 2 a.m. We only got asked for change and saw a homeless person sleeping once. Celine Dion's show was totally awesome, but on the pricey like most of the higher end venues. Tip: There's really not a bad seat in the house, however a typical nosebleed section for the cheaper priced seats. To sum it up I'd say the grounds are very nice and rooms easy to get to from the parking lot. The price is affortable. I'm leaning towards trying another hotel next time I go back.	
Oct 11 2006 	What a great decision to stay at The Tuscany	My 3 friends and I have just returned from an 11 night stay at the Tuscany. As this was quite a long stay we were looking for accomodation that was not so expensive as some of the Strip hotels, and we had already stayed on the Strip for 4 previous trips and that was no longer important. plus it would give us more gambling (I mean spending money, just in case husband reads this). Read all the reviews good and bad on TA and decided to book here. What a great decision it was. We were all delighted with it. There was one small hitch, in that we had booked a room with poolview and balcony and we had no balcony. To be fair they did offer to move us to one with a balcony after 5 days, but when we saw which one it was to be we decided to stay put. The balcony was obscured by tree branches, and thought maybe it would be of no benefit. Anyway for 4 ladies to pack, move a couple of blocks and then unpack seemed to be too much of an upheaval.It took me long enough to pack my suitcase anyway!The room was great. Overlooking the pool, near to all the bars and restaurants and casino and only a short walk away from the road that takes you straight up to the Strip, which was only and 8-10 minute walk. As everyone had said before the rooms are huge! Plenty of room for all our things and still loads of space.Everything was really clean.There was a really relaxed atmosphere coming from the pool area everyday. When we were all getting ready each day we would have the windows open listening to the great music that was coming from the pool area. Relaxed around the pool only a couple of times during our stay, but that was because we had so much to do and also because it was so hot.All the staff were really friendly and it just seemed to be that much more personal than the hotels on the strip. Compared to most of the other hotels the casino was small (not tiny though) but I have to say that we did most of our winning here! So to me it is a great casino. Cocktail waitresses were really attentive and ffriendly, so were the waitresses in Marilyns Cafe, especially Maureen, she was great. All the guys on the bell desk were great, especially once they got to know us.Even though the hotel suites were running at full capacity most of the time we were there it was never crowded. We all had a fabulous holiday, and will definitely stay at the Tuscany Suites when we visit again next year. Cant wait!!!	
Oct 10 2006 	Disappointment	1. I found fecal matter in my bathtub after checking in - not very clean.2. Package (flowers) delivered could not be found by the front desk and were actually with the bellhop. I need to call FTD to have FTD tell the front desk that the flowers were really there!3. The battery on the lock failed. We had to walk to the front desk twice and call once after that to have someone come out and break into the room via a wire.	
Oct 5 2006 	very nice	this is a very nice quiet, smaller hotel. The rooms are oversized and great. The pool looked lovely but no time to use it. The grounds around are very well kept. No problems with noise. We even played in the casino and had lots of fun. The only downside was the distance to the strip. Took about 10-15 mins to walk there. I would stay here again.	
Oct 4 2006 	Would stay again	We only stayed in the Tuscany Suites for 2 nights, but found it quite satisfactory. The &quot;new starter&quot; on the check-in desk was a nightmare - she took a long time to book us in - we wanted to pay cash - she charged it to our credit card. Very inefficient and not customer friendly (attitude problem) - however the bellman and all the other staff we came across were very friendly and helpful.The suite in BlockB, ground floor, was spacious and clean. The location of Tuscany Suites is only a couple of blocks from the strip and near to Ballys, the Westin etc. We paid approx $183 (inc tax) for the 2 nights and consider this quite good value.The mexican restaurant La Cantina provided us with an excellent (very, very reasonable) meal and the Margaritas were good too. The waiter and the service were first class. We would recommend a stay here.	
Sep 29 2006 	Quiet Place To Stay	This was our third stay at Tuscany Suites. We like the quiet compared to hearing people going in and out of the rooms all night at the strip hotels. We paid $49.00 per night which is an awesome deal! We stayed 4 nights. The beds are very comfortable, the room very large, and the kitchenette/refrigerator is great. It is also in a great location if you have a car. Parking is convenient and it's easy to drive to the parking lots of the major hotels ie Aladdin, Paris, Flamingo, MGM, etc. It is also across the street from some great restauants such as Bahama Breeze! The pool area is opening longer than the strip hotels so it makes it a great location if you want to get some nighttime pool time in which you can't get at the strip hotels. The casino is nice and clean and entertaining, the sports bar is very nice (not big) but cozy the staff in the sports bar are friendly. Front desk staff could be more friendly and accomodating.	
Sep 22 2006 	A Value to be Treasured	We &quot;discovered&quot; the Tuscany after several days of reading websites, reviews, etc. We could not be more pleased with the results of our seach. The rooms are large and well kept. The staff was friendly and efficient. The pool area was quiet and relaxing, a break from the hustle of the strip. We were in nonsmoking unit &quot;J.&quot; It was quiet, convenient, and free of any smoke smell. Some who may have physical problems may feel that the less-than-ten-minute walk is demanding; however, we walked back and forth with absolutely no problems and did actually like the chance to get away from the strip. I even had a degree of success in the casino. At less than $90 a night with all taxes and fees, we found it to be a real value. We will book again.	
Sep 21 2006 	excellent value great stay	We booked it from Vegas for 1 week stay in Aug. Average daily rate is about $80. Our room is in building H (or maybe I) on 1st floor. The room was nice and big, clean. Room service is standard. Separate toilet and bathroom is great since we have small kids and they always wanted to come in when you're there too :-)). We went to the pool almost everyday during our 1 wk stay. The pool is a nice size, plenty of laungers/chairs/tables which is a surprise----I had to tip to get a chair when I stayed at the much higher end Mandalay Bay/The Hotel. Never gambled in the hotel's casino but did take a look there. It's small but not so smokey. Pool side cafe is nice and clean with large tables. Location of the hotel is why it's much cheaper. It's about 2 blocks off the strip. We walked everywhere to the north and south of strip with no problems. Make sure you wear comfortable shoes. We stocked our fridge with beer, water, juice, yogurt, milk ... from the 7-11 store next to the corner gas station. 7-11 store's coffee is much better than the one from the hotel though, and cheaper. For food we ate at Ellis Island for 3 nights--great food at unbelievably low prices. Don't miss their $4.95 steak dinner with soup/salad every night. Their fried fish (cod filet) and fries basket is huge--enough for two for around $6.75. Ellis Island is next to the 7-11 store. these are all within a block. Free parking.For other nights we ate at: the World Buffet at Rio ($27.99/pp. $21/child), good food but a bit over priced. RedHotBlue restaurant at the Mandalay Bay is standard, don't try their baked chicken it's just too bad. Their spaghetti with meatball is excellent for about $15. Make sure you have breakfast at Mandalay's Bayside Buffet at least once--great food, large varieties, quick service, smoked salmon every day ....hmmmmmm yummy.We pretty much used the Tuscany hotel as a base and ventured out during the day, only go back to sleep at Tuscany at night. Who wants to stay in a hotel all day in Vegas anyway?All in all, the Tuscany is a good value. Check in check out is quick and smooth. Only down side to us is that there's not enough big trash cans in the rooms.I recommend Tuscany to everyone.	
Sep 13 2006 	Very very good deal – Enjoyed it a lot	Very very smart deal. Located only ten walking minutes from the strip, very close to Ceasar' Palace. Clean, well designed , green (lots of trees, bushes and flowers) and comfortable property. Free, close parking. Asked for a quite room close to the pool with check in, and got one. Could even choose floor-level. Very friendly staff. Room was very spacious, and sparkling clean. Comfy beds, good working individual AC. Even kitchenette (no pots and belongings - but: who wants to COOK in Vegas???) with fridge. Two clean and inviting pools (one with fitness center, one in center of hotel), free extra towels there. Payed only 30 Euros (!) per night for the room (during the week, booked with expedia.de) and were absolutely amazed of the standard and product we got. The only maybe litte disapoiting: Hotel's Casino (a little boring, no free drinks during gambling) and the lack of a typical Las Vegas &quot;all u can eat&quot;-buffet. But: both can be found in walking distance. We will come back – 100% sure! :o))	
Sep 12 2006 	Our new hotel of choice in Vegas	All the pluses of this property outweighed any disappointments we may have had. Things we liked: Moderate price; a well maintained pool area with warm water and all the towels one could want; a short walk to the pool, casino or anything on the property from our non-smoking first floor unit in &quot;F&quot; with &quot;no search&quot; parking spots right outside the door; easy auto access to Flamingo Road both directions making it very easy to drive to any of the dozen other casinos we visited; very easy access to airport or downtown from Paradise Road, walking distance to Bally's corner; walking distance to Terribles 2 for 1 $5.38 breakfast buffet; friendly poker room with two tournaments daily; late night bargain breakfast at Marilyn's Cafe; fitness center with lap pool; good Mexican food with 2 for one welcome meal; huge suite rooms with table and chairs, microwave, frig, couch, walk-in shower; separate tub, separate stool. Battery was low in the safe and repair was there almost before I got back to the room. Disappointments: Wi-fi is overly expensive at $10 per day, but dial-up is still available at $1 per connection; door lock occasionally stuck and had to be retried; ice machine on our floor was not working (other two floors had ice); phone jack at desk did not work. (We didn't request repair for any of these items before checkout.) Unless you are used to the concierge level of the Wynn or Venetian, you will be well satisfied with the Tuscany. Given availability and competitive prices we wil probably make this our base hotel in Las Vegas from now on.	
Sep 11 2006 	Very very nice	booked through expedia.com, GREAT PRICE. This hotel was VERY clean, the restaurants were very clean and nice, especially the restaurant in the lobby, Tuscany Gardens. As for the slots, well, if you put money into the slots and expect to win, your in fantasy land, I am not a gambler, I think any slot machine is rip off, not one is better than the other. I would definately recommend this hotel, rooms are very large and very clean, we were in room B219, I booked 3 rooms and the others with me were very satisfied, the desk people were not rude, very professional. Parking is great, the place is off the strip, if your healthy and can walk you can walk to Ballys but if your older with any ailment, it would be a long walk, we rented a van, so we were fine. For those who complain about pincher bugs and spiders, COME ONE, you have got to be kidding me, that made me laugh. Anyway , feel free to email me with questions, I travel a lot and this place would definately be on my list to go again!! I have an income that could easliy afford Bellagio/Ceasers, but why on earth would you pay $300+ per night and all you get is a bed????????????????????????????????????	
Sep 7 2006 	Good deal off the strip!	Stayed at this suite hotel over Labor Day weekend and was pleasantly surprised. We were allowed to check-in one hour early and it went smoothly and quickly. The rooms are very large and sparsely decorated. They could use some color on the walls and some better quality furniture. The bathroom was especially boring, although large with a separate bathtub and shower. Shower had little water pressure and was cheaply made. Beds were comfortable.Ate at Marilyn's and the staff was pleasant with adequate food for the price. Was able to walk to the strip from the hotel. Only gambled a little at the Tuscany Casino because several reviews on this site indicated the slots were tight. I immediately lost the money put into one machine and decided to heed reviewers reports. The place was definitely worth the price and I would stay again. I would make sure to stay again on the 3rd floor. Have a feeling other floors would hear footsteps above.Air conditioner worked well, however, kept turning on and off during the evening and was extremely loud as it did so. WAs a motel air conditioner.	
Sep 3 2006 	Hated It	There was absolutely nothing I liked about this hotel. The check in was quick but the worker was rude. The picture on the website was accurate but very deceptive. The beds were uncomfortable and falling apart. I killed a spider and pincher bug during my stay. The buildings were not secure at all on Saturday night when I got the feeling there was a party in every building. I would consider this a motel not a hotel. You won't see me back here and I will not recommend to anyone.	
Aug 20 2006	A real gem	I read through the reviews and decided they were complimentary enough to risk booking at the Tuscany Hotel. We needed just one night's stay before continuing on our journey through the Western States, and the Tuscany was one of the few we tried who didn't mind accommodating us on a Saturday night. We stayed in mid-July. Although we arrived very late we were treated courteously and efficiently by the desk clerk. The rooms were easy to find, although parking gave a us a few problems as every other guest had parked up for the night at a much more reasonable time. We went to have a quick look around the casino and it was much larger that I had expected, in fact the whole complex was much more spacious than I could have imagined. The slots were loose and I came away with an advantage, even though I didn't stay long as it was so late. My husband and I rose early and did some further exploring before we left. We decided that if we ever came back to Las Vegas at some time in the future, we would definitely book into the Tuscany Hotel again. The rooms were huge and very comfortable. There was a lovely pool complex and beautiful gardens. It took us 8 minutes to walk from our hotel room to 'back end' of Ballys, so don't be put off by the thought of not being on a hotel on the strip. If the idea of walking is totally abhorrent, a taxi would set you back just a few dollars, and that would be offset by all the money saved by not paying for the over-inflated prices charged by some of the well-known hotels on the strip. I've stayed in those (this was my 10th visit to Las Vegas) and the rooms at the Tuscany are much nicer. Go for it, you will probably return again and again to the Tuscany.	
Aug 20 2006 	las vegas hidden secret gem	just returned from spending a week in Las vegas staying at the Tuscany suites after researching customer reviews on Tripadvisor. The complex was easy to navigate with more than adequate facilities ,nice pool area ,rooms were clean and tidy and some of the largest we have stayed in,Not like most strip hotels staff were more than helpful , would almost have no problem staying there again ,thouroughly recommended.	
Aug 17 2006 	Great for a family	Just got back from Tuscany 8-15-06. I had been there last year for a convention with 2 friends. I had originally picked this hotel, because it wasn't a high rise. One friend can't ride elevators. Three levels is the highest each building has. She could still climb the stairs! We weren't in the room much , but it definitly was a great roomy room, with a big bathroom. So I decided to try it again with my family (6 &amp; 10 yr old). My husband actually liked it. The pool had plenty of lounge chairs, you didn't have to go and try and reserve one like other big hotels. Great pool side bar service, I think only on weekends. You can park your car right outside the building. Nice if you have lots to take to the room. (especially with kids) Nice big roomy gym, with a lap pool behind it. And a 5-8 min walk to strip.You are then at the corner of Ballys, Bellagio, Ceaser Palace &amp; Flamingo Hotels. We walked to Bellagio to see &quot;O&quot; (A must SEE!) You're definitely right by everything. Across the street from the Tuscany is Lawrys Restaurant.(our favorite) And quite a few more nice restaurants that you could easily drive or take alittle walk to.  I think the best thing about the Tuscany is , you just don't have the hassle of a huge hotel. (pool area, parking, casino, crowds) They have a nice Casino adjacent, but you never have to walk through it to get some where like most hotels. The only down falls is as stated before, the room is huge &amp; they have 2 DOUBLE beds(not queens)or 1 king &amp; they don't tell you that there are no utensils, plates or pans for the kitchenette.( I didn't notice last year) Doesn't make sense? How can you utilize the stove top?(with kids hungry all the time this is a plus) There are cups for the coffee machine &amp; the microwave is good &amp; a good size refrig. Plenty of cabinet space.(for food items) With a nice eating (kitchen) table. They need to inform people so they can take advantage of what's being offered. (but then maybe they want you to have to eat at their restaurants, hummm makes sense now!)  We walked around the corner to am/pm and got a box of spoons &amp; forks, drinks etc. We definitely will go back, and I have already recommeded Tuscany. ( I'll be prepared with all my supplies next time!)	
Aug 12 2006	Great Place	Because it was not on the Strip, we tried hard to find something wrong with this place. Nope, it is great. Will definitely stay there again. The room was huge, clean and well stocked. Ate a couple of times on site at Tuscany Gardens and Marilyn's Place, both were good, good service, reasonable prices. Casino was down the hall from hotel but you do not have to go there or even through there if you don't want. Pool is large and cool even though the outside temps were 106. Bus stops right in front provided easy access to the Strip, Fremont and Outlet Mall. ONLY weak spot we found was the concierge. Read any of the tourist magazines and you will get more information.	
Aug 6 2006 	Pleasant experience	We stayed at this property in June and found the experience to be pleasant. The good: The rooms are huge and clean. Great for a family. We could also park our car near the building. It was easy to get in and out of our rooms. We did not have to cut through the casino to do this. The pool wasn't the biggest but it was nice. The not so good: The rooms only have double beds (no queen beds). I can't figure this out because the rooms are huge. You can request a room with a fold out sofa bed though. Also, the location is not right on the strip. That is ok though, just drive and park in one of the other casinos.	
Aug 1 2006 	Excellent rooms good location	Located about two blocks from Caesars Palace, nice quiet resort away from the daily hustle and bustle of the strip albeit not too far away.Rooms very spacious and clean. Pool area not too busy and plenty of loungers available. Good bar service. Recommended for those on a budget and also with kids.	
Jul 27 2006 	Excellent	We booked and stayed 5 nights at the Tuscany. The rooms are huge, and with two children with us, it was great. The staff at the front desk were prompt and the bell staff helped us with Taxi's or Limo's efficiently. We basically used the hotel to sleep and relax in, and were out and about most of the day and evening.	
Jul 23 2006 	Great Deal Awesome Hotel	I don't really understand some of the bad reviews of The Tuscany that I have read. We arrived at 10 am. on a Saturday and the front desk staff was very friendly and helpful, they got us a room within minutes. When we arrived in our room we found that the beds had not been made and that the refrigerator was not working, there also was no microwave. I made a call to the frontdesk during what I'm sure is a very busy time of the day and it seemed like as soon as i hung up the phone the head housekeeper was at our door with a maitanence guy and they were very apologetic and fixed everything promptly.We stayed for 7 days and that was the only thing i could possibly complain about. Everything was very clean and we could not find a single cockroach, I was looking after reading a previous review! The food and service in the restaurants was GREAT! We ate at Ellis Island the 1st day and the food was not that good and the service was beyond terrible, however the beer was great.The casino is nice in the way that it is not even close to crowded and if you join the players club the points are very generous and add up VERY FAST! We had a room in the back of the property in L block and it was extremely quiet. over all I would strongly recomend The Tuscany you cant beat the value and if you do encounter problems you just deal with the staff in a civilized manner and they are very helpful and simpathetic to your needs.Bravo Tuscany!!!!	
Jul 20 2006 	fantastic hotel	I stayed here with my 2 adult daughters for 4 nights in July we arrived late at night and the staff were great we had a 1 bedroom suite at the front of the property it was huge and had a huge bathroom also just what you need for 3 ladies there was avery nice pool area with towels provided always plenty of sunbeds there was abit of a mixup with our check out date but the duty manager sorted it out and gave us complimentary breakfast for the inconvenience was just 5 mins walk to the strip opposite Caesars Palace ....would definately stay here again	
Jul 19 2006	Our Wedding	my husband and i went to vegas to get married. we wanted to make it as special and memorable as possible( it was). neither of us have ever been to las vegas before, but we knew we didn't want to stay at a mega property. we wanted something small, low-key, with grounds to walk...we like to walk holding hands( aahhh). we didn't want alot of noise, lights and glitz.... we wanted tranquil, elegant and peaceful...we got that and a reggae band by the pool. the room over looked the pool, it was spacious and very clean. the resturant's where good, the front desk very helpful ( i needed help with my veil... 10 minutes to the limo, i'm not ready , I scream down stairs for help and this wonderful girl came to the door, fixed my veil, told me i looked beautiful and sent me on my way . don't know her name but she's fifty bucks richer......) as for the casino...my only complaint is that the bartender that night almost ruined my dress by spilling my drink...very lucky man. he bought us around of drinks to apoligize and to congratulate us. the only gambling we did was on the roulette table, we played 24.....8/24/05 is our wedding day..i guess you could say we gambled on each other and a hotel we never saw....THE BEST TWO BETS I EVER MADE..AMB	
Jul 19 2006	Great Hotel. Would stay again.	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Tuscany June 22nd - June 26th.Arrived after 9pm, and had no problem checking in (the girl on reception was being trained at the time, but she did well - and didn't slow down check-in).Got a room in D block. Very large, very clean. Nice fixtures and fittings. Great bathroom. TV was nice and big with enough channels to keep us happy (just wanted news and World Cup action).D block is a little way from the main buildings and pool - but it wasn't a problem. Closer to getting to the Strip - especially in record breaking temps (112 degrees).Main building is nice. Good reception, nice little gift shop. Good enough restaurants etc.Pool was fine. Plenty of loungers available. Towels available etc.Nice landscaped gardens etc.Quick and easy journey to/from the airport.I would certainly stay at Tuscany again. Close enough to the Strip, but better for not having all the noise etc of staying on the Strip. To us, that was what we wanted.Cheers,Shane :-)	
Jul 18 2006	Loved it.	Stayed here at start of holiday and loved it so much stayed again at the end of it. Rooms were really big, we heard no noise and slept like babies. Room clean, bathroom had bath and shower and was really good size. Towels were perfectly fine. Hotel staff were friendly. pool area was great always clean and tidy, and always a sun bed if you could stand the heat.Would definately stay again and would recommend to friends for its convenience to the strip. Much better here than getting lost in the massive hotels on the strip and lots cheaper.Had its own casino but we did not use it. Also Grand Canyon is a must do and so is visit to the ranch and horse ride.	
Jul 14 2006	Good	Stayed here for 3 nights from 22 June to 25 June 2006. Hotel was better than we thought it would be.Check in went smoothly and our room was very big! No complaints at all about it,we were in Block C. Bar in hotel was very good and we also ate in the restaurant which was good too.Breakfast in Marilyn's was very good too! Pool and its area was nicely done with trees and grass and we had no trouble getting a lounger and it was great having a pool bar..Can't comment on casino although we did go in and have a look,always busy! Ideal location off Strip even though there was an excessive heat warning whilst we were there! Can also recommend Olives at the Ballagio for a meal which was superb! Hotel was good value for money,all staff were friendly,no complaints.Would recommend this hotel.	
Jul 14 2006	Attention Cheap Rooms With Bad Service	Me and a friend stayed at the Tuscany for 3 nights. The rooms are huge and a very reasonable price. They have a pool, a gym, and a casino, but who wants to use there casino when there are about 50 other casinos that are much better. We arrived kind of late around 9pm which was okay with the hotel staff. Check-in was a breeze, although the staff isn't very friendly. We were given a room in the D building which was like walking through a maze to get from the hotel lobby to your room. Once we finally made it to the room we walked and my first thought was OH MY GOD THIS ROOM IS HUGE!. My room however did not have a microwave, just a fridge with no utensils. It's about a 10 minutes to the strip, but when it's 100 degrees outside it kind of feels like a 30 minute walk. Of course you can cut through ballys to get to the north side of the strip, but if you want to go to the southside you have to bare the heat. We went to the pizza restaurant once and the staff was not very polite. No thank you no nothing. So after that one incident we decided to eat outside of the hotel. When it was time to check out we decided to keep the room until 6pm because our plane wasn't leaving until 10pm. So that cost us a extra 30 bucks, which isn't that bad. So we went to walk the strip and came back around 4pm and the key wouldn't work. So I had to go stand in the long line to get the situation straightened out. I would never stay at this hotel again. If your really broke and looking for a extra cheap hotel then stay here but other then that I would recommend a hotel on the strip.	
Jul 10 2006	Good for the budget traveler but be wary	This hotel is a 2-3 star hotel - a budget hotel with spacious grounds. The rooms are large. The grounds immense. Decorations are simple and the grounds manicured. Though both are showing signs of wear. The resort is just a short walk to the strip - Bally's. For the price, it could be a nice stay for the budget traveler especially those with a family or looking to stay out of the casino/hotels. Free parking close to your room is a plus compared to the distance you have to walk in the large hotels. (As posted earlier - leave your stuff in the car, go check-in, then drive to the parking area near your room.)Our stay was filled with problems. First we were sent to a room that was locked or would not open - right next to the elevator. You could feel the floor rumbling as the elevator moved. We trucked all our stuff back to the lobby (thank goodness we were traveling light) and were told they would send someone up to see why we could not get in - it might take a while. I asked for another room instead of waiting - away from the elevator (I remember reading someone else's review about the noise residing next to the elevator). We were able to get in to our room (not in the same building as before but not near the elevator) but it was not made up. A call to guest services - we could either change rooms again or housekeeping would be sent. We opted for the former - housekeeping was completed within the hour. The rooms are large including the bathroom. It was nice to have a separate shower and tub. There is a kitchenette but no supplies - sort of defeats the purpose of having a stove in the room but the fridge, microwave and coffee pot ( there were no cups other than plastic cups in the bathroom) could be helpful to most travelers. Although neat, the place needs a deep cleaning and maintenance. My feet were black from walking barefoot on the carpet and things like hooks to hang towels were loose. Some of the towels were stained and had hair stuck to them -though you could tell they had been washed. The lampshades kept falling down when we touched the lamps but they were quickly righted - held on with magnets. The TV has very few channels (about 6) so traveling with kids could be a problem. We did have a non-smoking room which really was smoke-free. The walls were thin - you could here surrounding noise but luckily the buildings are small and there is not a lot of traffic in the hall or outside between the buildings. The lobby is smokey since the bar is right night to the entrance and reception desk.We did not use the restaurants, the pool or the gym. The casino was not crowded and we were able to pay a long time on the machines on the initial wagers with little money lost. I cashed out at around my initial wager from boredom after nearly 1/2-1 hour of playing on the same machine (a few times).On checkout my bill contained a charge that we did not make. The rep who initially &quot;helped&quot; me indicated it would take about 20+ minutes to sort out and did I still want to dispute it (and wait). That answer was completely unacceptable to me and I asked to speak with the manager. The supervisor quickly zeroed out my account indicating accounting would pull the receipt to match the signature and sort it out - I did not have to wait. Unknown if this will be a problem - too soon to tell. We will not be staying here again. However for those who want a motel near the strip at a very affordable price for Vegas - this is a good deal with all the budget motels and hotels disappearing - especially such a close walk to the center of the strip. There are many people who have had great vacations here from the reviews and they did address our problem with check-in however they should not have occurred in the first place.	
Jul 6 2006	fantastic stay	Stayed here with my kids and parents for 6 nights and had a fantastic experience! The layout of the facility is beautiful, lots of green grass and tropical trees. Inside the lobby it is also very pretty. For the most part, the service was great- lots of friendly people. Rooms are huge, check-in was a breeze- they even let us check in at 11 am. Pool was very nice. I would definately stay here again- no complaints at all!	
Jul 5 2006	OK Hotel Depends on What you Want	I stayed one night at the Tuscany Suite on 7/2/06 because the other hotel we had was booked. Tuscany Suites is 2 long blocks from the Strip...not far walking distance but could be miserable if it is very hot. The rooms are huge, in fact I think they are unnecessarily big. There is alot of unused space in the main living area and in the bathroom. If you are travelling with children or alot of luggage the space will be good. The rooms have a coffee maker, a small fridge and a microwave. But there are no utencils or glasses, just 2 plastic cups. The rooms are the linens in the room are plain, think HoJo. But for the price, it is what I expected.The pool is smaller than the picture looked. There were not enough seats or lounge chairs at the pool. I had asked the front desk for one, but they said all of them where already out. So my husband and I could not lay by the pool. There where alot of splashing children in the pool too, so we did not want to sit in it and relax. There is a bar by the pool, but it was not open, which suprised me since it was a holiday weekend. The room was fine for one night. I would not want to stay there for any extended period of time, but for a night or 2 it was OK. There was wireless internet access in the rooms, but you had to pay 9.95 for 24 hours. There is a rather large gym, which I used and a lap pool. We ate at the pizza place for lunch, and it was not very good. We gambled at the casino (Played craps) and won some money. The casino is nice in that it is cheap and not crowded. So in summary, if you need an economical and clean place to stay, this hotel is good. If you are looking for a resort type atmosphere, this is not the place to go.	
Jul 2 2006	good stay for a great price	We just returned from a 6 night stay at the Tuscany and I can say that I would recommend it to those who want to stay “off the strip” for a great price. The room was HUGE! The photos on the home page of this site are accurate of the room’s size.As far as checking in, we arrived on a Sunday afternoon. There was no line or any problems. However, we were given a handicap accessible room. There were no signs on the door, but it had a fold-up seat and hand shower in the tub. It also had a walk-in shower. The toilet was in the open in the bathroom, not in a separate room as described by others. BUT, the room was clean and nice.We were in Building “A” which is the closest to the corner of the property by the roadway. Our walk to the strip took 15 minutes. That was to the corner of Flamingo &amp; L.V. Blvd. It took 11 minutes to get to the rear doors of Bally’s and walk thru their air conditioned casino. Bally’s is also connected to the Paris casino and you can use their a/c to get a little further down the strip.The sidewalk between the Tuscany and Koval is closed due the construction of the Platinum, but there is space to safely walk along the roadway behind the large orange cones. We did it over &amp; over. I missed the bus stop across the street, but there is one between Koval &amp; Bally’s coming back toward the Tuscany.The casino at the Tuscany is not recommended. The waitress service in non-existent. I had to stage a “sit-in” at the roulette table to get a drink. I was the only one there! I told the dealer that I wasn't playing until the waitress came by and brought me a drink. The casino floor manager came over after the dealer called him, and he got a waitress from another station to bring me a drink after I threatened to cash out and go elsewhere.As others have said, don’t miss the Ellis Island Casino next door on Koval. They have their own brewery and their beers are great. I liked the light beer the best; however the amber ale was very good. And, they have their own brewed Root Beer. I know, you didn’t go to Vegas to drink a Root Beer, but it’s good anyway. The waitresses at Ellis Island make a pass about every 5 minutes, so order a light and a root beer! Be sure to tip her! You can belly up to the bar and get the same beers for only $1 anytime. Their steak special (10 oz sirloin $4.95) is really good. We were in town 6 days and ate it 3 times! Get there before 6pm or the wait is very long. We waited 1 hour &amp; 15 mins once, 30 mins, then went for lunch and was seated immediately. I won at their video blackjack machine every time we went there (while waiting &amp; drinking their great beer) and basically ate free! I didn’t try their BBQ, but it sure smelled good and the line was long. Others complained about the service at the Tuscany. I had to get security to come open the safe so that I could use it. It took them about 5 minutes to get to the room from the time I called. We also had a problem with the door entering the bldg. We walked to the front desk and by the time we made it back to the room, security was there resetting the door lock. I have no complaints about their service.My wife is very cold natured. We would at times turn the room a/c off to get the room to warm up. We were on the 1st floor and that may have contributed to that. We would turn it on after she was comfortable and it would cool the room down very fast.We ate the after midnight special at Marilyn’s. The waitress wasn’t a happy camper and was fairly grumpy. She walked up to the table and sarcastically said “I guess you want the special”. The food was ok. We got a 6oz steak, 2 eggs &amp; hash browns for $2.99.We didn’t make it to the workout room (HA!) so I didn’t see the lap pool. We did go to the outside pool one day and it was nice. The “hot tub” next to it had powerful jets and the water was hot. We did not eat at any of the other restaurants at the Tuscany, nor did we go to the bar, so I can't comment on them.I would probably return to the Tuscany if I go back to Vegas. It was a good stay for a great price.Mark S.Baton Rouge, LA	
Jun 27 2006	Like cockroaches and unhelpful staff?	This is our third stay at the tuscany. The first couple of times we had no problems since the hotel was new and they were trying to get established and develop a good reputation. This third visit was a major disappointment. Our first night's stay, after coming back from a night out in Vegas, we saw a disease infested cockroach running around in the livingroom area. We called the front desk to notify of our concerns and request to change rooms, however, only got the operator who said would relay the message to the front desk and send someone out. Never got a call back nor did anyone come to our suite. Since it was late, the front desk was a far walk from our suite and we were so tired, we decided to just wait until the morning. I took a shower the next morning and what do you know? I've got company! Another cockroach that was even bigger than the one I saw the night before. It was crawling all over my toiletries and luckily I saw it before picking it up. Ok, so now I was grossed out, upset that they have no cares about their guests, and had to complain again...My friend called the front desk 3 times to complain, spoke with the lady who would speak with the manager onsite named Juan, but each time they would have to call us back. The manager did not want to speak with us at all. No progress was being made, we're supposed to be on vacation, can't go about our day because of this issue, and 2 hours have passed. I finally called a fourth time, got Juan the manager, and he didn't seem to want to attend to our concerns. I insisted that we be compensated somehow for the inconvenience and he said he would just transfer me back to the front desk to change rooms, but instead hung up on me! That was really unprofessional and rude of him! Never even got an apology!A good reputation is very important especially when it comes to business and customer service. Tuscany has such a bad reputation now, they don't care about their customers if there are any concerns or problems and the rooms are not as clean as they used to be. They will be hearing from the department of health soon.Just read some of the past complaints and the one I've written and hope you'd reconsider about staying here. If you're on vacation, you expect at least decent service. I just takes one wrong thing to happen and if they don't even want to be of help, you're vacation is ruined! All I can say is that when I complained at check out, one of the employees, who was the only one I could really get to comprehend us, agreed with me that we should have been compensated well, most other hotels would just comp. you for the evening as well as change rooms ASAP for the inconvenience. He thinks the manager was poor in his dealings with our concerns. That tells me alot about the management there. Tuscany won't last if they keep it up.	
Jun 22 2006	Great stay	Stayed here for 3 nts and loved it. Huge room with refridgerator and coffee maker (unusual for Las Vegas). Short walk to the Strip or use the CAT bus.	
Jun 14 2006 	Improving but the price is creeping up	This is the third time I've stayed at this hotel. It's improved a bit since last year. I think the management has changed, and that's a good thing.In the rooms, they've given up on the kitchenette. That makes sense, because they never gave you pots, pans, dishes, or utensils. The bar sink, fridge, and microwave remain, as does the coffee pot.The empty space in the casino has been filled in with more stuff. The comedy club that was shuttered last year has been replaced with a poker room. They gave up on trying to do &quot;shows&quot; - noone comes to the Tuscany to see a show. There's a new sports bar with lots of TV's and friendly service.There's $3 blackjack most of the time, although it's multiple deck. Cocktail service in the casino is spotty. Some people can get drinks, but I never seem to be able to.The awful buffet line is gone from the coffee shop, and it's being replaced with a counter. The coffee shop has gotten a coat of paint. The service is spotty - most mornings, the breakfast crew was overwhelmed by the number of guests.The rooms remain well furnished, and are some of the largest I've ever stayed in. The comments below about reserving a non-smoking room and getting a smoking room are on target, as that happened to me. My room's air conditioning unit squeaked a lot and didn't cool well. They've added WiFi for a fee and it worked great.In a nutshell: this hotel is improving, and is usually a good value. The rates are creeping up, however. This hotel is a bargain under $100/night. Over $100/night, I'd rather stay somewhere else.	
Jun 5 2006	Okay...	Arrived at Tuscany to a front desk with 2 people working and a line. Was informed no more non smoking rooms were available (which we booked a month in advance) and was given a handicaped non-smoking room. Did not have microwave or stove as stated so we had to request a microwave. The room overall was okay, carpet a bit stained and a ring around the tub, but otherwise good. The cable .... leaves a lot to be desired...maybe 10 channels and no HBO. The carry out was very reasonable and the food was tasty. Casino workers were friendly for the most part, especially the ones behind the bar. :)	
May 31 2006	Excellent Choice!!	We just return from a fantastic week at the Tuscany Suites. As everybody indicated, it is the best secret in Vegas. The hotel is close to the Strip so you can walk but it also has a bus stop in front of the hotel for those who prefered transportation. The rooms are huge and the hotel has all the facilities. My only complaint is for the Marylin's Cafe (the only 24 hrs dinner at the hotel) that did not have enough people to support the mid-night crowd. Other than that the place is excellent for those who wants to be close enough to the srtrip without the crowds, noise, etc. that the strip has.	
May 30 2006	Perfect Hide Away	We had a party of about 30 people. I could not ask for a nicer place. You don't even have to leave the Tuscany everything is right there. Good food, clean pools,nice casino,bars,exercise building and lap pool.Parking was a breeze ,no long walks to get to your room.Beautiful landscapeing lots of trees. Everything was clean. The rooms are large enough to live in. Its more like staying at a condo.I will never stay anywhere else unless I win a free trip. One tip do not place your Key card near your cell phone or any other card it will erase ,They need to hand out plastic covers to keep them in. Mine erased 3 times and it was embarressing trying to get into the building and my room at 3am.	
May 29 2006	Horrible Accomodations	We had reserved a non smoking 2 double beds room and altough we were amomng the first ones to check in, we ended up with a smoking King bed. The worst part is that the staff at the front desk would lie to you boldly and tell you thatt these rooms are non smoking. They wait till you check the room and then agree that this is a smoking room. We were a party of four families and they played that game with all of us. We all ended up in different corners of the hotel in spite of being the first ones in line. It was very disappointing and we had paid over $200 a nite which is pricey for this hotel. (This was Memorial Weekend). We would never stay there again...	
May 24 2006	Budget plus	I just past a week as a guest, for a reduced budget this hotel is a plus, a big room with a huge bathroom, separate toilette, shower and a bathtub. A little kitchen with a microwave, with no utensils, quiet. A very friendly staff, very quick check in and out.You must have a car, just from the street to your room you have to walk, but I have a car...Very grateful finding, I am going back again.	
May 22 2006	Great value	Stayed at the Tuscany Suites for a week (30th April) with a group of 13.It was ideal for our group as the hotel is small compared to most in Vegas which meant that it was easy for us to meet up and bump into each other.For those on a budget its a great choice, unlike most hotels you don't have to go through the Casino to get to your room which is a definite plus. 10 min alk to the strip.The rooms are large, clean and comfortable - our wardrobe doors were broke but we didn't bother to report it, rooms which are nearest the road can be noisy - especially if you are trying to catch up on sleep!Theres a small but attractive pool and Marilyns cafe was a godsend - open 24hrs and reasonably priced.Concierge was very helpful when booking Grand Canyon trips and got us a good discount.Grand Canyon is a must - we were recommended a company called Maverick - we were told safety is high on their list so we decided to go with them - you can get cheaper but it was worth the extra money.We went for the trip that lands in the canyon then brings you back over the strip at sunset fabulous!!!!Another great venue is the Voodoo lounge 51 floors up 0 an open air club on top of the Rio Hotel well worth a visit!If you want to blow the budget book a table at The Mix at Mandalay Bay - ask for a table outside and be there for sunset - amazing food, service and venue(but not cheap - about $120 each)	
May 21 2006	Would stay again	Just spent 4 nights at the Tuscany. Big room with a fridge and microwave &amp; stove There are no utensils or cutlery in the room so come prepared. Stayed in N block which is right at the back of the complex. Top floor room got very warm and airconditioner was too noisy to have on while sleeping. That for me was the only negative. There is a 7/11 around the corner, a grocery store down the block and Ellis Island casino next door does a great steak deal for $4.95 that is not on the menu.. just ask. I didnt try any of the restaurants at Tuscany. The walk to the block is no big deal. Its one block to the back of Ballys, to either walk through the casino in the airconditioning to the strip or to catch the Monorail. To me it felt the same distance as walking to my room from the front desk. The latest I walked back from the strip was 10pm but there were alot of people around and I felt safe. Front desk helpful and there is Internet access on site in the business centre although it may be cheaper to go to a Internet cafe it was handy to have there. It was nice to get away from the masses of people on the strip. The hotel hosts alot of meetings and conventions. Would stay there again next time I am in Vegas.	
May 15 2006	Nice hotel near the strip	I needed an inexpensive hotel room near the strip and Tuscany Suites proved to be an excellent choice. The resort is only a few years old and the rooms are huge. I would classify Tuscany Suites as a high class budget property. There are about 10 buildings within the complex, each three floors, looks similar to a nice condo complex. For those with a car, you can park near your room without having to walk through the casino. The room I stayed in had a small fridge, microwave, sink, and grill. The only drawback to Tuscany Suites is that the walls are rather thin. If you are a light sleeper you might want to sleep on the top floor. And its too far to walk from Tuscany to the strip during the hot summer months. But overall, if you don't need to be on the strip at one of the megaresorts, Tuscany Suites is an excellent alternative.	
Apr 29 2006	Great Rooms off the strip!	We travel to Vegas about once a month and love the Tuscany. The rooms are large, the pool is great and it's easy to get to. The strip is only about a mile away. Great restraunts across the street (Try Bahama Breeze). Definately a great price and a great casino. They just put in a poker room too!	
Apr 7 2006	Lovely accomodation	I have recently returned from staying at the Tuscany Suites for a week, and can say I thought it fantastic for the price. As it was so cheap I was expecting it to be either rather small, rather run down and the rooms a bit grotty!!!! However it was none of these things, the rooms were fantastic we got a room with 2 double beds in it (and there was only 2 of us) it was so big. If I had to struggle to find something negative to say it would be that there was no dishes or cutlery etc (but knew this anyway). The pool area was lovely, plenty of sun loungers, sun &amp; shaded areas, jacuzzi was lovely!Again the only slight down side was that the hotel was a distance from the strip (although it was nearer than I thought it was going to be). I had read that it was just not quite walking distance to the strip. As someone who HATES walking it definately was walking distance, it took us about 15 minutes to get from our room (was at the back) up to Bally's (and I don't walk fast!!!)I would definately recommend this hotel	
Apr 4 2006	Nice hotel terrible service	We stayed at the Tuscany as part of a large group. Upon arrival at around 7PM we were told that we had no reservation. After supplying a valid confirmation number I was told that their computers crashed the day I made the reservation and they had no record of it. They did give us a room at the group rate we had been promised, but when I made the original reservation I requested two double beds because we had four people staying. The room they gave us was a king room and had a single bed. This is when the problems started. My wife called the front desk, was told that rooms are on a first come first served basis and there were no double rooms left. Although we had reserved two double beds we had not previously been &quot;assigned&quot; a room and therefore could not have a double room. They say this is standard practice; however others in our group that came after us were given double bed rooms. My wife then requested to talk to the night manager and was transferred to his voicemail. She hung up, called the front desk again and was greeted by the same employee who was laughing and carrying on a separate conversation. She explained that she was trying to contact the night manager and had just been transferred to his voicemail. The employee laughed and told her that the manager was right there and gave the phone to him. After some pressure the night manager said he would send us a rollaway bed. We complained that one rollaway would still leave one of our daughters to sleep on the floor. After he refused to do anything else for us and hung up I walked to the front desk (we were in one of the remote buildings, it was a long walk) to talk to the manager face to face. He then told us he'd be sending a &quot;full size rollaway&quot; but could not send two; it would be against fire code. When the rollaway arrived it was a twin size bed. When I called the front desk to complain they refused to answer the phone, I left it ringing for 10 minutes and no answer. I called from my cell phone, one ring to an operator, two rings to the front desk. Apparently they didn't care to talk to us. I was told that another bed would be sent immediately and would be in our room in 15 minutes. By this time it was after 8:30PM and my children were hungry. We waited 25 minutes then went to dinner. Upon returning from dinner around 10PM we found no bed had been delivered. Again I called the front desk, no answer. I walked to the front desk and was told that the bed was requested and would be requested again. At 10:30PM we received the second bed (and apparently violated fire code for the rest of our stay). The morning we checked out I voiced my concerns to the person checking us out; she didn't seem to care and told me to fill out a comment card. She would not give me information regarding the hotel owner/operator, only the name of the front desk manager and a flyer with the address where I should send the comment card. This is a nice hotel, big spacious rooms, nice facilities and the Mexican restaurant has good food and an excellent staff. It's unfortunate that the employees at the hotel do not care to help their guests and go out of their way to cause problems. I thought for sure the day staff would be concerned at the behavior of their night staff but they seemed to think it was business as usual. In a place like Vegas where there are so many places to stay you'd think service would be important to them but apparently it's not.	
Mar 5 2006 	Excellent deal for the price	Just stayed here for a week and the worst thing I can say is that the pillows were uncomfortable. The room was great-very large-2 doubles, kitchenette w/eating area/couch and chairs/very large bathroom w/separate tub/shower/toilet area. Had our choice of floors-we took 2nd-Bldg C. Cleaning staff was very good, desk people very helpful, the guys ourside the front door almost too helpful as they take your bags as soon as you hit the door or get in the car. Good answering questions. It's about a 15 minute walk to the strip but bus from Bally's ($1.25) to the hotel. From the hotel to strip little trickier as the bus picks up on opposite side of highway and to get across at a crosswalk (a must do) you have to walk up or down a block. Not a bad walk though you do have to cross 2 very busy roads-just use the crosswalk and go with the lights. Monorail stop at strip straight up from the hotel. Ate here a couple of times and food was average but acceptable. Won big at the casino but person I was with only won small. Luck of the draw. Lots of tables and slots. Good coupon book when you sign up for players card. Would highly recommend unless you want to be right on the strip. The walk up from the hotel puts you right in the middle of the strip action. Would gladly answer questions about Tuscany.	
Feb 27 2006	Don't Understand the Hype	We stayed at the Tuscany during President's weekend. We did get a great rate of $89 per night. (Sunday - Monday nights.) But, while we got a great rate, the room was just OK. The bed was worn, the bathroom had loose floor tiles, and the bathtub had seen better days. Overall, the room was what I would call mostly clean. There was a refrigerator and a hot plate. But, there were no dishes, pans, or utensils of any type.The location is a comfortable ten minute walk to the strip. With a major construction project going on next door, the street feels less safe than it probably is.It has been years since I stayed at a hotel on the strip, so maybe my perspective is different than many of the other reviewers. But, I think the hotel is a great deal when the strip is crowded and expensive and a no so great deal when you can get a reasonable price right on the strip.The room was quiet, despite seeing a large number of teens running around the halls. We would stay at the Tuscany again, but as a bargain, not as a wonderful choice.	
Feb 25 2006	tuscany was tops!!!!	my girlfriend and i wanted to stay in a hotel away from the hustle and bustle of the strip and the tuscany was the best priced hotelthe room was huge had everything we needed the bathroom facilities were great and the room was nice and clean everydaywent into the casino a couple of times but we aren't big gamblersthe concierge was lovely she helped us with our trip to the grand canyon was real helpfuli'd recommend this place to everyone real nice place	
Feb 24 2006	Great hotel for the price!	I've stayed at the Tuscany several times because it is an absolute great hotel for the price. Although I think that more and more people are starting to discover it because it is often now booked on the weekends. This was not the case a little less than a year ago. Regardless, if you are on a budget and are able to get a room here, the rates are usually around $129 on weekends and between $39 - $59 during the week! I get those prices from travel sites like Expedia. The rooms are huge, clean, and nice. It feels more like a condo. than a hotel, so forget feeling that Vegas nostalgia while you're there. Still, well worth the money and very friendly as well. I am staying there again next week, my boyfriend and I are going to Vegas for Mardi Gras!	
Feb 9 2006 	Clean 	My hubby and I stayed at the Tuscany from 2/4/06 through 2/8/06. We enjoyed every minute. It was superbowl weekend and the Strip was PACKED.It was very nice to be able to get away from the conjested feeling of the Strip. The Tuscany is close enough to walk to the Strip yet far enough away to be comfortable. We ate at the Steakhouse at Camelot in Excalibur, Smith and Wollensky and the Tuscany Gardens Restaurant (inside the Tuscany) and both my husband and I agreed that Tuscany Gardens had the best steak and the best prices! A couple of travelers commented that they couldn't understand the workers at the Tuscany and although alot of their accents are &quot;thick&quot; they were all EXTREMELY nice to us and went out of their ways to accomodate our needs. We will definately stay here again in the future!	
Feb 7 2006	Different	Stayed at this resort, 2/3 - 2/5/06. Picked this place because I was staying with my mother and soon to be sister-in-law. Came up for the weekend to make wedding reception arrangements at Excalibur and to have a little fun. Didn't realize until after booking that it was Superbowl weekend....strip very crowded. This is a nice place, more resort looking with individual 3 story buildings. Reminded me of a timeshare. We arrived early from our flight about 9:30 am....asked if a room was available but fully expected to just check our stuff with valet until after 2pm. They had a room available. Unfortunately, it was in the &quot;south 40&quot; as the farthest building from the lobby, pool, casino... We didn't really care but when we got to the room the door wouldn't open. The light was green but no matter how hard we pushed it was like it was dead bolted from the inside. So we decided to hoof it back to the lobby. We told the front desk lady that the door wasn't opening and told her it was like someone might still be in there. She said that she would send security with us back to the room?!!!!!??? I told her that &quot;no I dont' think so and that I shouldn't be subjected to confronting someone who might still be in the room&quot;! In any case, we asked to be moved up closer to the lobby and that we would be back in the afternoon to check it. We walked to Ballys (strip)...not too bad for 2 blocks. Ballys had pretty loose slots. I hit $260 quarter jackpot...not too bad for the first 10 minutes I was there. After Bally's, Paris and Excalibur, we made our way back to the Tuscany to try and get our room. They were able to accomodate us in the &quot;H&quot; building, which is the one directly behind the pool and closest to lobby, resturants, bar and casino. We had a good view of the pool and grounds. Rooms very spacious. The room had 2 queens and was supposed to be a couch bed but wasn't so they sent up a roll away at no charge. There was a refrigerator and coffee maker but no microwave. I'm sure they would of sent one up if we asked because I think the rooms are supposed to have them. Since we only were here for 2 days, didn't bother asking. All in all, I would stay here again. Everyone very friendly except one of the girls at front desk and the lady working in gift shop. Oh, special mention to the two guys working the bar Friday night, you both were the best and we had fun sitting there.	
Jan 19 2006	Friendly Casino Staff	Stayed at this casino/hotel January 2006. Casino staff were very friendly, especially at the black jack tables. Price of food in the 24 hour cafe was very reasonable. Rooms were large and clean except the shower had mold in the tile grout. There is no shuttle to the strip. Best to have a rental car. You could walk to the strip but it is two very long blocks away. We were on the first floor; could hear people walking and moving about on second floor. Suggest you request top floor so you won't have to deal with the noise. Reasonable price.	
Jan 8 2006 	Easy Camping	Finally got around to writing the review now that it's post holiday. Accommodations were very nice. Staff try and make an effort to accommodate. Can't give excellent rating since this is not a full service hotel but it is well above average expectations for an extended stay type of hotel.Thanks to reviews on Trip Advisor, we were prepared for our stay. Brought a messkit for easy cooking in the kitchen. Hopped over to the corner gas/marts for snacks and easy cook stuff. Brought own hot drink mixes and &quot;add water&quot; breakfast kits so getting a quick breakfast in the morning made things fast and easy.Got convenient bus pass ($5? buy on board) and hopped aboard across the street. I agree with other reviewers that food at the resort is not something I want to spend money on. One crusty dry dinner at $30 each person was enough money wasted. Service was excellent but it doesn't satisfy hunger. Nor can I recommend the less than average packaged lunches from the breakfast shop. First bus stop at the Flamingo down the road and Caeser's are way better food options plus they have very pretty exotic birds to look at. The Paris casino seemed most moderate and convenient for an insomniac like me to get excellent crepes and french fare at any hour. Bus passes are good for 24 hours. If you eat at their streetside restaurant, outdoor seating gets you a front row view of the Bellagio fountains which was fantastic at night. Only 2-3 repeats of the same song during the company's 4 hour french dinner. Plus the human wildlife parading past on the sidewalks once nightlife starts kicking in is fairly interesting.Enjoyed the large suite and kitchenette. Pool was fine and jacuzii had wide range of jets and plenty of room. I recommend sport towels. Pool towels were quite rough and thin. Rooms are spacious, separate bath areas convenient and well lit. Having an upstairs apt/suite was great except for some construction for the first day in the hallway. The adjacent building under construction started their workday at 4am. After the first time, attitude was if you can't beat them, join them. Hence early morning exploration of the Paris casino since sleeping was out of the question. Since many of the casinos have a virtual outdoor theme, one can always pretend to be in some other country while taking in the amusement factor.Staff was friendly and accommodating. Overheard many guests note one or two things that needed fixing which the staff took care of although some required 2-3 attempts like keys in our building. Got to know neighbors since we had to help each other get into the building when keys didn't work.:+) hahahha. Only people who were actually rude were other guests trying to market their products while I was waiting in the lobby. This is not the Ritz, it's an extended stay hotel so guests should be able to manage for themselves to a certain extent. If you have a problem, then at least let staff know how they can help you resolve the problem. Bring a mess kit $5 to $10 or a microwavable kit $2 if you want to use the kitchenette. It can always be disposed or donated to a friend at the end of your stay. Note to Newbies, never use styrofoam to heat food in the microwave. Our stay here was for business with a little time off. I'd like to return and use this as a base of exploration. There is beatiful canyon country to explore within 20-45 minutes drive, tons of virtual exploration adventures within the city and other entertainment. One place close by lets people experience parachuting without having to jump out of a plane. Basically, a guest hovers over a jet engine so it feels like falling but it's safe.If you just want to experience dizziness, take in the 3D movies (10 min) at the M&amp;M Factory/Store Museum. Their rolling barrel of M&amp;Ms that you walk through to get to the theater is loads of tizzy dizzy fun. There were three very more than happy ladies singing and having a great time during my visit. It was a nice stop before returning to the hotel on the bus.Next time, an internet car rental will be taken care of first. During our stay here, a city event jacked up car rentals to 300% of normal pricing. That made us change plans to explore the canyon country since car rental was not practical. The hotel has a direct line to an airport rental agency which will pick up guests. Prices changed hourly. Alternatives are to hop over to the Flamingo down the very long block and rent a car directly from them and avoid airport tax.	
Jan 6 2006	No Problems Great Hotel	Just got round to writing this review. Tuscany suites is one of those hotels where you can laze by the pool and relax or if you want take a 15 minute walk down to the strip.(not advisable in July use the CAT buses that pick-up outside the hotel on the other side of the road. I booked my hotel over the internet, when we arrived the staff were welcoming and everything i asked for when booking was provided. The rooms are large and of a satisfactory standard. However, some cutlery and plates would be have been helpful. The pool area is well maintained and clean and the water temperature is inviting. The only real downside for me was the distance from the strip but using the bus helped overcome this problem. The Tuscany Suites was a real suprise for the cost. Natural Born Claret	
Dec 28 2005	Great place to stay	My family and I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights in Dec. 2005. We stayed in a room with a kitchenette. The rooms are twice as big as rooms in other hotels. The bathroom had a separate shower room. The facility looks more like an apartment complex and may be a couple of years old. It is about a mile from the strip and behind Bally's, so it is conveniently located. The staff were OK -- not very friendly, but they get you in and out with no hassles. The facility has 24 hour room service, a restaurant and a swimming pool. We used none of them. The pool might get busy in summer months. If you want to gamble, the casino is right downstairs.There were some small problems in our room. First, the burners in the kitchen didn't work. But, someone was sent quickly and he fixed it. The TV remote had dead batteries, so remote didn't work. The wardrobe sliding door came out of the railing, when I tried to close it. All these in a relatively new facility :-)Its spaciousness and proximity to the strip are unbeatable. We'll definitely stay there again.	
Dec 28 2005	Tuscany - LV Best Kept Secret 15 Min Walk from Strip	The Tuscany is a great place to stay if you want Excellent Accomodations and are willing to walk 15 minutes to the Strip along a busy and well litroad ( Flamingo Blvd ).All the rooms are suites and are huge.Room rates are usually reasonable.Check-in has always been easy, no mile long lines.They have a fitness building, not just a room with some exercise equipment stuffed in it. I saw people swimming in the outdoor pool in December, although I didn't bother checking the water temp.The Casino is large and generally less busy than themajor strip properties. So if you want to have a chance of finding a $ 5 Blackjack table at night, this is a good place to look. They also have good rules for BJ ( 4 deck shoe, Surrender available ).The food at the Mexican Cantina inside the Casino is good. But if you want a great steak, Ellis Island is a short walk away and they have the best steak special in town ( EI is a locals casino, so don't expect fancy there ).	
Dec 27 2005	Big Rooms Nice location Close to restaurants	The hotel is located just a block and a half from the strip. Not quite walking distance but a quick drive down Flamingo Drive.Pros:HUGE rooms! It was a nice suite with a eating area, a wet bar and coffee maker, sofa area to sit and read/relax, a huge bathroom with a separate tub/shower/toilet area... even a medicine cabinet next to the sink to &quot;hide&quot; your toiletries, and ample dresser, closet area.Located across the hotel is the famous Lawry's prime rib restaurant and a bunch of other fine dining places.Plenty of parking, and even many close to your room.Cons:Ok, here's the reason why I didn't give it an &quot;excellent&quot;. The front desk staff was rather clueless, but found out from another staff member that their turnover rate is quite high. Most staff members stay around 1 to 2 years, then leave. So to get accurate information is a 50-50 chance.Thin walls! I was in room 103 near the front entrance. I could hear people running up and down the hall, the people upstairs walking (Sounded like they were jumping) and even the people getting ice from the machine. When people opened the door to get into the building, you can hear the door slaming. If you get a ground floor, ask for either upstairs. Lucky, I am a sound sleeper.Even though the suite had a &quot;kitchen&quot; area, the cupboards were bare. If you wanted a plate or cutlery, stop at the market and buy some disposable ones. It was a waste to give such a big kitchen cabinet but nothing to offer but 2 foam cups and 2 water cups, and a bucket for ice. The fridge was nice to store things but again, no utensils to eat with, so if you had &quot;Take out&quot; food, you could store it but not heat or eat it.Misc: Housekeeping: We were in the room when the maid knocked; NOrmally if they see you in the room, they'd come back. NOt this girl. She walked in and started cleaning, as we were trying to escape. I dont think she noticed we were in the room!Bathroom: They provided a medley of towels but they are tiny. Mind the tile in the morning... brrr! They are cold to walk on.Marilyn's Cafe: Whatever you do, do not eat the buffet! Order off the menu! Overall a great price and nice hotel. Rooms were great, and they now offer room service. Even if they did not, their cafe is right inside the casino and its opened 24-7	
Dec 20 2005	Stay away from this hotel!	I am writing this to warn others who are contemplating about staying at this hotel to please reconsider. I booked a suite in this hotel through a third party, and it looked like a great deal. Once I flew out there, though, the Tuscany desk people tried to tell me they ran out of rooms, even though I had made reservations a MONTH ahead, had my confirmation record, and everything -- and they had it on record, too! I made quite a fit, and they somehow found a vacant room, the exact size I wanted (even though they kept emphasizing that they had no rooms)! The service (if you can call it that) was horrible -- the staff were SO unfriendly and SO unprofessional and very indifferent about what they were doing to me! Anyway, after several DAILY calls and confrontations with the hotel people, they finally got things straightened out. Or so I thought! It is almost Christmas right now, so over 6 months since my horrible Vegas hotel experience, and they just placed a $370.00 fraudulent charge on my card. I paid my May bill in full and got a receipt for that, and I received no other contact from them, so I know I don't owe them money. I've tried contacting them, and you know what!?!? These people don't like picking up the phone, and they certainly won't do it if there is an issue. They haven't gotten back to me when I leave messages, either. This is just simply fraud! And moreover, I am surprised they kept my card on record all these months. That is scary! I've never heard of such bogus behavior before. I'd advise people to save your nerves and save your money; trust me, this was NO deal! ANd learn from what they did to me: DO NOT give them your credit card number!	
Dec 1 2005	a little gem	Stayed at the Tuscany suites end of september for 3 nights, as it was so cheap I was very pleasently surprised, it wasn't at all like being in vegas, but the strip was only about a 10 minute walk away (short cut through ballys) casino was more friendly then strip ones, and mexican restaurant was good.Just next door was ellis island, brilliant value restaurant and nice friendly casino.Our last 3 days of our vacation we spent at the paris hotel, a lovely hotel, but I prefered our stay at the Tuscany much more cosier and friendlier at a fraction of the cost.	
Nov 28 2005	Don't bother with the Tuscany Cantina	On Thanksgiving Day we ate at the Cantina at the Tuscany on Flamingo Road. The food was so-so, but the service was horrible. There were only a few customers in the restaurant yet the service was very slow and unfriendly. No one smiled or greeted us. It was like we were an unwelcome interruption. We had to wait a long time to be seated, for drink service, delivery of the meal, and refills. We had to go ask for additional services such as refills, more chips, etc. On the positive side the appetizer bean dip and salsa were delicious as was the fried ice cream. The food was hot when served but nothing to write home about (tacos, flautas, enchiladas, chile rellenos, rice, beans, burritos, etc.). All in all we were disappointed in the Cantina and do not recommend it to others.	
Nov 19 2005	Great Value	Large clean rooms, good food in 24 hour cafe, Mexican rest: food fair, place was packed and noisy but we were right under PA so other table may not have been so bad - would try again. Room service lunch was deliverd promptly and food was fresh and good (not cheap! $16.00 for sandwich and soda). Itailian Rest. looked nice but didn't try it. Nice clean casino, moderate walk to the Strip (Bellagio on first corner)- excellent value for $60 per weekday night price including tax found on web. $100-120 or more may still be good value depending on availability at other hotels.Rooms are detached from casino with adjacent parking so not necessary to go through casino everytime you leave premises.	
Nov 16 2005 	Good not very "Vegas" but Good	I stayed at Tuscany for the SEMA show held earlier this month. For those who have never been, The Tuscany is a very clean, manageable, hotel that is situated on a property with a 'main' building that features registration and a bar / restaurant area, and several straight-line two-story guestroom buildings that are efficient albeit not very spectacular. The advantage with this lay-out is not having a ten mile walk from your room to the lobby as is the case in most Vegas properties. The Tuscany features clean and spacious rooms and one can still smell fresh paint and new carpeting. There is a lot to like about the Tuscany. I have stayed there before and probably would stay there again, but . . .What I DISLIKE about The Tuscany: At no point during your stay will you feel like you are in Las Vegas!! The Tuscany is as boring as it is efficient. Aside from the army barrack-styled guest buildings, Tuscany features the most unimaginitive casino I have ever been to outside of an Indian reservation. It is really like a rectangular white-walled gymnasium that has been carpeted and filled with slot machines. Tuscany does not - however - force you to walk across the casino floor to get to your room: a Vegas first for me. When my friend 'Vegas' Jenny from San Luis Obispo, CA told me she'd never heard of it, I knew I was in trouble. When you stay at Tuscany you might even forget you are in Vegas. When I was there, it felt like being at a Golf resort in Tampa or Palm Springs. A little escapism from Vegas can be a good thing after a few days though. There was one creepy thing that happened to me during my stay: I walked out of the shower in my room to see a brown roach-looking bug looking back up at me, but . . . I do not blame the hotel. There is little doubt of their cleanliness and one should not forget Vegas is in a desert! Besides, I felt bad for the bug - after seeing me naked, seeing any other nude male guests will just be a disappointment. Bottom line: I recommend the Tuscany as a BASE, but your Vegas fun will be had elsewhere.	
Nov 15 2005	UK VISITOR TO TUSCANY	My Husband and I stayed here from 24th Oct for 7 nights. We were looking for a place between a motel and strip hotel that we had stayed in before. This was a great find. Great location even without a car 7 min walk to strip well lit at night. Very peaceful setting, nice pool area. The staff were very nice and dealt with our request for a change of room with balcony in a very efficent manner. The rooms were a great size and bathroom was bliss ( even if bath was low to get in and out of) The kitchen area was a added bonus with fridge and coffee maker, lacked utencils.The Italian restauran was very good,service,food and price was well worth a visit as was breakfast buffet. The only down was the building works going on next door for 24 hours and this was a factor when trying to sleep.But I would recommend this to readers of the review and my friends	
Nov 3 2005	Still a great place to stay	Stayed at Tuscany Oct 28 - Nov 1 and it was just as great as our first stay there two years ago. My only complaint is that they wouldn't match a price I found on ---- so I wasn't able to book directly through the hotel. We arrived very early in the a.m. our first day and after breakfast in the cafe we were able to check in at 9am. Service a the front desk was great. Rooms are HUGE and well-kept, bathrooms have seperate toilet &quot;room&quot; so sharing a bathroom with 5 other people was never a problem. We had six in our group (dont' tell the hotel) and never felt cramped. The only downside for some may be that the rooms with two beds have double beds instead of queens. Having a kitchenette with storage space is a huge plus! There is a small mini-mart across the street for snacks and beer. We had a rental car so we drove five minutes down Flamingo to a grocery store for food and beverage. A 5-10 minute walk will get you to the center strip or the monorail station at Ballys to explore elsewhere. Access to the hotel is really easy from east or westbound flamingo, parking is right outside your building and getting to the airport takes about 10 minutes unless you are in heavy traffic. Casino is small but does have all the table games with low minimum bets, plenty of cheap slots, video poker, and a poker room. The tables are generally very slow except for weekend nights and the dealers are helpful for new players. Join the players club for some good deals and to get some cash back for your play in the casino. I highly reccomend the $1.99 late night breakfast special in the cafe. Can't say much about the food in the other restaurants as we only ate a the cafe, but it is certainly not too pricey. Pool area is not huge but very nice with small tiki bar. I can see it getting crowded in the hot summer months but we never go then so can't say for sure. Fitness facilities and another small pool are also available for use with no fee. The layout of the buildings is a bit sprawling but I like that they are only three stories tall so you are never forced to wait for an elevator. The buildings farthest from Flamingo and the pool area are quietest, but the closer you are to Flamingo Road, the quicker the walk to the strip. They are building some condos next door right now but we were never bothered by construction noise. The Tuscany is a great value for people who want to have a large suite room in a quieter place without tons of people everywhere and don't mind a 10 minute walk to the strip. I highly reccomend it!	
Oct 18 2005	Fantastic Oasis of calm close to the Action	Guiided as always by the other reviews we were delighted with the room so large for us Europeans with Coffee maker and fridge though no other cooking facilities but we had no plans to cook in a City full of cheap eats. The location was fine for us only a few minutes walk from Ballys and either a monorail from there up or down the strip or walk through to Paris my favourite the Buffet amazing value. Ellis Casino just around the corner more old Las Vegas as was Freemont Street a Must do at night. The rooms were well maintained and the pool area lovely quiet relaxing and a good pool service . We ate in the hotel a few times breakfast buffet good value though no doubt better options on the strip. Good parking facilities and supermarkets close by for water and soda. Cannot understand how anyone can complain about this hotel for the price that you pay. The strip is an experience and yes some of the hotels amazing but some so large and impersonal with so many non guests trawling the corridors!! The Tuscany provided us with access to the strip in minutes in an ideal central position so could do either end of the strip in a day but more importantly for us it provided us with a relaxing holiday too as we could escape the crowds and the noise and swim sunbathe or snooze . For the price we got on Expedia October less than £60 a night a real bargain. Hired a car and found driving around easy and allowed direct access to Hover Dam at our pace a great sight and other odd trips out to Henderson Boulder City and Galleria shopping Mall and others and Golf .	
Oct 18 2005	60th Wedding Anniversary at the Tuscany Suites	I booked a group of 34 relatives at the Tuscany Suites for my parent's 60th wedding anniversary. The hotel is a few blocks from the Strip. There was adequate parking with good security. My mother and a couple of other family members had limited mobility. They were all able to walk to the pool, the restaurants, the bar, and the casino. Younger family members could easily walk to the Strip. The rooms are very large and quite comfortable. We booked one two bedroom suite with a very large livingroom to use as a gathering place. The breakfast buffet was most adequate. Other meals were mediocre. We had a professional jazz pianist in our group who played in the bar for our dancing and listening pleasure before the anniversary party. We had a private banquet room for cocktails and a catered dinner. The casino was always quite smoky. Otherwise, it was all in all a fine experience.	
Oct 17 2005	Wedding trip	I recently went to Las Vegas for my wedding. We needed a location for many friends and family with a lot of rooms and a lot of space. This was the perfect place. The rooms were huge and the hotel very accommodating. The restaurants and bar were great too. The only complaint I have is the difficulty in getting a taxi to go anywhere, which unfortunately cannot be controlled much by the hotel staff. I would highly recommend staying here for any occasion.	
Oct 13 2005	large rooms resonable rates	I am from UK but live in Ohio now. Last September our friends from UK came ove to USA for a months stay with us, we booked a trip to Las Vegas for four nights for the four of us. I looked at prices for a couple of weeks before deciding on the Tuscany, as it was a very large room and I didnt know how much cash our friends would have to spend for the month they were in the USA for. I booked the Tuscany as it was a bit cheper than most. WOW were we suprised at the room size and how nice the place was.The food was about average for Vegas but the servings were quite large.We did,nt win any $$$$$$ but I have found that all the casino,s are getting more stingy these day.All in all our friends and us really liked the Tuscany , we will book to stay there another time.We are all in the 60yr age group and found it was an easy walk to the strip.The only complaint I had was in the 4 nights we spent in the Tuscany we had to buy every drink from the bar as we never got one from the girls walking around in the casino.	
Oct 11 2005	Wondeful Vacation	We just returned to Georgia after spending a week here. After the first nite my wife had a backache from the soft mattress. I inquired at the front desk about this problem and was directed to the Guest Service Manager.We left a voice mail for her, and then hit the strip. When we returned that nite we found the mattress had been swapped out and found a voice mail, stating if this mattress was not acceptable we would be given another room. My wife slept wonderfully after then. We had several meals in 3 different dinning rooms and found all meals to exceed our expectations. We will return again on future vacations. We have found a home away from home.	
Oct 11 2005	Tuscany - Value location pleasant	This is the third time I been to Vegas, The first two times involved my wife and Family, the selection of the hotels were more discrimate because of the special occasions involved(marriage and Christmas) so for those occasions we stayed at the Belagio and Venetian.While those were beautiful hotels to stay at- I could not help feel at times overwhelmed by the racket, people and eye candy.This time it was with the guys and I chose the Tuscany because of the price, location and basic services. We were three and we were comfortable with the room layout, the design of the bathroom and the fridge.Although we wished we had more channels on the basic free cable service- We found the Tuscany a pleasant no frills venue. Its not too far from the strip and you have access to all the notorious hotels (Bally's, Bellagios, Caesars, Paris, etc) as well as the Tram.Be sure to visit the Voodoo lounge at Rio's and check out the outdoor decks. It has a breathtaking night time view of Vegas especially with the gogo girls dancing the night away within the sparkling lights of the city.I recommend the Tuscany to all.	
Oct 11 2005	Great deal - infant friendly	I thought my husband was crazy to take our 4 month old infant to Vegas. Tuscany was a good choice and the crib was free. Frig and microwave were definite plus. Room was clean and roomy. Shower glass sparkled. Parking not a problem. Definitely close to airport and walking distance to strip. Cafe food was not bad for the price. Highly recommend if you have kids. The pool was hopping! Casino was not that busy but there were definitely bells going off!	
Oct 9 2005	Brilliant	Found this gem after reading reviews on trip advisor. We spent four nights here and found it brilliant. Large spacious rooms at very reasonable rates. We paid £37.00 a night plus tax for our room booking through expedia. The inn is about a 7minute walk from the strip. If you walk straight up the road you come out right opposite Cesears Palace so it is very central. You also pass Ballys and the entrance to the metro link should you want to get on it. The area seemed very safe and we walked back quite late at night with no hassles at all. The inn has an all night restuarant with very average food but hey when your starving its better than nothing!!! There is an excellent bar though with entertainment some nights of the week and a small dance floor.All in all as Brits we could not fault the place and loved Vegas and our stay at the Tuscanny	
Oct 9 2005	Very nice	Very nice, quiet and clean room. Beautiful pool area &amp; garden . We would stay there again. We recommend it. 15 minutes walk to strip. Central location (corner of Bellagio &amp; Bally’s).	
Oct 3 2005	Great Place	Good location for the price, 5 minute walk to back entrance of Bally's. Nice large rooms in garden like location. Will stay there again.	
Oct 1 2005	Great hotel	Comfortable hotel, lovely large, clean rooms, good restaurant. 10 minutes walk from strip, can be a bit hot for a walk, would recommend gettin a taxi, as the walk is not very nice, past building sites and 'whino' hangouts. Also not very child friendly, as they have a pool party on a thursday night,which you must be over 21 to join in, so you are left without a pool for the night. Apart from this would highly recommend, you get more than you pay for!	
Sep 26 2005 	Very clean very quiet large comfortable rooms	Very clean, large rooms, and quiet. Having stayed in Vegas several times a year ( for 15 years), and in many of the &quot;strip&quot; hotels, this is now my favorite. Prices for mid week are as low as $39 and I rarely pay over $80 on the weekends (using the flyers I get from them all the time).The best off the strip (by two blocks) hotel in Vegas.	
Sep 7 2005	Great Place 	I stayed recently at Tuscany and found it very nice. The rooms are big and quite. The casino staff is nice. The Italian resteraunt is very good. The only thing that really could be improved is better quality bath towels. But when I was only paying $69 a night -- you can live with that. Make sure you check out their prices on their website -- they usually are the same if not lower than the other travel websites.	
Aug 29 2005	Good Hotel	Stayed at the Tuscany on the weekend of August 26th.The room was clean, very large and all facilities worked correctly. Some of the extras our room had was a stove, fridge and a microwave. This hotel is about a 15 minute walk from the Strip on Flamingo which gave us plenty of time to heat up. It was a hot hot 41C every day. The casino is very small compared to the Strip but it is friendly. Everything is secure and you feel very safe in the hotel and in the area. The staff was very friendly.However, Las Vegas itself could use a good clean up. The garbage every where there is an eyesore. Most of the garbage is advertising for girl shows, but the beer and pop bottles were not far behind in volume. We don't think Las Vegas has any kind of recylcing or bottle return.	
Aug 28 2005	wednesday pool partys!	stayed here for 6 days.... changed our rooms no problem when we needed a smoking room, woman on the front desk was a bit abrupt when we checked in, she didnt listen to our answers when she asked questions.. rooms are excellent size, an the free use of the safe was good.ideal location, 15 minutes walking from the strip (ballys)pool excellent, staff there rocked, altho when i tried to get the beach balls out cos the pool was full, i went round the houses speaking to 8 different people before being told no! still i suppose its the same at most usa hotels.good parking, very secure, casino was fine, but the restaraunt marilyn's, the staff dont listen! asked for some chicken bits with french fries and a hot tea, they came back 45 minutes later with french fries, chicken sandwich with mayoonaise and garlic sauce all over it, and a cup of coffee!!! hate it when that happens.i would stay there again.... mainly for the pool service and location.one tip tho, youd think theyd have a couple of plates or some cutlery in the room??? and watch the telephone calls.... a 6 second call to the uk cost us $14...	
Aug 15 2005	Great value huge rooms	I was apprehensive of this property given the price. Boy, was that unjustified! I'm glad that I chose this hotel! The room was huge. We noticed a bus stop in front of the hotel and decided to give the bus system a try... we found that for $5 per person, we could go just about anywhere in Vegas for 24 hrs... in air conditioning! We even took the bus back to the airport when we left. The only part of this hotel that we didn't like was the quantity of towels in the room (we needed to ask for more every day) and that the front desk and housekeeping staff were a little slow to respond. All in all, a nice hotel at a nice price. I would not hesitate to stay at the Tuscany again!	
Aug 11 2005	Love the Tuscany	This was my second stay at the Tuscany. My friend and I had a fabulous time. I prefer it's small cozy atmosphere far more than I like the huge ritzy hotels. The grounds are very pretty as is the lobby. The casino is small, but the dealers are very friendly. The entire staff was very friendly and spoke english just fine, contrary to what others have reviewed. We have eaten at all three restaurants and loved them all. The rooms are big and clean. The cocktail servers were very fast and friendly. The only problem we encountered was that the battery to our key card lock died and we had to wait quite a while to get it fixed (and we were in our pj's), but we saw the humor in it. Tuscany is my hotel of choice in Vegas and we are already planning our second trip.	
Aug 11 2005	Huge rooms very nice hotel	My husband and I could only get out of Las Vegas on Virgin to London since SFO and LAX were full. We elected to spend the night before our flight from LAS since it had been years since we had been there. Not gamblers, we didn't care if we were on the strip or not and Hotels.com had a really great rate of $60 for the night (all included in that price). We were so very surprised at the hotel. You can turn cartwheels in the room it is so big. The bathroom was huge too and the seperate shower great. The beds were comfortable and the room was very clean. We had a glass of wine at the bar. Wow, cheap prices! We had a car for the less than 24 hours we spent there but we wanted to see what had been built since we were last there (for a friend's wedding), so drove along the strip. We didn't mind the crowds crossing the street, we were just taking it all in. Free parking at the Tuscany. It is a long, long block to Bally's where you could finally duck in to air conditioning but it looks like Bally's is building out along Flamingo towards the Tuscany so the walk won't be so long in the future. The pool was smaller than the pictures, the casino not very busy but a fair amount of business. If you want an inexpensive place to stay that is really comfortable, this is your place. I would return.	
Aug 8 2005	We will never stay here again!	My wife and I stayed 4 nights at the Tuscany (three nights too much). It's nice that they have kitchens in room but not a glass, plate or fork to be found. I called downstairs (very rude) and they said they don't supply any of those items. No problem, we will just order room service so I make a call down stairs. I'm told they don't have room service, I was then hung up on. I now want to order some chocolate covered strawberries for my wife. I go down stairs and checked two restaurants, the &quot;check in&quot; desk and the &quot;Guest relations&quot; person. You would think I was the first person to ever want something as crazy as that. They didn't serve them, didn't know where to get them and never offered to help find some. To there credit the rooms were clean and were good sized but were nothing spectacular.	
Aug 2 2005	It is what it is	Close enough to the strip to walk if the weather isn’t too hot (about a block to Ballys). Cab ride to Ballys costs 5 bucks. Our toilet was clogged when we first got to the hotel, the maintenance guy came and plunged it, still flushed slow afterwards. Room was very big, clean and livable. Not the best hotel but the best hotel for the price ($80 for Saturday night stay).	
Jul 27 2005	Just off the strip and great value	My husband and I just got back from a 3 day/2 night stay at Tuscany. We got a great rate and stayed Sunday through Tuesday. Hotel is just a little off the strip (but within reasonable walking distance) and is easily accessible.The room we had was very large, and the pictures on their website show an accurate example of what the rooms look like. There was a small refrigerator, microwave, sink, and even a 2-burner stove (though what you'd use to cook with, I don't know) in the kitchen area, including a small table with chairs. There was also a &quot;living room&quot; area with a couch and 1 chair, a desk (there is wireless internet available, but you have to pay for it), a dresser and TV. The bed was comfortable, and even had extra pillows. The bathroom was quite large, with a separate shower and tub, and the toilet was located in its own &quot;room&quot; allowing for greater privacy. We ate at both restaurants onsite (there is a Mexican restaurant and a 24 hour &quot;coffee shop&quot;); both meals were reasonably priced and quite good. The restaurant staff was very efficient and friendly. We would definitely stay here again; the rates were reasonable for such a large room and it is close enough to the strip to walk if you wanted. The rooms were quiet, and it was nice to be able to go to your room without having to walk through the smoky casino.	
Jul 23 2005	Ver Good Indeed	Having read some good reviews on the Tuscany on this site I decided to book a room for my wife and I and a separate room for my sister who was vacationing with us.Both the rooms were excellent. They were spacious, clean and had very large bathrooms.The casino itself is small and may disappoint serious gamblers but for the tourists like us it was excellent giving good value just off the strip.Across the road (E Flamingo Blvd) is a couple of excellent restaurants (Italian and Mexican) and far better value than the big hotels a few blocks away on the strip.If I return to Vegas I will definitely be back at the Tuscany.	
Jul 8 2005	Great Location just off the strip 5 minutes walk to monorail station at Bally's	We stayed at the hotel June 30 - July 3, 2005. It was a great place to stay and we'd stay there again.Best part: close to the stip (half a mile walk) so it's nice and quiet and not crowded with people and lineupsWorst part: I wouldn't eat there if you are looking for fabulous cuisine, but it's food at a reasonable price.The room was clean and really big and came with a fridge, sink, kitchen table and chairs, sofa, TV, king bed, bathroom with a separate room for the toilet. The stopper in the sink in the bathroom was either open or closed manually and the shower door didn't shut properly, but that made no difference to us at all. Airconditioning worked very well but was a bit noisy. The noise actually made it easier to sleep as it was like a white noise machine!I was sick on day from a bumpy airplane ride and the kitchen in the restaurant was kind enough to give my husband four fresh baked buns for me at no charge. It was the only thing I could eat and they were delicious!The hotel pool is great, get there early for a lounge chair (as seems to be the case at most places). There is an outdoor bar in a hut next to the pool and the bartender is great :) Drinks were cheap and very good.The only problem (which wasn't really the hotel's fault) was that Conquest Vacations did not actually book the rooms at the hotel for us (although they DID give is a confirmation number). This also happened to another person staying there that was on the same flight. The night staff were totally in the dark about what to do, but quickly gave us a room with our credit card as a guarantee. The day staff is much better, but really there was nothing they could do until Conquest sent them the proper paperwork. It took 7 phone calls to Conquest Vacations Las Vegas office to get it resolved and it only got resolved 15 minutes before noon on the day we checked out. It was a bit of a worry for us the entire trip that although we paid for the hotel in our package, we'd have to pay for it again and then try to recover the money later from Conquest.	
Jun 20 2005	Great hotel great price	This hotel was a great price and perfect for what we needed! The pool was a nice size, never got too crowded and had a sufficient amount of towels, chairs and was close to the bar!The walk to the strip was a little far but taxis were almost always available and not too pricey if you didn't want to take the walkThe rooms are all very large and clean. They had a fridge which was perfect for bringing bottles of water and some snacks.The casino is a great place to learn some games before venturing into the larger casinos and the drink specials are sweet!I'd definitely stay again.	
Jun 19 2005	Comfy quiet 	Just gotten back from staying at the Tuscany. We had a large double bedroom on the first floor in block C, which is right next to the main hotel area and not too far from the road. What we liked about this hotel was that you could get to your room without having to go through the lobby or casino everytime. In fact, the Casino is off to the side of the lobby so you could have easily avoided it altogether if you were not into gambling. We made use of our fridge and kitchen area by going to the local 7/11 and buying up supplies. The walk to the strip is about 10 mins and we did not find this hard going at all. We used the monorail a lot to get ourselves up and down the strip. We went in through the back of Ballys via the Race and Sports Book and the monorail entrance is just around the corner. Our room was large and very comfy and clean. We had no problems whatsoever. There is construction work going on next door (but there's construction going on all over Vegas) but we were not bothered by this.We did not use the restaurants or pool so cannot comment on those.This hotel is ideal if you want a nice comfy large room, with fridge. Don't mind a short walk to the Strip and want peace away from the action and the bling bling of slot machines but near enough if you want it.	
Jun 14 2005	Nice but stay now because it will fall down soon	HUGE room with full kitchen--range, microwave and half-refrigerator--no oven. But they're not into upkeep. It's a property made up of several three-story buildings with nice landscaping in between. It's only three years old and there were several things that should have been fixed in the room that weren't. When we mentioned the loose shower head and the backspash separating from the wall, the front desk wasn't really interested. It's not on the strip, but in the morning or evening, it's not a bad walk--about two long blocks. In the heat of a summer day, you'll want to take a cab--and they're expensive. The casino is boring and smoke-filled, but since we didn't go to Vegas to gamble, it wasn't a big problem for us. There were ants in our kitchen--just one or two every morning--and since we were on the third floor, we assume there are ants all over that building. We got our room for $50 a night through Travelocity and it was definitely the best deal of the whole trip. Oh, did I mention the rooms are gigantic?One caveat--there is construction going on next door. Don't let them put you in building A on the construction side. They start working as early as 3:45 AM, but most mornings around 5:00.	
Jun 13 2005	Very roomy comfortable close to the Strip..	I stayed 4 nights and days in the Tuscany during the 1st week of May 2005. It's location is great because the Strip is only 6/10 of a mile away. The price for a room is much more affordable than the major hotels on the Strip. My room was very big, comfortable, has a/c, a big tv, a fridge and a big bathroom. The food was very affordable and the service was great. I did not use the pool because I did not have the time but will use it next time.My only complaint was in using the pc's in the business center. It was a bit confusing and too expensive for using it such a short time. If the hotel makes it more user friendly and affordable I would use it again. I love to use the internet but I would like to see a better system. Trying to figure out what printer to use was confusing. I think each pc and printer should have a letter on it to identify it -&gt; A, B, C, D... etc. Overall, I would stay again at Tuscany. The grounds are beautiful...sort of like a botanical garden look!!! Very nice!! The service at the front entrance is exceptional...there is always someone there to help you fast. It's also nice how the casino blends in next to the eating area. I like that a lot. I recommend this hotel to all Las Vegas visitors.	
Jun 12 2005	Luxury at a Reasonable Price	Our recent stay at the Tuscany was one of the most comfortable and relaxing we have had during any our of many visits to Las Vegas. It was my first time to stay at an off-strip, not well-known facility, so I was a little nervous at first. Upon arrival at the hotel, we were greeted by a friendly staff member, and from this point forward, everything fell into place. Our room was gorgeous. It was surprisingly large and beautifully furnished. Everything looked new and was very clean; it was as if we were the first people to have ever stayed in the room. The kitchenette was a huge plus, especially when it came to keeping drinks cold on a hot summer day.The hotel is a few short blocks from the strip. For someone not used to walking much, it could be too far for comfort, but for us, it was perfect as the hotel was close enough to the strip to enjoy the excitment of Las Vegas but far enough away to escape the omnipresent &quot;ding-ding-ding&quot; of slot machines. We could walk directly to the unit (through secured doors) without having to walk 10-15 minutes through a typical casino just to get to the guest elevators.A little secret is that you can enter the back of Bally's and then, in the comfort of air-conditioning, walk from Bally's to Paris (they connect) to get to the Aladdin and the strip. Moreover, you can catch the monorail, conveniently located at the back of Bally's, that will quickly take you to other parts of the strip. (The monorail runs every 5 minutes.)We were very happy with our experience at the Tuscany. I have a rule that I stay at a different hotel during every visit to Las Vegas, simply for the sake of having a new experience. In the case of the Tuscany, however, I am willing to let that rule slide and to book a room again. The Tuscany provided luxury and comfort for a reasonable price. If you're looking for a pleasant trip to Las Vegas without getting caught up in the hustle'n bustle of the strip, the Tuscany is a good choice.	
Jun 12 2005 	Not too shabby	We encountered no rude people, the casino was active but not obnoxiously loud or crowded; quiet enough that a friendly table guy explained some of the game rules to us (we're newbies). We ate in their gourmet restaurant one night and it was FABULOUS. All staff we dealt with was very helpful and friendly, and the pool even had a waitress taking orders for drinks. Mix of people poolside (some kids on occasion), nice and relaxing, a good place for base camp for time on the strip (though if you walk to the strip ONCE you'll be ready to take cabs there and back the rest of the time)	
Jun 7 2005	Waste of Money	This restaurant had some of the worse food I have ever eaten. All four members of our party ordered steak. The steaks were all burned to a crisp. Our waiter dumped the food and left for parts unknown. I guess he was afraid we would say something to him about the horrible food. He did stop by long enough to drop off the bill. Do NOT waste your time or money at this place.	
Jun 3 2005	Excellent sized room	The Tuscany suites are well positoned for a stroll to the 'strip'. Our room was really large and clean - with fridge and kitchenette. We enjoyed the pool and surroundings, very relaxing.	
May 31 2005	Great Place to Sleep - Just don't expect all the frills	Stayed at the Tuscany May 20 - 23, 2005. The location is pretty good for an off-the-strip hotel. About a block and a half from Las Vegas Blvd. and Flamingo. Pretty much right behind Bally's. The grounds are kept up pretty nicely. They do have a casino, but I would avoid it other than the bar for a quick drink before you go out. The casino is frequented by locals, so its not very exciting. The pool area is awesome - nice, clean pool, and poolside bar service. For 3 guys on a gambling trip, this pool was a welcome distraction. Plenty of drinks, girls in bikinis, and not too many kids. The only letdown was that there are not enough lounge chairs. You must get to the pool very early if you want to get a chair at all.The rooms themselves are very large suites. The one we had included two double beds, table and chairs, a couch, club chair, end tables, TV, and dresser. Very spacious and clean. The bathroom is nice as it has a separate room for the toilet while the shower, tub, and sink can be assessable to others. Everything was in good condition and in working order. The hallway of the building and the room itself did have a slightly unpleasant odor. Sort of like a strong orange chemical smell. The cleaning staff does not speak English well. I have stayed at strip hotels (Paris, NYNY, MGM) and found this hotel to be more relaxed and spacious... but remember, you ARE away from the action. If you want to be in the thick of things, I wouldn't recommend this hotel. I also would not recommend it if you do not have a car. Although only a block and a half from the Strip, IT IS A HIKE!! You do not want to do this walk several time per day. All in all, if you want a roomy place to relax between gambling and clubbing, and you have a car, this is the place. If you are looking for more excitement or to be where there is non-stop action, stay on the Strip.	
May 30 2005	Perfect for us!!!	We just came back from a 3 night stay at The Tuscany. This was my fifth time in Vegas, having stayed downtown and at Bally's. By far Tuscany is my favorite place to stay. We found it to be like two vacations in one. While at the pool area, you have absolutely no idea that you are just a few blocks from the strip. We only had one breakfast buffet there, which was not award winning, but very acceptable, espescially for under $6. We found the staff to be fine, the room was huge and clean!!! It is a few blocks from the strip, and although there is a bit of a wait at times for a taxi, it is still much easier to get one then at some of the larger casinos right on the strip. The grounds are well landscaped and cared for...very attractive!!! We will be going back, and will definitely recommend to friends. If you are looking for value, I can't imagine there is a better deal out there..oh yeah, if you are new to Vegas, keep your gambling downtown!!!	
May 20 2005	Loved the Tuscany!!!	My wife and I stayed here twice last year--first for her birthday, then for our wedding day. We loved it. We were new to Vegas, and the Tuscany was a perfect off-the-strip hotel. Quiet, secluded, with a nice pool, comfortable rooms and a very friendly staff. We were surrounded by European travelers, which gave an added dimension to the Mediterranean theme. Our first night, we ate at Marilyn's cafe (in the casino downstairs, open 24 hours) and, even though the service was absolutely terrible--we waited about half an hour before being greeted--it was still charming, and the collection of rangy Vegas &quot;types&quot; at nearby tables was definitely worth seeing. For the price, the Tuscany is great. If you're a high-rolling Vince Vaughn wannabe, stay at the Bellagio. But if you're looking for something inexpensive, quiet and clean, go to the Tuscany.	
May 17 2005 	Solid All Around	Just back from the Tuscany -- May 12th - 16th.I stayed here for $89/night which was a special rate arranged through a seminar I was attending. I would've preferred to stay on the strip, but for this rate on this weekend I couldn't pass it up. This hotel is about a 10-15 minute walk to the strip. I timed myself and it took me 8 minutes (I'm a quick walker) to get to the back of Bally's where you can enter near the Sports Book and then walk through Bally's to the strip if you want. Basically there are different 3 level buildings located all over the property, so you're in your own building.As for the rooms themselves ... they were great imho. Nothing super fancy, but very nice, clean, and VERY large. As said the bathroom is over-size as well with a separate shower and tub and separate door for the toilet as well. I am a single 30 year old, but if I had a family this hotel would be especially appreciated. The room is one big area -- full couch and chair opposite the side of the room from the bed(s). The TV is on a dresser along the wall b/t the windows b/t the bed and living area. The small kitchen area was right by the door and you're facing the TV as you walk in the room ... living area directly past the kitchen table and bathroom and bed to the right. It was nice having a small fridge for the waters I picked up at the nearby convenience store. The bed was fairly comfortable. 27&quot; TV had the networks, CNN, ESPN, WGN, and maybe TNT. Interactive channel (auto checkout, movies, internet) wasn't working any of the days I was there.The casino was very small relatively speaking and I didn't gamble at all. I had supper at the Tuscany Gardens (specializing in Italian) and it was adequate, but not great. I had received a $10 off an entree coupon upon check-in. Prices were very reasonable. I also twice ate at The Cantina, the Mexican restaurant in the casino area. It was adequate again, but not great. The beans that came with the complimentary chips and salsa were especially good for some reason. Had the breakfast buffet at Marylin's Cafe the last morning and it was just OK as well (eggs weren't very good), but very cheap at $5.95. All I wanted was a little bit, and it worked OK since I was in a hurry. Something off the menu may have been better. As mentioned there are other places nearby to eat like Lawry's, etc. There is a coffee shop/juice bar as well near the lobby/gift shop area.There was a pretty large complimentary workout room in the area where the lap pool and another jacuzzi is located. Nautilus machines, free weights and at least 4 treadmills/elliptical machines. The main pool area was very attractive as well ... although I didn't swim, I sat and had a drink while on the phone.In Review:If you know what you're looking for, the Tuscany Suites might be right up your alley. It would be a nice break from the hubbub on the Strip. If you don't mind some walking or aren't planning on being on the Strip every day this might be a good choice (especially considering price). The walking could get old. Also if you have family you would have more room to spread out and not feel cramped in the room. I would think this hotel would draw an older crowd the majority of the time ... not like senior citizen old, but the 35 and up crowd for sure. If you're up for big time gambling and poker, this isn't your place either. Would be good for a family stop in Vegas or a business traveler I'd think. If I was coming out to solely party, I would stay on the strip. For my situation it really did work out perfect.Positives:-- Price (even not at a special rate it's typically a bit less than 3-4 stars on the strip)-- Room size, cleanliness-- Relaxing (away from it all) mood-- Pool area-- Complimentary exercise room-- Separate lap pool and 2nd jacuzzi-- Relatively cheap drinks at the bar ($2.25 domestic bottle or so)Negatives:-- Food (was just OK)-- Walk to the Strip-- Cabs aren't AS plentifulI don't know if I'll stay there again b/c I generally don't go to Vegas for anything other than a big party, but if I was to go for business again or whatnot I wouldn't hesitate to stay again.	
May 16 2005	Too far and Too rude	My mother and I stayed at the Tuscany May 8-14 while at a conference. We were a bit dissappointed when we arrived. Although the Strip looks close, it is a bit of a walk - about 15 minutes. That gets you to Bally's or the Flamingo and then it's farther to anywhere else. The first guy that took our bags when we arrived in a taxi didn't offer to help and was rude when we asked him to take them. The front desk was cold and didn't seem too enthused that we were there - it may have been because we were at a reduced rate but that is no reason to treat us poorly. When we tried to get our bags brought to the room (all of the rooms are in separate buildings that you have to walk outside to get to), we called the bell desk 3 times and no one answered. We finally called the front desk and received our bags about 45 minutes after we had checked in. We ate in the cafe the first evening, and although the waiter was nice, the food was anything but. But I guess that's what you can expect from a 24 hour cafe. Maid service was good, but a little pushy to get the room cleaned. Very few of the staff spoke English which made it that much more difficult to communicate with them what we needed. Also, we are pretty sure someone entered our room on the first day we were out after it had been cleaned. We had come back in the morning after it was cleaned and left a light on. When we returned in the evening the light was off and the sink was partially filled with water. It cost about $10 to take a Taxi to and from the strip (Mirage, Mandalay Bay, Wynn). No shuttle service offered and they have to call for taxis. The players club is ok. It takes a few bucks to cash in for anything (at least over $150). The free souvenier was a deck of used playing cards from the casino. The slots were NOT loose! No one that I saw was winning. The slots at the airport are the best. Overall it was just ok. At least the rooms are big and very clean. Although there is a refrigerator and a stove, there is no microwave and no pots/pans/utensils to cook with. We tried heating up leftovers in metal containers on the stove but it started to smell like it would set off the fire alarm so we ate it cold. On checkout we were charged $10 extra for Friday night because the hotel was sold out - we tried to dispute this with the front desk but they said they couldn't help and we had to call the sales department - we are working on getting it straightened out with the conference people's help. The conference is moving to the Flamingo next time - we are really looking forward to that since it is on the strip. If you have a car and want a cheap rate at a clean hotel that is good for families this will work for you. If you want to mostly be on the strip and don't have a car I would suggest paying a little more to stay right on the strip - you'll save the money in taxi costs. Walking to the strip in daylight was fine, at night, not so much. I do have to add though, that there was a very polite and helpful Oriental man that made our vacation a little more enjoyable. He was the best staff person at the Tuscany.	
May 13 2005	Clean and Quiet 2 Blocks away from the Strip (near Bellagio/Caesar's)	We had 2 suites at Tuscany Suites, May 4-7, 2005. This hotel was recommended by a co-worker and I read the reviews off this website re: this hotel. So I was 95% comfortable booking it, but I was more anxious about check in times and room quality (quiet, clean etc).Check-in is at 3pm and we arrived at 230pm. Check-in was fast, there were about 2 ppl in front of me and 3 girls at the reception counter. We got the 3rd floor (very top floor) in a rear unit, facing away from the street. They don't have any adjoining suites, so we got ours right next to each other. The room was clean and huge. The bathroom was literally oversized..full bathtub and shower + toilet in diff. room w/ door. There was a total of 4 adults.. 2 in each room, so it was nice to have our space.I got these 2 suites thru expedia, their website indicated the rooms were sold out these dates. I requested 2 doubles in each room and got my request. I was worried they wouldn't fufill my request, but they did!The kitchnette had a mini fridge, table w/ 2 chairs, microwave, sink and plenty of cabinet space and a coffee maker w/ free coffee pouches. The TV was nice cuz we could turn it according to where we were in the room, we could watch tv from bed or from the sofa and chair/table they had.The other suite had a broken shower door, I called housekeeping and they told me to wait until a repairman showed up. We were on our way out and after waiting 10 mins, we just left. Turns out they did fix it when we got home. In our room, one of the lamps bulb's needed to be changed, but I didn't call for that since there was enough light.The AC is a bit noisy, wouldn't turn it on when we sleep, but we had it on low while we were out and about.The hotel is located about .5 miles from the strip, but I liked the location of the strip from us. we were on the end of teh strip that was closest to bellagion, caesar's, bally, wynn hotels. They are huge blocks, flat to walk on, but a trek, depending on what kind of shape you are in/heat factor. We did walk to the Wynn hotel and it took tops 25 mins. it was a good walk just to get some excercise in.across from the hotel was a Lawry's, and a japanese restaurant, Hamada of Tokyo, down the other street was PF Changs.. so they had good restaurants near by. I couldn't find a starbucks near there, but later heard there was one nearby, but kind of hidden. Oh wells, I still survived. I would definitely stay there again, since the property looked like it was no more than 3-5 yrs old. I didn't see any bugs. the parking was nice cuz you can park and walk right up to the bldg entrance, put your hotel card key in and enter. It was annoying to visit some of the casinos on the strip, but just to get 'thru' them, it would take at leaset 15-30 mins. that got old fast.Check out was 12, checked out by 11:30am. There were 3-4 ppl ahead of us, but no more than a 5 min wait. it was faster for us since we had pre-paid on the rooms. So overall, checkin-out was really fast.The casino/restaurants are in the next bldg over from the hotel. So its nice to not have that foot traffic thru the hotel. we did not eat at the hotel (thank god) We tried once to go eat there, but thought the Chinese dinner advertisement (thought it was a buffet) for $5.95 was poorly written. Instead it was $5.95 for 1 chinese entree. The staff there didn't care to explain after we had questioned the signs. I guess what you pay is what you get. So we left and went to PF Changs. That is the only negative experience I would report is with the casino restaurant (marilyn's).	
Apr 29 2005	Adequate facilities	Stayed at the Tuscany April 17-19,2005. Suite was OK, however, the people staying in the room above me were noisy.Could hear them walking around their room. The double bed in my room was soft and uncomfortable. Hotel employees were courteous. Overall impression was adequate. Would consider staying there again but next time I will ask for a room on the third floor with a king size bed.	
Apr 26 2005	Just Acceptable	My husband and I spent the last night of our Grand Canyon vacation at the Tuscany. We booked the room online directly with the hotel and found our room facing an electrical substation. It did not overlook the lush grounds advertised online. This was a disappointment. The ceiling had some cracks and there was a loose tile in our bathroom. The room itself was large and clean. Dinner at the Tuscany Gardens was tasty but the service was not up to par for a nicer restaurant. The breakfast buffet at Marilyn’s Café was horrible. I have never had powdered eggs before but I am guessing I have now. The hash browns were drowning in grease. The fresh fruit was tasteless. Overall we found the Tuscany an acceptable place to spend the night and convenient to the airport but would not return in the future.	
Apr 25 2005	Wouldn't recommend it.	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 1 night in April, 2005. I would say overall experience with this hotel was little below average. From outside, building looked clean and the grounds seemed well kept. Room was bigger than average hotel rooms you see. Bathroom was bigger than average also and it had a separate shower and bath tub. Room didn’t have luxurious feeling though and even though we requested a non-smoking room and our room did have a non-smoking sign, our room as well as the floor we were on had funny smell for some reason. Another thing is that they didn’t give us the room type (1 King Bed) we requested. We got there about 1 PM and the lady at the front desk told us that they didn’t have a room with 1 king bed ready for us to check in and asked us to come back after 3 PM. She said we’ll get non-smoking with 1 king size bed when we come back. We came back around 6 PM and checked in but when we got to our room, the room had 2 double beds. We called the front desk right away and they said that they didn’t have any rooms with 1 king size bed left. I guess we could complaint more to the hotel staffs but we didn’t want to go through hassle for one night stay. All I can say is that we had very uncomfortable sleep that night. With reservation mix up, smelly room, and so-so accommodation, I don’t think I’ll be recommending anyone to stay at this hotel….unless they get 30 bucks a night deal or something.	
Apr 23 2005 	Not your typical Vegas Hotel	The Tuscany is not the typical Vegas Hotel. Instead of a huge tower where you have to walk miles from the parking lot, through the casino and then up elevators to the 17th floor--rather the Tuscany is spread out in many small buildings with a sprawling ground level parking lot (not a huge cement multi-level like on the strip). The rooms are clean, large, with a little kitchenette and sparsely decorated. They are certainly decent, but not elegant. Expect no marbel, granite or glitter. The sheets and towels are little better than Motel 6 quality. Prices vary wildly depending on occupancy. I have paid as little as $35.00 and as much as $135.00. All room rates in Vegas vary due to occupancy and what conventions are in town--sometimes this is a great deal. The hotel is about 2 long ugly blocks east of the main tourist attractions on the strip. The strong could walk and avoid the traffic jam, but most would feel physically or mentally more comfortable with a cheap cab ride. The casino, bar and restaurants are ok but not as glamourous as the big places on the strip. As a business traveler I like this place. I can go direct to my clean affordable room and avoid the grind that is most casinos so I keep returning. On the other hand I have heard female travelers state they feel safer in the confines of a tower casino where they are not walking outside away from crowds and security. Overall not a bad place, but not great either. If you want to walk to everything, eat and drink in excess and stagger back to your hotel spend the couple extra bucks to be on the strip.	
Apr 4 2005	Great place to kick back	We stayed three nights and enjoyed it thoroughly: large, well-kept room in 3-story unit; attractive grounds and pool; good quality gym and lap pool. Casino large enough to have full variety of games but not overwhelming. Enough people to be lively but not overcrowded. Strip is two blocks away--easy walking distance. On-site comedy club of good quality. Don't come here if you want marble, glitz, and room service; if you like tile, large rooms, and relaxation, it's a great place.	
Apr 3 2005	Fun in Vegas	We just came back from a 4 night/3 day vacation in Las Vegas where we stayed in the Tuscany Suites. They are as they sound, a large suite. We were able to obtain a King bed and suite has both tub and shower and rooms were clean and maintained. These are not on the strip but at least 1/4 mile from Bally's heading down Flamingo Rd. It is a long walk at the end of a day if you are walking down the strip. The blocks in Vegas are not the normal length of a city block so dont be deceived with what appears to be a short distance. By the fourth day we were taking taxi back and forth as just tired of walking everywhere. The monorail is accessible from Balley's as is the Trolley. The buses do not come off strip and do not stop at Bally's either so again a walk at end of day if you are bagged and want to just head home via transit etc. We ate only in the cafe for breakfasts as we were out and about on the strip with many awesome choices of dinner spots. The breakfast buffet is small but works. For dinners I would recommend P.F. Changs which is walking distance from Tuscany as is Battisto (Hole in Wall) Italian food. Both are wonderful venues and reasonable. All in all the staff are friendly and accomodation was good. The coffee could be better as is poor quality but with coffee shops everywhere on the strip not necessary to make in room...the cafe coffee is same. There is microwave and minifridge however as mentioned in other reviews no utensils therefore you must have your own or bring disposable if needed. If you join the Players club you receive a free gift (large souvenir mug) and booklet of useful coupons. We did not join till day before last and could not use all the coupons, but we did use the free drinks!!!! If going again I would stay there again and do the walk however would also better know the transit system and maximize all free trolley's and rides on the strip that you can. The monorail passes are worth the money and save your legs for the walk home at the end of a very hectic day. The above average rating is for the size of room and when travelling with another couple as we did the space is nice for visiting in each others rooms without feeling cramped. The option of both tub/shower is also very nice in spacious bathroom. For the time you are in the room the price was right and the walk was worth it.	
Apr 1 2005	Great Value	We stayed here one night (3/20). I paid $79 for the night (Sunday) by booking through the hotel's website. Beautiful grounds and facilities. Free parking. The room was large with a sofa and chair, small kitchen table, kitchenette, and nice size bathroom. Nice casino. Only a short walk to the strip and very convenient. Only complaint is a rather long wait to check in at 2:00pm - about 20 minute wait in line.Definitely recommend for the budget minded - a great value.	
Mar 31 2005	Best Value in Vegas	Stayed at Tuscany 3/19/05 and 3/20/05. Couldn't believe how close this place is to the Strip, the Hard Rock and a bunch of restaurants. Right next to a couple of convenience stores and other shops as well. Check-in and check-out took less than 1 minute each (compared to 20 min. on the Strip). The room was huge, clean and nicely appointed (except for the double beds). Would bargain for the king size next time. The fridge in the room came in very handy. The hotel grounds were beautiful--as was the pool area. Staff were friendly and helpful. The casino was a nice change of pace from the busy downtown and Strip scene. There's a lot of natural light in the casino and it's not smoky at all. The craps dealers were great teachers! We're staying here again next trip.	
Mar 28 2005	Great hotel!!	We stayed at Tuscany Suites and Casino the weekend of 3/25/05.The hotels grounds were beautiful with plants, trees, and flowers throughout all the walkways. Our room was huge and meticulously clean!It was about a 3 block walk to Bally's. We will definitley stay again!!!	
Mar 24 2005	Superb	10 minute walk off the strip situated close to Bally's, Bellagio, Paris and all the other hotels.The rooms are a superb base, very large, clean and quiet. Very good value at the bar and in the grills and cantinas!	
Mar 21 2005	I will never stay there again...	I had reserved 2 double beds, but when we arrived it was not available so we got a king and a pull out bed. We had a 3 night stay, and needless to say that pull out bed got pretty uncomfortable by then. That, however was not the worst of it. We arrived very tired about 11:30 pm. When we got to the room, there was no bedding for the pull out. We called and they brought sheets and a bedspread because there &quot;were no more blankets&quot;. They brought pillows later. We started to make the bed, but the sheets were stained and dirty. My daughter slept in just the bedspread that night. In the morning, I requested clean sheets and blankets. The bed was made up when we returned, but again, no blanket. I went the following morning and again requested a blanket which was promptly delivered, but I won't bother booking here again. The service was extremely poor, the food not very good (we ate one breakfast there and decided to eat elsewhere), and overall, not a good value for the price. I recommend you look around. There are much better deals out there. Vegas has a LOT of rooms...	
Mar 16 2005	Good value for the money.	We booked Tuscany during a very busy NASCAR weekend and strip hotels were so expensive. I booked off of hotels for $149/night. Room was huge and has cable TV and kitchenette (no dishes though.) 2 double beds, non smoking room.Bathroom was big and roomy. Breakfast was at Marilyns Cafe in the Casino. Buffet was only $5.99 6-11am with good selection of food. Our check-in was ok-the staff is definitely not overly friendly. I have seen posts about the less than accomodating staff. The bell man kind of gave me an attitude when I asked him when cabs would be coming. The hotel is located behind Bally's, only about a 15 minute walk to the strip. I would stay here again. For the price and room size it is an incredible value.	
Mar 9 2005	Great Holiday - would stay again	We stayed in the Tuscany from 3-5 November 2004. The room was huge as was the bathroom. The room and the hotel was nice and clean. The hotel was a 15 minute walk from the strip. The casino was separate from the rooms which made it feel less crowded and you do not have to put up with people wandering through with suitcases! The cafe was good value and was particuarly good for breakfast. It was clean and tidy and the service was courteous and fast, the only negative was that the cafe could only be accessed through the casino but this applies to the majority of eating places in Vegas casinos.	
Mar 8 2005	Loved the Tuscany!	The place was great. Spacious room. Great service. Overrall a great experience. It was also very close to the strip.	
Feb 11 2005	dont eat there!	Whilst the rooms claim to be 600 sq ft whoever did this calculation I wouldn't like to measure my house for anything. Furthermore the &quot;kitchen&quot; does not afford any utensils or cooking facilities. Therefore we were not able to &quot;self cater&quot;. On the first morning I went to view the buffet breakfast and was surprised at that which they consider food was on offer. Locally there are far superior buffets with more reasonable prices. Staff generally were invisible! My best experience of this hotel was the nearby location of the 24/7 store......who looked after us!! 	
Feb 5 2005	Very nice!	My boyfriend and I have visited Vegas often and stumbled upon the Tuscany on our way back home one trip and I decided to look it up. We booked it for our next trip and were pleasantly surprised. The rooms are very big, almost like having your own apartment! The refrigerator, microwave and stove are all handy for leftovers and keeping liquids cold (we usually travel with a cooler and it was nice not to have to worry about ice). We're low maintenance travelers, so I couldn't tell you about the hotel staff - besides, you get to park near your unit, so there's really no need to use valet. It's a short walk to the strip. I did get a great winter special deal through their website, it's usually much pricier the rest of the year. I would definitely stay here again, but only at a discount (no hotel is worthy paying too much money, especially if you're not spending that much time in the room).	
Dec 30 2004	Away from the hustle and bustle...	My husband and I stayed at the Tuscany Sep 18 - 21, 2004. We found the property to be well maintained and attractive. It is, by no means, a luxurious resort but adequate and relaxing. Our room was clean and we did not see any insects. The property is located a couple of long blocks from the strip, so wear comfortable walking shoes. It is convenient to Bally's and Flamingo. We liked the large rooms, however if you have kids, be aware that the suite is an open area. There are no utensils in the room for eating or cooking, but we did have a fridge and microwave. If you don't mind walking, like a quiet retreat after the hustle and bustle of the strip this may be the place for you.	
Dec 26 2004	Great Experience!	My husband &amp; I stayed here Nov. 6 - 8th, 2004. We were pleasantly surprised after reading some negative reviews. Our room was on the first floor in building C. It was clean, spacious, comfortable, and quiet. We found the location perfect for our needs. It was a short walk to the strip and convienient to the shows &amp; restaurants we wanted to visit. We were surprised and delighted at how quiet it was at night. As far as the casino and restaurant at the Tuscany, why bother when you have all the other big facilities so close by?The ONLY negatives were that our reservation could not be found when we arrived, but it was quickly resolved by a very courteous staff. Also our key card did not work in the exterior door nearest the parking area, but it was no big deal to walk around to the other door. It could have been because of a rare heavy rainfall during our visit.We certainly got our money's worth and will definitely stay here again. Some people are just too hard to please I guess. We had a great experience!	
Dec 23 2004	Great Deal for the Price!	We just got back Dec. 21, spending three days at the hotel I got a great deal from one of the popular internet travel companies. For the price I was very happy. We had a large room, the double beds were a little light weight but clean. The bathroom is large and imaculate. I love that the casino is in another building, we brought our children so it was great that they did not have to walk through a smoke filled room to go to our room or leave the hotel. Parking was right outside our building and my kids had a great time at the pool. It's a quiet place if you like solace from the strip, and the restaurants especially the Cantina was great. Again, if you are looking for a decent place that is roomy, good parking, a casino that is hardly ever crowded, near everything and very safe this is a great place on a budget. We would come here again.	
Dec 19 2004	Worst of the Worst	I just came back from this hotel on December 17th, 2004. I stayed at this hotel for 5 days, 4 of which I needed the plumber to unclog the toilets. I resorted to using the casino to go to the bathroom. The people that work there are clueless. They look at you like big deal, what's the problem. no one speaks a word of english so communicating is almost impossible. The hotel is pretty, no doubt about it. The rooms are spacious. I'm very tolerant as I go to Vegas three times a year and decided to try somewhere new. Let me sum it up for you, I'd rather sleep in the street than EVER stay there again!!!!	
Dec 7 2004	Worth every penny	Just returned form a 3 night stay at this hotel which is about 3/4 mile off the strip which made it very close to everything. The rooms were very large and extremely clean, as was the entire premises. The staff was very helpful, the casino itself was small but that was made up for by the friendliness of all the game attendants. Being the opening weekend of the NFR, I wasn't too sure about this property, but th security staff kept everyone quiet and in check, which is more than I can say for a few of the large hotels we visited during the weekend. I would recommend this place to any of my friends in a heartbeat.	
Nov 26 2004	Great	Just returned from our stay, probably the best we have stayed in. Only one small point 1 member of the Waiting Staff could have been more polite, otherwise no problems, Clean, good size rooms, good small Casino, and the Staff very helpfull.	
Nov 16 2004	Pleasant surprise!	We just returned from our trip to Vegas, after staying at the Tuscany from November 10 – 14, 2004. We had NO problems with either the staff or the room. The room was BIG, with a kitchenette, sofa, dining area, etc. Not many channels on the cable, though. But our room on the third floor of building M was mostly quiet, except for the occasional noisy guests in the hallway. And it appeared to have been cleaned every day, including fresh towels when we didn’t ask for them.We spent some time at the pool and jacuzzi, which were never crowded, the food at the Tuscany Gardens restaurant was VERY GOOD, and the service in both the hotel and restaurant were VERY GOOD.Antonio the concierge was very helpful in booking a Dam tour for us, and pointing out restaurants and free shows. He even called us about our camcorder, which we had left in his office.15 minutes to the Strip on busy, well-lit Flamingo Road – we walked it at night and never worried about our safety. Overall, a great stay. We’d stay there again, however, the next time we’re in Vegas we’ll probably stay at another hotel just to stay at someplace different.	
Nov 8 2004	Miserable Night	My family and I rented 2 rooms at the Tuscany. When we checked in the staff was not very helpful...they seemed very rushed and in a hurry to have us out of their way. When we got in the rooms (late at night) we found that there were ants all over. We tried to call the font desk but could not get a hold of them. So we went back to the front desk and asked them why we could not get a hold of them....they didn't have a reply. We told them about the ant problem and said they would get someone up there to spray. By this time we all just wanted to go to bed, so I asked them if they had another room. They finally gave us another room but it was in another building. I would not recommend staying in this hotel. Front desk is non-existant and very unprofessional.	
Nov 6 2004	Big Rooms!	I found that the Rooms were very acessible, quiet, and, most of all, very large. For less that i would have paid on the strip, i had a room with couches , kitchenette, etc... The food at the hotel is awful, the service is so-so. The hotel is generally boring, or quiet for some of you! The hotel has this weird smell that you will get used to. Oh and the guys that call the cabs are awesome.	
Oct 7 2004	Tuscany - it was ok for the money	Stayed Sept 26-30, 2004 The Tuscany was the only last-minute, good deal package I could find and I went for it..was VERY WORRIED about the two July posts re roaches...there were NO roaches, but a few weird things I can verify from other posts:-the room was never vaccuumed, before we arrived until we left. I know this becuase there were bits of things (hair elastic, fluff, few crumbs) that remained (no roaches or the crumbs would be gone!)-yes, duplicate prints hung right beside each other-BAD SERVICE!! do not rely on the bell boy to hold a cab for you, you arrive and it is gone. Two taxi drivers told us that drivers do not like to go there due to poor hotel service, and unlike large hotels, there is no taxi stand. NOTE taxis are not legally allowed to pull over for tourists so go to a hotel somewhere along the way to wherever you are going. cab to the closet end of the strip costs $8-10-hotel staff is quite apathetic, to mirror other posts here. really lacks the service of a large hotel.-the phone system sucks - found it nearly impossible to use our canadian calling card to surpass the hotel system. better off using the lobby payphone for quick calls -movies are $13.95 US we found out upon check out!! wow $$good stuff/other:-for people that like to feel apart from the chaos this is your place. 10+ min walk to Bally's, 15 to strip, at least.-the pool area is verrry mellow and quiet same with the casino (nice staff, not a fancy experience)-cheap eats: load up on teh salad bar and get a sandwich to eat by the pool-get the What's On magazine..went to Tropicana comedy club 2 for 1 (25.00 total) - it was a blast!-the rooms are HUGE, yet the area is so boring we didn't want to stay around. only the hotel restraunts and a sketchy 7-11 nearby.-great having a micro and a fridge if you bring leftovers from Bellagio buffet ha.	
Sep 29 2004	Little Italy in the desert	We have just returned from a great 2 weeks at the Tuscany Hotel. When reading some reviews we were a little apprehensive about whether we had made the right decision...we did. The Tuscany was a breath of fresh air in a 100+degree desert.Are you looking for a friendly, quiet (not in your face like other large hotels),very large and clean rooms, low rise buildings in a beautiful palm tree setting and a swimming pool that you can actually sit around without being bombarded by screaming teens and also being provided with plenty shade if the sun becomes too much for you?If the above is for you then Tuscany is your ideal location.The Tuscany is only a 5 minute walk from the strip, (1 1/2 blocks for all you Americans), on a well lit main road and gives you the chance to experience all the bright lights but with a good nights sleep at the end of a busy day.This is our 3rd visit to Las Vegas where before we stayed at Bally's and Monte Carlo and although both hotels were excellent the Tuscany definately had the edge for us. You are away from the biz...you meet people from all over the world and because the hotel ambiance is peaceful and friendly people take the time to talk.Service at reception was friendly and the bell porters could not have been more helpful...maid service was second to none with towels and bedding changed daily....the 24 hour security of this hotel was obvious and the guards (both women &amp; men) were friendly and for anyone (young or elderly) who like a nice walk in the evening without going to the strip the Tuscany's 2 1/2 acres makes a lovely night stroll and gives plenty of photo opportunities.	
Aug 21 2004	over-nighter	When I booked this hotel I was alittle apprihensive becaue of the reveiws I read on this site, but someone I knew said it was a great place so I thought I would give it a try anyway. I booked the hotel room directly from Tuscany and asked for a non-smoking room, and a fold out couch. When I arrived there were no more non-smoking rooms. I told them at the front desk desk I had pre-paid for a non-smoking room. They said I should have called that morning to make sure because it was first come first serve. I told them they should have told me that when we booked it . When it was time for bed I opend the couch and there was no bedding in it and non in the room. The casino itself was nice but the service was not good. I orded a drink and never saw the server again. Maybe you have to order a drink at the dollar machine not the Betty Boop nickle michine.. I don't know. The next time I stay in Vegas I will stay at a better hotel with better service.	
Aug 21 2004	Tuscany suites -- good value for money	We stayed here in two groups in August 2004 and were very pleased with the Tuscany. We have stayed in various hotels in Las Vegas over the years and I think this is certainly as good as any in the same price range. The hotel is perhaps half a mile off of the strip on Flamingo and sits in its own small grounds, which makes a pleasant change from high rise blocks. The rooms are very large and in one of our parties we had a couple of children in the same room, so having a lot of extra space with a setee &amp; armchair was very good. The rooms also have refrigerators &amp; some have microwaves &amp; cookers (no utensils we noticed though). The pool area was grassed and good sized considering the number of guests, the pool was very clean and nice and the area was kept clean. We stayed at the Excalibur a few years back and the pool area was invariably littered, overcrowded and quite dirty - so this was a nice change. We were also checked in quickly and I never once saw people being held up at reception, which is again a bit of novelty in Vegas where we have before now had to wait more than an hour to check in. You get what you pay for and yes I think there might have been an odd niggling problem like a wardrobe door falling off but it was fixed quickly and it was overall value for money....	
Aug 10 2004	Deplorable customer service at Tuscany	I stayed at this hotel while on a trip last month with friends to celebrate my 40th bday. The hotel itself was beautiful, as were our suites, and it wasn't a far walk to the Strip. But the customer service in every aspect of the hotel was deplorable. It started at the front desk, continued at the pool area where we were ignored by the cocktail server, and extended into the hotel casino main bar where the bartender didn't know the meaning of good customer service. Room service was also lacking. A bottle of champagne was supposed to be in my suite when I arrived - it showed up over 4 hours later.I would definitely not recommend staying at this place just to save a few bucks like we did. Next time I go to Vegas, I'm staying at a place on the Strip that is reputable and shares my belief that a little customer service goes a long way.	
Aug 10 2004	good value large rooms	have stayed at tuscany a few times. very large rooms, 600 sq. ft suite, for the same price as a reg. room on the strip. front desk staff is very helpful, along with the restaurant staff. ate at the cafe a few times, very good prices for average food. can't really expect great food for only $1-2 specials. small quiet casino, great for gettin away from the noisy, smoke-filled strip. maid service is okay, though they take a while to fulfilll requests. and though it is a walk from the strip, not bad at all if your driving, since it's location allows you to use the less traveled roads to get around the traffic. will definitely stay here again in the future.	
Aug 7 2004	I expected more!!!!	We stayed at the Tuscany form July 30, 2004 - August 7, 2004. Check in went well although I needed a crib and one was not available until the following night. The hotel was off the strip and was within walking distance but it is not a walk you would want to take late at night. If you want to walk to the strip this hotel would not be a recommendation. The rooms were big but do not have separate sleeping areas. Problems we had were the toilet paper holder was ripped off the wall, there were stains on the floor and it was not what I expected from a fairly new hotel. The staff was helpful enough, although my sister had a problem in the casino with a security guard that was rude about her children being in the casino. If you have never been to vegas understand there is no way to get anywhere without walking through the casino. The pool area was crowed and you ended up sitting in the grass if you decided to swim in the afternnon or early evening. All in all we had a great Vegas experience and are going to come back again but would DEFINATELY stay on the strip.	
Jul 20 2004	Tuscany Suites	Tuscany Suites are spaceous as well as very clean and neat . The best part is you don't spend all of your money on a room . Extra money for shows and food . Second time we stayed , and are going back again for Labor Day weekend ! A short walk to main street . A big savings on my wallet !My wife and I don't spend our time at Vegas laying around the Hotel room , so why spend all your money on the BIG hotel rooms ..	
Jul 5 2004	Just OK	Stayed at the Tuscany 2 nights in June 04. If you walk to the strip, It IS a hike, and you don't pass any stores or restaurants on the way. I booked the room with Travelworm and was told it was a suite. It was a huge room with 2 beds and a couch. One TV. I wanted a suite so the kids could sleep while the adults stayed awake. There was a kitchen area, but there was no microwave (and none available) and although there were 2 burners, there were no pots or pans to use with it. I asked for discount coupons, fun book, etc. at the desk and was told because I booked with Travelworm, I was not entitled to these discounts. I asked the concierge for restaurant menus because their restaurant was closed during our stay, and was told to read the magazine which was in the room. Our beds were not fully made the second day. The pool area was very nice, though. If you stay here, you will never know you are in Vegas, it is very quiet. We had great rates, (43.00/night w/o taxes) but I would have rather paid more and had a better Vegas experience.	
Jul 4 2004	Infested with cockroaches	I had an absolutely terrible experience with this hotel and I would not recommend it even to an enemy. The place is full of cockroaches. I found a few while I was there for a week. I complained, and was given a new room, which was also full of these insects, so there was nowhere to run. I asked for a compensation, but was refused by the manager, allegedly because I had a prepaid vacation (but got a gift certificate to a small amount for their coffee which serves horrendous food.) When I complained again the next day to another manager, he told me in a sarcastic manner that he would gladly help me find another place if I am not happy with Tuscany, and if I would pay for it. I said that all I wanted was a room free of bugs, and he said that he cannot guarantee that at all.By the way, this is not the only problem, though it is the worst. The first day of my arrival, I could not open the room door (broken lock, or smt. similar), so I had to be transferred to another room. The second room did not have a working safe, so I had to spend more time waiting for repairman to come and fix it.Well, my experience in this hotel was a real nightmare, and I really have nothing nice to say about it.Lili	
Jul 4 2004	Infested Rooms unprofessional management	Booked Tuscany hotel through Expedia and read some other reviews which suggested it was a decent place. Location is good. Although it's only about 500m from the Strip, you really feel it during hot weather, however. Place looks nice enough and the pool area is plain but picturesque.The place is infested with bugs, however. I know that it is to be expected that an occasional meeting with the local wildlife is going to occur, however if you can't handle cockroaches, spiders and silverfish, then I would suggest some other place. Bumped into 4 large (8cm long) cockroaches within 36hr of signing into the room. You'll also bump into them outside late at night crossing your path as you walk to your buildings or in the hallways between buildings. When I complained, management was very unfriendly but eventually agreed to move me to another room. That room had a large spider nesting on the celing directly above the bed. I know cockroaches are harmless (though disgusting) but I'm not sure about spiders down south, so I stuck with the first room. Better the devil you know then the devil you don't.The staff themselves were friendly but they didn't have any power to actually do anything. Management was simply insulting to me.	
Jun 27 2004	Excellent choice	First time to visit Las Vegas and wasn't sure where to stay. Picking the Tuscany was the best decision made. It was an excellent place. The room was very large and clean. The whole property was very well kept. If I were to return I would definitely stay at the Tuscany again.	
Jun 16 2004	Loved the Tuscany!!!!!!	This was my first trip to Vegas and let me just say it will not be my last. I absolutely loved it and the Tuscany played a big role in that! Everyone was so hospitable, especially J.P. when we needed anything for our room.The trip was an anniversary gift to my boyfriend from me so I had to do all of the leg work. Everyone that I talked to told me that it was a must to stay on the strip. I looked around and there was not much in my price range that seemed decent on the strip except for the Tropicana. I stumbled upon the Tuscany on a web search and was so happy that I did. My boyfriend was amazed at the price that I got for the room for the quality that we received. After visiting the Tropicana I am relieved that I went with my instinct and stayed at the Tuscany rather than the Tropicana.The short walk to the strip is bearable (under 10 mins) even in 109 degree heat. We were there from 5/31-6/9 and man was it hot. The rooms are very spacious and everyone in the hotel was wonderful. We ate at both restaraunts more than once and found the food to be very good and affordable (99 cent breakfast from 11pm-7am). The casino is small, but is a nice change of pace from the big casinos on the strip.The pool is very nice and the cocktail servers very friendly. Wednesday nights are great because they have a pool party with a band that plays the steel drums and cheap drinks...it was terrific!! I was actually glad to be a little off of the strip because it was good to get away from the crowds when I was ready to settle down. I will be going back to Vegas and I will stay at the Tuscany...I would recommend this place to anyone.	
Jun 15 2004	comfortable	rooms were large, clean and functional...after all, we spent just a few hours to sleep, change, and shower....most of the time we were out enjoying Vegas and all the activity.Was quite close to the strip...a 10 minute walk got us to the centre of town...and we had all the necessities...fridge, tV, clock,kitchenette and a separate bath...worth the cost, definetly!Staff were a bit anonymous, but that was ok with us...we did our own thing. Had 4 days only and would like another trip in the future...accomodation will be cost-based again. 	
Jun 9 2004	Tuscany Suites - What a value.	Arrived Monday afternoon, stayed thru Friday.It was great! Clean Large Room, without a large price. Only problem we had was finding the laundry room.	
Jun 9 2004	good and bad points	 The Tuscany is a fairly new hotel, about 18 months old. It's about a 1/2 mile off the strip and, probably because of that, taxi service is pretty hit and miss. A couple of times we had to wait up to 10 minutes for a taxi (which is an eternity, compared to anywhere on the strip) You can walk to the strip, but there's not much to see along that part of E Flamingo, and it will be a hot, sticky 10 minute walk. The rooms are spacious, compared with other Vegas hotels, and we found them pleasant and comfortable. We had few meals at the hotel. The food was average, but not too expensive.  We found the staff, for the most part, to be helpful and courteous. Overall, the Tuscany is a pleasant enough place to lodge, but, personally, next time I'll opt for one of the Hotels on the strip.P	
Jun 6 2004	Very good place for Vegas veterans	We stayed 7 nights at The Tuscany. The hotel was an excellent value--big room with fridge, microwave &amp; coffee maker. Excellent service throughout the property. Ate at both restaurants and both were delicious and low priced. Terrific cocktail service weither we were playing nickels or dollars. Small casino with any slot/VP/ or table game you 'd want. Good slot club--we were comped room and food and given $60 cash back. This was our 5th trip so we've done about everything--The Tuscany is great place to stay to get away from the strip crowds, but close enough to go there if you want. Great place!	
Jun 2 2004	My Excellent Vegas Holiday!	Well I didn't know what to expect going to Las Vegas, this was my first time to America and we chose the party and gambling capital!I was absolutley thrilled with it, it was the best holiday I have been on by far.We stayed at The Tuscany Suites which is just off the strip. It is a 3 * hotel which is gorgeous, the rooms are massive and very well maintained. The hotel staff were very accomodating and always got us a taxi as soon as we walked out the door.We had to cram all we could into 4 short days, so all in all we had about 3 hours sleep we just didn't have time.We took a plane ride over the Grand Canyon (from the top of my head i cant think who we went with but if anyone needs the name please email me and i can certainly find out). The trip cost $169 and includes pick up from your hotel, the plane ride in a 7 seater sesner, which was a really strange experience but pretty cool. Then you get dropped of at an Indian reservation where they cook you lunch, then you fly back. The whole trip is about 6 hours or so.My favourite clubs in Vegas were Studio 54 which is in the MGM Grand and The Ghostbar, which is on the top of a hotel (the Rio I think) which is 54 stories high and has a glass floor, my advice is dont look down when you have had a few bevvies, I nearly saw them all again.On our last night we decided to make it a biggun, in more ways than one by seeing The Chippendales! OH MY GOD!!! These men are sooooooooooo gorgeous, great bodies and really good dance routines. I was sat at the front and was eyeing up this one really sexy man and he ripped off his shirt and gave it to me, I was in heaven! Im so easily pleased.Also being English the men seemed to love us, they kept asking us to speak to them, got lots of free drinks that way.Anyway it was a wicked holiday and we are planning on going back later this year.	
May 24 2004	Not all that great	I stayed at The Tuscany the weekend of 05/21-05/23 with my girlfriends (all of us in our mid 20's). The only plus I seen in the place were that the rooms are really big. Besides that, nothing else really impressed me. The service by the employees was not all that great. Most of them were rude. The rooms are a good walk from the casino. It takes FOREVER to get a taxi I'm assuming since it is a distance off the strip. We went to Vegas 2 weeks ago and stayed at The Westin which was by far a better stay than the Tuscany. It just didn't do anything for me =(	
May 15 2004	We were nervous	We were nervous about where to stay after reading the reviews of the other hotels and didn't want our trip to be end up being all about a bad hotel experience. I can't say enough about the Tuscany.Very friendly staff, huge rooms and very clean bathrooms. The pool area is lovely-like a mini tropical island. We didn't have problems with chairs, towels or the sprinklers going off like other people had reported. It was very nice to come back to a quiet and smaller place after a day at the larger ,smokey,noisey hotels. I recommend it to all my friends and would definitely return.	
May 9 2004	Great Hotel	Stayed for a week, room huge, food great, pool clean, staff friendly, weather hot. Five star	
Apr 15 2004	Everything you could want	Wow. My family just spent eight days/seven nights at the Tuscany and we couldn't have asked for more. The staff was great. The price was right. Everything was terrific quality. The hotel is close to everything. Best of all, it's manageably small and family-friendly. You really feel at home and hate to leave. Not only WOULD I go back to the Tuscany, I WILL go back as soon as I can.	
Apr 8 2004	More bad than good	First the the good. The room is large and well furnished.It has a seperate bath and shower. Now the bad. They have a stringent 3:00pm check in so dont get there early. The first thing we found was the exhaust fan hanging out of the wall.(these are very loud) along with the electrical wall socket for the TV. When ever someone else let their door close the pictures on the wall shook.Sound proofing was nil. You can hear the people above you walking around. The food was reasonable in price but below average in quality. The slots are not at all loose. We stayed two nights in March 2004. We wont stay there again. Las Vegas has alot of nicer places to stay.	
Mar 17 2004	Great for conventions	I come to Vegas every year and stay about two weeks setting up and working at a convention. Tuscany is my favorite for doing a trade show. First of all, the rates are excellent. Secondly, it's quiet and away from the strip and you don't have to walk a mile through the casino to get to your room. Third, the rooms are huge and comfortable, and there's plenty of room to spread out and do work. You will want a car when you stay here because, like all the hotels off the strip, cabs do not come by often (and cabs in Vegas are expensive! You'll save money in the long run renting a car). The hotel is about a year old, and as long as they keep the rooms in top shape, I'll stay here. When you're in town for two weeks, the casinos get old really fast. Tuscany is different, and much nicer.	
Mar 14 2004	NOT WHAT THE REVIEWS SAY!	We just spent four nights at the Tuscany. At 3 P.M., check-in time, we were the only people at the desk and it still took at least 45 min. to get checked in. Even though we had made our reservations 2 months in advance, they were unable to find three available rooms. They finally sent us to the rooms and told us that one was being cleaned at that moment and it wouldn't be available for a few minutes. When we reached the room, no one was there cleaning as they had said and no one showed up until about 1/2 hour later. Three of us sat in the hallway floor waiting for the room for an hour and 15 minutes.Another time our toilet overflowed just as we were getting ready to leave. We called for a plunger and was told they would send one right up. It didn't come. I called 4 or 5 times over the next hour and a half...the entire time we had seven people waiting on us for dinner. Finally my husband went down to the managers office to complain and they got snotty because he walked in after knocking and no one answering.It took us two days to get an alarm clock because they kept saying it had to come from housekeeping and housekeeping wouldn't bring one.I, personally, thought the food was awful in the restaurant and the front desk staff was very unpleasant and unhelpful when we asked any questions. Most of the housekeeping staff and maintenance did not speak English and we were unable to communicate with them.The rooms were clean and large, but there were no dishes, napkins, utensils, etc. to use with the kitchenette. One room was supposed to be smoking and it wasn't and one room did not have a working air conditioner. When we called to complain we usually got a promise of it being taken care of in 5 min. and then nothing. We eventually knew better and the 5 min. thing got to be a joke with our entire group. After that when they would tell us 5 min. we burst out laughing.I'm not a hard to please person, but this motel was not what we expected from the reviews on this page. Other than the large clean rooms, I was not impressed at all. Service was an all time low!	
Feb 25 2004	Tuscany? Never again!	Stayed here last year (2003) and loved the size of the room we had. It was HUGE and so spacious. Everything was new, the bathroom was humongous but riddled with touch up paint so you could tell the place had been hastily built and booked. When we left my girlfriend realized she had left her keys and some clothes in the room so we called from the airport to see if anything had been turned in and after spending three hours battling with security the only response we recieved was: &quot;Procedure is for housekeeping to turn in anything left in the rooms, nothing was turned in therefore you left nothing.&quot; Thanks guys, we understand that they are supposed to turn stuff in, the fact remains we had to get new car keys, house keys, and keys for work because of the housekeeping staff. My advice, check your room twice before you leave and make sure ANYTHING valuable is in a safe!! Overall you couldn't pay me to stay there again. This year we're going to the Imperial Palace.	
Feb 18 2004	Getting a taxi- impossible	This place is located behind Balleys about a block or so. The registration went very well though we checked in at 5:30pm that isn't a popular time for check in. We had tickets to a show at the MGM Grand at 8:00pm. We went down to the front to get a cab at 7pm. Some people had been waiting for 20 minutes or more for a cab so we decided to just go to Bally's. I guess 2/14 is a busy busy night. There weren't any cabs there either. But we had a hard time the entire time we were there getting a cab. The room was huge. We were by the ice and elevator it was very nosiy and when we turned the heat/cooling on it made so much noise that the TV had to be very loud to hear it. We did ask to get switched to another room but they were unable to accomodate that until after 3pm and then we had to take a room that was a smoking room, in a smoking blg. it was pretty bad. The heating/cooling in that room was just as bad but without the additonal ice and elevator noise. The pool and grounds are beautiful and the hot tub was huge though only open till 10pm. Having to wait 15-20 minutes or more for taxis was a major problem. I would stay there once more just to see if it is better than this time. But would have a car then.	
Feb 11 2004	excellent hotel will be back	they say everything you get in america is big and the room we got in the tuscany was really big. we stayed there recently on a recent trip around the west coast of the usa and were truly impressed by the tuscany. when we go back we will certainly consider staying ther again as the suites were huge and had everything you would want. food in the restaurant was good value and the staff were very friendly and helpful.as the govenor would say i'll be back.	
Feb 5 2004	small smart friendly big rooms food good and prices good hey what more do you want	small smart friendly big rooms food good and prices good hey what more do you wantmy review title says it all	
Jan 30 2004	Suite Experience	My family and I stayed at the Tuscany Hotel and Casino (January 23-25). We checked in after 7pm and had our room within 10 minutes. The hotel rooms are located away from the casino. We stayed in building &quot;B&quot; which was located right in front of Flamingo Avenue. We intended on making the trip an adult only thing, but the kids (ages 5 and 6) came along anyway. The room was CLEAN, LARGE, and COMFORTABLE. It totally felt like a suite. The bathroom had a tub and a shower. The room had a &quot;sitting area&quot; with a couch and a chair. We also had a &quot;dining area&quot; with a round table and 4 chairs. There even was a mini-frige, microwave, and stove. So, if you're planning a trip with kids this is the PERFECT place. We plan on staying here again whether the kids come along or not. You can walk to Bally's (it's not a far walk) and take the monorail to other casinos. Tuscany's casino isn't the biggest, but plenty of people looked like they were having fun. As for the serivce, many big resorts don't have to rely on being polite in order to get people to come back. I never encountered 1 rude person during our stay. I felt as if we were treated like they wanted us to come back on our next visit to Las Vegas. We've stayed at Monte Carlo, Luxor, Aladdin, and New York-New York. Tuscany is a great deal for a great room. E-mail me if you've got any questions.	
Jan 29 2004	Once I got the right room	I stayed at the Tuscany for a couple of nights. The only compliant that I had was upon checking in I approached the front desk with a giant size &quot;lit&quot; cigar and was sent to a non-smoking room. I then spent 30 min. before getting to a room that was a smoking room with a King bed after two previous stops at other rooms. But I must say, after finally getting situated, the stay was plesant and the staff was friendly and courteous. Especially Bin at the front desk. He went out of his way to help me with show tickets and other things that I needed. You guys had better tyake care of him before one of the larger properties scoop him up, once again Bin, thank you.	
Jan 19 2004	New Found Home	Stayed at Tuschany Nov.30-Dec.2,2003. We had gone by this hotel/resort many times but had nev er stayed. The rooms were large and very nice. The location is close tp strip and several small casinos including its own which is excellent. We went back several times after we left. The staff is excellent, helpful, curtious, and friendly. The Marilyn Cafe is wonderful. Good prices and good food. This is one of Vegas's best kept secrets. We will for a return stay in the near future.	
Dec 11 2003	A great place to stay	We were very impressed with the Tuscany after staying at many of the on-strip and off-strip properties in Las Vegas. The rooms are large, clean, and well equiped. There is a very nice pool and hot tub. The exercise room is spacious and well equiped with modern machines. There is also a lap pool and hot tub seperate from the main pool. The casino is nice and well ventillated. It has a lot of video poker machines with good pay scales ( 10-7 double bonus, full pay dueces.) There is also a good selection of the &quot;penny machines&quot; which my wife loves to play. The bar tenders are friendly and efficient. Service by the cocktail waitresses seemed quite slow, but they were all friendly and quite personable. I was a little disappointed in the casual dress of the employees. It was difficult to tell who was an employee and who was a customer. However the bikini clad blackjack dealers at the Monday Night Football Party was a nice touch. We were very comfortable, and would definitely stay there again.	
Dec 9 2003	More like a mile to the strip	Well, where do I start? The only really good thing to say about the hotel is that the rooms are huge and clean. We requested a crib before we arrived and there were none available upon check-in. We were promised one &quot;first thing in the morning&quot; and we had to call twice to ask for one and finally got a crib at 8:00 the next night. It is over a mile to the strip and they must contract out with a specific cab company because we never waited less than 45 minutes for a cab from the hotel. There weren't enough pool chairs to accomodate the guests. At least 20 people had to put towels down on the ground and around 5:00 the sprinklers came on soaking everyone. I would definitely spend the extra money to stay on the strip next time and avoid all the hassle.	
Nov 26 2003	Excellent	This place was much more then I expected. The room was very large, clean, quiet, and comfortable. Small cooking area, table and chairs, couch and chair. I'm not a gambler but for anyone that is, the casino is small. The food was decent, no complaints there, good price too. If you don't mind being two long blocks from the strip. This is a great place to stay. Check in and out was quick and pain free. I would definitly stay here again and will recommend this to friends. For the price this place was excellent.	
Nov 11 2003	Great new hotel fabulously large for 4	Wonderful new hotel 2 (long city) blocks from the strip. Very clean suite-style rooms with plenty enough space for 4 people. Staff were friendly and prompt enough. Grounds are well-kept and well-manicured, nice pool area, decor is quaint Tuscan. Try the Palazzo restaurant inside the hotel if you love Italian. All dishes we had were superb, unusual for Vegas/Casino/Hotel fare. Room prices were quite reasonable, especially with a convention in town (when DOESN'T Las Vegas have a convention?). Will book with them again.	
Nov 11 2003	Superb Location Superb deal	I stayed in Vegas for two nights and just booked it off the net not really knowing where i was staying. I was very lucky because this hotel is only a ten minute walk from the centre of the strip which meant that my blisters were smaller than they could of been! The hotel is really clean and tidy and the rooms are huge. Check in was quick which is more than can be said for the airport terminal like queues in some of the strip hotels. The casino is a nice size, the food good and reasonably priced. If you don't mind not being in one of the big ones, then this is the place to stay.	
Nov 5 2003	really enjoyed tuscany hotel	We just got back from Las Vegas where we stayed at the Tuscany Hotel. Our room was very big and clean. We had a view of a garden walkway and the next building. Which was ok. It was very quiet and the staff was nice. We didn't care for the casino though. The dealers were not friendly and so we walked over to the Flamingo and had a great time there. It is easy walking to different hotels and the cab's are always available if you want to go farther and it didn't cost that much to get around town. The door men were very helpful and friendly. The food in the cafe was very good. We didn't try the nicer restaurant. I loved their prime rib sandwich. And the cafe is open 24 hours. I would recommend this hotel to others. Oh, and plenty of towels and hot water. Room service is slow and they didn't bring everything I had asked for. But overall I would give the Tuscany a high score.	
Oct 29 2003	Not too bad!	You can't beat the price! We paid under $60.00 for our room which was clean, spacious, and in excellent working order. Upon arrival, the front desk errored (saying they had only a room available for 3 of the 4 nights we booked), however they did overcome that obstacle. It is located a good hike from the strip, especially if you've been on your feet all day. We were able to take a bike taxi to the Tuscany from the strip. The pool and lobby are beautiful. If you don't compare to the super hotels on the strip, this is quite a nice hotel.	
Oct 18 2003	Enjoyed our stay	Stayed at the Tuscany June 2003. Enjoyed it so much we returned in September. The room was spacious and very clean. Never a wait for breakfast or lunch. Reasonably priced menu for dinner. My type of casino....not loud or congested...We will be back.	
Oct 15 2003	summer nightmare	Billing department is messed up, Any promotions needs to be check, otherwise they will be misleading.During Summer, They had ants, crawling on top of their kitchen counters, I called several times for maintanance but no luck, It took 6 hrs. before they can fix the problem. Still after a spray, Ants came back.Who would want to stay and sleep with ants, Not safe if you have children.I stayed recently August of 2003. When I complained with the manager, They can't help it, it is summer......	
Oct 13 2003	Great Room for the Price	I visited Tuscany with 2 friends over Labor Day weekend (2003). We are in grad school and were looking for a nice room on a budget (non-Strip prices during the holiday weekend). A friend had previously stayed at Tuscany and liked the room. Our room was basically a suite, though without any dividing wall--and fit the 3 of us perfectly. The bathroom was nice and had a separate shower and large tub, plus a huge full-length mirror that was helpful when we were getting dressed to go out. The closet was a bit small but we were only there for the weekend so we managed to make it work. We enjoyed the main restaurant, great service and good food. Our room was relatively quiet but then again we weren't in it all that often. The only downside? Because Tuscany is off the Strip there was sometimes a long wait to get a cab (they aren't just idling in front of the hotel). Plus, it's major cab fare to get to the clubs on the Strip. All in all though, Tuscany was great for the price.	
Sep 7 2003	Pity about the Fire Alarm	A good, new, clean, multicultural second division hotel located just off the main drag. Rooms are large - like a suite without the wall. Pleasant staff, nice buffet breakfast.Our trip was spoiled by someone setting of the fire alarm deliberately - at 3.45 am. Alarm did not stop for 45 minutes. Not the hotel's fault I suppose, except their security staff seemed slow to respond, but no appologies offered - no free meal - or free night offered to make up for a ruined day, due to lack of sleep, following the disturbance.Arrived at hotel at 11.am and they would not let us in until 3pm - because they said the room was occupied - we found out later that it was not -as the room was so hot at 3pm that we could not cool it down in time for a compfortable night (outside temp was over 100 when we arrived)Probably would not stay there again, but if you have a booking here already and are looking for guidance - I would probbly not cancel - try it for yourself	
Aug 29 2003	I'll never stay anywhere else...		
Aug 1 2003	Tuscany is GREAT for the price		
Jun 10 2003	Unprofessional Staff		
Jun 2 2003	Not horrible but not great		
Feb 21 2003	The place to stay		
Feb 19 2003	The Good The Bad The Ugly		
Feb 17 2003	Enjoyed the stay Tuscany!		
Dec 15 2002	Hated the Tuscany		
Dec 2 2002	Needs better management - will not go here again		
Nov 7 2002	Xtra large rooms		
Oct 7 2009 	bello!		
Feb 10 2009 	Preiswert		
Dec 14 2008	Schönes ruhiges Hotel nahe am Strip.		
Oct 4 2008	Une belle hacienda bien calme avec beaucoup de verdure...		
May 18 2008 	Bof" qualité/prix		
May 11 2008 	Sehr solide mit sehr viel Platz!		
Oct 4 2007 	Nettes Hotel mit italienischem Flair		
Jul 28 2007	Super Tuscany!		
Sep 4 2006 	Das Tuscany war eines der schönsten Hotels auf unserer Reise		
