Aug 1 2009 	A Loud No Frills Motel!!!	We stayed at the Best Western for one night while en route to Utah. We needed a motel that was close to the highway and a room where we could park our car in front of. After spending a fun night on the strip, we headed to the motel. It is far from the strip and is located in probably the worst part of Las Vegas. There are about 300-400 homeless people living in tents in the same neighborhoods. We got to the motel around midnight. Check-in was quick. The room was decent, and clean, nothing fancy. Just as we got into bed, we heard garbage trucks picking up the garbage. We heard these loud garbage trucks for another 45 minutes. When your tired and leaving early the next morning you expect to hear no noise. There is a McDonalds not far from the motel. Your right there by the highway which was a nice plus. Overall, this is a no frills motel that serves basic accomodations. I would not stay here again.	
Apr 26 2009 	Basic Far from Strip Loud	We just got back from a trip across the Southwest and flew into and out of Las Vegas. This hotel is far from the Strip, which is something we actually wanted. The rooms were basic- not super clean, but not disgusting. The neighborhood felt a little dicey- we passed a tent city 2-3 blocks long just down the road from the hotel. Our biggest complaint was the noise. We had a door in our room giving us the option of adjoining to the adjacent room. We could literally hear everything that went on the room next door- every word of their conversation, every time they changed channels on TV, everything. We could also hear lots of noise from the room above- when they walked around, when the toilet flushed.If you're going to Las Vegas to gamble and see the sights of the Strip, I would look elsewhere. If you need something inexpensive for a night or two, this would suffice. These are budget accommodations.	
Mar 16 2009 	Clean roomy nice restaurant and would allow our cats too!	Sure appreciated your having a room for us and our cats. This was the first time we have had to find hotels for the four of us. We were happy when the manager said the cats were welcome. We all enjoyed our night. Many thanks.	
Nov 30 2008 	Basic Accommodations - No Frills but No Surprises	If you are looking for a glitzy place on the Vegas Strip - this isn't it. But if you are looking for basic, clean accommodations that will get you out of town fast, then this property might do.I would best describe this as a &quot;contractor's hotel&quot; - a place where working guys stay that are looking for clean, functional, nothing fancy and close to transportation routes. This hotel fit that description and the main clientele seemed to be contractor types. It was a basic, clean and quiet hotel room at a basic price. The hotel restaurant provided a good breakfast (not included in room price) and for those so inclined, the hotel bar is open 24/7.The only negative aspect to our stay was the night clerk photocopied our ID at check-in saying it was management policy to do so. At 3 AM and after 12 hours of travel, we were not in the mood to argue. The next morning when asked about the above, the manager just shook her head and returned the photocopy to us.This is the sort of place you stay at when you are really going somewhere else.	
Sep 25 2008 	Nice clean and quiet.	This is a very nice motel for the price. The room was big and comfortable with many amenities and there was a nice Italian restaurant and 24 hour mini-casino right on the property. The desk clerk was extremely nice and welcoming. The exits leading to this motel have been temporarily torn down (through '09) and we had to backtrack through a bad neighborhood to get there, but this place is fenced and secure and quiet. You can easily walk to the downtown Fremont Street area, but the strip is a long ways off. A good place to relax.	
Jun 14 2008 	Great Place to Stay!	Best Western Main Street Inn1000 North Main StreetLas Vegas, NV[--]$42.50/night, on-line rate + $15.00/night/pet pet fee, cats acceptedCable TV, coffee maker, on-site laundry, and ice machine available. No refrigerator or microwave. Free wi-fi.We called ahead to ask if we would be allowed to check in early. I explained we were travelling with two cats and had been on the road for some days and needed to do laundry. When we got to the hotel later that day to check in, Phyllis at the desk was the same person I had spoken to. She remembered that I had mentioned we needed to do laundry and had given us a room near the laundry room. Phyllis also asked how our cats were surviving the trip, and hoped they would enjoy their stay. We were also given vouchers for two free beers and 10% off at the hotel’s restaurant. After thanking Phyllis, we went to our room.The room was very clean and large, with two queen beds, a desk, a table, and a large television. The bathroom was also a good size and there were two sinks. Our room was in a quiet part of the hotel and spent a relaxing afternoon doing laundry and napping. We also went to a nearby In-N-Out Burger for a late lunch, which I recommend. That evening we went out to the strip, and the evening clerk was most helpful in telling us how to get to the strip, where to park, and suggestions for what to see. We spent a comfortable night and in the morning packed up and said good-bye to Phyllis. If we find ourselves in Las Vegas again, we will definitely stay there.	
Aug 21 2007 	Best place to stay for the price	Stayed at this Best Western for three nights Sun, Mon and Tues in mid-August. Service was good and room was very clean and quiet. The price was 54 a night . Not bad for Vegas ! It is located on the corner of Main and Washington. I traveled with my wife and two kids on our way to the Grand Canyon. We had stayed here three years ago on a similar trip. It was great then and still is today! It's out of the way of the hustle and bustle of the strip. It was an easy drive to the strip and parking is free in several places if you use their outer parking lots.	
Apr 23 2007 	Good Hotel But has some drawbacks	Good Motel, clean, quiet, economical and has all the services you need for a short stay.I had a 3 night stay for the purpose of attending a conference at the Hilton and was simply looking to save money on the hotel and was not looking for a luxurious Las Vegas experience.My colleagues and I also wanted to have some fun as you should in Vegas and felt the Best Western on Main Street was close enough to Fremont Street to walk to and from, which it was Positives1.Cheap2.Clean3.Good bar and Restaurant4.Staff is helpful5.Close enough to Fremont Street to walk (Day Time Only)6.Only a $5 - $6 cab ride from FremontNegatives1.If you have business at any of the strip hotels, what ever money you save on your room you spend on cabs. 2.Cab fair from Airport is fairly high $26 +3.Not a great part of town – Don’t walk around at night and even during the day you should walk in pairs. In my opinion, this motel is best suited to those who are passing through town on the way to somewhere else. It is close enough to Fremont to have a fun night out in old Vegas and then move on the next day.	
Mar 22 2007 	Loved the Staff and the food was awesome!!	Las Vegas: Best Western Main StreetDate: Almost a year laterAdvisor: A TripAdvisor Member, Dallas Texas My best friend and I stayed at the Best Western, mainly for the price. We travel all over the United States for the bowling tournaments and boy were we surprised what this little Best Western had hidden inside!!  We arrived earlier than expected and found that the room that we had booked was not available as yet. We were there at 8 am, no surprise our room wasn't ready, but the staff worked on getting us a room. We went in for breakfast, to our surprise it was just like Texas...not only was there a large serving of food, but it was the way it was presented on the plate, very appealing! Before breakfast was over a room was available for us...first floor!! Great for two old ladies, no climbing steps this trip. And do you know how hard it is dragging those bowling balls up all those steps!! Of course you bowlers know! Our waiter was so friendly and charming, he and his girl friend took us out on the town the last night we were there. By time we said good bye to our new friends, including the bartenders, it was 4 am and our flight was at 9, who needs to sleep on vacation? The food was so great that we made sure that every meal was at the Best Western. The staff was so nice we made a promise that we would never stay anywhere else when we traveled to Las Vegas. Watch out Best Western, we're booking our date for the tournament...we'll see you soon!! Phyllis, Travis, and the rest of the staff...you are the BEST at Best Western!! Oh, the room was great too!!P.S. Travis and Carla, you don't have to ship our bowling balls back to us this time. Thanks for going out of your way to help us!	
Oct 24 2006 	They Take Pets	It was a clean room. The beds were fine, and the room was a typical BW- simple and basic.The front dest staff are unfriendly, except for a lady named Phyliss.It is a 7 minute drive to the strip, and about 3 minutes to the Downtown area. We did have some noisey neighbors- not sure if they were working girls or just serious partiers.DOGS- they allow pets, and this is the reason to stay here. Pretty much the only reason to stay, other than a cheap deal. We paid $50 dollars plus $15 for the dog. Quite reasonable if you ask me.	
Jun 13 2006	Decent place but far away from strip	Clean and comfortable but far away from strip in a not-too-nice part of city. Staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Stay here for value and if you're planning to visit off-strip attractions. You'll need to rent a car or plan to spend $$$ on cabs because you do not want to be walking in this area at night. Pool is clean but in the middle of the parking lot so not very inviting.	
May 27 2005 	Not the Best Western	Not located near the Strip, Convention Center or the Airport. Falsely advertised shuttle service. Their shuttle service was a mile walk to the city bus. Front desk employees were incredibly rude. I will NEVER stay in a Best Western again.	
Apr 27 2005	Good value basic hotel	This basic hotel was clean and comfortable. It is away from the strip and casinos with a nice pool. The price was a good value.	
Nov 11 2004	Not a Valid Charge	I booked a room for 10/26/04 for my brother, Nino with my credit card. I was told that my credit card would not get charged because Best Western doesn't charge charge for a booking unless its business travel. They stated that they will charge my brother's credit card when he arrives. A month later (November 10), I saw a charge on my credit card and I called the Corporate Headquarters on Wednesday, November 10, at 5:30 pm regarding this matter (1-800-937-8376). I asked for the manager and the clerk told me that he had the authority. I explained my situation and he hung up on me the first time. So I called him back again and he tried to avoid the issue and said &quot;sorry&quot;. This is will not reverse the charge on my credit card. It is not legal to charge someone's credit card without their authorization and this should be corrected immediately by Best Western. This is fraudulent business. Please take action and advise!	
Nov 20 2003	For last minute reservations only	Motel style. For a low last minute price, you can have a weekend room just to spend a quiet night away from the Strip. Don't expect too much amenities.	
Nov 20 2009 	Bien		
Feb 1 2008 	Solo per arrivi dell'ultimo momento - Sufficiente economico ma basilare.		
