Nov 20 2009 	Great time at SUmmer Bay	Stayed here through RCI points. We stayed in a brand new 1 bedroom on the third floor. Everything was brand new - granite countertops, nice appliances, washer/dryer. To have all the comforts of home was great. There was even a huge walk-in closet and a bathtub that could fit an entire family! The staff was very friendly and helpful when we needed directions. They also helped us get a good deal on a rental car. The location was convenient to the strip. You could walk if you want but the street there seemed a bit shady and I would not have wanted to walk through that way at night. However, the available shuttle's to Harrah's were great because it let you off mid-strip and you could walk wherever else. The pool was open 24 hours which was awesome. Parking is readily available. The balcony was great too.	
Nov 6 2009 	False advertising renter beware	The images on the website of the &quot;condos&quot; you will be staying in are not representative of the actual appearance, amenities, or level of luxury the website promises. When booking, I was not informed the pictures displayed on the website were not representative of the actual appearance. No stainless steel appliances, no granite counter tops, no flat screen TVs, broken kickboard below the kitchen sink (which was broken and laying on the floor with a screw sticking straight up), a knob was missing on the stove, all the a/c vents were broken in one way or another.... Renter beware. Reservations Management didn't care that i was mislead, I was not offered any compensation, if anything i was spoken to like i should have known better. I spoke with management regarding my dissatisfaction and gave them a chance to make things right, and they expressed no interest in doing so. Amenities are subpar, construction is not finished, internet is intermittent, shuttle service is spotty and very restrictive, maintenance is more worried about not working late than fixing any issues, staff is not friendly and the least bit professional, and the security on the property is a joke. We were only given a choice of 2 units upon check-in. Upon arrival at the unit, we found that the unit had outdated appliances, uncomfortable living room furniture, very uncomfortable outdated beds where the sheets had not even been done properly, and the bathroom was missing soap. The pillows were hard as a rock and air circulation within the unit is poor. Most of the remotes didn't work, or weren't even programmed to work with the tv.The only thing that was actually nice was the pool, hot tub and landscaping (where there was no construction). The walk to the strip from the hotel is scary. The only ways to get to the strip or the monorail is to venture through alley ways lined with vagrants and lined with empty bottles of cheap beer.	
Nov 4 2009	A Perfect Getaway Vacation	Stayed at this RCI Extra Vacation Getaway 8/21-28/09 with my grandson- what a great surprise! Management offered a clean, efficient 2 bedroom/2bath full granite kitchen, dining area, laundry area &amp; living room w/granite fireplace &amp; outside balcony overlooking one of the several pools. Coffee ready at the office every A.M. - the view of other casinos was great, especially at night. Shuttle &amp; room service provided, could not have been better - so friendly, especially Steve. We walked to Ellis Island - good food - best buffet in Vegas is The Wynn (excellent) See &quot;The Supranos&quot; &amp; don't miss the shuttle to downtown to see the light show! We are returning in 2010 - can't wait - I rate this as a 10........	
Oct 30 2009 	Rate resort highly on everything!	Spent October 18-25 in a one bedroom, second floor unit. Was able to walk to Sands Expo Center for AARP convention; shuttle bus service to the Strip throughout the day and for scheduled shopping trips. We did not want to rent a car and, fortunately, found that a car was not needed while staying at this resort.Unit was new in appearance, clean, comfortable with working a/c, flat screen tvs, appliances, etc. Staff drove guests in a golf carts to their units and carried the luggage into the unit. Staff friendly and helpful, guest oriented. Yes, renovations have slowed down because of the economy but I can overlook that as the resort offered so much more (location, conveniences, comfortable accommodations, service, wi-fi connection) that I would come back at a drop of a hat. I have traveled personally and professionally for decades, staying in pensions to five star hotels. I was quite happy with this property and recommend it wholeheartedly.	
Oct 29 2009 	Excellent	Just returned from a two week stay in a two bedroom apartment.Coluld not fault anything fromroom, staff, transport, swimming pool, booking shows and general helpfulness.would highly recommend.	
Oct 28 2009 	Very good $70 value when strip hotels wanted $150	I was over in Las Vegas on my own for a friend's wedding and booked my hotel late. Bills Gambling Hall was great on Tuesday and Wednesday for $75 and $80 respectively but then they wanted $150 or so for the Thursday, Friday, Saturday. Because I was just on my own and didn't mind walking 10 mins to the strip I looked on trip advisor and opted for Summer Bay &quot;Resort&quot;. Look, it's just a simple (big) room with a kitchen (unnecessary!!) and a good lounge (which I didn't use), a mega-size bath (I used the shower) and a washing machine &amp; drier. All in all none of these features was necessary for me but at the end of the day it was a comfy bed and only a minor inconvenience to walk to the strip. It isn't a hotel, it's a timeshare place where they're renting rooms that they haven't sold. All in all, though, excellent value for $70. Don't stay there mid week or if you're booking early, you'll get way better value from strip hotels; but for a last minute booking it was excellent and I was really happy to save $250 for a tiny amount of inconvenience. It really is only 10 mins from Flamingos but a bit of a dodgy walk through wasteland so don't book this hotel if you're an all female group!!	
Oct 21 2009 	Great getaway near the strip	We stayed at Summer Bay Desert Club as a timeshare exchange and had a great time. The resort is a couple blocks from the strip which makes it very cozy and not as hectic. The resort offers bus trips to a few of the casinos, but we walked half the time. And when we did go driving in our car, all the casinos have free self-parking. The resort was still under construction, but our room was facing away from the construction site and convenient to one of the five pools/jacuzzis. Eventually the resort will provide much more amenities and activities, but its pretty close to completion already. Our room was decorated very nicely with almost all new furnishings and appliances. The kitchen had very nice countertops and large flat screen TV's in the living room and both bedrooms. The bedrooms each had a King-sized bed and walk-in closet. And the master had a very nice large garden tub and separated toilet. It was a comfortably warm time for us to visit, but there was a working fireplace to use for the winter. Wireless internet was always available and fast. And housekeeping kept the rooms clean and neat a few times in the week we stayed there. We would definitely recommend the Summer Bay to all our friends and family when visiting Las Vegas.	
Oct 19 2009 	All one could want	A 10 min walk into the back of Harrahs or the Imperial Palace. No point in me repeating all that has been said about the rooms. All our luggage (6 cases) were lost on way out by USAirways and we had to go shopping for clothes. Had we been in a hotel it would have been a nightmare. What a godsend the washer and dryer turned out to be, I learned you can survive in Vegas on two pair of shorts and shirts if you have the home comforts. Viva Summer Bay.All night pool and jacuzzi were great for unwinding in the early hours on return from the Strip. The only downside was the Internet connection problems that were ongoing. We were told this was due to the construction work interfering with the automated phone password system. Why each room has to have a different password that has to be changed on a daily basis? I do not know. Excessive security, they should just give a generic password to guests on arrival. I think this was the thing that annoyed most guests during my stay.I would certainly stay at the place again if in Vegas with Family, will be truly wonderful when construction work is completed. They should have set aside an area with some fitness equipment that would suffice until they get the Fitness Centre completed.I have used the diner buffet in the Imperial Palace, Harras and The Paris would rate them in that order. Was a bit disappointed with the Paris. The prime Rib in the Imperial Palace was quite possible the nicest piece of meat I have ever eaten (I have been eating a lot of meat for 50 yrs). That Good, I ate it twice.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great Vacation	Our vacation at Summer Bay Resorts Desert Club Las Vegas was a very enjoyable one. I was expecting much worse, from the reviews I read on Trip Advisor, then what I saw when I arrived at Summer Bay on Sunday 9/13/09. There was no main entrance only a canopy for the security guard to stand under, the main pool and amenities were still under construction. However, when we checked in the staff was extremely friendly and accommadating. I requested a room on the first floor with a view of the pool, I didn't want to see any of the construction. The woman at the front desk gave me a map with a few different room numbers so I could see for myself where I wanted to stay. I decided on building #17, which was at the end of the resort on the first floor with a view of the pool and the grounds. We stayed there for 7 nights along with my cousin and his wife . The four of us enjoyed sitting outside under the huts for lunch or cocktails, we also took advantage of the barbeque grills. Everyone at the resort was extremely friendly. Also, everyone morning the grounds were manicured, pool cleaned and the barbeque grills were also cleaned, which I was very impressed by.The only suggestion I have is for the resort to hurry up and finish the construction, it would be that much better once this is done. Also, there are no umbrellas by the lounge chairs at the pool. It is very sunny and you cannot sit there for very long. The room we had was very nice, granite counter tops, fireplace, bedrooms were a nice size with huge closets. Everything was very clean and new. It was a good long block from the strip, directly behind Imperial Palace and Harrahs, it was convenient to area restaurants and shops. I would definitely recommend the resort, if you want something away from the strip.	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice place to stay but must walk or ride to get to the strip.	Beautiful grounds even though the main entrance, clubhouse and pool are still under construction. The 1 bedroom condo was small but very comfortable. Flat screen TVs in bedroom and living room, DVD player and stereo unit also. The kitchen was well equipped too......if you plan to cook on vacation (not me!). It's great to have a refrigerator and microwave though. There were 4 very nice pools to choose from even though the main pool was not finished yet.The resort is a very nice place to stay but if you plan to spend a lot of time on the strip you'll have walk or use a car. It's a pain when you plan to eat all your meals out. I did enjoy not having to trapes through the hotel/casino to get to the pool.	
Oct 2 2009 	Almost perfect (I just hope they don't scale back the service)	The Good1. ResortBooked through RCI. Resort is still under construction and will be for several months at least. Everything that was done was top notch. 2. The RoomOur room was a 2 bedroom, 2 bath apartment. King size beds, full kitchen, laundry room w/ iron and ironing board, every kitchen appliance needed, cookware, dishes, silverware, plasma TVs and great AC. 3. Shuttle ServiceNeed a ride to the front of the resort? Done. Golf carts will pick you up instantly. Shuttles to the Strip, Fremont and Von's are ALWAYS on time and are pretty convenient. 4. Front Desk/ConciergeFantasticThe Bad1. 3 new plasma high-def TVs and only 3 HD channels. If you spend the money on the TVs spend the money on HD programming. 2. Our pool had way too much chlorine. We complained and they drained and refilled the pool and hot tub the next day. 3. Housekeeping did a great job cleaning the room and restocking the towels and such but they threw away our souvenir beer bottles and Paris casino glasses. The Toss-upThe resort is not far from the strip, about 8/10 of a mile. It is located between the Flamingo and Imperial Palace. It isn't too far to walk once or twice but if you are staying in town for a week having to wait for the shuttles or trying to go to the Strip after midnight might get annoying.	
Sep 29 2009 	Couldnt Ask For Better!!	My husband and I went to Summerbay resorts and it was by far the best place off of the strip. The resort was only a block and a half away from the strip.Very peaceful for being so close!!! So it was a perfect location. We were a little scared of staying there because of the reviews on the internet. But we did not have any problems at all. They offered a shuttle service that goes all over the place. The shuttle was GREAT!!! The drivers are a little scary, but I suppose that is &quot;city folk&quot; and the way they drive. We expected the front desk personel to be aweful like how they were on the phone, but that was not true either. They were kind and helped us with everything and anything they could. The 2 bedroom place was not one of the updated rooms, but for it not be updated, it was also GREAT!!! We had a dishwasher, washer and dryer, a private patio, full fridge, pots and pans and dishes. They housekeeping came almost everyday to give us new/ fresh towels, dish soap, laundry soap, etc. I would recommend this place to ANYONE!!!! Best bang for your buck!!!! Now its time for some advice for anyone who is thinking about going there, or already booked a stay there.... Request second floor, request pool side, and make you sure during your stay you go to the grocery store and stock up on a few things.... The only bad thing about this place, Summerbay is not for younger people! Alot of older and retired people staying there, so there is no eyecandy at the pool. If you are loud and looking to have parties!!! Please dont stay there and ruin it for the ones who go to Vegas to relax!!!!	
Sep 10 2009 	Great Place	We travel two or three times a year. Mostly - All-Inclusives to the carribean. This was our first time share experience. Things we liked - The resort: The staff is very polite and helpful. The resort is a block or two from the Strip and has shuttles that take you everywhere - Harrahs, Planet Hollywood, Fremont Street and the outlet stores, just to name a few. You are supposed to sign up for the shuttle to the grocery store and Fremont Street. Everytime we called to reserve a spot on the shuttle the front desk said it was full, but it was never full. So, don't go by what the front desk says, just show up for the shuttle. There is no resturant there,but the condos have fully equipped kitchens. The pool is open 24hrs a day. Fremont Street was favorite among the guests. It is fabulous.Defending the Caveman was hilarious. Sin City Comedy Show was also hilarious. Things we did not like: Tony Romas on Fremont Street. Food was awful, bordering on gross. Premium Outlets - worst shopping experience I have ever had. It has very few stores. It is open air and with the temp being near 100 degrees - YUCK!! Prices were higher than most Outlet Malls. Food court had only four or five choices and they were all junk. We very few exceptions we had a great time on our trip to Vegas	
Aug 26 2009 	Very nice renovated rooms. Quiet location relaxing.	Stayed at the Summer Bay for 6 nights Aug 21-27th with my husband and friends. The rooms are very nice, all re done and very modern. clean, have everything you need. New washer and dryers and all new 50&quot;TV's in both rooms. Enjoyed staying off the strip, I have been to Vegas 6 times this year have stayed at the Encore, Treasure Island, Hilton Condos, Luxor. I have to say this was the most relaxing trip. It was nice to get away from the mega resorts and casinos. The pool was right behind our door down the steps, never crowded or busy, open all evening. Had 2 hot tubs out there also. DIdn't have to look for a chair to relax in like in the large resorts!We rented a car and I would advise to rent one if you are going to stay here. It was nice to drive to the grocery store, mountains, Freemont street and self park in the casinos. You don't have to drive in the strip traffic to get here you can go on the &quot;back roads&quot; without much traffice. Car rental was cheap $130 for the week. We did take cabs a couple nights to go out.There is construction still going on here though, so make sure you ask that you are not near where they are working. We were in building 18 207 good location.All in all a good trip. Check out Endless vacation rentals for some deals, we payed $400 for the whole week here!!!	
Aug 19 2009 	Perfect	Very cheap, great staff, tidy and attractive room. Close to walk to strip but with a free shuttle as well, PERFECT. Only issues were minor, chlorine issue with the pools, changed the colour on some of our jewellery and hurt our eyes quite badly. Also the best pool with the waterfall was closed during our whole stay. Very very small issues, otherwise totally recommended. A+++	
Jul 20 2009 	Great Stay	Summer Bay is still under partial construction. However, did not affect our stay. We were in bldg 19, rm 107 right outside pool #3. At check-in, we were given the option of 5 different room locations. Very nice room w/ full kitchen, 50&quot; flat screen TV in living room, king bed, walk-in closet w/ safe and enough space for all the wife's clothes, 42&quot; flat screen in bedroom, extra-large tub but no whirlpool. Only minor problem we encountered with the room is the A/C / furnace blower closet is behind the bedroom door. It took 2 nights getting used to the noise of the A/C kicking on. The sheets on the bed sucked. No fitted sheet, just a top sheet with a queen-sized mattress pad. Pool was great to be in and around. They must do something to keep it cool cause it was very refreshing when it's 112 during the day and only down to 90 at night. Pool open 24 hours. Transportation was provided to many stops on the Strip and to Fremont Street. Also a daily run to a local grocery store. Transportation is provided with, just a call to the front desk, via golf cart around the property which was nice cause bldg 19 was at the back of the property. Staff was very friendly. Hostess tried to rope us into a timeshare presentation at check-in but we declined. Nothing more was said. Location is great cause you're off the strip but still close enough. Harrahs provides hourly shuttle service to the Rio and Harrah's. Please feel free to contact me with any questions.	
Jul 18 2009 	You can't make an omelette without breaking eggs	We went to Vegas (July 3rd-10th) for a wedding, 5 adults (53,53, 50, 22,21 ) in a 2 bedroom unit, building 19 room 204,plenty of space ( not like the strip on the 4th of July ,what a zoo that was ),our pool was empty most of the timewhich we used quite a lot,,good shuffle board, forget about the miniputt,the construction was no hassle at all ,(you can't make an omelette without breaking eggs),the staff were very friendly and helpful,used the shuttle to go grocery shopping ,we walked to the strip often, to do your own tour of the strip, buy the monorail 24hr pass ($13)and visit each stop at your leisure, to do the Freemont experience at night, hop on the bus on the strip ($3 one way) ,best supper bargin , short walk to Elis Island Casino, steak special ,beer included(under $10) , the slots are supposed to be looser than the strip( don't know as we are not gamblers), airport-Summer Bay-airport taxi average $12 one way , recommend Las Vegas Grand Canyon Tours( 4 in one West Rim $305, the 5 in one was fully booked so we missed the sky walk) the tour was very professional ,and was able to book it on line. Hoover dam... drive yourself to it , the bus trip we went on, for the money, not enough time , line-up city inside visitors center for the tours, We got 2 free tickets to the stratosphere and able to buy more at their cost $24 ,for listening to the time share spiel ( 20 years of listening and still haven't bought any ,but give me the freebees) , the American superstars show has the best Elvis I've ever seen, (voted #1in america) the rest... ho-hum (I'm a 53 year old Led Zepplin fan), took the x-scream ride ( $12),got better thrills on my old 67 Triumph motor cycle , buffet food not bad at all ,but poor bar service . well now I can say ....been there , done that, and got the tattoo. stroke this one off the old bucket list. cheers	
Jul 3 2009 	Simply Outstanding	I spent five exquiste days at Summer Bay Resort. My girl and I were throughly impressed with the staff and the resort. There was a few folks checking in at the same time we did, but the staff handled everyone professionally and expeditously. They have staff that will help you take your luggage to your condo if needed. They have a shuttle to that will take you to the stripe and to nearby grocery stores. It's located just about a stone throw from the strip approximately a couple of city blocks you can walk if you choose to. The Fitness Center and Business Center were under construction during my stay and not available at the time of my stay. I was disappointed, but that didn't impact my opinion about the resort, because they are trying to improve those amenties for future guest. I would definately stay there again and would recommend it to anyone going to Las Vegas and looking for more than a stay in a hotel room.	
Jun 29 2009 	Great Location rental different from timeshare	Just back from Summer Bay with my wife and 4 teenagers. Stayed in 2Brm that we booked through Bookit.com. Would definitely stay at this location again but there are a few things you should know to manage expectations properly:The Good - Location, location, location - short walk to strip (either Harrah's or Venetian) through rear entrance along road under monorail. If you take major streets instead of back entrance its a 30-45 min walk! The shuttle service was great but I don't like to be tied to a schedule. Friendly staff, not crowded relative to the Strip hotels. A quiet little oasis. Pools clean, lots of towels and never overly busy. BBQ's outside by pools also a nice touch.The Bad-Booking through Bookit.com (or Expedia) you get a rental suite which has not been renovated to same standards as the timeshare units. All pics on the web show the timeshare units. The rental units are clean and adequate (about a Best Western Standard) as opposed to timeshare units (which I toured) which are Westin standard. There is still construction going on so main pool closed (which is the nicest) but still four other pools open but they are relatively small. For us, it was a real downer that the fitness center was closed for renovation.The good outweighed the bad and I would definitely stay again. But thought this review might be helpful to others so you manage expectations and don't get surprised upon arrival. You might even try 'For rent by Owner' websites to see if you can get a timeshare unit. If they are priced competitively to what you can book the rental unit they are a definite upgrade.Other suggestions:Be wary of the map provided, the distances are huge and generally not walkable (except for the rear entrance short-cut mentioned above)Skip the Fashion Show Mall and go straight to the Premium Outlets - great selection and prices.Try the Timeshare pitch if the gift is attractive to you (eg discount show tickets). Relatively low pressure relative to other timeshare pitches (eg. Mexico) and did learn something about the resort.Helicopter tour was great - we went with Mavericks booked through the concierge. At first I was reluctant as Mavericks was more expensive than others I found on the web thinking the concierge got a commission. But after researching found that mavericks uses only the new Eco choppers which are faster (get to see more) and better for viewing especially those in back seat. More importantly, Mavericks flys out of McCarran which is only 10 mins from Summerbay. The cheaper tour operators fly from Boulder City which is at least 30 mins by shuttle bus. So by paying more at Mavericks you get more chopper time and less shuttle time.	
May 27 2009 	Great Honeymoon at Summer Bay!	My husband and I stayed at Summer Bay for a week on our Honeymoon using our parents RCI timeshare. We were both very impressed by the staff and accommodations. Everyone was always very friendly and the accommodations were great. Some of the resort is still under construction but it will be beautiful when it is complete. Check-in was a breeze, they even had our room ready at 1:00pm so we got to check in early. They will even load your luggage to a golf cart and take you to you room. On Friday's &amp; Sunday's they have a BBQ in the parking lot near the front desk, very yummy and reasonable prices.We stayed in a one bedroom unit with a full kitchen. The kitchen was equipped with granite counter tops, tile floor, great appliances and a four person dining table. The living room has a pull out couch, 52&quot; flat screen tv, fire place, dvd player, and a stereo with ipod docking station. The patio was nice and also included a separate laundry room with a washer and dryer. Our bedroom had a very comfortable king size bed and another 52&quot; flat screen tv, and a large walk in closet with safe. The bathroom also had tile flooring and granite sink, a very large shower tub (you could probably fit 6 people in it), and a separate toilet room.We enjoyed the pool and hot tube closest to our unit a couple of times. They provide pool towels, so no need to pack any. It was very relaxing and not crowded. Keep in mind there are also public gas grills on the property if you'd like to grill out.The shuttle is very convenient we used it everyday. Keep in mind you have to sign-up for some of the shuttle trips. Check the schedule for details. Monday morning we took the shuttle to the grocery store. Tuesday-Friday we took the shuttle to various locations on the strip and fremont st.We recommend taking the day trip to the grand canyon provided by Adventure Photo Tours. They pick you up at summer bay and bring you back that evening. It's an all day trip but it is worth it, believe me, a once in a life time experience. We also recommend the restaurant Bahama Breeze, which is a short cab ride from the resort. They have a great menu and reasonable prices. Try the Fire-Roasted Jerk Shrimp for an appetizer, it is to die for.Over all...we had a great trip to vegas and will definitely stay at the Summer Bay Resort again.	
May 19 2009 	Great room! Quiet location!	We had low expectations of this place (given the previous reviews) so we were really really pleasantly surprised. The room was very spacious. The kitchen was complete. The TV was very very big, with cable. The service was excellent. Peter and Eden from the frontdesk were exceptionally helpful. The concierge printed our boarding passes for free. Coffee and popcorn were also free. We stayed at Bldg 15 but it was not a problem going to the entrance as they provided a cart service. The shuttle service to the strip, fremont and the Von's grocery also made travel convenient. The bus drivers were very friendly as well. One minus was that we never got to work the wi-fi on our ipod touch. Their customer service over the phone also told us that only the 2-bedrooms were available when there were actually many 1-bedroom rooms available. The gym was still in construction while we were there. Summer Bay was one of the highlights of our stay in Las Vegas. We would recommend this to anyone who'd want a balance of the activity in the strip and a relaxing, comfortable room at the end of the day.	
May 14 2009 	Jackpot!!!	Oh, I love this place. It's just east of the &quot;Strip&quot; and they have a shuttle to take you there. The staff is awesome, very accomodating. Check-in was a little hectic, everyone checking in at the same time. The grounds are beautifuly lanscaped and the amenities are great. We stayed in the 1 bedroom and i was VERY impressed with it. This place use to be an apartment complex and was renovated very nicely! The bed was sooo comfy and the tub/shower is gianormous! I loved the walk-in closet and washer/dryer very convienent. I had absolutely no complaints about the place, it was awesome!	
May 12 2009 	Incredible! From the Outhouse to the Penthouse.	I'm really worried that people will continue to get this place confused with the old Summer Bay Resort that was on Winnick Avenue. They have now moved across the street to Koval Lane and the old resort has been removed from the land completely. The NEW resort is wonderful. As one worker said to me, they've gone from the outhouse to the penthouse.This resort is set up like many timeshare places , with buildings circling a pool and whirlpool. I believe that, when all renos are completed, there will be 4 or 5 pools in total. We stayed in a completely renovated one-bedroom in Bldg. 16. I don't believe they are all renovated yet so you should request a renovated unit. We did and had no difficulty. There are three levels in each building but there are no elevators - this is impt. to know for people with mobility issues.Main points:- The grouds are lovely. Some work is ongoing.- Our renovated unit was beautiful. As nice as any 5-star hotel room. However, you also have the added convenience of a fully equipped kitchen if you want to cook. We also used the barbecue outside.- There is a balcony for each unit.- The air conditioning unit worked beautifully. I was confused about getting it to work my first night there and called for help. A maintenance guy showed up within 5 minutes.- The staff were all very friendly.- There are golf-type carts that will drive you around the resort - to and from the main entrance. You can book these to pick you up but we were offered rides all the time when we were walking.- There is a shuttle to the grocery store (Von's) every morning. You have to book this the day before.- There are regular shuttles to the outlet center and Fremont Street which you also have to book.- There are regular shuttles to the street which you do not have to book.- Free wireless Internet in the rooms.- Ample parking if you have your own vehicle.This resort is only a 10 minute walk to the Strip and, yet, feels like a complete getaway from the pace of the Strip when you've had enough. You can hang out by the pool all day and feel like you're in the Carribean somewhere (except there's no ocean of course!). I would highly recommend this resort to anyone.	
May 8 2009 	Nice Place to Stay	Went to Vegas for Convention. Opted to stay here instead of Palms. Used a time share exchange thru RCI. Place was under constuction a the time but it was still a wonderful place to stay. The Staff was wonderful, especially securiy. The construction guys were nice too. If you said good morning they said good morning back. Otherwise no harrassing whistles or anything remotely out of line. Check in was easy. Location was great. Plenty of Public parking. Not much of a view, but none was needed. Quiet. Great bath products. Loved the fireplace. Nothing at all bad to say.Going back to this year (2009) in November for Convention. Just booked a 2 BR here thru RCI. Had 14 resorts to choose from, including 2 resorts of which I own weeks. The construction should be finished and the resort should be even better than the first stay. I loved staying here once and look forward to staying here again. There is absolutely nothing wrong with this place and I just don't understand some of the poor reviews and why it is not RCI Gold Crown. I take 2-4 trips per year all over US, Hawaii, Mexico and Caribbean. Comparing this resort to others (and I'm picky) this rates right up there with some of the best.	
May 6 2009 	Great Place to Stay	Newly renovated suites are simply wonderful and very well appointed including an in suite laundry. The staff is friendly and accommodating. Only a block from the Strip - walking distance if not too hot. The resort does have shuttle buses coming and going to different locations often. Complex is still undergoing some renovation and will only become better!	
May 1 2009 	Resort will be even better when it's completed	We stayed here for April vacation with our 3 children. We did have to request a new room after the first night in an older room. My son complained about the sofa bed being very uncomfortable. We were relocated to a newly refurbished which was great. The master bedroom had a king bed, walk in closet and huge shower/bathtub. The second bedroom had a king bed also with a walk in closet. All rooms had flat screen TVs. We had a small deck and a washer/dryer located off that. The kitchen was brand new with a dining area. Our unit faced the pool which was open 24 hours. It was a quiet unit except for some guests who used the pool in the early hours. We did use the shuttle a few times but mostly walked up to the strip for some exercise. This resort will be great when it is finished.	
Apr 28 2009 	Great location beautiful suite very clean.	Excellent location within walking distance of strip, but shuttle service also available, We requested one of the refurbished rooms and were given one. It was beautiful, with 3 big screen TV's, 2 king size beds and 1 queen size pull-out sofa. Kitchen was well equipped. Everything was spotless. Maid service was provided mid-week. Check-in and out was easy and fast. Conceirge was most helpful. We enjoyed our stay off the strip, but close enough to be convenient as well.	
Apr 28 2009 	Great location! shuttle service	Located 1 block behind (Harrahs) the strip. Walking distance home from strip or monorail. Condos have full kitchen, A/C, fireplace and laundry facilities in each unit. 3 pools were open. Shuttle service with various pick up times/drop offs. Must book shuttle for groceries and Fairmont Street. Cleaning service once in a 7 night stay. 24 hour security and parking available. No restaurant on site but Cantina drives in daily and catering available. BBQs on site at some pools.Unfortunately, the concierge is not open after 6 pm when you'd be looking of dinner or early on the weekend - so we didn't use them.	
Mar 12 2009 	Beautiful rooms good location	Very nicely appointed rooms, all new appliances, gas fireplace, 3 large screen TVs in our 2 bedroom unit. Grounds are very well kept. Offers free shuttle to Fremont Street which we took advantage of - and enjoyed not having to make the drive and find a parking spot. Staff very friendly. Located on Koval Lane, about one and one-half blocks behind Imperial Palace (which is across from Cesars Palace in the middle of the strip). Gated community with security staff on duty 24 hours. Would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 6 2009 	Almost to perfect to me!	This is a resort that is still undergoing many upgrades and construction. However, the unit we stayed in was GORGEOUS (building 7 room 204)!! The staff were some of the nicest, most helpful people I have ever encountered. Golf carts readily picked you up with just a phone call, shuttle ran on time, someone was always available when you needed something. The bathtub was big enough for two, although there was a pool and jacuzzi right out our back door. It really had everything we needed. This definately deserves a gold crown rating from me! The walk to the strip was short and easy, although dressed up for evening in heels it was better to take a $6 cab ride. I wouldn't recommend the monorail. It was very close to Summer Bay, but didn't really work for us since the places it goes were really walking distance anyway. We took it to the Wynn and walked further from the monorail station than if we would have just walked to the hotel. This is the 3rd timeshare we've stayed at in Vegas, and is by far our favorite!Even the timeshare presentation was interesting and no pressure!	
Jan 2 2009 	Where's the HOT water???	This was supposed to be a highly rated resort and I do NOT completely agree. Construction aside, this soon to be 21 separate building (about 3 stories tall each) resort is simply gutted and refurbished apartment buildings. That's fine except the fact that our building #6 was outdated, with OLD appliances and countertops, no Plasma T.V.'s, and a blinding light that woke you up immediately when the sun came up. Ahhh, nothing like sleeping in!!! Of the 3 T.V. remotes, only one had batteries in them. There's hardly any warm water, so be prepared for a quick shower. Good luck getting a maintainence person too. Our shower didn't work and I called the maintainence department twice and no one came for over 3 hours. I actually flagged the guy down to fix our shower. The 10-15 minute walk to the strip wasn't too bad if you closed your eyes most of the way to avoid viewing the litter scattered sidewalks and bottles everywhere. Now for the POSITIVE!!! Cleaning service is offered every third day. You will never run out of towels, shampoo, and soap. There are shuttles offered to the strip every 30 to 60 minutes and a one-way dropoff to Fremont Street twice a day. The 2 bedroom setup was plenty roomy and the fridge served its purpose. Once this resort is completed it will be of average value. I suggest staying on the strip like I did last time we visited!!!	
Oct 16 2009 	vacaciones		
