Aug 29 2009 	Its WORSE Than The Other Reviews Say!!!	After reading ALL the other reviews (after I checked out) I decided they were too leanient! Upon arrival I found open drug-dealing going on in the Nellis-side Parking Lot at 9:00 PM. Then I saw a Couple tweeking from a crack-pipe in the walk-way at the entrance to the 'T' building. Room reeked of something (Disinfectant from the body removal???). Grounds are a mess . . . grass all dead, Pool is padlocked. Half the washers do not work.Next day, pidgeons everywhere . . . accosted by a female tweeker in the parking lot on the way to my car . . . yelling obsenities at me and talking to her 'imaginary friend.Upon checking out (strict no return of advance-paid weekly charge) Manager told me that &quot;Security doesn't come on site until 2:00 PM!DO NOT go here with your children! If you insist on going, take Mace with you . . . or go armed!	
Sep 29 2008 	This Place Sucks	This place really sucks....air conditioning dont work....tv dont work.....security acts like gestapo agents and they are just little wannabes with guns....DO NOT STAY HERE	
Aug 5 2008 	Worst Place on Earth!!!	Oh my gosh! This place is awful! We thought 229 for a week? sounds like a good deal! WRONG!! First of all the key didnt work, and after the fantastic staff sent us back three times to keep trying a very unhappy security guard came to assist us, turns out the key hadnt been programed. ok i can over look it, small mistake. inside.. the carpet is so dirty my socks are black eewww to get maintence here to clean the carpet will take a couple weeks. the toilet only flushes half the time the closet door is broken, the bed is really a box spring, the couch is so dirty my white shirt is stianed black. security will not come if you call them the man upstairs was beating his wife and upon the third time calling security i was told &quot;i told you we were taking care of it!&quot; and was hung up on. i called 911 twice and they didnt come for 4 hours!! rude foul mouthed teenagers run the back side of the complex. they stole my licence plate off my car are continously sitting on my car, carved their name into the back of my neighbors car and seem to think is fun to ride their bikes and jump off them and let them hit peoples vehicles. security will do nothing to stop this at all!!! but let a group of little girls scream to loud (mind you i had just told them to stop as one was mine) security was yelling at them and told them that if they didnt stop they were going to be put out on the street and would either be homeless or have to find a new home!! i was standing right there! how dare he talk to 4 little 5 year old girls like that? he heard me tell them to stop as he was walking up! its not like it was a continous thing. they had just done it. management is very rude and unhelpful. there are police here at least 5 times a day and if you are lucky enough to live on the back side then you get to see hookers right out side and people dig threw the trash 24 hours a day! its complete madness around here. the washers dont spin the dryers dont dry. the small pool is nasty the water is murky and smells like pee. the large pool is a bit cleaner as long as you dont have to use the restroom. the toilet is broken the floor is always covered in pee, just completely discusting! please for your health saftey and sanity do not stay here. as soon as my rents due again i will be leaving as will many neighbors.	
Feb 29 2008 	DONT come here	We came to vegas for my Husbands job with the IBEW. The hotel does not screen residents at all.There was tons of partying all the time.@ one point there were grown men allowing younger tween and teens party with them and spend the night.Had to call front desk on numerous occasions. Domestic abuse heaven here.Another time had to call down because the people above me were fighting so loudly i thought he probably was killing her from all the terrifying screams.There are children between the ages of 4-12 just roaming around with no supervision, and the staff doesn't seem to care.I would never recommend this place to anyone ever.The cops should really crack down on this establishment, luckily i have found a better place to stay for small increase in price.No amount of money you think you can save by staying here is worth it.Do not bring your family here, your safety is at risk!!!!!! The worst of the worst in vegas are living here full time.Run Run Run,,,,,,better yet just avoid this place at all cost!	
Jun 24 2006 	Be Aware	We were a party of three. The two ladies with me booked an apartment and upon their inspection they wouldn’t take the apartment. I inspected the apartment and noticed an awful musty odor. The bed didn’t have a frame just some box springs setting on the out dated carpet. There was a couch that wasn’t fit for a dog to sleep on. They went to another property next door that turned out even worse. They let me choose another room in its place and I was stuck there for almost 2 weeks. All around the walkway from the front parking lot to the apartment and from the apartment to the pool and laundry facilities had plenty of urine all around. Just like the previous writer I detected that it was human and animal urine. My apartment had an awful fish odor. If I didn’t lift up the flusher handle on the toilet then it would run. There were at least 15 flies buzzing around the room. A friend visiting said that she was sure that the carpet had fleas. The remote control was sticky. I called the office at three days in a roll for a maintenance request and they never came. I went next door to the Walgreen’s and bought some cleaning supplies, anti microbial spray and a candle. The swimming pool was unusable. The water had particles floating in it and 5 or 10 screaming kids. All through the night were constant sirens. The only reason I was there because of the crappy company that I was working for rented the stupid things.	
Jan 11 2006	Forest Lane Location	I have frequented various locations of the budget suites of america since 2003 and each has been an excellent experience until moving to the Forest Lane location in Dallas, TX. It is what I believe life would be like in a prison. My husband asked if it was okay to get coffee in the lobby and attempted to be polite with the auditor (asked his hours) and per my spouse he was yelled at and treated like he was the scum of the earth by the night auditor. My brother was using the computer in the lobby at the same time and he was accused of drug trafficking without any reason. Then, at 1:53am security knocked on the door and told us we had to get up and get dressed because their security cameras showed my brother and spouse threatening to rob the auditor. We allowed them to do the search since we were told we had no choice. I however,had never been seen in the office during any of these events (in my room sleep). The next day I called corporate and was told a call would be returned and it has not happened yet, I called the manager of the premises and was told he was not there during events, the security manager made the decision to have the room searched and I needed to talk to him (in a very harsh and negative manner). I called him because I was disturbed at the crack of dawn and wanted to know why (as a guest I thought I had that right)since it was my suite as well. I finally spoke to the security manager and he advised me that he would like to meet me at the property when I came home from work, I met him after an hour long wait, he was the most professional person I'd met at that point and he was well mannered however he did not call anyone to the meeting that was involved from his staff. Nor did he provide any statements or video to review. My brother,spouse, and I were advised during the search the reason for the search was due to a video of my spouse threatening to rob and/or asking questions that flagged a possible robbery. However, we were not permitted to view the video or documents provided the statements from staff. The police were never called, and I was never contacted by property management. The security manager said he wasn't sure what happened, all he knew was what was told to him by the auditor that was not present at the meeting. I asked the manager why would he not talk to me as a guest, especially when I was a guest that had nothing to do with the events in question but my rented suite was searched and only wanted to know what happened from both sides. I told him that as a consumer I felt that he should have been able to provide me with information or at least have given me a call to ask what I thought occurred since he stated he wasn't there and had no idea what happened himself. I told him I felt he handled me in a very harsh, unprofessional, and immature manner. I was told to leave his property once my rental agreement was complete on Friday at noon since that was the way I felt he did not wish to rent to me again.	
Nov 19 2005	Great price but get what you pay for - not a hotel.	Good value for weekly rental or beyond. Rates fall for the first couple of weeks and eventually reach 229 or so a week. This is a furnished apartment not a motel/hotel so plan to bring linens and cooking utensils - oddly there was no microwave in their advertised complete kitchen.Grounds are well cared for, room is nicely laid out but they don't have non-smoking rooms. My 1 bedroom suite needed lots of updating, fresher paint and although the place looked tired the kitchen and bath fixtures were clean. The smoke smell never left even with window open and air running. Clean clothes that were hung in closet but never worn smelled as if I spent the whole trip in a smokey casino.Probably a completely different expirience had the room been non-smoking. Staff was very pleasant and you can't find a cheaper price for a one bedroom furnished place that allows pets. Extended Stay or Homestead experiences have been much better but much higher cost on a montly basis. They are not really competing with these chains as much as they are corporate housing options like Oakwood which I found ran at least $500 per week but are probably much nicer. Stritcly adhered to no refund policy so make sure you see your actual room before committing.	
Aug 27 2005	Wading in Toilet Water at Budget Stites of America	Three in the morming the Budget Suite was covered with toilet water that had backed up and went into the kitchenette, livingroom area, and the bedroom, when the front desk was told the said they would not change the room just get some towels and a plunger. The security had to plead with them to change the room for the guest. Items like canvas luggage and clothing was damaged, and they refused to accomadate the guest for losses. This happened to me, and Budget Suites of Amierica has made my vacation horrible also by being rude and showing no concern.	
Dec 15 2004	Very Dissatisfied With the Business!	In 2003 I stayed at the Budget Suites of America on Fredricksburg Rd in San Antonio, TX. I was a resident as they opened in Jan. again in Mar. and finally from the end of Apr.-Jun. In Jan., I was impressed with management, staff, and the units. Everything was &quot;NEW&quot; and included in the monthly rate for a one bdr. was a full size stove/oven stensils, basic pot&amp;pan set, kitchen table, lamps, shower curtain in the bathroom, nice queen bed, 27&quot; color tv with a good cable selection. I was happy and mulled over the idea of residing there for a year. However, I noticed the staff and management as well, begin to treat many residents discourteously and many times rudely! The only reason that I did stay there was because the monthly rent for me was GREAT!! I paid $599.00 a month(the first month you paid tax but after that only $599.00 mo for a one-bdr.) The one-bdr. price soon went up to $699.00 mo. I personally informed the manager&quot;Sandy&quot; that I had witnessed a drug transaction take place at the front door of the apt. next to mine! She informed me that it was none of her concern AND that I was NOT to notify the police! When I returned in Apr. 2004, the same manager, &quot;Sandy&quot; said that she would rent to me only on the condition that she &quot;council&quot; me? Sandy informed me that after I left in Jan. 2004, a resident had complained to her that &quot;I&quot; had threatened this &quot;resident&quot; that I would notify INS and report them. Sandy informed me that I would not &quot;warn, intimidate, threaten, imply or report anyone on the premise.&quot; After that last visit I nolonger desired to stay at that Budget Suites of America. I was thinking about staying at the Budget Suites of America in Las Vegas, NV, BUT, after reading your comments board I have changed my mind. THANK YOU!	
Nov 9 2004	No more extended stays at the Budget Suites	During my 6 month say at the Budget Suites extended stay in San Antonio, Texas, I had both of my vehicles vandalized and broken into along with an attempt to steal each of them. Management chose to do nothing after each of the criminal events. They would not even assume the responsibility to report the breakins to the Police for me. I requested that the mangement schedule additional night Police patrols to protect the area. That request was also met with total resistance along with an absolute NO to defraying the $1,000 of insurance deductable that I incurred to repair my damaged vehicles. Since it takes a Police report to file a claim on my insurance, I took the liberty to call the Police and file the vandalism report #07/771105 along with a request for addition patrols at the Budget Suites. When all the police reported to the scene, it was very obvious that the management was visually upset at me for notifying and bringing it to the attention of the Police. The Police questioned other residents and found out that there had been a number of other recent vehicle breakins and theft attempts to steal cars and trucks out of the San Antonio Budget Suites. Anyway, as a result, because I question management about why they permitted the vandalism to perpetuate, why they failed to take the appropriate Police action to correct the unsafe condition, and what were their intentions to rectify the damages to the residents, I received a written initialed eviction notice to vacate because I intimitated the manager. The note was stuck to the door and the mangement did not even have the integrity to deliver it personally. Absolutely no more stays at the Budget Suites for me or my company.	
Oct 27 2004	Customer Service?	The rooms are ok for the price, but if you have a problem with your AC they put in a refurbished one that isn't up to standard.Also the office people need to learn to be more polite to their customers and if they are not happy in their job, then don't make it bad for everyone else. Also when you call in a complaint it take forever for anyone to follow up on it. My stay there at 4855 Boulder Hwy in Las Vegas,Nv could have been alot better under well trained people that care about the bussiness and customer service! And beware they have a No Refund policy, so if you stay here pay for a week and see if you like it first.	
Sep 19 2004	Good Gone Bad...	When I moved in here, the customer care was great. Soon management changed and remains the same, &quot;Debbie&quot; is outright rude several of the guests which live here on a permanate basic are looking for new residence. She is cruel to our children rude to us, even yelled at me in the office. In front of local police &amp; security. Whom was takeing my son to church weekly Sunday mornings until security was informed he was not allowed any longer. She later said she was sorry as I informed her I am contacting the head office. Since then she has yelled at my children they are angry and she doesn't care she is rude never smiles and it would be a good idea for Budget Suites to look into this matter. My family has been faithfull customers in Las Vegas and Texas roughly 20 years, since this isssue has begun your best Normandin customer has chosen another chain of suites. Please look into this matter. I am in charge of several websites which total over 500 hits a day and have thought seriously about adding this information to our bullitin boards. I felt I would bring this to your attention since my water has been running 4 days as I wait for maintance last time I waited 3 months and only recieved it because I put my closet door outside. This property was beautifull &amp; green last summer. This summer the overall attitude of your clients isn't well at all...	
Jun 24 2004	Who's Budget	At first I thought $179.00 per week, nice deal so I checked out the other hotels in the area and Budgetseemed to be the best deal for the money. No Way,by the time I registered I had forked out nearly $400.00 for the week, with the key deposit(in order to get that refunded you need to call 2 days before check out) and the $150.00 pet deposit which they do not post the fact that $75.00 of that is non-refundable and the other $75.00 they will mail you.No where on the web site or @ the lobby was thatlisted, I think thats a rip off, we'll see if I get that $75.00 back. As for the courtesy patrol, the guy went around handing out pink slips and warnings to the tenants. If that is a courtesy, Don't Bother.This place was run by highschool kids no courtesy! 	
Jun 10 2004 	Boulder Hwy Budget Sour	Quite simply, the single worst lodging experience I've ever had in my life. Upon checking in to the &quot;suite,&quot; I discovered there indeed was a kitchen with stove and microwave, but no housewares in sight. Nor were they even offered. The pool area smelled of urine (whether human or animal, I was unsure of,), the water murky and every gate to the pool area was locked expect for one. I wasn't there for more than an hour when I decided I had to get out. SORRY! NO REFUNDS! I was stuck for a week. Inside of that week I discovered the constant sound of police sirens up and down Boulder Highway, barking pets in the units, horrid smelling soap, and the complete lack of any convenvience items including, but not limited to plastic forks or spoons, unused shampoo containers (they actually reuse them!!!) and even matches. My door knob literally fell off out of it's hole and because it was an extremely hot day, I was informed there 12 broken air conditioners so my repair was low on the priority list. On the day I checked out I discovered a gummed-on sticker to my driver side window stating that my vehicle tags were expired and vehicle would be towed (ON PRIVATE PROPERTY!!! and when they were not) and management refused to remove it as they said they didn't have anyone who could do it. STAY AWAY from this horrible excuse for a place to stay.	
Jan 11 2004	Ruined my trip!	Overbooked and gave my room away to someone else after I reserved it weeks in advance. Sent me 15 miles out of the way to another of their 'suites' (which was the size of my cubical at work), and wouldn't even give me the cab fare to get there ($20.00!). Spent a huge amount of money on a tiny room in a seedy part of town (strip bar across the street) and had to pay big $$ in cab fare just to get to where I needed to go. Had to put a deposit down on a BLOWDRYER for crying out loud! Had to argue forever to get the smallest of discounts and was never even offered an apology in the first place. Will NEVER stay with them again -- I'd rather buy a refridgerator and throw it out and stay in the box under a bridge for the duration than go through them again.	
Dec 22 2003	So who needs a working toilet	It sounded so great. A stay in a fully furnished apartment just a stones throw away from the Strip. What I actually got was a door that was a front door so loose that I had to pile up the furniture against it to stop anyone from coming into the unit when I was asleep, a sofa that was supposed to be blue but was brown from the stains, grey carpet with some great mystery orange stains, and a non working toilet for four days. When I had had enough I asked for a refund but was refused by the friendly staff as it was 'Against policy to give refunds'. Don't stay here unless you want to wast your hard earned money.	
Dec 15 2003	Roller Coaster Mainiac?	ok i know the main reason to stay is to have decent ammenities, and you do. everything worked smoothly in the unit, the grounds were nice, and there is food everywhere wheather you walk or drive.. but the best part that sold me is Roller Coasters.... right accross the street (withing a few blocks ). but as far as the place goes.. you should certainly check it out. well worth your time.	
Jun 16 2003	Less than Quality....	If you book a suite here expecting a corporate set-up with dishes, linens, pots and pans...think again.The quote they give you for the suite includes ONLY the space and utilities.If you want to use their towels, and sheets for the bed, you must pay an additional $60.00 above the price quoted, and this is a fee simply for use of the linens-not to wash or exchange them! For that service, you must pay an additional fee for maid service.There are also no dishes , pots, pans or eating utensils, and if you want any, they will sell you a less than quality set for $59 ! There is no coffee pot or microwave-if you want that, again an extra charge.I went to Wal-Mart and bought one for cheaper than what they were going to charge me for using it!Also, the floors were very dirty,furniture less than quality, and the same picture is hanging on the walls in the bedrooms and livingroom. If you would like pictures, I have some. Send me an email:)	
Mar 28 2003	not bad for a frugal traveler	I stayed at this hotel after checking out of another hotel( I had a red eye flight and needed a crash pad until my flight). It was a one bedroom suite very small but comfortable, with a full sized kitchen(excluding dishwasher). This is a good location for the budget traveler. One concern of mine about this location was that some residents left their doors open and kind of watch your every move and allowed internal noise (like the televison, stereo and conversations) spill out into the grounds. If staying at this location take extra caution in securing your unit and valuables. The hotel is in a really good area and the grounds are very well maintained and attractive.	
Oct 2 2008 	??????????		
