Jun 20 2008 	Normal Super 8 Experience	I stayed one night at this hotel while en route from Las Vegas to the National Parks in Utah. Check-in &amp; check-out were fast &amp; friendly. The room was very clean, the bed comfortable, the A/C worked great (it was 95F when I arrived at midnight) and it was an easy 2 mile access off of I-15. The furniture was a wee bit worn. The Blueberry Hill 24hr restaurant is on the property serving breakfast, lunch &amp; dinner any time. I would stay here again for one night.	
Jun 27 2007 	Okay for a 1 night stay	We stayed at this Super 8 on Jun 16 on our way to Zion National Park. Check-in and check-out was very easy. The motel itself was nothing spectacular, but was okay for a 1 night stay. We had a room with 2 double beds and while it wasn't huge, it was adequate. The beds were fairly comfortable. No issues with the bathroom. We were actually surprised that the motel provided some decent shampoo. I did think the continental breakfast was a joke. They touted it as their &quot;Super Start&quot; breakfast, but it sure wasn't much. They had english muffins, a few danishes, orange and cranberry juice and some really watered down coffee. If we were just passing through Vegas again, I might stay here again.	
Jun 11 2007 	Clean and comfortable with a few issues	We stayed at this motel on June 1st. We were late arriving because our plane was late, and this is a kind of unsavory area, though by far nicer than many places, and is directly across from Nellis. We had to beat on the window for the man on duty to acknowledge us and let us in to register. We had made reservations ahead of time and check in was fairly easy though the man was surly with us. The room was very clean but super small and cramped (it was hard to take pictures because of the lack of room). The king bed was very comfortable. The thing that bothered us the most was we were on the 1st floor (all rooms have outside access only), and the curtains would not close all the way. We finally took belongings and smashed the curtains together and put stuff on them to hold them closed. Since the curtains were not very far from the bed, I felt uneasy about that all night. We did not eat the breakfast, though there was one offered, so we can't comment on that. For Vegas on a Friday night the price (61 plus tax) was excellent. The manager was very nice on checkout and we were close to the interstate for our drive to Arizona. We would stay here again while passing through, as long as the curtains shut all the way!	
Oct 1 2006 	Needs repairs	Just got back from this motel so my observations are pretty fresh in my mind. The property needs a little fixing up. The toilet wobbled in the bathroom when you sat down or got up. The faucet in the bathroom was loose too. The furniture in the room was stained and chipped. The mattress wasn't too great either. Service at check out was very slow. Tried to check out at 4:00 in the morning and one clerk was helping customers, but there were three other guests waiting in line for service. The coffee in the coffee pot was stone cold. You can get the picture. The price was good for Las Vegas, but the property needs some work.	
Jun 10 2006	Loved it	Rooms are a little small but other than that, Room was clean, everything was new or nearly new. Price was great.. The resturant is good and staff was super nice. Definetly will stay there again	
May 12 2005	For value it's okay for location it's not	I stayed at this property in April. We were told it was on Las Vegas Blvd (The Strip) but when we finally arrived, we found it to be on the far north side of Las Vegas about 15 miles from the strip. It is an older property, in not the best part of town. Located directly across from an Air Force Base, the planes flying in and out were very loud - and flew through the night. The rooms were clean, but small in comparison to most motels. We had cable TV, but no premium channels like showtime. For the price of $35 it was a value, but not a place you would want to stay if you are wanting to be in the middle of it all.	
May 1 2005 	Everything was brand new!!!	I was impressed. Had not expected the service and accomodations to be so nice. The staff was very helpful and friendly. They were accomodating to my special request, and provided great information about the area. The room was more than I expected. Furnishing were brand new. It was so new, that you could still smell the new furniture smell throughout the room. I actualy think I was the first person to stay in the room, since they placed the furniture in. The room was clean, and well appointed. The bathroom had new tile on the floor as well as a brand new vanity area. You could tell they had just completed renovations and they were nice. Somewhere on here, I saw they did not provide any type of breakfast, but was surprised that they did have a nice on the go breakfast set up in the lobby to include coffee, two kinds of juice, fresh fruit and breakfast bars. It was great for my mornings when I was on the run, but they also had a full service restaurant that had great food. I tried it for both breakfast and dinner, prices were reasonable and portions very large.I will return on my future trips - based on price, service and accomodatiions. As well as refer this property to fellow associates, family and friends when they too are in Las Vegas on business or pleasure.	
Jan 18 2009 	au plus près du speedway		
