Nov 1 2009 	Skip This Hotel	Dicey Location, Potty Mouthed Locals at tables with no control by pit bosses, heavy smokers.Our Hotel room had what looks to be 17 inch screen TV should be in a museum. Our Blankets were thread bare and mended instead of replaced. Very small outdoor pool with no landscaping. Lots of slots - many with very low payouts - veryify what you can win before you put your money in! Average Food at fair prices. Old dated movie theater.Thsi company owns several other much better properties - use Green Valley Ranch, Alliante or Red Rocks instead.	
Oct 20 2009 	Run Away From This Place	Alful. Fist they have a hidden fee of $14.99 a day that was not told to us when booking. The fee is for Internet service, Newspaper, Phone, and covered parking. What a joke. It took me 45 minutes to open 5 emails. They want you to pay another 10.99 for a faster line. What a joke. You can go down the street and get it for free. The Newspaper is not delivered on Sunday (must cost to much). Everyone has a cell phone now a days. Anhyone coming to gamble or eat at Boulder station has covered parking for free. They will not waive the charge.The room was a non smoking room. Bedspread was full of cigarette burns. Room did not smell of smoke (may have been) the odor of Sewer was very bad. No vent in bathroom so I guess the fumes from the sewer just linger in room all the time.. The maids did make bed but never dusted in days. Could write your name in the dust. Only one washcloth a day for 2 people. I guess we were to share it. Phone had red light flashing, I pressed button, nothing happened. Called front desk , they passed me on to Operator who said I had no message. I asked why is phone flashing. Her response was &quot;I don't know&quot;. The phone is probaly still flashing. Turned out I did have some one call me 3 times and left message as he lost my cell number. Never got message until I got home days later. Honestly this place is horrible. If you have reservations, cancel them. Right down the street in Arizona Charlies, Samstown, and the new Eastside Cannery. I know Arizona Charlies and Samstown do not have extra hidden fees in room rates. I would not stay at Boulder Station again even it was for free. What a horrible experience it was. I still feel dirty from being in that room. A homeless shelter would be cleaner.	
Oct 15 2009 	The Changes Look Good	The remodeling is going very well as the buffet looks much better and the food has improved also. Our rooms were not ready at 6:00pm when we arrived to check in as the previous guests had not checked out as of yet but the front desk staff did a good job in getting us placed in rooms.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Hotel off the beaten path in Las Vegas	My two sons each had a room and I stayed in a suite. The suite was all that you would expect in a suite (wet bar, frig., living area with dining table, 11/2 baths, separate bedroom). The master bath was fantastic with EXTRA large shower and a HUGE jacuzzi (must have held 50 gals. of water). The rooms were very clean and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The hotel's premier restaurant, &quot;The Broiler&quot;, serves excellent steak and seafood, but is expensive. The Broiler also serves a Sunday champaign brunch (10 am to 2 pm) that is outstanding for the money (three levels of entrees--$19.99, 29.99, 39.99) which includes boiled shrimp, prime rib, crab legs, smoked salmon and etc. My only complaint is the casino's table games maximum limits are too low (if you catch a good run of dice or cards the limit gets you before you can make any real money).	
Oct 4 2009 	Not a 3.5 Star But Rather a Very Poor Choice	We stayed for 2 nights in September. Size wise, the room was adequate but there was a ribbon of dust along the baseboard all around the room. We reserved for 2 adults and 2 kids and found only 2 towel sets. Front desk clerks were not friendly and borderline rude, as were most staff memebers. When we checked in, no one was manning the front desk and when someone did appear, she didn't acknowledge me nor did she greet me. In fact, she had to finish typing something before helping me - no one else was checking in or out. The most pleasant person we ran into was the housekeeper! I nominate her for Management! When we checked out, the clerk asked the obligatory questions about our stay but wasn't really interested in hearing my response or involving the management. The best thing I can say about this hotel is that it is a pretty safe place but there are nicer hotels for the money with just as much security if not more! We are going back in December and will NOT be staying at this hotel!	
Sep 20 2009 	very good value	friendly staff, lovely old style casino. easy access to downtown and strip .	
Sep 6 2009 	The Best Value in Vegas	The rooms are clean and well maintained. There's entertainment for everyone. The &quot;off-strip&quot; location can make it difficult for transportation to and from. Showtime Tours will charge $38/person roundtrip between airport and casino. Check with tour to ensure pickup at Boulder Station before booking.	
Sep 5 2009 	CREEPY	I had booked for 1 night only as I had never stayed there before and wanted to check it out firsthand. I arrived after sunset and the parking lot had alot of indigent/drug dependent looking people milling around. The room was worn and dated and absolutely reeked of Pinesol disinfectant. Too creepy for me, I won't be back.	
Aug 19 2009 	Don't go there!	Beware the rip off artists in Vegas disguising themselves as Cab Drivers! if you stay at this smoke-filled hotel, be prepared to either rent a car OR get ripped off by the cabbies! You are too far from the strip or the Downtown area to go by bus but it can be done. Wouldn't advise it in 110 degree heat but it is your call. The money you save by not being on strip is eaten up on commuting from this hotel that lacks cleanliness and the requisite comforts to count as a 'vacation spot.' READ: Don't stay here!	
Jul 13 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised	I'd heard that the Station properties had gone downhill with the recession but this trip went well. I got a terrific deal so my expectations weren't high but Boulder Station proved me wrong. Check In was efficient and easy and my room was clean and very comfortable. I especially liked the soap and shampoo. I actually came home and looked it up--Tarocco by Cali. You can buy it online but it's not cheap. I told the maid that I didn't need service and she all but insisted that she could come by later and freshen up for me. That's a change from so many places lately that are cutting back on service for people staying more than one night. So once again, I was pleased by the high level of friendly and efficient service.The only issue I had was that I needed the internet a few times and I had a hard time getting connected. I had to call tech support a couple of times and even had to wait for someone to come to my room once to fix faulty equipment. So that was inconvenient and annoying. But that's really the only problem I had in the 4 days I was there. Not bad.I ate breakfast in the buffet several days and it was good--nothing spectacular but everything fresh and tasty. Definitely get a club card because it's a nice discount too. I'd recommend it for breakfast.	
Apr 12 2009 	Great intimate venue for concerts plus lots of good places to eat	I visited this hotel/casino for a Billy Currington concert on April 10. Although we did not stay in the hotel, I can highly recommend the concert venue, Railhead, as a great place to see a show. It is intimate, with all seats a stone's throw from the stage and a bar right in the venue so you can get a drink and enjoy the show all at once. They'll even have a pretty young thing come and take your order to save you the effort.Overall the hotel has a locals feel to it; and is probably not well suited for the Poser crowd one can find on the Strip. But, if you like good music, good food at a reasonable price and great service, the Boulder Station is the place for you!	
Dec 19 2008 	Good atmosphere	Stayed here a few times, and always found it to have a great atmosphere, there are plenty of restaurants and bars, and has a big enough Casino that you can find a quiet corner if you want, the staff are super helpful. A downside is the pool, it is small and there is no hot tub. I forget if it is the odd or even number rooms that have the great view of the skyline of the strip - ask when you check in.Sams Town is close by which is great if you fancy a change of scenerey or a different restaurant. You are a good taxi ride from the Strip if that is a consideration for you.There is plenty to keep kids &amp; teenagers occupied with the games &amp; cinema.Handy for Las Vegas Motor Speedway, you can get there on street roads without having to deal with traffic on the freeway, and stop for supplies on the way (such as an In &amp; Out Burger - on Nellis - !) on the way.	
Nov 18 2008 	Don't go for the pool	This is a gem of a hotel; good food, decent rooms that need updating but are clean and nice staff. The only drawback is the pool. There is a weird sulphur smell to the water and no hot tub. We have stayed many times at this hotel in virtually every month of the year, but the POOL is ALWAYS COLD. Never could get past that sulphur smell but swam anyway. Even in July, when it was 115 degrees, the water was COLD. The pool needs a serious update, but is so conveniently located right outside the back door. Good hotel for elderly folks and those opposed to walking 5 miles to reach anything.	
Jun 1 2008 	Great Value	My father and I travelled to Vegas for the May bank holiday (UK) and we stayed at Boulder Station for 5 nights (Paying £123 for the 5 nights).Check in was quick and the front of house staff were very plesent and well mannered. We checked in quite late (just after midnight) so were plesently surprised to be offered a choice of floors, we took the 11th. It was a bit of a journey trying to find the lifts up to the room, you walk along the side of the casino for a bit and pass an exit. We did not notice the sign so kept going, but a helpful member of staff brought us back right to the security officer at the lifts. Security are there everynight between 3pm and 7am which should put some fears at ease. (Now we know, the thing to do, is park out front, check in and then drive to the hotel entrance, where you can park anyway)the room was big. Was not that brighlty lit at first, but when you get into it and turn on the lamps after a while they seem to get brighter. Room was clean and tidy, did not smell. Bathroom was big, with shower, bath and large counter area. Tiny bit of mould above door but nothing we have not seen in loads of other hotels. Everything worked well and we had a nice view looking north towards Nellis.The hotel is laid out quite well. When you come down in the lift, it is a short walk to the buffett, cafe, starbucks, chinese and Pizza takeaways, there is no never ending stroll through the casino, which was a nice surprise compsared to some of the strip hotels. The food was fine, we had no problems. It seemed cheap enough. Even if your not playing in the casino, join the players club as when you show the card, at least 2 of you get $1.00 off the breakfast buffett (which then costs $4.99)Housekeeping were very plesent and did a good job on the room. We had a free newspaper delivered each morning apart from Sunday, but on the first day someone nicked half of them off the floor, so you need to be up early to get your copy.The hotel is located close to the motorway on ramp for the 5 minute drive to the north end of the strip. There is easy access from Boulder Highway east to Hoover Dam/Lake Mead, North towards Nellis and south along the strip, so it was a great location for us. Overall, a nice stay, good clean hotel, nice location (You do need a car), good service well worth the money we paid. We enjoyed it so much we will be returning for July 4th where we have been able to book 10 nights for £200 !!	
May 18 2008 	Boulder Station	It's time to spend some money and fix the rooms up in the place. The room we had was old and half the lights in the room did not work at all. The showers need to be redone as they are small and you have very little space in the tub/shower between the wall and the shower curtian. Other than that the room was clean and useable. All the staff as always was helpful and friendly which after some airline problems is always nice. They were redoing some of the dining areas which was nice.	
May 18 2008 	Very Nice Hotel	It has been many years since I have been to any hotel on Boulder Hwy so I decided to stay for 2 nights this trip. I also wanted to play some bingo and the 3 major hotels in this area offer it. None of the strip hotels have bingo any more. I did rent a car for the 2 days so transportation wasn't a problem from the airport and visiting other hotels on the highway. I got a great rate for a Sunday arrival at $48.00 for a deluxe room. On arrival they asked what floor I preferred out of 3 and I took 12. I was very pleased with the room. Got a nonsmoking king as requested. The view was facing south on Boulder Hwy. Very clean and spacious room. Bathroom in very good condition. Hotel must not have been very full as there was little hallway noise at night. No complaints about hotel room at all. The only thing I didn't like was walking to other end of the casino from the front desk before getting to the elevators and dragging my suitcase. I also walked right past them as they are located outside the exit doors in the casino. I saw the exit sign but didn't see the elevator sign. I asked an employee who walked me 1/2 way back across the casino and pointed them out. If I had known it was such a chore, I would have used the bellman.I like using the swimming pools during my vacation, but did not get a chance during this trip. Pool was very nondescript as it was just a square pool surrounded by concrete. No decor. No one was using the pool. The day I arrived was unually cool and the water was VERY cold. I'm sure it would have felt good in 95 degree weather, but in mid-seventies...my midwestern blood couldn't handle it. The best I could do was sit and read and enjoy the solitude and pleasant weather. The 2nd day I was there the city was covered in a haze that the newspaper said couldn't be explained. They thought it was from the wildfires in Arizona and California. Before I knew that I thought it was overcast and going to rain. So I didn't get to use the pool then either.I've read various reviews for many hotels and when I see people complain about the buffets, I couldn't help but wonder what they were expecting or how incredibly fussy they must be. I have had the buffets at many different hotels and although not gourmet they were perfectly fine. Well this is the first time I can honestly say the buffet at Boulder Station was AWFUL!!! I forgot that it was Mother's Day. So they were charging a higher rate and not accepting the discount coupon I received at check in. I thought I was in for a treat and got just the opposite. They probably made way too much food expecting huge crowds that never came. The food must have been sitting there for hours as you could even see how dry some things were as they were crusting over on top. They didn't even bother to stir them to keep it fresh. I tried to dig out food from the bottom of the trays but it did not do any good. The pork was so dry you couldn't cut it let alone chew it. The creamed corn was no longer creamy it was so dry. There was nothing on the whole main meal buffet that I could even say was tolerable. The desserts were fresh and tasty. That may be because no one ate much food and the desserts went fast. And usually someone will come along and ask how everything is, but not once during my meal was I asked. And they did not ask when I left the buffet either. I think they all knew they would not get any good responses that day. I did not eat at any of the other restaurants there. I preferred to go elsewhere and was glad I did. I did not have any complaints about the food at the other hotels on Boulder Hwy.The casino is huge and has a great selection of slots. I did not win anything at this hotel but on this trip found that none of the hotels were paying out much. A few people here and there were excited about winning a few hundred dollars, but I didn't see any big winners. From what I have been reading in the newspaper and trade magazines, Vegas is suffering a drop in attendance. So I guess they can't afford to pay out on their machines.It is a very nice hotel and I'm sure the pool would have been fine had the weather cooperated. All the staff I encountered were friendly and helpful.	
Apr 11 2008	OMG you gotta see Yellow Brick Road at Boulder Station!	The Best show you will ever see! Yellow Brick Road is amazing. They were the best part of my last jaunt to Vegas. If you are staying on the strip take a cab over and see these guys. You will not be disappointed.	
Mar 25 2008 	I love it here	All staff members were very friendly including the blackjack dealers! I have stayed here many a time and look forward to going back soon. I usually get a players room just for the coffee pot, hair dryer and safe. TIP; If you book early through their website, always keep checking back to see if the rates were lowered. I saved big bucks by checking a week before I arrived and found that the room cost went way down so I called them and they gladly put the new low rate in. The Railhead (concert venue) is a great place to see a show and no seat is too far from the stage. Buffet is good enough and the Guadalajara's restaurant was very good for their prices. Bar drinks could use more booze but hey, that's Vegas, right?	
Feb 20 2008	Loved the place	Value for money, booked on hotwire for 49/nightpros: great food, has multiple restaurants and bars, food is GOOD and CHEAP. Casino is great-I have never gambled before but these guys converted me. This place has theaters inside.Parking is free and decent. Check in good and fast.Cons: will had $5 service fee/dayinternet costs $10/dayRoom quality for internet booking is not the best-I think they give the better rooms for people who book directly or pay more.	
Jan 20 2008	Adequate Accomodations	My recent 2 night stay at the Boulder Station went about as expected. This is not a many star property. It is however, reasonably priced, clean and convenient to what I wanted to see and do. My only two complaints were that getting to the room is always a hassle in one of these larger properties and internet access is a bit of a chore. Otherwise, the heat worked, the Starbucks opened at 5:30 AM and the gaming didn't take all of my resources. I'd go back.	
Dec 17 2007 	You Get What You Pay For-- Has On-Site Childcare	Stayed here for one night due to low price compared to Strip. Big draw for me was the Kids Quest child care on site. Wish casinos on the Strip offered such an anemity. Guess what-- there are lots of people who come to Vegas with their children and wouldn't mind alittle break now and then!  Ok, onto the hotel. Very smoky everywhere, our eyes burned after walking from check-in to the restaurants. No line, disinterested staff talking to one another while checking us in.  Mundane choices for eating. Most happening place seemed to be the lounge with an in house rock and roll band that sounded pretty good. Pool area right off major entrance into hotel and casino. Pleasant spot, though, if you want to breath some fresh air for a change! Security at elevator, good. Carpets in hallways the dirtiest I've seen yet at any hotel-- almost laughably disgusting. Huge stains everywhere doesn't make one anticipate the cleanliness of one's room. Actual room is dark but ok. Beds ok. Bathroom probably the nicest aspect to the place, large and bright(er).  Enough drive to the Strip that you aren't going to go often. I felt isolated from the action, even though I like occasional respite from the crowds and insanity that's there. I can only recommend this hotel as a cheap layover and if you have kids and want an on-site child care faciity. In talking to many people travelling with kids, all were unaware of the Kids Quest options located at mainly Station casinos, Orleans, and the Palms.	
Dec 3 2007 	It's better than Circus Circus....	Needed a hotel for a 1 night stay in Las Vegas. Been to this hotel many times over a 9 year period. The smoke smell was very noticeable this visit - in the past, this was not the case. The rooms need a updating and a general good cleaning (heavy stains in the carpet, broken fixtures). Hallways quiet at night - which made up for the smoke filled casino you had to walk though. Would I stay here again, probably. Good price - good food.	
Nov 22 2007 	Yuk.	Terrible lighting -impossible to see in room. Typical old-fashioned casino - forced to march past every machine in the place to get from anywhere to anywhere else. Reeks of cigarette smoke. Bed OK, but room deliberately uncomfortable. Marginal staff abilities and interest. Losers everywhere. Would pay to avoid this place in the future.	
Oct 4 2007 	Great Hotel Great Location	Just come back from a great stay at Boulder Station Hotel. Location is just a ten to fifteen minute drive from the strip. I am so glad that we stayed a little distance away from all the hustle and bustle. We saw so much more of the beautiful scenery surrounding Vegas by having to drive around.The hotel room was great, very clean and we had superb views from our bedroom window of the mountains. My partners' daughters were on the other side of the corridor and had stunning views over the strip.We enjoyed a couple of lovely meals at the Boulder Station cafe which is open 24 hours. I enjoyed a coffee in the morning from Starbucks whilst sat by the pool. The water was very cold but we practically had the pool to ourselves which was great.The casino was fun and we didn't spend alot, there are plenty of 1cent machines for those on a budget!We would heartily reccommend Boulder Station and would go back again on our next visit.	
Sep 11 2007 	Yech!!!	Where do I start!! When we entered our room I noticed the bed covers were not well straightened out. So I pulled back the covers to find the sheets had not been changed. There human hairs on the sheets!!!!!!!!!!! The hotel immediately came and did our room properly but it made us very uneasy for the rest of our stay. The casino is very smokey even early in the morning. In the evening groups of baggy pant teenagers hang around outside like a local quickie mart. Casino security seem to do nothing about these loafers. Occaisionly one or two would casually walk in to cool down I guess until tossed. They were loud and foul mouthed. Amazing they were there the whole time without being REALLY TOSSED off the property. We made the mistake of one morning going to the buffet. It came to $21 for two of us. I tried to drink $21 worth of coffee because the food was right out of Chevy Chases movie &quot;Vegas Vacation&quot;. The best item was biscuits and gravy (and don't get cheap on me!) which almost all guests were scoffing down with glee!! YEECH!! The rest of the food had scabbed over and I dared not try scooping any. They had Lox which actually was some cheap salmon dyed a weird color of red to pretend it was real Lox. I come from Vancouver and believe me I know my Lox. My advice is to spring for a little extra and stay somewhere else.	
Jul 20 2007 	Pleasant Stay - Nice Rooms	Nice hotel &amp; Casino. Rooms were rather large. Shower was small and of course the pay for internet always drives me nuts. Overall a decent place to stay. Would I rate this higher then the Comfort Inn? Almost. All they need is free wireless. The Pasta Palace or Place in the Casino is AWESOME and cheap! That's it for me folks. Really decent place. Here's some photos.	
May 31 2007 	Great Stay at Boulder Station...clean rooms	We stayed at the Boulder Station for one night because of the price. They had a boxing match at MGM and the rates skyrocketed on the weekend. We also wanted to switch up our stay in Vegas. Having already been to Vegas several times, this was a nice change of pace. The slots and tables were more fun and they paid out great! Check-in was a breeze and they were friendly.Our room was so clean and it was on the 15 floor of the hotel with a nice view of the mountains. She indicated that she gave us an upgrade, but it seemed like a standard room to us. We were very impressed with the room considering the price.The casino itself is very nice and they have 4-5 restaurants within the hotel which was a nice variety. We were up late and they had a cafe place (sort of like a Perkins or Denny's) that was good They even had karaokee at one of the places and that was entertaining. Would recommend this for people on a budget or looking for something off the strip.We had a great time.	
Mar 31 2007 	Great stay at Boulder station	We just came back from a 5 day stay in Las Vegs. We stayed at Boulder Station. The room was very clean, check in was easy, and the room had a great view. It took about 15 minutes to drive to the strip, however the quiet room made it worth while.I would recommend this hotel for the budget minded traveler. The only &quot;down fall&quot; is the lack of channels on the television. Just the basics Not a problem, however because we did not go to Vegas to watch tv.	
Mar 6 2007	Great Hotel For The Budget Conscious	This was a sort of last minute trip to Las Vegas for 6 nights that included the President's Day weekend. As such, most hotels were nearly full and the prices they were asking were pretty high. We did however manage to get a great deal on a room at Boulder Station. We had stayed here before and it was exactly as we remembered. The room was comfortable and clean and all the members of the staff we dealt with were very nice. Overall, our stay was very enjoyable. You just need to realize that this hotel is not near the strip. If proximity to the Strip is not that important, this hotel is a great value. There is ample parking and numerous restaurants on premise as well as a movie theatre.	
Feb 23 2007	What a great place!	The room was great. Amber Gains the casino host took care of our every need. The limo drivers / bell staff were just like friends. The food was all that you could ask for. Even the cinema, that I never thought I'd go to was so nice. This is our off the strip hotel to stay at. Much better than downtown.	
Nov 10 2006 	Loved Boulder Station!	We (husband and I) visit Vegas often and usually split our trip between a strip and non-strip location. This trip was no exception. After staying 3 nights at the Mirage, we moved to Boulder Station. I have visited the casino and restaurants many times in the past but had never stayed here before. We were a little concerned moving FROM an upscale property TO a less expensive alternative. We usually try to make the move in the opposite direction. Not to worry!CHECKIN: Smooth and efficient. Staff friendly.ROOM: We were given a standard room on the 14th floor. The room was plain and basic with a small tv but very clean and quite comfortable. In fact, it was comparable to the Mirage room we had just left. Indeed, the Boulder Station beds were MORE comfortable and the air conditioning stronger than Mirage. I was surprised.The best surprise was the extraordinary view! From our one large window, we had a clear and distinct view of the Strip, Downtown, and the mountains. At night, it was even more impressive. CASINO: Loved the casino! It is very large, clean and comfortable, with many gaming selections. The machines were friendlier than those on the strip but still managed to take my money, The atmosphere was lively enough but still relaxing. I felt safe gambling here late at night/early morning by myself. Drink service was frequent. This is a locals' casino with a more casual crowd. I never felt unsafe but did have someone approach me asking for money.FOOD: The buffet was very good for a very decent price. OTHER: Comps were more generous than the strip. The hotel was easy to get in and out of (if you have a car). You did not have to go through the casino to reach your room. There was no safe in the room. Security did check for room keys which I liked. Security was visible in the parking lots. Did not use the pool but it looked very bland and motel-like. There were many restaurant choices including fast food places where you could get quick coffee in the morning without long lines.NEGATIVES: Too many kids! I hate seeing children in casinos or on the vegas strip for that matter. There were alot on this property, many of them looking sleepy and cranky being drug through the casino. Too many were unattended helping themselves at the buffet which seemed inappropriate (and unsanitary). For the most part though, they did not bother me personally. I think the casino/hotel needs to set and enforce some rules to keep the place from being overrun in the future and gaining a CircusCircus reputation. The room rate was a little high on the weekend for this type of property but a wonderful value mid week.OVERALL: The more we visit Vegas, the less inclined we are to stay on the strip. We enjoyed our time at Boulder Station and will likely stay here again. The staff was so friendly and helpful. The jumbo jackpot (always between $100,000 and $150,000) hit while we were there and does provide a little &quot;hope.&quot; This stay was comparable to our past stay at Sam's Town and we liked it much better than the Orleans. If I were given the choice above, I would have given it a 4.5 rating (rather than the 4)	
Oct 2 2006 	Great Place!	This was a great place. Everyone was friendly, the entire hotel and casino was very clean, and it felt like it's own little community. I am staying here from now on, always!	
Sep 15 2006 	So-so Casino Hotel	We stayed one night in an &quot;upgraded&quot; room. However, it was very ordinary -- I'd hate to see what the regular rooms looked like. I've stayed at several other hotels in Las Vegas but this was not worth the money. However, the premises were very clean and quiet.	
Aug 19 2006 	Great price very clean	I didn't know what to expect, since I got a very good rate, but I was extremely happy with the hotel. The pool was lovely and cool even when it was 112 degrees outside--although there were no ashtrays. . . so a few extra butts lying around. The Feast is wonderful, I treated my whole family, who all live in Vegas, and they got stuffed for a reasonable price. There is also a nice 24 hour place near the Feast that offered great food at reasonable prices after hours. I didn't come there to gamble, so I can't comment on that. The rooms were comfortably air conditioned and fairly quiet, given that people are wandering around at all hours. The bathroom was large and very clean. One suggestion I have for people staying there is to leave a note for the housekeepers if you want your sheets changed. . .they will clean the room but won't change the sheets unless specifically asked to do so, probably for environmental reasons such as energy conservation. All in all, I was extremely pleased. I will stay there next time, too.	
Apr 27 2006	nice place	I went to boulder station to see Hal Ketchum at the Railhead showroom april 17. There isn't bad seat in the house in the Railhead showroom. Boulder Station is a nice hotel,about 300 rooms ,quite an active casino with good entertainment.The rooms are comfortable and the buffet is varied and tasty.In short if you have a rental car this would be a cheaper place to hang your hat while in las vegas.	
Apr 22 2006	Great Off-Strip Hotel	Overall, I had a very good experience with this hotel. The Negatives: It is quite a ways from the strip. But, it is very close to the Interstate so getting downtown or to the strip only takes about ten to fifteen minutes. Also, if you are looking for a resort hotel or a place with a &quot;hip&quot; atmosphere, best try someplace else. The pool area is very small and there are few other resort type amenities. The worst thing about the place was the lack of hot water. I was only able to take a luke warm shower.The Positives: The rooms were very nice and clean. The beds were comfortable. Everyone of the hotel employee with whom I spoke was very friendly and helpful. I especially liked the food choices here. They had an average breakfast buffet, but I liked the availability of restaurant choices allowing you to do anything from a quick take-out to a nice sit down experience. I definitely would stay here again.	
Apr 4 2006	Good Value	We have stayed at Boulder about 3 years in a row and it has been a very pleasant experience. The rooms are large and clean. It is about 15 minutes from the strip but since we seniors like gambling at the local spots it is great for us. It is quiet and the trafic is not bad on Boulder Highway. They have a nice buffet and several other places to eat including a Burger King if you're in a hurry. It is close to Sam's Town, Arizonia Charlies and not far from many other local casinos. The elevators are in the back but right when you get off is the casino. On week ends it may be busy since they have a large movie theater and lots of young people seem to be going through the casino. We have a great time there and do recomend it if you don't mind being off the strip. You would need a car to get around though.	
Mar 30 2006 	great value for money	We stayed at the Boulder for just a night in January, as our main hotel didn't have any rooms available for that night. Although it's way off the Strip the rooms are really clean and overall, for the money you pay it's an excellent choice!Didn't have enough time to check the restaurants, casino or anything else...	
Feb 28 2006	Good Casino good rooms	I've stayed at B.S. with my pals (all over 50) many times. It's a great place for gambling and drinking with the 'guys'. The cocktail service is constant. You'll find .25 VP machines at a 10/7 payout (and they did pay out). I hit 4 of a kind a couple of dozen times, although no Royals this trip. They pay much better than Sam's Town. BJ is at a $3-$5 minimum. The rooms are extremely clean and good size, with comfortable king or 2 queen beds. The food is OK in the buffet and coffee shop, but you'll find better at Sam's or Sunset Station. The pool is very basic in size and look. It's more like something you would find in a Super 8 or Red Roof Inn. The casino is in a convienient location on Boulder Highway, right at the expressway exit. B.S. is a much better atmosphere than Palace Station in every way, but less overall than Sunset Station. Station Casinos will treat you well if you're a player. All Station Casinos charge an extra $4.95/night for &quot;resort services&quot;, which is just a subtle way of charging more for a room. So always add $4.95 to your room rate to determine if you're getting the best deal fom the various hotel web sites. Overall, a very good place to stay, if you are driving, away from the over-priced 'everything' on the strip.	
Jan 27 2006	Great Place!	Stayed there during the 2005 PBR Finals. Clean and quiet room. Hotel was not crowded. Breakfast buffet was great. Son loved Kids Quest and we did too so we could bet away by ourselves for a bit. Absolutely wonderful for the money. Would stay there again!	
Jan 19 2006	WOW! Great value!	We stayed at Bourbon Station on our way back through Las Vegas on our way home from Disneyland. It was Sunday night before Martin Luther King Day (so it was considered a holiday). We were able to get an internet price of $39.99 on their website!The room was above average. The casino was a little smokey. But over all I was happy with the experience. Sign up for their Free Boarding Pass, you get a free gift (Manicure set, not too shabby) and you get free slot play and discounts at the buffet. The BUFFET WAS GREAT!! Don't miss it. We had a superb breakfast for only $5!!Also at the cafe, the fruit platter was great!	
Dec 7 2005	Good Choice	Was able to get a good rate for a Sunday and Monday night at only $24/night. Beware the $5 resort fee however, added on to that.Room was above average and spacious.Was nice to have a little dining table which not all hotels have these days.Bathroom was larger then average, although one of our few complaints had to do with the uneven water temperature in the shower and sink.Food at Pasta Palace was Excellent!Good food, which is close to fine dining at a reasonable price. Great service in a fine dining atmosphere. Would highly recommend.Seems that all the &quot;Station&quot; hotels have the same restaurants so you may not have to go to this particular location.Skip the Chinese takeout food, it was horrible.Their room service menu was great, although we did not order. The prices are regular menu prices, not the usual high prices. Although I think the catch is that they deliver the food to you in take out styrofoam boxes with plasticware. Its more like a delivery service than room service. But thats okay for me.Pool was tiny, although it was too cold to swim.Having theater there is convenient, but we didn't want to waste time seeing a movie we could see at home.I would come back again, even if we don't get such a great rate.	
Oct 13 2005	The concerts rock!	The best thing about this hotel is the classic rock tribute band, Yellow Brick Road! They're the reason to stay at this hotel! And to even go to Las Vegas.	
Oct 3 2005	Stealing Customers Money	I was a customer of the casino on this past Sunday 10/2/05 when I had money in a machine a ticket in ticket out machine walked on the other side of the machine where my wife was not more than 5 feet away from where I was playing. I went back to my machine only to see someone had cashed out my money and taken off. I wasright under a camera and hunted down a security officer told him what had happened and his reply was there is nothing they could or would do. Like they would not even look at the security tape to see who did this. I have made it a point to tell everyone I come into contact with about the problem and the lack of concern on the part of the Casino &amp; security staff.I will also make sure I never go back into this casino again. And I promise to tell everyopne I come into contact with via phone and or in person.Everyone who I have spoken to says they are shocked by the lack of concern and action and then told of stories where the casino other than this one have tried to help them in finding the person or persons involved.	
Sep 28 2005	A nice place to stay	Looked for a bargain and found it. Room was nice and clean. Appreciated the security guard at the elevators. Restaurants were good. Harvest Buffet is always a favorite even when we're not staying at Boulder Station. One of the other restaurants served entirely too large of portions. Hated to waste the food. If you're looking for a modestly priced place, consider Boulder Station.	
May 29 2005	Could have been better	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Boulder Station Hotel and Casino on May 21, 2005. We parked in the garage that was right by the entrance off the Boulder Highway. We entered the building and had to lug our luggage entirely through the casino to hotel check in which was at the opposite side of the casino. Supposedly, there was a different parking garage that was closer to hotel check in but we did not see it. I made our reservation through travelocity and requested a non smoking room. When I checked in, I was told that unfortunately there were no more smoking rooms available. I said actually I had asked for a non-smoking room when I made the reservation so thankfully we ended up with what we wanted. However, I would be aware that you might not get your smoking preference at this hotel, as it could have easily been the case that there were no non-smoking rooms available. Our room had two double beds (we had requested a king). The beds were very small and hard. My boyfriend could not sleep or get comfortable so we ended up sleeping in separate beds to try to find some comfort. I woke up many times during the night to shift positions due to my arms aching or falling asleep. The showerhead is also very low.The casino is very smoky. After having dinner, gambling for a few hours and watching a live band perform, we were completely reeking of smoke. My clothes and hair smelled like smoke and my eyes were burning. There is no ventilation in this casino.We had dinner at the Guadalajara Mexican restaurant. The chips and salsa were very good. The frozen strawberry marg I had was decent. I had a chicken burrito that I did not like very much. However, my boyfriend had the steak burrito, which he thought was good. There was a very unpleasant smell in the restaurant that reminded me of my grandmother's nursing home.We did enjoy a live band called Yellow Brick Road that was playing at the Railhead Bar in the hotel. There was no cover to enter. The place was packed and all the seats were filled so we had to stand. The band was great! Very energetic and talented. They played classic rock cover songs and were very very good. The band is able to mimic a wide variety of artists, with the correct sounds and voices. The lead singer has the ability to change his voice and mannerisms from song to song which helped recreate the signature sound for each artist they covered such as Pink Floyd, Led Zeppelin, The Who, Queen, Rush, Journey to name a few. The dance floor was packed. This was the best part of our stay! They play every Friday and Saturday night from 11:00 p.m. - 2:30 a.m.We stayed at the Boulder Station because the rates are too high for us at the strip hotels on Saturday night. We flew into Vegas for one night then the next day we headed off to visit the Grand Canyon, Bryce Canyon and Zion. We returned to Vegas on the 25th and stayed at the Aladdin for two nights and the Gold Coast for one night (Fri. night due again to increased strip prices on weekends). Please see my reviews on both of those hotels. We enjoyed the Gold Coast more than the Boulder Station by far and I would recommend staying at the Gold Coast if you are looking for a good deal or trying to save money.	
May 2 2005	No coffeemaker!	I'll start out with my biggest complaint: NO COFFEEMAKER! I havenever stayed in a hotel room that didn't have one (and I travel a lot).We arrived in town early and wanted to extend our one-night reservation into a three-night stay. Although we were accommodated, my husband and I had to check-in and out each day and were put in a different roomeach night (and this was in the middle of the week). The second night we were moved to a similar room that was $20 more (for that we got a coffeemaker and supposedly higher quality bedding...although thebedding was same as what was in the less expensive room).The rooms were neat and clean, the staff was polite and somewhat helpful. For the money, it was an OK place to stay, although I'll probablytry somewhere else next time I'm in Las Vegas.	
Apr 19 2005 	Safe friendly has everything you need	I have been staying at Boulder several times a year for the last few years. It is not fancy, but more than adequate. There is a large casino (and unlike other reviews, I have never been bothered by smoke), Bingo hall, movie theaters, restaurants, KidsQuest (not something I can rate), and the employees are very helpful.Security is very good. I always feel safe there. The Pasta Palace is my favorite restaurant there...but the Feast buffet is very good too. The coffee shop is OK, not great. The Mexican restaurant, I think it's called the Guadalajara Cafe is excellent, as is the steakhouse.There are several fast food options, including a Burger King. The only thing that stays open all night is the coffee shop.Wish they had 24 hour Bingo like Arizona Charlie's down the road....then it would be PERFECT!	
Mar 2 2005	Better than I thought!!	My Family and I stayed at the Boulder Station twice last summer('04). Once in June and the other in September. Both rooms were very clean and rather nice for what I expected, paying only 39.99 a room. After 3pm you must show your room key to the guard to enter the elevators, which makes you feel safe. The staff and cleaning service was top notch! The Feast Buffet was simply yummy! Boulder Station is Kid friendly with &quot;KidQuest&quot; and Railhead is a nice place for music acts. The ONLY reason I didn't give it an &quot;Excellant&quot; rating is because of the SMOKE in the casino.	
Feb 23 2005	Good for the price	We stayed for 3 night's in february.Boulder Station was well worth the money. The people were nice, the gaming area was big and security seemed good.We had a 10yr old that was bored most of the time.In Vagas even if the place was kid friendly that does not mean much.Kid quest was o.k. but better for younger kid's ,my 10yr only lasted for a hour or two then was bored with it.There is a large movie theater in the hotel that was nice but a little high priced ! We took a all day trip to the Valley of Fire [about 50 miles] that was a lot of fun if you like that type of entertainment.I guess we would stay there again,no big problem's	
Dec 31 2004	Smoky Vegas	We just got back from spending 7 nights in Vegas. We stayed at the Boulder Station &amp; Casino on Boulder Hwy. It was just an OK hotel. We had no micro-wave, refrigerater, VCR.We did have a great view from the 14th floor looking at the Strasaphere and some of the casinos, and Freemont Street. If you are a non-smoker as we are ( don't stay there) The casino is sooooooosmoky you will HATE it. Our eyes were burning and we were coughing all the time. The only bright spot is the FEAST Buffetit was great, 140 items to choose from. Ask for the non-smoking to the right side the smoke won't bother you as much over there. In fact all the dining places are open to the casino)smoke driftsinto the resturants do they think everyone SMOKES??Security it tops in this place, you won't be allowed to your room unless you can show a room card , I liked that idea, we felt safe.	
Nov 28 2004	Disappointed to say the least.	My husband and I have been staying at Boulder Station once or twice a year (or more) for the last five years. In the past, we enjoyed our stay and the rooms were always clean and comfortable. Our most recent trip to visit family for Thanksgiving, yielded much different results. First, the bedspreads and blankets were dirty and smelled of body odor. Housekeeping did change them at my request, however I felt that is something that should never have happened in the first place. Second, one of the nights during our stay, we were awakened by the sound of wailing and leather hitting skin. The headboard (on their side) hitting hard enough to shake the wall on our side. I called the front desk and was told security would be right up. We waited 45 minutes, but they never showed up. I finally went down to the front desk and the same clerk called security again and promised they would rectify the situation. She told me it was a single male alone who had checked in for one night only. Now, anyone can figure out that his &quot;guest&quot; was a prostitute. It was like having a porno movie on full blast in my room. I've never felt so disgusted, degraded and mortified in my life, but the worst part was the manager's reaction. I felt we should not have been charged for that night ($29) at the very least. She coldly apologized for the noise and the &quot;inconvenience&quot; and gave us a 30 percent discount for the night ($11). She did not feel that being forced to listen to a prostitute (and that's being nice about it) moaning and wailing for 45 minutes before security showed up warranted anything more. (Could you imagine children being exposed to that?) The manager's attitude was the ultimate insult and the reason we will not return to Boulder Station in Las Vegas.	
Nov 22 2004	We all enjoyed Boulder Station		
Aug 7 2004	Perfect size!		
Jun 19 2004	and excellent value		
May 20 2004	2 Thumbs Up!		
May 16 2004	Very nice		
Apr 28 2004	If you have children you can't go wrong here!		
Feb 2 2004	Great room for the price		
Nov 6 2003	Terrific Boulder Station		
Oct 21 2003	The best of the Station Casinos		
Aug 18 2003	Great Stay!		
