Dec 24 2003	FRAUD at Bel Aire West	We pre-paid our bill through Hotels for a charge of $377.55, AND was incorrectly charged again for $136.25 to stay at the Bel Aire West Hotel, advertised as a 4-Star hotel, with gourmet meals and King-size beds. However, upon our arrival, the absolute opposite was true. We were given a room with a full size bed, hard as a rock, there was NO room service for the three days we were there, no fresh bed linens (there was still long, black hairs stuck in the unwashed comforter from the last guest), no fresh towels, no trash picked up. There was no coffeemaker, no coffee. In our room there was a fridge and microwave, however, no plates, no silverware only plastic ware. There were NO gourmet meals. They served velveeta cheese in the omelettes and the ham for the Thanksgiving dinner was as tough as leather. The heater did not work properly, it took serveral hours for the room to heat up. We were told that we could not get our money back, because we had pre-paid through Hotels And it is impossible to find another hotel on Thanksgiving weekend, so they knew we were forced to stay there. Upon going to the manager, Cliff Singleton, his response was to only laugh, and then argue with me. At first he tried to claim that we never stayed at his hotel. When I was finally able to reach him to describe our horrible experience there, Mr. Singleton continued to laugh, be beligerent and argue that he was not responsible for correcting the 4-Star rating for his hotel and that Hotels.com was responsible for changing that rating. It seemed he was used to screaming at customers the way he was screaming at me. Then on December 1, 2003, long after we had checked-out Thanksgiving weekend, Mr. Singleton charged us again, for $136.25, claiming we did not show up to his hotel. But we were there for three horrible days! I called my bank to let them know that I was now being double billed, when we had already pre-paid with Hotels. I can only fill out a complaint form. Meanwhile, Mr. Singleton is allowed to take $513.80 from my account which is not legally his! THIS PLACE IS A FRAUD AND A NIGHTMARE!!!!	
Oct 19 2003	Highly reccomend! We are repeat guests...	While some of the &quot;guests&quot; are full-time residents, we found the resort to be a refreshing change from the noisy, casino atmosphere. The food was excellent, the staff friendly and helpful. The pool and jacuzzi were maticuasly maintained as well as the whole place. We are staying there again this week!	
Oct 8 2003	You've got to be kidding	We checked in and checked out within 30 minutes. Only wish had we had read tripadvisor prior to booking. Used hotels website. WRONG MOVE...Food is disgusting. We went to graba bite after a long drive and found no salvation. Unlike the claims, there is no fine dining, no restaraunt...buffet full of fried food. Rude women claiming to be the &quot;owner&quot; - have no idea what her problem was. She was rude to my husband at check-in and that was enough for us.Room smelled like mildew...bed was cheap. We imagined a upscale property. Don't let this place sucker you in. Overpriced for a residence/daily rental place.	
Sep 23 2003	Mislead	Mislead - old folks home...not hotel. Poor service at check in - lost my reservation which was made online. luckily had confirmation with me.gross - found 2 cockroaches in room - smelled musty. Staff was nice but no one seemed to know what to do - everything seemed to be in disarray -waste of money - we checked out and went to mandalay bay - same price for incredible service!	
Jul 24 2003	Retirement Home	Advertised as a resort off the strip. FAR off the Strip, my cab driver had never heard of it and could not find it! Had to call for directions. Lots of walking equipment and wheelchairs - no concierge, cafeteria, not a restaraunt. Cheap food, cheap furniture in rooms. Do not recommend to anyone.	
