	Horrible	Elevators did not work ,homeless in and out to use restrooms,prostitutes ,have to go through nightclub to get to room,different beds in one room,dirty carpets,no radio and no hair dryer in my roomSave your money and go somewgere else	
Oct 30 2009 	What a steal!	I couldn't believe this room when I saw it. We stayed in the deluxe suite which was just slightly more expensive per night than the regular room. It was huge and beautifully decorated and, of course, brand new. There was a full kitchen complete with stove, table and chairs and everything you might need in a kitchen (blender, cutting boards, etc.). We didn't use the kitchen, but if you were staying longer it would be a great place to save some money. There was a sitting area with couches and a flat screen tv, a large bedroom, a huge bathroom with a tiled glass shower and two shower heads, and even a separate second bathroom with the toilet and another shower with a tub (great for the kids, if we had brought them). There was tons of space and everything was very tastefully decorated in art deco. There was even a washer and dryer in the room for longer stays. The fitness center is huge and top notch, and there's a nice indoor pool with a pool bar. Parking was plentiful and free, and it's a 15 minute walk to the strip, or they have a shuttle that runs occasionally (but we just rented a car). We were thrilled to stumble upon this place and get such a great suite for such a small price.	
Oct 25 2009	Great trip for the girls!	My sister and I went on this trip to Las Vegas. We had a great time. We stayed at Bluegreen Club 36. It was a very nice place and all employees were very sweet and helpful. We stayed for 3 nights and 4 days. The one thing that I would recommend to everyone is if you are going to go, either plan on spending at least a week to be able to see all that Las Vegas has to offer. We did not have enough time although we did see alot. I also would recommend not renting a car and to take advantage of the Duece Double Decker bus that takes you back and forth on the strip. That saves alot of time and headaches of having to find parking. Also you may want to plan out what to do each day. That would have saved us alot of time and we might have got to see more than we did. Las Vegas really has alot to see and do. We were both really pleased with the vacation.	
Sep 22 2009 	Perfect Getaway	This place is amazing, and people who are rating it as a Hotel are mistaken. It's not. Bluegreen is an ownership, a sort of timeshare if you will. They make the rooms as if you were staying in a house not just a room. I would know because we are owners. It is not a hotel where you can order room service and the maid service comes everyday. These rooms are like condo's they have everything you need in them. If you want maid service all you have to do is call but they will not bother you if you don't want it. I was recently injured before our trip and am not supposed to put weight on my knee for a long period of time, I called down to housekeeping and requested a shower chair and had it within minutes. There is a delicious wood-burning pizza place right next door, a bagel joint, and soon opening a hamburger place all within ten feet, an exercise facility, a library to rent out movies and games for kids, and if the internet isn't working a room loaded with internet ready computers at all times. The indoor pool is hot in the summer, what do you expect most pools are outside and no one wants to go in because the water gets so hot from the sun, so the indoor pool is better. There is not much for kids to do in the hotel besides the pool, the games, but your in Vegas! who wants to just stay inside the whole time, get out, go do. The place is knew so they are still developing around it, and trust me once it's done it will be incredible and there will be no need for the strip. How are people judging a place when it's still being built and just opening? That is silly.	
Aug 27 2009 	fabulous!	my family and i decided to head to vegas last minute. we called cheaprooms, and the customer service rep was very friendly, patient, and very helpful. he insisted that we stayed at this hotel because it was perfect size for all of our guests. (5 adults, 2 children-ages 14 &amp; 10) so we booked with them and were off to vegas. when we arrived we were taken back by the size of the rooms, and how nice &amp; clean the rooms were, we decided to even stay an extra night. we stayed in the 2 bedroom suite. OMG it was perfect, its an adjoining deluxe and standard room. each room has 1 king size bed, 1 queen or full size pull out, (so thats 4 beds total, 2 in each room) there's a total of 3 bathrooms (the deluxe room has the walk in shower &lt;3), refrigerator, oven, micro, dishwasher, utensils, washer/dryer, flatscreens, CD players, and cool decor. parking is free, the pool area is in door and beautiful, my father, brother &amp;, hubby loved the gym, the staff is super friendly, and its close to the LV strip (about 1 mile away). walking distance for some, but i dont like walking in the heat, i sweat too easily and dont want to look a mess in the beautiful city of vegas ;) all in all i would so look forward to staying there again. i highly recommend this hotel, for family, friends, or just a couples get away. oh and i've seen pics of their penthouse suite.. i would love to stay there, i hear you have to reserve way in advance though.	
Jul 18 2009 	Overall nice stay	We recently stayed at the Bluegreen Club 36 on a family vacation. We booked through saveonresorts.com for the Tahiti Village. After we paid for out stay there, we were advised that T.V. filed bankruptcy and was offered to stay at Bluegreen. Despite my doubts about this resort, we booked anyway. The place is very nice. I especially loved the stand up shower. It was the highlight of our stay. The one problem I had with this stay is that it was not kid friendly. Meaning, there was not much for a kid to do. There is an indoor pool area but it is very hot and humid inside. I kinda wished we would have stayed at Tahiti Village instead so the kids could enjoy it more. The timeshare presentation was suppose to be 90-120minutes but ended up lasting 2-1/2 hours but it was not high pressure at all. I would recommend this resort for a couple with no kids.	
Jul 2 2009 	Great for the price!! Friendly staff and service	I stayed here for a week and attended a 90 minute promo for the vacation club, and it was fun. The full kitchen helped us save money because we didn't have to eat out for each meal. I would definately go here again! Clean rooms and very courteous staff!!!!!	
May 17 2009 	NICE PLACE	We got a 2 bedroom and were pleasantly surprised when we found it was 2 hotel rooms joined together. I expected just 2 bedrooms in one room. It was great. We had NO PROBLEMS with the noise from the airport, didn't even hear it and the room DID NOT SHAKE. Am going there again in August. It is close to the strip, it is in an area that is developing now, not much else there yet. Check it out for yourself, don't take anyone elses opinion because some people EXPECT too much. We had problems with the washer/dryer in one of the rooms and they did come and fix it, a little slow about that but it was done, but it was only a month old and kinks are to be expected. NOTHING IS PERFECT.	
May 7 2009 	this place is bad news	Upon check-in, I asked about wireless internet access. I was given a set of instructions on a small piece of xeroxed paper. Got in room, could not get online. To make a VERY LONG story short I spent the next two hours going back and forth with the front desk and their offsite internet tech providers trying to get the wireless working. The right hand did not know what the left was doing. Finally had to walk out to the lobby to get online before going out for business. They promised it would be fixed when I returned. I got back and it was not fixed. Finally had to move rooms the next morning to get to a room that had access. This type of &quot;non-service&quot; was typical of this property. It's run by amateurs, there is no restaurant, no room service, the place is still not finished, there are work men all around, and it was almost empty when I was there, for good reason. There is a small indoor pool but that's the only amenity in the place. The rooms are spacious and nice but that's all this weird, tacky place has going for it. Oh yeah, and it's right next to the aiport so every ten minutes the place shakes as the roar of a jet passes right overhead.	
Apr 22 2009 	What a great new hotel with some great conveniences as well	We are Bluegreen owners and this place is brand spanking new and we had no idea of it. Wonderful. the room was better than expected. Walk in shower. Nice kitchen, all the amenities. Except no free WiFi. The facility is part of a group of supporting businesses and that was nice to have in walking distance and plenty of parking. Staff was excellent and the facility itself is exceptional and we will be back.	
Apr 18 2009 	Great Place Perfect for Family!	This is a great place to stay. We stayed April 16, 09 thru April 18, 09; if you're looking for Las Vegas experience without all the smoke &amp; casino's, this is great. The rooms are spacious, clean and with all the amenities of home. We had a 2-bedroom villa and it was great. Staff was great &amp; helpful..Although the location is right off the strip it's close enough to still be part of the Las Vegas sceen. The airport is also near by but we hardly notice the noise unless we were outside. The views from our windows were great of the mountains as well as the strip. Cabs and buses are available, however, we had a rental car which made it even better. Park at several of the casino's on the strip and never had to pay for parking.We'll definetly be going back to stay at Club 36.	
Apr 4 2009 	Enjoyable stay at Club 36	Check in was quick and efficient. The room was clean and roomy. The shower was wonderful. The kitchen was well quipped and the furniture was comfortable. As other reviews have stated, this property is not on the strip. However it is only a short drive to MGM or any of the other strip hotels where free Valet parking is available. It's a little trouble, but certainly managable. The front desk will also gladly call you a cab which will arrive in only a matter of minutes. On the positive side, I did not have to travel through a smokey casino to access my room as I would have in a hotel located on the strip. Yes, the property is near the airport and yes we did hear the planes but they were not disturbing. It was so nice to have the extra room offered in the condo VS a hotel room. We purchased some food and were able to eat breakfast at the condo each morning. The washer and dryer were an added bonus. We did laundry about half way through our trip, which allowed us to pack lighter. Overall we had a very positive experience at Club 36 and will certainly return again.	
Mar 4 2009 	Excellent value Fully equiped rooms	We were pleasantly surprised with this hotel. On the 2nd floor, we did not hear any jet noise. I loved the exercise room, it is state of the art with lots of equipment. The pool was great with a bar that sold snacks. The game room is great and the sundeck was very nice. There was a subway, bagel shop, and beverage store on premises. The rooms have two flat screen TVs and two alarm clocks (one in the bedroom, one in the living area). There is a washer and dryer, small stove, convection/microwave, coffee pot, apartment size refrigerator, and all the kitchen appliances/ cookware you could need.We did not like the fact you have to pay a arm and a leg for internet access. There is an ether net hook up in the room so bring a cable with you - free access.We did not like the pass way door between units that allowed noise to transfer from other tenants.Staff is new and not yet trained.They will make up the king-size bed, take out trash, and bring fresh towels. You have to leave towels on the floor to get new ones.It is about an 18 - 22 min walk to the strip. I recommend driving and park at the MGM. There is a shuttle but we did not use it.Because of the construction, it's a little irksome to get in and out from the main roads. I suggest you study this carefully to avoid frustration. You will not find another room with these amenities for the price.	
Feb 28 2009 	Not bad but cheap furnishings/fixtures	I really, really wanted to give this better reviews. The staff was friendly, the night bellhop was incredibly outgoing and accomodating, and our (third) room was HUGE and immaculate. Yes- third room. So we arrived at 4pm (standard check-in time) with plans to go right up to our room, get showered from the road trip, get dressed and run out the door to see a show with some friends. We entered our small but adorable room (also with full kitchenette) and we started unpacking. Then my wife smells it- smoke! In a non-smoking hotel! She's allergic to smoke (I know, bad idea to come to Vegas, right?), so she had me come out to take a whiff, too. Sure enough- smoke is wafting under the door into our room from the adjoining room next door. Not just smoke- it was pot!! I'm no prude, but we don't smoke the stuff and weren't looking for a contact high. We decided to go ahead and shower, and see if the smell passed. Nope! Before I knew it, our room smelled like a marijuana factory set ablaze! So we called down to the front desk and they sent up security to make them stop (I know, we're buzz killers!). They certainly quieted up right away, but the smell persisted. We are now cutting it really close to having time to dress and fly out the door before our show, but we called down and asked for another room. They obliged, and told us we'd be moved to 509B. They would send the bellhop up immediately with the key and the luggage cart. So we hastily packed everything up again and waited. Waited, and waited and waited for what seemed forever. No sign of anyone! So my wife ran down the stairs while I grabbed all our bags and moved them WAY over to the far south side of the hotel over to our new room. She runs back up, key in hand! Phew! We just may make it! So we slide the key in the lock and.... nothing. It doesn't work!!!!!! WHAT??!!??? [-], I'm ticked off now!! By hunch, I decided at the last minute to try the key on 509A. Voila!! It worked! And we had been upgraded to a much larger suite! But not really. It was a mistake by Marvin at the front desk who had mis-coded the key. We walked in, the maid had obviously not been by at all. The place wreaked of male urine as the previous guest had not flushed the freaking toilet! GROSS!! There was used soap with male body hair left on the sink, and the bed was entirely unmade. WHATEVER! We are SOOOO late, so I quickly ironed my shirt, dressed and we FLEW out the door. We stopped by to see Marvin on the way out. We explained to him the situation, and asked that he please send up a maid so that when we returned we had a clean, non urine-smelling room to enjoy. He said &quot;sure thing! So sorry about the mistake!&quot; and we ran out to make it to the show JUST in the nick of time.Alright- fast-forward to later that night (much later, and we are exhausted). We head up to our suite, open the door- and NOTHING had been cleaned! Worse yet- all of our stuff was gone. My wife immediately picked up the phone, (amazingly) kept calm, and asked them where the heck our stuff was. Turned out- they moved it all to yet ANOTHER room and sent the bellhop up to meet us with the new key. Now- this hotel is pretty big for not having a casino attached to it. I swear, we walked for 10 minutes before reaching now the far NORTH end of the hotel. I don't mind walking, but I just wanted to SLEEP at this point. Anyway- the bellhop met us, handed us the key and all was fine after that. Gorgeous room with a view of the end of the runway. I loved watching the planes taking off and landing at night. They weren't too noisy. You can definitely hear them, but they kinda blended in as white noise. The bed was comfy, no complaints. There was a microwave/convection oven, perfect for heating up our leftovers. They even had a washer and dryer- which we didn't end up using during our 3 night stay.My complaints about the room, though- they opted for inexpensive, but fancy looking modern furniture. We're talking Ikea quality stuff here, folks. The doorknob for the guest bathroom was busted. The cabinet above the fridge was busted and nearly landed on my wife's head when she opened it. The top rack of the dishwasher was busted and did not slide out. The couches were comfy, but they gave off static electricity like crazy- I kept zapping myself all over the place. Ow! And finally- on our last night there, the toilet handle broke. We ended up having to &quot;manually&quot; flush the toilet by pouring buckets of water into it to clear out the bowl. Joy!! All in all, though, I took these experiences with a grain of salt. Had Marvin, the Bellhop (sorry- can't recall his name) and the rest of the staff not been on top of everything, I would have given this place a much more harsh review. Mistakes happen (the key), but they did everything they could to make sure we were happy with our stay. They even gave us a comment card as we left. :-)Yes, I would stay here again- but really- for a brand new hotel to already have it's furnishings falling apart... not cool! They might want to consider investing in some sturdier (possibly not as pretty) stuff.	
Feb 27 2009 	Don't believe all the bad reviews - place is just fine	We travelled down to Vegas for a one week stay thanks to a timeshare transfer from my girlfriends parents. We read the reviews on tripadvisor and were frankly scared of what we were reading. Luckily there was nothing to worry about.The place was clean, the rooms were large and the distance to the MGM was not at all a problem.It didn't start off well though. The front desk had a request that we stay somewhere NOT on the top floor as we believed all the reviews detailing that the planes overhead were a distraction. This is truely not the case by the way. The front desk spent over 30 minutes trying to figure out a room for us. Even when we said that we would take anything just to get upstairs after a 24 hour work and travel day, they still ignored us and tried to shuffle people and things around so that we could get a room. Once we got to the room, we coudn't be happier. The room was big and the two head shower was to die for. The two biggest misrepresentations of Club 36 was the planes and the distance to the casinos. I already commented on the first. As for the distance, it was exactly a 14 minute walk from our door to the MGM door. Big deal. That's a half hour walk a day to and from. Vegas is all about walking and anyone who complains about 14 minutes is probably just too lazy. We grabbed a coffee at Einsteins and began our walk each morning. Distance, is not a problem.They did have the bagel shop (Einsteins) open as was Subway and a liquor store. Everything a man can want. We did use the pool and hot tub. Did not see the exercise room or the internet stations. Would I go back? Absolutely. Sure, you can argue that a casino stay gives you the convenience of just heading down an elevator to start losing your money, but we found it refreshing and relaxing to be .7 of a mile off the strip. And you can't beat the rooms size.	
Feb 26 2009 	Nice Property Bad Location	I recently stayed at the Club 36 through an exchange with RCI. When I arrived the Front Desk was very professional. I had a Two Bedroom and loved it. The unit was decorated in an Art Deco style. The Swimming Pool and Bar area were great. Now the downside. It's a little ways from the strip. I normally don't rent a car and when you stay here you will need one. Secondly the Airplanes are loud. Very loud. I was on the 4th floor and the room did vibrate. All in all I liked the property but wouldn't stay their again.	
Feb 24 2009 	clean place to stay	Let me preface by saying this is my 8th trip to Vegas, and the first time using my Bluegreen timeshare to stay out there. Most other times we've stay on the strip and it was a hassle to get in and out of the hotels if you're not familliar with the roads.Staying off strip actually makes it easier to get places in a timely manner, as you can take backstreets and avoid strip traffic.The number one best thing about Club 36 was it's cleanliness. Being fairly new, the furnishing were modern and un-tainted with stains. For an apartment, the place was small, but for a hotel room in Vegas - it was HUGE.We stayed in both the A and B suites. The A suite is the larger of the two and it has a larger bedroom, living room and bath. A suite also has a gorgeous walk-in shower with glass enclosure, right off the bedroom with the king size bed. (see photos). Both rooms have king beds and fully furnished kitchens.DO NOT use the washer/dryers. They do not dry clothes, I had to have maintenance come up after my 2 pairs of jeans were dripping wet after 2 hours in the dryer. I made them take them down to the industrial dryers in the basement so that I could leave the room!A Suite has an icemaker, B Suite has two ice cube trays. We didn't do any cooking, but we did use the fridge for left overs. There is an Albertson's grocery store close-by where we purchased a few items.There is a coffee maker and free cofee/sweetners in each suite.Club 36 is directly across from the airport, however, you can't really hear the planes take off/land from your room. There is a nice pool area with a bar and a patio. We watched the plans take off/land from the patio and it's really a sight to see.All rooms are non-smoking, we had to smoke on the patio or out front.Customer service has left a lot to be desired. There really was no &quot;welcome&quot;, more of a here's your keys, there's the elevator. We were supposed to recieve a basket and some show tickets. We never got the basket, but my mother went down and asked about the show tickets.The tickets are currently for The Mentalist at Hooters. You have to exchange the tickets for real tickets at the casino and pay $9.95 per drink, two drink minimum I believe. The show wasn't that really impressive, so I guess I should not complain about not getting them on time.When I called to complain about the dryer, the front desk basically said OH WELL. Until I complained a little longer and they sent maintenance up.Internet access is available for a fee. I paid $25 for 3 days of it (I run my own business and needed to stay in touch).There are two restaurants on-site: Einstein Bros Bagels - AMAZING bagels, but the don't stay open for dinner. And SUBWAY. There is a pizza joint being built, but it's not open yet.There is also a Liquor store on site.Both Suites have flat screen TV's in the living room and bedrooms.	
Feb 22 2009 	Comfy Modern great place!	At less than the cost of a casino hotel, this was a true find. Proximity to hotels/convention was a plus, but distance from the madness while on business was a huge plus. Comforts of home with a dishwasher, oven microwave, and washer/dryer were unbeatable for my almost week long stay. Indoor pool/hot tub was clean and convenient. Staff was fantastic, and furnishing were clean and modern. Never heard an overhead airplane inside but brace yourself for the noise once outside in the parking lot. Subway and Einsteins on premesis was a plus.	
Feb 14 2009 	Wonderful Stay!	We are Bluegreen Owners and we booked our trip using our points. Being so close to the airport was nice and not staying on the strip was great. The traffic on the strip was horrible and we have family in Vegas so we drove most places. When we did walk to the strip, it was about a 10 min walk to the MGM. The room was great. Our one bedroom villa had two bathrooms and a full living room. The pool was nice and the sun deck was anice touch. When we checked in, the desk clerk gave us a free upgrade to a wonderful room with a beautiful view. One night we came back to our room and we could hear the room next door having a party. When we were in our room we could not hear anything even though our bed was right up against their wall. The only thing I didn't like was that they did not have any housekeeping for your room unless you requested clean towels or linens. Overall, we had a great stay and plan to go back soon.	
Jan 27 2009 	Great view of the Strip at night	We are Bluegreen members and invited friends to join us on this trip. Our friends had never been to Vegas before so we couldn't wait to share this trip with them. We had connecting rooms 1bed room deluxe that blew us away when we walked in, the bathroom was HUGE and the living room was tastefully designed. The other room was a little smaller but our guest just raved over the accomidations. The front desk was very helpful and the youngman that escorted us up with our luggage truely was a great spirt, each time with crossed paths during our stay he made sure he asked if there was anything he could do for us. The view of the strip from our room at night was priceless! We had the perfect view of its glory. The hotel is close to being completed and i plan on returning one day and staying in the Presidental room, we were able to view the room during our stay and let me tell you WOW! make sure to check this out during you visit. The only down falls to stay was no shutle to the strip, we made do and used the city bus system that picked up about 200 yards from the property. We purchased the all day pass that got us to the mainstrip and tranfered onto the double decker buses once we were on the strip, using this we were able to travel anywhere we wanted including to Freemont St.	
Jan 21 2009	Do yourself a favor and stay away from Club 36	This is the worst property at the worst location in Las Vegas. We were enticed with a great rate at this property if we go on a 60 minute tour. The price was right so why not. The property is so close to the Airport and a runway that airplanes were flying over every 5 - 10 minutes. It was also very loud. You couldn't enjoy yourself outside or in your room. The property was literally shaking as the planes flew over. After one night we checked out and went to the Luxor and tried to salvage the rest of our vacation. Why a resort would be built so close to a runway is mind boggling. Also for being such a new property it was already run down.	
Jan 4 2009 	Looking forward to the finished results.	We arived into Vegas at raound 11:30pm, staff were very helpfull when we arived and had us in our room very fast. The room was one of the basic ones, however it was fantastic. Bed was great to sleep on. Kitchen was small, but im not cooking for a large party so all was good. Washer and dryer, large bath/shower, and great dinning/ lounge area. To sum it up, it was fantastic. Club 36 is still in development, what is there so far looks very nice and I am looking forward to the finished results. From what I have been told there are big plans for the rest of the undeveloped land around. A little way from the strip, but it is easy to get to. Taxi's are a little on the slow side, and make sure you let others out side know if you ar ewating as we had others cut in front a few times. Staff were very friendly, I would say that theye are a little understaffed in the main lobby area and still learning. They provided us with great service whilst we were there, and guest services was great in getting anything we wanted in regards to shows and events. If there was a down side, it would be that the resort is under the flight path of aircraft ariving and departing the airport. We were there for the timeshare seminar. It was a little long, but they did show us around all of the room variations and facilities. In regards to sales reps, the ones we encountered were not pushing a sale on us and worked with us in regards to all of our questions, to obtain an outcome that we all liked. Over all they were very profesional showing a good product as all purchased that day. With an open mind all can go very smooth.Overall we will visit Club 36 again and look forward to seeing the finished result.	
Dec 3 2008 	Do NOT waste your points on this so-called "resort"	Well, the first night in Vegas we stayed at the Palazzo. It was wonderful. We were then in for quite a shock at our next destination. When I booked the reservation, I specifically asked the Bluegreen representative how far off the strip it was, as it is very vague on their website. She indicated...&quot;it is very close to MGM, right behind it, in fact&quot;. Well, that was a total misrepresentation of the facts. This resort per our GPS is over 1 mile from Las Vegas Blvd to the doors. I don't consider a mile &quot;right behind&quot; anything. When we got there to check-in at 4:25 (check-in is at 4), our room wasn't ready. So, I had to wait while they changed our room. We were put on the top floor (7)...the room closest to the elevator. Now, if you were there it was apparent the resort was not full at all...which will be an important fact, as you will see in a minute.The so-called &quot;resort&quot; is right across from the airport runway. Per their website &quot;Bluegreen guests can enjoy the peace and privacy of a 1- or 2-bedroom villa.&quot; Believe me...there is NO PEACE when jet motors are flying right above your head all night on floor 7...I don't understand why they don't use the lower floors first when the resort is not full!There was supposedly a shuttle that ran every 3 hours, but only until 9:00 PM. We waited for 50 minutes one morning and it never showed up. I asked the &quot;lady&quot; at the service counter and she promptly picked up the sign of the shuttle schedule, walked over to the reception desk, and told the check-in person to stop sending people to her because she didn't know anything about the shuttle! Customer service is completely lacking. I have been pretty happy with other Bluegreen resorts, but this one just blurred my happy image of them. As the review title indicates, staying at this resort is a complete waste of points, money, time, and effort.	
Nov 21 2008 	Great Place to Stay!!!	My two friends and I (ages 28, 30, &amp; 32) went to Vegas for a long weekend, starting on Friday and ending on Tuesday. I own my time share through Bluegreen, but have not used it much. Before our trip, I received a call from the resort. They wanted to make sure I had everything in order, including a car rental. The rate they gave us for 4 full days in a new Chrysler Sebring was incredible. They do this to help ease the pain of being a bit off the strip (which, I knew about). Upon arrival at Club 36, we were promptly greeted by the doorman, checked in, and taken to our room. Yes, it was a long walk to our room, but I promise you, the walking didn't hurt us a bit. I will warn you that the doors are very heavy! We stayed in a 1 bedroom standard. It was very cute. It had everything we needed, and if we needed more, we just asked and it was delivered fairly promptly. Our view was decent. You could actually see a chunk of the strip with the resort being back from it. Because of the distance from the strip, and our desire to drink, we chose to take cabs at night. We were very surprised by the cost. It only cost $14 to the Palms, and a little under $9 to Margaritaville (going the back way). It's a good idea to have them drop you off on the side road by Margaritaville. We did this even if we weren't going to Margaritaville. It was a good middle point to walk from. All in all, we were very pleased with the resort. I knew going in that it wasn't 100% completed, that they didn't offer shuttles to the strip, and that if I chose to walk, it might take a little bit. They did not hide any of this from me, and we really enjoyed our stay. We will go back.	
Oct 24 2008 	Never Again	We stayed in a one bedroom suite with a supposed &quot;King&quot; Bed.When I inquired at the front desk I was told all beds in the complex were the same and that they were all King beds. Their beds are NOT King beds.I measured the bed to be about 60&quot; wide. Not a King bed in my world. They had a table beside the bed that was too big for the room and my husband kept hitting his elbow on it at night.The unit is furnished nice but VERY small and dark, very hard to read. The only window was in the bedroom and didn't open. All light bulbs that we could see (except for one) are incandescent not compact flourescents.Light switches are not conveniently located and I had to stumble my way to the door to turn on any lights in the morning.The In room safe is under the bathroom cabinet as I accidently discovered on the 2nd day.The alarm clock is in the living room and is not accessable to move to the bedroom. We had to rely on wakeup calls. One we got one we didn't. We were late for a meeting as a result.The kitchen is too small to be of much use. Unlike the other reviewer we did have kichen ware. The kitchen chairs were very heavy metal chairs and made a horrible racket on the tile when you pulled them out. You could hear the people above you when they moved their chairs.Staff was friendly, but service was inconsistent.First three days beds were made and garbage emptied, we even got fresh towels on the third day. Day four, nothing. Late afternoon we inquired and was told they would send someone up. Got back late and nothing was done. Inquired the next day and was told that because this was a vacation rental there was no maid service. Next day, bed was made again. Go figure!There are three computers on the 2nd floor but were painfully slow. To the point that I gave up.Heard enough? Oh yea. If you plan to stay here bring good walking shoes. Depending on where your room is you could be in for a long walk! We had to walk down a long longway to the elevator and then walk down another long hallway to get to our room. It become very tiresome after awhile. And you'll need them to walk to the strip. Even though it looks close it is about a 20-25 minute walk to the MGM.With all the places to stay in Las Vegas I wiil never stay here again!	
Oct 21 2008 	NEVER AGAIN	We are BlueGreen time share owners, and booked this October trip several months in advance. We wanted to be in Vegas for the Barret-Jackson Auto Auction. We booked a 1 bedroom deluxe room for 4 nights. We arrived at the resort earlier than the 4pm check in time, and our room was ready, the one thing we enjoyed about our stay. The first night in our room was a disaster. The room opposite ours was not occupied, and at 4 am the clock radio in that room went off, waking me and my wife. I went to the desk, explained to them the problem. Security went to that room and obviously hit the snooze button. Just as we went back to sleep, the alarm went off again. A little agitated, I returned to the front desk, and complained again. Once again, security went to that room and cut the alarm off. As we fell asleep again, the alarm went off the third time. Now, very agitated, I returned to the front desk, complained, went back to our room, but unable to sleep. Securiy finally decided to unplug the clock. The resort had an upgrade seminar scheduled for us at 11:30 am, so instead of getting out and exploring Vegas, we stayed in the room until our appointment time. After waiting more than a half hour, we were told that all the sales-persons were busy, and we could wait or reschedule. We declined both, went back to our room, once again agitated, since we lost another half day of our vacation. We had a message on our phone stating we were late for our presentation. Now about the resort in general: We were told that there was a convenience store, 5 restaurants, and 2 liquor stores onsite, which wasn't the case. They are still under construction. We were told there was a game room onsite, and we could not find it. Each floor has a trash chute located behind the elevators. Upon opening the door, trash was piled in the room, as the chute door was locked. There were eggshells on the floor, and after our 4 nights there, the smell and the eggshells were still there. One of the elevators was being worked on, and when the mechanic finished, his sheetrock dust and mess was on the floor in the elevator lobby for 2 days. Calling temselves a &quot;high end&quot; resort, I have to wonder what &quot;high end&quot; means to them. The chair rail and base molding in the hallways had gaps where the two pieces were supposed to be joined, poor quality trim work, not condusive to high end. The exit to the presentation room had the door closer covers laying on the floor, along with some trash and a dead frog or toad. I didn't know there were frogs in the desert. Where the maintainence crew cut a hole in the wall, they didn't bother to patch the hole and finish their work. Now, about our room: We found dirty dishes in the cabinets, and dirty eating utensils in the drawer. The dishwasher was installed crooked, not a big deal, but not condusive to high end construction. The shower stall in our room had tile and grout missing, one tile had a sharp edge. Lighting in the living room was inadequate for reading. The ceiling fan/light fixture in the living room would turn the fan on, but not the light. Seems they would have a seperate switch for the light. The laundry room had no light, making it hard to see the controls. The instructions for the appliances were vague, had to go to the front desk to figure out how to work them. The television stations were limited - we wanted to watch some of the Barret-Jackson Auction on the Speed channel, but coud not get it.I have photos of the items above, but am having trouble downloading them. I will be happy to send them to anyone interested.	
Oct 20 2008 	Better places to stay in Vegas	If you are looking for a hotel in Vegas simply to sleep and rest, this is the resort for you. If you are going to Vegas to experience Vegas DON'T stay here. Aesthetically, this is a great resort. It's brand new, with a modern design, the most comfortable beds and the 1 bedroom deluxe has an amazing shower. These are the only good things I can say about the place.There is nothing to do at the hotel. None of the restaurants/bar/casinos are open. They are all still under construction. We didn't arrive until after 11pm and just wanted to grab a drink before bed. Nada. They don't even have a gift shop with snacks or vending machines available. The staff is not very helpful. The concierge had to look through a magazine to help me and my boyfriend find a place to have a romantic dinner. The timeshare presentation was awful. Their 90-minute presentation turn into 2 hours and 45 minutes. We told the salesmen a handful of time we weren't interested and after he insulted my boyfriend and I told him to stop pushing, we finally we able to leave. The worst part about the stay was the 25-minute walk to and from the strip to the hotel. Club 36 clams to be close to the strip but it's at least 1.5 miles away or a $15 cab ride. Be prepared to spend money on cabs if you didn’t drive to Vegas. The walk is a little scary because of the crazy traffic on Tropicana and there is nothing but dirt surrounding the hotel. I wouldn’t walk this alone at night. If you are not a member with this timeshare, I would spend your money at a different hotel.	
Oct 18 2008 	Blue Green Club 36 Resort	My friend and I stayed at Blue Green Club 36 for 2 nights. The place was only 4-5 weeks old when we stayed and was not completed, the pool was nice and the 1 bedroom deluxe was great. The bathroom was the best! The shower is awesome,it has 2 shower heads and a bench seat. The other review was correct the door was in the way of the other sink when it was opened. It did have a washer/dryer and ours was in the dark as well. We did complain about that when we checked out. The place definately needs a shuttle to take you to the strip, during the day it was not so bad but at nite it was kinda scary to walk it. It was farther than it looked to walk it. The presentation was AWFUL, the man we had was very nasty and we complained about him. The people at the front desk were very nice and helpful. I think once its completed it will be really nice, nothing much to do there now. The excercise room looked really nice too. We were needing a room for the third nite of our stay and we didnt want to pay $95 a nite so they helped us find other places to stay. The airport is across the road and we didn't notice the noise at all. The bus stop was a joke, the buses took forever and the stops were either after the place or before it. The bed and furniture was nice and comfortable.	
Oct 17 2008 	For the Most Part a Good Place to Stay	We've been owners at Bluegreen for 6 years. Don't even get me started on the timeshare thing...but the fact is, we're stuck with it, so we might at well make the best of it. So when we heard they were opening a new resort in Vegas, we wanted to check it out.We stayed in a 1 bedroom deluxe and it was really a nice unit. The kingsize bed was comfortable and the matress pad and bottom sheet didn't keep coming off like it seems to do in some resorts. That was a plus.There were 2 bathrooms, one contains a counter with a double sink and a huge shower. The shower has 2 showerheads and a bench to sit on...Heavenly! I'm really missing that shower! The 2nd bathroom had a toilet, tub, a counter with one sink and a closet with extra space for lines.The problem though, was that if you opened the door between the 2 bathrooms, it pretty much rendered the 2nd sink useless because it opened up right in front of it. And if you stepped out of the shower at the same time that your husband came through the other bathroom door, you had a near collision because the shower door opened close to the door seperating the bathrooms. That design was poor planning on Bluegreen's part.Another example of poor planning was the situaton with the washer/dryer. They were inside a closet that had no light whatsoever. There wasn't even a light in the hallway outside the closet. We mentioned this to the timeshare salespeople and they said they'd received a lot of complaints about it....but the only way to fix it was to rewire all the units.I suggested they give you a flashlight when you check in. LOLIn spite of these negatives, it's a decent place to stay. It's about a mile from the strip, so renting a car is probably your best option until they get a shuttle going. I was concerned that with the airport being so close it would be noisy, but surprisingly it wasn't. When the planes take off and land, they look like they're flying right into the building- which is a little unnerving at first but soon becomes kind of fascinating to watch.All in all, it was a good place to stay.	
Oct 15 2008 	Awful place to be	We booked our trip to Club 36 in February. It was booked under my maiden name. I was married in May and called Club 36 to have them change my name on the reservations and all associated paperwork. The day before we left, Blue Green called to tell us our check-in time was after 5 pm. Since we were driving and it is a 12 + hour drive, I wasn't to happy. When we arrived, they couldn't find our reservation. Why? Because they didn't change my name, but all of my ID was in my married name and since the names didn't match, there was a problem. After battling it out over that, we made it to our room. The carpet was dirty, the kitchen counter wasn't fastened down and there were no pots or pans, and we could not get any hot water from the kitchen or bathroom faucets. The resort is approx. 2 miles from the strip. No shuttle service. It was unusally windy in Vegas that weekend and the palm that was planted right next to the building spent the whole night beating against the bedroom window. The presentation was awful. The presentation manager told my husband to dress up in a &quot;tickle me elmo&quot; suit and it might spice up his sex life so that the wife might want to buy. Excuse me!!! When we decided not to buy, the salesman proceeded to lecture us on how to budget our finances better. When I attempted to interupt and tell him our finances were none of his business, he told me to be quiet, get in line, get my gift and go.All in all, it was an awful time and I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.	
Sep 27 2008 	This is a timeshare. Renters=no use of kitchenette.	Long story short: We got a deal on travelzoo which cut the price of our room in half. We stayed 4 nights. The staff were very nice and our room was very clean and comfortable, complete with sink, stovetop, microwave/convection oven, dishwasher, blender, coffee maker, refrigerator, and washer/dryer.However, when we arrived at our room we found that there were no dishes nor pots or pans to cook with. When we called the front desk, we were told that renters (because this is a timeshare property) were not allowed use of the kitchenette because it was a health code violation. We had already bought groceries to cook with and everything. Nowhere in the advertisements for Club 36 did we see that it was a timeshare property and that renters could not use the kitchenette.When we talked to the front desk, the manager was willing to give us paper plates and cups, but then called back and said they were out of plates and offered a bottle of wine instead. They were very apologetic about the confusion, but still refused to give us any dishes or pots.Luckily, we were on a roadtrip and had a few cooking utensils ourselves, so we brought those up and used them. The hotel did not lock up anything in the kitchenette, so we could still use the appliances. Sort of like, &quot;don't ask, don't tell.&quot;However, it is a brand new facility. The pool is great and so is the semi-rooftop deck. There is no shuttle service to the strip yet but the walk to MGM is minimal and if you have a car I recommend parking in the MGM lot because it is free.I would recommend Club 36 to those renters who have their own cookware, but to those who don't, they should look elsewhere. If you can't get a deal like we did (for $79 a night) it is not worth the money when you can't use the kitchenette. At $149+ a night, it might be more worthwhile to stay at a hotel that's on the strip so you can walk to your favorite restaurants instead of being stranded in a beautiful room with a kitchenette that you can't use.	
Sep 23 2008 	Wonderful Stay at Club 36	Our stay at Bluegreen’s Club 36 was great. Through the Bluegreen Vacation Club, we reserved two units, a 1 bedroom deluxe and a 1 bedroom standard (the units adjoined one another). Each unit was well decorated and comfortable. Both offered king sized beds and pull out sleeper sofas. The bathroom in the deluxe was much larger than the standard, offering a 2 person double headed shower as well as a separate area with a tub. The kitchen had everything needed with the exception of salt and pepper, a dish drying rack, dish soap, and dishwasher soap. We didn’t have the need for these items since we ate out most often.Overall, the resort is nice… nothing too elaborate and showy like some places in Vegas, but very nice. They offer an indoor pool with a whirlpool. There is also a snack bar in the pool area with limited hours. Just outside the pool area is an deck to sunbathe with plenty of lounge chairs and tables. There is also a shower located on the deck for those who need to rinse off. The only drawback to the sunning area is that it is also the area smokers go. If you do not like smoke, be prepared as it is quite busy with smokers throughout the day.There is wireless internet service available in each unit for a daily or weekly charge. Otherwise, there is an area on 2nd floor set up with 3 computers offering internet use (at the time we were there, only 2 of the computers were operating). They need some signage in this area to let patrons know to limit their time at the computer. I was there from 7:45am – 9:30am waiting while two people were using the computers (one was doing “homework” and was going to be a while). While I was waiting, a line formed with 4 people. The exercise facility is very nice with 3 treadmills, 4 eliptical machines and several weight benches. Four LCD TV’s align the walls for easy viewing.The resort is about one block behind the MGM Grand. There is a sidewalk along Tropicana Blvd. that you could walk along if you were interested in walking to the strip. The resort has plans to offer a shuttle to/from the strip, but it was not operational at the time we were there. Having a car was the way to go for us. We spent most of our gambling time at the MGM, we just pulled up to the front door and had our car parked by the valet. They were quick and pleasant when retrieving our car.Overall, the Bluegreen Club 36 Resort is nice and we will definitely return.	
Apr 1 2009	pas si mal pour un sourd		
