	Identity theft	I just had my wedding at the wedding bells chapel there in Alexis Park. Afterwards we went to the bar there in the hotel for drinks and 3 of my guest had their identity stolen. No one from the hotel will pick up my phone calls nor call me back. This place is horrible watch you bank statements people	
	Great for the price	This resort was clean, the rooms were large, we stayed for two nights and can't complain about a thing. Our room was $100/night on new years eve, hard rock hotel is across the street Great location just off the strip. Would definately recommend staying. Great accommodations.	
	I will never stay here again	This place is old and while they have tried to put some &quot;makeup&quot; on it, it is pretty bad. I would have packed up and left but unfortunately had booked the room through Priceline and prepaid. I arrived late, around 10:00, and had to wait for a homeless guy to shuffle down the sidewalk before I could pull in. The manager at the check in counter was pleasant enough. He asked if I wanted &quot;Two small beds or one bigger bed.&quot; Note no mention of a king size bed as the &quot;bigger bed&quot; was a queen. Off to the room. This &quot;resort&quot; is a motel where you drive around and park near your room. I was glad to carry my luggage up the stairs as not to be on the first floor. Call me what you will, but any place where there is a lot of individuals walking around with no particular destination at 10 pm, well, it seems questionable. The room itself is big with a kitchenette, sitting area (sofa, seat), bed and desk. The room smelled musty and the 70s were calling asking for their furniture back! The stories I'm sure this furniture could tell as it was obvious it had seen quite a bit of use. The flat panel TV really looked out of place but was welcome. The bathroom, big tub, nice Toto toilet, bath &amp; body works soaps, was small and aged. The shower head must have been about 5.5 feet high. The caulking around the tub was pulling apart. No bugs to be seen but some of the wandering people outside seem to have met up about 1am and started to have a loud discussion. No gunplay though, thank goodness. I probably slept a total of two hours. The next morning I was glad to see the wheels were still on my car. Yes, that was the feeling that I got from this place. I can't speak for the grounds as all I wanted to do in the morning was leave. Three stars for this place? PLEASE!!!!	
Nov 17 2009 	Great hotel and super friendly staff	We had this hotel booked for a seminar that we were attending and the hotel was great. Only recommendation I'd have would be better lighting in the bathroom and to upgrade the tub a bit as it's showing it's age. Otherwise, everything else was fabulous. Rooms were very nice, facilities superb and the restaurant was great too. Everyone was extremely friendly and helpful. We'll be back in December!!	
Nov 5 2009	Great hotel	This was fabulous hotel. loved the pools, its close proximity to the centre of vegas. and the room layout and the helpfulness of reception staff!!! would recommend it 100%	
Oct 12 2009 	Great place to stay off of the strip good service very accommodating staff	OK first of all this hotel is not on the strip, and is not really within walking distance to the strip. That said, it is an excellent place to stay if you want a quieter place without staying in the boondocks (it is across the street from the Hard Rock Casino and Cafe and close enough to the airport or the strip for a short cab ride. The property has very nicely landscaped grounds with several pools, a nice place to sip a drink and stroll. The rooms are spacious, ours had a fireplace and a jacuzzi tub with a separate sitting area. All very neat, clean and orderly. The help staff were great, very helpful and friendly. I would recommend this as a good alternative to the large impersonal hotels of the strip.	
Oct 3 2009 	Good Value and Service	We held a corporate meeting for 160 and couldn't have been happier. The resort is quiet and away from the noise and chaos of the strip. The meeting rooms are excellent and the food was superb. There was a very low food and beverage minimum. The banquets staff couldn't have been nicer and more accommodating. There is a complimentary breakfast for guests that was included in the room rate. This avoided having a set breakfast for the group. The front desk was awesome in handling copies and printing for us as well....and they didn't charge us! The on-site A/V company is a little pricey but you are not required to use them, it is just preferred. The high speed internet price is much too high, and due to some marketing issue with the internet carrier, reportedly cannot be waived or modified.Overall, the sleeping rooms are fine....they have updated them and the cleaning service was excellent. Every room is inspected by housekeeping before it is released to a guest. Room service was excellent and fast as we used this numerous times in the days leading up to our event as we prepared for our event.	
Aug 31 2009 	Needs some work!!	My wife and I stayed at Alexis Park as part of a conferance the weekend of August 28th, 2009.The rates we got on the rooms were great... $55/night for a weekend. They allowed us to check in early, and get settled, since our first gathering was scheduled for 7 PM. My wife and I used the time to use one of the 3 pools on the property. Unfortunately, that's the only good thing I can say about the property.The whole property is in serious need of TLC. The bathroom in the room is cramped, and had numerous chipped tiles in the shower area. The molding around the tub was done half assed, and it showed. There was paint peeling EVERYWHERE (both in rooms and common areas) and there were numerous missing tiles in common areas. The wife of one of the attendees saw 3 bugs in their room.. she said she didn't sleep that night.On Saturday, our room still hadn't been cleaned at 1 PM. We had to track down the maid to ask her to clean the room. Our 7 AM wake call we asked for on Saturday? It came at 6 AM... totally unacceptable!!!The conferance included 4 meals.... all 3 on Saturday, and breakfast on Sunday. We paid $17 person for breakfast Saturday.....and it consisted of 3 pancakes and 2 sausage links!! So, the great rate on the rooms was totally erased by the high catering costs.One of the attendee's said the excercise room looked NOTHING like the online pictures on the hotel website.I would not reccommend this hotel to anyone!!!	
Aug 26 2009 	Great deal	I have stayed at alexis park twice first in the monarch room, which was perfect for me and my husband. it was for new years so our rate was $390 for the weekend. we had a small group of six for drinks before heading to the strip. Our guest loved our room and so did we. The second time we went for a wedding and slept in the crown with our two children. This room is perfect for families or small groups. Privacy and space is why I enjoy this hotel. Also the landscaping is nice and the rooms are exceptional. I have never had problems with staff. Infact for new years the concierge gave us a bunch of vip tickets to different venues. I am planning a trip for a january wedding, which will be hosted at alexis through wedding bells chapel and will be staying again in the crown room.	
Aug 16 2009 	Beware of Sales Staff	I had talked with the sales staff about holding an event at this hotel and we had gone over all the details and agreed to all terms. They mailed me a contract to sign and I return to them with in their deadline. The contract was correct and I signed it and spent money to send it over night and to fax them to them also. After they got my fax, some other sales person who i had never spoken too called and said that they would not honor the contract and had booked another group into that space already. Now all this happened in just three days. It was just a shoddy way to do biz. I left messages for the GM, Patrick to call me concerning this, but of course he never did. I am now booking 6 events in teh next 14 mths in Vegas and not even considering Alexis Park. I understand from the locals that Alexis Park is on the down hill slide anyway. So in closing, THANK YOU for being such a poor administration! I got a better deal and at a better place!	
Jun 23 2009 	Great hotel for the price	This is a great hotel for the price. Granted it is nice to stay on the strip but the weekend we went the cheapest room on the Strip was $250 vs. $100 for this hotel. The cab ride was only $7 to the Flamingo or MGM or you can run across the street to the Hard Rock. The rooms are big with a separate bedroom which is nice when you have a group of friends plus a couch, 2 chairs, fridge, etc.	
May 4 2009	"Can do" spirit towards service was lacking facility itself was fine	I stayed for 5 nights during Smokeout, a gay men's cigar event.The Alexis is a former condo complex consisting of numerous small &quot;blocks&quot; around a central courtyard with green spaces and several pools. We had a double suite, two beds and a huge living area, plus kitchenette. Very spacious and very clean.Despite being part of a large group which booked a large number rooms, I felt that service was a little lacking. Case in point: at check-in, I requested two items for my room: a sharps container for syringes (I take an injectable medication), and a supply of extra sugar packets for in-room coffee as I find there are never more than one or two.At the hotel where I work, these two requests would be dealt with at check-in, and likely arrive at the room as soon as the guest. However, the response I got can be paraphrased as &quot;er,,,umm....well...maybe you could ask the restaurant....it's closed now but if you come back when they are open....&quot; Similarly the sharps container seemed to be such a difficult request to meet the front desk really would have preferred I just not press the point.Despite two phone calls to maintenance, neither TV in the suite worked throughout our stay, nor did the drain in the bathroom sink.Internet was cumbersome, expensive (whether in-room or at the business centre) and involved spending a lot of time under the desk dealing with a slipshod assemblage of wires, routers and zip ties. Even after paying for a cord and internet service, we weren't able to hook up in our suite.The killer for me, however, was the response I got to my comment when I checked out. As mentioned before, I was here for a cigar meet, and was lucky enough to get a smoking room; however, many of the attendees did not, despite having had their smoking preference confirmed in advance. (C'mon, people - it's a smoking event - guys want to smoke in their rooms - pretty much the whole point in being there). I mentioned this to the manager who was checking me out, and he said basically that since &quot;there were a lot of problems&quot; this year, next year smoking rooms would be assigned on a first-come, first-served basis (meaning first to check in). The &quot;problems&quot; he was referring to weren't errors with reservations; it was all these guys who insisted on a smoking preference (which is in low demand these days anyway and the more so given the falling occupancy rates in Vegas hotels).Again, I work front desk in a hotel, and I know you don't want to confirm exact rooms or features too far in advance. But smoking preference and bedding should always be confirmed. Smokeout books a large block of rooms at the Alexis every year, and every year, according to other attendees, requests that are confirmed in advance are not delivered at check-in. Had I not been there for Smokeout - or had I, like some of the other attendees, not received my requested smoking room, and been at the end of the hotel where the rest of the group was gathered - I would have been sorely disappointed. As it stands, I felt the effort made towards meeting even simple requests was lacking, and a group of our size - which returns yearly - certainly deserved better.	
Apr 14 2009 	Think twice....	We were attending an event at the hotel and on checking in we were advised &quot;in no uncertain terms&quot; that a smoking room was not available; although confirmed at the time of booking. As they say .... first impressions count! Other points to note:1) The hotel is in need of some renovation and the quality of the rooms are not the best; although the size of the room we received was large. 2) We found a majority of the staff to be rude and misserable. 3) Swimming pools lacking facilities and tiles missing.4) A good 20 minute walk to the &quot;strip&quot; in LV5) Issues with the in-room broadband - had to purchase cable for $5 for it to work and it is $5/p day for accessBetter hotels on the strip for the same amount of money; wouldn't stay again.	
Mar 26 2009 	Good Value	Alexis Park is not the newest or fanciest hotel in LV, but it is comfortable and clean. The staff was helpful and professional when we arrived late on a Saturday night. My travelling companions and I had separately reserved three rooms and wanted them to be in the same building as well as close to the conference meeting rooms. This is a big hotel complex, so that was important to us both for security and convenience. When the manager couldn't find us three adjacent non-smoking king rooms right next to the meeting rooms, he offered us rooms in a smoking building and had a bell man take us to them to do a &quot;sniff test&quot;. The rooms were all clean, smoke free and in the closest building. He offered to let us move the next day after the preceding conference had checked out, but after one night we were happy to stay where we were. If you want swinging night life, the Hard Rock is across the street and the strip is a short taxi ride away. Personally, I preferred the privacy and security of staying in a hotel that is not also a tourist attraction. The bar had a good happy hour and reasonable prices the rest of the time, the pool areas were pretty and the doorman easily whistled down taxis for us when we wanted to go out. I left a note for the maid asking for extra decaf coffee, she left enough for a week; when one of my companions had trouble with her shower, maintenance was there in minutes. The hair salon and &quot;spa&quot; are tiny, and certainly not spa-like, but the massage and pedicure we had were excellent. All the rooms at Alexis Park are suites and a great value for LV.	
Jan 13 2009 	Not Vegas	I was duped into staying at Alexis Park when I booked my travel through Summer Bay resorts. I stayed for $15.00, and basically got my monies worth. The room was sub par, and we had to walk 7 minutes to get there with our bags. The heat and A/C didn't work when we got to the room and by the time we left two days later (to go to the Bellagio) it still wasn't working.This might work for a family who is trying to save some money, but that is about it. It is not on the strip, but it is close. If you don't have a car, prepare to cab it. The Hard Rock is right next door if you are looking for something to do at night, because Alex Park is pretty much like a retirement home.	
Jan 2 2009 	Poor Value	We checked in on Boxing Day 2008 with reservations for 6 nights. We only stayed the first night and moved on. The location is far from the Strip with no shuttle service back and forth like other resorts of the same price range. The hotel is in badly need of repair and maintenance: of 3 lights in our suite, only 1 worked when we arrived (1 had no bulb and 1 had a broken switch). We wondered when the room had last been occupied. Over the first hour we had 3 different people working on various aspects of the room from heat to lights to the TV...just the basics to make it comfortable for the first night. When we phoned the front desk we could not get a reply.The most helpful person was a young security person who tried to help with anything he could.We moved to another hotel for the same price for the remaining 5 nights. It was a quick walk to the Strip; it had a shuttle service every 15 minutes; it was much closer to the action; and it had much more to offer than the Alexis.	
Dec 31 2008	Need to improve staying experience	When you weigh the pros and cons of this resort/hotel it is skewed more in favor of cons than pros. Here are some pros,1.Rooms are sufficient for a family of 4 to stay with a kitchen and retractable sofa cum bed2. Rooms are clean and spaciousHere are the cons,1. A mile from the strip and pricey for that location. You will get a better place near the strip for the same price2. The place is really old &amp; beaten down and does boost your spirits3. There is no attached Casino. That means you will have to travel to the strip and they don't even have a shuttle to drop you there. So what is the USP of staying in this resort after coming to Vegas4. There is a kitchen but no utensils !5. The AAA falsely advertises that this place provides free complimentary breakfast6. Lastly since it is close to the Airport you can hear the noise of the flights passing by all night !	
Nov 23 2008 	Meh...	I stayed here recently for a conference, and while I can't complain about the conference rate ($80!), the hotel did leave something to be desired. Our room was clean enough (aside from crumbs on the couch cushions), but shabby, which is the same way I would describe the rest of the hotel. Not offensively dirty or ugly, but not great. My biggest complaint is that there was no free wireless, which I found pretty surprising for a conference hotel. The conference facilities were fine, but strange to navigate, as a previous reviewer mentioned; there was no central location from which to access the conference area...it was kind of maze-like.I will say, though, that aside from an issue at check in, the staff was very kind and professional.So, in short, stay here if you must (conferences, etc.), but if you're in Vegas for vacation/fun, I would definitely avoid the Alexis Park.	
Nov 10 2008 	Not much interested in customer service or convenience	We were there for a conference at the hotel. The conference rate was reasonable, but while our room was large, it was barren and empty feeling. While there were two floors, the bedroom upstairs had no tables or drawers to put clothing in. There was one luggage rack (and not much room for another), so one of us had to keep our suitcase on the floor. And no guide to the TV stations, no hotel booklet with nearby restaurants, maps, etc. One night, I had a question and called the hotel front desk, using the button marked &quot;hotel front desk.&quot; I kept getting the busy signal and eventually had to walk out to the reception area. The manager told me that there's been some software problem with the phone and they will eventually fix it. So don't bother calling the front desk. Also, someone who previously occupied our room apparently wore a sequined outfit as there were sequins all over the place, including between tiles in the bathroom. Oh yes, the shower has NO shelf for soap and shampoo. Apparently, they expect people to put that on the floor too. I hope no one slips in the process.We stayed on for a day after most of the conference goers left, though there were other guests who were at the hotel. When we entered the breakfast room, a group of about 15-20 men came in before us, obviously hoping to hurry through breakfast. But the management had decided that morning (without telling guests) that there weren't enough people, so they did not open the buffet. So, don't count on the buffet either! The one waitress there was incredibly harried. On a previous morning, a second waitress came to our table to ask about coffee or tea, and we told her that the other waitress had taken our order. She replied that the other one often forgot requests but that she'd see to our request for toast. She did, and the other waitress never appeared near our table to see if we had gotten coffee. Oh yes, on the buffet, there are sweet rolls, but if you want toast, you have to ask a waitress for it. Some people didn't realize toast was an option. (No way anyone would know that it's necessary to ask the waitress.)Getting around the conference rooms is a nightmare of logistics as they don't all connect and require people to leave one section, go through the lobby, out onto the sidewalk surrounding the hotel, and then enter the other group of conference rooms (also barren, but freezing as someone had set the thermostats to 62!). The thermostat in our room had a mind of its own and disregarded whatever we set it to. Sometimes it was too hot, and other times, we froze (same with the water coming out of the faucets). Food was OK, but overpriced, and the prices at the bar were beyond unreasonable. Also, there's some second restaurant tucked way in the back somewhere, but most people don't know about it or see any signs to it. I wonder if anyone ever went there. Really strange place run by a staff oblivious of the need for customer service or comfort.I could go on and on, but in short, this hotel has problems, is in need of some refurbishing (sidewalk paint peeling, etc.) And if you get a room waaaay in one of the back buildings, pack a lunch as it's a long walk, a very long walk, to the front of the hotel and the street. Oh yes, despite the very large conference with hundreds of guests staying at the hotel, the pool was never open. The &quot;closed&quot; sign was up the entire time we were there. But people could sit in chairs around the pool. Despite the heat, don't count on swimming in the pool. Look elsewhere for a hotel. There are far better places than this.	
Oct 31 2008 	Horrible as a conference faciility; ok otherwise I guess	First, the good aspects of the hotel:The grounds are pretty, with 3 pools and nice landscaping. The airport noise is alot less than one would expect -- in fact, the hotel was very quiet. The breakfast buffet isn't cheap, but it was varied and good. The rooms are very spacious -- I think it may be an all-suite hotel-- and ours has a refrigerator, sink, microwave., counter with two stools No dishes or flatware, though, which is a bit odd. Plastic cups for water and coffee. We have a big living room area with a desk and tv armoire.The bathroom is large and clean, and they provide Bath and Body soaps, lotions, and shampoos. The bedroom is comfortable and has a flat screen tv. Regarding the tv situation: IWhat is the point of a plasma tv when you only offer 8 channels? And here's the most primitive, outrageous thing I've seen in a long time: In order to get movies on your tv, you have to ACTUALLY CALL A MAN TO COME CHANGE THE CONNECTION SO YOU CAN WATCH MOVIES. Then, if you want to watch tv again, you have to call the man to come change it back! Why not set one up for movies and the other for tv? Good idea, except the living room tv doesn't get movies. I have stayed at Super 8s with far better entertainment choices. The internet is also pre-historic. We are here on business, for a conference, and we need internet. THEY DO NOT HAVE WI-FI AT THIS HOTEL. BRING A CORD or you will be charged $5 a day to rent one. You have to pay $5 a day to plug into their internet, and be prepared to move furniture in order to access the plug. You cannot use internet in the bedroom. There IS internet in the lobby, if you are willing to pay $5 for 10 MINUTES! The business center is a joke! A tiny, dark facility off in a dark corner where they also showcase their place settings for catering. It costs $1 a page to print in black and white. The conference rooms are some of the worst I've ever seen. Way too cramped chair placement, overcrowded rooms, some damp and stinking of mildew, no staff to help with computer/projector set up (and you have to provide your own projectors), no pads or pens available. Several rooms are accessed from the outside and they were so hot -- the air conditioner was broken and it was 86 degrees outside -- I thought I would pass out. The door to another of these rooms was broken, so people had to knock to be let in. In the middle of a presenter's talk, the workman came to fix the door, opening it wide to the light and traffic noise outside, seemingly oblivious to the fact that 40 people inside were trying to listen to a speaker! The speaker had to ask him to come back later! Other breakout rooms are in a corridor with a huge garage door where they deliver supplies. At the luncheon, the tables were so crowded you couldn't get to your seat. The food, however, was very good. Except the pies. They didn't bother to plate the pies, leaving them uncut, with the result that they were soon mangled. And they did not provide enough for the group. They served soup, but gave us only knives and forks, no spoons. I had to stir my tea with my knife and eat soup with a fork. We ordered room service in our room one night. The menu says &quot;ask about our daily specials.&quot; I did. The person who answered didn't know about them. Call back in 5 minutes, he said. I did. &quot;We don't have any specials,&quot; he said. My order of fries did not arrive, and my drink order was incorrect. They provided no ice and no glasses for the sodas. My key card stopped working. They would not give me a replacement because my last name is different than my spouse's, who happened to reserve the room. I had to wait until he was out of a meeting to get back into my room. I think the only people who would enjoy this hotel are families who would want to be away from the noise and crowds of the strip and could use the microwave and frig (provided they brought their own utensils.) Definitely do not choose this place if you are in charge of choosing a location for a conference.	
Oct 18 2008 	like your own apartment in Vegas!	When I arrived in Vegas, I had been apprehansive due to mixed reviews of this place! Was happy to see it had plenty free parking for my rental car- was close enough to play and basically feel like I was living at the Hard Rock Casino- yet- no problem with neighboring airplane landings. I stayed three nights- each- needing no maid serivce until I left-Had a fridge with freezer- full of hotel-provided ice from machines by he pools-clean glassware- and running water from the sinks- I used my old water bottles to refill and reuse because you need water in Vegas- no matter what time of year!Bought what I needed from nearby Walgreen's - full of local college kids on the weekends- had place to put leftover meals from Casino restaurant- once you play 100 points, you got $50. meal voucher- and good Italian food at Hard Rock for new sign up members!ALL hotel personnel were professional! Air conditioning was fine- bed was comfy. water hot and pressured in shower. Shampoos left complimentary.If one irritation and I can do without TELEVISION- only a few channels available- big deal- Did you come to Vegas to watch TV? Didn't think so...Pools clean- pool decks no so clean- not a problem if they came along and pressure -washed it- again, living in an apartment complex, you would find very similar issues- and for what I paid- (about 80 a night) I think this was a great deal- families happy here- older folks- and singles- I was alone and felt perfectly safe- I just tell people I had my own apartment in vegas- they are very jealous- This is NOT your four star resort hotel like Bellagio- This is your two story motel-like but clean and safe housing while playing in other people's casinos or visiting the University (two blocks away!)	
Oct 11 2008	Great hotel	I stayed in this hotel for two nights as part of a Trek America tour, and as they get a massive discount, I can't take price into consideration in relation to the actual experience.However, my stay was extremely enjoyable. After having been camping in tents for over two weeks, it was a great relief to actually have beds, but I wasn't expecting a full suite with a double bed each, a living room area and a bathroom with a hot tub!There are three outdoor swimming pools, which I unfortunately never had time to dip in, and a good souvenir store, as well as restaurants which I also never had time to eat in.The only problem with the hotel is it's too far to walk from the Strip (especially at night), so you're pretty much forced to get a taxi. However, that's not really much, you can get one for around 10-12 dollars.Overall, I was very satisfied with the accommodation, I'd definitely recommend it to anyone.	
Sep 26 2008 	Bad Management and "Tone at the top"	The manager, David Towill, was NOT helpful when we found our room door open upon check in. We refused to stay in the room for obvious reasons – someone may have a duplicate key to the room, animals, and bugs. Despite having a suite available, he claimed nothing but non smoking and a room smaller than what we reserved and paid for, were available for us to stay in. We had to sleep in a smaller room because, as David put it, it was “our problem” that we didn’t want to stay in a smoking room. As we discussed our situation with David, another employee laughed to herself from a few feet away. When we finally got a room (though smaller) the room didn’t have a lock on the door. After hours of figuring out our room situation we had to wait another 45 minutes for someone to come by and put a lock on our door. Terrible service. Rude employees. That rooms aren’t worth the prices. I would consider this a MOTEL not a resort. (they add a massage chair to the location and it turns from motel to resort and spa! How clever!) Would never stay again. Would never go anywhere where David is managing.	
Aug 25 2008 	Always want to stay here.	We stayed here because a friend recommended it. I was very pleased with our accommodations. Don't be fooled by the outside. The rooms are immaculate! Non-smoking means non-smoking! Our room was large and airy with two large screen TVs. The bed was very comfortable. This is the best of both worlds: convenient to the strip for entertainment, and a quiet place to rest.	
Aug 17 2008 	Amazingly surprised!!	I was so surprised to have such a great experience at Alexis Park after all the bad reviews I read on the internet. We had a free stay because of a time share we own, so worst case we didn't pay for it. Driving up I was trying not to jusge a book by its bad faux paint job. It was just after 1pm and we decided let's see if we can check in early. We get to the desk the lady said we could she just needed to check what she had open, I asked long as it was non smoking I didn't care if it was a king or 2 queens. She found us a non smoking king that was ready to check in. I said great we'll take it she asked if we were driving as it was 109 and at the back of the property we had a car so it wasn't a big deal, she offered bell service and ride but again we didn't need it. We drove around back and found buliding 24 and went to our room which was the first in the hallway very nice touch as it was very hot. We put the key in the door I was waiting for the smell of ciagrettes. We opened our door to a 600 sq ft suite. Kitchentte, granite counters, large living room. In the bath a large jacuzzi tub, and the bath body works products someone mentioned, coconut and lime I was hopinh for a scent I would use. The bedroom was equally large as the living room complete with a flat screen and a fireplace. The bed was comfy and a nice fluffy pillow was hiding in the closet with a large blanket we had no need for. We did not try the restaurants so I can not offer a review there but I must say we had a great experience this weekend and would pay to go back. Now I must add the clerk did upgrade our room without us asking!!!!!	
Aug 5 2008	Good experience	Stayed here for 2 nights as part of a Trek America tour. Hotel roon was great after so many nights in a tent! Large, airy, light rooms with nice bathrooms. Resort has 3 swimming pools - fab because it was so hot in vegas!! A little far from the strip but eaily walkable and taxi back was like 12 dollars.	
Jul 25 2008 	Quiet clean relaxing and friendly...most pleasant stay at the Alexis	Our entire experience was easy and pleasant. We loved staying in a &quot;family&quot; oriented, non-gambling, resort, which was quiet and clean, and yet close to the shows and action on the Strip.All staff: front desk, restaurant, valet, housekeeping ,was at the ready and happy to help. Our room had everything we needed. (Kitchen, living area, bedroom with a fireplace, even! and a nice sized bathroom.)The air conditioning was PERFECT and QUIET.Loved the pools with full-time lifeguards.We'll stay at Alexis Park again for sure.	
Jul 18 2008 	At least we got a room this time....	so originally we booked this hotel at 7pm on a Friday on priceline and flew up to Vegas. Tried to check into the room that same day it was booked and they were oversold. Not a problem.....but it took 2 hours for them to find room for us and the 5 other people in the lobby. Did I mention it was 2:30 AM. So the manager finally showed up close to 5 and finally got a room at Terrible's (great name for a hotel). We were refunded by priceline and got a free night from Alexis park. A few months later we decided to try it again. We checked and drove to the room (yes drove it's that big) got there and it was like we went back to 1981, and the a/c was broken. They did give us a new room. It was updated and actually not 2 bad inside. The hotel overall is quite dated and needs much improvement. I don't recommend unless your looking for problems. It is better then Terrible's though!	
Jun 29 2008	Cell Block Sweet Cell Block	My son attended a dance convention at the Alexis Park “Resort” in June 2008. We arrived on 21st and departed on the 27th. Having read the reviews, we would never have chosen this hotel, except for the fact that the convention was being held there. Our rate was $99/night.We arrived at around 6:00 pm, after an 800-mile drive from the Denver area. We were a bit surprised that there was no registration parking set aside; we eventually parked in an unreserved parking spot in the northeast corner of the property.The lobby was OK, nothing special, but about what you’d expect, given the room rate. The line wasn’t particularly long, but the four people working the front desk took quite a while over each check-in. Perhaps this was because they had to explain to each party that they didn’t have the room types that the guests had requested; I know that, of our group (maybe 20 rooms?), very few got the double-doubles they’d reserved, directly through the hotel, months before. The lack of a double-double was not so much an inconvenience for us – the couch was a pull-out – but one party in our group had requested a double-double and ended up with two adults, five children and a dog, all sharing a room that had just a queen bed and a pull-out sofa!As we checked in, we sought to make sure that the microwave we’d requested would be in the room. The guy at the desk said that we could look and see if there happened to be one in there, but if not, then we would probably not get one – they were all out. I pointed out that we’d requested both the double-double and the microwave months ahead. He wasn’t even apologetic; he just said “so did everyone else.” Gee, if they knew they had more requests than microwaves, why didn’t they buy a few more? They had months to deal with that little detail, and I’m sure this wasn’t the first time this had come up.The hotel rooms are arranged in two long rows of buildings, with odd-numbered buildings on the east side and even-numbered ones on the west. The lower-numbered buildings are closest to the main building, which houses the lobby, restaurant and small conference center. The architecture is not exactly inspiring. The outward appearance is a bit weird - there is a strange faux finish on the buildings - and the buildings are crammed together pretty tightly. We were put in cell-block – er, building, 25, which was the second-to-farthest from the main building. We were always able to park quite close to our building; I think that there tended to be fewer spots for the rooms closer to the front, as people using the conference facilities would tend to take up those spots. The down-side was that we made the 5-minute trek back and forth to the conference center many times a day, usually in 110-degree heat.Anyway, when we got into the room itself, it wasn’t bad. True, the furniture was a bit worn – there was a nice split in one of our sofa cushions, for instance – but the little wet-bar was nice, and the apartment-sized fridge was very handy. The coffee maker was the kind that uses a disposable basket and coffee-bag, and brews a single cup. The room was quite clean. I did call housekeeping a couple of times, once to ask for a microwave (we were put on a waiting list, which we never cleared, despite being there for six days), and once to ask for decaf (a nice man arrived very promptly, with a ton of caffeinated coffee, which I didn’t need; he returned shortly thereafter with the decaf I’d requested). The maid was nice, and tended to turn up fairly early in the day. The Bath &amp; Body Works stuff in the bathroom was Coconut &amp; Lime Verbena, and Warm Vanilla Sugar, which happened to be two of the few B&amp;BW scents I’m not allergic to – a nice surprise.If I’d cared, I would have called maintenance to address the fact that the TV quit working (unless it really was snowing everywhere at once), and that the wet-bar faucets were hooked up backwards (cold on the left, hot on the right – I got burned by that a few times). But I figured, we were renting, not buying, and it just wasn’t worth it to call and deal with the maintenance folks.I looked over the room service menu, but did not order from it. I must say that the prices looked pretty reasonable, for room service prices. But we tended to bring in groceries, or get food from Jack In The Box (a chain we don’t have near home). That microwave would have made quite a difference, I can tell you; we got a little tired of sandwiches.We didn’t attempt to walk to the strip; it was way too hot to walk the mile or so. The walk would have been all right, had it been 30 degrees cooler.As to the pools, they looked OK, and the kids enjoyed them, but they weren’t huge or spectacular. The one closest to the lobby had a lifeguard, but the lifeguards weren’t anything to brag about. One wasn’t paying any attention to the kids – not a glance – but seemed more intent on gathering up used towels from the chairs around the pool. The other (at another time) was downright cranky.One member of our group got herself moved to a double/double (or maybe a double/queen) and we took a look around that room; it was a much better arrangement, with the two beds in a bedroom that was separate from the rest of the place – like a little apartment. Even the bathroom was better; it had a Jacuzzi tub. The room rate was the same $99/night. If the hotel had given us all the double/double accommodations we’d requested, we would have all been more comfortable.I would have been much happier with this place if they’d been up-front about the probability of getting a double-double, and getting a microwave. When I made the reservation, they sounded like it was all no problem. I hate being misled.My son and I will be back in Vegas in July for another convention. Before the June trip, I’d made a reservation at the Alexis Park for that July trip as well, but having stayed at the Alexis Park once, I’ve canceled the second reservation. We’ll be at the Desert Rose. It gets great reviews on Tripadvisor, it’s closer to the strip (right near the MGM), and it’s even cheaper (we’ll pay under $700 for 8 nights). One family from our group stayed there this time, and they loved it. We drove over and checked it out; it’s a beautiful property.	
Jun 24 2008 	Love the Place	Far from cheap, the hotel offers many amenities and services that an expensive hotel would offer and half the cost. The rooms are spacious, clean and very comfortable. The pool is huge and the island sprinkler in the center of the pool refreshes any visitor. I especially loved the convenience of parking your car right in front of your room door and the proximity to the Las Vegas strip... you can practically walk to the strip or cross the street to enjoy the Hard Rock hotel. It was sincerely perfect.	
Jun 19 2008 	Two different hotels under one roof?	So odd to read good reviews - I wonder if you pay full price if you are put in the nice part, as it looked like part had been remodeled, and part seriously hadn't. We were in the crummy part.We should have known there would be problems when, while waiting to check in, we heard the man in front of us ask for a different room, for the THIRD time. Like him, we were there on a hotel/airfare/car deal so couldn't really change hotels.We had asked for a front room as we're both disabled, room was WA-A-AY in the back. Cracked windows, broken air conditioning, dirty spa, low temp hot tub, staff that doesn't care, took 45 min for front desk to answer, we moved 3 times as well. Yuck. Strange and unpleasant.	
Jun 19 2008 	Will Never Go There Again	We was taking family to airport to go back home and we booked three rooms, and was promised at reservation time the rooms would all be together...When we checked in they were not, one was upstairs, the other two was on opposite ends of building....We asked to speak to manager, and he said they could not guarantee it and the person should'nt have told us that....We expressed to him our disappointment and he said there was nothing he could about it....So after all that, when we opened the door to our room, it had not been cleaned.....we waited another hour before we could get into it.....the maid was more apolegetic than the manager..Manager offered no solutions.....Very inflexable!	
May 11 2008	Hotel nice but conference area smelled bad	I attended a small business meeting at this hotel and stayed two nights. As a hotel it was nice but as a meeting place it had a problem. The hallways of the conference room area smelled bad, as did the mens room. Several times a day a guy walked around and sprayed something like Febreze on the carpets in the hallways! Possibly a plumbing problem? Not acceptable. This was in May 2008. Hopefully they fix it soon.	
May 7 2008 	Alexis Park Resort - So So	If I'd actually paid for this room, I'd be really upset. Everything from the room to the food was beyond horrible, and overpriced. I chose this hotel based on the word resort, the rooms were large and spacious, but that was about it. We also had a fireplace in our room which was great considering the heater/air conditioner unit was soo hard to operate.	
Apr 30 2008 	Average Stay	We stayed at the Alexis Park Resort the last week of April for a family member's wedding in Henderson. We wanted to stay off the strip so we could get in and out of our hotel easily, but close enough where we wouldn't feel too far away from the action.Our check-in went very smooth. After all of the previous reviews discussing overbooking and unfriendly staff I was little worried. But, those worries were unfounded. The front desk staff was very polite and helpful. We arrived at the hotel at about 3:00pm and checked in without any issues. We were assigned a Monarch Suite in Building 26 at the very back of the complex.The location of the room was a little annoying since it was in the very back of the complex. The good thing about being in the very back was this block of rooms was very quiet. It seemed like most of the rooms toward the front of the hotel always had activity around them at all hours of the night where as our rooms were very quiet. While there is plenty of air traffic over the hotel from the airport, it never bothered us.There was security patrolling the complex on bike at all hours of the day and night. We felt very safe at this hotel.The room itself was a little bigger than a standard hotel room. The resort is billed as an &quot;all suite&quot; resort. I wouldn't call our room a suite by any means, but it was slightly larger than a standard room that would find at any strip hotel. We enjoyed the small kitchen area with the built-in fridge. It was nice to get some soft drinks at a local store and always have something cold waiting on us upon our return.The maid service was good, but because we were in the back it seemed like they didn't clean our hotel room until very late in the day. Sometimes we would come back to the room at 5:00pm to find that it hadn't been cleaned yet. It didn't impact us very much, but it was annoying on one occasion when we didn't have clean towels coming back from a long day on the strip.The only true complaint we had was the toilet. The first two days we has constant problems with it. We called a couple times the first day to have the front desk send someone to take a look at it. After the 3rd call the front desk finally sent someone to fix it. We had to drive tot he front of the complex to use the lobby bathroom a couple of times while we waited on someone to fix it. The morning of the 2nd day we thought it had been fixed only to find that it was still having problems. To make a long story short...it was finally fixed at the end of the 2nd day. After that we never had an issue with it. This wouldn't keep me from staying there again, but it was definitely annoying not having a working toilet for the 36 + hours of your vacation. The room had two air conditioners and we never had a problem keeping it comfortable as far as temperature. The grounds were beautiful and very well maintained. There are three pools and they all looked like they were kept in great condition.The bathroom amenities were very nice also. The hotel provided bathroom &quot;bottles&quot; were all from Bath and BodyWorks including shampoo, conditioner, and lotion. There was also AXE bodywash for men. These were replaced daily. The hotel also included a small &quot;Vegas Survival Pack&quot; that included some stomach seltzer tablets, over the counter PM painkillers, toothpaste, and floss.Overall, this hotel would be great if it was in any other city. But, when comparing it to other Vegas hotels (Off-Strip, Non-gaming hotels...not comparing to the strip mega hotels) it was just average. If we were to stay off the strip at another non-gaming hotel we would try something else. The hotel really gears itself more towards the business traveler attending a convention than a tourist on vacation.	
Apr 29 2008 	remote and too close to airport	standard hotel, too far away from the strip and too close to the airport. Sometimes planes land by passing over the hotel.Rooms were clean and big. Stuff was helpful. Internet costs $5 a day and they have no wifi - you need a cable.	
Apr 18 2008	Great place to stay	Stayed at the Alexis Park for 2 nights with a group from Trek America tours and thought it was great. We got a really good rate and found the rooms to be quiet, comfortable and clean and not far from the strip. Staff were very helpful and pools etc were clean and welcoming.	
Apr 3 2008 	A great place to stay	We enjoyed our stay here. The restraunt and bar was awesome great food and drinks too! The staff was very friendly and even helped me look up a bakery close by. Our room was nice and clean, yes the furniture was a bit dated but the bath and body supplies in the bathroom were very nice addition.It was right accross the st. from the Hardrock so that was nice too. A ways from the strip, but it is nice to get off the strip and relax!	
Apr 2 2008	A tranquil little oasis	I stayed here for two nights and thought it was fabulous. Much better than staying at one of the soulless big hotels. This place isn’t the most fancy or modern but it’s got character and a laid back style of its own. I loved the fact the rooms were suites so my friend and I could chill out in front of the TV as if it were a normal living area and the fridge was very handy for all the booze (hey it is Vegas!) and food etc. What really struck me was how lovely and quiet the grounds of the hotels are, it really did feel like a calm little oasis away from the hustle and bustle of the strip. It is a little distance from the strip but if you are reasonable fitness you will not find it too much effort. We walked half the time and got taxis the rest. My room was very clean and the staff very pleasant. I went to the restaurant for Lunch and the food is really good.	
Mar 28 2008 	Will Never Recommend or Return	My husband and I booked our trip via a time share company, who had us stay at Alexis Park Resort. We stayed at the resort from March 20-23.I was thinking the resort was going to be on the Las Vegas Strip. I also thought the resort would be updated and nice....was I wrong. I was displeased about the &quot;resort&quot; as soon as my husband and I drove up to check in. The resort looked like a cheap hotel or apartment building. We were greeted with a friendly hello when we arrived. However, our room was not ready upon arrival. We had to wait in the &quot;bar/lounge&quot; for an hour. The &quot;bar&quot; was old and empty. As soon as our room was ready, we unpacked a bit and got right out. The room seemed like it was nice 10 years ago, but was now just an old suite. The room had a small kitchen, good size living room, bedroom and bathroom. The water presure in the shower was horrible. I couldn't wait to return home for a good shower! The restaurant at the resort was alright, but not worth it. Better off eating somewhere on the strip. The only plus about staying at Alexis Park Resort was the closeness to the Hard Rock Hotel. And would be good for business people or families not wanting to stay at a casino/hotel.	
Mar 24 2008 	Fabulous Stay	My Husband and I stayed at Alexis Park Resort for our 5th Anniversary. It was wonderful. The staff were very courteous, and welcomed us very warmly. They made us feel like we were at home. They had remembered that it was our anniversary from when my husband told the reservations agent. That made everything special. The rooms were wonderful, very cozy, clean, and neat. We didn't watch much TV, but it was very nice accomodations. There was a jacuzzi in our unit, and for a great price as well. I very strongly recommend this resort to anyone who wants to be away from the strip at night, but close enough to the action that they can walk to play. A	
Mar 22 2008 	Great service clean and comfortable	Excellent service, friendly and accommodating. Grounds beautiful, pool areas clean. Room service food was good but only available until 11 p.m. Rooms were older, but clean, spacious and comfortable. Convenience of a kitchenette with microwave and fridge is great. Only downfall we found was the distance to the strip. We walked it back and forth at least 4 times during our stay, so you have to either have your own vehicle, not mind paying for cabs, or like to walk an aweful lot if you stay here. Airplane noise is loud at time, but did not bother us.	
Mar 17 2008 	OK but Dated	I stayed at the Alexis Park Resort from March 10-15, 2008. It is rated as 3 stars and that would be about right. My room was very large but the furniture &amp; decorations were at least 15 years past their prime. The size of the room was disproportionate to the amount of furniture and the TV. (ie could not watch TV from couch or chair due to orientation). The cabinets to the bar and washroom look like they were made as part of a woodshop project, although the granite counter tops were nice. The chair at the desk was broken and despite advising housekeeping, it was not fixed during my stay. Lighting in the bathroom was weak. The shower head was approx 5'6&quot; above the tub which made it difficult to wash hair, unless you're shorter than about 5'3&quot;. On the bright side the hotel and grounds were very well kept, there was multiple security day and night and housekeeping did a fairly good job although a bit late on a couple of days. The bed was good and firm and the rooms were clean. In terms of location, it is about a mile from the strip (about a 20 min walk) or take the Hard Rock shuttle across the street. The convention center is approx 1.5 miles or about 35 min walk. The bar in the hotel was quite nice with a projection screen and nice decor. I did not try the restaurant in the hotel but the prices seemed fairly reasonable. The 3 pools were very nice (incl towel service) but only one is heated so they would be cold on fringe seasons. Overall, The Alexis Park Hotel would be OK for families or budget conscious traveller. Modest expectations might be met. Not bad, not great.	
Jan 20 2008 	Off the Strip serves purpose big rooms	The Alexis Park is a decent 2 storey property, laid out over a big area. Location: Off Strip 1 mile from Planet HollyWood. No Casino and don't eat there (restaurant was weak) - but the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino is across the street as is a great pizza by the slice place in the strip mall across the street. Rooms: Very large, comfy bed, and a pull out, and little kitchen with sink, small fridge and microwave. Bathrooms were big, but only Stand up shower. Unfortunatley I was here in January for CES and it was cold in Vegas (in the 40's Farenheit) And the heater did not work. (I guess most of the year they don't need it). So that was the biggest diaappointment. COLD.Service: Pretty much did my own thing, Front Desk Staff was very nice, but it took a while for doorman to hail a cab - Partly because there were'nt as many cabs in the area as a major strip hotel.Other: Although the 3 outdoor pools looked nice - and I believe 1 was heated, I did not use them.	
Jan 17 2008 	New Management is Clueless!! Never Again!!!	ALEXIS RESORT HOTEL... I just got back from Las Vegas and I have to say that the Alexis Resort Hotel on Harmon Ave is the worst of any near the strip in Las Vegas... In past years things have been great but under the new management thing are at their lowest... From terrible front door service, terrible manager rectification of issues, to terrible restaurant service I cant believe what I went through... Not to mention you would figure once that a reservation would be lost but twice on my &quot;give them another chance&quot; trip! My goodness I personally gave them my credit card over the phone... Never again. By the way the management staff is rude, unfriendly and don't even ask for a understanding of their policies cause they make half of them up as they go and blame former managers. I think they are trying to clean their responsibility at the expense of those who had good times there in the past. This will be posted on other sites till they learn... Go ahead America and take your chances on this hotel and you will be sorry... Simply Garbage!!	
Jan 14 2008 	Not so bad not so hot	I try to be opened minded when I write these things. I always try to go on my vacations on a budget so i never really spend ungodly amounts of money on rooms. So, if you are looking for a 5 star hotel, this is not for you. i would say this falls into the 1-2 star range. The hotel (actually Motel setting) is off the strip and you can walk it but it may take you about 20 minutes. You can take a bus too. A cab may cost about $15 just to take you down the street.The hotel itself looks like an old apartment complex, a Motel with your door going to the outside walkway. There are multiple two story motel style buildings, in a campus formation, with two pools in the center courtyards. The pools are dated and nothing to get excited about. The water was clean and cold. But typically, the pool is probably dated from the 70's. The pool was rearly used by anyone.The hotel lounge is ok, a little dated but seems inviting enough. We had no problems with the staff on our stay.The hotel rooms are two room suites. One room is the bedroom and the other is the small bar area with a living room. the rooms are a little drab, but overall, comfortable enough. The entire suite is a little dated and some of the furniture can be replaced with something a little newer. But if this doesn't bother you, then you should be fine.At night, walking through the courtyard or parking lot is a little scary though. the courtyard is dark and needs better lights throughout. because of the off-the-strip location, the parking lot seems like it can be a place you don't want to be at night even though they may never had a problem there. our car was fine and never touched while it was left there.the one high positive is that it is across the street from the HARD ROCK CASINO and hotel. So if you want to just walk 3 minutes, you're in the doors and ready to party there. So staying at the Alexis can save you cash if you plan on spending most of your time at the Hard Rock anyways...So overall, the hotel is dated, needs a facelift. Good housekeeping. Old furniture in rooms. Not the most perfect cleanest rooms or condition. But with it being a suite, it is roomy and a lot of space for the money. The room has a door so you can close the room door from the living area too for privacy. bathroom is decent size too and not crowded. Hotel Off the strip about mile or so, so that is a negative for those who like to walk on the strip. So if you want glamour, i would say, get a hotel off the strip. This is definately a hotel for someone looking to save money and likes space. We felt safe at night although, the area is not as clean as you may want, so it can give you the perception of being less classy. Who is this place for? Someone on a budget. Someone with a car to get around. Weekend tripers. bachelor and bachelorette parties spending most of their time at Hard Rock Casino. Someone who doesn't mind staying in 2 star hotels.	
Jan 12 2008 	Distant staff	Had to change room immediately upon booking in as the AC wasn't working and the room was very hot.Staff seemed uninterested in general requests and didn't answer emailsprior to arriving. A lot of the staff didn't speak English and this had inconvenient implications.Shower door came off and room wasn't cleaned one day.Found it difficult to get a taxi and often had to wait a long time.	
Jan 4 2008	Great Stay........	Great Stay.............Staff was very helpful.Very Large Clean Rooms.Attended a meeting and the convention center was beautiful.Restaurant and Lounge very nice!3 Great Pools........Piano Player in lobby was so much fun.Just a few steps from the Hard Rock Casino Hotel &amp; The Cafe.We rented a car (very inexpensive)and getting to the strip was just a few minutes , free Valet parking at every strip property was an added bonus.Great Value/Great Price!	
Jan 3 2008	A great place away from the strip	I like this hotel a lot; it's nice having outside corridors and clusters of rooms together rather than cavernous floors and elevators. It's also nice being able to park your car within 100 feet of your room and stroll right in. But yes - a car. If you're going to book a property off strip, also book a rental car. Driving around Las Vegas is easy to do (as long as you can turn on your &quot;aggressive mode&quot;) and you'll appreciate being able to dive into the action and come back to your suite at Alexis Park. The rooms vary a fair amount, but all have a separate sitting area and wet bar including refrigerator and sink - so again, drop by local store and pick up drinks and snacks. Properties like these are great to give you a more relaxed feel than the regular hustle-and-bustle of those huge places. It's nice not having thousands of neighbors! The only reason it doesn't get five stars is that some of the rooms I've stayed in have an old feel to them and need updating - but that doesn't bother me so much that I won't stay there!	
Dec 18 2007 	Good Value for the Money	Stayed here for four days in November, 2007. Got a great internet rate, but was a bit concerned based on some of the reviews I read here.I was surprised that was actually a nice stay. Okay, it is not a &quot;resort&quot; - it's more like a suburban apartment complex. Rooms are large, clean and comfortable. We had a rental car and getting around was no problem - and it was actually nice to drive away from the strip. The parking is near the rooms and you don't have walk from a garage or through a casino to get back to yoru room.It's very close to UNLV and would be a good choice for anyone going to an event there.It's a good value for the money, We'd stay here again	
Nov 30 2007 	Great value but quite a walk to the Strip	The resort is pleasant and clean if a little bland, however we were put in a smoking room despite requesting non-smoking. I suspect the problem may have more to do with the booking website than the resort as they had no record of the request. Unfortunately all the non-smoking rooms were full. The room was sprayed which helped a little with the smell. The biggest concern is regarding the distance from the Strip. When you walk out the front of the resort, it looks to be quite close to walk, but don't be deceived by the size of the casinos in the distance. It took a solid 25 minutes to walk to the Strip past some fairly smelly roadside rubbish. It was also a little difficult to get cabs to stop at the resort. Overall, good value for the cheap price, but don't expect to be in the middle of the Vegas action.	
Nov 26 2007 	What 3-star "resort"?	I booked this hotel with Hotwire, which only tells you your getting a 3-star hotel at $54/night, which was great! Then I found after I booked it that it was the Alexis Park Resort. I thought &quot;resort&quot; WOW! There really wasn't any WOW anywhere. The front entrance is nice and the grounds where pretty. Then you go to your room, expecting a new clean room like the rest of the property and that is where your disappointment kicks in. It's not a terrible room and it was pretty clean except when my 2 year old daughter found a pistachio and tried to eat it, (we didn't have any pistachios our whole stay). The room was big, and it was nice having a microwave and refrigerator. The carpet looked clean and the beds were very comfy. The walls had been painted several times and the kitchen had an &quot;old&quot; odor to the cabinets. The cabinets in the kitchen and bathroom were very old and the jacuzzi tub was scary looking. The shower worked good if you only needed one shower a day, other than that it was hot to cold throughout the next showers. We have 3 children so we had to try and wash them with this problem, which we didn't want to freeze them but then didn't want to burn them, it was always interesting. It was away from the strip and it was simi-quite. The planes did get loud from time to time. It didn't always feel safe, there were a lot of people walking around and they didn't seem to look like guests. I won't stay here again, it's worth to spend a little more for a nicer hotel. This is not a 3 star hotel and I have notified Hotwire also. I would say a 2 star at the most.	
Nov 5 2007 	We enjoyed our stay at the Alexis Park	We just got back from a 3-night stay at the Alexis Park. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay. I had booked a mini-suite and requested a handicapped room. When we got there in mid-evening the only mini-suite they had available was on an upper floor with no elevator. When I explained that my husband could not do stairs, they upgraded us to a ground floor full suite -- at no extra charge to us. The grounds were lovely, and all personnel, except the gift shop clerk, were very courteous and helpful. We would stay there again.	
Nov 2 2007 	Chilly reception	This is the first time I've used Hotwire.com to book a room, and it will probably be the last. The Alexis has one thing going for it. It's across the street from the Hardrock! The check-in process wasn't as bad as I expected from reading some other reviews. I arrived at the &quot;motel&quot; around 9:30 AM. The signs behind the counter stated check-in at 4:00 PM. Sound right to you? Me neither. There was a short line to check-in (the SEMA show was in town), taking a little longer than I thought it should to get to the front desk. When I told the woman behind the desk that I was checking in (now about 9:50) she informed me that I was early and would have to wait until 11:00 to check-in. OK, not so bad I thought. Beats waiting until 4:00! They said they could let me have the room at that point, but it would cost another $25 to get it early. I declined, and waited the additional hour to check-in. I got back in line and arrived at the desk at 10:55 and the woman ALMOST made me wait the additional 5 minutes. This is a ridiculous policy and the Alexis should change it! Finally got to the room... nothing fancy, but I wasn't expecting the Bellagio! Everything was clean and orderly and appeared to be working. The bed was uncomfortable with a trough in the middle that I kept trying to roll out of all night. The distance from the Strip is excessive to walk and the cabs are about $7-$10 depending on traffic and how much you tip. And that's to the closest point. The one MAJOR complaint I have is that I had no hot water for showers 3 of the 4 days I was there. (read earlier review from another visitor). This, obviously, is a problem and the engineering department, obviously, hasn't been able to fix it. I don't go to Vegas to spend my time in the room. I basically use it to sleep and take showers. When the bed is bad and you have no hot water for showers, the hotel has fallen woefully short of my meager expectations. One bright spot...the restaurant has a pretty good breakfast buffet. Would I stay here again? If the Alexis comped me a room for half my stay, I might try it again. Otherwise, NO WAY!	
Nov 2 2007	Had no problems	Stayed here for a weekend in mid-October. Got this for $60 (plus tax) per night on Hotwire and was a little leery given some of the past reviews but I had no complaints. Although I did check my bank statements after leaving given the nature of some of the charges that have been put on people's cards. I didn't wait at all to check-in (perhaps cause I arrived at 9 PM), the room wasn't plush but was perfectly nice (about comparable to a Quality Inn, but not quite as nice as a Holiday Inn) but the rooms are very large- even the smaller single-story suites are large and spacious. And I doubt we even got a remodled one - I heard some of the rooms closer to the front of the property were redone a bit. The bar is quiet and pleasant, has the NFL Sunday Ticket, and has good specials everyday. Its less than a mile from the strip; if you have a car it is best but its about a $7 cab ride from Mandalay Bay. This isn't the Palms, this isn't the Mandalay Bay. But its nice enough and kind of nice being across from the Hard Rock but not having to walk through a casino to get outside. I'd stay here again.	
Oct 26 2007 	What a mixed bag....	My wife and I decided to visit Las Vegas for some R &amp; R we booked a room last minute through expedia and came across the Alexis Park the rate was unbelievable $60 a night for a loft suite after reading some of the reviews I was a little concerned at what we might get but we went anyway.. Upon arrival My forst impressions were great the Lobby was very nice and the staff seemed very helpful and polite I signed all of the paperwork at eleven at night and we were given our room key. The room was first class we were amazed! It was probably one of the nicest hotel rooms that I have ever stayed in and believe me there have been a lot! There were two floors to our Loft Suite, the bottom floor had a wet bar a living area and was the size of a large hotel room, the furniture looked brand new the TV worked good even of there was not too many channels to choose from. There was also an upstairs section where the bedroom was. The bed was large and very comfortable the bathroom was spotless and very spacious and there was a nice gas fireplace in our room and also a spa set into the stair landing, we were delighted!!!!!! Noe for the not soo nice bit! On about our second day I noticed that I had less money in my checking account than I thought I should so used the Internet service in the Lobby which was extortion personified, 50 cents a minute $5.00 minimum charge. I looked at my internet banking and could see $50.00 a day charges from Alexis Park which came as a huge surprise as the room was already paid for in advance. I talked to the lady behind the desk and she bluntly informed me that I had agreed to these charges. WHEN? I asked, what are the charges for? I was advised that the charges were a fee for damages. She explained that if I stole a lamp she would be unable to charge my card after I left so they charged $50.00 a day &quot;just in case&quot; but if there were no damages these fees would be credited back to my a/c, she also went on to tell me that I had signed something upon check in authorising them to do this. I explained to her that no one actually reads all of the paperwork they are given to sign esp not at 11 at night when they were tired and as this practise was out of the ordinary I told her that I thought that more needed to be done to make guests aware if their cards were being charged $50.00 a day! i.e a verbal notification and not some sign here initial here process.So we returned home after a nice stay and the charges were refunded no problem. BUT there is more... We ordered Breakfast in our room on one of the days which was okay and nothing special and expensive at $35.00 and paid on my wifes Credit card, when we returned home we saw that about a week later my wifes card had been charged with over $150.00 in fradulant transactions all for the Alexis park restaurant there is someone currently looking into this problem I am writing this after a week of notifying Alexis Park about these transactions and the matter is still not resolved all though I feel I must point out that after a couple of unsuccsefull calls trying to resolve this situation I have finaly found someone at Alexis Park that has taken ownership of this problem and trying to sort it out for us, she stands head and shoulders above anyone else I have dealt with at Alexis Park, and I have no doubt that with her assistance this will get resolved. Thank you Crystal! Would I stay here again Unfortunatley not!	
Oct 25 2007 	Not the best but OK I guess	I recently attended a 3 day conference in Las Vegas. I stayed at the Alexis Park for 4 nights. The lobby was fairly nice, and the front desk check-in went smoothly. When I got to my room, I took a look around and found several things about it that I didn't like.First, upon entering my room, I noticed a really bad, musty odor in it. I left the door open for the next hour, and that helped a bit.Then, there was a hole in the bathroom wall right next to the toilet. It looked just like someone had kicked it with their foot. The bathtub was old and worn quite badly, and the grout was completely seperated from where the edge of the bathtub and the wall meet, and it was dirty as well.The carpet was worn pretty badly, and it looked like it could have used a good professional cleaning. The couch and chair were old fashioned looking and had a grungy look to them. not what I would call inviting, or appealing in the least. The windows did not open, and that was a disappointment. They were also filthy. The bed, however, was fairly comfortable. The telephone did not work correctly. They had all these pre-set speed dial buttons, for front desk, room service, etc. But none of them worked. So I called the hotel operator and asked to get a wake-up call at 6 a.m. Well, I'm glad I brought my own alarm clock, because I never got my wake-up call. And the next morning, the same story. I told the manager about it later that day, and all I got was&quot;Well, I'll have to have engineering look into it for you. Sorry about that.&quot; Period. Well, the 'engineering' people never fixed the phone. It turned out that I could not receive any incoming calls at all, not even from the front desk. I mentioned this at check-out, and nothing was said. Not an apology or anything. My words were 100% ignored by them.They advertise in their in-room brochure which lists allthe 'amenities' that internet service was $5.00. They left out the fact that the $5 was if you had your own laptop. So, to get this so-called internet service, I had no choice but to either: Use the computer at the front desk for 50 cents a MINUTE, $5 minimum charge, with a $1.00 per page charge to print anything. They also had a business center, which was nice looking inside and all, but there thecomputer rates were higher, 75 cents a minute, with a $12.95 minimum charge plus, of course, $1.00 per page to print. Then the other option was to use it in the room through the television set for $12.95 for a 24 hour period, starting at noon, ending at noon the next day. I took that option.Well, my wireless keyboard dod not work, and there were several keys missing from it. Fine. Call downstairs, and someone came a half hour later and replaced it. OK, good to go? No. I fumbled around with it, and finally got to the screen where you agree to pay the fee, yada, yada, and then I was connected. But the service, due to 'security reasons' would not allow any pages which had things such as activex, java, and so on. In short, I really could not do anything on it. I could not check my email, and I could not use some message boards that I frequently browse. It was essentially useless. $12.95 wasted.My room key did not work in the pool area, and after all the frustration, I didn't even bother dealing with anyone about it. I just wrote it off as one more thing gone wrong.\I can credit them with allowing me to stay past the 11 a.m. checkout,until 1 p.m. That was the only nice thing they did the whole time, though.Oh, and the strip? I would guess, at least 1 mile away, possibly further. I walked there on Friday night, and it took quite a while to do that. I didn't take a taxi because they are so expensive at $3.20 for the first 1/11 of a mile, and .20 cents per 1/11 of a mile after that. I don't quite understand the 1/11 of a mile stuff, since all the odometers that I have ever seen are marked by the tenth of a mile, not by an eleventh of a mile. Whatever. Would I stay there again? HECK NO. But the weather was nice....	
Oct 23 2007 	Never Again!	I went to vegas for a weekend workshop. Since the workshop was being held at Alexis Park my friend and I figured we should stay there as well. The rooms and the grounds were not fancy by any means, for $119.00/night you get what you pay for! Just our luck we would go to Las Vegas and it has a cold spell.....well, the air conditioners work great! But we didn't need them.There was barely any hot water when we went to take a shower, and when we informed the front desk they just said something about a pilot light that might be out so that was 3 days of tepid-cold showers.I think we got a total of 5 stations to chose from on the television, but the worst part is they screwed up by billing my Credit card incorrectly and now I'm trying to get it straightened out via telephone.If you can find somewhere else to stay, I would recomend you do it....if you decide to stay at the Alexis Park....don't have high expectations!	
Oct 21 2007	A Classless Establishment	We booked on Hotwire looking for a 3 star hotel and got Alexis Park. Alexis park is not 3 star. While the lobby looks nice, the rooms are dated and rundown. However, nothing was in disrepair. My wife, who is pregnant with twins, wasn't feeling well the morning before our 2pm flight our of Las Vegas so I asked if our checkout could be pushed back by 1hr from 11am to 12noon. They refused. I told them we'd be very grateful if she could just rest for a little longer before we travel and that I can't imagine that they will be turning over all rooms between 11 and 12......thereby suggesting that they could simply clean our room last. They refused. Thinking that they often get made up requests by guests that want to extend their stay, I invited them to view our travel itinerary and inspect my wife's belly so they'll know that I'm not lying. They refused. Like I said, a classless establishment.	
Oct 19 2007 	Okay property - problem people	We stayed for two nights. There's no casino on the property, which was okay with us. We had a very nice unit, clean and comfortable. The grounds were attractive. We didn't use the pools, but they were open and clean. It's a ways from the strip, but close to the Hard Rock. Take their shuttle to the strip or if you have a car, just drive up to Planet Hollywood and park there. Or if you really want your exercise, you can walk. Just remember that everything in Vegas seems closer than it really is!The only problem we ran into was the circuit board on the door to our room that reads the key card was on the fritz, so at 1:00 in the morning we had to wait for maintenance to let us in our room. Then they apparently forgot to report it, so the next day it happened twice more. We ended up talking to a manager who obviously thought we were too stupid to open the door, and insisted on coming and checking it himself. Well, of course it wouldn't open. They finally got it fixed the second evening we were there (we left the next morning.) We spent about two hours of our two day stay screwing around with this issue.They did give us a free breakfast buffet (okay, but not worth the price if you're paying for it) to make up for the problem with the key, but there's a definite lack of communication and follow-through with the staff. If they'd fixed the problem when it first happened, I'd rate the place much higher.	
Oct 17 2007 	You get what you pay for	Our stay was for 3 nights. We had a room in the 20 building, smoking, 2 double beds. We got this hotel for free so we were satisfied. I don't know if I would be satisfied if I had to pay. There were 3 pools, which were ice cold and since the hotel is so close to the airport you would be interrupted by planes taking off every 3-5 minutes. Another thing was that at the pool most of the lounge chairs were ripped and it made them very uncomfortable. Also we were told there was a shuttle to the strip however once we arrived there was no such thing. Staff were helpful, did not use maid service. Another note, there are not safes in the room, if you need one you have to use one from the front desk and they give you a key. Would I stay here again, probably not due to the above issues, but like I said it was free so I am not complaining.	
Oct 6 2007	great hotel	Only stopped here for one night as I was doing a tour from LA to San Francisco (via Vegas and the Grand Canyon !).As we were part of a tour group we got an excellent price. The lobby was really nice and helpful staff. There were three pools and jacuzzis.Pictures attached of our room, it included a kitchen area with microwave and fridge.The beds were really comfy and the room was really clean.$7 taxi ride from the hotel to the strip.Would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 3 2007 	Good suite property	It's not the Bellagio, but the suites are very large, tastefully decorated, and comfortable.The room has a small fridge and wet bar, two TV's (one in the bedroom and one in the living room, a couch, coffee table, and love seat. There is a desk with a high speed internet connection.Rooms were clean and looked to have been recently refurbished. This property is at least 25 years old, but they've kept it in good shape.The restaurant is good, but a bit expensive for what it is.If you have a car, you can park fairly close to the room. If not, cabs are out front frequently. The proximity to the Hard Rock helps.The TVs got horrible reception (even the ones in the lobby had problems with some channels).If you want a nice quiet place to relax and don't care about the lack of a casino, this is worth a look, and the room rates are a good value for what you get. This would be a good hotel for business travel.	
Sep 26 2007 	Not a 3-star hotel Rude desk people	First, this is NOT a 3-star hotel as Priceline suggests, it's only marginally better than the $50 per night dives. Second, the rooms aren't so clean and most stink very badly from cigarettes. Finally, some evening front desk staff are extremely rude and will stand behind the counter (or sit in the office) avoiding eye contact with the folks standing in line waiting for service. Worse, when I complained about being ignored, instead of apologizing or offering any kind words, the manager actually suggested that I was ignored because I was not &quot;standing in the line&quot;, (I was).Disgraceful!	
Sep 10 2007 	Great property	One of the best stays I have had in Vegas, and the cheapest! This resort was clean, the rooms were large, we stayed for two evenings and can't complain about a thing. Our room was $90/night while friends right across the street at the Hard Rock were paying almost $300. Great location and great property - would definately recommend staying here and would do so again.	
Sep 5 2007 	Warning: long lines and overbooking	When we arrived, the line to check in literally began at the door and snaked all the way around the lobby. We waited for an hour and a half, and then were told that they had no queen non-smoking suites, and in fact had no queen suites at all. It is true that you cannot reserve smoking/non-smoking.....but we had reserved a queen suite and they had none. The woman at the desk (the employees were all nice--none of this was their fault and they were dealing with many upset customers) offered us a non-smoking double, or a king &quot;upgrade&quot;--a &quot;partition&quot; between the sleeping area and the TV/sofa, but it was a smoking room. We debated which to choose, and decided on the king. Lo and behold, it suddenly was not available anymore. And then, about a minute later, a queen nonsmoking parlor suite--what we booked--was available. The clerk also mentioned that there was a king nonsmoking suite, but it wasn't &quot;ready&quot; yet--this was at 5:30. Checkout is at 11; checkin is at 4.We liked our room--we don't ask for anything fancy. The bed was great; the TV channels were limited but if you like sports you'll be happy to know there were 6 or 7 channel options. After fiddling with the TV; the reception was fine.Furniture had a few scratches, but we didn't care--it worked just fine. Shower didn't have the greatest water pressure--it's similar to what we usually get in southern Mexico. The room was very quiet. We never heard a single airplane. When we were leaving, I heard two staff members saying that, for the coming night (a Tuesday), they were overbooked by 161 rooms.So, really, the hotel was fine. Spacious room, nice staff, etc......but I have never waited in an airport line as long as we waited to check in. Take your chances--the room you paid for may or may not be available; a room at all may or may not be available. For us, it's not worth it. This was our first trip to Vegas; next time we'll stay at a different hotel off the strip.	
Aug 24 2007	Great property!	I stayed at this resort while guiding a tour for a group of 20-30 year olds from other countries. I've stayed at many properties in Vegas and this is a great value. Exterior corridors, plenty of free parking. Spacious, suite style rooms, up to date and very clean. Common areas are well-maintained and pools are great. It is just about a mile from the Strip, so a short cab ride or a mid-length walk. Safe location. The staff were very friendly and when I called the front desk I had assistance at my room within minutes. This is not deluxe on the scale of MGM Grand or the Venetian, but it is a great place to stay if you want affordability and don't need to be right on the Strip. I recommend it.	
Aug 6 2007 	Great for the price!!	For the price, this is a good hotel. The rooms are clean and spacious, ours had a separate living area which was great. The 3 pools were great. The meeting spaces were also very nice. My only complaint is the food but I've never been keen on hotel food. There are several restaurants within walking distance, so go offsite for food.	
Jul 28 2007	Great hotel	After reading all the negative things on this site we were a little skeptical to c/in to Alexis when me and my husband arrived the Bell staff was great and the front desk staff was awesome we asked them why there was so many negative things written about hotel they responded with please don't listen to everything you hear. We went to are room it was the super suite and wow it was amazing kinda like when we went on our honeymoon in Hawii. My entire stay went beyond what I was exspecting besides the hskpn not getting to my room one out of the three days I was there. I would definitly recommend the Alexis.	
Jul 24 2007	Management need help.....	Stayed with my family of three for a week long dance convention. The hotel lost most of our groups reservations ( over 35 families)made over six months ago. Poor front desk and management. Hotel is understaff in all areas. The Bell service team was by far the best part of the hotel.. They should probably be running the place. Horrible housekeeping staff. No one spoke english and many things missing from our rooms and our group.. Wow,.. No safes available for valuables--ouch.....	
Jul 23 2007 	Not what they advertise	My daughter was in Las Vegas for a ballet class at UNLV.The group that put on the dance class had arranged a special rate with this hotel. There were two adults and two teenagers in the suite. The suite, however, did not exactly match the pictures on their web site. Good things: Rooms were clean. Good location, near UNLV(non-gaming hotel). The beds were nice, the two rooms were good size and there was a small kitchen area with a frig. Prices for food and drinks and room service were resonable. Bad things: TV did not work. NO internet access at all( their web site claims to have high speed internet). Microwave oven, which was scheduled in advance, was not in the room. Frig door was broken. Maid service was hit and miss. Never had enough towels or toilet paper( called the front desk for TP, but it never came. Had to go down to the lobby and get some from the mens room) Pools out of order. Rooms had a run down look, nothing like the pictures on their web site. If I was going back to Las Vegas I would spend my money at one of the nicer hotels on the strip.	
Jul 20 2007 	Oh why did we NOT listen	OH why oh why did we not listen to all of you who posted warnings about this &quot;Hotel&quot;??? We booked our stay there online AFTER reading other coments, thinking that only people that are mad or frustrated write in these places as a sort of revenge. It could not be ALL bad so with a little bit of doubt we booked and headed to Vegas for what was to become WORST &quot;Hotel&quot; experience that we have ever had.First of all let me tell you that the grounds are gorgeous, outside it is very clean and well kept. But there is where my praise ends. We arrived on Friday July 13th at about 9:30 pm. When we booked our reservation we made sure to ask for certain things given the fact that we would be travelling with an 8yr old, a 6 yr old and a 7 week old infant. We asked for a MAIN floor room (due to the fact that there are no elevators and we had a stroller with infant carseat to lug around)We asked for a crib because we have a 7 WEEK old baby.We asked for a room close to the front of the hotel, because of the extreme heat and the fact that we had our 7 WEEK old infant with us.When we checked in, not only did NONE of the things that we asked for and got told verbally YES two days before our arrival, but we were placed at the BACK of the complex on the second floor. When we pointed out that we had called to aske for special consideraton we got told that there were no guarantees and that they would try to move us. The front desk staff (RUDE) told us that there was a Dance Competition and that EVERYTHING was full. We could try to call them in the morning though and try to get moved. We asked if we could be upgraded and we were told nothing was available as well. Once we made it to our room, we found that it was dirty and really run down. No worries we were not buying the place, we phoned room service and called to get pillows (none in the room) . Room service took over an hour to arrive and the pillows.....well they showed up around 1:30 in the morning. When we awoke the next moring we went to the lobby to get moved and still got told that there was NOTHING available even though we saw many people leaving. We were told to come back at 4:00 when check in started and to try our luck then. At four...we got back to the hotel lobby to find that the check in line was HUGE and so we called from our room to see if we could be moved. Again we were told that there was NOTHING available. So we asked to speak to a Manager. Same darn answer yet there were scores of people checking in so there HAD to be rooms.....where were these people all going if there was NOTHING available. We eventually gave up the fight and stayed put. Later we found out that there MUST have been something available because two people that we were travelling with, not only got moved into what they asked for but upgraded to boot. Live and learn I guess and AVOID THIS HOTEL.By the way, our room NEVER GOT CLEANED.....we had to actually ask for clean towels. When we did see a maid she asked if we needed anything for the room and I said yes...make it up...sol she did...she threw the beds together, took out the garbage, but only hung up our DIRTY TOWELS.The front desk staff is horrible and they do not care about service at all, the doormen are rude, the waiters in the restaurant are ignorant and rushed, in a nutshell...stay there only if you can live with everything that I mentioned.Oh I forgot to mention that we are still waiting for the crib we asked for. It was for our 7 WEEK OLD BABY, but I gather that does not pull any hearstrings at the Alexis Park Resort.	
Jul 6 2007	In a word: nightmare!	Hotel looked nice on the internet. Got there and the only part that was nice was the lobby. The rest of it was SO outdated and worn out. The cement stairs up to the rooms (no elevators) were sagging. There were two TVs in the room, but the cable didn't work. No fan in the bathroom. Several layers of paint used to cover many years of wear and tear. We were put in wrong room first and then moved next to the pool but on the second level. Yikes. We listened to hip hop music over loud speakers (played by hotel staff) from afternoon until midnight. My husband went down to complain about the noise level and they told him it would be turned off at midnight. There were very few folks actually enjoying the pool party (mostly staff) but somehow the music needed to stay cranked until midnight! My husband has a reservation there for a convention in two weeks, but after visiting it as a family we have decided to cancel that reservation and never return. Non gaming doesn't necessarily mean non partying! Families beware!	
Jun 19 2007 	Excellent stay. Cheap. Right across from Hard Rock!	Went with 6 other people. VERY nice for the price. Suite with 2 beds, bathroom accessible from bedroom or living room. Sofa couch and love seat. Mini-fridge to keep the alcohol cold. RIGHT across the street from the Hard Rock. Can't beat this deal for the price. Would HIGHLY recommend for college students or anyone on a tight budget. You will not regret it.	
Jun 16 2007 	Much better than expected	After reading all these bad comments we expected the worst but it turned out to be rather nice. We liked the courtyard with the pool area (reading free newspaper). The 2-room-suite was spacious, the carpets and furniture a bit worn (did not want to walk w/o shoes on).While we stayed there (building 18) it was quiet and we had no problem to sleep at odd hours due to jet-lag. The location was perfect for us but if you want to spend most of your time on the Strip you are better off there. Conclusion: if I had to, I would not mind to stay there again. Tip: try to stay on the right hand side, not too far in the back because of the contruction site there and traffic noise on the left.	
Jun 4 2007 	Nice stay	Had been 12 years since my last stay at the Alexis and some recent reviews made me nervous. No need to worry, room was very large and clean at a price that can't be beat right off the strip. Would definately go back with family.	
May 16 2007 	Fantastic Stay!	I stayed at the Alexis Park for 5 days for Darinfest 07. I just got home yesterday. It was a perfect stay. Clean room, comfortable beds, great service from everyone connected with Alexis Park. Security all over the place. I felt absolutely safe at all times. The food is excellent and very affordable. I cannot understand the negative reviews. Don't hesitate to book the Alexis Park! Beautiful pool and beautiful grounds. It was a great plus to me not to have a casino on premises. Although the airport was close, I was never bothered by the sound of planes overhead. I would definitely stay there again and highly recommend it.	
May 14 2007 	Two stays differing experiences	We had two stay's here as a party of 4 in April. The first stay was terrible, not the best start to our US vacation. First off they placed us (2 couples) in rooms at opposite ends of the hotel (a very large complex I have to say). We tried to get something closer but clerk asssured us this was the best they could do. Our room was very noisy from aircraft passing by to the Airport (not something anyone else seems to have noted). The bed was the most broken down, noisy thing I've ever slept in, everytime we moved it creaked and croaned and woke us up. The shower 'dribbled' water out and the drain was blocked. Overall the room was in need of a good touch up, looking old and tired. In essence this stay was a total rip off for the price, I paid a lot less elsewhere on this trip and got a lot more. Our return 11 days later was a vast improvement. We got rooms two doors down from each other, seperate room and lounge area, a comfortable bed and decent shower. This was more like the 3 star stay we were expecting. So, in summary a hard hotel to judge given our two very different experiences. Overall the hotel was pretty basic with limited offerings and the location off strip was in fact a slight nuisance ensuring we needed our car to get around. The price was good in comparison to the strip hotels but at the end of the day we certainly got what we paid for. I think I'll head back to the strip again if I return to Vegas.	
May 7 2007 	Wouldn't Stay there again	The room design is very nice, an actual suite with a living area with kitchenette separate from the sleeping area. The staff was always helpful and polite. Really the place is very cheaply and poorly maintained. Fake rock abound all over the nicely conceived grounds. The coffee maker was ridiculous. I went to a nearby CVS and bought one so we could have coffee in the am. Our room needed many small repairs and touch ups. The hallways did not appear to be lit.	
Apr 24 2007 	Great hotel location too inconvenient	I thought it was a great room. A queen suite (I thought we were in a queen, not a double bed) with a fridge and an odd coffee machine (filter basket is in coffee filter bag, one cup per brew). No way could we have gotten such a nice room, with room services prices at less than most restaurants on the strip, on the strip at $89/night when NAB was in town. However, at that location you are probably best depending upon the bus system or cabs to get around. You can walk to the strip, but who wants to walk nearly a mile to the strip dying of thirst and hungry as anything, before spending five hours walking and sightseeing on the strip? Additionally, if you take the bus ($5 for 24-hr pass), the stops aren't as convenient to this hotel as to other off-strip hotels. I had to walk about two blocks to catch the bus to the convention center and the bus to the strip is a block or two as well. In the end, we may have spent what money we saved by staying off the strip on cab fare to get around. You could possibly just have fun enjoying Hard Rock across the street and I understand Hofbraus (just a short block down) has excellent food as well. In the end, although we loved the room and the great room service prices, the place was simply too inconvenient a location.	
Apr 18 2007 	A little sketchy but great for the price	I was a bit nervous, reading the negative reviews, but the place really wasn't all bad. I was off to a convention in Vegas, and everywhere was booked. I was unable to find anything on the strip &lt; $500, so I turned to priceline and it's 3* properties, and got the Alexis park.The exterior of the hotel is in good shape -- three pools, nothing extravagant, but nice. The buildings have been re-painted with a faux-finish look, and it's nice, if not a tad cheesy.I stayed in a king non-smoking, the room was clean and safe. Everything in the room has a &quot;worn&quot; look to it -- functional, but you can tell the hotel has been in business for a while, and hasn't upgraded furnishings.The A/C units (two of them) looked brand new and were remote controlled. They worked well.The fridge looked brand new.The jacuzzi tub looked like it had been through a war. The shower head was nice, though too low. The bath and body works soaps and shampoos were GREAT, a surprise for this caliber of hotel.The bed was hard and the boxsprings (which were exposed -- no &quot;bed skirt&quot; frills at this joint) showed significant wear on the edges. My bed at home (10 years) isn't nearly this worn.A few stains on the carpet, dirty walls, etcetera.I tried to check in at 1030am, he (of course) said he was unable, but to try back at noon. I got right in at noon - three hours early. I had trouble with my internet in the room, but was resolved quickly, and the front desk called me back later to make sure it had been resolved.It is walkable to the strip from here, but it's a long walk -- 3/4 of a mile or so. It's not that bad to get TO the strip, but after walking around for a few hours -- the walk back is LONG. A taxi to (or from) the Aladdin (Planet Hollywood) is $7. I typically walked to the strip, did my thing, then taxi'd back.Depending on timing, it can be easier to catch a cab from the Hard Rock across the street.Overall, I'd visit again, but only if I were outpriced on the strip. The strip hotels, even the cruddy ones, are much nicer.	
Apr 8 2007 	Horrible service...	First, we arrived an hour and a half early, and they made sure to mention it. We received a room with 2 double beds after requesting a single queen suite, which we later found out does not exist. When we brought this to their attention they gave us a room with no heat, the phone did not work, TV did not work and the room was actually a disabled room with no actual tub.The room smell was horrible as soon as you opened the door all you can smell is musty stale moldy old. Yuck!After sleeping a couple hours in the horribly uncomfortable bed, ordering room service, which was cold and took over an hour, we checked out, mentioned our concerns with the agent, who did nothing, not even an apology.I DO NOT RECOMMEND this supposed resort. DO NOT waste your time and money. It is worth the extra couple bucks to stay on the strip where you will get first class service.	
Apr 2 2007 	No hassles minutes to the strip clean!	My fiance and I wanted to do a quick Vegas getaway, but rooms were $UPER EXPEN$IVE for the weekend we chose--no regular deals :( So, we Hotwired a room and it ended up as the Alexis Park. We had an uneventful check in, no problems, nice desk clerks. Our room was upstairs in building 23, (a nonsmoking building). It was a long walk to our room, but the property is nice, and we passed 3 pools and pretty landscaping---nothing frilly, just nice and manicured. We opened the door and I was really surprised--for $90, our room had a wet bar with stools, fridge and a microwave (like a kitchenette), a living room with a desk, couch and loveseat, a desk and a tv, a bedroom with another tv and a fireplace (I don't think it worked, but it was cute), and a bathroom with a big jacuzzi tub (it was a little dingy looking--old, not dirty). Sure it was a little worn---cracks here and there, chipped tiles, minor things, but it felt pretty clean, and I did a bedbug check and found none. It is about an $8, 5-10 minute cab ride to the middle of the strip, and getting a cab was easy as pie. The room had a hairdryer, a coffee maker (with coffee) and decent little soaps, but no full length mirror. LADIES, the bathroom mirror has low lighting--I suggest putting your makeup on in the mirror next to the desk, where there is a bright lamp. Just FYI. We don't have any kids, but the kids we did see there seemed to enjoy it--the pool has a fun water fountain-type thing that seemed to make them happy. Nothing creepy happened, the whole place was pretty quiet and tame, we felt safe, I would bring a family there. Overall, it was a nice easy cheap place to stay when there are no deals on the strip. I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again!	
Apr 1 2007 	Great service awful room	The Alexis Park was a mixed bag. The staff was always extremely courteous, responsive and helpful, and I can not say enough good things about them. Unfortunately, the facilities were so poor I can not recommend it.I kept a journal over my two days there. I don't normally do that, but this was such a unique experience I was compelled to capture every detail. Here it is:--- Monday, 10:00 p.m. ---I reach the hotel and check in, no waiting in line. They are out of non smoking rooms, and they are sold out for the night. I’m tired, so I take a smoking room. Apparently you can't make a reservation for a non-smoking room -- you make a reservation and then hope for the best. I enter the room, and it is about 40 years out of date. I’m sure at one time it was the height of luxury. Now it isn’t. I go into the bathroom, and the tub is half full of water because the faucet is dripping and the plug in the drain is closed. So I reach into the water and pull the plug on the drain. The water drains for the next five minutes.The upside – the room is spacious, and has a built-in wet bar (no alcohol). But the rug has stains, and the sheets on the bed scare me so I’m sleeping on the sofa tonight.I should have piad the money to stay at Mandalay Bay. I might yet.After 20 minutes on the sofa, I decide it’s not so comfortable, so I move over to the bed.--- Tuesday, 4:30 a.m. ---I’m cold, and I wake up. To make sure I didn’t hear the dripping faucet in the bathroom, I had closed the bathroom door. Little did I know that there is no heater in the bathroom, so now the bathroom has become an icebox. There was a heater right outside the bathroom door, but that was turned off. So I opened the bathroom door, then turned on the heater to offset of the draft of cold air that was coming in.It’s only after I turn to go back to bed that I realize that the window in the bathroom and the light outside it are perfectly aligned to shine directly across the pillows of both beds. So I now have to choose between a cold bathroom and having a light shine on my face while I sleep.I close the door most of the way, and crank up the heater to 76 degrees. After 15 chilly minutes, I was able to go back to sleep.--- Tuesday, 8:00 a.m. ---I call the front desk at 8:00 and requested a non-smoking room. They said fine, but could I bring my luggage up to the front desk and have it held there while they clean the rooms, as they are sold out that night, and need to clean my room for an incoming guest. No problem, I say.I go in to take a shower. There are two strange things about the shower. First, the shower head is at my eye level. So I’m doing moves I never knew I was capable of to try to get my head and shoulders washed and rinsed. Then after a few minutes I realize that water is pooling at the bottom of the tub. The drain is open, so that means that the water flow out of the tub is slow. By the end of the shower, I am standing ankle deep in my own soapy, dirty water.Next I go to plug in the iron. There is only one outlet that is in reach of the iron, and I have to move the love seat (not a sofa) to reach the outlet. Fortunately, the iron works fine.I go down for breakfast. I stand in the doorway next to the “Please wait to be seated.” Sign waiting to be seated. There is no host/hostess. Several of us stand there for about ten minutes. Finally, a waitress just waves me over to a table. I let the wait staff know that people are waiting and there’s no hostess. They cover for her, but it’s obviously not what they are supposed to do.The eggs at the buffet are not cooked. Meaning that there is still liquid egg mix in the eggs.--- Tuesday, 5:00 p.m. ---I go to the lobby, and get my new room with no problem. I enter my new room, and the first thing I notice is that I’m missing a bar stool. No worries really – it’s just me.Then I look for the remote for the heater, since the room is cold. I’m missing the remote, so I call the front desk and the maintenance guy comes and gives me one.Then I look in the bathroom, and I’m missing skin lotion. Again, no big deal since I never use the stuff, I would just like to get a complete set.Then I tried to connect to the internet. Everywhere else I’ve stayed, it’s five bucks a day. Here there’s five dollars a day, or three hours for $7.50. Hunh? Then there’s another five dollar charge for, well, nothing on top of that. So after a call to the front desk, I reboot and it works properly – only $5.00 a day. Then I try to check my work mail. Slooooooooooooooooooow. So incredibly slow, I have time to brush my teeth while I’m waiting for the main mail screen to appear.--- Wednesday, 7:05 a.m. ---I’m still kind of awake, so I call the front desk and ask to speak with the manager. I let her know about the not-on-duty hostess and the uncooked eggs. She is very pleasant, and comps me this morning’s breakfast without my having to ask. Again, great people...So there it is... a comedy of errors. With so many great hotels, I recommend trying someplace else first.	
Mar 27 2007 	Good for the price	The Alexis Park Resort was a decent place overall. I would bet that it used to be an apartment complex before and was transformed into a resort. There are 3 swimming pools. The main pool is pretty big and the other 2 are about average sized, but bigger than most pools you would find in a back yard. This resort apparently attracts many families because there were a lot of children.THE ROOM we got was the lowest on the price range. It was like a one bedroom apartment. We reserved a Monarch Suite on the web for $104 per night Friday and Saturday which was a great deal. It had a queen bed and a separate living area with a pull-out sofa bed. Since it was only me and my husband, we didn't use the sofa bed. It would have been good for our son if he would have went. I liked the convenience of the mini kitchen, but it did not have a microwave. It did have a refrigerator and single-cup coffee maker. The bathroom had a deep tub with jets for a nice relaxing bath. I loved the Bath and Body Works soaps and shampoos they give you (like other reviewers). CLEAN/SAFE: Overall, the place seemed secure. Security rides around in little carts. Parking is free. Housekeeping did a good job. The room and whole resort was clean. No bugs. They should do something about the scent of cat urine by the garden wedding area though. A couple of cats like to hang out there. The scent kind of ruins the pretty scenery. TAXI fare to the strip is going to run you $8 - $10 USD. Walking to the strip would not be fun because its kind of far away and there's a lot of traffic. Unless you like to walk for hours because the strip itself is a major walking experience. You could walk to the Hard Rock Hotel/Cafe which is right across the street. We spent about $60 in taxi fare while we were there to avoid drinking and driving. Next time I think it would be equal just to pay a little more for a room on the strip instead of getting taxis, but I would stay here again otherwise.	
Mar 18 2007 	Perfect for a non-gambling family	My family loved the Alexis Park. My husband and I dont gamble at all and obviously our 3 teenagers can't. We came to Vegas for 2 nights just to experience what the city is like and we wanted to see the Hoover Dam. The hotel was right off the strip so we could still see it and visit some of the big-time hotels. I would definitely siggest this hotel if you want a quiet, relaxed stay in Vegas but you still want the oppurtunity to experience the city (outside of the hotel walls).by the way- the breakfast was great	
Mar 4 2007 	Just Right for Me A Non-Gambler	It was not like the MGM or the Mirage. It was not flashy nor glamour. The setup of my room was like my apartment, but much more spacious. Staff were friendly and helpful. Parking was ample and right next to my room. This is the place for people who don't care for the smoke, lights and noise of the big Vegas high rise hotels. I felt like home there.	
Feb 26 2007	NBA weekend	My daughter's entire volleyball team was booked into this hotel and not once before we checked in were we told that there would be TWO nights of blaring music from pre-booked parties coming from their convention room and surrounding areas celebrating the NBA All Star game. Every room in the hotel could hear or FEEL this music coming into their rooms and it lasted until 3 in the morning. Unbelievable! We purchased all the earplugs they had in their little store, which did not help, nor were there enough to go around. Our girls were dragging for two days of tournament play, where college coaches are scouting for the best players. What a travesty for these girls. But the worst part of the weekend was trying to book an audience with the general manager to discuss our plight and she just just blew us off.	
Feb 7 2007 	Not Too Bad	Just returned from Vegas, stayed at Alexix Park for 3 days. It's a interesting layout with about 28 separate low rise buildings. Each suite is two story, living room, 1 1/2 baths, fireplace, and a jacuzzi on the staircase. Note: for us gambling addicts, no casino in this hotel. Nearest casino is the Hard Rock Hotel across the street, but take care in crossing as it's a very busy and dangerous boulevard. If you stay in this hotel, you might be doing a lot of walking. In our case, we were housed on the far end of the property,so it's a good hike. We heard some scary stories from other folks on this website, but we had no major problems. The water pressure is really low in the showers. You might want to take heed of some of the concerns over security at this hotel as there is no way for them to secure these buildings from outsiders. I didn't leave my wife alone in the room at any time as I had read about some unfortunate incidents. Please note the check-in time posted is 4 p.m./ Seemed kind of late for a modern hotel, as the check-out time is listed at 11 :00 a.m.It's okay if you don't mind some inconveniences.	
Jan 29 2007	It's Ok	The Alexis Park is nice enough. We stayed there because of a convention my partner was attending and I went along for the free ride. So, considering her company picked up the tab I can't complain. However, for review purposes I'm giving it a neutral rating. It's fairly nice on the outside and walking distance to the Strip (I made the walk a couple times). The landscaping is nice and while it was too cold to swimp the pool was pleasant to sit around in the sun. I also got an hour massage onsite - it cost $100 which was rather pricey - I could get the same back home for $60 - $70, but for the convenience I s'pose it was worth it. They've a nice little gym onsite - nothing fancy, but clean and functional. There was also a hot tub and sauna in the women's changing room (and I assume the same in the men's).Based on all of the above I would've given it an 'above average' rating (four circles), but the rooms knocked them down a bit. They were ok - clean and we had room service daily - the TV's and heater worked, etc, but the beds were small (but the brochure DID say two double beds), and the bathroom was pretty outdated and needed some repairs. To give the old tiles some new life they'd painted over them - and did a pretty good job, except where the paint was chipping off. The bathrooms really just needed a remodel to deal with poor lighting and skewed cabinet doors, etc.Considering the price ($169) and location I would probably stay here with friends, again (split four ways it becomes much more reasonable).	
Jan 7 2007 	No Heat Your Problem	Las vegas on New Years was great unless this Hotel is the one you booked. We stayed in a suite for 2 nights. The first night we called to let them know that the heat was not working thinking that they would get it fixed while we were out with friends. We came back the second night late New Years. Still no heat, we called again they sent out maintence to tell us that it was not working. we complained to the front office they did not even say that they were sorry. Quailty service was not on the menu at this all suites resort. I would never recommend this place to anyone it is falling apart and they treat the customers like they are an inconvience. I did get an extra blanket instead of heat. But for $250.00 dollars a night what should a consumer expect?	
Jan 4 2007 	Great for the Price Quiet and Close to the Action	I was recently here for New Years and thought it was a great deal. I was first wary of the location but found it fine since it was next to the Hard Rock and a few minutes from the strip casinos. Very reasonable price for a great room and excellent service. The bar staff was great and the front desk even let us stay a little past the scheduled check out time. Would definitely recommend for a great price, resort quality tranquility, but still close proximity to the strip.	
Dec 12 2006 	Alexis park -- a nice *2* star hotel	I booked this property on hotwire, and I was very skeptical of the hotel once I read other reviews on tripadvisor. I even attempted (unsuccessfully) to get my rooms booked somewhere else through hotwire.I dont know where all the tweakers and street-walkers come from, but they seem to congregate near the hotel. Im not sure if they are living in one of the many construction areas near the hotel or what. Maybe this is a problem for the entire city of Las Vegas...It did not feel like a safe place at night. The lighting was ok, but left several areas in shadows. This place is HUGE with several hundred rooms spread out over probably 50+ acres. If you get a shuttle to the hotel from the airport, be prepared to walk over a 1/4 mile to your room.2 of the 3 pools were under severe reconstruction while we were there. Our room cards couldn't access the 3rd and final pool, and we were told by the front desk that our cards won't work when the pool is closed. (I guess it was closed at 11 am).The carpet was new in our room, and the bed was clean and comfortable. The furniture was newly updated. The tile in the bathroom is painted, though. The room was clean, though calling it a kitchen is a stretch since there was no microwave or stove, only a dorm fridge.We didnt get a fully stocked bathroom (shampoo and conditioner), so I left $5 for houskeeping as a tip for our second night. We were suprised to find the bathroom stocked with extras (on top of our shampoo and conditioner that was missing from the night before) with items such as mouthwash and lotion. Bathroom items were from Bath and Body Works, so this was $5 well spent. My wife estimates the value at probably close to $10.The room did not have a good reception on the TV. Cable didnt work, and the reception required the use of an antenna. Only about 5 fuzzy channels were available. Our friends had working cable only 3 doors away. Cable seems to be hit or miss based upon which room you get (luck of the draw). The internet appears to be the same way.Overall, I give this a solid 2 star hotel, but not 3. They really need to work out security issues, and give the whole thing better lighting (inside and out). Calling it an all-suite hotel is also a major stretch. So is comparing it to a Residence Inn or Courtyard, or Embassy suites. It IS on par with most Best Westerns or Clarion or Holiday Inns, though. If you booked through a non-refundable website you shouldn't worry. This was a comfortable place.I still feel that hotwire selling me this hotel as comparable to a Embassy suites 3 star hotel is fraud, but that is a battle for another day.	
Dec 4 2006 	Great place for the price but be careful with the reservation	I stayed in this hotel for three nights early November and when I arrived I was very dissapointed to see the &quot;Monarch suite&quot; which for me was only a big room. The following morning I went to ask the receptionist (thanks Angela) so she moved me to another room which was what i expected. This hotel is about a mile from the strip but next to the Hard Rock Cafe. I go to Vegas often for business and I hate staying at the Casinos so this is a good choice for business travelers looking for a quite place to stay. The best of all was the front desk receptionist who was very worry having an unhappy customer. Definitely this hotel is a great bargain for your money. Make sure when making your reservation to clarify whether the room has a separate bedroom or not.	
Nov 20 2006	Pretty place - don't skip due to previous reviews.	After reading previous reviews, several of which were negative, I wanted to write a fairly positive review. This hotel is in the process of improvements, some of which are visible, some of which are not. The grounds are very pretty and well-kept. It has been somewhat updated, but still needs some work. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We ate dinner in the restaurant and were pleasantly surprised. The food was good and the service, tho somewhat slow, was ok. The room was huge with a living room, large bar area with sink and fridge, and a large bedroom. The bath needed some updating, but had a jacuzzi tub.The bar was a little dark, but the bartender was friendly.If you have a reason to stay off the strip, this place is a reasonable choice, and reasonably priced.	
Nov 19 2006 	Good but lacking	Stayed at this place for 3 nights in November. On the good side, the location is pretty good (near the Hard Rock). And the room was more like a small apartment than a hotel room. Parking is very easy (and free), and the staff seems to be pretty nice.What is annoying about this place is the way the management has allowed lots of things to break down. Here's the list of things I noticed:-Televisions cannot get many channels due to some strange radio interference. -The plumbing in the room is falling apart and is sealed in a sloppy way-The cardio equipment in the gym is almost all out of order. This includes both treadmills. -The sauna and steamroom are both brokenI read one review that says that the place is being re-done. But it seems to have the hallmark of a hotel that is about to be destroyed for the land. Either way, this is not a bad place to stay, but you will not get all of the advertised amenities. That makes it a rip-off on some level. Despite these problems, I'd stay again. I'd also say that the gym has a pretty extensive set of equipment. Most of it seems to work fine outside of the cardio stuff.	
Nov 1 2006 	Dangerous Security Non Existent	Dangerous Security Non Existent Don’t stay here if you value you life or property. Our room was broken in to and valuable property stolen while we were at a wedding on the premises. Made a report we their so called security, also filed a report with the Police Department. I talk to the general manager and all he did was cop an attitude, and said there’s nothing we can do about it.	
Oct 21 2006 	A work in progress	I just returned from a 4 night stay at this property. I was nervous after reading reviews here, but had a very positive experience. I was attending a conference in the hotel. This is an older resort with many 2 story buildings built around a center garden with pathways and 3 pools. It is a popular spot for garden weddings - they have several small weddings per evening on weekends.The resort is in process of being updated. My room in one of the building near the front of the resort had been redone. ( buildings 11-19 have been redone) It was a spacious room with comfortable double bed, a wetbar, with fridge, microwave and coffemaker and sitting area with sofa and club chair. The bath was large with an oval tub and lots of good towels. The hotel offers free parking and is only about 1/2 mile walk to the strip. The resort does not offer a casino which was a plus. Hard Rock Casino is directly across the street, and there are shops and food a block away. The staff were all very helpful and friendly. I would stay here again in one of the refurbished rooms. It is a good value.	
Oct 17 2006 	Dangerous break-in	Alexis Park Resort and Spa turned out to be a dangerous place. We woke up to an intruder the first morning. She had broken in the bathroom window. We were so lucky that she was unarmed she knocked the towel rack down and woke us up - very scary situation. The general manager laughed when we asked for compensation on the room cost because of this terrifying experience - he actually did this. We did fill out a police report - this was October 2006. Don't stay here!	
Sep 26 2006	Much better than I expected	I was reluctant to stay here after reading negative reviews but I decided to give the positive reviews a chance. I was pleasantly surprised when I opened the door and found a spacious room equipped with the amenities I expect to find in motels.While the rooms aren't new, it is obvious that the intent of the owners is to offer a great value for the price.I'm looking forward to the rest of my stay and will certainly consider the Alexis for future visits to Las Vegas	
Sep 25 2006 	Better than expected	I attended a conference here the second week of September, 2006, so I had little choice on staying here. I was skeptical about the place based on earlier reviews, but I have to admit that it isn't as bad as reported.I got the impression that management was making efforts to update the resort, but they can only do so much at once. For instance, the sofa was old but the beds were great. The A/C was new in both the living room and bedroom, but the TV channel selection left a lot to be desired. Who goes to Vegas to watch TV anyway? My room had a kitchenette, but all it had was a sink, bar fridge, and a one-cup coffee maker. No microwave, burners or utensils. The room was clean, and the jacuzzi tub worked. All 3 pools were open and clean, and they had a better than average fitness room.The maid service was prompt and efficient. The other hotel staff I encountered wasn’t very helpful. When I checked in, there was a bellboy hanging around behind the front desk, but he didn't offer to help with the bags. He was more interested in asking the desk clerk out on a date. While I was checking in! Anyway, the conference facilities were adequate if you forget about the A/C failing in the conference area for a day and a half. The resort is exactly one mile from the Strip, so be prepared to walk a bit to enjoy the sites. The Hard Rock casino is right across the street if you can't. Taxis were usually not around, and had to be called by the front desk. The East Harmon area isn’t bad, but it is more secluded at night than the Strip. Although the place is OK, I wouldn't stay here again because there are so many better hotel options in Vegas.	
Jul 18 2006	Dark and scary	Had to stay here for a competition with my daughter. Room was old and not the cleanest I have every stayed in. Fortunately the air conditioner worked great. Outdoor coridors are dark and a little scary at night. There were a couple of times we were at the pool and thought the airplanes were going to land on top of the hotel. Staff is extremely incompetent. I knew more about Las Vegas than they did and they were not interested in finding out the answers. Taxis are non existent. If you need one, they will not call one for you. A bellman stands in the shrubs out front and blows a whistle. If you are lucky one will stop within 20 - 30 minutes. I would defintely not stay here again on my own choice.	
Jul 13 2006	Stay Away!	I can' t believe this place can stay in business. Dirty, bad service, things falling apart,,,,	
Jul 13 2006	Making Improvements	I've stayed at the Alexis Park three times in the past year in preperation for an upcoming conference. Over that time I have seen quite a lot of improvement by the new management. The pool and grounds have always been nice. They have a top notch gym - better than most hotel and rarely used. The Lobby/regisrtation area was being renovated during my last trip and is going to be nice. The rooms and exterior painting are still being worked, but you can see the improvmenet from month-to-month. the bottom line is this hotel is not a $300/night hotel and you are not going to get that type of service/ or accomodations. What it is going to be is a clean, respectable hotle at a very reasonable rate close to the strip.	
Jul 6 2006	Good deal in Las Vegas	On my recent visit to Las Vegas I stayed at the Alexis Park and it was my third time at the hotel. During the booking of the room I noticed negative feedback on the property and thought only fair to provide my perspective based on multiple visits. I have always found the rooms clean and the beds comfortable and have felt it is a good value for my dollar. I also liked the fact that it is a non-gaming location so I do not have to go through a smokey casinso floor to get to the factilities. I was concerned this visit because of the summer temps and whether the air conditioning would provide adequate cooling, I had to get up in the middle of the night and turn it down it was doing such a good job! If you are expecting the Ritz it is not the place for you but if you want a comfortable location at a reasonable price it is definitely a great place to stay.	
Jul 6 2006	Don't know what all the bad press is about.....	I stayed at this location in June with some trepidation, based on the reviews I had read. To my surprise I found not one, but three pools available for swimming. There appeared to be managment interest in improving the property, as we noticed workmen on-site both days. My room was clean, and large. The bed and bedding were comfortable, and the air conditioning worked well - thank goodness - it was well over 100 degrees both days! I will definitely stay at the Alexis Park on my next visit to Las Vegas.	
Jul 6 2006	Ok for the money - but not the greatest option	I stayed at the Alexis in April (2006) for a convention of cigar smokers - probably not their run-of-the-mill convention they hold there. I didn't give the resort 3-stars, as there are problems. If you are in the front part of the resort, the buildings look a bit more maintained - fresher paint jobs, a bit more tidy on the upkeep, etc. Toward the back of the resort, though, they really need to fix things like windows, the paint/stucco jobs, etc. For some reason, one of the pools (not the one near my building, thankfully) was closed the entire weekend I was there. As they feature it on their Web site as an &quot;evening and meeting focal point&quot; for socializing/etc., one would think they would maintain it a bit better.The service was very nice, I will say. The desk staff were very kind and courteous, as I arrived earlier in the day and my room was not ready. (I was very early.) The hotel allows you to check your baggage securely, so that was fine. Housekeeping was adequate, though I must say they were very noisy. My room was changed every day, but there was nothing extrodinary in the service. The resort is not 4-star, so I wasn't expecting much.Very frustrating, however, was the air conditioner/heater in my bedroom. The one in the living room/lounge area worked fine, but the one in the bedroom refused to operate correctly. When set on &quot;cool&quot; - it was about 78-degrees outside when I was there, after all- the unit gave out heat instead. Had I wanted to do Bikram yoga in my bedroom, it would have been ideal. After reporting the unit not working, it never was fixed. I had to rely on the unit in the living room to keep this cool. Also, the phone in the bedroom did not work at all. One other note. If you stay in the back part of the resort, you'll have a nice, healthy walk as the resort is spread out quite a bit. It's well-lit at night, though, and seems relatively safe for not being gated or anything. Overall, it was ok for the value. I really wasn't there at the resort for the resort itself - more for the convention and to explore Vegas for the first time. The location is nice, though, being just far enough from the Strip that you can get away from all the noise and tour bus-loads of gawking tourists. The hotel is a good 15-minute walk from the Strip, and if the weather is not too warm, a quick/easy walk. Hoffbrauhaus is nearby (for big German beers and even bigger German dinners - om pa pa!), as is Mr. Lucky's at the Hard Rock Casino (great for a quick breakfast, and ask for the $7.77 steak/shrimp/salad meal deal that is not on the menu). If you're used to everything being neat, tidy, ultra modern, look elsewhere. If, however, you're on a budget (or get a deal staying here, in my case), don't mind being away from the noise of the Strip, and can look past things like malfunctioning air conditioner units (ok, was a bit of a problem) and cracking stucco that needs repaired already, you could do worse. Not terrible, but they need to improve things to polish their image a bit. I'd rather spend a few bucks more the next time, put up with some of the Strip noise, and get better quality/service.	
Jun 8 2006	Tired Dirty 	We went to a Hilton Time Share fiasco but stayed two nights in a clean new suite at their Grand Vacation Club. Can't say enough about those rooms. Nice. Then we moved to the Alexis Park. One TV was hotwired thru a hole in the wall to pick up the limited cable selection. We had to 'jiggle' the wire to see thru the static on the screen. The main room had dirty carpeting, a refrig that had seen better days and dirty windows. The jacuzzi had not worked in years. There was a lot of wind while we stayed there and no one made any effort when the winds died down to pick up the palm fronds and papers that stuck in all the scary dark overhangs. No one was allowed in the main pool ?? something about ins. One pool was filled with palm fronds and the other one was full of kids there for basketball and baseball tournaments.The staff we encountered were friendly and the receptionist went online to print out our boarding passes for us. We are flying into Vegas in July to drive to Palm Desert and will spend two nights there before we return home. I will stay out in Henderson if I have to before I would stay at that dirty worn out Alexis Park. With all the bulldozing and building in Vegas, I am surprised it is still standing.	
Jun 5 2006	Barely tolerable!	My husband and I stayed at the Alexis (despite my gut feeling and the poor reviews here on TA) over the CRAZY BUSY Cinco de Mayo weekend. We didn't want to shell out the exhorbitant prices at the nice strip hotels (200 and up) for our quick three day break from reality. Pros of Alexis -- hot water, clean bed/bedding and pretty close proximity to center strip (25 min. walk in a pretty safe but not all sidewalked area), quiet pool area to sun ourselves each AMCons -- musty smelling room, very worn furniture (some to the point of being dangerous), no shuttle to Strip, main pool was closed (they said because of no lifeguard)We had planned on using the Hard Rock Hotel shuttle (which Alexis had recommended) but you have to cross a busy 6-lane highway (EAST HARMON) and the line for the shuttle there was very LONG the nights we were there.If you want to know about the rest of our time --Despite the Alexis, we had an incredible time in Vegas. The money we saved on our room we used to gamble and I got lucky at the quarter slots one night, winning over $350. For our big &quot;show&quot; we saw Cirque de Soleil Ka at MGM which we absolutely LOVED. (Although my husband said he still likes &quot;O&quot; best). Oh, and the MGM Buffet Dinner was excellent, at $29.99 that night.So, my advice is, if you can absolutely avoid the Alexis, do so, but it's okay in a pinch. I would much prefer to stay at the Aladdin (or whatever it's new name is now) which usually has decent rates (except on that particular weekend...) and yet is pretty classy and accessible to everywhere we like to visit.	
May 27 2006 	Overall Dirty Feeling	We would never stay here again. During our 5 night stay, I never felt clean or safe. To drive to our room, we passed open dumpsters, trash spilling out. There were bugs in the bathroom, dirty tissues under the bed. The first room we were assigned had air conditioners on the wall that had pieces hanging from them, dust filled and did not cool the rooms. We were switched to a newly &quot;renovated&quot; room and it had a new air conditioner, which was fine, but newly &quot;renovated&quot; was a laugh. It is just an old motor lodge which needs major updating, not just a new coat of paint over the dirt. They claim to be a &quot;resort&quot; which is major misleading. You can call a wrecked Volkswagon bug a luxury automobile, but it doesn't make it so. If I got free nights at this hotel I would not stay again. Hotwire claims it is a three star and books it as a &quot;Resort&quot; but don't make the mistake I did and hope that you are finding a fantastic deal on Hotwire, it is a misrepresentation and a sad place to stay in Vegas.	
May 15 2006 	Mice!	There were mice in my room when I stayed here. The staff were extremely rude and unfriendly. Very dirty, unkept facilities. Will never set foot on the property again.	
May 10 2006	Would not stay here again.	My sister and I stayed at Alexis Park Resort and accidentally left quite a few of our tops hanging in the closet when we checked out. When we realized it 24 hours later, we went back to the hotel. A couple of the items we left were turned in, but several of the more expensive items were mysteriously not found even though they were all in the same dry cleaning bag. The staff gave us the impression that they were not concerned in the least that these items had disappeared.	
Apr 29 2006	"I got what I paid for!"	I got lucky to get into this &quot;resort&quot; via Priceline. I didn't expect much but wasn't ready for dirty rooms. My co-workers got regular rooms and from what I can tell they were horrid. I was lucky to get upgraded to a &quot;suite&quot; with a fireplace, jacuzzi and other perks. LOL... That Jacuzzi was scary! :)Happy travels!	
Apr 28 2006	Nothing wrong that a wrecking ball won't fix	The upside is you get a 2-room &quot;suite&quot; with a bar area including fridge and sink. The downside is everything else. The place borders an airport runway and has fallen into disrepair. Although things worked in my room everything was worn to the point of it being impossible to get clean. It's a sprawling &quot;motor lodge&quot; style campus with hundreds of rooms and three pools. All of it looks worn out. Basically they should bulldoze it. The only people I would recommend this to are people who don't mind the above issues and who are on an extreme budget and get a room really cheap (like 50 bucks) and like the two-room feature. It's all pretty lame.	
Apr 25 2006 	Horrible Place Better To Sleep In A Tent	This is a horrible place. The staff are terrible, lazy and unfriendly people. The rooms are moldy, dirty. They do not clean the rooms or refresh the toiletries. The toilet paper is more like sand paper. Air conditioning does not work. Fireplace does not work. The food is terrible. We will never return to this horrible place.	
Apr 24 2006	Cute place scary area.	This was the only hotel near the strip that was not booked, and the only reason I chose Alexis Park.First off the place looks like a dive from the outside, the walls look as if they are crumbling and the area looks as if a shooting can happen at any time.The good thing about the hotel is that the rooms were much nicer than we had expected. We had a very large room for $99.00 a night for three nights. It had a whirlpool tub and shower. As non smokers we were happy that there was not a smokey casino to walk through to get to the front desk.We are not gamblers, so the hotel was fine for us. All we really needed was a comfortable clean bed and that is what we got.Because of the location of the hotel, I will never stay there again or suggest it to anyone to stay there.	
Apr 2 2006	If you don't want to shower drink coffee or eat breakfast	Stayed at the Alexis Park Hotel on Friday March 24, 2006. The shower fixture was not working, the coffee pot was not working, our door facing the alley looked like it had been kicked in. The front desk was not helpful when there were reservation problems with Orbitz. The manager at the Alexis tried to make it up to us by offering a free breakfast buffet but the cold eggs and limp bacon was insult to injury. The thought that Orbitz charged us $148.for this he-- hole still makes me hot.	
Mar 20 2006	What a dreadful stay!!!	We stayed at the Alexis Park 2 years ago and had a very pleasant stay, so decided to return and booked a loft suite...Big mistake!On arrival, used trays of food were outside our room. Despite several phone calls and calls at reception they remained for the entire 48 hours that we were at the resort. When I asked a maid if they could be moved, she replied &quot;No&quot;. The excuse from reception was that the person who moves the trays wasn't working. The room had no heating (it was cold in Vegas), again this never got fixed. The jacuzzi had chewing gum stuck to the bottom and there were exposed electrical wires in the room (hole in wall). We travel extensively and this was the worst place we have stayed at. I don't know what has happened, but it has let it standards drop dramatically in two years. Do yourself a favour and give it a miss.	
Mar 15 2006	Don't panic!!! It's going to be OK	Quick review: The outside buildings look like a cheap motel and are a bit shabby (cracking paint and plaster). However, the room we had (2257) was very spacious, clean and everything worked as advertised. Considering the reviews we read, I feared the worst, but it turned out much better than expected. If you are looking for affordable accommodations and don't mind being off the strip, this is not a bad place to stay.FULL REVIEW:------------------------------------------------------My wife and I booked our rooms through Hotwire and were given accommodations at Alexis Park Resort. Naturally, the first thing I did was read reviews...and boy, was I worried! Usually you have to take Trip Advisor reviews with a grain of salt, read between the lines and such. But when I saw the shear number of horrible reviews, I really got worried. When we arrived, the outer buildings reminded me of a large but cheap motel. The paint is peeling, the plaster is cracked, and from the outside you would expect the rooms to be really small. But that was the only bad impression we had.First, the lobby was clean and decorated nicely (if a bit modestly) and the employees behind the counter were attentive and efficient. Next, our room was very large and well-appointed (for an $80/night room) and everything was clean and tidy. The bed sheets were clean, the shower worked fine, the bed was very comfortable and there were no bad odors in our non-smoking room. As for pests, my wife is VERY susceptible to flea and other critter bites and she had absolutely no problems. And finally, we did not encounter any problems with check-in or double billing as some people reported.My only complaints are that they had limited cable television (no premium cable at all - this means we missed the season opening of Sopranos) and that the bathroom did not have a heat lamp. Usually, Vegas doesn't need heat lamps, but this was pre-spring and it was chilly at night. Finally, the &quot;kitchen&quot; is just a small fridge and sink (we were hoping that kitchen meant stove/oven).Overall, I was very pleased with the accommodations and would recommend this to anyone who is looking for affordable accommodations who don't mind being off the strip. (The Hard Rock Casino is very close, and I recommend Mr. Lucky's for breakfast.) In conclusion, if you bought your accommodations from Hotwire and are getting nervous, relax, don't panic. It'll be fine. We had non-smoking room 2257 and it was very pleasant.	
Mar 5 2006	Is everyone used to staying at the Four Seasons?	I am reading all of these bad reviews, and I am just thinking to myself...how prissy are half of these people? I stayed one night on Friday March 3rd and was actually surprised at how nice the room was. This was my third trip to vegas in the past year, so I travel there quite a bit. My boyfriend and I stayed at Mandalay Bay for the first 3 nights and due to the ridiculous Friday night weekend rates, we opted to get a $116 room at Alexis on the last night. It was not bad at all. It was his first time ever in Vegas and I wanted to make it special by getting a room on the strip, but he was actually kind of mad at me, by not getting our room at Alexis for the whole week, so that we could have had saved more money for the trip.I was a little worried at first due to the outside decor looking a bit &quot;spray-painted&quot;, but when I entered the room I was happily surprised. It had a little kitchenette w/ fridge, a couch, chair, and with exception of the bedspread the room was very nicely decorated. The bathroom was a good size, with a garden bathtub, and had Bath &amp; Body Works as the shampoo, soap and lotion in the room. It was clean, and I must admit, it was a very nice change not being in a &quot;gaming&quot; hotel that is too crowded, and where we didn't have to walk a mile from the parking lot to our room. Alexis is not on the strip, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. It is located a half a mile away, plus it is right across the street from the Hard Rock. If you are looking for something quiet and inexpensive, (believe me you will spend enough money on food and everything else), Alexis is a good place to stay.	
Feb 26 2006	It's a dump! Stay away!!!	This place is in dire need of repairs. The walls are crumbling and dirty, the refrigerator was noisy, no hot water in the shower, bottom of the tub had a 12&quot; crack, bathroom floor had paint overspray, landscape was dead and brown, bad tv reception, smelly lobby. Go there if you are researching for material on &quot;How NOT to run a hotel&quot;.	
Feb 22 2006	What a dump!	We stayed at this hotel because of a convention being held there. The only way I can imagine this hotel getting a good review is if there are maybe a handfull of nice rooms. I didn't hear of a single person from the 140 rooms booked for our convention that ended up in a good one. The bed looked like a giant bowling ball had been dropped on it. The room was in sad need of a good cleaning and paint. This hotel boasted that the rooms were 'suites'. What it really was like was the cheap college dorms I lived in 25 yrs ago. Very out dated and run down.Friends of ours had their room changed 3 times before they got a bed that wasn't broken. We heard of several other disappointed couples that also had to change rooms because of the beds. There is no wireless internet, the TV channels were hard to see, the remote and the keyboard for internet on the TV did not work. We called up to the desk for a coupole of hours but nobody ansered the phone. We called every other extension - housekeeping, ect. Same thing - no answer. Finally we got in the car and drove (we were in one of the buildings the most distant from the front desk) and there was only one person there who said she never heard the phone ring and that she would send someone to fix the remote. No one ever came.We followed the lead of several others and after the first creepy night, checked out and stayed at the MGM Grand for only a few dollars more per night. The Alexis Park was very over priced for the tacky uncomfprtable mess they call an 'all suite hotel'. Don't be fooled by night time photos of this hotels pool area. The pool area looks nice by moonlight, and is by far the nicest area of the hotel, but is also in need of repair.	
Feb 14 2006 	Hotel Hell	No lie, the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. They spent all of this money putting in granite countertops, etc. The room I had the first night the matress was SO BAD I had to sleep on the couch. Why do a remodel AND NOT BUY NEW BEDS? I complained and they moved me to a &quot;better room&quot; at no extra charge. There were big water stains on the wall of the lower floor. The chair in the seating area had HUGE red ink marks where some kid had practiced drawing. The bed still had a huge dip spot in it. And to top it off; I touched the towel rack in the bathroom and IT FELL OFF OF THE WALL. Most of us from the seminar were checking out after the first night, and the rest of us will never forget.........	
Feb 14 2006 	Poor Customer Service	Credit goes to Alexis Park for huge rooms and suites in a Med/Tuscan style. It is also nice and quiet. If you want to gamble, it's a quick walk. I was here for a conference at the hotel so got to experience all types of staff interaction. The front desk customer service was terrible on multiple occassions on multiple different issues. Expect a pretty nice property, but don't expect service to match. Either staff was incompetent, not knowledgeable about basics of their property, or just not interested. Please note that my experience was echoed by several other guests during a Thursday to Sunday stay and the hotel was NOT full.All in all, I WOULD stay at the property again if I were driving into town and wanted a quiet resort and a more condo-like room with little interaction with staff. If I were going for resort with great attention to detail and service, then I'd go elsewhere.	
Jan 5 2006	Stay for NYE 2006	Location, Price, and Room size! 2 thumbus up!I stayed here with bunch of my friends to celebrate NYE 2006. I can't complain for the price for 3 nights given a suite room. We're all budget traveler &amp; I wanna say this hotel is outstanding in terms of the price, location, and room size. The room is big with a living room and bedroom upstairs. The place has a fabulous lobby, pools, and looks nice from the outside. It is less than 5 minute drive to the strip. I even walked to the hotel from the strip after NYE. If you're looking for a big room with a budget, try this hotel. It's worth for every single penny in Vegas.	
Jan 4 2006	Horrible Customer Service	I booked this so called &quot;resort&quot; suite because it was supposed to be my honeymoon trip. Big mistake! The hotel is an embarassment to drive up to, I am not sure what they are trying to do with the paint job but it looks awful. The room appeared clean, although I did find a huge bug that looked prehistoric in the bathroom. The rooms are dated, the &quot;spa&quot; tub is very unusual. It seats two people but it is small and deep, not very comfortable. The gas fireplace did not work, it was not even connected! When my husband called maintence, they hung up on him twice because they said he was yelling at them. (He is slightly hard of hearing and does tend to have a louder voice but he was polite the whole time.)When my husband finally went to the lobby desk to see what was going on....that is when maintence showed up, while I was in the tub. It turns out that none of the fireplaces in certain buildings work because the gas is not hooked up!! We were given a &quot;complimentary&quot; buffet breakfast to try to make ammends for the troubles. Not only was the breakfast terrible, they charged it to my Visa which I found out on this last bill! When I called the hotel to let them know what happened, whoever answerd the phone said &quot;HI!&quot; and when I asked if this was the Alexis Resort, he said &quot;yeah, it is&quot;. I had to call 4 times to get a hold of a manager. I have worked in customer service for almost 20 years and have never seen such uncaring staff. In the end, we only stayed one of our two scheduled days there. Needless to say, our honeymoon was memorable but not in a good way!	
Dec 11 2005	Resort ? No Way !	This place is dirty, the floors in the rooms aren't even or flat, the place needs a major remodeling, it doesn't have half of the features the other Discount Resorts in Las Vegas have, and if you can find a staff member (except in reservations, of course) they don't have a clue about activities, features, times, and events at motel.With dozens of discount resorts in Las Vegas, don't even waste your time thinking about this one.	
Nov 28 2005	Not a Kid or Soccer Place	We stayed here for a soccer tournament. The facility is somewhat dated, but it just doesn't seem well suited for kids. While there are outside pools, there weren't any kid friendly TV channels or other activities. Service was very &quot;slow&quot;. We had to ask that we receive sheets for our sleeper sofa. After 3 attempts and a second visit to the office, we did get the sheets an hour later. This wasn't untypical during our stay. Maybe it is just typical of what we saw of many places appearing short staffed in Vegas.	
Nov 21 2005	Much Better than expected	After reading some bad posts in here I was a little hesitant as to how this hotel was. Overall my experience was good, yes the outside of the hotel doesnt look great, but once we stepped in our room I was shocked to see that it was better than expected. We had the crown suite, it had a mini living room with a sofa bed, also a sink, a small coffee maker, a mini fridge, a closet and a restroom, upstairs it had the huge bed, and it was not uncomfortable, the shower was fine, this was my only problem very low pressure on the shower. In regards to the strip it is a little far if you walk, but in the car it's probably less than 5 minutes from the strip. The room was spotless when we got there and the maids cleaned it very well in this hotel. Parking was very convenient, that way you park right across your room. Overall, this was a good hotel, clean rooms, comfortble beds, close to the strip. I would not hesitate to come back to this hotel.	
Nov 3 2005 	I love the smell of cow manure in the morning...	How this place could ever get a good review is beyond me. The entire property smells potently like a cattle farm. I assume they just fertilized the grass, but come on people, cow manure? It is also NOT safe here. I am a single female traveler and they put me in the building farthest from the lobby at the edge of the non-enclosed property where I had the privilege of being leered at by the construction workers at the property next door every time I went to my room. The bed feels exactly like the hide-a-bed on the circa 1975 couch my fiance refuses to discard. The shower has, for lack of a better word, weird goo around the drain. The hotel is on the approach path for airplanes landing at the airport so the building shakes about every 4 minutes as a huge 747 flies directly overhead. As I turned on the A/C unit over the desk, it exploded ice all over my laptop. Avoid at all costs.	
Nov 2 2005	Good Hotel for Happy People	Recently stayed 4 nights at the Alexis Park Hotel ($75/night, try and get a suite for that price in Sin City). The hotel is directly across the street from the Hard Rock Hotel which is always fun to run into the musically inclined. We stayed in a standard Monarch Suite that has a large sitting area (living room) connected to the sleeping area. The space is nice to have people over, just make sure you pick up after yourself if you don't want your friends to see your unmentionables. Wet bar and fridge are good to keep snacks and cold drinks. Bed was a bit uncomfortable due to lack of padding. Electrical plug in the bathroom didn't work. The entire hotel complex is undergoing renovation, but we weren't bothered by it. If you don't need pampering and just want a good room at a great price then check out the Alexis Park.	
Oct 31 2005	Bad disgusting never again!	I wish I had read reviews about the Alexis Park *before* booking.The place has a fabulous lobby and looks nice from the outside, but the rooms were atrocious. The first room we were given wasn't made up, smelled horrible, and there was a lot of dried blood on one of the pillows. We demanded another room, and were given one in much better condition, though the bed was squeaky, there were gaps in some of the multihued bathroom tilework, mystery stains on the sofa, and one dead cockroach. On the plus side, it looked like the exterior had been recently painted and the pool areas looked clean.All this for $180 a night.This establishment advertises itself as a &quot;resort&quot; but should really be your last resort.	
Oct 30 2005	The Alexis Park is always fantastic	Two weeks ago my family had a huge birthday party for my cousin and I have to say that my experience at The ALEXIS was great. The front desk people have always been professional and prompt. The pools look good and parking is always available. The rooms are big. It is like staying at an apartment. I visit Vegas about five times each year and I have always enjoyed my stay there. It is the only place I will stay at.	
Oct 25 2005 	Don't stay at Alexis!	I stayed at the Alexis for a conference last week. What a disaster! The entire resort is just *tired* -- looks like a 70s style motel that's been cheaply renovated. They're halfway done repainting the motel buildings into a terra cotta stucco faux finish, but it looks &quot;faux&quot; and the colors from building to building don't match. The rooms were rehabbed, yet outdated. Some of the entryway tiles in my room were cracked and replaced with mismatched tiles. Other tiles were loose and would move when I stepped on them. The tiles around the shower were also &quot;peeling&quot; -- i didn't think that tiles peeled, but I never stayed at the Alexis before either - you learn something new everyday! :) Also, the remote controls for the TVs didn't work and one of the lightbulbs in one of the lamps were burnt out when I arrived. The worst part of my stay was when the water main broke and there was no hot water in the entire resort. It was the same day as my checkout and I would expect that one member of the staff would apologize and/or ask me how my stay was -- nope -- the front desk just handed me a receipt, no questions asked or apologies given for the water problem.This is definitely NOT a resort, it's an over-sized motel.	
Oct 25 2005	Great hotel great value	My family and I enjoyed our stay at this hotel. We drove all the way from Wyoming for my wife's sisters wedding. I was very glad to have been able to park our family van right by our hotel room. The room was much bigger than we expected and since we arrived ahead of schedule the font desk was very accomodating about checking us in a little early. One gal at the front desk (cant remember her name) was helpful in recommending where we should take our children for some fun.I would like to thank the entire staff ESPECIALLY the housekeeper who kept our room so tidy.	
Oct 21 2005	Great Stay-Great Rate	We spent three nights at the Alexis Park Resort and we had such a good time. The front desk agents were so accomodating and our room was so much nicer than what we had expected for the rate we paid. Every one of the employees we encountered were so friendly and replied to our requests promptly. We will definitely return to this hotel!	
Sep 25 2005	Disorganized so not a resort!	After reading all the reviews, I was skeptical about staying her. Mainly, for the bad reviews regarding the cleansiness of this hotel. However, this hotels biggest issue is a disorganized front desk. Since, we were on a budget for our wedding, we decided to give it a try anyway. Upon checking in, we were given a Queen Suite, after reserving a Loft Suite. After, spending 45 minutes trying to straighten this out, the person at the front desk tried to charge us for the room we didn't even check into. To make matters worse, our card, which we held the reservation with, was charged for the stay. Even though we paid cash for both the stay an incidentals, prior to arriving. When we discussed the matter with the front desk, they said no charges were placed on our card. We had to call the credit card company, while at the front desk. The card company had to tell them, &quot;yes, this card was charged by your hotel&quot;. As for the room. Once, we received the right one, it was clean and comfortable, except for the upstairs shower. It had severe mildew, and we actually had to buy cleaner to get it clean enough, for us to feel comfortable to take a shower. Overall, if I was on a budget when visiting Vegas again, I would look elsewhere, and only stay here as a last resort. By, the way, still waiting for the credit on our card to appear!	
Sep 22 2005	Not what it seems	More like a dorm. The rooms do have a fridge and a sofa but beware that &quot;two beds&quot; might mean one bed and a sofa bed.	
Sep 18 2005	Not a resort	This hotel had bad service in all areas except the housekeeping was decent. This place looks great from the website photos (which must be at least 10-years old) but look at the other reviewers photos that show how truly shabby this place is. Paint and plaster are peeling off the buildings around the pool area and the interior of our suite was very cheap quaility (plastic tub) with very poor finish work. There even was a hazardous, sharp piece of metal sticking up from the floor where a doorstop had broken off, the floor tile was cracked with chunks missing, and we had a room in the &quot;refurbished&quot; wing! The location was bad with lots of construction going on Harmon Road. We love to walk everywhere but it was very unpleasant to walk to nearby areas from this location with too much traffic and poorly lit street and sidewalks. If you have time to watch TV, forget about it. Channel selection and reception were both poor.We had ants in the bathroom and the air conditioner was horrible. The first night we'd go from sweating to freezing, with no happy medium. A little sign on the thermostat said not to set below 70 or the unit would freeze. We turned it down as low as possible and by the 3rd night, the AC unit next to our bed was dripping water all night with a water torture effect. I only got some sleep after using ear plugs. Someone was sent to fix it and all they did was turn the thermostat back up! On the same day, our electronic key stopped working, which made another extremely long wait in line in the lobby a necessity. As it turned out, they had us checked out of our room 2 days early! Another guest in line ahead of us, said it was his 3rd attempt to get checked into a room and one time, they actually put him in a room that was already occupied - it wasn't our room either, so they must routinely &quot;accidently&quot; check guests out of their rooms prematurely. The front desk service was extremely slow and each visit required a very long wait in line with other disgruntled guests. The thing that really ticked me off was their internet service. I signed up for a full day at 10 a.m., only to later learn the cut-off time is at noon! So, I had paid $10 for full day service for only 2 hours of actual service. After calling the front desk twice, they finally said they would reverse the charge. I later overheard another guest asking for a refund for the same reason, so this too must be an ongoing problem. After we checked out, I called the front desk and they confirmed that no extra charges were incurred on our account, only to later see that darn $10 charge show up on my credit card bill a month later. That really ticks me off because it is hardly worth my time to fight a $10 charge and they know it.This was one of the worst hotel experiences I have ever had. If you are considering a stay at the Alexis &quot;Resort,&quot; save your time, money, and peace of mind by staying elsewhere. It is NOT worth the savings you may think they are offering.	
Aug 14 2005	A home away from home	I booked my stay at the Alexis Park Resort while I was attending to a convention. I got a great deal when I booked my stay in advance. When I arrived to check in at the front desk, I only waited about five minutes before they served me. I asked if I can check in early and they checked me in quickly. They were very accommodating. The staff and security were friendly and very professional. The room I was assigned, was very nice, spacious and clean. The bed was very comfortable too. The room had a living room area and a kitchen bar. Plus internet access (for an extra charge). Room service was good and they made my bed and restocked the towels twice in one day. I will defiantly book my stay again. It was like a home away from home.	
Aug 5 2005	Nice but with some problems	We checked in quite late and were greeted at the reception by a rather abrubt, unfriendly receptionist who seemed to take forever checking us in. When we checked out, the service was no better. A different man at reception arrogantly said that the room would be charged to my credit card, and then when I said I had already paid for it through expedia, he just snapped at me at said, 'ok, fine', then moved on to the next customer. No apologies or nothing. Of course, when I got home, I glanced at my credit card statement and noted that I have indeed been charged for the room! What a joke. So, I now have to contact expedia and inform them so I can receive a refund. On a more positive note, the rooms are quite cheap. We stayed in a bungalow and it was lovely, spacious with a nice jacuzzi half way up the stairs. Criticism time again - the air conditioning was inadequate in the room. It wasn't even cool in our room, and bearing in mind 115 fahrenheit temperatures, you kinda need good air-conditioning. Also, our room was round the back of the building and faced a waste ground or something (cant remember exactly what). However, the breakfast was lovely, and inexpensive. The hotel offers free parking which is good and it is in a nice location, close to the strip, yet in a quiet position considering proximity. Again, another criticism is that, for some reason an outside attendant constantly felt the need to whistle loudly (to call in taxis I think), so I would pity anyone whose room was near the reception area as that would be all you would hear all night long! Yes, so overall review is good and bad. I would probably stay there again if only for the lovely bungalow.	
Jul 27 2005	you get what you pay for	After refusing to pay $300 a night for hotels on the Strip during Memorial Weekend I opted for this &quot;resort.&quot; I definitely do not think that resort is an accurate way to describe this place, it reminded more of an apartment complex. I had not done my research on trip advisor prior to going so I was not sure what to expect. I must say that had I read the reviews beforehand I would not have stayed here. BUT, I was pleasantly surprised. Check-in was quick and easy.The room was very big and looked like it was newly remodeled. Overall it was clean enough, I did not notice any stains on carpet, towels or sheets and I felt comfortable walking around barefoot. I am somewhat of a neat freak so this is a big deal to me. We did have a problem with housekeeping in that we left the room late afternoon and came back that night to find that our room had not been cleaned. We were only able to get clean towels after calling the front desk but room could not be cleaned as housekeeping staff had left for the day. the next day we made sure to call housekeeping prior to leaving for the day and thus ensured that our room was clean once we returned. The location is far off the strip but close to Hard Rock. I did not notice the airport noise but that is probably due to alcohol consumption....if you are a light sleeper the airport is definitely close by.	
Jul 27 2005	Don't Sweat the Small Stuff	If your the kind of traveler that needs alot of personal attention from hotel staff, this is not for you....If you want to stay some place economical and well located consider this place...Had the crown loft great space...The entrance to the hotel is misleading...the front of property does not look like the rest of the hotel. Renovations seem forever on-going, but after a few days you think they may be finished. Large pool not open. A/C wall units (3 in all) had some leaking problems and noisy. Front desk are not quick to the phones. Some no answer at all or busy signal. Room was clean, well stocked, furniture and room was in good condition and very spacious. Spa tub was nice. Would stay again, just keep your needs in prespective.	
Jul 20 2005	Bad Experience	My flight to vegas got cancelled, and they refused to refund me my money (prepaid), whereas circus circus did. Its off the strip and there are better places on the strip, or off.	
Jul 14 2005	I had a great time at the hotel	My friends and I went to Alexis Park in Vegas for my friends birthday. I was very happy with our room. It was big enough for my friends and I have a plenty of room. It was (4) girls so you know we needed plenty of room. THe staff was pleasant and the grounds were well kept. During my stay I even saw a beautiful outdoor wedding. THe hotel had done a really nice job. Overall my stay was excellent and I would go back again.	
Jun 9 2005 	Worst hotel ever	I stayed at the Alexis Park in Vegas recently. The hotel is in very bad shape. I was supposed to stay 4 nights, but left after 2. On the first night, the air conditioner broke. So they moved me to a room that had dead bugs laying on the bathroom floor and ants crawling all over the bathroom sink. It was disgusting and I highly recommend staying anywhere else. The website made the hotel look great, but it was a different story once I got there. Stay Away!!!!!	
Jun 3 2005 	Alexis Resort Problems	1) TV sets (approx 30&quot; x 30&quot;) in Alexis Park hotel rooms - were not secured, or bolted down. Could be a hazard. 2) Bathtub/shower unit did not have slip resistant bath mat or other slip prevention device. After housekeeping cleans tub unit - surface is very slippery - could be hazard to children or adults. No hand rail in tub area for elderly guests. Also, there is no bathroom fan.3) Pool, contaminated and closed for several days. Notices appear to be from the local health department. This situation continued for several days -without full disclosure from staff.4) Air conditioning did not work in all Alexis Park units. Fellow traveler had a room without air conditioning while temperatures exceeded 100 degrees. The windows do not have screens or security devices.5) Full Disclosure of Hotel Charges (no room document/staff untrained) The phone lines were often busy - I was unable to get an outside line for up to an hour. Not good in the event of an emergency. Room service charges a mandatory 18% that is not disclosed on room menu. Internet is available for $12.95 per day. (At time of booking room - I understood it was free.)6) Mini kitchen (small sink, refrigerator, 2 drawers and 2 good sized cupboads, bar with 2 bar stools) is not fully functional for guests. The refrigerator temperature is set too high - and food freezes. Turning down the temperature, caused refrigerator odor. The room we rented had a queen bed and a couch/bed. The room could sleep 3-4 people - but the coffee maker was a single serve - for 1 person. No can opener, no microwave oven (to warm tepid room service meals), no toaster, and no dishes or silverware. Hotel staff did not have dish cloths or dish towels. I have rented several hotels along the WA and OR coast with a mini kitchen - and ALL have a few dishes, a few pieces of silverware, hand can openers (dish cloths and dish towels) and a microwave oven. 7. Movie selection - is not current. TV programs: NBC, Fox, ABC, (Alexis Resort Personal Billing channel - that never had an accurate billing posted for my room, Station/Computer program - non functional),ESPN, ESPN 2, ESPN News, CNN, Headline News, Cartoon Network, Weather Channel, Las Vegas channel - non functional, TBS. NO PREMIUM CHANNELS.8) No Shuttle service to the strip or to the airport. From Alexis Park to the strip - is a very hazardous section of roadway. Cars and taxis are going from 45- 60 mph and make quick entrances into and out of properties along Harmon Ave. There is a sidewalk. Staff will tell you that the Hard Rock Hotel - across the street has a shuttle (to Las Vegas Ave) every hour on the hour. The Hard Rock shuttle does not charge for the service. 9) Alexis Park room amenities: Iron/ironing board, 5 hangers, queen bed (springs were terribly noisy), 3 drawer chest of drawers, 2 nightstands, couch/bed chair, 2 bar stools, small mini kitchen with single serve coffee maker and 2 coffee packets/2 condiment packets. Several towels were dingy and some had terrible stains, stains on the sheets as well. Laundry staff may not be using bleach for the laundry. No care is taken to provide clean looking towels and sheets.10) There was plenty of hot water for 2 nice long showers daily - and the hotel room was clean. My room had 4 sprinklers - and a working smoke alarm.11) Room keys stop working after 7 days. At the end of 7 days, the room key did not work. Staff did not alert guest to this standard issue at time of entry to hotel. Nor did staff member apologize for the inconvenience to guest. Front desk staff, not courteous to guests - a lack of common courtesy appeared to be standardThe stay at the Alexis was for business. It is known that several business associates stayed one night - and found better/less expensive housing in Las Vegas. For the record	
May 28 2005 	Never Again	I would rather sleep at a truck stop, the help would certainly be friendlier.After arriving at 4:00 I found a check-in line 15 people long and only two people working the front desk. After the 45 minute wait to actually talk to the desk staff, I was told that my reservation had been cancelled. At that point, the desk staf was simply done talking to me. &quot;Call Orbitz&quot; I was told while they called the next victim in line.Orbitz did fix my reservation, which was entirely a hotel problem and I was checked in. Luckily, my room was clean and remodeled. Other guests attending the convention I was with were not so lucky.The main pool and hot tub were condemmed by the county health department. The third floor open air patio over the convention center hadn't been cleaned since what looked like a new years eave party. The bar was horribly dark and smelled of 20 years of smoke and spilled drinks.I had a bit of trouble with the $10 / day high speed internet access in my room and called for help. After prommising to have the technician there as soon as possible, I was lucky to figure it out myself after waiting 6 hours.If you used the second pool you had to share it with ducks each evening.On Friday evening, every teeny bopper in town showed up to share a room and hang out by the pool, right outside my front door... there must have been twelve 20 year olds sharing one room.Room service trays stayed in the halls all afternoon.The ONLY saving grace for this place was my 700 square foot remodeled room. I would never stay there again if given a choice.	
May 28 2005	Great room decent price unique gem of a hotel	Well, I just got back from my most recent trip to Las Vegas. I stayed in four different hotels and had four totally different experiences. This hotel started off very very negative in that the line to check in was a monster and there was one check in girl who barely spoke english. The manager did come out to help and that moved things along. From an organization standpoint this place gets one star. That said let me tell you why I rated this four stars. First let me say there is no casino on property which is good. The place is super quiet and the rooms are nice nice nice. I stayed in the Crown suite and only paid $115.00 per night. A great bargain for a room that is two floors two bathrooms and a king sized bed. It even had a hot tub in the stairs very cool. I would highly recommend this place for a honeymoon couple that does not want the distraction of heavy casino traffic. You still getr great views of the strip. I cannot give this five stars only because I stayed at the Bellagio this trip and it is now my worldwide standard bearer for hotel rooms. This far exceeds the Aladdin which was my previous favorite but not a good as the Bellagio. I recommend highly. Feel free to e-mail me with any questions	
Apr 30 2005 	Not really great but the pools open 24 hours.	We stayed here for a convention that was happening at the Alexis Park resort in August 2003. We ended up having to stay in the farthest section of the hotel, all the way in the back. At least we had a car and we could drive over there with our luggage. The room was average. It was a suite with a pull out bed. If I recall there was a kitchenette. One thing that turned me off was the shoddy cleaning job that housekeeping did. I remember walking around with socks after they had cleaned and then looked at my socks and they were black. I don't think they ever mop up the floors in the kitchen or bathroom. Not to mention I could tell they didn't vacuum. The only thing that I enjoyed about the Alexis Park was that the swimming pools (there's 3) are not monitored and you can swim in them at any hour of the day. We were at the farthest so farthest from the lobby and hotel staff could not hear or see us. We would go swimming and sit in the hot tub late at night after we can home from partying. That was really fun. Especially since the water was so warm from the hot August days. I wouldn't really go back except for the swimming situation.	
Apr 15 2005 	Long lines at checkin	I booked over the internet and got a really good deal but learned a good leason....you only get what you pay for in life! The lines at check in were long, which i guess is normal for Vegas but to top it off the front desk clerks were so rude! They did not even apologize for the delay and really need a leason in customer service. The room was OK ( i liked the coffee pot) but housekeeping was not good-stained sheets, and they did not empty my trash. In fact, the garbage can did not even have a liner. The only good thing about the hotel (or should I say resort?) was the food-fabulous. By the way, where are the villas they are talking about?	
Apr 9 2005 	Only if there's a conference...or an amazing deal	The only reason why I stay here is because of DefCon, a 3 day binge-drinking-war-driving-goon-dodging-sleep-oppressing debauchery of a weekend. Being that DefCon is the only source of revenue for this hotel; they charge $159 a night for a basic room, which likely goes for $70 any other day. Be aware that some of the entry level rooms lack a wall between the bedroom and sitting area. This didn't matter for my party, we still got loads of space, but the wide open space was such a waste. Actually, the wide open space was useful for housing a herd of underprivileged and malnourished hackers who came to Vegas with nothing more than their Bluetooth converters. For conventions/parties, the setting is great. 2 storey complexes centred around several pools, lush landscapes, fabulous lighting, and all in the middle of the desert! Directly outside my room was a wicked party at 0300hrs. The impressive grounds make this place a little bit above a consummate dive.The rooms are nothing to run home screaming about. Simple bed. TV with limited channels (not that it mattered for the weekend I was there), bathroom with a plastic tub and a bloody LOW FLOW shower head. The kitchen thing was nice, you can jump on the CAT, ride down to wal-mart, and get yourself milk, cereal, red bull, vodka and such, and all have it stored in your fridge to save yourself from the, um, food that they have for sale. Interior decorating is nice. Desert colours. Nice track lighting above the &quot;kitchen&quot;, overstuffed couches, generally, a nice room to crash in. The air conditioning units work a little bit too well for my wussy Canadian body. I'm still amazed that those freakin' things can freeze your hands like its winter.Security guys were funny. Daft, as they kept disturbing sunbathers to ask if they were ok. Yet again, this was at 0800 on Sunday after a HUGE party, and they were likely concerned about people lying on their back after enjoying a few. Sort of scary those guys have had guns. Maybe it's because I'm Canadian.At the end of the conference, on Sunday at like 1500hrs, the resort was desolate with the exception of a few families checking in. I felt bad for them. Only stay at the AP if you're present for a conference (ON SITE) or you're in Vegas for a reason other than gambling and getting wasted. If you want quiet or something for the family, I recommend staying at the Westin which is a block north.I'll definitely return...for def con 13.	
Mar 28 2005	Nice Quiet close to strip.	I just stayed here for 4 nights and I was satisfied. If you want a quiet place to retreat too after your time on the strip this place is great. If you’re looking for entertainment around your hotel, don't stay here. Our suite was nicely furnished and very spacious. The staff was nice and we never had any lines at check in/out. It was a little cold to go swimming, but they said one pool was heated, but we couldn’t find it. We were at the casino's so much we didn't have time to swim. We had breakfast twice at Lucky's in the Hard Rock (right across the street), it was really good! Also you can ride the Hard Rock's shuttle to the Strip. It runs every hour (10am to 7pm) from the Hard Rock; just ask the Valet where to pick it up.Overall for the money we paid we were satisfied and would recommend this hotel to people who want a quiet place without the frills. It’s just a nicely furnished, spacious, clean place to lay your head at night.They are doing construction to the landscaping, driveway entrance, and front door entrance but that didn't bother us. The lobby has rendering posters up for future remodeling, but that hasn't started yet	
Mar 26 2005	Good If you can't get a room anywhere else	I stayed here 3/20-3/23 as a last minute trip to Vegas. It was a bad week to stay because of NCAA Tourney, Spring Break, and Conventions. Everywhere on the strip was ridicousely priced (excalibur was $190 USD a night, MGM was $300 a night), so it was either the crudey airport hotels (see reviews),downtown (seedy) or the Alexis Park Resort. I came across Alexis Park Resort on TripAdvisor and saw the reviews and decided to give it a try. I got a room from i4vegas for $80 USD a night, a good rate for that week.Yes, it is going through a major overhaul, the lobby is coming along and you can tell it is going to be nice. I wasn't lucky enough to get a remodeled room, but the one I got wasn't bad. The Room was very clean and large (calling the room a suite is an overstatement, its more like a very big room). The TV got Very Poor reception, but you do get free webTV. The Shower head is very low for some odd reason, so if you are tall its going to be tought to take a shower. If you go out late like I do (I dont usually dont get back to my room until about 5:00AM), be aware they do not have 24 hour maid service, their maids go home a 4:00PM, I found this out the hard way, so I couldnt get my room cleaned the second day I was there, but they did provide me with some clean towels. The place is a little dark, buy hopefully the upgrades will solve that. There are a few stray cats that hang around the grounds ( I also noticed some feeding bowls for them, so they will not be going away anytime soon). Parking is very convienent and is across the street from the Hard Rock. Check-out could only be done at the front desk which kinda stinks. All in all, the place is good to get some sleep, its close to the strip (about 1 mile), rooms are clean, and its not in a bad area. I would stay there again if I had too because it is clean and it does seem safe, but I think I would wait until the remodeling is done, which doesnt seem like its going to be done for a good few months.	
Mar 21 2005 	Motel anywhere USA - not for Vegas fun!	Hated this place - it's poorly lit (in Vegas, go figure!). Even local cabbies - if you could get one - couldn't find the place in the dark. The tremendous road construction made the hotel nearly impossible to get in and out - forget trying to walk anywhere without risking your life. The suite is a nice concept, but pointless unless you plan to hang around your room. We never used the living area. One phone was broken; one tv barely functioned. We could never get regular coffee for the cup-at-a-time coffee maker. One day, they left all decaf. The &quot;bellboys&quot; are a joke - who needs your bags unloaded (first tip) when you can drive them to your room yourself? Expect to pay a second tip when a different eager bellboy delivers the bags to your room. There are no vending machines except soda and ice cream, so bring your own snacks, and we had to wait forever to attempt to get breakfast in the restaurant. The &quot;kitchen&quot; has a small refrigerator, but nothing more. Cabinet space, but nothing to put in them. Even the trash cans never got liners. Pools are pretty, but good luck finding the spa.Would not ever stay here again or recommend it.	
Mar 11 2005	What a Peaceful Place	I have stayed at many Hotels in Las Vegas with gaming. The 24/7 action made me feel tension and stress. Always on the go. I stayed at the Alexis Park and it was wonderful. With the non-gaming resort I could have both worlds. The beautiful and mature landscape made me relax. I could not believe the rooms. They were all suites. The suite had everything. It was clean and comfortable with (3) pools for me to enjoy. I look forward to staying there again.	
Feb 26 2005	Large rooms great value!	I thought this hotel was a great value, paid $89 for a spacious suite. Fast check-in and quiet environment, unlike the casino's. But close enough to the strip, which they provided free shuttle to. Our room was clean and everything was in working order. Under renovations, but it looks like it will be gorgeous when it's done. I'll be back!	
Feb 23 2005 	Nice!	I'm surprised at all the bad things that I've heard, but I don't know what you'll have seen or experienced. It was an excellent stay for me and my wife. Great personnel, great food, great service! Definitley cheaper than other 4 star hotels (yep, they are 4 stars in my opinion).	
Feb 6 2005 	Here's a good review.	After reading all the trash reviews, I thought I would add my positive comments. The front desk personnel were very helpful. I had a miscommunication on my reservation about the type of room I reserved which they quickly corrected with little fuss. My room had been totally renovated (in building 23) and was very clean. My only complaints are: a minor squeak in the air conditioner, the fireplace didn't work (I assume it was turned off for safety reasons, but then why was it advertised?), and several machines in the workout room were old and in poor repair.Good points: Good housekeeping. Comfortable bed. Huge whirlpool tub. Clean furniture. Good soundproofing kept down airplane noise from nearby airport. Very adequate business center for checking emails, etc. Nice landscaping where it had been redone. For the money, much better than some of the other 3 star rated places I have stayed at in Vegas. I will stay there again.	
Feb 3 2005 	Don't even think about it	This property is definitely not a 3 star hotel. I got my reservations blindly through Hotwire. DO-NOT-DO-THIS! Prior to the purchase of my reservation, I had a phone conversation with a Hotwire Representative. The examples of 3 star hotels in the area given to me, included hotels like the LaQuinta &amp; the Marriott. What I got was The Alexis Park Resort. It looks VERY good in published photos. However it is currently under going a major restoration and as of this date, is far below the level of Motel 6.I had asked for a room that had been renovated. I was given a room that had several new items to include a brand new refrigerator &amp; bathroom fixtures. However the rest of the room, especially the bed and heater/air conditioner, were very old &amp; in dire need of replacement. The bed was rock hard &amp; squeaked loud enough to wake me when I would roll over in the night. The air conditioner/heater put out a musty smell when operating &amp; was so loud I had to turn it off to get to sleep.There's no exhaust fan in the bath room, only a small window. As far as the remodeling....they are painting the place RED. Kinda looks like the entrance to Hell. In my opinion it was poor value &amp; any Motel 6 would have provided more sleeping comfort!Just pass on this Hotel &amp; Hotwire as well because after repeated emails they still say...&quot;We have conducted a review of this property and have concluded that our star rating is accurate, and we do stand by that rating&quot;Do yourself a BIG favor &amp; look elsewhere.	
Jan 23 2005	It wasn't five star...	We found the room to be spacious and clean. When we arrived there is construction, the staff was friendly and helpful. The first room we were given was not made up, we were given another room with no problem.The room was very large, the beds were comfortable, and the bathrooms were both clean. Plenty of towels.The fireplace didn't work, which would have been nice. If you left food on the counter there were ants. But the room was not expensive and just the amount of space you had was worth it.	
Jan 7 2005	I have Stayed in Worse	I got the Alexis Park for New Years Eve after a bid on Priceline. I read the reveiws on here and was really scared. The front entrance still has some construction, but its not that bad. The lobby was very nice and my desk clerk was polite. I got a basic two room so-called suite. The outside of the building looks very old, but they are repainting and it makes it looks quite a bit better, but you can still tell that its old. The room I was in was recently renovated. They did an ok job, but cut so many corners that would not have cost that much more to do right the first time. They put a beautiful granite top on the bar... put they used the old painted 100 times wood bar frame below and hack cut the fridge in it. The interior doors are all old and should have been replaced. The lighting is very bad in the room. They have a sprinkler system and the sprinkler heads are hanging down about 1 1/2 inches. They should have some kind of covering around them to make a nice finished look. The bed was kind of hard, but the sheets were clean. Bathroom was fairly clean, but felt dirty because of the very poor lighting. I would stay here again if I got the place for dirt cheap and I could not get anything else in Vegas. Book Somewhere else like Palace Station or Las Vegas Club if you want a cheap room.	
Dec 10 2004 	Worst stay ever!!!!!	Booked this hotel hoping to find a nice non-gaming hotel close to a conference I was attending. Got to the hotel and wasn't sure if it was open or not. Could not even walk on the sidewalk to get into the front desk because of construction. It was late, I got my room and went to go and find it and was nervous because there was tons of plastic and caution tape covering the walkways and no lighting. Finally found it and opened the door to a nasty smell. The kitchen fridge was making loud noises as if it were going to explode. My room was freezing so I tried to turn the heat on or at a minimum the airconditioner off and the second I turned a button the cooler made a loud noise and started dripping water onto the t.v. set under it. After I grabbed towels to dry it off I sat down on the dirty couch to turn on the t.v. and the t.v. didn't work. I then decided I'd try and take a warm shower and the shower was filthy. I went to plop down on the bed and hit the bed as if I landed on concrete. Layed down to try and sleep and the thunder of airplanes flying over were so loud my room shook. Management and the owners of this location should close this hotel down! If you are making improvements good, but don't try and misrepresent the hotel and charge outragious prices for a complete dump and dangerous nights stay! I will never stay at this location or recommend anyone else to stay no matter how the improvements go. Do NOT BELIEVE THE PICTURES YOU SEE WHEN YOU RESEARCHING THIS HOTEL. IT IS A COMPLETE DIVE!!!!!!	
Nov 28 2004	Nightmare Stay Away!	Stay away from Alexis Park!My family encountered the following problems during our 6 day stay:No hot water for showers, two mornings.Squeaky heating/cooling unit, woke everyone up at 5:00 am, took two days to repair.Shower Door fell off, was never fixed correctly.No sheets on downstairs bed on arrival.Fireplace did not work.Light outside the front door, was burned out, like many other rooms.Bad cable T.V. reception.Annoying perfume like smell in room.Right next to L.V. airport, you can clearly hear the planes taking off and landing.Many areas under construction, including front entrance.Outside Hot Tub was shut down and drained, during the last two days of stay.Uncomfortable beds.The Manager, Linda Hutchison was rude and very hard to contact.Linda has very poor people skills and did not seem to be very concerned about all the problems.To be fair, most of the other people working at Alexis Park, were nice and professional.To summarize:The Alexis Park Resort is a very poorly managed and maintained Hotel.Our stay was extremely stressful and unsatisfactory. Do yourself a favor and stay away, It is by far the worst place I have ever stayed at.	
Nov 9 2004	Worst place in Vegas!	Do yourself a favor and stay anywhere but here! The rooms are dirty, the service poor, the grounds dark. No security, front desk staff will give your room number to anyone who asks. Also, you will hear planes flying very low overhead all day. We had no hot water the one day we were here. Was there for a conference and a large group of people just checked out. Not worth the money or pain of staying here.	
Nov 8 2004	The Worst Ever	This was the worst place I have ever stayed. They overbooked and bumped me. The suite I thought was going to be great, &quot;when I got in it the following night&quot;, was run down, the windows all had plastic over them so I had no view or light and the Manager left much to be desired. Be very careful in your travel plans and do not stay there.	
Nov 7 2004 	Only if the sidewalk is too cold...	I stayed at the Alexis for the SEMA trade show. Totally misrepresented. Overpriced.Paid $92 per night on Hotwire. Front entrance is all torn up with construction, lobby is tired and unkept. Service is likely weary of handling all the complaints. Indifferent desk staff. Room was dirty, had footprints on tile, carpet dirty and unraveling, bathroom had hair and dirt in corners, Internet modem was missing, nice man came to fix it and all that did was charge my room for the service and never worked. Neither did net in Business Center (a closet with 2 pcs and a printer) Complaints were handled by a somewhat helpful desk manager, Linda, who found another room the next day, which was much cleaner but I believe it was done to quiet me down.This room was better but far below par and none of the property was as described. Internet required a jumper cable, they said I could buy it from the desk for $10. Fat chance. Pool area was torn apart and exterior was being painted.Beds were horrible, springs pressing into your back all night, reservation was wrong.Hotwire seemed concerned about the complaint and is investigating the hotel.To add insult to injury, friends stayed at the Luxor for $129 per night. Never again.	
Oct 4 2004 	Don't do it!!!!!!!!!	This &quot;hotel&quot; was grossly misrepresented on their Web-site. It was by far one of the seediest, tackiest hotels I have ever seen. It is under construction and we weren't even sure it was open when we pulled up. There were very few cars in the parking lot and not a sole to be seen. The area is very poorly lit and it made me very uncomfortable. My room smelled like Mothballs and I had an asthma attack as soon as I opened the door. We ended up moving to a major casino on the strip and not staying there, because I literally couldn't breath in my room. I was there attending a conference and our session had to move on the first day because you couldn't hear over the jack hammers and construction noise. One of the attendees from my conference had someone try and break into her room. When she spoke to the hotel manager (who was a woman) she was told &quot;that happens all the time&quot;. That's not exactly what I would call a compassionate customer oriented person. If you like seedy, tacky hotels that smell nasty, then the Alexis Park is the place to stay. If not, I recommend a hotel chain you have heard of.I will tell everyone I know to NEVER stay in this Hotel. It reminded me of what hotels would probably look like in downtown Baghdad	
Aug 25 2004	Enjoyable resort like hotel	My husband and I really enjoyed the Alexis. It is a bit off the beaten track and quiet. We stayed in a 2 level suite with a small hot tub in the room. It is an older hotel but well run and comfortable.	
Aug 14 2004	ups and downs	I was attending a conference so enjoyed the quiet, small scale of the place; well layed out; oasis-like; much greenery in this small-scale, unprentious place. About a mile from the Strip, which I walked during cooler May weather.Rooms are spacious &quot;suites&quot;; separate bedroom, a plus for those with kids or different time-clocks. Kitchette is simple, no stove, but decent frig. space to keep juices, milk, sandwiches for breakfast, lunch. Of the 3 pools, only one is working; the others make a good waterview in this desert area; lounging at any time is pleasant among the trees/birdcalls.Good casual and fancier restaurants on site, but no competition for Vegas dining. Friendly staff. Resort lacks the quiet glamor of the past, when &quot;suites&quot; were for upscale patrons. Has a slightly rumpled look, a bit out-of-place in glitzy Vegas. That's what I liked about the place! You have all the glitz/glamor a quick cab or shuttle ride from resort.	
Aug 10 2004	Great value just off strip	Quiet retreat just off the strip. Each building only 2 stories high. Parking close to room. Surprised at large accommodations- 2-room suite. Hotel does not have gambling, so very quiet. Good value alternative to large hotels on strip. Although hotel is older, it is clean and well kept. Would stay there again.	
Aug 10 2004	Where's the 25 acres of gardens?	My main problem with Alexis Park is that they WILDLY misrepresent themselves!!! If they called themselves something along the lines of an economy lodging sort of close to the strip, I'd think they were at least a somewhat decent value for the money (I paid about $65 a night).As it was, I got this hotel thru hotwire, where it represented itself as being a 3 1/2 STAR SUITE RESORT HOTEL. Of course as soon as I got the name of the hotel I looked it up on TripAdvisor and saw all the negative reviews, so at least I was prepared for what I got...which was a property that looked like a cheaply made over apartment complex from the 70s which some company figured they could, with the right advertising, pass off as an all suites hotel. When I called up the hotel directly, I was put on perma-hold and forced to listen to a shpiel about the property which, amongst other exagerated claims, tells about 25 acres of gardens. I'm not sure where those gardens are, but they certainly aren't anywhere near this hotel! The landscaping is pretty much like any $500 a month, get your first month's rent free type apartment complex, which is pretty much what this place really is! The rooms are NOT suites, the furnishings are incredibly tacky and cheap, the air conditioner is god awful loud, the walls are paper thin...HOWEVER, my room was pretty darned clean!	
Jul 13 2004	Not as bad as some say...	I booked a room to this resort via Expedia for a very, VERY resonable rate considering we went for the 4th of July. We stayed July 3rd-5th (including a Sat. night) for ONLY $139! Check in only took about 10 minutes. The lobby was well kept and had many blooming potted orchids on the counter. The person behind the desk was friendly and offered good directions to get to our room. We were surprised at the size of the resort! Our room was clean and everything worked, although we did not try the iron. It was not a true suite because the bed was not located in a separate room. However, it reminded me of a studio apartment. You could tell where the &quot;bedroom&quot; was in relation to the &quot;living room.&quot; The &quot;living room&quot; area had a couch and squishy chair with a coffee table and lamp. There wasn't much drawer space but that was not important to us. The television offered a limited selection of channels. The wet bar area had a scary older mini fridge that worked, no microwave and a coffee maker that made a personal cup a coffee each time (i.e. it did not have a coffee pot). The bathroom was clean and well stocked with linens and soaps. The shower head was a bit low but the tub was a nice size. We weren't given any bubble bath the first night but the 2nd night a bottle was left for us. The queen bed was old and squeaky but still comfortable. The air conditioning was nice since it was over 100 degrees outside. There were 2 units controlled with one thermostat. One unit was placed blowing cold air onto the bed which made sleeping difficult but the vent was adjustable and the problem was quickly solved. No internet available for free. You can pay $9.95 to use it from noon today to noon the next day, no pro-rated time. No free phone calls whatsover. We only used the smaller pools, which were open 24 hours. They were very shallow and had issues with insects floating in the water. The 24 hour hot tub was a good temperature, not too hot, but it was also full of floating insects. The larger pool looked nice but we didn't get a chance to use it while we stayed there. During the day towels were plentiful in the clubhouse but by night they were all used and not restocked. It is quite evident that this is not the newest place. However, it's also not the most run down place as some say it is. I'm not sure how the &quot;stars&quot; and &quot;diamonds&quot; ratings on some website work, but this place is definitely nicer than the Motel 8 that some people we knew were staying at (and they paid only $10 less). Our check out was super fast, only about a few minutes and we were done! Considering that we went to Las Vegas during a busy holiday weekend, this was a great experience for us! We got more than we expected since we paid so little for the room. My boyfriend and I will definitely consider staying at Alexis Park Resort again.	
Jul 12 2004	It's a motel not a resort!	Alexis Park Resort is a motel. A very large motel with run-down rooms and very plain surroundings. There are something like 15 buildings in their charmless complex. My husband and I just returned from a road trip out west where we stayed in wonderful resorts in Utah and Arizona. Alexis Park is seedy and run-down. We bought our room night on Hotwire (beware the one that's called &quot;best value&quot; with resort and suite as indicators. Yes, our room was large but it was run-down, almost thread-bare, the bath plumbing was miserable and everything was old and used looking.We know there are really no deals to be had in Vegas but this confirmed it.	
Jul 3 2004 	Student Council Adviser Stayed there 7 days and had nothing but trouble	Got there(In 100 dgr weather) with 16 people all had wrong rooms had single beds in them even though I reserved them in Nov 03 (10 Rooms) with two double beds. Then was moved the AC did not work and for 3 days they tried to fix it and could not moved again (3rd time) and even then the AC fouled up had to get maintenance at 2AM to come in and stop the AC racket and defrost, what a nightmare..Mgr comped 4 days after my complaining .. Said he would comp 6 but reneged on that. Not very personable(his name was Dave. and saw another mgr named Linda Hutchins and she was even more unpleasant.. Can't see my self staying there again even for free...However the grounds were nicely kept and the help(except Mgrs) were very pleasant and tried to help as best they could.	
Jul 1 2004	Not as bad as I thought it would be!	I just returned on June 30 after a three night stay here for a conference. After reading some opinions I was worried. The hotel was full but check-in went fine and everyone was very nice. My room was large and clean (I was concerned about this).The sink had a odor to it but I was only over there to use the counter to iron on. The pipes were loud from the room next door when someone took and shower. The shower needs to be replaced but I think they are doing that building by building. We stayed there, I am sure, because we were there with high school students who were housed with familes. It is not somewhere I would stay when we visit Vegas but it did fill our needs.	
Jun 17 2004	Not fabulous but I'd stay here again	My first try posting a hotel review, please forgive any errors I make.Stayed here for one night (Saturday 6-12-2004 on a Priceline $90 bid, total was $106.02); not bad for a Saturday night only stay(?). Overall a good stay. I would stay here again.Took approx 30 minutes to check-in (not bad for 2 pm Saturday afternoon in Vegas?). No mention of Priceline, just the typical &quot;Your room has been prepaid, require a credit card for incidentals,&quot;. All friendly smiling reservation clerks on a Saturday afternoon in Vegas! Off strip, older resort with no casino. Located across street from the Hard Rock. 3 pools in complex (1 larger with jacuzzi area), many two story buildings with the pools located between. Complex and room was very clean. Everything (buildings, rooms, decor, etc) looked used and slightly worn but ok. All suites resort, mine was a smaller king bed suite but plenty big. Breakfast bar area had 2 chairs, wet bar/sink, small refrigerator, some storage shelves/space, no dishes or silverware. Sitting area had sofa sleeper, comfy chair, end table, coffee table, 32 inch TV on top of storage cabinet (only two small drawers). Sleeping area had two end table, a small desk with chair, and comfortable king size bed. There was a small (3 foot or so wide) closet with 6 hangers along with an iron and ironing board. Bathroom had nice big tub and shower along with a small sink and counter area. Also a hair dryer which I didn't use. Room had two air conditioners controlled by one thermostat; worked great as temp outside was 100 but it was nice and cool in the room. Southwestern decor, not my favorite but seemed ok. There were several lamps around the room so lighting was very good, even the bathtub/shower area had a light with a separate switch. Easy access to parking completely surrounding the complex so you could park (free) relatively close to your room. Not much of a view of Vegas and the landscaping was ok but not great.	
May 5 2004	you get what you pay for	Our group stayed two nights at the alexis park. i have read many reviews of this hotel some very good and some very bad. but lets all use some common sense and realize that overall you get what you pay for. this is an older hotel and at one time it was probably very beautiful. it has become run down with time and is in need of some major improvements, but, with those improvements the price increases accordingly ......... we payed a total of $150 for two WEEKEND nights compared with $249 for one weekday night at the rio. the alexis park does need some work and is not a 4-star hotel ....... but you are not paying a 4-star hotel rate.	
Apr 27 2004	Never again	We just returned from Las vegas last night. We stayed at the Alexis because I had stayed there before and found it convenient to the strip with out being on the stip. The time I stayed 4 years ago the room was of need of updating so I checked to see if they had updated the rooms and they said they had and were under new management. It was somewhat convenient as we were traveling with a baby and thought since its on one level would work out best. The rooms were missing light fixtures parts with bulbs hanging down and bulbs out. Forget the mini bar area didn't even have a coffee pot so requested one and was told there were no cups or coffee. Big help. The groups that were there were very loud and were not pleasant to be around at the pool. Won't be returning.	
Apr 23 2004 	Poorly Staffed Run-Down Party Hotel	The Alexis Park was nothing like I expected. Our $159 room reeked of cheap deodorant spray, dried blood was on the shower head, the seats by the room's wet bar were horribly stained, the beds were rock hard. The rooms had absolutely no view. Checking in and out can take as much as an hour due to the lack of front desk staff (and phone calls to the front will be ignored). To make it worse, it's difficult to get a cab at the Alexis. During our stay, the rock band Phish was playing 3 sold-out shows nearby and the hotel was full of Phish &quot;heads&quot;. They checked in with cases of booze, coolers of beer and little clothing. One afternoon they had a party out at the pool with a DJ: thumping music, booze (the hot tub was full of screaming people tossing cans of beer and spraying water all over). One of the rooms even had a music/light show going on inside. You can do much better than this hotel. The room prices are too high for such run-down accomodations and lack of staff (polite as they may be).	
Mar 29 2004	Okay place for an okay price	This hotel was just okay. The term &quot;suite&quot; is used loosly. It was just a large room. There was no microwave, but there was a large kitchen area with small fridge. It was a strange setup (nothing to cook with but a lot of room for cooking.) Beware not all &quot;Monarch&quot; suites have two rooms. TV reception was terrible. They made an attempt to fix it, but it didn't help. Only 1 small pool is heated. The other 2 are not and the large pool was never open during our stay (Spring Break 2004) There are no tennis courts (some sites say they have them) and the monarch suite does not have a jetted tub (only a large garden tub.) The price was okay but not great. I think I will stay at the Residence Inn next time (not far down the road off Paradise.) This place was nothing special.	
Mar 27 2004	We were PLEASANTLY surprised!!!	We booked our flight/hotel package online...the first time we had ever done so....just before we walked out the door to catch our flight I found this site and printed off the reviews to read on the plane.My wife and My hearts sank the further we read on about the Alexis Park...we decided that our holiday wouldn't be ruined as we'd only be sleeping there anyway....ya...ya...ya.We found the front desk clerk very friendly upon checking in so that was a plus.We were totally shocked when we got to our room and found this gorgeous suite(Monarch Suite) complete with a separate bedroom and TV with a huge jacuzzi tub,separate shower for two and enough towels for a family of 6....not sure why you'd want to take your family to Vegas however....this town is NOT a place for children. We had room service the next morning and the attendant could not have been more pleasant and polite. We found the pool areas clean and never a fight to find a place to lounge in the sun....oh....they may want to fix their lounge chairs...few would adjust to sit up......and perhaps March weather has not yet warmed the pool water....was a bit cold to swim in even tho the outside temp was in the high 80's. Other than that we had a wonderful stay there.....we enjoyed the fact that you could get away from the gaming areas by being at a hotel without gaming....nice and quiet. We will come again......and will certainly be recommending it to our friends.	
Mar 23 2004	Poorly Run Business	I did not stay here, decided to stay on the strip. However - although they told me my account was credited for the deposit, it has not been in five weeks. I have called the accounting dept. EIGHT times and gotten no answer, including calls to management. I have left FIVE messages over a period of two weeks and no one has called me back even though I have told them how many times I have called and asked for someone to PLEASE CALL ME! I have now had to dispute this charge with Visa. I am so glad I did not stay here.	
Mar 22 2004	After numerous stay still love Alexis Park!	An excellent choice for non-gaming stay; as frequent visitors to Vegas, Alexis Park has remained, after numerous stays, a favorite place to stay. They have a bar/grill and a nicer restaurant, and a large lobby with numerous chairs and couches, as well as a small gift shop.It has REAL suites, with even the smallest, the Monarch, being like a small apartment. Pricing for the Monarch is usually under $100!The property is laid out like an apartment complex, with great grounds to stroll through, numerous pools and spas; the fitness center here is free for hotel guests (unlike so many other LV hotels). They have a great fitness center, too - machines, spa, showers ...with more towels available than you can count - his and her wet areas are, of course, separate -Can't believe the negative reviews - the entire resort was recently sold (stayed last Dec. 2003), and all the rooms have been remodeled. All changes from here on should be positive, due to capital influx.This is a non-gaming resort located on Harmon west of Paradise, just across from The Hard Rock, where you can catch a shuttle to the strip, if needed.One word of warning - although units are large, there is no dining table in the suite - kitchen/ bar area has fridge and sink, but no microwave -also, there are no stairs if you get an upstairs suite.	
Feb 25 2004	Not the best	Just visited here. It is an OK place. The common area was nice and the restaurant food was super. The rooms are something less than I expected. Doesn't look like the pictures that is for sure. The rooms need updating. They are run down and need paint, furniture, and appliances. The exteriors needed paint also. Staff was really nice. There are better deals for the $$. It is also about 9/10 ths of a mile from the strip.	
Jan 24 2004	Less Than Expected	Stayed there recently for a business meeting. Overall an OK place to stay, but many basics were lacking, including in-room coffee and a complimentary newspaper. Housekeeping staff failed to replace soap and shampoo, and the high speed internet didn't work during the entire four night stay. Lounge closed at 10:00 each night, even though several guests would have paid to stay much later. If you can get a good rate, stay. If not, go elsewhere.	
Jan 12 2004	Do not stay here!!	This is possibly the worst hotel ( operates like that of a cheap motel) in Las Vegas. The rooms are large but have numerous problems ie.. phone lines not working, HVAC units not operating, water pressure, bad lighting and bugs. Do not even attempt to contact the front desk over the phone. It took over 20 minutes until the phone was even picked up and then we were on hold for another ten minutes and all this to put in a wake up call. The property does not have a very safe feeling to it, to many dark areas and is not located in the best part of town. We will never stay here again.	
Dec 2 2003	A lot better then expected.	We arrived @ 9 am Saturday morning and did not think they would let us check in until check in time. But no they were very pleasent and let us check in @ 9am to my surprise. The outside is pretty worn down and I was kinda nervous but the inside was really nice. The bath tub was huge and the water pressure was perfect. Everything was great. For only 49.00 and not having to deal with a casino and all the smoke and noise it was perfect. We arrived @ 9am Nov.23 and left 24th Sunday @ 2:00. I would say it is not for everyone becuz it is far from the normal out of contro Vegas Hotel...	
Dec 1 2003	Alexis Park - no welcome here	We visited the Alexis Park all the way from the UK and although we couldn't grumble about the price -our deal of $70 a night was good value - we were very disappointed with our welcome. The receptionist was totally uninterested in us when we arrived and gave us no information whatsoever about the hotel. and nor was there any in the room. The suite was OK if rather dark although the kitchen was dirty and on the middle one of our three nights there the trash wasn't emptied. Not a bad deal but if you're going in November, as we did, and are prepared to wait till you get there we reckon you can get a better deal on the spot.	
Nov 4 2003	Great	I was suprised to see all the negitive reviews. We had a bedroom and a spacious living room. Room service was good. And the rooms were wonderfully decorated and very clean. The lobby was spacious and nice, my friends and I hung there till 2am, because it was so compy and nice to relax.	
Sep 17 2003	Not Worth The Money	As a 30 year resident I have stayed at many of the local hotels. With that said I can assure you that you do not want to stay at Alexis Park. On the weekend that I stayed there they were hosting a company pool party until 1am. Loud music could be heard inside my room making it very hard to sleep. There was a walkway just outside my window and the conversations of those passing by could be heard inside. The windows dont have adequate sound insulation. I sent a letter to Alexis Park but never received a response.	
Sep 15 2003	No hassles and spacious!	I don't know what happened with all the other people who stayed her but this is one of the better places I've stayed in Vegas. I'd stay here again anytime. Don't expect much luxury--it's more like a one-bedroom apartment. They are all suites, and are spacious, the beds are comfy, and the lobby area is enormous! It's right over by the Hard Rock and Ellis Island. I liked that it didn't have a smoky casino and that it wasn't right on the strip. Some of the fixtures are a little cheap, and the shower head must be good for a four-foot tall person, but that's about it for the downside.. I guess if you just plan on staying in your room and ordering room service, this isn't the place for you, but if you're looking for a convenient, quiet place with nice large units, it's perfect! Tip: try to get an upstairs unit if you plan on sleeping in. It's popular with families so there are lots of slamming minivan doors and arguing siblings in the morning.	
Sep 3 2003	Not bad as expected with reviews	Read all of the negative reviews. Was expecting to be disappointed, but was impressed upon arrival at the Alexis. Rooms of the $69 suite were very large and neat. TV and air conditioner in each room - small fridge was a great benefit. Grounds and pools very clean and well kept. The only somewhat bad thing I can say is that the air condition had a slightly moldy smell. I needed a band-aid from all the walking we did. Gift shop was closed (out to lunch) but the front desk was quick to send Security to our room with a handful of band-aids free of charge. Shuttle service to the strip was just across the street (make sure you check service schedule at Hard Rock for changes). If you want or expect the Aladin, Mirage or Bellagio stay there, otherwise your stay at the Alexis should be pleasurable. We'll definitely stay there again and recommend it (if you're not looking for slots in the lobby). Nice experience.	
Aug 27 2003	Do not stay here	We were sorely disappointed with our stay here. The first room we went to had no working lights. Second was fine until food was brought in, then the ants came. They did come and spray, but the spray was too overpowering and had to move to another room. Third room the toliet leaked when flushed. Mind you this was all on the first night of our stay. We finally got into the fourth room and in the morning when we attempted to take a shower the faucet fixture fell out of the wall. Needless to say, we were going to move to another hotel. Only then did they offer a room upgrade or any kind of compensation. We didn't want either. We quickly called around and moved to the Amerisuites and enjoyed the rest of our time in Las Vegas.	
Jul 31 2003	A Little Above Average	Strengths - Close to airport. Nice clean pool. Towels provided on pool chairs. Decent gym. Decent friendly staff. Air conditioning unit monitored very well.Weakness' - No fan in the bathroom for ventilation. Sloppy, food trays left in corridor for one full day and night. Concierege does not go out of way to help. I had to call her off her computer before she finally came out. No coffee pot in room. No access to one of the pools on Sunday afternoon/evening because Las Vegas models posed in the pool.	
Jul 23 2003	Save your Money	Horrible service, horrible rooms, horrible location.	
Jul 9 2003	Somewhat disappointing	Had to change rooms - A/C unit was making such a racket that no one could sleep. When maintenance finally came, they said they couldn't fix it because the A/C units are old....as well as the rest of the hotel. Doors don't shut properly (some are warped from age), simple things such as lamps having burnt out bulbs (no one ever came by to replace them although we requested it), found hair in food (room service). Fortunately they didn't charge us for that plate. Not cracked up what it should be, you'd be better off in a budget motel. Old place, should be torn down.	
Jun 2 2003	Loved the Alexis	My sister and I did extensive research and ended up booking at Alexis Park. We wanted a suite, OFF the strip, a pool and a great rate. We stayed a full week in June of 2001 and thoroughly enjoyed the hotel. Did not eat in the cafe but did use the pool and found it to be fine. Our suite was large, the rate was excellent, the limited contact with the staff we had was fine and the location was great. Cleanliness level seemed to be fine; I have no memory of any problem. Believe me, we would have called if there had been an issue. Very quiet, not a lot of people around. I would much rather stay there than have to deal with the hordes on the Strip. I would hate to have to walk through a lobby in my robe on the way to a pool. Ours was just out the door. Would definately go back. A short drive to shopping.	
May 19 2003	What a hole	The reason I stayed was for a conference held at this hotel. If I knew better before I would have booked something on the strip. My reservation was not the room I received, the room had peeling paint in the shower, the bathtub was filthy, the tv remote didn't work, the refrigerator didn't work, and it was infested with moths. (We killed an average of 6 everyday in our room, even climbed out of the pay phones.).We asked to change our room, which they did, but said that a king or non-smoking room if requested is not guaranteed upon arrival by the hotel.The next room was nice, but the towel racks weren't on the walls, the brackets were, but the racks weren't. I overheard our cleaning person on the phone saying she had been asking for this a week now.I asked the front desk, they wouldn't cash a traveler's check. We even had trouble getting change for a $20.Nobody seemed to want to help, their response were always short and quick.I wouldn't recommend to anyone.	
May 15 2003	Nice and cheap	I found the Alexis Park to be what I expected. The room was clean, the hotel was cheap and I had no problems with it whatsoever. Right across the street from the Hard Rock was nice, they have a free shuttle to different parts of the strip.I'd stay here again.	
Apr 26 2003	3 Stars	Stayed in Alexis Park for one Sat night, April 19. The room was neat and clean. Both bed sheet and bath towels were also very clean. There were two TVs, one in the living room and one in the bedroom. Had a good night sleep, which was all I needed. And did I mention the room was only $55 on Sat?	
Apr 8 2003	If you want service go elsewhere		
Apr 1 2003	thumbs down		
Mar 28 2003	Lost luggage at hotel bell boys.		
Mar 18 2003	A Good Value		
Jan 4 2003	Convenient location / Relatively Inexpensive		
Dec 30 2002	Fancy Red Roof		
Aug 21 2002	Will not honor your reservation		
Jun 7 2002	Not worth the money		
May 29 2002	Pleasantly surprised!		
Oct 14 2001	Highly reccomended		
Sep 17 2009 	Eine Bewertung fällt schwer		
Mar 19 2009 	Sympathique		
Sep 21 2008 	???????????		
