	Not one of our better Renaissance experiences	We stayed in the hotel for three nights over Thanksgiving 2009. I stay frequently at Marriott brand hotels and this hotel had many of the familiar positive attributes of a Marriott but also had some drawbacks. I doubt I'll return to it on my subseqent Las Vegas trips.Check In: Arrived at 9 p.m. Waited for 7 or 8 minutes to check in while the sole person at registration was speaking with another guest. The front desk representative was not overly friendly nor was he rude or unfriendly, but we didn't feel a warm or professional welcome was provided. He seemed rather uninterested in checking us in.Valet and Bell Staff: Quite exceptional. Cars brought in a very timely fashion, always professional and friendly. Luggage handled well.Room: Had a separate glass shower with a very small separate tub. The room is of moderate size and had the usual great Marriott bed and bedding/pillows. The carpet already looks worn in the room and hallways and this hotel is not that old. The coffee maker/tea/coffee etc. is all in the bathroom as there isn't a lot of other space in the room. It does have a desk and a small refrigerator and safe and a moderate size TV and one chair, which is also quite worn.Housekeeping: Very good. I'm particular about housekeeping issues and I was very pleased.Internet: Big disappointment. There was hard wired Internet, which was free in the club level rooms, where we were located but this hotel charged $1 per minute to use the computer and internet in the Club Lounge. This is the first Renaissance hotel I have stayed at which charged for Internet and computer use in the club lounge. Way over priced.Room rate: They had good specials at this hotel and our room was a good value for the money we spent:Restaurant (The Envy): Excellant. Although I don't know that I'd return to stay at the hotel I would definitely return to the restaurant. Several friends who reside in Las Vegas had recommended the restaurant. I had a birthday celebration here and the service was incredibly and the food extraordinary.Club Lounge: Only moderate at best. They charge for the alcohol, which is different than the Marriott and Renaissance hotels we frequent (which are often international locations) and the lounge looks a bit worn also. There was always only one attendant in the lounge and she was quite pleasant, but the TV was blaring and during one of our trips to the lounge there were many young children running around playing hide n' seek and making it a noisy atmosphere.Ambience: Overall, we didn't find this hotel to be plush or have great ambience. There was nothing that was horrible about the hotel but we just didn't find the service to be fantastic. The front lobby was often filled with really loud and noisy, and sometimes obnoxious sports team members, which the staff did nothing to control. I prefer the Marriott Suites, which is a couple of blocks from this hotel.Location: We chose it because we prefer to stay off the strip as I am usually here visiting family or on business and not here for the gambling. The location is fine and is next to the convention center. It is a $10 taxi ride to the main part of the strip or you can use the monorail, which has a stop right next door.Pool: Small pool on main level with a decent small lounge area.	
Nov 16 2009 	Plush hotel - and QUIET! No Casino! Very classy	My husband and I did a priceline &quot;name your price&quot; deal and didn't know where we would end up. Honestly, when I first heard that we were going here, I didn't know what to expect, but I was pleasantly suprirsed! Beautiful, modern, chic, plush, and NO casinos in the hotel. After spending all day in Vegas, sometimes it's nice to go back to a quiet oasis. Very classy place. The rooms were EXACTLY as shown in the hotel pictures on the website. My hubby loved the modern feel. Service was good, but I did have a problem with my room keys not working ,and when they said that they fixed it, they didn't. I had to call security, and that was a bit frustrating. The next morning I had to wait FOREVER to speak to the concierge about recommendations for a good breakfast buffet. She was on the phone for about 10 minutes before she had a moment to speak with me. It wasn't really really her fault, but perhaps she should have an assistant of some kind. We didn't visit her the night before because there was a line. All in all, though, the service was pretty good with those we even bumped into in the elevators,and we have found our NEW favorite place to stay in Vegas. Glad priceline landed us here. (oh yeah, the monorail is closeby, and we found in very convenient and a much faster way of traveling the strip)	
Nov 3 2009 	Luxurious hotel off the strip	We stayed for one night while in Vegas. Parking is free, as is valet. Check-in was great and the staff from start to finish were extremely helpful and nice. Any issues we had were attended to immediately. Our room was gorgeous and very clean. The bathroom had a separate glass shower and soaking tub. The bed was oh so comfy! This hotel is not directly on the strip, but the staff can arrange a cab or other transportation at the drop of a hat. It is right next to the convention center in the event that you would need to be close to it. The internet was not free (I believe $12/night or so). If we go back, we would definitely stay again.	
Oct 18 2009 	Great overall experience. Good staff good property good attitude.	Just returned from attending a conference that was next door at the Convention Center and am SO GLAD we chose to stay at the Renaissance.Was just a 4 minute walk to the convention center and a great place to come back to in the evening after a long day.Decent size room, clean, fresh feeling bathroom. Good quality TV and nice linens. The staff are very helpful and all the doormen and desk folks that we dealt with had a very happy attitude.I ordered one room service dinner and one breakfast. Dinner was very good but the breakfast was disappointing. When I complained about the breakfast, they were very concerned and brought me a new one right away. It was just OK. They really tried to make it right, but it is difficult to do eggs and pancakes right via room service.The only real negative was the pricy internet. Geez!We did their tasting menu in their full service restaurant on our first night. It was a bit overpriced, but it was very good. The wine selection and the food were a pleasant surprise at this business hotel. I would definitely recommend the restaurant.	
Oct 18 2009 	Quiet attentive service	As a solo female traveler attending a convention at one of the larger strip hotels, it was nice to come &quot;home&quot; to my quiet little oasis at the Renaissance. While this non-gaming hotel is not on the strip, getting to some of the bigger hotels isn't a problem because the monorail picks you up next door. If you think your preference would be to wake up in the morning, grab a coffee at the in-hotel Starbucks and sit outside as the sun comes up – without slot machine clatter or the pumping beats of &quot;Get up and boogie&quot; flooding into the street, then the Renaissance is a hotel you'll want to look into. The Marriot website offers packages for this hotel, but I've also seen it on some of the wholesaler sites like Skyauction.	
Oct 18 2009 	Great Location for Las Vegas Convention Center	We had a convention in the south hall in the Las Vegas Convention Center and this was a 90 second walk. The hotel was really nice and the beds were very comfortable. I enjoyed it more then the huge casino hotels!	
Oct 14 2009 	Fine recommended stay	Very nice place, off the strip and directly next to the convention center. While we were there the convention center was not featuring anything so it was fairly quiet. Service, cleanliness, etc all were fine. A recommended stay. Would go back when I return to Las Vegas,	
Oct 8 2009 	Great hotel	I booked the hotel for the Long weekend as i could not get on strip. But after seeing the location i think that it is not a bad choice. This hotel has a great pool and Starbucks in the lobby is great for morning coffee.	
Oct 4 2009 	Exceeded my expectations	I have stayed at this hotel several times, but my most recent trip exceeded my expectations. Here's a quick rundown:Room: Rooms are still nice (I stayed here when the rooms were brand new). They have a &quot;retro&quot; look to them, so it is a bit snazzier than your average Marriott hotel. You'll get at least one flat-panel TV in your room. Beds are very comfortable, and there are lots of towels. This hotel does space-available upgrades for Elite members, which is a nice change compared to some other Marriott properties. The room I had included a walk-in shower and separate tub, with a spacious bathroom. They have Aveda products in the bathroom, so you don't have to smell like the standard Marriott Bath and Body Works shampoo/soap. Pool: Small pool that doesn't always have a lot of sun, so if you are expecting a deep tan, you might need to find a pool elsewhere. I enjoyed the pool, though. Food: Envy restaurant is outstanding. We had breakfast there this year, and it was outstanding. I ate there for dinner last year, and the steak was one of the best I have ever had. Location: You can take a tram to the strip (for a fee), or you can grab a Taxi. They also have free valet parking, so I always rent a car and park it there. I like staying off-strip, but if you want to be closer to the action, you may want to stay on the strip. Other notes: This is a non-smoking hotel (except in the pool area), which is really nice. If you want to smoke, you may want to stay elsewhere. This hotel offers a concierge lounge during the week, which is nice. It is open 24/7 for bottled water, which is also nice.I would absolutely recommend this hotel to a friend. The staff were very nice! I only gave it 4 stars because the JW Marriott Las Vegas is a 5-star establishment. But this hotel is 4.5 stars.	
Sep 28 2009 	Excellent hotel at a great price... off strip near convention center.	Our stay was brief but very pleasant. We wanted to stay in Vegas for an extra night, but it was Saturday and our strip hotel was off the chart expensive that night. We got a very good price for this hotel on Priceline.From the outside this hotel isn't all that impressive, but inside it is a different story. All of the interior spaces we visited were very modern, sleek and elegant. Our room was also very attractive, well designed and sparkling clean. The amenities were very good: in-room fridge, nice goodies in the bathroom/shower (Avena), real glassware, a bathrobe, extra pillows and blanket in the room, iron and ironing board, hair dryer. In-room internet access $12.95 which I think about standard for the better Vegas hotels (but I still resent paying that much for Internet). The TV is 32&quot; flat panel HDTV, but as far as I could see there was no high definition programming. The king bed was superb.. pillow top mattress (I think) with plenty of plump pillows. The room was totally quiet. We slept very well!The location is near the Convention Center and too far to walk to the strip. I would imagine this would be a fine location if you are in town for a convention. If you are mainly in Vegas for fun on the strip, this is a nice place to stay but you will need to have a car, otherwise check with the hotel to see if they have a shuttle service. There's not much of interest in the few blocks around the hotel. Our room had no view to speak of (just of the parking garage). The pool area is located in the center courtyard of the hotel and it very attractive, but it is in shade most of the time. That is probably a good thing in Las Vegas during the summer, but you won't be able to lay out in the sun if that is what you'd like.The staff at the hotel is first class. Really, I don't ever recall being treated as well at any other hotel at check-in. The person working in the coffee bar/gift shop went out of her way to help me with something I needed. I can't say enough about the good service by the staff at this hotel.This is a 4.5 star hotel in a 3 star location at a 2.5 star price (at least if you book via Priceline). This hotel is a very good deal and we will most like stay here again.	
Sep 9 2009 	Low price on priceline	We arrived late and went straight to bed. The woman at the valet parking was very helpful because she helped me to self-park our mini-van with the rooftop carrier - it would not have fit in the parking structure. I appreciated her help. Our two kids enjoyed the outdoor pool and hot tub the next morning. We were on a budget so did not eat or use the expensive internet access during our short visit. It is located away from the Strip, next to the convention center, which was fine with us with our children. We were just driving through for the night on our way back to California.	
Aug 25 2009 	Poor services expensive wifi good amnities good location	We had a bad experience in this hotel, restroom and lamps were broken at our arrival, we were obliged to go 3 times (in 2 days) at the welcome desk for claiming... The location is good and rooms are clean. Services are too expensive, particulary Wifi and breakfast, (in 2009, wifi should be free...)	
Aug 22 2009 	Elegant non-gambling hotel	When you want to get away from the loud noises and bright lights of Vegas, this hotel is an elegant escape from the madness.The hotel restaurant, Envy, serves a delicious menu at a reasonable price. Room service is an excellen after-hours choice for a meal and a dish of pasta can easily serve 2 people. The servers are also very friendly and welcoming.The gym has a small but great self-serve fruit and juice bar.The hotel is off the strip but there is a complimentary shuttle bus that will take you from the Convention Center (across the street) to the Wynn hotel until 8:00pm. There is also a convenient kiosk to check-in with the airline for your flight home.The only negative I experienced with the hotel was the slow service from the front desk staff when I requested extra towels be sent up to the room.Note: If you're a Marriott Silver Elite member, you receive a free cocktail at the bar.	
Aug 14 2009 	Excellent NON Gambling Hotel Option	Disclosure, I am a travel agent. The Renaissance Las Vegas is one of the few hotels in Las Vegas where gambling is NOT on premises. For some this is a preference, others not. Thus, if you are in search for a hotel with gambling on-site, the Renaissance is not for you.Location: The Renaissance is located close to the Convention Center. For proximity, the hotel is across from the Wynn Golf Course. Thus, if using The Strip for geography purposes, if you are at the Wynn/Encore, the Renaissance is approx. ¾ miles due east as the crow flies. Please note, there is no direct access to The Strip by foot. Most use cars, taxi or the Monorail (the station is approximately 100 yards away). We used the Monorail (convenient but not cheap) and our car (parking at the hotel and all over Las Vegas is free of charge). We usually parked at The Flamingo and walked from there. Hotel Check-In: We entered the hotel and my immediate reference would be Starwood’s “W” line of hotels. A very sleek interior design yet inviting i.e. marble, wood all in a modern design. Check-in, very efficient and quick, provided a room on the 8th floor and all requests were honored i.e. kg. bed, higher floor. Please note, this is a NON-Smoking hotel.Room: The room was very nice and well designed. With a modern design, the room would be perfect for business and leisure. Upon entry is a hallway with the requisite bathroom access which uses a “pocket door” for access (nice design and saves room versus a swing door). The main room was quite spacious. Large comfortable bed, night tables, a armoire (instead of a closet, w/ iron and board) built-in’s hiding the mini-frig (no mini-bar, just bottled water), nice work desk with a very comfortable office chair, flat-screen TV, nice sitting chair with ottoman, floor to ceiling windows and an efficient A/C unit. See Pictures.Bathroom: Spacious by most standards with a separate shower stall and full tub. Well designed vanity of granite with frame mirror. Make-up mirror small and non-lighted, yet unattached i.e. can be taken anywhere in the bathroom/room. Shower stall has nice design including a ledge to place your foot on while soaping up. Speakman shower head, water pressure is excellent. See Pictures.Fitness Area: On the 2nd level, better than average equipment including the newest in cardio-vascular equipment and a weight area. Two large TV’s w/ remotes, towels, fresh fruit and juice all self-serve, open 24 hours.Pool Area: Small yet inviting, shaded by design. The pool is small, 3’ in depth more for cooling down. Hot tub seats 12 in comfort. Nice outdoor furniture including lounges and loveseat set-ups. Rarely used and not a “pool scene”. If looking for a family pool, consider The Flamingo or Bellagio, for an “adult scene” consider Bare at Mirage. Most relaxing, after a long day, dip in the pool and hot tub at night, very inviting with subdued lighting. See PicturesRestaurant: The on-site restaurant, Envy is EXCELLENT. While billed as a steak house, it is so much more. The interior, like the hotel is modern in design yet most inviting. We enjoyed the $39/prix-fixe and it was an excellent 3-course meal. I have enjoyed the finest restaurants in LV, Envy can stand-up to all of them with excellent food and spectacular and efficient service. The Gnocci appetizer is to “die for”.Bar: There is a nice bar adjacent to the restaurant. Nice place to meet for dinks or just to relax. Can receive service from Envy Steak House as well.Sundry Store: There is a small store/snacks in the hotel which serves Starbucks Coffee. We did not visit; however, we did see guests buying breakfast items on the run.Parking: There is valet and self-service parking adjacent to the hotel in a multi-level structure attached to the hotel. Parking is easy in/out and to the north strip, maybe 5 minutes, south strip, 10 minutes. Premium outlets and downtown, about 13 minutes.	
Aug 10 2009 	Nice hotel clean quiet	Nice hotel for travelers looking to stay somewhere clean and affordable, but very nice, just off the Strip.	
Aug 10 2009 	Nice hotel good value	This is a nice hotel if you're not interested in staying on the Strip and want a decent, non-smoking, relatively quite hotel.	
Aug 4 2009 	An Absolute Oasis!!!	Great place to stay in Vegas especially if you don't like smoking and gambling which seems to be just about everywhere except this hotel! No slot machines, no smoking! Great place! Didn't use the pool, but it looked nice. Rooms are very nice, actually well decorated and comfortable. Only downside was that our fire alarm malfunctioned and went off at night. A repair man had to come two times to fix the alarm, which was finally fixed, but it was just a bit annoying. The staff offered to move us to another room which would have been ridiculous because we were only staying for one night and it was already late. They were very nice and helpful about it but didn't offer any compensation, which I thought for sure they would.	
Jul 31 2009 	Excellent Hotel but Minor Problems can be a Challenge	First, this hotel is a steal for $54 on Priceline. But, all is not quite as perfect as it might appear. They had a basketball tournament in town and the &quot;players&quot; ran the halls with their &quot;music&quot; blaring literally all night long. It's a totally non-smoking facility except for the cigars in the halls, the rooms, and at the pool. Apparently, their non-smoking policy is best described as &quot;self enforcing.&quot; The auto approach to valet parking and check-in was backed up and blocked much too often due to understaffing. Heaven forbid if you make the mistake of signing on to their wireless internet in your guest room. You are supposed to read the &quot;literature&quot; (the manager-on-duty's very own words) in your room so you will know that they only have wired connections. All of our internet problems were straightened out in minutes by a real customer service manager on Monday but the weekend staff found it to be quite a challenge. Now the good part (and yes the good part is quite substantial). The rooms though slightly small by four star standards are modern, colorful, and spotless. The elevators are exceptionally convenient and the staff goes out if it's way to speak to guests and to be nice. The concierge level lounge was absolutely superb and the desserts after 8pm in the evening were fit for a king. Overall I give it a clear 4 out of 5 rating and I believe that it is the best non-casino property that I've stayed at in Las Vegas. Internet problems, an occasional &quot;jam box&quot;, and a few cigars can happen anywhere. They did seem to care and that is a big positive.	
Jul 31 2009 	Great non casino business hotel	stayed one night for business. Great off strip location - smoke free, no casinos - which is a major bonus. Concierge lounge is very nice - enjoyed a drink in the evening plus a quick breakfast before my work. Thoroughly enjoyable - gelt safe the entire time - important to female solo business travelers. The pool is very small - but lovely to sit at in the very hot evening - it would probably be unappealing to those with kids. Clean,great staff and nice room decor.	
Jul 30 2009 	I found a pair of men's underwear and PJ pants in my bed!	My friend and I checked in on Thu 07/16/09 into a double room (two Queens). The next day, two more friends joined us and, as one of them went to replace the sheets in one of the beds with the ones she had brought from home, we found a pair of men's underwear and pijama pants tucked in between the fitted sheet and the flat sheet of the bed I had slept in! Unbeknownst to me, I had slept the night before in the same sheets that had been used by this man! It was obvious that housekeeping hadn't changed the sheets in between guests. We promptly called the front desk and it took almost an hour for the housekeepers to arrive with clean sheets. It was about 9pm on Fri 07/17/09. After the beds were made (one with my friend's sheets on it), I went to speak with the Manager at the front desk. I told him what I had found in the bed I had slept in the night before and he kept saying &quot;But the sheets have been changed, so everyhting is fine now, right?&quot; And I would say &quot;No, because I slept in a dirty bed that a man had slept in the previous night, the previous week, or the previous month.&quot; He kept repeating &quot;But we changed the sheets so everything is fine now, right?&quot; Eventually, he said that he had to &quot;check with the crew&quot; who would have taken care of the room and the morning manager. The next morning, not having heard from anyone, I went to the front desk again and the same routine of &quot;Everything is fine now&quot; took place. The morning manager on duty said that they had to &quot;look into it&quot; and that they would get back to me. That evening I went to the front desk again (third time) and had to explain the whole thing again. I guess Marriott managers don't communicate with each other? After I explained what had happened AGAIN, I got the same response &quot;The sheets have been changed, so everything is OK now, right?&quot; I'm convinced Marriott trains its Managers to play idiots. Or maybe they hire idiots. After repeating the fact that I found disgusting that the sheets where this man had done God knows what hadn't been changed so that I ended up sleeping in them the night before and that housekeeping had had two opportunities to rectify the situation (first, after the man left/before we checked in AND the next morning after we left the room and room service made the beds) the THIRD manager finally said &quot;What would you like to see happen?&quot; I said &quot;I think I shouldn't pay for the night when I slept in a bed that someone else had used.&quot; And he said &quot;Sure, we'll take that charge off your bill.&quot; My question is: Why didn't the FIRST manager offer to take the charge off the FIRST time I brought up the issue? It took me explaining the situation multiple times to three managers (suposedly the &quot;decision makers&quot; there) for them to do the right thing. And I had to practically tell them how to rectify the situation. What, it hadn't occurred to them that I shouldn't have to pay for sleeping in those sheets? UNBELIEVEABLE! After all, this was the Marriott, not Motel 8. To top it all off, I'm germ-phobe (I had wiped down the remote, light switches, door knobs when we checked in). I NEVER thought that a Marriott property would fail to provide clean sheets. Now, I'll always bring my own.	
Jul 28 2009 	Very nice stay...would return	We have stayed at numerous &quot;off strip&quot; hotels in Las Vegas. The Renaissance would be the nicest thus far. Everything was clean, in good working order. Modern furnishings, etc. The only drawback I could see was that the pool was a little small for a hotel of it's size. Rooms were extremely nice, clean, fully functional, and visually appealing. We had a nice view of the casinos, which is nice at night. The bed was fairly comfortable, but slightly stiff. The bathroom was in excellent working condition with nice amenities! We would certainly return here!	
Jul 23 2009 	Best place to stay off the strip	I'm Platinum Elite in the Marriott Rewards Program and this is a return trip to this hotel. The first visit occurred approximately a year prior. I had a positive experience during that trip, and as a result decided to revisit this hotel.I booked the hotel online and chose a $99.00 rate. Las Vegas is having a low point in its tourism due to the economy, and I expected the rates to be a little lower. This was a weekend rate, checking in on a Friday night.I drove to the hotel and needed assistance with my bags. When I arrived, there was only one valet working, and his time was consumed with taking pictures of a group of people heading out for the night. There was not another valet present to assist me, and I was forced to wait for the picture taker to finish his work. I expected him to tell the group to wait since I was an arriving customer, but this did not occur. I was not in the best of moods since I had driven from LA and was ready to check in and take a rest.Reception and check-in went well once inside. I was given an upgrade to the 15th floor, which is the club floor. The bag assistant was very friendly and helpful in getting me settled into the room.I was originally to check out after two days, but I decided to extend my stay into the next week. To my surprise, the front desk said I would be able to extend my stay, but at a higher rate of $109.00. This was a bit confusing since it was a Monday and the rate exceeded the weekend rate I had just paid. I agreed nonetheless.The breakfast could use some work. The provided food is excellent, but it lacks the extensive variety I'm used to seeing having traveled to other Renaissances overseas. Also, during the evening cocktail hours, they charge for the individual drinks. I detest this charge, believing these drinks should be complimentary for individuals with access to the Club Floor.I ordered room service one day for a late lunch, having a sandwich with some soup and fries. Everything was excellent and I highly recommend the room service here.Overall, this hotel is excellent, especially considering the value of what you pay for a room. Granted, the hotel does not have a casino, but I see this as a plus. It allows you to get away from the action, and you control when you subject yourself to the casino. I will continue to return to this hotel when I visit Vegas in the future.	
Jul 8 2009 	If you hate ding ding ding this is the place for you	The Renaissance is an oasis of calm in an otherwise brash and over-stimulative Las Vegas. Adjacent to the Convention Center, this hotel is pleasantly lacking a casino, making the public space inviting to linger in, not get through as quickly as humanly possible. We were there just one night on our way through town. There was no convention and the rates were great. Not sure what happens to the calm atmosphere though when the place fills with orthodontists or game designers.	
Jun 29 2009 	Hard to imagine a better off-strip hotel	This unassuming but superb property is located one block off the strip, around a mile from the Wynn/Encore. Crucially, there is a monorail station located very close (3 min walk) to the hotel. I've been here for 10 nights, and leave tomorrow morning, so I now feel qualified to leave a review!The interior is very spacious and nicely decorated. The staff are extremely polite and friendly, which is a big plus in Vegas. I was offered an olive-shaped (but conventionally flavoured!) chocolate upon check-in and my room had a mini-fridge with two (I think - or hope) free bottles of water, which is restocked daily. I had a normal room with king bed. The bathroom is nice, with a bath and walk-in shower cubicle. There is a nice big LCD TV, a clock-radio and a large desk. An iron and ironing board are also provided.Huge windows give a pretty amazing view. My room faces towards the Stratosphere and the Hilton, although other rooms must face towards the other end. Ask for a high floor for the best views! I realised quite late on that the windows are not mirrored, so do not walk around naked in front of them, like I did.There's a pool, which is unmanned and enclosed by the hotel, so it does get dark quite early. This being vegas though, it was still very warm even at midnight, but it might not be ideal if you're trying to get a tan.On the whole, I can only find one fault with this hotel, and that is the wireless internet. I'm on the 12th floor, and the internet is terrible. The connection is very weak on all of my devices and frequently cuts out and suffers from extreme slowness. This is probably just affecting a small number of rooms, but it has been a problem for me.The monorail is a great boost to this hotel, since it makes getting around in vegas a lot easier (although note that to get out of the monorail stations onto the strip, you need to navigate through the casinos, so you'll still need to walk!).The Renaissance is classy, very reasonably priced and a good alternative to the tacky excess of the strip.	
Jun 28 2009 	Excellent stay	The Las Vegas Renaissance is a great off the strip hotel. We stayed here for two nights and were very happy with the staff and room. The staff was friendly and professional and attended to our needs immediately. Our room was just a basic king room but was very clean and comfortable. The decor of the room and hotel is more on the modern side, bright and contemporary. I recommend visiting the pool, which was very relaxing. The hotel is just a short walk from the mono rail. Overall, I was very happy with our stay at this location.	
Jun 25 2009 	Glad we stayed here!	My boyfriend and I recently returned from a 4 night stay. Check-in was quick and we were given a wonderful room. We stayed on the club level floor and breakfast was good- just your bagels/cereal/coffee type of breakfast. The refrigerator in the lounge was mostly stocked so we had unlimited access to water and soda. Our room was very clean. Bathroom was cool because the shower is separate from the bathtub and is fairly large. We ordered room service one night and it was fairly priced. Had to request small items throughout the stay and staff brought them quickly. The location is great if you want to stay off the strip. The monorail is a very short walk away. We walked through several casino hotel lobbies and decided we were glad we picked the Renaissance because it is not as crowded. Check-in at a casino can apparently take up to an hour.The gym was just OK. I found it hard to get a good spot to use free weights if there were others in the room. There's a lot of equipment in a small space. There was plenty of cardio equipment.I used the pool two of the days and recommend that you get there early. It's in a tiny courtyard area just off the lobby, so it's surrounded by 4 high walls and only gets sun for a few hours. I noticed people started getting the good chairs around 10:30-11am. I recommend for those who wants to maximize sun time to get the chairs that are closest to the bathrooms. They get the most sun. We had several wonderful meals in town: Gordon Biersch (brewing company and restaurant), Ah Sin (Paris), and Border Grill (Mandalay Bay). Also saw the show, Ka (MGM Grand) and liked that. We rented a car one day and drove to Mt. Charleston (approx 45 mins from town, but it didn't seem that far).	
Jun 15 2009 	Perfect non-smoking no pets hotel in Vegas.	Stayed here for 1 night at beginning of trip after getting this hotel for a great deal on Priceline. We returned to Vegas at the end of our trip for one night. Hotel was very full then, so we had to book directly with the hotel rather than try to get it on Priceline, as I really wanted a non-smoking hotel. I was still very happy with the room even paying standard rates.Location is quieter and easier to access than the hotels on the strip. Parking is easy and free. With a car, you are close to anywhere on the strip. Monorail is super convenient although it is expensive and not really worth it if you have more than one person in your group. Internet was not free unfortunately.	
May 19 2009 	Value for Money	Off Strip but most suitable especially if you have a car. Location on Paradise Road means that you will not be affected by the traffic jams at the strip but yet able to get around rather effectively at the strip, parking at either MGM or Panet Hollywood. No car, no problem as monorail is right across the street. Classy lobby, lux rooms and bathrooms. Highly recommended for those whom want to stay at a non-Casino Hotel.	
May 18 2009 	Walk to the LV Convention Center and LV Monorail	The king bed was very comfortable. The hotel was clean and organized. The hotel does a lot of meeting events/conferences, more than tourism. I noticed the meeting rooms were usually occupied even on weekend days.The hotel is short walking distance to the monorail and the convention center. I took the monorail to the Strip casinos without having to get in my car. I loved not having to drive and park ast casinos. If you did you would have parking or valet fees. Cabs are expensive too. I love that you can buy a monorail ticket and use it as many times as you want within a time period. I would stay here again.	
May 5 2009 	Second time around - that says it all	We stayed here last year at the same time. The location is great a little (half a mile) away fromTthe Strip and the pokies and the cigarettes! The monrail stops almost at the door and it is great ride using a season ticket - so conveneint and scenic.The hotel (suite) was just as good this time and the bar staff ,after a day's driving to Hoover Dam and Grand Canyon and to Death Valley Junction and other places, were great company before hitting the town.. The room was fantastric, great view.Tip - contact Robert Cole (Director of Rooms) for a great deal - we did twice, thanks Robbie.	
Apr 26 2009 	Go off-strip to save a little money	The fact that the hotel is not on the strip is mitigated by its proximity to the Vegas monorail system. Just a quick walk over to the monorail terminal and you're on your way to whatever group of casinos you want. Not as convenient as being right on the strip, but somewhat cheaper as a result.	
Apr 23 2009 	Clean quiet beautiful!	We loved this hotel! The only reason I gave it a &quot;4&quot; is because the pool and hot tub were closed while were there. This was a huge disappointment to my husband and kiddo. Other than that - it is close to the monorail entrance (without crossing any major streets) and everyone was kind and accomodating. They even give you a free drink from the bar when you stay.The doormen were especially nice and helpful. Our room was clean, and the bathroom was spacious, and had a second light over the sink that we used to keep the bathroom lighted in the night. We loved that it was so quiet and peaceful after spending our days on the strip. And the beds were magnificently comfy!!!	
Apr 20 2009 	not bad for not on the strip	I was here for a meeting that didn't want the image of a casino - this worked. It is easily accessible to the monorail station that was pretty convenient, although I did get stuck at Harrah's when the monorail station there closed unexpectedly. I just taxied back. Also, the pool was being redone while I ws there, but I doubt I would have used ti anyway since it was right next to the meeting rooms for the conference. (Hi bossman, just me sitting here half-naked in the hottub, not at the meeting...) Really, an upgrade would have been mirroring the windows surrounding the pool.The room was great - pretty big with a really nice bathroom. I love rooms with a separate bath/shower. The room service was good too as was the maid service. I had a steak sent up medium rare - cooked to perfection!The only thing that detracted from the hotel was a duo of prostitutes in the hotel bar one night. Sure it's Vegas, but this is a non-casino hotel and it took away from the classy image the hotel seemed to be trying to maintain. The bar staff knew they were prostitutes and didn't seem to mind much. I'd stay here again happily if I had to, but if I come next time for fun, I'll probably stay at one of the casino hotels.	
Apr 20 2009 	Quiet pleasant non smoking	Very pleasant hotel. Nice lunch and breakfast. Did not eat dinner there. Rooms are good size and bathroom is lovely. Monorail is right next door as well as the convention center.The staff is so friendly and especially the door men. Quiet and non smoking was nice to come back to. The pool is not in the sun except between 9- maybe 11. Shady in the afternoon as it is in a courtyard. Easy cab ride anywhere. Had an incredible dinner at the new restaurant 102 Rare in the Hard Rock Hotel... very trendy but great food. Nightclub XS in Encore is fun but go early. Good people watching.	
Apr 15 2009 	Non Casino Hotel is a Winner	I got this hotel through Priceline for Easter weekend. Mixed feelings because I was shooting for the Hard Rock! Anyhow for $59/night this was a great deal. The overwhelming thing about this hotel was the incredible service. EVERY single employee that I dealt with was unbelievably friendly and helpful. Usually one or two great employees make a difference but the whole staff here has obviously been trained to understand that they want your business. From the women at the Sandwich shop (slipped me an extra biscotti with a smile and a wink, recommend other places to eat when I couldn't decide what to eat) to the front desk, to the valet, to the wait staff in the restaurant. Very impressive.The room was great, 11th floor with a wonderful view of the strip, typical Marriott room great bed, lots of room, flat screen TV. Had no noise issues at all, slept like a baby. I'm real fussy about bathrooms and this room had a great bathroom. Loved the glassed in shower, lots of counter space for your stuff.Another positive was the free gym. Most hotel gyms are pretty basic, something out of the Jack Lalanne era of fitness, but they had an above average facility with newer equipment and FREE WEIGHTS! Also fresh fruit was a really nice plus.They have a restaurant on site called Envy but even though it looks and acts like a high end Vegas restaurant, it was pretty bland hotel food. If you can get away from the hotel, you can get better meals. They have a nice little sandwich shop called Ego that has some decent prepackaged salads and sandwiches.If you don't have a car you have to take the monorail to get around, there is really nothing worth walking to and the neighborhood gets sketchy a block or two away.	
Apr 12 2009 	Pick this one for Las Vegas conventions.	We stayed here because it had a great last minute weekend rate. If you are a Marriott fan, there is a Courtyard, Residence Inn and Marriott all within walking distance if your looking for a choice. This is a great hotel if your staying for leisure or business. The convention center and monorail station are right adjacent to the hotel. Our family ended up buying a one day pass for the monorail which saved us big on cab rides. The hotel itself is as would be expected from the Marriott. It comes complete with a doorman, free valet service and excellent staff. The rooms are very comfortable with feather comforters and pillows. My only complaint is that the hotel could be a bit more sound proof. We could constantly here sirens and sounds of the city outside. The pool was under renovation during our stay, so I can't comment on that.	
Mar 26 2009 	Very nice non-casino hotel	I stayed here because I specifically did NOT want a casino in my hotel, and I really liked it. Upscale, new-appearing rooms. Great view, if you get a room with a strip view. It is not directly on the strip, but the monorail is across the street, and is quick, clean, and cheap. I paid $28 for 72 hour, unlimited-use pass. The restaurant is very good as well. The fitness center was better equipped than most hotels have. The only downside is that you can't really walk to any of the strip hotels. You either need to take a cab (slow and expensive) or the monorail (quick and cheap.)	
Mar 23 2009 	Best off-strip property only one issue....thin walls	Great property, this is my 2nd stay at this property, I chose to go back this year and stay here even though I knew the walls are paper thin. Can hear your neighbor having a conversation or even hear what their watching on TV. Besides that, this property has a great gym, very good cardio equipment, and very good free weight, mats, fresh bottled water, fresh fruit, flat screen TV's etc. Good decor, service is good, coffee maker in rooms with Starbucks coffee or if you prefer to make your way downstairs they have a deli/coffee bar serving Starbucks. No casino so it's like walking into a regular classy hotel vs your typical Las Vegas hotel.From parking lot to room, 5-10 minutes vs. on the strip hotels where it can take anywhere from 15-20 minutes. Have stayed at Tropicana, Excalibur, Bellagio, Paris, and Renaissance, will for sure go back and stay at this property again.	
Mar 17 2009 	Relaxing Escape from the Strip	Quality and luxurious hotel just away from the main strip in Las Vegas, staff were ok, room was incredible with floor to ceiling windows overlooking the Wynn Hotel Golf Course, next to a monorail station so easy to get around, just next to the Las Vegas Convention Centre, quiet, with the most amazingly soft linen ever on the beds!! Starbucks coffee etc in the room, lovely and spacious and really nice bathroom. Restaurant nice for breakfast, was good to escape to and relax after being in the chaos of the Strip!! Did the helicopter over the strip and Grand Canyon experience both an absolute must, fantastic trip.	
Mar 10 2009 	Great for attending trade shows at convention center	Stayed from 3 to 6 March to attend trade show at Las Vegas Convention Center. It is literally 3 minute walk from lobby to Convention Center. Great for conducting business, but not a place for fun. If you just want to party, any other Las Vegas hotel would do the trick.It does not have casino or shows which keeps out the tourists. It is a no smoking establishment, so that is a big plus. It is a solid 25 minute walk to Strip--closest Strip hotel is Wynn. The monorail station is about 5 minute walk, so it will take you to the strip for $5 each way.Only a couple times, I heard my next door neighbor, but only near the window. Could hear the sound of drapes being opened or closed. Noise must have traveled thru the window.WiFi was $12.95/day. Did not eat at the hotel restaurant or bar. The LCD TV in the room is first generation (old and lower quality) and detracted from the room. For business, I would stay here again. For fun, I would only stay here if the price was really low. The no smoking was great. My clothes did not stink of smoke.	
Feb 22 2009 	Good business hotel	Overall this is a nice hotel. It is not over the top like a lot of properties on the strip but it is a lot nicer than an average hotel. I used my Marriott points and was happy to get a platinum upgrade to the concierge floor. The lounge on the concierge was nice. The breakfast is available Monday through Friday. The staff said it used to be available 7 days a week but it was recently cut back. The breakfast was very nice compared to most free hotel breakfasts. The evening reception (Sunday to Friday) had snacks and soda but no free alcohol. The rooms were nice. The beds are very comfortable with nice sheets. The bathrooms had a bathtub and a separate glass enclosed shower. The rooms are clean and comfortable. The biggest problem I had with this hotel is that the walls between the rooms have no or very little sound insulation. To be fair, this is a problem at many Marriotts and many other hotel brands. Voices, televisions and alarms could easily be heard from next door. The alarm next door went off at 5:30 am and then the snooze alarm for another half an hour. It was loud enough to easily wake me up each time. It is debatable if the strip is within walking distance or not. If you are not afraid of a little walk it would be possible to walk to the north end of the central strip. If it is really hot, cold or late at night the walk probably wouldn't be a good idea. A monorail station is a short walk across a parking lot. Compared to other cities subways it is expensive. ($5 one way or $13 per 24 hours) The 24 hour pass is good for 24 hours from the time of purchase. The monorail though will quickly get you to the strip. One is supposed to come every 7 minutes. The pool is not very ideal at the Renaissance but the hotel appears to be more of a business hotel. The pool gets very little sunlight. Also the pool area is very visible from the main lobby so there is not very much privacy. If you want to stay off the strip or very close to the convention center then this is a good place to stay. There is not a lot directly within walking distance to the hotel but a short monorail ride will get you to everything quickly.	
Feb 16 2009 	Lots of cost cutting compared to the past	I have stayed at this property numerous times, but the amenities have been in the process of being cut for the last 18 months or so.There is no longer bottle water in the cooler in the fitness center.The food in the concierge suite gets less and less each time.There is no longer any selection. Same food for each open period day in and day out.The business center is now terribly over priced. It is now $2.50 to print each page and the previously working computers (free) have all been disabled to only print boarding passes SOLO! There is also a charge for just the computer usage (timed and charged by the minute.There are more but you can get the idea. The hotel is rather isolated and it used to be a wonderful property; however, I suspect that this is the last time I will be staying here, as there are better accommodations at the same price without all the numerous quality cutting that is taking place here.	
Feb 12 2009	Good	Stayed at the Renaissance during from Feb 5th to the 9th 2009. We used Marriott reward points to get upgraded to the concierge floor. First off this is a great place to stay off strip if you want to be a little away from all the madness, but not too far. Its literally a 4-5 min walk to the monorail. We used it all the time we were there. Bought the three day pass which we used quite a bit throughout the day and night. Monorail stays open till like 2am or 3am. From this hotel you can not really walk to the strip, its too far and may be less than desirable to walk on the sidewalk at night. However the monorail will take you anywhere or close to anywhere on the strip quickly and safely anytime of the day or night. The hotel is literally right across the street from the monorail and right next to the convention center. The rooms are very nice and very modern. The bathrooms are all new and clean and beds are comfortable. Walk over to the concierge desk and they will hook you up with some free/discounted passes for the clubs and bars. The gym is pretty good too, decent amount of machines with lots of free towels, fruit, fruit drink and water. The only downside to this hotel is that you will not be able to access the internet for free.Other than that I would most def stay at the hotel again. Keep in mind you will have to cab if your in a rush trying to get to a show or restaurant. But if you leave yourself enough time you can get almost anywhere on the strip using the monorail.	
Feb 9 2009 	Very nice stay!!	Very nice, clean room. Staff very friendly. Nothing to complain about. I will definitely stay there again.	
Feb 8 2009 	Fantastic!	This hotel is fabulous! Everyone is so nice and the place is immaculate. It's located right next to the convention center and monorail...which is great if you want to head in to the strip. Would definitely stay here again and again!	
Jan 24 2009 	Nice Stay away from Strip	Stayed here in January 2009 for 3 nights. Overall was a nice stay and I would choose this location again if the price was right and I didn't have to be on the Strip.PROS:- Hotel is fairly new and modern. Was upgraded to a club level room which may have been larger than the regular rooms. Very clean and good housekeeping service each day.- Staff was helpful. When asked about monorail and other transportation options, they seemed knowledgeable and gave valid information.- Location - convenient to the Las Vegas convention center. 5 minute walk to monorail.- Dining at the restaurant, Envy, was nice. The food was tasty and I liked the atmosphere. - Free internet service in club level rooms.CONS:- Location, while convenient to the Convention center and Monorail, is not on the Strip. It just doesn't have the same feel as staying on the Strip. Not really walkable, either. - Club lounge closed on the weekend. Used to be open weekends. Maybe this has something to do with the tough economic times. Still, disappointing that they chose to cut a service to their best customers.	
Jan 11 2009 	Disappointing	Modern, clean, comfortable hotel with friendly, helpful staff. However we were disappointed with two aspects of our stay. Firstly the bedroom walls appear to be very thin and we were constantly disturbed by the noise from the adjoining room. We asked for a move to a quieter room and, whilst this was facilitated without question, the re allocated room was just as noisy as the first. We felt that not a lot of thought or planning had gone into our re allocation. We were also disappointed with the evening meal in the Envy Steakhouse where the menu, food and atmosphere did not reflect the top end price. Would not return	
Jan 6 2009 	A tranquil escape!	I found the Renaissance to be a welcome break from the madness of The Strip. If you want to just dip in to the Vegas scene and avoid having to walk past the depressing sight of people sitting at slot machines all day, then stay here. The monorail outside zooms you into the action pretty fast - plus there is a free bus to the Wynn every half hour.	
Dec 15 2008 	Once again great experience!	Stayed 1 night in December at the end of a long weekend in Vegas. We'd stayed in a timeshare on our other nights, and I chose the Renaissance for the final night. I haven't been here since 2005, but I must say, the property continues to get my vote!Front DeskStaff was wonderful. Our request for an early check in was accomadated, and we were recognized immediately for our Marriott status. Service was quick and efficient.RoomsWe had a regular double room on the 4th floor facing the strip (or the back of the Wynn). I was a little worried --- 4th floor put us right at the level of the monorail, but I didn't hear it once! Room was clean and beds really comfortable. I really appreciated the mini-fridge -- you never get enough bottled water in Vegas and it was nice to have a place to chill it!Conciege LoungeWas closed for rennovations, but the hotel provided vouchers that could be used in the cafe, restaurant or bar. This was very much appreciated!RestaurantsHad dinner in the Bar --- we'd had enough of the strip after the long weekend. The burger was one of the best I've ever had. There are a number of toppings that can be added to customize your burger at no charge --- it's nice to have those options without adding $$$ for each. It is DEFINITELY worth it to upgrade to the truffle fries! I enjoyed this dinner as much as any other we had in Vegas!Access to Vegasin less than 5 minutes, you can be on the monorail headed up to the strip --- for the most part, when you look at where the monorail stops are compared to the hotels, the Rennaisance is as close or closer than any of the other hotels on the monorail.Would make this my choice any time I was going to be in Vegas!	
Dec 14 2008 	Very nice place to stay	This is a very nice Hotel - def. worth the $110.00 a night we paid thru AAA. The beds were very comfy, relaxed atmosphere, and great staff. The hotel restaurant was excellent for lunch, and the room service was superb. We will stay here again.	
Nov 12 2008 	Excellent Business Alternative	I have stayed here twice and the hotel is excellent, particularly for business travelers. Since the hotel has no casino, it's very easy to get in and out. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. The banquet/catering staff is among the best I have used in hundreds of meetings. Both meeting rooms and guestrooms are great. An island of sanity near the strip.	
Oct 17 2008 	VERY nice property	Had to do a trade show next door so the location was perfect. They have a shuttle to the Wynn across from the entrance and it goes from 8am-8pm every 30 mins. Front Desk staff were exceptional. Concierge helped make reservations for us at the country club grill at the wynn and Nobu; very courteous. The club lounge was very exceptional and even had lox!! One morning I was craving oatmeal and one of the attendants brought me some. The rooms were definitely above average in quality, normal sized but with a glass encased standup shower and separate garden tub with marble sink and tile floor. Internet is free on the executive floor. cab rides to the strip are about $15'ish there and $8 on the way back because of one way streets. Really enjoyed my experience here.	
Oct 14 2008 	Treated our reunion group wonderfully	We were a group of 29 people in 17 rooms for a reunion. We had been planning the event since May 2008 and had wonderful attention by the group sales and catering departments. As this wasn't a corporate group, we had lots of individual requests for room types/sharing/food needs that were all met by the staff. Our group was looking for a non-casino hotel that had good transit options to the strip. This hotel met the bill. We had a beautifully-appointed lobby and rooms for a reasonable rate. In addition, it was easy for our group to congregate in the Envy Lounge and the Envy Steakhouse for drinks and/or meals. All 29 participants were very satisfied with all aspects of this hotel.All the hotel staff was helpful - from check-in to check out. In particular the bar waitress Adrianne and the food manager, a Romanian native whose name I did not get, were extremely friendly and service-oriented. In addition, the gentlemen that arranged for local transit was wonderful. We needed transportation from the hotel for our whole group. Without even requesting it, this man ordered vans and limos to be available for our use on Saturday night so we could transport everyone quickly to a restaurant far from the strip. In addition, the monorail station is a block away and was easy for us to get to the strip for shows, etc. This staff exemplifies what service should be at every hotel. I would definitely recommend this hotel to others staying in Las Vegas for group events or as individuals.	
Sep 22 2008 	Very Nice Quiet Hotel except for the Knife Sellers Convention	My wife and I stayed for a vegas getaway and we enjoyed this hotel very much. I got a good deal on the hotel's website where we stayed three nights but only had to pay for two. The staff were wonderful and very attentive and we liked the chocolate olive upon check-in. We always got We got a nice room with a view of the strip (which also meant facing the noisy street below). We loved the layout of the room and nice details like the separate glass shower and the wood trim everywhere. The bed was very very comfortable. It would have been nice to have a some sort of complementary breakfast but we got a pretty cheap breakfast every morning at the E-go Cafe. The only thing we didn't like was the large convention from &quot;vector marketing&quot; aka &quot;Cutco&quot; . Like the anime convention mentioned in a previous review these folks took over the building and were very loud at night. Apparently this is a company that recruits college students to sell knives so the place was full of college age people running up and down the halls on Friday night when we were trying to sleep. So much for the quiet hotel. It didn't help that when we asked them to be quiet they were rude. Other than the college students, we had a good time at the Renaissance and would stay there again.	
Sep 22 2008 	Outstanding option in Las Vegas	This hotel is an excellent hotel option for Las Vegas.A beautiful facility at a reasonable price.Note: The hotel price does go up, up, up during conventions due to it's location across the street from the convention center.If you are in Las Vegas on buiness this is the place to stay.If you are in Las Veas on pleasure this is also a good option as it is close to the monorail system. On my most recent trip I checked out early of the Flamingo (dump) and in to this hotel. Given where I came from it was like checking in and staying at a Four Seasons.The only challenge this hotel has are dinner options.It has one very high end restaurant ,envy, and one sandwich shop. Both are great for the money. But you have the options of spending $60. on dinner or $8.00 on dinner. If you want something else you will need to eat out of the hotel.The club level room was very nice. The club breakfast was O.K. and very crowded.Overall a great stay. Safe travels!	
Sep 9 2008 	Labor Day Weekend Experience	I regularly stay at Marriott hotels for business, and I think that most travelers would agree that one good thing about Marriotts is that you pretty much know what to expect before you arrive. This hotel was no exception. All of the staff was very friendly, especially the employees at the front desk and at Envy. The room was very clean, there was a separate shower and tub in the bathroom, and the room was very quiet.Why was it important that the room was quiet? Because over the Labor Day weekend, an Anime convention was held. What did this mean? Hundreds of teenagers running around in full costume. EVERYWHERE. In the lobby. In the lounge adjacent to the bar. Outside the hotel. I had read the reviews about the pool (there is barely any sun and smokers tend to congregate there), but I didn't have a chance to check it out! The costumed guests had taken over the entire pool area as well, eliminating any opportunity for relaxation on the lower level of the hotel. Although I didn't complain (what could the staff do?), I was very surprised that management was so disorganized that they allowed this group to completely take over the first floor. It definitely reduced my enjoyment of the hotel.That said...PROS: Very attentative staff, free Envy signature cocktail for silver members, clean room, larger than expected fitness center, restaurant.com offers discounts for Envy, great location if you have a car and want to be off the strip.CONS (Besides the Anime takeover): For the price, I felt that the food at Envy was only average. The pancakes and design-your-own omlette were good, but not spectacular. (For spectacular, try the lemon souffle pancakes at the Stanford Court Marriott in San Francisco!) Similarly, the burger and prawn appetizers for lunch were just alright. I didn't try their steak, but if you don't think you are getting value at breakfast and lunch, would you gamble on dinner too?  Overall this was a nice hotel and it served its purpose for having a nice room off the strip. I will likely stay there again because I am a Marriott Rewards member, the location suits my needs, and the room rate is affordable. But, I will probably call first to find out what kind of convention is scheduled before I make my next reservation.	
Sep 7 2008 	Lacking a certain something	My family (girl 15, boy 12) stayed here in one room for 3 nights in August.We choose this hotel to be away from the casinos.The staff were very friendly and the hotel is finished to a high standard. Taxis were called and came as soon as we wanted them.There was nothing actually wrong with the place but I still can't bring myself to give it 5*. Maybe it was just too clinical and lacking in personality...Pool is good because it is not in the sun - it is good to get into the shade! Bathroom good - fuffy towels! Room just big enough for a family.Ask for a golf course-side room or you wil get a room with a view of the Convention Centre car park!	
Aug 2 2008 	A different hotel in Vegas !!	Spent 3 nigts at the Renaissance for a buisness meeting in the Copa Room. Firstly this is a warm city , as soon as you step off the plane you feel the dry heat.The hotel is close to the airport $12 taxi ride. Check in was good for me . I was on the 4th floor with a view over the city and mono rail. (No noise)The rooms are spacious , beds are great and there is an excellent power shower (no bath).We had breakfast and lunch in our meeting room and both were excellent. Fresh coffee and tea were readily available and soft drinks in the afternoon. There is a gym in the hotel , which has the usual machines and there is an outdoor pool , which is not the best I've seen , but this is more of a buiness hotel than resort hotel,The mono rail station is a short walk away from the hotel and the porter will get you taxi in minutes. Mono rail is best value and a chance to see the city. The hotel has chilled water available in the foyer during the day , but not at night , when I was looking for it. The bar in the hotel was never busy , whilst I was there and the staff often (annoyingly) ask if you want another drink. Las Vegas strip is full of hotels with casinos (what it is famous for) there are machines everywhere and smoking is permitted in them , so no smoke free zone. The streets are full of people offering leaflets for girls to your room and they click the cards as you pass from early evening to late.The hotels on the strip are 5 stars and look impressive. There is a lot of high rise building work going on in the strip. Even at 11pm it is still sticky hot , so shorts are the order of dress.Back to the hotel , there are no shops nearby and the shopping Mall is about 2 miles away. Get a taxi to it (Boulvard Mall) for Macy's , JC Penn etc.I've seen Las Vegas and probably won't be back but if I did I would stay at this hotel. No casino or machines and smoke free!!	
Jul 31 2008 	STYLISH STAY AT THE RENAISSANCE	My husband and I stayed at this hotel at the end of June. I knew as soon as we set foot in this hotel that we were in for a treat. The doorman greeted us with a smile and the porter took our luggage to our room with impeccable politeness but in a friendly fashion. Throughout our stay, the staff could not do enough for us. The hotel itself was scrupulously clean in all areas and our room had a wonderful view of the golf course with its huge green expanse. The only downside is that it is off the strip, at the northern end, which was not much fun in soaring temperatures, when we had to go out and walk about fifteen minutes to get to the Strip, as the monorail does not operate in that area. There is a very good cafe inside the hotel that serves cereals, fruit, etc. The hotel restaurant, Envy Steakhouse, was a lovely experience with beautifully cooked, mouthwatering food.	
Jul 25 2008 	Great service nice people off the strip but close to the monorail	Went for a 2 1/2 day business meeting. Great service. Nice people (the doorman even got me change for a hundred so that I could pay the cab). The room, was clean, comfortable and serviceable. Off the strip (which I liked) but just a few minutes walk to the convention centre monorail station. Well-equipped fitness centre.	
Jul 22 2008 	Property Was So-So	My wife and I booked the Renaissance for $90 on Priceline, which seemed like a great deal but was an overall fair price for this property. It was conveniently located, the rooms were ordinary business-hotel rooms, and the staff was pleasant.I did not, however, appreciate that the hotel lacked a shuttle to/from the airport, which meant we had to hire a cab for $15 + tip, and the hotel charged $12.99 for Internet access in the rooms and lobby. These factors quickly diminished the value of our quick and inexpensive trip to Vegas, as did the over-hyped but mediocre pool area. It's an average hotel pool (not resort style), although the hotel's website would make you think it's a major focal point.I gave the property 3 stars. We experienced no problems at all, but the hotel was a little less than we anticipated. It's probably much more appropriate a hotel for conventioneers than tourists. But we did appreciate the freedom of walking to the monorail and traveling on $11 daily passes. This was much better than relying on taxis to get to the strip.	
Jul 6 2008 	I Loved the Hotel. The staff at check in was very nice. Excellent customer serv	RENIASSANCE LAS VEGAS BY MARRIOTTDate: JULY 2008Reviewer: A TripAdvisor Member CHICAGO IL . The hotel is VERY NICE. It's beautifully decorated throughout the entire hotel. Upon arriving at the hotel we were greeted by the doorman with a huge smile welcome us to the Reniassance Hotel and he said I know you will enjoy staying with us. The front desk staff was very pleasant, we didn't have any problems checking in. The rooms are very nice and CLEAN. The bathroom is very spacious. There is a seperate tub and shower with plenty of towels. The bathroom is CLEAN. The bed is VERY COMFORTABLE. The hotel is less than 5 minutes from the monorail that will take you to the strip. Its a straight shot. This hotel does not have any Casinos which is great, because after being on the strip you want to wind down and this is the hotel to do it. If you want to gamble in the middle of the night, you can walk to the Las Vegas Hilton Hotel which is pretty much next door. Its just a 6 minute walk . Its just on the other side of the monorail. You can purcase a all day pass or a daily pass for the monorail. The prices varies. I found the monorail have specials and you can actually purchase the pass in advance if you go to the Las Vegas Monorail website.. Things have changed a lot in Vegas. IT IS VERY EXPENSIVE TO EAT IN LAS VEGAS...NO MORE 3.99 BUFFETS...even McDondald's is expensive. You might want to do a few time shares to get free tickets to the shows and coupons to eat. DO NOT listen the lady at the concierge desk downstairs at the hotel. She does not know what she is talking about when it comes to the time shares. She will tell you its 3 hours long. ABSOUTELY NOT TRUE. The time shares are only 90 minutes if that. Just stop in one of the booth on the strip AND SIGN UP...dont go to a time share without signing up because you will leave with nothing after the 90 minutes presentation. I know there is one at the Flamingo..just stop at a booth on the strip. Upon check out at the Reniassance Hotel was just as nice as when we checked in. We experienced such incredible service. It was so lovely that it was hard to leave this hotel. The next time we come to Las Vegas we will DEFINITELY stay here again.	
May 29 2008 	NOT SMOKE-FREE	We are in our fifth day here at the Renaissance--a nice looking hotel with good-sized well appointed rooms. Two drawbacks need to be mentioned. First, since there is no-smoking indoors, the courtyard with the pool and hot tub are CONTINUOUSLY packed with smokers, including a CIGAR smoker and at least a handful of cigarette smokers who have been out there every day we have been here and every time we go out. Others complain at the pool about the smoking but the employees simply shrug and say this is the designated smoking area.Because of the architecture, a canyon of smoke results from the large and continuous traffic of smokers and it turns the otherwise scenic and pleasant pool area into a smoking lounge--open to the sky but surrounded by four walls of hotel with VERY limited ventilation.Secondly, as you walk into the bedroom, the bathroom is on the right with a pocket door that not only has no lock, but no latch or closing mechanism. It rolls open between one and two inches automatically preventing bathroom privacy. There is simply no way to close the sliding door without it sliding back open. This is not a problem for me as I am traveling with my spouse of 30 years but it could be a concern for others.Room is nice, hotel is quiet, view of mountains if fine and food is good.	
May 13 2008 	doubt I'd stay here again	This is a fine hotel for a single businessman. It's not geared to women or couples, and certainly not children. It's blasted all over that it's a totally non smoking hotel, which is why we stayed there, and yet, as soon as you walk out into the small pool area, people are smoking like chimneys right next to the door. There is very little sun on the pool and no ambiance whatsoever. The room was comfortable, great bed and linens, but pretty boring. Only mirror outside of bathroom was inside closet. Didn't eat at restaurant because I checked the room service menu and it was outrageously overpriced. $4.oo for yoghurt. The main problem I had, though, was that I requested a handicapped room and the bathroom was so poorly designed that it totally flooded when you showered, so I was standing in 2&quot; of water (don't dare dry your hair-but no mirror in bedroom) out of the shower and I'm very unsteady already having just had hip surgery. I called down tothe front and was immediately moved to a more easily accessible room. I've also spoken directly to Marriott management and and they were very concerned and helpful. All in all, everyone at this hotel was really nice, especially the doormen, and the rooms were comfortable, but they need better, more reasonably priced food, , a smoke free pool, and more tourist amenities. It is Vegas, after all.	
May 10 2008	Sophisticated Option in Las Vegas	Recent trip marked a third stay at this15-story hotel. It is located about two blocks off The Strip, next to the Convention Center and the Hilton. If you prefer to get some exercise, the Wynn (North Strip) is an approximate 20 minute walk from the property. Lovely rooms with lux comforter, flatscreen tv, and Starbucks coffee. Free parking (as is true in most of LV). Friendly staff. More a business hotel than a vacation property though. Pool is not in a secluded location – rather right off the lobby and receives heavy viewing traffic. Internet service is expensive. Nice alternative though to the louder, casino-oriented places.	
May 8 2008 	Pleasant surprise off the strip	This hotel was a nice surprise as I am not so familiar with Renaissance hotels. Rooms were tastefully decorated, requested early check-in which they nicely accomodated, had a terrific lunch in the Envy restaurant , staff very pleasant. Club lounge above average. Only downside is the pool area - nice enough but quite small and the area pretty much loses any sun after around 1pm when the buildings block it. Good place to stay for business and avoid distractions of the casinos - but the casinos are easy enough to get to - there is a monorail stop across the street from the hotel at the Convention Center which goes all the way down the Strip. If you like sushi, try Shibuya or Sushi Roku - both great - but bring your wallet (or your winnings!)	
Apr 30 2008 	Wow...what a view	We used Marriott points to stay 5 nights at this hotel and was pleasantly surprised. First, we were not expecting much since it would be our first stay &quot;off&quot; of the strip. We got a 12th floor room overlooking the Wynn Golf Course and the strip. The customer service was terrific and room service was better than we have had at other Marriott properties. We appreciated the quiet, the lack of a casino, and never having to wait for a taxi. The rooms were well decorated and the beds very very comfortable. It would be nice if the flat panel TV was mounted a little higher than just sitting on the dresser. Taxi costs were usually $8 to the Palazzo or Mirage. The onsite restaurant, Envy, was also very nice. Located next to the convention center with a monorail station, this hotel would be perfect for business travelers. This was a pleasure trip for us so it did not matter.	
Apr 30 2008	Great alternative to the Strip	We went to Las Vegas for a family wedding in March. My kids are 18 and 19 and can't gamble and we didn't want the bustle or the smoking at the hotels on the Strip so we stayed at the Renaissance Las Vegas - it's the largest non-smoking, non-gaming hotel in Las Vegas. It was terrific - the pool in the courtyard was peaceful and the rooms were very nicely decorated. Exactly what I expect from Marriott. We highly recommend this as an alternative to the craziness! The monorail stops in the parking lot too so that made getting around very simple!	
Apr 23 2008	Not on the strip but good location	I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights, namely for a business meeting. It's not on the strip itself, and hence that's why it's price is lower than the those that are on the strip. This hotel is around $130-140/nt, so much cheaper than the ones on the strip, which is significantly less than those of similar quality on the strip. But, it doesn't remove you from the strip either. There's a tram right next to the hotel, which for $9 all day, takes you to several locations on the strip or to the airport itself. Another positive is that you're right next to the conference center, which is ideal for business travelers, but not so ideal for casual or vacation travelers. On the downside, you're a bit removed from places to eat. After a long day of business meetings, I felt compelled to simply come back to my hotel room and order the sub-par over-priced hotel restaurant food. (a foccacia sandwich was a whopping $20, and yet it was lousy). I'd only stay here if for business reasons, or if you're going to be out all day, and will grab meals elsewhere. The rooms itself are very nice, typical of a Marriott class hotel. Fresh linens, clean rooms, plenty of amenties ( for a $140/nt, I had free internet as well) are the norm.	
Apr 3 2008 	ok for the price	Hotel's grandeur is shadowed by construction around the area. Would not walk alone in the surrounding neighborhood. Tram is across the street. The room is small. The bathroom toilet was broke. The mini fridge did not keep the food cold. Complimentary water was supposed to be delivered everyday but had to ask for it.	
Mar 15 2008 	Very nice hotel just off the strip for the right price!	Stayed 3 nights here in late February 2008. Got a very nice rate of $115 per night using priceline. The Nascar folks were in town, so the strip was too pricey for me. Non smoking hotel with no casino, was very nice to come back to after a busy day on the strip. The beds were awesome, and the rooms smelt great. My fiance's brother had rude, loud, neighbors and the management moved him to a suite for no charge and $150 for their fantastic steakhouse. I would stay here again if lodging was a problem on the strip, but the monorail is right next door, so don't make the off strip location the problem. The pool was too small for me, but I would recommend this hotel for anyone who has been to Vegas several times, but if your a first timer, then stay on the strip.	
Mar 2 2008 	Great Hotel Off The Strip	My mother and I stayed in this hotel in March 2007 when I took her to see Barry Manilow at the adjacent Hilton Hotel. The Renaissance is a very clean and classy hotel located just off the strip and very close to the monorail. It's a non-casino hotel which is what attracted us to it in the first place. If you want the proper Las Vegas high life then I wouldn't recommend it but if you want a large, comfortable room with great facilities to wind down in at the end of a long, hot day then this is the place. It's not cheap and neither are the bar and restaurant but it is a very good hotel and the staff provided excellent service throughout our stay. There is a small outdoor pool but in the centre of the hotel and completely surrounded by buildings so if you want the sun your are limited to a couple of hours before it's in shadow. The Envy Bar and Grill and the bar both provided good food and drink but far more expensive than many places in the hotels along the strip. We found ourselves just having a nightcap in the hotel bar and spending most of the days out and about.To summarise, the location is great, just walk across the carpark to the monorail station and you can be on the strip in 10 minutes. You can also walk to the strip but it's a deceptively long walk. If you're doing Vegas on a budget thengo for another hotel but if you don't mind paying for the off strip peacefulness and service then this is a good hotel with good facilities.	
Feb 5 2008 	Wonderful modern hotel..	Because it's Las Vegas, this Renaissance was a Marriott category 5 and cost me 46,000 points! Ouch. If you book the hotel with points, I'm pretty sure the confirmation page states that you get access to the Conceirge Level, so make sure you print that page out! (The email confirmation does not mention Conceirge Level). The room was very modern and clean. The flat screen tv was smallish, but sufficient. The bathroom was big, the tub small, but we loved the clear glass shower. I'm attaching photos.We rented a car and there was free self parking at the hotel. Getting around (driving) is not that convenient, coz you can only turn left out of the hotel (concrete barriers). We had to take back roads to get back onto the strip.	
Jan 21 2008	Great hotel off the strip	I was really impressed with my stay at the Renaissance. It is non-smoking (what a great breath of fresh air) and since off-strip, quiet at night. The staff were very courteous and personable. The view was decent, even from the 3rd floor. The beds and pillows were very comfortable. Loved the light duvet. The bathroom was large with both a standing shower and separate tub. I also appreciated the free kiosk to check in for my flight home (we saw these at other strip hotels, however it was a minimum of a $5 charge elsewhere). We ate at Envy for breakfast, which was great and more affordable with the gift certificates from restaurant.com.I didn't realize how far off the strip it was, but the monorail was very convenient, as was the Wynn shuttle from the Convention Centre (unfortunately it stops at 8pm). An unlimited day monorail daypass was $9.I paid $110/night through Priceline on a busy weekend. Great value.	
Jan 8 2008 	Car Vandalized at the Renaissance	When I researched the Renaissance the reviews were very good. I ran across one whose car was keyed but assumed it was an isolated incident, until I returned home from my trip with my car keyed.	
Jan 3 2008 	New Years at The Renaissance	My partner and I stayed at the Renaissance from Dec 28th to Jan 1st and really enjoyed our stay there. We got a great deal through Expedia : The Renaissance is mostly a hotel for conventions and the time between Christmas and New Years is the only period of the year that no conventions are held. Check-in was quick, we requested a room with a Strip view and got it without any problem. The room itself was pretty standard, the bed was comfortable, the view was great. The bathroom was especially nice : we had a stand-in shower as well as a soaking tub. Housekeeping was super efficient, staff was courteous.As for the location of the hotel, for us it was a great advantage. The hotel is located right next to the monorail stop (we purchased 24 hours passes every day - a deal for $9, considering that a single ride costs $5). There is also a free shuttle in front of the monorail station that takes you to the Wynn. On the way back, the shuttle also makes a stop right in front of the Renaissance! What was the best about the location though was the fact that is was just far enough from the Strip to be able to decompress at night, especially at a crazy time like New Years. At the same time, it's still close enough not worry about transportation. That monorail was really a lifesaver on New Years : the Strip was completely closed to traffic (including cabs) so we were able to come back to the hotel before midnight and watch the fireworks from our room and celebrate the New Year with our own little private party!By the way expect the cab fare from airport to be around 12 $ and to downtown (Freemont St.): 10 $ (excluding tip).	
Dec 31 2007	Nice hotel	We got this hotel on Priceline for $100/night. It's away from the Strip area, so it's quiet here at night. Check in was quick and the staff was friendly. They give you chocolate olive shaped candy when you check in. Our room was huge with a nice bathroom. The only problem is the shower door doesn't seal all the way, so your floor ends up flooding quite a bit. The bed is very comfortable. There is a monorail right outside the hotel that takes you to the strip area. It's $9 for a 24 hour pass, which is less than cab fare. There is a cafe that serves Starbucks products downstairs. They pretty much have everything the real store would have. Their gym is awesome. It's always packed, but if you get there early, you should have no problem. They have an outdoor heated pool with a jacuzzi, but we didn't use it, though other people were in it. The only complaint was the internet access charge, which we didn't pay for. Seems like lower class hotels offer free internet and places like this always charge. It's $12.95 for 24 hrs. If you want to come to Vegas but don't want to be on the strip, this is a great place for you.	
Dec 19 2007 	Great Service and Accommodations	Immediately after signing the registration form, the front desk staffer came from around desk holding an oversized martini glass filled with individually wrapped &quot;chocolate olives,&quot; welcoming me to the hotel and encouraging me to choose a chocolate.That phenomenal presentation told me I was about to experience a great stay, and that's exactly what happened.The room was elegant, with comfortable beds and space galore. Each night was peaceful, and room service was terrific.The on-site restaurant (is it Ego?) served delicious breakfasts and dinners. There are no other restaurants in the area, so if you're looking choice, it's not at this end of the strip.I loved the courtyard pool and lounge area. It's easy to fall asleep on one of the large chairs.The monorail is steps away when you're ready to visit the busy part of the strip, and the convention center is next door to the hotel -- very convenient if in town for an event.I'm not one who needs the strip's bright lights to validate my Las Vegas stay, which is why this hotel is a delight for me. If you're the same, you'll love staying here.	
Dec 12 2007 	Great off-strip hotel	We had a Marriott Silver Elite special deal - $109 for the night and got $200 in bonus bucks. It was the only reason we booked it - better return than the slot machines! But, after we got there, we realized this hotel had much more to offer than just a great price. The quality of the furnishings, amenities and bedding were excellent. I loved the down duvet on the bed - light but warm and comfy. The bathroom was luxurious with the frameless glass shower enclosure and separate marble tub. The service was excellent and everyone there was very happy and helpful. They all seemed to enjoy their jobs.The location was nice - close to everything, but not right in the middle of everything.I am going back in January to stay with friends and will be at the Renaissance for the night prior to meeting my friends. I'm looking forward to it.	
Dec 5 2007 	Renaissance stay was wonderful!	First of all, we stayed here free through the &quot;free Vacation timeshare offer for Tahiti Village Condos&quot;, which is another story.As far as the Renaissance goes, everything was almost perfect. The doorman Vince was a sweetheart. All the staff were friendly and courteous. The hotel is amazing. Very clean and so contemporary. TIP: The Envy Steakhouse is expensive, but my husband and I were able to share a meal (which the waiter was more than happy to do) and we had more than enough food at a reasonable price. TIP: If you want to go over to the Wynn hotel like we did to see how nice it is (they have an awesome nightclub called Tryst), you can walk over to the monorail station and get ona complimentary Wynn hotel shuttle that will take you there. After you are there, if you want to go to the Mall, it is right across the street. Then when you want to go back to the Ren hotel, you can get back on the Wynn shuttle and it will take you back to the monorail station that is right by the Ren hotel. TIP: Since the Ren hotel is not on the strip, if you want an inexpensive way of transportation, the monorail station is right there by the hotel and you can by a 24 hr. pass for $9 per person and it will take you all along the strip all the way down to Mandalay Bay with several station stops along the way. There is some walking involved. TIP: For breakfast, you can walk across the street to the Courtyard Marriott. For us, the shop in the Ren hotel was pretty pricey. Since it was very cold, we did not use the pool which was outside. No indoor pool. The room had a small refrigerator which was convenient. I can't think of anything else useful right now except to say that the hotel was very very nice.I will post about our Tahiti Village &quot;free vacation&quot; experience under Tahiti Village.	
Nov 28 2007 	not so great!	I have visited this hotel with friends. We booked 2 club-floor rooms and asked for king-bed, high floor. As a marriott gold member they always have to give you these rooms!What a surprise when we checked in we had 2 rooms 3 or 4 floors below the club-floor (which I booked!). And both with 2 queen beds! We did not want that! At check in the boy could only change 1 room into club-floor/king. The next day I complaint at the front-desk but they took their shoulders....The attitude of staff (as well as frontdesk as club-floor (waiting) staff) should become a lot better otherwise they lose guests!However, the concierge he was a very nice gentle person! He helped us out to book helicoptertours and the Spa. Spa was close by and the hotel arranged tansport without extra costs! and the lady-bartender even remembered which wine I drunk after 1 night already!This service was really good. Hotel in a good location, exact the good distance to avoid the hassle at the Strip!Not sure if we will stay here again!	
Nov 25 2007	Renaissance is fabulous.	After lengthy waits to check in and out at Mandalay Bay on my last trip to Vegas, I knew I wanted to stay at an off strip non-casino property. The Renaissance could not have been a better choice. Complimentary valet parking. Immediate check in and out on Thanksgiving weekend. A clean, modern furnished spacious room with a very comfortable bed. Quite for a restful night's sleep.Coffee maker in-room with Starbucks and a little frig with complimentary waters. Great lobby/bar area and Ego Cafe which has Starbucks coffee. Enjoyed the hot tub and heated pool. There is an exercise room although we didn't use it nor did we dine at Envy, their steakhouse.Staff was efficient, helpful and extremely friendly. The property is conveniently located next to the LV Convention Center and the Monorail. You can buy a 24 hr pass for $9 which, contrary to other posts, we found to be cheaper than cabs due to strip traffic, particularly on weekend nights.(Average cab ride was $10 bucks to the strip and more if going downtown.)Look for Marriott special rates to make this an affordable off strip alternative.	
Nov 22 2007	My Hotel In Vegas!!	I have stayed at this hotel more than 6 times. Every single time my service is exceptional. I love the room, ammenties, large shower, bathroom, modern design and comfort.I also love the staff! They are always professional, courteous and spoil me!! The hotel is quiet, has everything I need, from a work out facitiity, pool, spa, business office and an incredible steak restaruant. It rivals my favorite Maestro's in Scottsdale, which is also very exceptional!The value of the room, the service, the easy access to the strip, shopping, and of course the convention center. I have stayed at 4 star hotels on the strip that should be 2 star, and this hotel should be a 5 star! Also, I must say on this stay it had been almost a year since my last visit. Anthony, the lead bellman and the valet attendent both remembered me, where I was from and my car, that I had not driven. I would say they are pretty exceptional with customer service, it is nice to be remembered!Sandy / La Jolla, CA	
Nov 14 2007 	If you don't want to stay at a Casino Hotel on the strip than COME HERE	Me and three friends of mine stayed here for 4 nights. We didn’t want to stay at a casino hotel, that’s why we decided to stay here. Also this hotel is very new. I am happy we made this decision. The Hotel is very nice, staffs is very friendly. The rooms are very big and have a very nice bathroom. They also have a nice bar down in the lobby, where you can have a short drink before you leave to the strip. A coffee shop is in the hotel, so if you don’t want to have a large breakfast you can go there for a coffee and a sandwich. The poolside isn’t very special. But it didn’t matter to me, because I didn’t want to use it anyway. The skytrain is leaving right in front of the hotel and it brings you to the strip, also there is a free bus shuttle to the Wynn Hotel right at the entrance for the skytrain. Cap to the strip is about 6-8 USD and takes only some minutes. They also have a nice restaurant in the hotel which looked very, very nice but I never had dinner there, so I can not tell you how the food is. Everybody working at this hotel is extremely friendly. We got a special rate for this hotel thru our company, so the value was perfect. If you don’t want to stay at one of the Casino Hotels on the strip than COME HERE !!!	
Nov 13 2007 	Great Alternative to the Strip!	I had to go to Vegas for business and went the weekend before to have some fun...stayed at the Renaissance because that is where my class was and you couldn't beat the price ($139 per night--even on the weekend!)The front desk staff was great, very friendly...room was wonderful, very comfortable bed...only two towels each day, which was a little unusual, but I am sure we could have got more if we asked. Location next to the monorail is great, but if there is more than one of you take a cab--cheaper. Did not eat at Envy due to the reviews posted here. There is a little cafe (E-Go) that has yucky lattes and some overpriced snacks etc...it is only open until 9. Keep that in mind, there is no place near by to get snacks or sundries...bottle water at E-GO is $3.50 or so for a little bottle and the tap water in the rooms in terrible. If you get back to your room after 9 and you haven't eaten, you pretty much are stuck with room service (about 5 choices on the late night menu) They did put small bottles of water in our fridge on one of the 5 days we were there.I think this is a good alternative to the strip--and to be able to walk downstairs and sit by the pool without having to go through the casino was great. BTW--pool area serves as smoking area, and since it is enclosed by 4 walls (open top) it gets very smoky in there. I am not bothered by smoke in restaurants and casions, but it was a bit much by the pool.....	
Nov 11 2007	Great hotel next to the convention center	Convenient location next to the convention center. If you're in Vegas for site seeing, it's a bit away from the strip. You'll need to take a $10 cab to get to the strip for you to sightseeing.Clean rooms, great beds, spacious bathroom. Very typical Marriott, high standards.	
Nov 4 2007 	Great Stay Great Price My Favorite LAS Property	October 2007 – I spent two nights at Renaissance Las Vegas Hotel while I was attending human resources training at the nearby Westin. I also stayed two nights at the Residence Inn, Hughes center. This property was a much better value and better stay for me than at the Residence Inn - Hughes center. I checked in late at night after arriving at the McLaren International Airport. You have to allow some time between the airport, baggage claim and car rental facility which is apart from the airport. I used Hertz but the first car they gave me a Malibu had some warning lights about checking both the front tires so I received a Pontiac G5 instead.My drive from the auto rental facility to the Renaissance was about 10 - 15 minutes. Check in was smooth. I received a king room. I asked for quiet room away from elevator. Even number rooms X02 – X30 face West and the Strip. Even number rooms X32 and above face North with views of the convention center and Hilton. Odd numbered rooms face South or East.My room was good size and there is a high king size bed. The bed is very comfortable. There are feather pillows on the bed and for those who prefer, foam pillows in the closet. Lighting in the room was excellent. There was also a comfortable arm chair and ottoman. The room was quiet.The room had a flat screen high-definition TV, but no high-definition programming. Besides a good variety of broadcast and cable channels, the hotel offers a large selection of pay-per-view movies. The room has a good work desk and office-style chair.Under the TV were a mini refrigerator, an electronic safe, and the ice bucket with glasses.The bathrooms have both a tub and separate shower. Lighting is great. The Leather brand bath amenities are good quality and included: mint-thyme shampoo, conditioner, lotion, bath gel, and mouthwash. On the shelf below the sink is a coffee maker and hair dryer. Another nice feature is the magnifying mirror on a stand so that it can be taken to the desk to use.The room was very clean and housekeeping was excellent during my stay. I had breakfast at Envy restaurant, the buffet is not inexpensive but it was good. The hotel has a small outdoor pool and a very large exercise room. We did not use either.The Renaissance also offers valet parking. Both self and valet parking are free. One thing I like best about this property is it is close to Las Vegas Monorail and the Monorail is better than driving around Las Vegas. One morning, I took the Monorail to the Hilton for breakfast.I paid an internet special group rate of $110.00. I paid close to $200 at the Residence Inn, Hughes Center and other than the Residence Inn room has small kitchen, I preferred my stay at the Renaissance. Staff at the Renaissance were more welcoming and friendly.Several of my workshop attendees and I took the Papillion Helicopter tour from Las Vegas to the Grand Canyon. I highly recommend it. For our tour, they picked us up from our properties and drove us back. I highly recommend this property as alternative to the smoke filled casino hotels on the strip.	
Nov 1 2007 	Horrible -- BAD AREA	I stayed at this hotel for a conference and everything went great -- unitl my car got keyed in their valet parking! I had 20 miles drove on my vehicle and found a cell phone or radio clip in my PASSANGER SEAT!!!! The back of my car was keyed with rapist, murder, eddie evernon, bonners ferry Idaho. I told the supervisor on and I did not get any sympathy. security was notified and the security manager said hed watch the tapes. The 3 days worth of camera footage he reviewed in approx 4 hours -- no way!!!! The hotel does not feel they are responsible for my damages or my miles or the phone clip i found. I was told &quot;this is vegas&quot; I was also told by one of their valet parkers (they were the only nice people) that their cameras are &quot;crap&quot; and they wouldnt be able to see anyhting. The hotel and service was great. I would have definetly stayed their again if they were to be a little nicer about my car vandalism. Dont be fooled by the complimentary valet parking. its not free --- nothings free theyll use your gas when you least expect it. DO NOT PARK YOUR CAR IN VALET HERE!!!!	
Oct 24 2007 	My new Favorite in Vegas!	I stayed here recently on the 2nd part of a business trip and fell in love with the hotel. When I checked in, the front desk attendees were beyond wonderful and helpful. My room was perfect and even had a pleasantly surprising view. I rented a car this time and the garage is super-convenient. The only issue I had getting there was some terrible construction going on right on the road in front of the hotel, which made things a bit confusing. Its a few feet to the monorail station, so the location is unbeatable and if you are there for a convention, it’s even closer to the convention center. Anyway, more on the room. The bed was to die for. Pure heaven! The Flat-screen TV rocked and the bathroom was so luxurious. There was also a comfy robe hanging in the closet to enjoy. As many others have stated, this place is an escape from the hustle and bustle of Vegas Casino Hotels. I love to gamble, but I really appreciated the peace and quiet on this trip. I also thought it would be great for small children who normally would have to be chased and watched after carefully in a casino (although there isn’t much for them to do). The pool was small and not very sunny, but it was well maintained and pretty. It’s better than nothing I guess.Overall, I really loved this hotel and plan to go back on my next trip. Money –wise it fell under my per-diem so it was super affordable for what you are getting.	
Oct 18 2007	Excellent!	This is my 3rd review on this hotel, and it's gotten better each time. This year I had zero issues, and it's really a gem, especially if you have a convention next door at the Convention Center. As I've said, the beds are the best I've slept in tied with the Wynn. You almost can't wait to go to sleep the beds and pillows are so comfortable. Everyone I've talked to about this hotel agree that the beds are sublime. Rooms are great and very trendy and hip. I do have to say that Envy Steakhouse, while good, is a bit overpriced for what you're getting. Portions are small, and wait times are long sometimes even when you're seated. I did say it was one of the best in Vegas, but I've since been in better. It's very good, but not the best. The problem is it's a cab ride to the strip to find something better. The distance to the monorail is perfect, and you can catch the Wynn shuttle right down the street. If you do have a convention, you simply cannot beat the distance to and from the hotel and convention center unless you sleep in the convention center itself! Great fitness center too if that's important to you. The front desk service has improved 100% from years past. They are much more helpful and considerate, and I had no issues with any of the hotel services. Walls are a bit thin, but I had good neighbors, so it wasn't bad at all, and if you don't like casinos, this is your place. I'll stay here again for sure!	
Oct 10 2007 	Not Bad Not Great	I stayed at the hotel last Friday and Saturday night, and I have mixed reviews of the place. I got a fantastic deal through the hotel's website at $139 for Friday and Saturday night, which is incredible for a Friday and Saturday night in October.... but more on the price later. First off the bell and valet staff. They were absolutely fantastic. I can't say enough good things about them. they were very helpfull always seemed happy to see you, and were very friendly and always willing to give directions. They were definitely top notch.Hotel, not including rooms -- This was a bit lacking. The resturaung was o.k., but a tad expensive for the quality. The lobby was nice, but the pool rediculously small. (it was rather cold so there was not a crowd, but I think it would be very crowded in the summer). The business center never seemed to be quite right. The people in the center were more interested in chatting amongst themselves than they were at getting you logged onto the internet. Also, the $10 minimum internet charge was pretty steep I thought, considering the connection speed seemed to be only a little faster than dial up. Also they only had 2 working terminals so it was very hard to even get a spot. The Starbucks right beside the business center was top notch though, and the workers there were very friendly.Rooms -- They felt old. caCarpet was not nice and gave me flashbacks to the 70's, which I am probably too young to remember. Beds were moderately comfortable, but nothing to write home about. Overall the rooms just felt out dated. Location -- The location of the hotel was actually not too bad. You were a very short walk to the tram station, maybe 100 yards away. It made getting around very handy. I don't know how comfortable I would be walking from the tram station late at night though. The surrounding neighborhood is very seedy. Also, with a rental car it is a tad diffidult going south out of the hotel. You have to drive through some pretty rough neighborhoods to do so, which made the lotion a bit unfavorable.Front Desk -- Most were very helpfull, but I did talk to one that was just downright rude. They were trying to charge me $239, instead of $139, and he was kind of &quot;well that's just the way it is&quot;.. nothing I can do about it. Luckily the manager was a little more caring however and was able to get me my original $139 rate.Overall -- I would stay here any time for $139 on Friday or Saturday. At $239, which is more usually the price, I would probably stay at the Signature MGM for just a few more dollars. Much nicer and way better location if you were looking to not stay at a mega resort. With the roughness of the surrounding neighborhood, there are far better places for the $239 rate. But again, for $139 on a weekend, this place is good.	
Oct 3 2007 	Peaceful Smoke-Free Las Vegas Oasis	September 28-October 1, 2007 – My wife and I spent three nights at the Renaissance Las Vegas Hotel to celebrate her birthday. It was her first stay at the hotel and my third. We used Marriott Reward points for our stay. I was very pleased that we were treated the same as when I was a paying guest.Check-in was very fast, taking about two minutes. We received a king room with a strip view as requested on the 14th floor. I knew the rooms from previous stays, and my wife was really pleased at the décor and quality. Our room was #1414. Even number rooms X02 – X30 face West and the Strip. Even number rooms X32 and above face North with views of the convention center and Hilton. Odd numbered rooms face South or East.The first thing you notice about the room was the large and high king bed. It is really the centerpiece of the room. The bed is very comfortable. There are feather pillows on the bed and for those who prefer, foam pillows in the closet. Lighting in the room was excellent. There was also a comfortable arm chair and ottoman.The room had a flat screen high-definition TV, but no high-definition programming. Besides a good variety of broadcast and cable channels, the hotel offers a large selection of pay-per-view movies. Pay per view movies 8.99, less expensive than many other hotels that I have stayed at lately. The room has a good work desk and office-style chair.High-speed internet was complimentary, but this may have been because we were staying on a Club Floor. The internet connection was the fastest I have ever measured at a hotel. Download speed was clocked at 6.6 MBS using the Speakeasy Speed Test connecting to a Los Angeles server. Upload speed clocked at 4.3 MBS, faster than my fiber optic service at home. Under the TV were a mini refrigerator, an electronic safe, and the ice bucket with glasses.The bathrooms have both a tub and separate shower. Lighting is great. The Leather brand bath amenities are good quality and included: mint-thyme shampoo, conditioner, lotion, bath gel, and mouthwash. On the shelf below the sink is a coffee maker and hair dryer. Another nice feature is the magnifying mirror on a stand so that it can be taken to the desk to use.The room was very clean and housekeeping was excellent during our stay. Housekeeping came in sometime in the evening, left chocolates, and refreshed the bathroom.Ego Café is located in the lobby and brews Starbucks coffee. They also offer pastries, sandwiches, and other snacks and drinks. Service was friendly and fast. The prices for Starbucks seemed to be the same as stand alone stores.We had breakfast at Envy restaurant, finishing before Sunday brunch which started at 11 AM. There was live jazz beginning at 11:00 AM, but I am not sure that happens every Sunday. A very complete breakfast for my wife and I with tax and tip came to about $35.00. In the evenings Envy is a steakhouse. We did not have a free evening to try it, but it looks like they take steaks and wine very seriously.The Club Lounge on the 15th floor was not open over the weekend, but we were able to use it for breakfast Monday morning. They offered a scrambled egg/sausage/bacon hot entrée as well as a pretty complete continental breakfast.The hotel has a small outdoor pool and a very large exercise room. We did not use either.Self parking is easy and convenient in the attached structure. The Renaissance also offers valet parking. Both self and valet parking are free. The elevator from the parking garage opens onto the first floor lobby.One of the best things about the Renaissance Las Vegas hotel is returning from the other casino hotels. They seemed very smoky, very loud, and crowded. From my three stays at this hotel I can personally recommend it very highly.	
Oct 2 2007 	Where's the Bathroom fan?	Off the beaten path&quot;, means not on the strip. Glad we had a car. Neighborhood is questionable. Modern and pleasant especially the work out area with a small but nice pool area. The walls are paper thin. You can hear everything! The bath is large but has no fan. When it is 100 degrees outside, you can cool your room but the bath can still be warm and humid. Nice if you at the convention center and staying by yourself. Staff can be helpful. Refrigerator in room is a nice touch. If you can afford anything near the strip go there if you are on vacation. Convienent to monorail which is the only public transportation nearby. Nice looking lounge. Odd entrance to parking garage off side street for parking. Call first and get clear specific directions.	
Sep 22 2007 	Great Room and Bathroom	Stayed here one night using a free night certificate, I have not stayed at a Renaissance in a long time and was very impressed by the modern and fresh decor. The room was perfect for us and I love the large bathroom with corner glass shower and seperate tub. The bed though I must say was extremely firm, which was surprising since the Marriott bed is very cozy. The next day we had a very nice breakfast in the concierge lounge. I really enjoyed the hotel and did not want to check out. We left for the Marriott Suites for two more nights.	
Sep 20 2007 	Loved this place!	Girls weekend in Vegas was great &amp; this hotel made it even better! Property well kept, staff very professional and helpful, not far from the strip but far enough to get away from the crowds &amp; noise and the best doormen/bellhops I've ever came in contact with (very knowledgable of Vegas &amp; great recommendations for food &amp; fun). I would recommend this hotel to anyone!! Also, if you do stay at this property, you must try the resturant downstairs...the food is wonderful!!	
Sep 18 2007	I can move in first of the month	What a beautiful hotel. The room was the size of a small condo, the view was SPECTACULAR, the bed was FABULOUS and the color scheme was very relaxing. We must have gotten lucky or just too tired, but I didn't notice any &quot;thin wall noise,&quot; or ooooops was that me making all the noise, afterall, I was with a very gifted date.Can't say much for the pool, but its not like its the only one in Las Vegas, all worked out.The Legend and I had a great time.	
Sep 18 2007 	Great alternative to staying on the Strip	A great stay, we loved The Renaissance. Our room, while maybe not challenging The Venetian, was spacious and attractively furnished. Housekeeping was good and everything was clean. Best of all we didn’t have to hike through the casino (there isn’t one) to move around.For us this is a great alternative to the Strip, its only 40 yards to the Convention Centre Monorail Station (currently offering a 24 hour pass for $9) and you can be in the main Strip hotels in minutes. Or catch the complimentary Wynn shuttle at the same place to access Wynn, Venetian, Treasure Island and the Fashion Show Mall.	
Sep 8 2007 	Great Room Great Price	I stayed here during Labor Day weekend, 2007, because everything else I was interested in was much more expensive and/or booked. I was pleasantly surprised. I had a regular room which was very large, with a very comfortable bed and a large bathroom. The hotel was busy but not crowded. I was pleasantly surprised on a Sunday afternoon by a jazz brunch that a local radio station sponsored. The hotel has a steakhouse which I didn't eat at, and a walk up counter for sandwiches, water, coffee, etc. It was a 5 minute walk across the convention center parking lot to the monorail. I never had to wait for a cab either. The valets and hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. This was also an extremely hot weekend and the air conditioning in my room worked great. This hotel is a great place to stay if you dont want to deal with the hustle and bustle of staying at a casino property. I would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 30 2007 	Worth every single penny!	Amazing hotel, great location!. Easy, easy access to the tram and none of the craziness of being right on the strip. I will say that the restaurant downstairs is a bit on the high priced side for the portions but I can only speak for the two meals we ordered, other items on the menu might be different. But even so, there are so many options for dining in Las Vegas. We stayed two nights here and one night at the Excalibur and when we got to the Excalibur I didn't even want to sleep in the bed. When we go back to Vegas we will stay at the Renaissance no matter what the price. They have the most comfortable beds in the world and the rooms were extremely clean. If your fortunate enough to end up on the concierge level the breakfast is awesome along with the view out the window of the strip. I just cannot begin to say enough good things about this property. It is worth every single peeny they want to charge. Book the room, you won't regret it!!!	
Aug 26 2007 	Very nice stay at the Renaissance	Stayed at the Renaissance August 3-6, 2007. Very hot time of the year in Vegas. Hotel is only one block from the monorail. The station is literally right in front of the hotel. So if you don't have a car it is really convenient.The location is off strip, non smoking, non casino. Which can be good and bad. Depending on what you are looking for. Had a room on the 11th floor with view of whole Strip. Very nice. The room is big and clean. Comfy bed and sheets. The bathroom is big with a seperate shower/seperate tub. The shower pressure is very powerful. No way to change the pressure. It's all one setting. I thought this was a little strange as Vegas is in the desert and not alot of water is readily available. Coffeemaker with Starbucks is available.Alot of space to put your clothes. There is a flat screen tv in the room. As other reviewers have said, the reception is bad but still viewable and it takes about 3 seconds for stations to change. Which can be a problem for some people. I thought that it was a little inconvenient when I was watching tv. No turndown service. I wonder if this is the norm or the housekeepers just forgot?It wasn't a problem for me. If you are looking for a pool scene then this isn't your hotel. Small with very few lounge chairs. The pool is covered with shade early afternoon.There is a restaurant located in the hotel. I can't comment on it because I didn't eat there. Free valet/self parking. Valet service was prompt. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for an off strip hotel. However the monorail is so close and the strip is not too far by car. It was a very convienent location for me. Very nice style. Contemporary. Clean. Look at their website for special offers.	
Aug 21 2007 	Great Off the Strip Hotel	The Renassiance Las Vegas is a hidden gem in a city where hotel rooms are becoming way to ordinary. In a 2000+ room monster casino hotel, you are just another gambler/guest who doesnt matter. I found that the Renassiance Las Vegas to be just the opposite. I was concerned about staying off the strip and away from the action but everything Vegas as to offer is a monorail ride away. After being told horror stories by the cabbie from the airport about the neighborhood around the hotel I was a bit nervous. While I'm sure he has a point, I don' t know that I would go wandering in any neighborhood area that I was not familiar with in any town, let along Vegas. Stick to using the monorail and you will be fine. It's just across the parking lot and on the grounds of the Las Vegas Convention Center. Check in was outstanding and the staff is very friendly. They hooked me up with early check in after coming in first thing from Los Angeles. The room was clean and very well decorated. The pool area was great and enjoyable. The room service was quick and very tasty. The only minor problem I had was a bad seal on the shower stall door which left quite a puddle on the floor. I think this place is great when you want to enjoy Vegas but also don't mind being away from the Strip. You can always head over to the madness by jumping on the monorail or free Wynn shuttle which are equal distant from the front door. It's a great place to stay.	
Aug 21 2007 	Nice change from the bustle of casinos	I normally stay in big casinos when I visit Vegas, but this time as I was looking for a cheaper alternative, I chose the Renaissance. I was a little nervous because I had never stayed there (or known of anyone else who had) but I must say I was very pleasantly surprised. It was definitely a nice change over the hustle-bustle of Strip Casinos. We were in a hospitality suite and the room was clean and spacious.When we arrived late on a Saturday night, there was actually a problem with our booking (apparently hotels.com decided to charge us and then not make our reservation). However, even though the Renaissance was full for the night, the staff worked quite hard to make sure we were accommodated, even when another hotel refused to take us because they were full. I was definitely grateful for the efforts in making sure we were taken care of, and will stay there again in the future.	
Jul 17 2007 	Awesome service and nice rooms	Stayed here for one night while passing through. Got a rate of 139 on the the hotel website. The thing that really struck me about this hotel was the service and friendliness of the staff. As soon as we drove up, the valet opened our car door and said, &quot;Welcome to the Renaissance, we're glad you are here.&quot; That set the tone for the entire day. Check in was fast. The bellman was very courteous and introduced us the the hotel and the staff on our way up the the room. The rooms were a bit on the small side, but the beds were comfy and the decor was beautiful. I loved the walk-in shower. I just really appreciated how courteous the entire staff was. The pool was also heated. We will absolutely stay here the next time we come to Vegas. If you are looking for a non-gaming hotel that is super close to the strip, then stay here. I have stayed at the Southpoint, Circus Circus, and MGM, and this is my favorite hotel so far.	
Jul 17 2007	OK business hotel	Strong points:Off the main stripNon-smokingFree bottled water in roomClean modern roomDecent work-out room Room prices were reasonableRoom service people did a great jobWeak points:Difficult to get a cab at the hotelOnly one restaurant with below average food qualityRelatively clueless and curt front desk serviceVery thin walls in between rooms. You can hear every conversation. For business, I think this hotel would be OK but for vacation I think you can get a better deal and a little bit more convenience elsewhere.	
Jul 15 2007	Nice stay and quiet place	The hotel is at one block from the monorail that takes you to the strip in case you are not with car. If you want to sacrifice a little bit of location as to be in peace this is a great option.Pool was wonderful, not so many people and great music. If you check others pools in Strip hotel you couldn't find a spot at the swimming pool as is very crowded and very loud.Rooms are not very big but very clean. excelent restaurant and good decor to have a nice breakfast.	
Jul 14 2007 	Beautiful hotel professional 	We were going to Las Vegas for a short weekend in January 2007, and decided on staying with the Renaissance. From the moment we walked through the door, we could tell the hotel was new, professional &amp; friendly staff, great decor, and the rooms were fabulous! My husband &amp; I were celebrating our anniversary, and I was so glad that it was not a casino hotel. Very clean and nothing like the smoke filled casino hotels that fill the Vegas strip. The conceirge service was great, answered many questions we had about where to eat or what to see in Vegas. We had shared that it was our anniversary, so upon our return to our room our first night, we were delighted to find a complementary bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries! Their website photos exude the style and class that we experienced. Look forward to staying with them again!	
Jul 12 2007 	Loved it can I move in	I stayed at this hotel with family and it was great the distance from the strip was at best five minutes you were also central to other main streets the personnel was fantastic the rooms were beautiful spacious and immaculate the pool area was very relaxing and the couches made it hard to leave and go to the room	
Jul 12 2007 	Quiter option in a vibrant city	Location: Slightly off the Strip. So, you may consider this bad if gambling and walking up/down Las Vegas Boulevard is your thing. It’s a non-gaming hotel, so it’s quieter.There was road construction going on, in front of the hotel, but we had one of the rooms in the back – facing the pool, so we did not hear any noise if it did occur early in the day.The pros:Off the strip – quiet.Classy décor, clean, tidy, large room.Other people later mentioned a free breakfast, but we totally missed that, so I am not in a position to comment on it!The monorail is close by so if you NEED to get to the casinos, it's not too difficult.The Cons:A little confusing to get to with all the construction going on around the Strip and near the hotel.The staff was very indifferent during the check-in processThis would be my preference if I was just hopping in and out of town. For a real Las Vegas experience, stay on or closer to the Strip!	
Jul 8 2007 	Classy Modern Impressive!	The Renaissance is not a casino hotel and offered the quiet comfort and convenience I desired. We stayed on the club level and it was fantastic. Free continental breakfasts, evening hor's dourves and late night desserts are provided daily. The breakfast is awesome; bagel lox, fresh fruit selection, breakfast burritos, danishes, bagels, muffins, french toast... Free sodas and bottled water were also available throughout the day. The staff was very nice and the rooms were spacious and modern. The bed was fabulous! Better than the Westin's Heavenly Bed, believe it or not! In 116 degree weather, I do not recommend walking anywhere from the Renaissance. We did it the first day and I will never do that again. One block is equivalent to about a mile in Vegas. Use the monorail next door at the Las Vegas Convention Center to visit all of the casinos on the Strip if you do not drive (hotel/casino parking throughout the Strip is free for some reason). A twenty-four hour pass for the monorail is $8 pp. The Renaissance pool is not very big but it does have a nice patio with covered lounge seating and plenty of towels. I prefer not to be in big crowds or crowded areas. The Renaissance was a perfect choice for me.	
Jul 6 2007 	An oasis of sanity in Las Vegas	I am writing this review from my comfortable room on the 9th floor, overlooking the Las Vegas skyline. I had spent a few days at the South Point Hotel/Casino (and left $500 poorer, courtesy of the slots!) this was my last day in Vegas and I was looking to spend some time closer to the Strip, but not on the Strip itself.I booked the night before, and got a room for $105, parking was easy (and not a marathon trek away from reception/rooms) The hotel prides itself on being a non-gaming hotel, and I appreciated the lack of slot machines and crowds of slug-like zombies traipsing through the gaming floor (anyone who has been to Vegas will know what I am talking about!). It is easy to get 'casino fatigue' in this town. The reception staff were pleasant and efficient, and quickly had me checked in and on my way up to my room. The room was a little smaller than what I am used to in Vegas, but spotlessly clean and modern. The view across to the Wynn hotel and the rest of the Strip from my room is fantastic. The hotel has a great looking steak restaurant, 'Envy' and a nice bar, and a coffee shop. I used room service, and was delighted with the level of service I received when I made my order. The food was excellent, and hot, which is unusual for room service!There is a small pool area, again very smart and clean. The entire hotel is non-smoking, as a smoker, even I appreciated that! It is just a two minute walk over to the monorail station that offers a quick run into the big hotels of the Strip. If I find myself in Vegas again, I would deifnitely stay here again, away from the madding crowd, clean, smart, classy, affordable. I can't recommend this hotel enough.	
Jul 5 2007 	No more free internet at the Ren Las Vegas	For my latest stay at the Ren Las Vegas, I was disappointed to see that the hotel has gone &quot;Marriott&quot; by doing the Wired for Business internet - now $12.95 a day. Hey, but it includes free local and USA long distance phone calls from the room. Uh, note to the Ren staff: we all carry cell phones these days. With the additional $13 daily premium, and in the especially hot summer months, when you're walking to the monorail station, the Ren's advantages are slowly being outweighed by its disadvantages. You should factor in this excessive charge if you use internet when choosing properties in Las Vegas. The Ren is now equal to Strip hotels in this regard - so why not just simply stay at a Strip hotel? The Ren must continue to provide compelling reasons to stay off-strip and use the monorail, and losing free internet takes away their most compelling reason.The rooms are holding up well, though there were minor stains on the carpet in my room. The windows are well insulated so you don't hear street noise, but the adjacent walls are not as well insulated, so if a group of giggly women next door decide to laugh at nothing for 20 minutes...you'll hear it.The 32&quot; LCDs have been and continue to be too small for the size of the room. Changing the channel takes about two seconds and the lag is annoying. None of the channels are HDTV.As a Silver elite, I was first given an odd-numbered room, with a lovely view of the top floor of the parking garage. I called to check on the availability of an even-numbered room facing the Strip and there was one - so why wasn't I given it in the first place? A minor annoyance but part of what I feel is a slow decline in the Ren's reputation in my mind.	
Jul 5 2007 	Best trip to Vegas yet	Well I'm not one to usually go to Vegas, but when I saw the deal on Travelzoo, I knew it was a deal too good to pass up. When I booked the deal, no king rooms were available, but this would have been fine. My girlfriend and I had to leave LA late Friday evening and we didn't arrive in Vegas until about midnight, which I thought surely blew any chances at getting a King bed. Upon arrival, we checked in within seconds, arrived at our room overlooking Northern Las Vegas (including the stratosphere) and had a king bed. The room was clean, nice, and comfortable. Last time I stayed at the MGM and all I remembered was hearing loud people yelling up and down the hall all night as they came and went from the clubs and casino. This hotel was a quiet and perfect escape from the hustle of the strip, while featuring the absolute convenience of getting to the strip within minutes via the monorail. I found the entire staff of the hotel, very nice and pleasant. I know there were other complaints about not getting the deal they booked or the front desk being up-tight, but I never once found that to be a problem. They even went out of their way when they saw me walking around a little lost. All and all we had a great time and would surely enjoy staying here again.	
Jun 25 2007 	Boring and vanilla	If you don't want to know you are in Vegas, this is a great place to stay. This hotel would be right at home in any medium to large city anywhere in the US.It's clean, quiet, but also boring as all get out and overpriced (a Days Inn, La Quinta, or Comfort Inn would be just a good... and cheaper). Most of the suits we saw there were probably too uptight to notice anyway. It's Vegas for god's sake... even if you are there for business I would still recommend a place that had a little more of that Vegas &quot;feel&quot;.	
Jun 24 2007 	Chic and clean!	Staying at mostly 4 stars and up hotels, I was really impressed with this one. The price of the hotel is great even when I stayed during the weekend. The hotel room feels super new and clean, things which I liked compared to the nearby Hilton(it feels unkempt I dare not take off my shoes). The overall decor of the hotel is very modern as well. The customer service I received was excellent and they are very helpful. However, the pool and hot tub are pretty small. This hotel is not even listed in the local hotel magazines. I wonder why?	
Jun 18 2007	Totally impressed!!	We were in Las Vegas for a convention. We were scheduled to stay at Gold Coast, but we decided to go there one day earlier. So we found this great deal at Renaissance Hotel - we stayed there for just one night. It was fabulous! The entire hotel is smoke free. We didn't realize how much we appreicated that until we walked into Gold Coast the following day and was attacked by the tobacco smell the minute we opened the lobby door. Other than that, the Renaissance was clean, it was new, very well maintained, the room and bathroom were spacious, the staff was courteous. It was a direct contract to the Gold Coast. The only negative comment I have is that the shower was a little weak - not enough pressure. But yes, we will be back.	
Jun 11 2007 	Stay here if you dislike smoke and casino noise!	I was so pleased with this hotel. I was attending at the convention center and the hotel was so close and the staff was friendly. I hesitate to go to Las Vegas because I dislike the cigarette smoke and constant noise of most hotels. The Renaissance was so clean and peaceful I would stay here again without hesitation. I also enjoyed the restaurant in the hotel. I must also mention the beds which are wonderful!	
Jun 11 2007 	Great value luxury alternative to the Strip	Very friendly, efficient check in. Obtained a King Room although none had been available when we had booked on the internet. Club level room – very quiet. Lovely furnishings, well maintained and clean. Nice spacious bathroom with bathtub and separate shower. If you’re a swimmer/sunbather, it’s worth noting that the pool area is fairly small and loses the sun by mid-afternoon. A tip when booking – check the “special rates” page as the specials (in our case a third of the rack rate and with free breakfast!) do not come up automatically if you use the normal reservations page. Saw a few reviews earlier where people say their special rates were not honoured – ours was, and we were given our breakfast coupons without any problem.	
Jun 9 2007 	Quite fun but not quite W	I stayed at the hotel for 1 night whilst in town on business. The outside of the building is not that great, very bland, very Marriott (all their hotels look very boring from outside) but when you get in, it starts to look a bit more fun! I think the Renaissance Hotels are Marriott's answer to Starwood's W brand. In my mind, they still have a little way to go. If they want to attract the &quot;boutique&quot; hotel market, they have to make their hotels more &quot;edgy&quot; and &quot;cool&quot;. Having said that, the pool area was nice, my room was nice, it was very clean ever where, modern bathroom etc. But there wasn't anything hugely outstanding! The location is not bad, it's very close to the Convention Centre so if you are attending a conference there, this is quite nice and ideal. Also, the Strip is not far, you can take taxi easily and be there in minutes. I stayed in one of their executive rooms with lounge access. The lounge wasn't anything great and you also had to pay for wine, beer and spirits. I thought this was very odd as I have stayed in many hotels/lounge rooms and never had to pay for alcohol.All in all, quite a nice hotel. The only minus apart from the booze in the lounge was that the internal walls seemed very thin. I woke up during the night as someone was &quot;having a night of their life&quot; somewhere near me/next door.	
Jun 5 2007 	Great Convention Center Hotel!!	I just returned from a 3 day convention held at the convention center, which is located next door. After walking the tradeshow floor, it was always such a great relief to walk into our smoke-free &amp; non-gaming hotel and lay on our comfortable beds. I found the front desk staff, bell desk, concierge and maid service to be very accomodating with my numerous requests. The fitness center had updated equipment and free weights. I didn't get a chance to hang out by the pool, but it seemed pretty standard. This hotel is the perfect hotel for business or convention center location. After a long day of working, you really can relax in your room.The monorail was within walking distance and was a perfect alternative to taxi cabs to all of the strip locations. Yes, Vegas requires tons of walking, but seriously even staying at any of the resorts on the strip, you'll still do tons of walking. Plus we can all use more exercise.	
May 19 2007 	Love this hotel	We booked this hotel through Marriott.com for our 5 days vegas vacation. We got an AWSOME rate for this hotel. We had access to the Club Level on the 15th floor. This Private club lounge had a breakfast in the AM and a nice selection at night. All of the Coke products and Alcoholic beverages that one would need. The Staff in the Club Lounge was Great! The front desk clerks were very nice and always helpful with a smile on thier faces. This hotel had free Valet service and we rented a car and that saved us allot of money compared to cab rides and the strip and the long crowded line for the Duce buses on Strip. The room was AWSOME. the beds are great, Marriott has the new beds in all of there hotels and they are worth the money. Housekeeping was also very good for the week. The pool at this hotel is not that great. We also had dinner at the ENVY steakhouse inside the hotel.....What a mistake that was...Food was overpriced and service was bad. This hotel is a great choice if you want to stay close to the strip and not have the hassle of a Casino..	
Apr 19 2007	Stay away from their so called specials	My partner booked and paid for our stay here under the deal of stay 3 nights get 1 free. Believing that quoted standard rate of $139.00 + tax per night would be the effective rate. But no the actual rate was $188.00 per night + tax, $49.00 per night more than the standard rate for the dates of our stay. So in actual fact you only save $41.00, I wasn't brilliant at math, but come on there is seriously something wrong with this calculation. Granted, many hotels do this sort of thing, but what was worst was the attitude of the staff at the hotel. We accepted that Renaissance mislead their guests and attempted to have a pleasant stay, but the surliness, rudeness and homophobic attitudes displayed by some of the staff was deplorable. Never again will I be using Marriott.	
Apr 17 2007 	Great casino-free Vegas hotel	Our group stayed at the Renaissance over Thanksgiving in November 2006 while in town for a sporting event. Overall, the hotel was fantastic.The rooms were well decorated--nice modern furnishings and appointments. The flat-screen television was an added plus, but thereis no HDTV service (but I hear there are other things to do in Vegas besides watching TV). The beds were comfortable, and there was plentyof desk space (and free Internet access).The lobby area was also very nice. The main restaurant, Envy (a steakhouse of sorts), was a little overpriced but probably average byVegas standards.The pool area was fantastic, but it is located in the hotel's courtyard, surrounded on all four sides by the hotel. If you're looking for the sun, you won't get a whole lot of it there.The service was fantastic--from the front desk staff to the maids to the bellhops. The hotel is located off the strip, but it is across a parking lot from a monorail station and the Las Vegas Convention Center. Getting around was never a problem.Overall, this is a great option for travelers who want to experience Vegas without feeling overwhelmed by the Vegas scene.	
Mar 26 2007 	Great Choice in Las Vegas	I value the advice on trip advisor a great deal, and read all the reviews in regard to the Renaissance Las Vegas before booking our trip. We were pleased with our choice. We booked the rooms for a convention held at the Las Vegas Convention Center. Even though it is within walking distance to the Convention Center, it was still quite a long walk to the North end of the Convention Center. Every thing in Las Vegas requires a lot of walking. I feel I have to mention there was a problem with the “room details” in regard to Club Lounge access on the Marriott.com web site, which were quickly taken care of once we arrived. We booked 6 rooms with varying arrival and departure dates for a total of 28 nights, and did not experience any problems with check-in or check out. The only other minor problem we had was that on several occasions we had to get new keys for our rooms, because they quit working. Now for the positives, access to the Club Lounge was wonderful. It was a great place to get together in the morning for breakfast with our group. The continental breakfast was delicious! We helped ourselves to soda and water throughout the day. In the evening there is a small selection of appetizers provided. The pool is small and has limited sun, but there were plenty of chairs and the area was clean and convenient. The doorman was always there to help us our taxi requests and welcome us back each time we returned. There is plenty of parking available in the parking ramp. We did not personally eat at either of the restaurants, but others in our group did and said the food was excellent. The concierge was very helpful in regard to suggesting and booking shows for us. The bed was great. I wish I slept that good in my own bed! The maid service was excellent. There was plenty of drawer and closet space. It was nice to have a coffee maker, refrigerator, and a safe in the room. The Renaissance Las Vegas exceeded my expectations in every aspect. In Las Vegas it is a great value for the $$$.	
Mar 22 2007 	Only if you've got to be right at the convention center...	...and even then, I wouldn't recommend this overrated, overpriced place. Were the convention center bulldozed tomorrow, this place would close down, because there's no other reason to come here. It's way off the Strip, meaning everything is a monorail, bus or cab ride away (I recommend the free Wynn shuttle bus from the monorail station until 8pm).Behind the hotel (east) are some garden apartments this New Yorker wouldn't walk past in the daylight. Walking south on Paradise Road you pass a couple of dicey motels and gas stations long before you reach civilization. The room never properly cooled off, despite the thermostat being set to -- and allegedly registering at -- 65. The shower stall has one shelf -- at ankle level! What genius decided people should bend over to get the shampoo, razor, etc.? The pillows are like mush -- my $5 Wal-Mart ones at home are way more comfy! One elevator of four was broken at least two days. As for the staff, apparently those complaint are right. The check-in clerk wasn't exactly $209/night friendly. One night I'm coming back, exhausted, and get stuck behind a baggage porter busy explaining things to some incoming guests, hustling a bigger tip. When I finally managed to get past his cart, he makes some smart [--] comment about me being in a rush. Let's just say I took advantage of the TV checkout option, then carried my belongings.My company booked me here on their own, without asking me, and they foot the bill. As someone who's been to Vegas numerous times, I would've preferred to stay at a nice Strip hotel and use the monorail to/from the convention center. One positve: an in-room fridge, which is rare in LV. With the savings from buying my own water and yogurt, I could almost afford the $13/day Internet. Talk about nickel and diming a guest!I stay at Courtyards and other Marriott hotels all the time on my own dime. You'll get a warmer welcome and a nicer room in almost all of them. This place is a sucker bet in a town that's full of sucker bets. Stay away!	
Mar 13 2007 	Oh thin walls!	The constant noise was the one thing I really remember about this hotel.Well, I also remember the nice lobby, helpful check-in, the nice LOOKING room, the comfy bed ... but my mind keeps coming back to the walls, the doors, how thin they were.Yelling, talking, walking, um, friendship between a couple, all thesethings you can hear from the comfort of your own room!But it sure looks nice!	
Mar 12 2007 	Rude Staff	I am a Marriott Platinum member and stayed about 150 nights last year. Most of the times I wonder why I bother since I rarely feel like I’m that important. We were told that the Concierge floor was entirely king beds, with only one room that had two doubles and it was handicapped accessible. This is not a huge deal except for the fact that we were charged $13.00/day for internet and had to spend a decent amount of time explaining that it should be free. As is usually the case, the maids did a good job and deserve more than they earn. Be advised that the beds are small, even for a double.My biggest complaint is with the restaurant. I received several coupons in the mail for 2 for 1 entrees. We tried to eat there and were rudely told there was no way they could possibly fit us in. Normally I would understand since we did not have a reservation. However, from the moment we walked up, the self-important guy looked at us as if we didn't belong anywhere in the hotel. We were dressed nicely and still had our badges on since, imagine this, the hotel is right next to the convention center. He also snidely suggested that we check the lounge, which is STRICTLY non-smoking. I think I travel enough to know that every Marriott in the U.S. is non-smoking. I even inquired if there was any priority seating for Platinum members and he just stared at me. Apparently the casinos in Las Vegas have no problem holding seats for their top customers. Just beware that you will probably be bothering the staff if you make any requests.	
Mar 7 2007 	Renaissance Hotel--overrated!	My colleague and I stayed here during a business trip this past week.We found the hotel staff to be rude at times and not very accommodating. Our TV did not work, and we constantly had to call housekeeping for basics that they forgot to replenish (toilet paper, bottled water, etc). The meeting facilities were overly expensive (a charge of $160 to use our OWN AV equipment (LCD projector and laptop that we brought) on top of $500 for a 2 hr block in a tiny meeting room.We decided to have a drink one night in the lobby bar. Since they had a drink menu with lists of their specialty martinis, etc. I asked the cocktail waitress if she could recommend anything. She simply looked at me blankly and stated, &quot;I am highly allergic to alcohol. I do not drink at all. I have no idea what is good here.&quot; This is just one example of the type of interactions that we had with staff on multiple occasions.I had brought my new laptop (Windows Vista) and it was not compatible with their archaic wired or wireless internet. The staff in the business office (the only nice staff in the whole place) tried to help me with the internet problems for over 2 hours one day...still no connection so they let me use the computers in the business office to check my email. There were still multiple charges for trying to connect with my laptop even though I had told the front desk on several days that it was not working at all. The only positive comment that I can mention is that the valet parking is free, helpful, and pretty friendly.I will not be staying here in the future for business or otherwise.	
Feb 26 2007	Great Hotel !!	Just returned from a 4 night stay at the Renaissance Las Vegas. The hotel is very contemporary and upscale. The rooms were exceptionally clean and well-arranged. There is a refrigerator, but no mini-bar. The closet is really a wardrobe with sufficient space, but there are only two drawers for storage. The bathrooms are very nice with granite countertops, ample counter space. I especially like the separate glass-enclosed shower.We were attending a meeting at the hotel and the meeting rooms were very nice. They were well-maintained by the staff, who refreshed our drinks and cleared the meeting tables at every break. The catered lunch was very good.The staff was professional and efficient. We had difficulty finding a cab on Friday evening, but the doorman made every attempt to locate one for us. The location is convenient to the monorail and the convention center and the Wynn shuttle can take you to the Wynn hotel from 8am to 8pm. After many hours walking through casinos, hotels and shopping malls on the strip, it was refreshing to return to the quiet elegance of the Renaissance.	
Feb 26 2007 	contemporary chic	From the lobby to the room, the decor is minimalist, contemporary and chic. Loved the bathroom. Marble bath. Separate tub and shower. Spa is across the street but concierge can call a towncar to bring you there without charge. No casino on site. No smoking. No buffet. If you want a departure from the usual party atmosphere of Vegas resorts without missing out on upscale surroundings, this is a great place to stay. Very businesslike. Friendly staff. The only thing I did not appreciate was when booking online, the room description said, &quot;complimentary continental breakfast and complimentary drinks between 6 and 8 PM&quot; but when I checked in, my reservation did not indicate so. You may want to check on the phone or print that if you reserve online.	
Feb 11 2007	Pleasant Stay in Vegas! NOT FAR from the strip.	I arrived Las Vegas Renaissance hotel around 4pm on wednesday. I was aware that the hotel is almost sold out because there're couple conventions going on this week &amp; weekend (thats what I am here for too). I booked this hotel approx 1.5 month ahead with priceline so I had a very good deal. The front desk guy is very friendly and helpful. As seem from the previous review, upon the checkin, they walked around the counter and offered u their signature chocolate and personally welcome you to the hotel. Now that's a nice touch. I called ahead of the time to reserve a room on a high floor w/ view, they did that. The only time that they mentioned about priceline is that he reminded me that my stay will not be honored for their rewards program (I am silver elite level btw). The hotel is fairly new (built in 2004 I believe) so everything is in a nice condition. The beds are nice (pillowtop mattress), towels are fluffy (and there are plenty in the room), and the AC is quiet, Flat screen LCD TV in every room (26&quot; Phillips) and a wireless phone. The best of all, they provided WiFi for their customers inside the hotel (where other hotel would normally charges you 10-15+ dollars). I am not the type of person who cares about carpet stains but while i am looking at it..It does not shows any spots. Deco in the room is contemp. style and the furnitures are in a good condition. The blind does prevent sunshine and the AC is good (not very loud) but I have a feeling that it may not be cold enough for the summer time (Right now is around 65F in vegas - perfect weather in feb). Ample lighting and sheets are crisp and there are plenty pillows (like 6 on my bed, 2 in the closet). Workdesk is large and the chair is ergonomically designed (I would like to take this chair home actually. J/k). The refrigerater is underneath the desk and it seems like they put stuffs in it so I did not touch it. The coffee maker is provided in the room as well (under the sink, so you have to pull it out to use it), also a nice touch since some 4* hotels on the strip don't even offer you with this types of amenitis.The bathroom contains a sink, toilet (strong flush, i like that). a shower (marbled) and a bathtub. It is very clean and in a good condition as well. I also get to use the club lounge on the 15th floor. It provided you with complimentary drinks &amp; snacks &amp; newspapers throughout the day. For those who does not have access to the lounge, there's fitness center on site that provides with free water &amp; fresh fruits as well.I also get to use the swimming pool and jacuzzi at night (around 11pm). It is very quite and clean. However, the only thing that i didn't like about the jacuzzi is that the chemical oder is actually too strong. I am the type of person who doesn't mind using the jacuzzi at 24 hour fitness / Bally's (VERY, VERY dirty). This jacuzzi is clean but the chemical odor keeps me coughing like crazy so I had to take off early. However, there are big sofa-style couch next to the poolside (plenty~ at least 5+) where people can relax. I used the pool at night so I can not tell whether this is good enough for sunbathing (I am not into tanning either). Parking garage is convient too, its right next to the hotel and its not too far from the hotel elevators (unlike big scale hotels where u actually walked 5-10mins to reach ur room), another good thing about this hotel.There are 2 restaurants (one is the steak house Envy) and another deli shop like store located on the 1st floor. I didn't get to try neither so I can not comment on it. Overall, this is a very good hotel located close to the strip (right next to the monorail station too). You can take the shuttle to the Wynns hotel (8am-8pm) or else it will be a good idea to rent a car if u want to get around this town. There is also a McDonalds like 2 tiny blocks down so budget minded travellers can eat (or take their kids to eat). The quality of the room, the staff, and the price is already make me feel that I choose the right hotel. I stayed at the Paris (Calais suite on 34th Floor, facing bellagios), bellagios, MGM, Mandalay Bays, Venetian, Monte Carlos...etc. Most of them did not offer the service which a 4* hotel should have (the quality of the room amendities and the customer service). This hotel sets a standard where a 4* hotel should be. A hotel's star rating should be based on their room and service, not how BIG they are or how much they spent to mimic effiel tower, etc.***** One big note. After I returned I returned my car to the airport and about to check in at the airport, I realized that my house key is missing! I immediately called the hotel and asked them to search for me (its around 630pm) and the security guy (Gary) took my number and told me that if the room is not occupied he will search for me personally. He returned my call after 10-15 mins and let me know that he went thru my room (I know that he did it b/c he pointed out whats left in my room) and I really, really appreciated his time to search for it. I think this hotel's service is great. One minor thing I think that they need to improve on top of the jacuzzi odor is the conceriage. They should be more informative and should able to provide some local tourist coupon since afterall, vegas is still a big, big tourist city. Most people go there for leisure. Will definitely come back to this hotel again! Love the smoke-free environment, clean air and the friendly staff.	
Feb 7 2007 	Great facility mediocre staff	This is my favorite place to stay in Las Vegas. Pros: Attractive upscale hotel of manageable size, quiet, clean air, nicely furnished rooms, free parking, free Internet. Cons: Away from The Strip, surly staff.I have stayed here several times, most recently in December 2006. Everyone who goes to Vegas enough has a favorite hotel there. I personally like to have a quiet hotel to retreat to after living it up amidst the wonderful noise and chaos that is Las Vegas. The Renaissance provides this beautifully. There is no casino in the hotel, it is a non-smoking hotel, and it's not too large a place so there's no problem in navigating it. It is located next to the Convention Center, where there is a tram you can take to The Strip if you don't want to taxi or drive. Self-parking and valet are free.I like the modern decor in the lobby and guest rooms. It's not lavish, just very nicely done, pleasing to the eye. A lobby bar, a lobby restaurant that people come from miles away to eat at, and flat screen TVs in every room. The pool area is small and boxed in on all sides and only has sun for a few hours mid-day, so plan carefully if you want to take advantage of that. Also, the pool area is one place where folks can smoke, so it was sometimes smokey out there. There are some really cool lounge chairs, er, couches really.The exercise room is available 24 hours and is well-stocked with treadmills, weight machines, bicycles, and even a few gizmos that I'm not sure what they do.There is free WiFi in the lobby. In the room you connect through a cable, but it's still free.I found the servers in the restuarant to be wonderful and friendly, as were all of the valets. But the front desk staff, concierge, and the wait staff in the bar either avoided serving us or were actually hostile on multiple occasions in a stay of less than one week in duration. You have to wonder if there isn't a management problem at a place when this many people have a negative attitude toward their customers. My friends and I were pretty shocked.But all in all, this is *still* my favorite place to stay in Vegas. I don't mind being away from The Strip, I actually prefer it. And this is a beautiful and comfortable place to stay.	
Feb 5 2007 	Should I expect rude in Vegas?	Perhaps I've been to too many great hotels, but I don't understand the excitement about this place. I thought the service and attentiveness was fair - for the price. The part of the experience I didn't like about this hotel? How the management reacts to bad service. When I got out of the shower one morning, i reached for the towel. Without my glasses I didn't realize it was one of the nastiest towels I've ever been given in a hotel - including holes, dirty, and with tears and rips. It looked almost like an old rag was neatly folded on the towel rod.The reaction? A smug &quot;this is unacceptable&quot;, asking for my room number, then rudely walking away. Perhaps I'm asking too much in asking for at least an apology, but I'm turned off by a hotel when their management is so rude. Don't think I'll stay there again!	
Feb 5 2007	Very Nice	Very nice hotel, off strip, but very close to monorail stop and the Las Vegas Hilton. Friendly staff clean and very nice rooms. Ask for a city view, gives a view of the strip, mainly the Wynn and enjoy the sunrise as it reflects off of the Wynn Hotel....very nice.	
Jan 24 2007	Loved the Renaissance	We stayed at the Renaissance Las Vegas Jan 19th for 2 nights, and absolutely loved it! They provide excellent customer service. Check-in was a breeze! They actually check you in, and then walk around the counter to personally welcome you by name, and hand you your room keys. I have never experienced that kind of customer service in a hotel before. All the staff we ran into during our stay were friendly and polite. The rooms were awesome!! Very clean and quiet. The bathrooms are huge! They are about 3 times the size of a normal hotel bathroom, with a glass enclosed shower, separate from the tub, marble counters with lotz of space, and big fluffy towels. The rooms are decorated very tastefully, and include a flat screen tv, chair and ottoman, desk, luggage rack with drawers, mini fridge, coffee maker, and a closet with an iron and ironing board. The beds had nice linens, down comforters, and big thick mattresses, but they were a little more firm than we like. Much better than most hotels though! We liked the closeness to the strip, yet you can leave all the hussle and bussle, and go back to a nice smoke-free, quiet environment to relax. The pool area looked lovely, but we didn't have time to use it. We would definetly recommend the Renaissance to anyone looking for an excellent hotel, with easy access to the strip.	
Jan 17 2007	Very Nice Place	This is an excellent hotel. It's just across the street from the convention center. If you are in L.V. for a convention, then this location cannot be beat. I go to L.V. for work, not for gambling, which makes the Renaissance an breath of fresh air. The rooms are quiet, well appointed and the bed is very, very comfortable. My room had a shower and tub, and the bathroom was very large. The room was very clean. The staff is helpful. The monorail is outside so you are not locked into cabbing it onto the strip, should you have any desire to expose yourself to the insanity.	
Nov 14 2006 	Serene Stylish Escape	Just got back from a trip to the Grand Canyon- I decided to use Vegas as my &quot;base camp&quot; &amp; intentionally chose this hotel because its off the Strip yet easily reachable to it ( via the Monorail across the way) , its a Marriott new property ( &amp; Marriott has earned my appreciation for quality lodging) its a quiet, stylish hotel that caters to a nonparty, more business clientele and it does NOT have a casino. Also, I got a great deal : $ 89 per night ! The pluses are as above plus the beautiful , exquisitely clean room, very nice room service staff and the stress free &amp; quick check-in ( I took an evening flight from the East Coast &amp; was most grateful) . The minuses are the rather isolated &amp; deserted neighborhood- the deserted Las Vegas Convention Center is right next door &amp; you walk through it to get to the Monorail entrance- coming back from the Strip at night is a little creepy; their limited restaurant and on-site services- the food from room service came from their 1 &amp; only restaurant , it was mediocre and pricey. Their fitness center was nice though, roomy, well appointed w/fresh fruit &amp; iced fruit drinks &amp; spring water available - its fronted by floor to ceiling windows facing the small pool area which is contained within an inner courtyard. If you are looking for an exciting, entertainment atmosphere this place is not for you but if you need a respite after a full day &quot;on the Strip&quot; &amp; you don't mind the deserted neighborhood this place is a very good option.	
Nov 13 2006 	Great experience even better service	I cannot say enough about the Renaissance Las Vegas. I was travelling with my family to Las Vegas, and was also in charge of making all of the travel arrangements. Having never been to Las Vegas, I was nervous about booking a bad hotel. I had originally booked a hotel in an isolated section of the Strip, but went with the Renaissance instead when Travelzoo advertised a $89/weeknight or $99/weekend night rate. I decided to go with the Renaissance because based on what I could find on the web, my original hotel was not in the most convenient section of the Strip, and the Renaissance, though off the Strip, was a better quality hotel.I am happy to say that I was not disappointed. The staff at the Renaissance was excellent, especially the concierge and everyone at the bell desk. The hotel was spotless, and parking was free! (By the way, valet and self parking is free at virtually all of the casinos on the Strip, so you are probably better off driving than taking a cab.) In addition, the beds were extremely comfortable (my mother was still talking about them a week after we returned) and the hotel was smoke-free, which I appreciated after my third night in Vegas. I also liked that I did not have to walk through a casino to get to my hotel room. The only unfortunate aspect of the Renaissance is the location. You do feel isolated from the excitement on the Strip, and driving from the hotel to the Strip could get draining after some time. However, the commute is manageable if you have a rental car. My family loved the hotel, and even my relatives who were staying at one of &quot;the big casino hotels&quot; on the Strip (for $240/weekend night in a room that was not as nice as ours) were impressed. I would definitely stay at the Renaissance Las Vegas again!	
Nov 7 2006 	Heavenly Beds!!!!	I was concerned about no casino, but I truly didn't miss it. We were so busy shopping and going to the races I didn't care. Everyone was super friendly and helpful, especially the valets!!! But the best part was the beds!!! They were amazing!!!! We will definately stay their again	
Nov 7 2006 	Sophisticated 	Easy to find, off strip just south of the convention center. The monorail is just west of it on Paradise Rd.Used valet parking every chance I got. The attendant was courteous and professional directing me to reception. Each time my car was returned to me, it was quick and courteous. I even forgot my cell phone in my car during the night, and valet brought the entire car down, and then brought it back to its parking place.Check in was effortless, efficient, and very friendly. Got one of those candy looking martini olives - nice touch!Lobby was slick, modern, and very swanky.I stayed in Room 355 with a view of the rooftop ventilation, a view of the parking garage to the left, a view of the west wing of the hotel to the right, and just a peek of the southern part of the strip in the distance. The room is very small. The first things I noticed was the modern look and the carpet! Yes, the carpet. The carpet was luxurious to even sleep on! Ok, maybe not, but it was nice. I had booked a two double bedded room. It had an arm chair by the window, a business desk with phone, internet connection, desk lamp, and a small plasma TV. Underneath that, was the safe and refrigerator. There was a place to leave your duffle bag and luggage case. To the right of that, was the very spacious armoire. I was able to store three dress shirts, 3 pants, 3 polo shirts, and 3 pairs of shoes. The place where you can sit your luggage case had two drawers beneath it for your other clothes. The bed was very comfortable with feather filled comforters and duvet covers. In between each bed was a nightstand with lamp and AM/FM/CD alarm clock. The bathroom had a separate shower and tub and a small alcove for the toilet. There were nice quality toiletries. I loved the Lather brand of the toiletries. Beneath the sink was a coffee maker with complimentary Starbucks coffee, tea, a hair dryer, and more towels. Small problem with the separate shower - door does not shut securely causing water to leak out onto the bathroom floor.I used the fitness center. It's well equipped with treadmills, elliptical trainers, recumbant bikes, weight machines, and free weights. It had complimentary bottled water, towels, and some weird tasting juice? Think Gatorade??? It also had two separate bathrooms with shower, toilet, towels, etc. There are three plasma TV's as well (two for the cardio area and one for the weights area). The fitness center has a view of the pool/jacuzzi area. I noticed it was being used at 5:30am! I think it was heated, but I didn't use it.Staff was nice, even other guests were really nice. It was nice not staying in a smoky hotel with a casino. This hotel property is mainly for business travelers, but it can also be for other travelers like me who don't like smoke or the noise of the casino. Most of the guests were the older and business traveler type.I didn't eat at all there, although if I did stay there longer, I would have. I highly recommend this place!	
Oct 27 2006 	Great BEDS!!! Bad Refrigerators!	Stayed for four nights two rooms. The web site lists refrigerators, wrong!!! They are for wet bars, so you cannot put food in them, so we had purchased milk and juice, so our bathtub turned into an ice chest. We didn't get a King Bed.. that we booked, but we used Price line, so of course there is no guarantee, and they know you use price line. But the double beds we did get were EXTREMELY comfy!! And plenty of pillows, very nice. Bathrooms are great, location of the hotel is great, about 1/2 a block to Monorail and the self parking is very easy at this Hotel. they do have Valet, but we didn't' really need it, the bell man was great, Johnny on the spot and showed us our room and all the details of it, including the &quot;refrigerator&quot;. We'd stay again, it was a very new and clean hotel, loved that it has NO casino! Room service was very good also.We did complain about the fake fridges, and the gal assured us they are replacing each of them, but I suggested removing that as an amenity until they do so.We were told our nephew could be on the same wing and floor, but they ended up four floors away with a terrible view of the parking garage! But a minor detail. The chocolate they hand to you are a nice touch as well as the individually wrapped jelly belly, jelly beans. Love the free in room intenret sevice also, really great.	
Oct 18 2006 	Loved It!	We booked this hotel at the last minute with the travelzoo special of $99/weekend nights and $100 off next stay. We cannot wait to go return to this hotel! It was better than we expected and such a nice respite from the noise and smoke of the strip. We forgot we were in Vegas while staying at this hotel and we wanted to take the bed home with us. The bed was cozy, the room service was prompt and yummy and the staff was very hospitable. The front desk even offered to print my borading pass before we left for the airport. It was without a doubt the best hotel we stayed in and the best accomodations. You won't be disappointed.	
Oct 16 2006 	Good deal good hotel but noisy	The Renaissance is best for those who are attending a convention and want to be within walking distance of the convention center, who dislike the large casino hotels, or who found a good deal on the web. It is convenient to the monorail. The downside is there is nothing at the hotel at night except for the bar so plan on going elsewhere for entertainment.We've stayed here several times, most recently in October. The Marriott web site had a stay 3, pay for 2 night deal for $149 a night over the weekend. The hotel is only a couple of years old and overall very nice, but as others have noted, the insulation is poor and you will hear the noise from the room next door. The beds are comfortable, there is free internet access in the room, and service from the front desk and housekeeping was fine. We had breakfast in the concierge lounge (as a Marriott Gold member) and one morning there was one person letting in members (over 20 by my count) of his party who obviously were not authorized to use the club - they waited at the door and he kept going over to see if anyone was there and opening it. No one on the staff noticed this or if they did, they ignored it. As a result there was a large, noisy party in the club occupying most of the space and making it hard for others to get the benefits they deserved - we observed several people leave due to a lack of seating. One point worth noting: the design of the pool is very poor. It is a small area and in a courtyard between the buildings. This results in half the pool area being in the shade in the morning, and the entire pool being in the shade in the afternoon so if having a nice pool area is a consideration you need to take this into account. (The Mirage has one of the best pools in Vegas).The first night we dined in Envy, their steakhouse. The food was very good and cheaper than at other Vegas steakhouses, but the service was poor. We waited almost 15 minutes before anyone came by (my wife was about to leave), our drinks came out after the appetizers, and no one asked how our food was.	
Oct 15 2006 	GREAT hotel	I booked this hotel through priceline. I wasn't expecting what I found when we arrived. This was, without a doubt, one of the nicest hotels we've ever stayed in. The front desk staff was friendly and efficient. The room was beautiful. There was nothing that I would change. The bed was extremely comfortable. We arrived late (Midnight) and were able to order room service, which arrived within fifteen minutes of ordering.This is a great hotel. The fact that it is a non gaming casino makes it a great location for a quieter stay while in Las Vegas, yet you are close to everything.	
Oct 9 2006 	Refreshing break from the Strip	Excellent experience at the Renaissance Las Vegas in terms of room quality, service and value. Booked directly on the hotel website for a club-level room; paid $164/night for 2 nights and received the 3rd night free. Great deal for a top-quality hotel (free breakfast, too!) as low-budget rooms on the Strip were going for at least $200/night.Super-comfortable bed and the room was spotless and well-designed without the faintest hint of smoke. Housekeeping services were prompt and unobtrusive. They even returned in the afternoon to deliver chocolates and to check if we needed any extra toiletries!Had free breakfast because of Club Level room. Reasonable quality food and the staff was exceptional. Went out of their way to obtain hot chocolate for another guest when they do not even typically stock it as part of the buffet.No wait to check in or out and front desk staff was professional and courteous. Had a complicated checkout involving gift cards, gift vouchers and credit card payment - handled perfectly with no problems at all.Strip access via monorail or Wynn shuttle (both within a few hundred yards), but we always prefer to rent a car.I tend to be a little critical of hotels, restaurants, etc. but I have nothing but praise for the Las Vegas Renaissance management and staff.	
Oct 4 2006 	Loved the 'no crowd' 	We stayed at the fabulous Renaissance Las Vegas which is located just off the strip. The hotel is a new (a year old), modern, business class hotel with excellent customer service. We were immediately checked-in by friendly staff &amp; had instant access to the concierge. It wasn't crowded, never waited for the elevators, and no casino (a major plus!). The strip is easily accessed via a free shuttle just around the corner. The room was modernly appointed &amp; spacious with an excellent view of the strip.I really liked the 'no crowd' &amp; 'no casino' feature. When in Vegas, I will definitely return to the Renaissance.Also checked out incredible shows: Zumanity &amp; O. I highly recommended them &amp; would definitely see O again (even at $150 a pop).[----]As for food, I recommend the Eiffel Tower Restaurant at the Paris Las Vegas Hotel for an evening of fine dining. It's just above the Strip on the 11th floor in an Eiffel Tower replica. It offers French cuisine, breathtaking views of the Las Vegas strip including the Bellagio's famous watershow. [----]For brunch I recommend Top of the World restaurant at the Stratosphere. Located 109 stories above the strip, it offers unparalleled views as the restaurant revolves 360 degrees. I had the crab benedict &amp; french toast -- the best I have had. [----]While at the Stratosphere, definitely ride the Big Shot (you experience 4Gs) - my fave. We also rode the new X-Scream, a giant teeter-totter, in which an open vehicle propels you head-first, 27 feet over the edge of the hotel (110th floor) &amp; dangles you weightlessly before pulling you back to do it again.[----]	
Sep 24 2006	Lovely Hotel but Poor Customer Service	My girlfriend and I stayed at this hotel for my 29th birthday. We purchase a package deal that included full breakfast (room service delivery) and martinis each day. When we got to the hotel, we later found out that the full breakfast only included eggs, bacon and toast, absolutely no substitutions. The martinis were bottled and stated like syrup. The front desk staff was clueless when we asked certain questions pertaining to the hotel. In additon, the staff was unfriendly and was not as accomadating... Overall the hotel was lovely and very clean.	
Sep 23 2006 	Very Happy with this Hotel	Marriott had a great offer when I began looking for hotels in April, four months in advance of my husband's birthday: $109 a night plus a $100 certificate for a future stay. We booked the hotel as a backup, and some friends booked later at $95 a night. Well, we never found a better offer because it was a busy weekend in Vegas, so we went ahead and stayed at the Renaissance.We really liked the contemporary design throughout the hotel and the beautiful bathrooms in the rooms. Best of all, the hotel is very compact and efficiently laid out: it took less than a minute from the front door to our room. No huge walks down endless corridors, no waiting in line at the restaurant or check-in. We could relax by the pool while we waited for our friends. One of them, a lawyer who travels weekly for business, was raving about the hotel and how great it was. We had one room service and one restaurant breakfast. Everything was well-prepared and delivered quickly. The staff went out of their way to make us comfortable.We rented a car, which I would recommend if you stay at the Renaissance. Garage parking is free and again, about one minute from the lobby to the garage. (Getting from the garage to the strip was interesting: go west, away from Paradise Road, to the first major street, then south to Flamingo. Going north on Paradise was a mistake!)	
Sep 18 2006 	Would stay here again!	My experience with the front desk was excellent. You are not on the strip but away from that hustle and bustle. You don't wade thru a mass of humanity to get to the pool or wait forever for the valets to get your car. The hotel is by the convention center and a monorail stop. You can catch the Wynn shuttle right across the street. The pool is small and in a courtyard that is shaded part of the day. This a non casino hotels so no smokers! Yay!The room are decorated in a modern style. I loved the bed..heavenly. Lots of pillows and duvet sheets, love that, no nasty bedspread. The bath is seperate from the tub and I too loved the Lather tolietries. Small fridge in the room. Starbucks coffee in the room. Ask for a view of the strip..it is on the other side of the golf course but you can see the lights. We ate at Envys, their steakhouse. Excellent but spendy.	
Sep 17 2006 	The Best Hotel in Vegas...To Relax...	This has got to be the best hotel deal in Vegas if you don't like to gamble. I have stayed at most of the larger hotel/casinos in Vegas this is by far my favorite. I accidentally stumbled onto this gem while at CES this year. The lobby area is really nice, simple and not cluttered by slot machines or associated noise. This is my second stay here in the past few months. Each stay has been very enjoyable and relaxing. The flat panel TV in the room was a nice upgrade from most hotels on the strip or otherwise. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone who does not visit Vegas for gambling and if you do it is very easy to access the casinos from the monorail or by taxi. The staff was friendly and the room was clean. They had a great deal for anyone staying 3 nights which I took advantage of without difficulty. The third night was free on my deal which was correctly shown on my bills at checkout time. Check-in and check-out was hassel free. I will definatley be staying here again when I visit Vegas. The nightly rate was reasonable and did not fluctuate wildly like other hotels that I have stayed at in Vegas. I really do have to rate this a 10 out of 10.	
Sep 16 2006 	Nice hotel	Nice rooms. Great fitness facility. Small pool. Wynn's golf course blocks walking to the strip. Would stay again. Convienent parking.	
Sep 4 2006	horrible front desk staff!!	Though the hotel rooms are reasonably nice and in decent condition, the unprofessional arrogant attitude of the front desk staff and assistant front office manager made this stay wholly unpleasant. They lack training in processing Marriott coupons, issued by Marriott Hotels no less!! Then, when they can't figure it out, they rely on making up inaccurate assertions, hoping the guest will just go away. Okay, okay, we will!! When the front office manager is rude to Marriott Customer Care specialists, you know this hotel has a problem!	
Sep 4 2006 	Lovely business hotel	Our second stay at this hotel was again an excellent one. We appreciated the convenience next to the Convention Center without all the noise and chaos of a casino hotel. The hotel is lovely with great decor and great service throughout. The rooms are comfortable and the pool area is a nice getaway from the Convention Center bustle. The free high speed internet and bottled water, plus the fridge and free safe in the room, are appreciated. The hotel restaurant was excellent on our last visit, but we prefer the healthy salads and sandwiches/wraps from the coffee shop. Their selection of light meals and extra friendly service was welcome.This time we also walked to two wonderful Indian restaurants five blocks away. One was located in a strip mall with what looked to be several other good restaurants. A convenience store is just three blocks away.	
Sep 1 2006 	$99 A night great location clean 	Got an excellent rate during a hugely busy weekend in August 2006, for $99 through travelzoo. This is unheard of for a 4-star hotel near the strip. Closest decent 4-star was NYNY at $169 a night. I saved a bundle, took that money, bet black on the roulette table and won $200. To the discriminating traveler, the staff made the stay extra pleasant by providing great service to us. The bag guy was very friendly, the valet was prompt and courteous, the checkin/out was quick and easy (even give you candies when you check-in), the conceriege was very knowledgable and knew exactly what I was talking about, the housekeeping was top notch - and even left us extra soap and towels. Our room didnt have much of a view but we could see the monorail, convention center, wynn, hilton, and part of the back of the strip. If you are at attending a convention at the Las Veags Convention Center - I HIGHLY recommend staying here as it is like 100 yards from the entrance. Its not on the strip, so that is one of my compliants. Lots of 'older' people at the hotel - which is nice if you like it quiet and boring. So we had a nice quiet nights sleep after a long night of partying. Pool scene = bad, old wrinklies sunbathing, couples, and hairy guys. The restaurant: Envy has excellent food at great prices during lunch. top notch service there with a full bar. Cafe wasn't too impressive though. This is not your typical casino/hotel on vegas, if you're younger this is a good place to stay as it doesn't hurt your budget and you get a great place to stay. If you are older and don't like the smoke of casinos, loud noises, and distractions from the strip this is also excellent as it is a 4-star hotel thats clean and relaxing. The rooms were typical, no where near spacious. LCD 32&quot; swivel tv, but no HD. Accomodating with the beds. Can't get 2 queens though. Safe and refrigerator come in handy. Bathroom was clean and tiled with a stone looking finish. Walk in shower with glass surround and clean tile. Bath tub also included by itself. Granite counter tops. Not much leg room to stretch. Has a nice computer chair and internet - I think you can plug your computer into the 32&quot; LCD TV for easy viewing, movies, etc. A lot of modern features that a new hotel should have. View was as good as it gets, which is no where near spectacular like the larger strip hotels. Overall a FANTASTIC BUY so much in fact we stayed an extra day for over $100 less than the next cheapest 4-star hotel. Excellent location, great service, new/modern/clean rooms, some hot German flight attendants, cute desk girl, and great food made it a pleasant stay. Would HIGHLY RECOMMEND staying again!	
Aug 31 2006	Very nice hotel. Clean comfortable and quiet. No cha ching noise!	Thanks to the reviews on Tripadvisor is the reason I choose this hotel, and I am glad I stayed here. First impressions say alot, and the hotel front desk agent was very nice! The room was very trendy, and I loved the decor, the plasma tv, and the bathroom was fabulous! One reviewer said the rooms were small. I thought the room was a nice size. I was in a room with 2 double beds, and it had a desk with a chair, and a chair and a table. It was nice to stay at a hotel that was a non-casino. The pool was small, but how big does a pool have to be to enjoy it? It was just fine! The hotel is in a good location across the street from the convention center, and monorail. We did not use the monorail. Thanks to the reviewer who gave the tip on using The Wynn Hotel's shuttle to the strip! Great tip! I would definitely stay at this hotel again!	
Aug 8 2006	A Sanctuary	Recently had a 4 night stay at the delightful Renaissance Las Vegas. Firstly, its important to acknowledge the location of the hotel, its not on the Strip. This property is adjacent to the Convention Centre on Paradise Road. So if you are wanting a hotel within walking distance of the Strip this place is not for you.Having said that, the monorail runs past the hotel and there is a station across the road. Its not cheap at $5.00 a ride. Its better value to buy a 10 ride pass for $35.00. The thing I liked most about the Renaissance was that it does not have a casino, therefore you do not have a passing parade of tourists crowding the place nor does the foyer smell of cigarette smoke like most hotels in Vegas. The decor is very understated and chic. Rooms are retro/modern in style and the beds are very comfortable. Excellent airconditioning. We ate at the hotel restaurant, very funky decor and nice food, not outrageously priced either.The pool is in a central courtyard, its not large, nor does it get direct sunlight all day, so you needed to time your visit to coincide with the sun, which was late morning to early afternoon. Its very tranquil though cause its not over run with guests. I would certainly return to the Renaissance.	
Aug 8 2006 	Great Stay Enhanced by a caring staff	Stayed here for on-site meeting and was very impressed by the staff and management's dedication to customer service. From the doorman (who seemed ever-present) to the room attendants there was an attitude of service first. Rooms were comfortably appointed. Wired high speed internet access (FREE) speed was acceptable to getting work done in the room. The concierge staff went staff went ABOVE and BEYOND the call of duty to assist me and a coworker in keeping our non working hours full of fun activities. They even gave us a tip on how to get into a sold-out show and it worked like a charm. Monorail while pricey is a good transportation option. We took it several times and were happy we did. Traffic around the hotels at show times was terrible. If you are in LV for a meeting either at the hotel or convention center, this is the place to be. I will stay here every time!	
Aug 2 2006 	The best for conventions	Stayed at the Renaissance July 25-30, 2006 while attending a conference. Although the walk to the convention center and disgusting Hilton was quite a ways, especially in the hot weather, the hotel was great. The front desk was helpful at check in and during my entire stay. The hallways smelled clean and fresh (the entire hotel is non-smoking) and my room always appeared clean. My specific requests were always accomodated with respect and I noticed the staff many times straightening up the lobby and common areas. I thought the room was ample size. I requested a quiet room down the hall and on a high floor. The desk was very helpful in aquiring the room I wanted and I found that if you are nice to the staff, the staff will try to accomodate most requests. The only negative was the small pool area and although the fitness center was complete with working equipment, complementary fruit, water, and juice, it was small and offered no sauna, spa services, or relaxing environment. Got a great rate, $109/night, through the web site after searching around. Some friends stayed at the nearby Hilton and it was a total dump unchanged from last year. I would definately stay here again if I did not want to stay on the strip.	
Jul 31 2006 	Great stay	Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights at the end of July. I wanted a quiet hotel off the strip and that is what I got. No problems with the staff and those I spoke to were very polite. Only had breakfast at the hotel restaurant once which proved to be a little expensive at $45 for 2 people (tax and tip included). No choice at breakfast - you had to have the buffet which is fine if you eat a lot at breakfast time - but we don't. Ended up going to other local hotels or the strip to find better value meals. The hotel douesn't have but does need a small store of some kind to buy essentials, especially if you are travelling with a family. No courtesy rooms after you have checked out which can be a pain when you have 9 hours to kill and don't have access to a room or a shower. The room itself was clean, modern, bright and fully equipped. They seems to be quite sound-proof as I didn't hear my neighbours once. The only drawback to the rooms is the heavy doors that slammed every time they close. Of course, many people don't try to cushion the noise at all which isn't great at 3 am, but I guess you get this type of thing, as well as inconsiderate people at every hotel. The monorail access is great and takes to straight to the strip and helps to alleviate the 110 degree heat!All in all - I have very high standards when it comes to hotels, but I have no real complaints about this hotel and would readily stay here again. Had a great time in Vegas!	
Jul 13 2006	Loved the Renaissance - Las Vegas	We spent 4 nights at the Renaissance Las Vegas over the 4th of July Hoilday after reading all the good reviews here. It is located on Paradise Road which is just off the Strip. A 3 min walk to the Monorail makes it very convenient to go anywhere on the Strip. We had a room which over looked the Strip and Wynn golf course. Room and view was great. Fabulous amenities. Flat screen TV was nice as well as complimentary bottled water.The best part about the Renaissance is that it is a non-casino hotel which means there is no hustle and bustle or smoky smell to contend with.The Envy restaurant is a little pricey but the food was very good.. We only had breakfast there one day. The whole wheat pancakes with fresh blueberries were exceptional.The staff and concierge were very pleasant and accomodating of any request. The only fault that I found was that the outdoor pool is very small but since it was hot - 108 degrees- we didnt use it anyway.It was such a pleasant, relaxing stay off the Strip. With the monorail a 3 min walk there is no need to stay on the Strip and pay twice the money, be forced to walk through the casino to get anywhere and deal with the crowds.I would highly reccomend this hotel. I thought it a great value for the money.	
Jun 26 2006 	Best hotel adjacent to the Las Vegas Convention Center	My wife and I checked out this morning after a nine night stay while I attend the Cisco Networkers conference at the Las Vegas Convention Center. We stayed here last year for ten nights during the same conference. The Hilton Hotel is often the 'official' hotel for events at the Convention Center. The walk from the Renaissance to the Convention Center is just as long as from the Hilton - but you won’t have to pass thru the smoky casino in the Hilton on the way.Make sure that you get access to the &quot;Club Lounge&quot; aka &quot;Concierge Lounge&quot;. The free breakfast (with three newspapers), light dinner and desserts offered every day in the lounge will save you some significant $$$ over the overpriced Envy restaurant on the ground floor of the hotel.Our room (1222) was overlooking the Wynn golf course and the Monorail with a distant view of the strip hotels. Nice view but the Western exposure kept the room very hot in the afternoons as the sun was setting - we usually kept the blinds closed tight from Noon until after sunset. We couldn't get the A/C in our room to go below 72 degrees. We heard no noise from the Monorail.Concierge staff tried to be helpful but were clueless as to the status of the various shows in town.Every room has free wired Internet access. The hotel states that local phone calls are a dollar a piece, but they will all be free upon checkout.Seven nights of our stay were booked with the &quot;Stay for Breakfast&quot; package. The room was $159.00 a night and included full breakfast for two in the Envy restaurant (two coupons good for up to $17.50 a piece, not including tip). The first three mornings they had a very nice buffet breakfast - this was very important to me as it allowed me to eat fairly quickly before walking over the Convention Center. The buffet was closed the last four days. Because of the extreme slowness of the wait staff we were unable to eat breakfast at Envy for these four days. At checkout, the front desk manager credited us for one nights stay ($159.00 plus room taxes) to make up for the slow wait staff.We will definitely stay here again providing we can get a reasonable room rate and access to the &quot;Club Lounge&quot;.Make sure to check out the &quot;Specials &amp; Packages&quot; section of the Renaissance web site. The &quot;Savvy traveler&quot; package is the best rate currently available, $109.00 a night for two nights, with a $100 coupon good for your next stay at a Marriott property.	
Jun 25 2006	Excellent excellent!	This is the first stop for my wife and I on a two week vacation. We pulled our car to the curb at the check in and the waiting staff was truly sensitive and helpful to our needs. We had two mountain bikes on our roof and the parking attendents said they would park in a special area for the night.The girl at sign-in was delightful and charming. She was aware that this was our first time stay and eloquently described the facilities. The fellow that took us to our room, Francisco, was courteous as well as friendly and described all the aspects of our room upon delivering our baggage.Had a great view from our room on the 12th floor of the &quot;Needle,&quot; downtown and part of the Strip.The bed was very comfortable and my wife mentioned how special the sheets were. The bathroom had a glass enclosed shower and separate bath and everything was very new and modern.The in-room coffee maker had a Starbucks coffee insert. I just came from a stay at Holiday Inn Express and there is a definite difference in a generic coffee insert. There was only one cup in the room and, after a call to room service, within 5 minutes a girl was standing at the door with a new cup.Well, my wife wants to go down now and get our free complimentary breakfast. If the breakfast is as good as everything else about this hotel, we will make this a stop on our way back through Las Vegas on our way home.Oh, and one of the best things about the Renaissance is that there is no casino here. It is peaceful and a place where one can get away from the frantic pace of the Las Vegas scene.	
Jun 20 2006	Compared to the others this is Great	Anyone writing a bad review of this place has obviously never been to the other hotels in Vegas. You actually get a room that matches the price that you are paying! Everything in Vegas costs more than it should, taxi's are outrageous, and good meals are hefty...but at least Renaissance hasn't adjusted their rates to the Vegas market...the room rate could easily be 1.5-2x higher. This is amazing since there is not even a hint of crime, filth, or shady business in this hotel. (We've had things missing, seen dirty sheets, and had adjusted tips in other Vegas establishments)The monorail is a 3 min walk from the front door ($5 one way trip). Which means you have complete access to the bustling strip and the complete freedom to leave it when you're done...and still get to go back to a nice place.I got an insane rate on a popular discount website yet the staff were still gracious in giving us 9th floor rooms with views onto the strip when we checked in. We found the pool area to be relaxing and conveniently near to the bar....In summary...it's not the most perfectly located hotel, but for the Vegas market, you are actually getting the best value in a hotel. People who are discrediting this hotel have obviously not traveled too much, especially in the Vegas area.	
Jun 17 2006 	Pretty hotel snotty staff	This is a beautiful propertiy, but their customer service is seriously lacking. The Renaissance has a cold, somewhat indifferent, and definitely &quot;snotty&quot; staff--very unusual for Las Vegas, where friendliness is a hallmark of most properties.I appreciated the quiet, refined, non-casino atmosphere, but not at the price of friendliness and lack of services. There is just one restaurant on the property--with limited hours, yet--so the only food option after 10 pm is room service. That might work in Kansas City, but it doesn't work in Vegas. However, the snotty staff was the real downer. I won't be staying at this Renaissance again.	
Jun 16 2006 	Great for business not for vacation	I attended a conference at the hotel May 24th-26th. My husband came with me so we stayed a few extra days for vacation. The hotel is great for conferences and is right next door to the convention center. Its a beautiful hotel and the service was excellent! Loved the Lather bath amenities although they weren't replaced every day. We actually only received 1 new bar of soap in a 5 day stay. The pool area is pretty, but very, very small. Its a shady area so so the water was cold and the hot tub was a bit dirty. There is only one restaurant so if you prefer to eat elsewhere you would have to take the monorail which is very close. I wouldn't suggest this hotel for a vacation because its so far from all of the Vegas attractions. You would have to take the monorail or a cab to get anywhere. The monorail is not cheap - we spent over $100 on monorail fares over the course of 5 days - and thats with the discounted 3 day passes!! If you get back to the hotel in the late evening there is nothing to do and no where nearby to go for a snack. Overall, the hotel was very nice and I would stay here again but only for business purposes. If you are planning a Vegas vacation, this hotel wouldn't be your best bet.	
Jun 7 2006	We got lucky in Vegas!	After pouring through numerous reviews on several travel websites, we selected the Renaissance for our first trip to Vegas. We got lucky! Loved the hotel, staff, and location. Very nice and clean accomodations. Enjoyed excellent breakfasts in their on-site restaurant, Envy. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Pool area is small but cozy and clean. Very easy access to Monorail. Would definitely stay there again. Two thumbs up!	
Jun 6 2006 	Best spot in Vegas	This hotel far exceeded my expectations. It is non-gaming so you don't have to navigate around smoky loud casinos. Everything is brand new. The staff is so welcoming and attentive to your every need.The rooms are spacious and the amenities (lather in room spa amenities) are outrageous! The gym is better than the usual hotel gym and they really go out of their way to make you comfortable.4 stars!	
Jun 4 2006	Good Off-The-Strip Hotel	We stayed at the Renaissance for Memorial Day weekend and I must say that I was pleasantly surprised. We arrived very early and requested an early check-in prior to arriving (8am), which they were very accomodating. The rooms were modern and clean(a typical Renaissance room) and the bed was VERY comfortable. It was close to the convention center and monorail, but pretty far removed from the center of the Strip, so you either have to 1)have a car 2)be a walker or 3)buy passes and us the monorail system. If you're looking for that &quot;Vegas Feel&quot; then this place isn't for you! However, my husband and I have been to Vegas numerous times and it was nice to stay away from the loud, crowded, smokey Strip. There were some things that I didn't like about the hotel. First, the walls are SO THIN and the doors slam so loudly! Luckily, I read this on tripadvisor and brought earplugs-which made a huge difference. Second, the pool is extremely small and doesn't have much sun. Third, because it's a smaller hotel, there isn't a bar/grill place to get breakfast or lunch....it only has a steak restaurant(Envy), room service and a small starbucks-like bar where the fruit and packaged sandwiches are overpriced.But overall, I would stay here again and recommend it to someone who doesn't mind staying away from all the Vegas action!	
Jun 2 2006	Exceeded the expactations	Nice new property. Meets its 4 star rating. As its new property, so no maintenance issues. Nice bath with separate shower stall. Plenty of soft white spotless clean towels. Heavenly bed… crisp, clean white linens… Plenty of soft pillows. Very very short walk (1 min max at leisurely place) from LV monorail station so quick and convenient access to strip.Small pool, limited dining options.	
May 31 2006	Secret Shuttle	Wonderful hotel with fantastic service. Yes, it is off the strip (faces the Wynn golf course), but it is very convenient. The Wynn has a shuttle that picks up just across the street from the hotel and takes you to the Wynn casino. It is meant as a monorail service to 'link' the hotel to the monorail system. The hotel itself is newly remodeled, with flat screen TVs. Free parking in the garage right next to the hotel. Highly recommended as an alternative to the high rates and poor service on the strip--and no walking through a large casino to get to the check-in desk.	
May 18 2006	Not a Good Stay	My friend and I stayed at the Renaissance LV from May 7 - May 11. We each had a room and took advantage of an &quot;Escape Your Way&quot; package that we saw on the Marriott web site. Basically, we were to get a room for $149/night, and by staying more than three nights, one of the nights were to be credited when we checked out. My friend had stayed at the Renaissance during April 2005 and was impressed. However, this most recent stay has changed our opinion of this property.When we checked in, we were met by Margie. My friend had been a platinum Marriott Rewards member up until this year, and during his stay last year, he received a complimentary entrance into a 15th floor lounge due to his platinum status. When we checked in, he asked Margie about the possibility of getting access to the lounge due to his past status. Margie was extremely rude in telling him that, no, he could not get access due to the capacity at the hotel. It would have been OK if she'd have been nice about it, but here rude demeanor certainly was unnecessary.We both got rooms on the 9th floor. When my friend went to check in to his room, he found that the room was already occupied. My room was OK. A return to the front desk quickly resolved the issue, but nevertheless, this is a critical error on the part of the hotel, not just for my friend, but for the occupants of the room he was originally given.The room amenities are very nice, and I must say, the cleaning staff was friendly. There's a refrigerator in the room with two bottled waters upon check in. On Monday morning, I asked a cleaning staff member for an additional water, and was given four. That's the type of customer service I'm accustomed to when I stay at a Marriott property.The breakfast &quot;buffet&quot; consisted of eggs made-to-order and four-to-five other hot items. Cereal and fruit were also included. However, at $16.95, the breakfast is extremely overpriced. Do yourself a favor: Take the monorail one stop down to the LV Hiton and go to their coffee shop.When I checked out, I received an invoice which did not properly credit a night of my stay as per the &quot;Escape Your Way&quot; package agreement. After waiting for printer problems to be resolved, I finally got a copy of the invoice with a night credit. However, upon checking my AmEx today, I was billed the total amount without the &quot;Escape Your Way&quot; credit. Now I'm going through the process of getting that rectified.I've always enjoyed Marriott properties and, as a Marriott Rewards member, go out of my way to try to stay a Marriotts whenever possible. However, I'll not stay at the Renaissance again.	
Apr 26 2006	Great Off-Strip Value	I've stayed at this hotel several times, and will chime in on agreement on most of the positives (and a few negatives).In my opinion, the value this hotel offers is really excellent, especially if you can get it on Priceline (hint to bidding: this is the only 4 star hotel in the UNLV/Convention Center area as of 4/06, and there are several other areas like Nellis AFB that don't have 4 star hotels if you need to rebid- read up more on biddingfortravel.com). I've had luck getting it for $125-160 per weekend night when the rack rate on Marriott.com for the same time period is over $200 or $300 a night, and other 4 star hotels like Mandalay Bay, Luxor, Monte Carlo and the Mirage will run you $300-$400, and the Bellagio, Wynn and Venetian are at absolutely exorbitant rates. That's a LOT of money you can put towards cab or Monorail fare, or a car rental. (What I usually do is buy some room service or drinks there, so I pay the Priceline rate, but get credit for the stay and a few points on my Marriott Rewards.). The hotel can sometimes be busy during conventions at the Convention Center, but this means there are some real steals on dead weekends.The positives are that the rooms are well appointed, as you can see in the pictures. I would say the room size is comparable to the Mirage or TI- not as big as the upper-tier Strip hotels like theHotel, Bellagio, Venetian or Wynn, but not cramped either, like, say, the Westin Casuarina (the other name business hotel in this locale). The bed is incredibly comfortable, with a nice duvet and pillows. Separate shower and bathtub are in the bathrooms, and while the bathtub's not a soaker like you'll get at upscale Strip hotels, I'm more of a shower person myself and the shower has good water pressure. One thing to note is you get free high-speed Internet access here, unlike most Strip hotels, where it's $10 a day, another way to save some money. Room service is prompt and the food's reasonably tasty...that is, if you don't decide to cross the street and hop the shuttle bus to Wynn and eat there. The checkins have always been prompt for me (and I've suffered in lines at other Vegas casinos. even the swank ones), and the staff and concierge have always been helpful. The upper floor lounge and health facilities are nice as well, and free bottled water is a very nice touch (something else you'd have to pay for at a lot of Strip hotels).The (small) downsides I can think of are:- the walls are indeed thin- your neighbors will hear you if you are rowdy or even fairly quiet. - there's a fair distance to the parking garage from the hotel elevators, though there is valet parking here. - getting southbound on Paradise (going to Center/South Strip properties or McCarran Airport) via car is a bit tricky; your best bet is to turn left out of the parking garage and drive down Swenson (drive away from Paradise/the street with the monorail to the next intersection and turn right to go south). If you're not careful you could end up like me and driving a couple miles over I-15 if you turn on Desert Inn Road trying to get southbound on Paradise, since Desert Inn Road and Paradise are both divided roads that won't let you do lefthand turns for long stretches.- the pool is small- if wave pools, slides and waterfalls are a big part of your Vegas experience, you'll be disappointed. It's not really anything more than a Motel 6 would have, but if just getting in some swimming/hot tubbing is fine for you, then you'll be happy.All in all, I think the Renaissance Las Vegas is a GREAT value for your money, if you don't mind a bit of a walk/shuttle/taxi/Monorail ride/drive to a casino to gamble/take in a show/club/do whatever and can live without a sumptuous pool. It's probably one of the nicest off-Strip properties in Vegas outside of the Lake Las Vegas ones or JR Marriott- but it's close enough that getting anywhere shouldn't be much of a problem.	
Apr 13 2006	Beautiful Non Gaming Hotel	Very contemporary non gaming hotel within easy reach of the strip. Hotel staff went out of their way to accommodate. Rooms are good size, and best of all, they have a flat screen tv. Nice touch. Also, serve Starbucks in the room. If quiet is what you want, and without the commotion one finds on the strip, then this is the place.	
Apr 10 2006	Loved it!	Stayed here with several girlfriends during a friend's wedding. Found it to be beautiful inside, have excellent customer service, free parking + all the amenities we were seeking. We got a great rate ($120 - look into whatever discount programs you have access to - AAA, govt, etc), which made this a steal. I would absolutely stay here again. Everyone in our party raved about it.	
Apr 3 2006	Fine but not worth the raves you see here	This is, indeed, a hotel best suited for the business traveler. I didn't find it as spectacular as some posters obviously did, but it suited our purposes.Good: Wonderful bed and pillows (tops Westin's heavenly bed); customer service (cheerful/smiling); free bottled water (in fridge and offered while waiting for valet); and flat screen tv.Bad: Tiny room with no view whatsoever; bathroom thoroughly average with only one sink, no waste basket (??) and horrible little bathtub; location is terrible for leisure travel - monorail is so overpriced that 2 people can cab for the same price if they avoid driving on the strip.This hotel was okay only because I got a great deal ($112 govt rate) for a Saturday night stay. However, I probably wouldn't stay here again. Even though I paid a super low rate, my rewards elite status usually gets me a better room. My expectations are higher for a Renaissance.	
Apr 1 2006 	Awsome Hotel!!	This hotel is absolutely amazing!! I couldn't be more impressed with the staff, hotel, food quality, location....I could go on and on. The hotel is beautiful, clean, comfortable, fun, and stylish. I would live at this hotel if I could. The staff is extremely courteous, helpful, and professional. Thank you to the employee's and management of this hotel. I will be back many times.If I could change anything it would be the &quot;pool&quot; and the &quot;gift shop&quot; neither one should be classified as such. Also the refridgerators in the rooms do not work too well.	
Mar 27 2006	Very nice hotel overall except for one problem.	This is a nice property that is very conveniently located next to the convention center and the monorail. HIGH MARKS: service is great, trendy contemporary decor throughout, toiletries are top notch, bed is top notch, very convenient free parking in structure, free bottled water daily.NEUTRAL: room size acceptable, tv is nice but can be testyCONS: very thin walls and poor soundproofing, pool area is small and in shade most of the time since it is located in the middle of the building.I would highly recommend this property to the business traveler who would rather stay away from strip and be next to the convention center, but yet only a monorail ride if they choose to venture into the action. Also recommended for vacationers that have the same idea. Not recommended for families, as I think a hotel casino with a bigger pool would be better suited for them.I guess my only big gripe is the terrible soundproofing in the walls. It's true what some of the other reviewers have posted in that you can hear any conversation of your neighbors. I guess your experience with your stay will depend on how your neighbor's voice travels. My neighbor on one side was quiet the whole time, but the other side I could clearly hear the guys conversation everytime he spoke. I know most hotels you can hear your neighbor's voice, but that is usually when they talk loud or yell. In this case, he clearly was talking in his normal tone.If not for that, I would rate this property a 5 instead of the 4 rating I gave it.	
Mar 25 2006	great hotel	Stayed at the Renaissance for two nights in March. The rooms are very clean, comfortable, quiet and the hotel is located next to the Las Vegas Convention Center and Monorail. The hotel staff is also friendly and helpful. It's a wonderful business hotel.. but I wouldnt stay there as a tourist because it's too far off the strip. As for transportation to the strip... stick with the monorail... stay away from the two-dollar trolley. A ten minute ride took nearly an hour and it was crowded and stuffy.	
Mar 21 2006 	Great Place to Stay	My husband and I stayed at this hotel. Great service, and the rooms were extremely clean. The restaurant in the hotel serves superb food. The spa they took me too was excellent, and if you are attending a function at the convention center, the location couldn't of been better. Thumbs up to this hotel!	
Mar 16 2006 	Convenient location without the crowds	This fairly new addition to the Marriott properties in Las Vegas is a real asset. Warm, well appointed decor and an outstanding staff coupled with its just off-strip locale and adjacency to the convention center makes this hotel a memorable one. I have bounced from property to property in Vegas, looking for the best fit each time I travel out there. I think I found it.	
Mar 5 2006 	Great Location for Conventioners	I'm a marketing road warrior - traveling around the U.S. and staying at a variety of hotels. I have to visit Vegas frequently to attend trade show and typically stay close to the convention center for convenience (Strip? Been there; done that!). Although the Renaissance is great - and I will return - I would like to see them do something about the noise level in the hallways. Being there for business, I am typically sleeping when other Vegas tourists are returning from their wild nights. The hotel room doors are very heavy and are not geared to close quietly. I experienced constant banging of closing doors throughout the nights of my 7 night stay. I was there with 12 of my coworkers and they all experienced the same thing - so I'm not a sole whinner!On a positive note - their restaurant is great - wonderful dinner (and outstanding wine) selections as well as a good breakfast buffet. Their coffee shop (different vendor) could use an improvement on their pastries as most are dry and at times, taste on the stale side - although they LOOK GREAT in the display case!!!Intimate, enclosed courtyard pool area...not huge like many of the other Vegas pools. At times, the hotel will host special functions in the area.Hotel staff VERY friendly and VERY accommodating. Loved everyone! They also have a convenient Hertz car-rental on the premises that I use frequently avoiding the typical airport taxes you incur if renting at the airport.	
Feb 22 2006	A respite from the Strip	After spending several nights in the Excalibur on the strip the Renaissance Las Vegas provided the break we needed. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful from the moment we arrived. We arrived 3-4 hours before check-in time expecting to leave our bags and return later to check-in. They offered to check us in early at no extra charge. From that point on, whether it was the bell man or the young woman who delivered our room service, we were always treated like special guests. Imagine that ... excellent service in Vegas!The monorail stop was just steps away which made it so easy to get to everything. So convenient. We kept talking about how great it was to stay in a clean, modern, not smoky, quiet hotel and then be able to walk over to the monorail station and be on the Strip in 5 minutes. For us it was a perfect combination.	
Feb 19 2006 	Great off strip choice	I have stayed at the Renaissance LV 3 times in the past 18 months, and it is terrific. The rooms are easily accessible and a short walk from the lobby. The convention center and monorail entrance are about a 5 minute walk. Easy access parking, but the hotel and parking garage elevators are separate, so you go down to the ground and then back up to the hotel.My biggest issue is the price. $200+ wasn't too uncommon. Their steakhouse &quot;envy&quot; is OK but the price is outrageous for less than perfect food. Bottom Line:If you want a great nights sleep, friendly and helpful staff, easy access location, casino-free hotel, and don't mind the price...This hotel is for you.Good luck in Vegas!	
Jan 7 2006 	Great night's sleep!!!	If you're going to a conference at the LV Convention Center, the Renaissance is the best place to stay. Within walking distance to the convention center, plus ultra-comfy beds and hip and trendy decor- this was a great place to stay. It's so close to the Monorail station, you can easily go towards to casinos and hotels on the main strip and then come back to get some rest and peace and quiet. I'll definately stay here again!	
Jan 3 2006	Cant be beat	As a regular visitor to Las Vegas, 3-4 times per yer, I was very impressed with the Renaissance. Yes it is off of the strip, but if you are looking for a nice hotel at a resonable price, this place takes the ticket. The service was great from the front desk, the valet was great and the beds were very comfortable. We will stay here again if travelling to Vegas on a budget.	
Dec 15 2005	Unnessasary inconvenience	Desk staff only checked me in for 1 night when booking was clearly for 2 nights. Had to have the room re-keyed because of it. Went to breakfast the second day and again the key did not work and had to get it re-keyed again in order to get in to pack and check out. Very poor desk service, no excuse for what happened. I have stayed here in the past and everything was absolutely perfect. I was looking forward to the same experience this time but was certainly dissapointed. I am not sure if I would choose to stay here when I come back to town in Feb.	
Dec 2 2005	Escape from it all	Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Renaissance. Great to stay off the strip in a hotel that boasts no casino (so only attracts the guests and you can escape from the crowds pouring through the other hotel lobbies). Rooms very uber styling, quiet and comfortable. (Book one of the top floor club rooms and enjoy an inclusive continental breakfast and evening canapes).Only 5 mins walk to monorail station with easy access onto strip - very efficient and runs until 2am.	
Dec 2 2005	Tres Cool - Way Cool	We were in town for the Thanksgiving weekend. Checked in on Wednesday a.m. - arrived in Vegas @ 8:00 and phoned hotel to find out how early we could check in - they stated 7 a.m. so we drove right up. Stayed for three nights - got the third night free w/ the Tres Cool Pkg. :) Great deal! With two children, loved the &quot;no casino&quot; atmosphere. Good breakfast spread, appetizers, and evening desserts. All included w/ pkg. along with access to club lounge anytime of day for water, soft drinks, coffee. Had a great view of the strip from the 11th floor and the room was actually quite spacious, especially the bathroom - oversized w/ separate tub and shower, nice! Beds were very comfortable and had a plentiful amount of pillows. Pool was a bit small, yet the pool area was nice place to lounge about. Staff at all times were helpful and pleasant. Had $25 credit for Envy restaurant and used it for breakfast for two, good deal. Food was cooked to order and coffee and juice were quite tasty. Nice stay away from the hustle and bustle of the strip. Will definitely return.	
Nov 30 2005	Seriously Comfortable Beds!!!	Stayed at the Renaissance for only one night, but it was one of the most comfortable hotel rooms I have ever stayed in. The whole place, whilst designed primarily for the business traveller given its proximity to the Convention Center, oozes a very relaxed and understated elegant atmosphere enhanced by extremely friendly &amp; helpful staff. The monorail station is only a very short walk away, and the parking garage is easily accessable from the hotel. It's most redeeming feature is the bed - it is just soooooo comfy!! Overall, this is an excellent hotel; and perfect for those seeking sanctuary from the loud and smoky environments of the Strip hotels. The only downside as others have mentioned, are the thin walls. Even conversations held at normal voice levels can be heard. That aside though, if anyone is searching for the best off-strip non-casino hotel, then this is it. Simply excellent.	
Nov 30 2005	Great Deal!	Stayed for 1 night during Thanksgiving weekend. Good location if you have a car. And despite the thin walls, it is the best deal for a smoke/casino-FREE hotel @ $99+tax/night which included FREE breakfast @ Envy (worth $40 for 2) and this new modern room with comfy king size bed, FREE internet access, FREE bottled water, Starbuck's coffee, view of the strip on the 12th floor, great bathroom lay-out with products from Lather. Was uninformed of the club room access nor the monorail passes but obtained rate from the Marriot website. Still a steal!	
Nov 28 2005	Nice hotel but paper thin walls	Too bad - it's a nice hotel, with good bathroom, decor, bedding - but walls are thin and that is a major flaw. I was awakened in the morning by the next door occupants who were not shouting by any means. Disappointing. Would not stay here again no matter how nice it is because of that basic problem.	
Nov 28 2005	Good price even better stay	Great value for the money. Still a new hotel and it shows. Flat screen tv in the room, free bottle of champagne in the romance package, room service was very fast and very good. Valet was a little confused the first day but got better after that.	
Nov 23 2005	Excellent place if you get a club concierge room!	Loved this hotel! Little chocolate shaped like an olive on check in, great bell and front desk staff, wonderful club level room right opposite the club room, free breakfast and hor d'ovres and very comfortable beds. Add to all this that I got a great $99 per night deal from their website and this has to be the best bargain in Vegas! The pool is not large but the oversize lounge chairs and the shade actually were good from the hot sun.I'd definitely stay here if I had to go back to Vegas especially if I wanted a non-casino hotel.	
Nov 22 2005 	Paper thin walls inadequate service NEVER AGAIN!	We stayed at the Renaissance Las Vegas Oct 20-23rd while on a business trip. Thanks to reading the tripadvisor reviews we got the Tres Cool package - 3rd night free, concierge level, gift certificate to Envy for $119 a night. I'm really glad we got such a great rate because this hotel is not worth more than $119 a night! We were traveling with our 2 toddlers as we always do, we were treated horribly by other guests because we had our children with us. Go to the JW Marriott in Summerlin or the Venetian for that matter they're both great hotels for families. The room: Very modern furnishings and decor, I liked the look of the room. Size wise it's on of the smallest i've ever stayed in. Cool little flat screen t.v., nice bathroom too. Carpets we're spilled on and stained. We did have a nice view of the Wynn from the 7th floor. Walls are truly paper thin - you will hear everthing going on in the rooms next to you. Our neighbors we're banging on our wall at 10am because we had the tv on! It wasn't even on loud!!! We walked out later in the day just behind the couple staying next to us and the &quot;man&quot; proceded to say at the top of his voice &quot;people with children should not be allowed to stay at this hotel&quot; - to those of you that feel it is your responsibility to dictate where those of us that enjoy traveling with our well behaved children should and should not stay I have a few choice words for you, and i'd like to tell you exactly where you can go - it's really,really hot there so dress light!Food: We never did get the gift certificat for Envy, after we checked in the front desk called and said they had a package for us - we assumed this was probably the gift certificate. My husband went down to the front desk and was told they couldn't find the package. We did room service several times - worst room service menu ever!!!! No selection just a few entress for each meal time. No children's menu, we ended up spliting adult meals between the kids. Asked for hot chocolate and chocolate milk in the morning - had to wait 20 minutes for room service staff to find out if they could make chocolate milk and hot chocolate! Asked what &quot;souffle style&quot; pancakes that were listed on the room service were like - told that they were just regular old pancakes. Huh? The nicest guy on earth did deliver our meals each morning - he was really nice to the kids!Pool: I've honestly seen bigger backyard pools! Don't stay here if you enjoy time at the pool, the seats must go quickly!Concierge lounge: Tried this one morning - little breakfast burritos, pastries, whole fruit, small boxed cereals. Not much selection, but adequate. Evening appetizers consisted of meatballs and some phyllo dough thing, and a bowl of nuts, did not look appetizing. They did have a few bottles of wine out, and a small fridge with 7up, coke, and bottled water.Valet: Always took a long time to get the car, but the guys out there were very nice.We only stayed here because it was close to my husband's client. We would honestly never stay here again. Unless you get a great deal go and stay anywhere else on the strip. This place is behind the strip in a not so nice area, even the valets agree - one evening while waiting for our car a guy came running around the corner, the valet said &quot;Hey man are you ok, do you need help?&quot;, the guy said no he was just running to catch a cab. The valet said &quot;in this neighborhood if somebody's running it's because they're being chased!&quot; LOVELY!!!!	
Nov 22 2005	Our Best Hotel Experience 2005	The Renaissance was a great place to stay off-strip, and the best hotel experience I've had this year, on 3 continents with about 30 nights of hotel stays this year. My husband and I went here for a conference. We don't gamble, and didn't mind not having slot machines every 20 feet.It is a quiet hotel with adult ambience - not the chaotic, smoky, loud and jingling atmosphere of the Strip resorts. We were greeted by a very pleasant front-desk receptionist who had all of our reservations perfect - we requested a high level room with non-smoking king bed and extra pillows. Our Romance Package champagne gift certificate was immediately available as well as our free daily breakfast. Breakfast was served in the lovely Envy restaurant off the menu and averaged $40 a day for two to eat well (good thing it was free). Top-notch exercise area with adjacent large bathroom and shower area. We were permitted to use this area a few hours after checking out to get cleaned up before heading to the airport for a red eye flight back to the East Coast. The concierge was one of the most helpful I've ever encountered - she got us 3rd row seats last minute to the Penn and Teller show and got us orchestra tickets to Avenue Q for the price of balcony tickets, saving us enough money to pay for a great dinner at the Palms. I don't think she even charged us anything extra, and she clearly put in a lot of time calling around on our behalf. We were very impressed with the quality of the service at the Renaissance.Our room was large and very clean, with the sheets and duvet cover changed daily. There was no turndown service, which was fine with us since we napped in the afternoon and wouldn't have wanted the intrusion. The bathroom was large and well thought-out.Room service was prompt and cheerful. The delivery person didn't seem to expect a tip but seemed genuinely grateful for it.The pool area is small and dark after noon, but was romantic and warm in the evening for a warm dip in the pool and hot tub. Much better than the resort hotels, most of which close their pools at 4 or 5 at this time of year.Parking - free in the garage. A big plus for us, after blowing $50 US for 9 hours in the lot at a hotel in London...I highly recommend a stay at the Renaissance Las Vegas and will actively seek out other Renaissance properties when I travel in 2006!	
Nov 15 2005	Missing the mark	Billed as a High End hotel with &quot;an imaginative service culture&quot; I found the Renaissance lacking in both service and culture. They have set a 'high end' goal, but have sadly missed the mark. Although comfortable enough, the very common amenities offered were not special enough in nature to warrant the lofty price. A discriminating price dictates an elevated level of effort to please the guests, and the common service offered at the Renaissance can be found at several other venues in Las Vegas for much, much less. I was not impressed with the concierge who found it difficult to meet even the most basic of requests. The Bar was comfortable, but again, you had to ‘flag’ staff down in order to be served, regardless of how busy it might be when you visit. There were a few ‘shining stars’ on the staff (mostly lower level staff), but as a rule the staff was confused, unaccommodating, and unhelpful, especially at the front desk.“Envy”, the onsite steakhouse was also a disappointment. Although the a la carte menu was adequate, the service was abysmal. Our waiter was courteous, but his support staff was confused, and seemed to wander, completely lost in the small room. Again, the experience was comfortable enough, but not worth the lofty price.It is painfully obvious that the owners of this new hotel are striving for a specific clientele, and the facility certainly has the potential to become a high class destination, but up to now they have completely missed the target offering substandard service and an almost comical confusion by the staff. Comical until you are presented with the bill.	
Nov 10 2005 	Somewhat Disappointing	After reading the reviews posted, I was really looking forward to my stay last week. However, I was not real pleased with the experience. It started when I checked in. I had a confirmed room with a king bed. When I got there (at 1 in the afternoon), they didn't have any kings, only doubles. Not that big a deal since I was travelling alone, but still not what I wanted.When I dropped my stuff off the room seemed nice enough. Plenty of room for just me. Didn't really look around since I wanted to get to the strip. Later that evening when I got back, I found where soda had been spilled on the dresser and in the drawers and hadn't been cleaned up. Then I found gritty stuff in the bathtub. Oh well, I was tired and didn't feel like complaining at that point.Over the next couple of days, I found crumbs in the floor that housekeeping had missed and a used, wadded up kleenex in the bedside table drawer. In addition, the bathtub never got cleaned in the 3 days I stayed there. Again, I could have complained and had my family been with me I would have.Otherwise the hotel was nice. Relatively quiet and it was nice to be off the strip and not have to wonder through the casino to get to you room.Would I stay there again, no unless it was for meetings that were held there. Otherwise there are too many other choices in Vegas.	
Nov 9 2005	a few bumps but overall very nice	We checked in Friday, the 4th of November. As this was the last day of the SEMA show next door at the convention center, the place was packed. Very friendly staff. Beautiful room. We upgraded to the suite which had a seperate living area. Very nice. Our tub faucet was not working so we called and a guy came up and fixed it right away. Great shower. Actually had decent water pressure, which is a definite rareity at the huge casino-resorts. The bed was awesome, quite posibly the most comfortable I've stayed in. Much better than Westin's famed Heavenly. One major complaint though. The walls are PAPER thin. You can hear everything going on next to you, even at a whisper. I swear I heard someone clearly yawn next door. You shouldn't be able to hear someone yawning, and if their TV is on when you want to sleep, forget it. I know they can't tear down the building and start over so I guess this will always be there. ENVY was delicious. Pricey, but on par with a Fleming's or Morton's. Overall, Awesome room, awesome shower, the real heavenly bed but, walls that are for decoration only and serve no actual purpose as far as containing sound.	
Nov 6 2005	Excellent Hotel without a casino	Ny wife and I booked a two night deal through the Renaissance web site with an upgrade to a club room and use of the club lounge. On arrival, valet and front desk staff very helpfulHotel room was brilliant, flat screen tv, excellent beds and bedding, bath and ahower etc. The bonus was the club room access, free drinks, hot snacks in the evening and a good continental breakfast. The hotel is off the strip but easy access by the monorail use a day card or three day card as it works out a lot cheaper. It made a nice change to go straight to your room through a smart uncluttered lobby (no slot machines)would recommend to all, especially if you get the upgrade package.	
Nov 5 2005	SleekModern off the beaten path	This off strip hotel (Marriot chain) is sleek, modern and well furnished with flat screen TV and modern fixtures and furnishing. Good bed. It is slightly inconvenient to returning to from the strip if you want to rest before dinner or a show. I agree with others that the staff seemed undertrained and somewhat unhelpful. My wife loved the vanity magnifying mirror and we purchased one there for 50 dollars. A drawback is that there is a Starbuck's type coffee shop that sells crap pastries and a upper scale restuarant and those are the only places to eat.  The place is very close to a monorail stop and the shuttle (free) to the Wynn. It stops running at midnight. This is a cool hotel but local phone calls cost a dollar (there is a pay phone in the lobby) but each room has an apt. sized fridge with free water in it. Whoop te doo.It seems there is nothing free in LV.Would I stay there again? I don't know. I would probably stay at the Bellagio if I could get a good rate( we paid 270 per night including tax) or go to the Barbary Coast, an old but solid hotel on the strip.	
Oct 27 2005	Mixed bag	I booked the $99 per night special for club level online.Pros: Doorman, front desk staff very nice and helpful at all times, very comfortable bed, comfortable desk chair, large shower, soft towels. Cons: Carpet had some runs, housekeeping missed hairband, small candy etc. on floor under furniture, cricket in room under furniture, lights around vanity in bath very soft (hard to put on makeup), club room staff a little put out that people appeared right at the time food and drink were to be available and actually asked for the food and wine glasses for the wine, and around 1:30am first night awakened by noise that sounded like a hand drill or screwdriver. I should have called the dest, but I was really tired and disoriented, eventually figuring out the sound was real and not a dream, getting out of bed only for it to stop, getting back in bed and it happened again, getting up to hear it again through the wall near the door--no room on other side, perhaps a duct?, then getting to the phone after it stopped again. After 10-15 minutes of this, I just put in my earplugs from the bedside table and waited it out. Next morning front desk had no idea what it could have been. Second night awakened once by the same sound lasting for just a few seconds, but it never happened a second time. Really weird.	
Oct 25 2005	Beautiful Hotel HORRIBLE Service	I called Friday night, before my Saturday stay and confirmed the Package that I had. Champagne in the room and room service breakfast, plus a upgraded room. I arrived on Saturday to not have the room ready for 1 hour, and a uncaring Front Desk staff neglected to let the Valet and Bellman know that they had no rooms available for anyone. So they unloaded the car and drove it away, only to bring it back and repack the car. We were told there was no more room to Lock the luggage up, because there were several other people ahead of us. When we did get the room-no upgrade was made or the vouchers needed for the champagne or breakfast. Then I was told that breakfast was in the restuarant only. After calling management, and being put on hold-Manager could really care less about the service and only &quot;approved&quot; room service breakfast. Then the Champange was delivered to the wrong room. The pool is small, but the gym was nice. This deal was no Deal!	
Oct 25 2005	Overall a good place for a good price.	My boyfriend and I stayed at this Vegas property over the weekend...mainly because we got a good deal including breakfast through the Marriott website (and everything on the strip was overpriced or sold out). It worked out really well! The monorail is steps away and only about 15min till the opposite end of the strip...the hotel is clean, new, and modern. Service is good. The restaurant Envy where we got free breakfast was very yummy, but service was SLOW the first day. The next day the same waiter apologized and made sure we had a better experience which was greatly appreciated. I loved coming back to the hotel and not weaving thru a million slot machines and smokey air! The separate shower and tub was nice as well. CONS- If you are looking for a sunny spot to lay by the pool, this hotel won't work for you though...the pool is pretty shady and small. The conceirge are not well connected and couldn't get us any better dinner reservations at the &quot;hot&quot; spots than we could get ourselves. The one guy also gave us the name of a security that worked at a hot club to help us avoid the lines, but no one at the club even knew the guy. Also, the room we stayed in only had a vanity area in the bathroom so it made it difficult for 2 people to get ready at the same time. Lastly, they wouldn't allow for any late checkouts even though we asked well in advance. :(Overall though, I'd go back.	
Oct 24 2005	Good if you want a hotel off the Strip	If you are looking for a good non casino hotel away from the Strip this is a good place to stay. The hotel is still fairly new, nicely decorated and good room facilities with good views from higher floors but it is geared more towards the business than the leisure traveller. As other reviews state, the pool area is really small and doesn't attract much sunlight, if you want to sit buy a pool, don't stay here! There is only one restaurant - Envy, which was excellent but a little expensive to eat there all the time. Access to the Strip can be made via the Las Vegas Monorail ($3 a trip) which is just accross a parking lot or via the excellent Wynn courtesy bus opposite the monorail station.	
Oct 7 2005	modernistic gem off the Strip	Stayed there for one-night-in-town-getaway from own house.... and was extremely pleased. That was a great deal for $120 (via Renaissance website)Rooms look modern, have cordless phone and flat screen LCD TV. Bed was pretty comfortable and bathroom was very clean.You won't get that Vegas-casino feel here so I liked it a lot. Feels like you're far away from Strip :-). I'd agree on comments about pool - it doesn't get much sunlight, especially in a afternoon.	
Oct 7 2005	Forget those Casinos!	The Renaissance Hotel in Las Vegas is a welcome oasis for those who are tired of the Casino scene! As the other reviewer noted the bedding, bathroom and furniture is very modern, clean and top quality. I ordered room service (corn/scallop soup + Maryland Crab Cake) and it was delicious.	
Oct 5 2005	Reniassance was wonderful	My boyfriend and I stayed for 2 nights at the Renaissance during July 2005. I wished we could have stayed longer. Our view was wonderful, all of our requests (non-smoking room, high floor, etc), were met with ease!We were really grateful to be off the strip and the late night hijinks that arise. Our traveling companions stayed at a hotel on the strip and didn't have the same restful sleep we did.The pool, while small, is pretty good. If you're at the bar, it's a wonderful place to enjoy a Mojito. (the female waitress is also a bartender -- aske her to make a Mojito. You'll be glad you did).We didn't eat there, I did grab a few bagels/muffins from their coffee cafe in the hotel. Keep in mind that anything onsite of a hotel has a higher cost due to convenience, but otherwise it was fine.All in all, we were VERY pleased with our stay, and I would definitely recommend it to others -- just don't book when we do! :)	
Sep 30 2005	Good Food	Only stayed a night on way back to UK. Room was nice 'Club Room', though plasma TVs are hit and miss in their picture quality. Quiet compared to Luxor where I'd stayed a week earlier.Superb food in the 'Envy' restaurant. Check out at 04:00 wasn't a problem.	
Sep 26 2005	Nice hotel but...	I am Marriott Platinum Rewards member. I have travelled quite a bit and have stayed in plenty of Marriotts. This hotel is a nice business hotel. It offers basic amenities but it falls short in essential ones. First, the bad...As many have commented, the pool is small and not very funtional. The staff is serious and somewhat aloof. The corcierge level staff, one of the worst I have experienced. The first evening there, we showed up at 5:45pm (they open at 5:30pm) and the complementary snacks were already gone. When asked, the lady there said they would bring more later. The bar had items missing and we were told that the restaurant had priority and needed the booze. The room was right below the concierge and this the noise woke us up at opening time, with chairs sliding back and forth above us. The bed was hard. They have only one restaurant and no store for incidentals. The starbucks lady was miserable all 3 days we were there--does not know how to smile.Now, the good...The monorail is about a 5 min walk. There is a shuttle across the street that takes you to the Wynn (a must see). The architecture is modern and pleasant. The food in the restaurant is superb. The room itself was very nice and i appreciated having free internet access. The hotel is quiet and there are no smoky areas or busy gambling action to pass through as you look for the elevator. Overall, I would not recommend this hotel if you go there for pleasure. This is NOT a party place; it is a business hotel.	
Sep 16 2005 	Peaceful retreat way from the noisy strip	Quiet retreat from casino madness and the non - stop mayhem of the strip but with easy access by the monorail or a cab, this is a comfortable place to stay in Vegas especially if you need to have close access to the Conference centre. The beds are great... soft feather comforters and fluffy pillows are just the ticket after a hard night on the strip. The staff were friendly and helpful and parking is free - valet or self parking.The restaurant is good although I complained about a ripped and tattered napkin, but was given a new one with apologies. Unfortunately you will have to go to the strip if you want a choice of eating place as the hotel has only one restaurant. Beware the lounge area of the restaurant - they offer 'a lighter selection'. We ordered the Club Sandwich with turkey. It had a large slab of tasteless cheese included in its breaded enormity, alongside a huge pile of cold greasy chips - pure junk food. The chef might like to try a UK BLT... neat small triangles of buttered brown bread with Danish back bacon, tomato and lettuce!A small tip to the hotel...please provide a shower cap! (And clean the windows so that we can take a photograph!) Go to the roof of the hotel car park and look at the view, especially at night.We appreciated the Starbucks Coffee in the room and also in the Cafe.As tea drinkers we wish that hotels would provide an electric kettle (some do!). Trying to make tea in a coffee maker is difficult and the taste of coffee ruins the flavour.	
Sep 12 2005	Loved This Quiet Smoke-Free Gem!	I haven't even began to unpack from our weekend stay at the Renaissance, but I'm here to rave about this hotel! We were welcomed by a warm, friendly, and cheerful staff. Free glasses of lemonade in sugar-rimmed glasses were refreshing after our travels in the heat of Las Vegas. Our request for a room with a view of the strip was honored. The view also included the lushness of the Wynn golf course. Our room was spotlessly clean. Do you think I could get them to clean my shower doors so perfectly? The decor is modern and refreshing. Beware of the bed! It's so comfortable, you may sleep longer than you mean to, like we did. Our room included two free bottles of water in the small refrigerator, a bathrobe in the armoire, Starbucks coffee, tea, and a flatscreen TV. The bathroom was beautiful as well, with a separate bathtub and shower. We loved the simple elegance of the shower so much, we're returning the insert we bought for our remodel, then copying it's design instead. We loved the great bargain we got for this quiet, smoke-free gem!After reading the reviews here, we decided to travel via the monorail for our stay. Although we enjoyed it very much, next time we'll rent a car as well. The rail travels along the back side of the strip. Take your comfortable shoes as you will still need to do much walking. Those Las Vegas blocks are at least ten times larger than the ones in our town! The monorail line goes from the MGM to the Sahara, in a quick 15 minutes. After purchasing day passes twice, paying for the shuttle bus and tips to and from the airport, and a taxi ride after a long hike to the Rio buffet, it would have been cheaper to rent a car for the weekend. We would have enjoyed visiting other parts of town as well. Traveling on the monorail is your best bet when the traffic is heavy. $10 unlimited 24 hour pass, or $3 per ride. Yes, the pool is small, but lovely. We loved strolling around it in the evening, enjoying the way the palm trees are lit up, and soaking in some peace and quiet.	
Sep 10 2005	Blissfully Quiet	Finally, a hotel for business travelers in vegas. It's off the strip, right by the convention center and the Hilton. No casino, so you don't get assaulted by lights and noise everytime you walk in, and you don't have to hike a mile to get to the elevators. 36 in flat screen tv's, down comforter, turndown service, SEPARATE shower and bathtub, free highspeed internet in the room...need I say more?I arrived on Labor Day and stayed three nights. I had a package called Tres Cool which was three nights for the price of two. That package included access to the club lounge on the 15th floor - continental breakfast including some of the most heavenly homemade granola I have ever had, appetizers from 5-7:30 pm and desert from 8-10 pm. All free. The package also included $25 off any meal at Envy. The monorail is a five minute walk (pickup at the convention center) for those who want to go down strip. My total bill was just over $300 for four days and three nights.The only downside to this is the restaurant. I'd have to give it a 3 1/2. All the food was slightly overdone, as if someone just wasn't paying attention. It is the only restaurant in the hotel (other than a little coffee bar), so if you don't like it, you'll have to go elsewhere.	
Sep 7 2005	Fabulous clean hotel	This is a quite clean new hotel off the strip. It's right next to the mono-rail so you can get to and fro the strip in no time. The room was a bit small but cozy and had the most luxurious beddings and linen I've ever experienced at a 4 star hotel. I had the best sleep of my life sleeping on their beds. The only con would be that the shower stall lining was coming undone, so the water splattered on the floor some, but compared to the bunch of shabby 4 star posers on the strip (examples...Aladdin!! -&gt; what a 4 star dump) it's immaculate and luxurious. Go there if you want a hotel with some quite diginity. Oh, did I mention wireless Internet was free? Go for it!	
Sep 1 2005	Tranquility and Fab Restaurant	Just returned from a 3 night stay and I agree with all the previous reviews. This place is a great find. Without exception, every staff person was professional, friendly and helpful. The hotel is very clean, the beds have great linens and are very comfortable. Our only glitch was the room refrigerator wasn't working but it was replaced with a new one in less than 10 minutes. The Club Room is available 24 hours and was a great place to refresh and retreat from the heat.We took the suggestion of checking the Marriott website and used &quot;pkg&quot; in the promotion code. We got the Tres Cool Package, stay three nights and the third is free, $25 dinner credit at the hotel restaurant, ENVY and 2 monorail passses. Having breakfast available in the Club Room also saved us some expenses. All in all, it was a great value.We hesitated to use our dinner credit since most hotel restaurants leave a lot to be desired. ENVY was definitely the exception to the rule. Our meals were fabulous, much better than the one we had at Rosemary's the #1 rated restaurant on this site. The Sea Bass was the best I've ever had and my husband's creamed corn in brandy as a side dish was incredible!Although we were off the strip the monorail station is just a short walk across a parking lot. Also, just across the street you can catch the Wynn Shuttle which takes you to the Wynn and you're right on the strip at that point.No casino was also a plus...no long walk to the elevator. And, much quieter.This place is highly recommended.	
Aug 27 2005	Luxurious 	My sister and two adult nieces stayed at The Renaissance while in Vegas to settle one of my nieces into UNLV. It was tremendous! We took advantage of the hotel's website package - $99/night on the Club Level, with 2 free drinks/room at the lounge. The Club Level lounge was casual &amp; comfortable, and served breakfast (yogurt-granola parfaits &amp; breakfast burritos &amp; fresh cut fruit in addition to the typical continental breakfast fare), afternoon appetizers (shrimp tempura &amp; bite size pizzas when we were there), evening dessert (fancy-shmancy bite size pastries) &amp; coffee - all included. Bottled water and soda available and free of charge at all times. The food was very good and fresh, service was good, and the money we saved on meals and water was significant. One server on the Club Level, Ricky, was extremely helpful, offering to help us carry coffee and dessert for a family member who stayed in the room. The staff was friendly, quickly helpful, and professional, without being overbearing. The public spaces were decorated in a hip, 50's 'rat pack' modern kinda way (if that makes any sense at all!). All kinds of nice small touches - artistic room number plates, creative 'do not disturb' signs, lemonade in martini glasses in the lobby in the afternoon. Rooms are clean and pretty spacious on Club Level, and the bathrooms are lovely, with a separate oversized shower and bath, with nice amenities and bathrobes. Everything was clean and in good condition. On to a couple negatives. As noted on previous reviews, the pool is small and in the shade by about 2pm. There are nice lounge chairs and tables, but no bar service by the pool (the bar is right by the pool area though). It is off the strip, but barely - a quick monorail or car ride will get you there within a few minutes.This is a non-smoking hotel with no casino. For my tastes, this was wonderful. However, if you are looking for a boisterous place, this is not for you. It is casual classy, an overall upscale haven, and so very affordable.	
Aug 25 2005	An Absolutely Adorable Find	I have to say that I chose the Renaissance based on reviews I had read here. And I'm glad to say that for the most part they were spot on.We arrived Sunday, July 31, 2005 and checked out Tuesday, August 2, 2005 to go stay for one night at the Venezia Tower at the Venetian. we paid $143 a night with a AAA discount and a 'voucher' explained below. I wish I knew where people were getting the $99 deals for.I have to say that after our stay at the Renaissance, the Venezia paled in comparison.POSITIVES1. Extremely friendly staff - Everyone from the valet guy to the check-in to the concierge were all super friendly. Tipping is NOT required although we generously did. No pressure there but these people are genuine sweethearts.2. Quiet - You walk in and it feels like a retreat. Subtle, modern decor and just a general feeling of calm.3. Check In - Absolutely seamless. Only one issue there. We had obtained a Marriott Rewards voucher for 100 Uk Pounds which we wanted applied to our stay. Apparently these things are 'given' on ebay and so we took advantage of it. The initial clerk only credited us $110 which we found out at check out, but once we called down to reception this was corrected and we ended up with a $160 credit towards our 2 night stay. I would definitely recommend looking for these vouchers on ebay as it saved us a bundle.4. Location - Yeah it's not on the strip but like everyone says the monorail is literally across the strip and we checked it out. Very fast and easy to use and after exiting at Harrahs and dealing with all the noise and smoke there we were extra happy to go back to the Renaissance.5. Room - Not the largest but very clean with the exception of a minor bathroom incident which my hardy husband took care of. Overall definitely top notch. The rooms are a delight and you'll be hard pressed to actually get on the strip.NEGATIVES1. None - Honestly, I went with high expectations and they were met. Ok the only thing I can think of is their room service. Our breakfast was mediocre at best but the people serving it were extra nice so it didn't bother us too much.	
Aug 24 2005	Renaissance...Outstanding Service Great Room	Stayed weekend of Aug11-13.1.What a breath of fresh air this place is. Stayed nite before at TheHotel, and even with a very pleasant experience there the personal touch and extremely warm staff here were very welcome.2. Very modern decor. Little Starbucks-like cafe- excellent coffee and pastries, very pleasant and sweet staff. Bar/lounge looked cool, but did not sample.3. Bed was incredibly comfortable. Room service prompt; rooms immaculately clean and well-maintained. 4. My views may be slightly prejudiced by the great weekend rate- $106/nite for govt/military rate, which is only sometimes available.5. Only slight problem- as stated, the pool is tiny and almost always shaded. This is somewhat mitigated by the huge, comfortable lounging beds that are in the area, and the peace and quiet there.6. FREE WATER....FREE WATER....FREE WATER!!! Is there anything better? Seriously, it is a nice touch, especially after getting the &quot;thoughtful&quot; offer of a $4 or more bottle in my room in other Mega-resorts.BOTTOM LINE- If you want a great room, and a quiet, clean, modern hotel, stay here if you can get a rate below $150 on weekends, or $100 on weekdays.	
Aug 23 2005 	Great Business Hotel	Best hotel for attendies and exhibitors at the Las Vegas convention center.Just a few steps to the doors of the convention center. Nice fitness area and business center. Great staff. Pool is nice but small and mostly shaded, would not be sufficient for most leisure guests. On the bright side, the pool area never seemed to be crowded.Rooms are clean and very nicely appointed from the fixtures to the comfy beds. Highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 20 2005	Peace 	Stayed here for 3 nights at a midweek daily rate of $99, which included a more-than-adequate daily continental breakfast, 2 single trip monorail passes, and a $25 credit for the hotel restaurant (didn't use). Picked this hotel for its Marriott name, close but off-strip location, great rate, and lack of casino action. The hotel is new, modern in decor, NOT cigarette-smokey, and very easy to navigate due to the absence of casino, multiple restaurants (only 1 here), and shops. It's right next door (2 minute walk) to the convention center which has a monorail station, although we mostly used our rental car to get around. There were no conventions in town while we were there. The staff, especially the bellman and valets were helpful and friendly. Our room, which was on the small side, was on the 10th floor overlooked the backside of the strip, and the new Wynn hotel and golf course. The beds were a bit firm but the bedding was luxurious and comfortable. The bathroom was large with separate shower and tub, but the shower water pressure was very weak. We used the pool and hot tub twice in the late afternoon to relax and unwind, but it is very small (the smallest I've ever seen), there is no beverage or food service, and the pool area is dark and somewhat claustrophobic. Overall, I'd recommend this hotel to those who want a peaceful and comfortable refuge from the crowds and noise of the strip. We'd stay here again.	
Aug 19 2005	Beautiful hotel	Pros- Upscale hotel just off the strip. Room was beautiful, above average in size and spotless. Beds are very comfortable. Free parking. The pool/hot tub were centrally located and close to elevators. The pool courtyard is out of the sun in the early AM and late afternoon, which was great. The workout facility was great.Cons- Breakfast not included.	
Aug 10 2005	Great hotel with a few minor deficiencies	Considering that we booked the room on a $99 web special for a “Club Level Room,” which came with 2 complimentary cocktails and Club Lounge access, I hesitate to complain, but overall, the hotel is superb. Here’s a rundown of our impressions:PLUSES:The public areas and room were very well-appointed with retro-modern / funky décor.The hotel offers free in-room Internet access, flat panel LCD TVs, great views, etc. The bed was extremely comfy, among the best we’ve ever had.Everything was impeccably clean (the property was only 9 months old when we stayed) and our room was very quite.The 24 hour gym was well-equipped and offerred free bottles of water.The staff was generally very friendly.There is no casino in the hotel, which we thought was great because it was really nice to be able to “come home” to a quiet refuge every night, away from the relentless dinging slot machines at most other hotels.The location is great. It’s situated right next to the Convention Centre and monorail station, across the street the golf course at the back of the new Wynn Las Vegas Resort. One thing that we were REALLY happy to discover on our first day was a free shuttle service offered by the Wynn, which operates non-stop daily until midnight from the street corner that is adjacent to the Renaissance (literally a one minute walk), right to the lobby of the Wynn hotel. This made getting back and forth from the strip a total breeze.NEGATIVES:Service in the restaurant was mediocre and they weren’t very accommodating with any special requests. Breakfast is only served until 11:00 am, which is odd for Vegas.The pool is small and located in a courtyard where the sun is obscured from about 1:30 pm onward. Compared to other Vegas hotels, the pool area really sucked.The Club Lounge was a bit lame and we had to specifically ask them to bring out some fresh fruit because all they had out were only 3 bruised apples (The complimentary soft drinks and honor bar did make up for it though).The walls between the rooms were very thin and not very sound-proof. We frequently heard the murmur of our neighbours talking and we could hear their phone ring almost as if we were in the same room.Overall, the Renaissance offers exceptional value and luxury. If you go to marriott.com and enter the promotional code “PKG” you’ll find great deals. Short of paying two or three times as much, you’d be hard pressed to find a better hotel.	
Jul 27 2005	Great Hotel; Pool Sucks!	I booked this hotel on a busy boxing w/end (July 15-17) for a great price, in comparison to other hotels in area. I chose it for its great location (1 block behind strip; next door to LV convention center) and also chose it for its newness. This hotel had apparently been open for less than 1 year, so I figured it has to look great and be clean. I was right! The room was big and clean and the bathroom was gorgeous and modern. The room had a coffee maker and flat screen tv and the mattress and bedding were SOOO comfortable.The issue I have with this hotel is the pool area. It's pretty awful. It is small and is centered between buildings, so upon registration, the front desk informed us that there is only sun there until 2pm!! This hotel is probably fine for times of the year when it is not warm or hot, but if swimming or sunbathing interests you, then this is NOT the place to stay! We attempted to go to other hotel pools, only to be turned away because we were not guests at the hotels. This ruined our trip a bit, as it was 120 degrees in Vegas and swimming was a big deal to us for the trip!Also, there is no casino. I don't mind that so much, but at the same time you really don't get a Vegas experience staying in this hotel. Many business people seem to stay here. There were many groups visiting. It's not a very lively hotel in general.It's a great hotel, but I will not stay here again in the summer.	
Jul 22 2005	3 day advance booking deal	I am traveling with my daughter &amp; neice to Vegas to attend a concert. I was looking for a mid-week deal (sounds easy) but really didn't find any. The best I could find, calling the hotels direct, was at the Renaissance for $149 with AAA discount. Then I checked the Marriot website and they were showing a $99 a night pkg! I booked that on line and cancelled the other. What is interesting is that when I called the hotel direct, they transferred me to reservations in Cleavland, Ohio. They don't know anything about pkg discounts offerred or even how to catch the monorail since they don't know it even exists!	
Jul 15 2005	We had a ball!	The Renaissance Las Vegas is so fashionable. I went on a family trip with my friend and her parents. We had a great time. The hotel isn't on the strip but it didn't make a difference. The room was very nice and I slept as if I was at home in my own bed. I have NEVER experienced a great night's sleep in a hotel until the Renaissance. The hotel staff were very nice. We only had one minor bump with housekeeping. We came back to our room on day two to find it untouched. We alerted Verna who was cleaning another room on our floor, and we didn't even have to call the front desk or go down there. She took care of it and someone was at our door to clean our room in about ten minutes. So we didn't consider it an issue. We took full advantage of the pool and the gym. Both were clean and well stocked. For a non casino hotel, it is more than accommodating. Overall, I would definitely stay at the Renaissance again.	
Jul 9 2005	Very nice alternative to the Strip except for Housekeeping issues	As others have stated, the Renaissance Las Vegas is a very nice alternative to the Strip. Sleek style in a smoke-free, casino-free, noise-free environment. Comfy beds, fast check-in, easy access to a very manageable parking garage. Very pleasant hotel for our family weekend getaway.However, our concerns were with housekeeping issues. Upon arrival to our room, there was 1 single tissue remaining in the bathroom tissue dispenser, just a few sheets remaining on the toilet paper roll (although an additional roll was provided in the under sink storage), and there was no sugar, cream, or stirrers included with the complimentary coffee. Its unsettling to find such a used feeling when first entering your room.Monday at just past Noon, the trash can by the 3rd floor elevator in the parking garage was completely overflowing, a mound of trash surrounding the area. Its these minor but annoying problems that spoiled what was otherwise a very enjoyable stay.	
Jun 21 2005	A Comfy Contemporary Gem Off The Strip	My partner and I just returned from a relaxing 5-day stay at the Renaissance Las Vegas. The hotel exceeded all of our expectations including views, location, food, design, service, etc. It was so enjoyable that it was hard to drag us away to visit The Strip and other Vegas attractions. Let’s start with the location; the hotel is perfectly located adjacent to the Las Vegas Convention Center. If you are not in town for business this location may seem like a drag, but with the new Monorail just steps away, a secret tram directly to the Wynn Hotel at the next block, and a Hertz agency with vehicles available onsite, the entire city is readily accessible. What really makes this all so nice is that the place is so very quiet, yet sleek contemporary and clean. None of the craziness of a typical Vegas casino hotel. Overall the entire place is upscale, friendly, clean, modern and downright livable.We purchased a package through Visa at $150 a night, and that included a free breakfast each morning. This was not a continental bagel and juice buffet, but rather we could choose anything form the menu of their beautifully designed award-winning restaurant. I tried almond waffles, an egg frittata, and whole-wheat blueberry pancakes. They even provided smoothie samplers with each meal.After breakfast we enjoyed the pool. This is the only component of the hotel that lacked. The fact is that the pool experiences some shade at all times of the day. However, with the Vegas sun and heat this can work to the hotel’s advantage. We used sunscreen at all times and still got toasty and a great tan too. Additionally, chilled water and fresh fruit were availaible in the adjacent fitness center free of charge.We were originally provided an eastern view (away from the strip). It was nice enough, but knew that a view of the strip would be dramatic. We asked for an upgrade on day two. They said it usually would cost $10, but they happily arranged a free move. The view delivered you can see the entire strip from Mandalay Bay to the Stratosphere, overlooking The Desert Inn Golf Course at The Wynn.The rooms provide great comfy beds and pillows, a flat screen Phillips TV and beautiful bathrooms with fantastic water pressure. The comments about paper thin walls just are NOT true. This is among the quietest hotels in which I've ever stayed.Treat yourself and try a new Vegas hotel. At just 9 months old, the hotel delivers on all fronts. The only perceived disadvantage would be its location off the strip, however this works to guest advantage providing a quiet relaxing atmosphere, while the adjacent monorail and free Wynn shuttle provides access to everything you could possibly desire in the City.	
Jun 20 2005	A great alternative to the Strip	We stayed for one night in mid-June to attend a concert. Chose this property because of the recommendations and thought it was great!The staff are extremely friendly and knowledgeable. Our valet told us how to avoid traffic on Las Vegas Blvd. so we could get to our dinner reservations and the concert at the Mandalay Bay on time. We left at the same time as friends from another hotel close by and arrived 40 minutes ahead of them in time to have a great meal and take our time.On the morning that we left, another valet gave us two complimentary bottles of water for the road trip home.The rooms were amazing for the price, the bed SUPER COMFORTABLE, and the location is literally right next to the LV Monorail so you don't have to drive in town if you don't want to do so.Good Location, GREAT Staff, Beautiful Property - we will definitely come back.	
Jun 19 2005	Outstanding Service and professionalism	The Renaissance in Las Vegas is home to the most professional and courteous staffs I've ever experienced. I've traveled extensively for the past 9 years and this staff is fantastic.Every request was met pleasantly, quickly and courteously. They couldn't have been more accomodating.Their location is super, it's 1 block off the strip with a great view of the Desert Inn golf course ( now Wynn properties course ).It's very easy to get to the convention center, monorail, and north end of the strip from the Renaissance.The concierge breakfast and snacks are outstanding. The beds were very, very comfortable.If you're a marriott member, using points and heading to Vegas, I highly recommend staying at the Renaissance.The upgraded bathroom amenities, HDTV flatscreen, and great service make it a wonderful hotel to get away from it all.	
Jun 8 2005	Quiet and Contemporary	As a divorced mom, I &quot;ran away&quot; to Vegas while the kids visited their dad. Not being much of a gambler, I looked for non-casino properties that still had close proximity to The Strip. I also travel a great deal on business, so I was delighted to find the new Renaissance available (especially since I had so many points saved up through Marriott, its parent company).Just about everything I read on TripAdvisor was accurate, so I felt prepared--everything was clean, contemporary, kind of minimalist (the main lobby was rather sparse in decor) but a refreshing change of pace from the norm in Vegas.I arrived on the Sunday before Memorial Day, and even though I learned the hotel was only at around 40% occupancy, I couldn't get an upgrade to a suite for the three nights I was there. I did get a Club Floor room though, so that meant having access to continental breakfast, hors d'oeuvres, beverages and desserts. That convenience alone saved me lots of money!The room was TINY, but the flat screen TV, microwave, mini-fridge, plush terry robes and separate glassed-in shower made up the difference. Oh, and the beds are truly divine--best sleep I've had in a long time. The comment made about the walls being paper thin is also unfortunately true--every time someone next to me allowed their door to close, it tended to slam hard and it sounded like the walls were coming down (very annoying)!The concierge service was wonderful, and for those that are looking for a one-of-a-kind spa experience, make sure to book treatments at The Stirling Club, which is a private retreat as part of the ultra-exclusive Turnberry Residences. I guess Renaissance has a great connection with them...as a guest, I was whisked away by Lincoln Towncar to the highrise buildings. The circular entryway leading to the club was spectacular and opulent--lifestyles of the rich and famous for sure!Despite the luxurious surroundings, I found the spa treatment pricing very competitive, and even though they automatically add an 18% service charge, you will still want to tip additionally. Their Zen body wrap treatment was to die for--it was a combination body scrub, body wrap and light massage for only $70 and it lasted nearly an hour. After your treatment, they allow you to enjoy their pool and use the club's facilities for the day, which includes a spacious workout room and indoor lounge areas. On Mondays, their restaurant is closed and I didn't have the means to buy alcoholic beverages by the pool, but after the spa experience I really didn't need anything further to relax. The Stirling Club is a giant maze of marbled decadence, and I didn't want to leave.Back at the hotel, the tiny pool and hot tub area was also a disappointment, not so much because of the size but how it was configured within the courtyard. You will only get about an hour's worth of sunshine, so if you're planning to tan, stay longer at The Stirling Club, because you won't have access to pools at any of the other hotels or resorts.Envy, their highly regarded steakhouse, had prices that were pretty steep. Instead of dining there, I ordered a few meals from room service and got to sample some of their creations, but found the menu to be rather limited--five or six entree items for lunch and dinner.The highlight of this hotel is its proximity to the Convention Center and Monorail Station. Because of the holiday weekend, this area wasn't nearly as busy as it could have been, and every night when I left the hotel to see a show or have dinner, the Monorail was clean, efficient, on time, safe and a delight to use in getting around. It's $3 per ride, but the better buy is the $10 pass for 24 hours' use, if you're going back and forth like I did.All in all, I love Renaissance as a brand, and this new property was nice--not the best I've stayed in, but for the location, decent rates and built-in benefits, it's great either for business travel or a leisure getaway from the noisy casinos and crowds. Enjoy!	
Jun 6 2005	Good Stay at the Renaissance	I stayed for one night on May 27th and I can tell you three things that are the best about this hotel. The bed is definitely the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. The Envy Restaurant has the best food I had tasted during my trip. I went for lunch and had the filet steak sandwich which melted in your mouth. I had the filet migon steak dinner at Kokomo's at the Mirage and it did not compare. I talked with the waiter and he says they use their own butcher. The monorail was a quick walk away and it's clean, safe and quick. I was at the strip in minutes. The only dissapointment is the pool. It is adequate as it has some cushion loungers, but it it just a regular rectangular pool in a courtyard with no landscaping. I guess I was spoiled just coming from the Mirage. By the way, if you are a Marriot Rewards member ask to be upgrade to the Concierge level. You then receive complimentary breakfast.T from NY	
Jun 2 2005	THE most comfortable beds in Vegas...	Stayed for 2 days during Memorial Day, great value, trendy fixtures, decor, great pool to chill out, actually checked in around 8:30 PM, had room key and in the elevator at 8:31 PM!!!!	
May 31 2005	Going back in two months	We stayed 1 night during the Memorial weekend. During check-in, I've a long list of requests and every single item on my list was accommodated. No complaint there. The service from the front desk is excellent. What ever you want, just ask and they will do their best to accommodate you.My room is on the 6th floor, view to the Wynn hotel. The room has a mini fridge with two complimentary bottles of water. The bed is very comfortable. I think it has three different types of pillows, a total of six. A flat 32&quot;(I think) HDTV plasma TV. The room is very clean. The only complaint I have is when we got there, they just finished washing the hallway carpet. The carpet shampoo smells like manure. Once we got in the room and the door is closed, we couldn't smell anything so it didn't bother us that much.As indicated by other reviewers, this is not a casino hotel. It's between the Wynn's hotel and the Convention Center. The mono-rail is available for $10 all-day ticket or $2 each way. The mono-rail station is right next door at the convention center, a five minutes walk. It stops at many popular hotels/casino on the strip.We loved this hotel because it's in the center of Las Vegas and off the Las Vegas Blvd. We don't smoke and don't like to walk through the casino to get to our room so this is perfect for us. We didn't try any of the restaurants in the hotel, cannot comment on that. For the price we paid, it's a heck of a deal and in my opinion, this hotel ranks the best three hotels out of the 15 plus major hotels/casino I've stayed in Vegas.Because we like it so much, we'll be going back in July.	
May 31 2005	Nice Hotel	Me and My boyfriend stayed at Renaissance Las Vegas this May and We had a blast! Hotel employees were very polite and nice. Doorman treats you like you are somebody. Room was clean and nice. TV was great and wireless internet was very useful. They cleaned our room everyday and we had fresh towels everyday. There is a cafe in the lobby where you can get coffee and snack but their sandwiches are overprised and a girl who works there don't know how to make coffee. We loved the pool at Renaissance. It is small but not crowded like other hotels. Hot tub is great and had very powerful water pressure. The only problem that we had was the location. It turns out monorail is useless because you walk even more when you ride monorail. We are young so we don't have a problem walking but we were extremely exhausted by second day so we rented a car. It's further than you think from the Strip. Also, if you are going there to have fun and meet people, don't go there because most of people there are business people. But if you want, non-smoky clean hotel where you can relax and willing to rent a car, go to Renaissance, you will have so much fun	
May 27 2005	Not worth the money	My husband and I just got back from Las Vegas and were less than impressed with the hotel. The first night we got there we had to move to 3 different rooms before we got the right one. And dealing with that late at night after a long flight is not something you want to do. This is after we had called earlier in the week confirming our reservation and room. The next day, we ventured off to the strip to come back to our door to our room opened and all our belongings missing. After 45 minutes of complete chaos, the hotel realized they accidently checked us out and the cleaning staff took our belongings when the cleaned our room. The secuirty, though, was more than helpful with the entire situation. We did get all our belongings back with nothing missing. One day during our 4 day stay there, they never cleaned our room. It was near 5:00 and we had to find a cleaning staff on our floor to get fresh towels. The pool is very small. And by 1:30, it's in complete shade. Needless to say, we will never stay there again. We expected much more for the money we spent.	
May 18 2005	renaissance was excellent As I expected	2 night stay, sat and sun. valet parking was easy and they are eager to please. always running and they will give you a free bottle of water. check in was fast and easy, i ask for an upgrade being a marriott member and was granted vip status,(access to concierge lounge, free food and drinks 3 times a day) the room was typicval marriott quality. PERFECT, and the bed has about 12&quot; woth of fluffy bedspreads and huge pillows. I had a pool view. about a 30 inch plasma type tv, desk, alarm cd radio at bedside, free intrernet broadband, coffee maker with teas also, ironing board, hair dryer and anything that you would want. the is a computer room with 3 computers. the pool in small, but extravagant, huge palm trees and a 8-10 person hot tub, family size padded adjustable lounge chairs with cushions. pool side drink waiter. this was a great stay, i will return anytime I have the chance. location was near the hilton and convention center. about 2 blocks off of the north end of the strip.	
May 16 2005	excellent stay	just returned from the renaissance in las vegas. Hotel was beautifully decorated and staff was friendly. It was our anniversary and the desk left a card and cheese platter in our room. The hotel is located off the strip but the new monorail system right across the street made it very convienent. The hotel is not like the resorts you would see on the strip and does not have the large pool with servers. my husband and I spent the day over at the hard rock one day to lounge around. While the hotel was mainly filled with business related guests, their were several tourists there as well. While we probably would stay at a resort next time, with more people our age, we did enjoy our stay at this hotel as a gift for our anniversary. GREAT place if you want the access to the strip without the crowds or noise.	
May 9 2005	Great Hotel	This is an excellent hotel. Since this is a business hotel there is no casino and no smoke smell. The staffs are great and the room is neat and quiet. The LCD TV is a nice touch. Highly recommend.	
May 7 2005 	Quiet clean and restful	If you're in Vegas for business or for whatever reason don't need to be around a casino 24/7 this is a great little hotel with quick access to the strip when you want it -- and blessedly without all the usual cig-smoke wafting all through the lobby, halls and even the rooms. However, at anything over $229 a night it's probably over priced. I grabbed a $179 rate for 5 nights and was pleasantly surprised -- even after a rocky late-night arrival during which there was absolutely no one out front to greet guests -- not a bellman, nothing. Eventually the lone front desk manager came out and got my bags and later even parked my car. From there all was relatively smooth.  While the Art Deco modernish decor is really more an approximation of a fine hotel, than a true statement, the place is very restful, quiet, and clean. Rooms are small but very functional. The bed, flat screen and nicely appointed bath were all excellent. The lobby bar was fun and the staff very eager to please (maybe a little too eager - I'll get to that later). A food and beverage manager eagerly ran to get me a couple of candy bars from the employee break room when I noticed the hotel snack-bar/coffee-stand didn't have quite the chocolate I wanted. When one of the TV's in the very well-appointed gym had a problem, a manager came right up. But a couple of the parking attendants were a bit too friendly -- one going so far as to ask for my phone number. (Though two others supplied competent, very helpful driving directions). The pool however is a problem -- though nicely laid out in the pretty courtyard it is indeed in the shadows of the building during much of the day - a real problem when it's cool out. And interestingly, this isn't the first time I've seen this issue at a Renaissance, so ya gotta wonder what's up with that kind of design flaw if it's being repeated. . . Big negative: Was not able to buy a New York Times in the lobby - in fact the staff looked at me like I was requesting something from Mars. They eagerly tried to hand me a Wall Street Journal and the Las Vegas paper, having no understanding that any newspaper isn't a substitute for the one requested. For a business hotel, this should change.	
May 7 2005	Very Nice Good Service	We just got back from a stay in Las Vegas. It was our first time. We stayed at both this place and Mandalay Bay. We found both to be wonderful in their own way and are glad we tried them both. The service at Renaissance was wonderful. The restaurant was very good. The beds were WONDERFUL!!! I was concerned about the issue of the paper thin walls, but did not hear anyone and the hotel was full on the nights we stayed. I think the fact that most people who stay here are business people makes it a very quiet place. It was quieter than Mandalay. The spa services are through the Stirling Club, a private club for residence of the Turnberry. Use it!!!! It is just as nice as the spa at Mandalay, less crowded and I had the best massage of my life from Noel!!!! The cost $60 for a 50 minute massage and $10 of that was a tip - I did add on to the tip though, because it just did not seem right. They drive you and pick you up in the hotel town car. All in all a great stay.	
May 2 2005	Excellent! Excellent! Excellent!	I'll be honest... my husband and I are extremely fussy. We like staying places that are upscale and fairly new. The Renaissance fit the bill!We took a shuttle from the airport for $5.50 per person and we were the first stop. We arrived at 11:00 AM and checked in early with no issues. The front desk staff were great! The chocolate olives were tasty! The room was clean and very trendy. The bathroom was plenty big! The plasma TV was cool and the bed was ultra plush! There was a CLEAN separate tub and CLEAN glass shower. There was Bath &amp; Body Works shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, lotion, face soap, and body soap for our bathing pleasure. The in-room coffee was Starbucks. We ordered room service and the food was great! The coffee shop serves Starbuck's coffee and their cinnamon rolls are to die for!The monorail was convenient. We thought it was more convenient than staying on the strip because we were so close to the monorail station. We bought the unlimited 24-hour pass each day. We loved it and will definitely be back!	
Apr 7 2005	Loved it!	Our stay was great! The room was clean and comfortable and the bathroom was very nice. It had a see through shower and seperate tub. Our room was stocked with lots of extra towels, and the bed was very comfy. The gym was great, and always stocked full of free water, fruit and juices. Room service was wonderful and open 24 hours. Although its a little off the strip, its right next to the Hilton witch has lots of Casinos and a great sports bar and the monorail will take you to the strip much cheaper than a taxi and very convienient. There are no casinos and it was nice to get away from that a little. They have a fresh Starbucks coffee stand in the lobby and the pool area is nice and clean. Overall we enjoyed our stay here tremendously.	
Mar 11 2005 	Nice Clean Modern Business Hotel	stayed for 2 days last month, this place is nice. I'm a Marriott regular, and this is one of the nicest hotels for business they have. No CasinoPLUS SIDE--Free Hish Speed Internet, Plasma/LCD Screen TV in Room, large bathroom, Marriot bedding, nice!! modern design in room, nice fixtures, tiles etc, very clean look to the place.Staff was very nice, ENVY Restaurant was a nice suprise, had a fantastic meal there, great wine selection, nice coffee bar, it's right next to the LV convention center if you are attending an event this would be the place to stay.NEG SIDE - - can't think of much, just that it's a little hard to get your car in here when it's busy.I will be back	
Mar 11 2005 	Great Hotel - But...	We just returned from a stay at this hotel and have mixed feelings regarding our stay.The hotel is nicely decorated and the room is extremely comfortable. The room is a nice size, great bathroom, bed is extremely comfortable and the flat screen TV is a nice touch.We did not eat in the restaurant but the room service was superb.The hotel staff was very courteous and friendly.Parking was plentiful and convenient.My only complaint was the paper thin walls. For an upscale hotel I am suprised that they skimped on the construction. Our first night there was spent listening to the conversatiob in the next room. It was not an overly loud discussion but we heard every word. Luckily our neighbours checked out the next day and no one else moved in.We loved the hotel and were very happy with our stay, however we might not get so lucky on our next stay and the thought of having to listen to the room next door would give me second thoughts about staying here again	
Feb 28 2005	More Convenient Than It Might Appear	I had a great experience here. Above all, every staff person I dealt with (doormen, registration, room service, housekeeping, etc.) was competent and very willing to help.The room was not huge, but I felt there was plenty of space...although I was travelling alone. The design of the public spaces did seem more tasteful than the rooms (which were a bit much on the whimsical side for my taste. I'd prefer a classic, modern look). The food was great. Dined once at Envy (for lunch) and once via room service. I only stayed one night, so I didn't deal with any of the multiple night issues the previous poster spoke of.The best part of this hotel is it's proximity to the monorail. It's practically in their parking lot (both the Convention Center and the monorail are a stone's throw away). For $3, I was eating lunch at the MGM Grand in no more than 15 minutes. At this point, the traffic is so bad in Vegas (and the taxi cab lines SO LONG), this is the best transportation deal in town.I know the hotel is new, but if they can maintain the facilities and level of service, I'd be happy to return.	
Feb 21 2005	Very Disappointed...	I feel odd writing a bad review about this hotel, when everyone else seem to had a great experience. I am a Marriott regular. I travel using Marriott and Renaissance everywhere. This is my first hotel I have ever left thinking we will never come back again. The room we were assigned to was very small to accommodate the comfortable King size bed. They forgot to clean our room. They never got us fresh mugs for coffee. No newspaper was delivered. Only one bath robe in the room when they knew they had two guests. The flat screen TV is nice for decor, but it was set to MONO sound without any HD signal so you won't get a real flat screen experience. They mention that they have a gift shop called Amore which is not gift shop at all its a coffee shop. They have this little spot where they only sell listerine and aspirin. The wall between your room and your neighbour is very thin, you will be listening to every word your neighbour has to say to their kids at 2 am. Overall I would not recommend this hotel unless you are there for business alone to attend a convention. If you are looking for Vegas experience, you can find better service, bigger comfortable room with more convenience to see shows and have fun at the casino.	
Feb 19 2005	New Kid in Town	The hotel is very nice.Envy restaurant is a real up beat place with a trendy feel to it I had lunch &amp; dinner their &amp; both meals was great.The staff is good &amp; the food is what makes this place but i will say I expected a more creative menu but the off menu specials is what makes dinner very special.Thay have to put the banana bread pudding on the menu	
Feb 16 2005	Las Vegas Gem	Stayed at Renaissance in Las Vegas on Paradise Road from 2/10-14 and was extremely pleased. I am a Marriott Rewards member so stay was free, but I would have gladly paid for the stay. Upon arriving, I was greeted by the friendly doorman and check-in was efficient. The room was nicely done with a very comfortable (actual) King bed. Of note: many Marriott's seem to have 2 double beds that are bound together to form a king bed and they are not very comfortable.Nice flat screen TV, bathroom spacious with separate tub (though this could be a bit larger, though I assume they get more business traveller's). I did not eat at Envy, so can't comment on restaurant but I did hear from locals that it was quite good. The location near monorail was a big plus, getting up and down Strip for $6 round-trip beats a taxi. Also, another plug for the monorail: clean, well-lit and with a sherrif at each station for security.All-in-all I would highly recommend the Renasissance for a less hectic alternative to the madness (though fun) of the Strip.	
Feb 7 2005	Great stay at the Renaissance!	Stayed here the last weekend in January, and everything was excellent. Beautiful decor, comfy beds, friendly staff, and a location adjacent to the convention center and monorail. I would highly recommend this hotel to any business traveler or anyone who doesn't want to have to walk a quarter-mile through a smoke-filled casino to find their room. (I've also stayed at the Renaissances in Hollywood and New Orleans, and those are superb as well.)If you do have the urge to gamble, though, jump on the monorail, don't go to the nearby Hilton!	
Feb 4 2005	Far (not) from the maddening crowds and glad of it!	I have been to Vegas many, many times, and stayed at some of the best hotels in the area: Mandalay Bay, the Venetian. This hotel is not as luxurious, but it has its own very unique and special appeal. No casino, which means no smoke-filled hallways. Easy to get into the check-in desk and easy to find your room. The rooms are not large, certainly not when contrasted with the luxurious sweeping rooms in the Venetian. But they are clean, stylish and designed with the business traveler in mind. A generous desk with high speed connection, a TV you can watch easily while working at your laptop, and amazing views of the strip. Add to all this, one of the best steakhouses I have had the pleasure to dine at: Envy. The restaurant is extraordinary, and what a bonus to have it just downstairs. The monorial to downtown is across the street, and you are minutes from the casino action.One downside and strangely designed feature. The small pool is in a courtyard that is basically in the shade the entire day. Makes no sense. A spa would have made this even more desirable. But all in all...if you are in Vegas on business, you can hardly do much better.	
Jan 29 2005	Envy - A Steakhouse at Renaissance Hotel	uAs a local in Las Vegas, it's a real treat to sample the amazing restaurant scene, and so many fine tables are appearing all over the city. Envy is a welcome addition. I understand that the executive chef is Richard Chamberlain from Dallas (trained at the Mansion on Turtle Creek, exec chef for the Little Nell in Aspen). The prime steaks at Envy are dry-aged and have incredible flavor. There is a 20oz tuscan veal chop, and several cuts of Kobe beef (actually raised domestically in Nebraska, we were told). Char rather than Salmon, delicious bread, corn creamed from the cob and blended with bourbon, crimini mushrooms in port wine, valhrona chocolate s'mores... an innovative, delicious menu. The creative wine list includes well-priced Oregon Pinot Noirs as well as trophy Bordeaux, Napa Cabs and even Hardy Perfection cognac, should you hit the jackpot. The knowledgeable sommelier previously managed an award-winning list at an MGM restaurant. Friendly staff. The effort to target a business-class clientele is well done here. It should be easier to get a table here than at Casino steak-houses -- until word gets out, that is! Easy access at the Renaissance on Paradise rd, and across the parking lot from the Nextel Monorail Station at the Las Vegas Convention Center, which connects you to the rest of the Strip.	
Jan 11 2005	A classy jewel - and quiet too!		
Jan 11 2005	New Renaissance is Beautiful!		
Jan 10 2005 	Finest Hotel in Vegas		
Jan 10 2005 	Awesome Renaissance		
Jan 10 2005	Great location for New Rennaissance		
Jan 8 2005	Eclectic Elegance		
Jan 8 2005	New Las Vegas Renaissance is wonderful!		
Jan 4 2005	From a Vegas First Timer - I Loved the Renaissance		
Dec 31 2004	Convention Heaven in Las Vegas!		
Dec 30 2004	First person to stay in my room!		
Jun 24 2009 	recomendable		
Jan 8 2009 	LVCC?????????		
Oct 29 2008 	Superbe hôtel très calme		
