Oct 7 2007 	Nice Clean hotel	Nice clean property. Friendly staff. The room was comfortable.It is in an area that is a bit run down, but it appears that the city is trying to improve that. It is near many museums and the Cashman center. If you are wanting to be in the down town area there is a city bus stop nearby, or you can walk but it is a bit of a walk.They have a complimentary continental breakfast and a small lounge with gaming on site.	
May 16 2007 	Had a great time	We recently stayed at the Best Western Parkview Inn in Las Vegas, Nevada.The hotel rooms have recently been completly renovated.In my opinion, the beautiful clean rooms and great service match any Strip Hotels accomodations at a fraction of the price you have to pay for rooms on the strip. This is a very clean and well maintained Hotel with great customer service.We will definetly stay with them again.Ron VanlandinghamLa Habra, California	
Mar 4 2007	Scary If By Yourself	Make no mistake about it - this is an off-the-strip motel where you look over your shoulder to ensure your safety.The accommodations are cramped, so if you're used to rooms with lots of space, it's not here. Small flying bugs like the place. I smashed a few on the wall. Room service cleaned it up the next day.There isn't sufficient lighting around the outside room doors at night, so watch yourself if traveling alone.I brought my laptop to work in the room because one of the amenties is supposed to be free, wireless Internet access. It didn't work in my room. I had to cart my laptop over to the hotel's main lobby and work on a table there. Not convenient at all.The main picture of this facility is deceiving. It's a seedy place in a seedy area. Watch yourself.	
Dec 16 2006 	It's not bad at all. Nice breakfast	I stayed at this hotel from Dec 9 to Dec 10 2006.The hotel is located at a rough neighbourhood. I didn't like the neighbourhood at all. But it's very close to the strip and fremonte street.The hotel was nice itself. The room was small, but clean.The manager was nice and helpful.The breakfast was much better than what I expencted for the room price (I paid $45 for saturday night+$4 tax)The free wireless internet was very convenient.	
Apr 11 2006 	Stay Away	The place was fairly clean, but........ It's not in the best part of town, the room was very small, the bed was hard as a rock, the window blinds &amp; curtains were not enough to keep out the outside lights. They don't open their continental breakfast until 7 am. On the up side, the TV offered 42 channels including HBO. I wouldn't stay there again.	
Mar 22 2009 	propre et sympa		
