	This hotel deserves praise	I was unaware that my watch was on 4:00 pm EST and checked-in prematurely. It was therefore only 1:00 p.m. I think it was the manager who was behind the front desk who took me in without complaint or a whimper. There is nothing fancy about this B&amp;B but it is clean and comfortable. I did not have much interaction with the staff but I did not find any rudeness in them. The unlimited free breakfast was excellent. Much better when I last stayed at a La Quinta in L.A. I will definitely come back if I get a nice deal again.	
Nov 13 2009 	Nice hotel not too close to the Strip	Room was clean and very quiet, even know it was close to a Main road. Upper rooms would get a nice view of the neon lights of the Vegas casinos. Two big queen beds, very soft and comfortable. When we couldn't get the tv going, maintence man came promptly and was very pleasant. Breakfast had a big variety of hot and cold items – eggs, sausage patties, biscuits &amp; sausage gravy, toast, bagels, cereal, muffins &amp; pastries, coffee/juice. Staff were polite and seemed helpful. We were very.happy with our stay there, especially after a long sleepless flight, it was lovely to relax in such a comfortable room. My only little complaint was there was no complimentary bottle of shampoo/conditioner, only body wash &amp; body lotion. No restaurants within walking distance.	
Oct 27 2009 	Pretty Decent	This hotel has a surprisingly good view of the strip if you are on the right side of the hall! The room was pretty clean, the staff was pretty nice, and the hotel seemed to always be packed with cars at night, which I find comforting knowing that I'm not the only one there. However, the security probably needs to be improved a little. About 2-4 times a day, there would be a pizza flier slid under my door (probably from some kid the pizza business hired to improve sales).. And on the door, going in the side of the hotel, it clearly states &quot;no soliciting&quot; ... So either the hotel doesn't care that these people are just coming in and soliciting, or they are really oblivious to who are their guests and who are not... (I would never buy pizza from a company that does this by the way)They have a shuttle that goes to Mandalay Bay and MGM which is good. I did not use that service, since it only goes till 12AM... Which is odd, since most people in Vegas stay out till way past then, I'd assume..The bad part of the hotel is that there was NO fridge....... I hate that. I mean, you're in a desert and they have no fridge... like wtf? I paid like $80 plus $10 or $12 or so for taxes each night... I think that's probably just about the right price, although it'd be better if it was lower : )It's a good place to stay at if you're in Vegas for more than a few days, because it gives you a chance to get away from the rustle and bustle and hustle of the casinos.	
Sep 5 2009 	clean and new	Found the hotel to be worth the £160 for 3 nights. Decent free breakfast, shuttle service to the strip was excellent too. Rooms were clean and the facilties were fine. The pool area was also well maintained apart from the plunge pool being out of order. If your on a short trip to LV and looking for a clean affordable hotel then i would go for this place. No complaints what so ever. P.s try the bar at the top of &quot;the hotel&quot; for a great view of the strip. The shuttle drops you off there. Fab!	
Sep 3 2009 	Fantastic Service	Having driven from the Grand Canyon where we stayed at the Holiday Inn Express, we were delighted with the service at this one which was so different from the nights before. No criticisms at all. Really good time and a fantastic selection of in room dining too which was great with small children.	
Aug 31 2009 	Just Average	We were in Las Vegas for only one night before flying home after a two week vacation in Utah, and chose this hotel over one of the large hotels so we could be close to our vehicle in the parking lot for &quot;repacking purposes&quot; because we had a lot of luggage. Their complimentary shuttle goes to Mandalay Bay (south on the strip) and the MGM Grand (middle of the strip), so when we found ourselves at the Bellagio (north on the strip) at the end of the evening, we opted to take a taxi back to the hotel. It cost about $11 but was worth it after all the walking we'd done. Our bathroom could have been cleaner, and I forgot to ask for a room on the top floor so we had to listen to people stomp around above us. The breakfast buffet was typical Holiday Inn Express but the young woman tending to it was awesome. It was ten minutes until it ended and she was still bringing out fresh hot food, restocking everything, and cleaning the tables. She made my day.	
May 28 2009	Clean quiet and affordable	Loved the free shuttle to the Strip. Nice, big breakfast every day. Quiet pool. Little bit of problem with reservation number we were given but this was solved the next day and no more problems. Rooms were big and clean. Would have liked to have an airport shuttle from the airport and extended hours for the airport shuttle to the airport as we ended up needing to get taxis both ways. Overall a good experience.	
May 12 2009 	Fabulous!	A very clean hotel, with friendly staff. Free internet access was brilliant, and we were grateful of the shuttle. Breakfast typical, but plenty of choice and ample to eat! Swimming pool was brilliant, we were often the only ones in it! Room excellent, we had a room overlooking the airport, no notable noise from this, in fact we enjoyed sitting on the end of the bed watching the planes take off!I'm glad we didn't stay on the strip, it was nice to get away from the hussle and bustle. Would definitely stay here again, oh and the price was extremely reasonable.	
May 6 2009 	Top Notch	The hotel, service, and most of all everybody is smiling.Just gets you feel welcome and comfortable.	
Feb 25 2009 	Great Location Clean Reasonable Price	An absolute pleasure. I'm so glad I didn't stay on the strip (I've heard and read horror stories). The staff was friendly and helpful (check-in was quick). The room and bathroom was clean and appropriately sized for the price. I was on the 3rd floor facing the strip, so the view was amazing.I appreciated the free parking, free internet, and free breakfast. The place was easy to find and there was plenty of parking available right in front of the hotel. Not only did I have free internet in my room, but they had a free printer in the lobby. I've had minor issues with HIE in other cities, but this one was great and I have zero complaints.	
Jan 26 2009 	Excellent for the money	I was very pleased with my stay at the Holiday Inn Express. The staff was pleasant and helpful, the rooms were relatively spotless and the continental breakfast was above average. The location off the strip was great, especially since it was only a 10 minute shuttle ride away. It was also convenient that they had an airport shuttle. I would positively recommend this hotel for your next Las Vegas visit.	
Jan 24 2009 	Want to go Off Strip? This is the place to stay.	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Express for 5 nights including Christmas Day. The location, whilst off the strip was merely a 10 minute free shuttle journey to the Mandalay Bay or MGM Grand Hotel on the strip. It is very conveniently located for the airport and Eagle Riders, if you are into hiring motorcycles. The staff was very helpful and friendly, the room was clean and reasonably spacious. The bathroom was well equipped with a decent hairdryer, the only minor thing was that the bath was very shallow not good for wallowing in!Breakfast was a rolling program hot/cold buffet, perfectly adequate without being excessive, carry out bags were available for early starts or mid-morning snacks.We were very impressed with the level of customer service, we were waiting for the shuttle one very cold evening at the MGM Grand when it became apparent that it was never going to appear. One quick phone call to the Hotel Receptionist and we were in a taxi that they paid for (including the tip).	
Sep 2 2008	Clean Comfortable and A//C too!	After a bad experience at a striip hotel ( no A/C ), we checked out of that hotel, and into the Holiday Inn, (we visited out friends the next day at the Westin, and they still had no A/C in the lobby, the restaurants, casino and lounge. We never noticed any airplane noise, but we always carry several pair of earplugs, anyway. We rested so well after the HOT room at the Westin. (the Westin employees said that it had been hot for about three days prior to our arrival, also) We had a lovely stay at the Holiday Inn and would now consider staying there next time.	
Aug 28 2008	Another good example of this chain	We chose this hotel for its close location to the airport and car rental depot. We were going to start touring the next day and just wanted a convenient hotel where we could park easily outside. At the time of booking, we could have got a Strip hotel for fewer $, but who wants to park half a mile away from your room for just a one night stay?The king size bed was divinely comfortable and very clean. We made full use of the free internet access, as, having flown from the UK with an 8 hour time difference, we were up a few hours before breakfast was served at 6 am!The breakfast itself was good with all the usual fare of bagels, cereals, muffins etc plus some hot items.If you are travelling from the UK a word of caution if you are taking SatNav with you and hiring a car. It took a long time for our new TomTom to kick in (next day in fact) and so I was glad I had printed out instructions of how to get to the hotel.The next week when we returned to Las Vegas we were confronted by the traffic horrors afforded by the Strip area, but thankfully, this hotel saved us from that on our first night. We got exactly what we wanted.	
Aug 24 2008 	Spot On	Found this hotel to be just what we had hoped for. Speedy check in, pleasant staff, nice room, clean hotel, good pool and hot tub (virtually had it to ourselves). Breakfast was good, Freshly baked cookies at 16:00 hrs. Shuttle service was always on time, every 30 mins to Mandalay Bay and every hour to MGM. The only problem with this service is at night when the shuttle may have to make more than one journey due to numbers so expect to have to wait sometimes. If you don't have a car as we didn't then you have to go to the strip to eat as there is nothing close. There is a gas station near which sells drinks and snacks though. There was some plane noise but it never bothered us. Would recommend this hotel if you want to be away from the strip.	
Aug 6 2008 	Rude Employees Horrible Customer Service!	On the day of my arrival I called to request an early check in for my 2 rooms, I was told I could check in @ 10:30 am! I was really happy and didn't expect such an early check in, I was thinking I would be able to check in around 1pm. We arrived at 11:30 am, and got all of our luggage out of the car. The woman at the desk just stared at us, didn't even greet us or wlecomed us. We told her we were checking in, she immediately responded by saying &quot;Oh no, we don't have any rooms available right now!&quot; I told her that I had called earlier that moring and was given an early check in, she did not believe me and asked who I spoke to. I told her I spoke to a man around 8:30am, she looked to her sides and said, &quot;NO, I have no rooms available right now, give me 20 minutes and I'll check you in!&quot; We sat in the lobby for 30 minutes. After waiting, we got all of our luggage out of the car and walked towards the front desk again. The man who promised me an early check was there, and we asked why did he guaranteed an early check in? His response was, &quot;Maybe, I said you would get an early check in.&quot; I asked again what time we could I check into my rooms. The man in the front desk replied, &quot;45 mintues to an hour!&quot; So then, I walked around for about 2 1/2 hours in the scorching sun, after a 5 hour drive, which wore out my 5 year old son. We went back to the hotel again and they told us the same thing, &quot;may be in an hour!&quot; At this point my entire family decided to change our reservations to another hotel which was much more friendlier and proffesional. The sad part out of all of this is that it wasn't just us that they were rude to. We witnessed how a couple tried to check out but the man at the desk would not give them a receipt because they had checked in earlier that morning. The front desk clerk kept telling the guest that he didn't have to check out until the next morning, that there was no way he could get a receipt. But as soon as the guest that wanted to check out said I'm paying cash, the clerk said Ohh, OK let me check you out!!! What was that about? CASH ONLY?! Management needs to have a talk to the employees about their customer service skills. I mean this man was talking on his cell phone in a loud voice at the front desk! I AM NEVER GOING BACK TO THAT PLACE, NEITHER ARE MY CUSTOMERS, FAMILY AND FRIENDS!	
Jul 25 2008 	I would stay here again!	We (i.e. 2 adults and 2 teenagers from UK) wanted to stay somewhere that wasn't totally focussed on gambling and we achieved it with this HI Express. Stayed here 4 nights, and really pleased we didn't stay on the Strip. It was really convenient though because a complimentary shuttle bus runs every 30mins to the nearby Mandalay Bay, and hourly to the MGM Grand Hotel, delivering you to the heart of the action. But the noise of the Casinos can drain your energy if you're not into gambling or if you're with kids, so it is really great to stay off the Strip as I said. We had a 2 Queen bed-suite with sofa bed, and the sofa bed was all rusted and the springs were broken. Room 324. We told reception and they sent up a roll-away bed, but this was all broken too and actually held together by a polythene bag. Anyway, the next day the staff moved us to a room with a safe and functioning sofa bed (room 218 for info), and from then on we had no problems at all. The breakfast was standard HI Express fare, and coffee was available most of the day in the lobby. Laundry facilities (powder was provided for us), ice, vending for cokes, etc no problem.Reception staff were fairly friendly, but everything and everyone in Vegas is larger than life, somewhat brash and loud to the point of enjoyable. Hotel pool smallish, but adequate, and a welcome cool-off in the heat. It was always quiet round the pool. Overall, excellent value (and as other reviewers say, the money you save by booking here lets you spend on Cirque de Soleil, Grand Canyon etc). By the way, saw &quot;O&quot; and it was fantastic, saw Blue Man and it was good. If I visited Vegas again, (which I won't) I would stay here.	
Jul 22 2008 	Good Budget Option	Lets face it, there's so much to do in Las Vegas day and night that you need plenty of cash. This hotel was considerably cheaper than those on the strip, especially at the weekends, so saved us some cash to spend on going to see fabulous Cirque du Soleil. I've stayed on the strip before and hated having to wander through casinos in those enormous hotels just to get back to your room. The Holiday Inn Express was a good place to sleep and shower at a reasonable price, nothing fancy but clean and comfortable. We had a car so the location a few blocks behind the strip was great for getting about but far enough away to be a bit quieter. I have to agree that the soundproofing could be better as we had a rather noisy neighbour who had the TV on full blast all the time. To their credit the front desk did have a word with him but I think it fell on deaf ears. Overall it's a good option for those who want to save their cash for Las Vegas' many distractions.	
Jul 9 2008 	Excellent Stay at HI Express	What a wonderful gem in las vegas! Peaceful, easy to find, and a great staff! The hotel is situated right off of the end of the strip, about a 3 minute drive from Mandalay Bay. It is great because you are so close to the strip, but you dont have to walk for miles through a casino to find your room. The rooms were nice, standard holiday inn express rooms but always very clean and comfortable. The pool and hot tub were very nice, and the times I used the pool there were hardly any other people ever there. They had outdoor showers and private bathrooms right by the pool which was very convenient. The hotel sits near many main roadways, but I never heard a single noise from the roads. If you get a room facing the front of the hotel, you will also get a wonderful view of the strip! Quite a view at night time.The hotel does offer complimentary shuttles to Mandalay bay but they only happen every hour and stop around 11PM. There also is a free shuttle to the airport that departs every hour which was very convenient. Breakfast was standard HI express fare, and they always had delicious cookies out for guests during the day and evening. The staff was extremely helpful as well with directions and advice. The one girl even remembered my name and always said hello to us. Overall, a clean, comfortable stay without all the craziness of being on the strip. I would definitely stay here again and highly recommend it to anyone!	
May 23 2008 	Yet another positive Holiday Inn stay	As always I am very pleased with the Holiday Inn Express chain.. Met my expectations. Free breakfast, close to the strip, easy check in, nice/clean bathroom and short walk to room... The staff was also very friendly.. The only problem I had was with the hide a bed.. the linens that they gave us were WET !!! When I called in to get more linens they brought back more WET linens. So i sent those back.. On the 3rd try I finally got some sheets that were dry to put on the sofa bed.. The room was very comfy and quiet when we went to bed.. I did not notice the walls being thin at all.. (we also had the air on most of the time).. The holiday inn breakfast was great as always (altho the new omeletes kind of suck)... I love their cinnamon rolls.. The pool and hot tub were very nice as well and each time I went to them I was the only person.. (which I love!!).. The gym however was lacking. They had a treadmill, eliptical and a stepper. And a SMALL dumbell tree with dumbells only up to 10lbs.. (the holiday inns usually have a universal weight machine, but this one doesnt)... This place is a must if you rent a car as you can escape all the craziness of the strip when its time for bed..	
Apr 26 2008 	Great for families	Our family of five stayed here for three nights, this was the only hotel that I could find that was able to accomodate us all in the one room in Las Vegas. All the other hotels on the strip wanted us to book two rooms, which would have made our trip twice as expensive.The room we had was at the front of the hotel and offered a great view of the strip, it was lovely to look out at the lights at night, when we returned to the hotel. The room was very big, it had two double beds and a double bed settee. It was clean and comfortable. The kids loved the heated pool and were in it late at night and early in the morning. The breakfast was just alright.The actual strip was surprisingly close by and we did not feel that disapointed on the hotels location (to far to walk though). The hotel offered a shuttle service every half hour to the Mandalay Bar/MGM. We did not have to use our hire car and made full use of this service while we there, which was great..Only negative was on checking in, we had been on the road was seven hours and arrived quite tired in the evening. When I spoke to the receptionist to give the family name, he just replied 'I need to see your id'. I told him that my actual passport was in my suitcase and I needed to unpack it to give it to him, his abrupt reply was 'well you are not checking in until I see it'! His unwelcoming attitude and abruptness nearly made me walk away, so I had no choice but to uppack my case in the reception in front of other guests walking by . I must add that all the other receptionists were great and extremely helpful.	
Apr 21 2008 	Great Alternative to the Strip	We usually go to Las Vegas each year for a business convention and have discovered the great deals of a few years ago no longer exist so we decided not to stay on the strip and opted for the Holiday Inn Express South Las Vegas. It was a good choice, just far enough away from the frenzy that is Vegas, but close enough to get to shows/restaurants etc. The hotel proivdes a shuttle service to the Mandalay Bay Hotel (where the convention was being held) every 30 minutes, and to the MGM Grand on the hour, so both my husband and I made good use of both these services. The MGM Grand was a better destination for me as it put me closer to the monorail or the bus service, whereas, getting off at the Manadalbay still meant a good 15 minute walk to the strip or to the monorail to the Excalibar Hotel.The hotel itself is standared Holiday Inn, rooms are functional but somewhat impersonal, but the beds are FANTASTIC, most comfortable bed I think I have ever slept in and the pillows are great too. They offer an express breakfast which is ok, cereal, yoghurt, toast etc, all on throwaway plates but it is included in the room rate. I would definitely stay here again, just for the simple fact there is no casino to have to walk through to get anywhere in the hotel is a bonus for me!	
Apr 13 2008 	Not bad overall but some problems	I think this is the third time I've stayed here in three years and it has been relatively consistent, though I think it is a bit overpriced for what you get these days.The Good: hotel property and the rooms well maintained and clean. Friendly, helpful staff.The Bad: Thin walls - you can clearly hear conversations and the TV from the next door rooms. The breakfast leaves a lot to be desired. I didn't touch the hot food since it looked very unappetizing and I didn't want to risk getting sick on the plane home. The cold food was all on the cheap end of the scale. Not the worst 'free' hotel breakfast I've had, but nothing better than middle of the road - I expected more for the room price. Though the surrounding area seems relatively safe, it is mostly light-industry and, if you are not spending time on the strip, it is a bit of a drive to find a decent restaurant. The wireless internet connection was decently fast, but was out in the morning which prevented me from printing my boarding pass and completing some last minute flight preparations.Overall: I give it an average rating. More care given toward breakfast would put this hotel into the above average category.	
Apr 4 2008 	Great budget option	We split our stay in Vegas moving off strip for the expensive holiday weekend. We were pleasantly surprised with the hotel and would definitely recommend it as a budget option. The staff were really friendly and helpful. We had the hotel pool and hot tub to ourselves most days and it was lovely and peaceful after the chaos of the strip. The hotel was clean and the other services - free internet and buffet breakfast were great. The hotel also ran a shuttle to the MGM once an hour and Mandalay Bay every half hour which was really handy.	
Mar 28 2008 	Great location but near the strip and no noise!	Excellent location, off the strip but very close to Mandalay Bay. Hotel offers a shuttle that runs to Mandalay Bay and MGM every 1/2 hour. Breakfast buffet ok but reasonable as it was free. Nowhere close to buy convenience items except the gas station next to the hotel. Swimming pool clean and fairly uncrowded. Housekeeping was good.Would stay again.	
Mar 25 2008 	comfy beds great service thin walls	We stayed here 3 nights in March. We were originally booked for just one night to be close to the airport (we had been hiking in Utah), but our flight was cancelled due to weather. The staff immediately rebooked us for the next 2 nights, at a rate cheaper than we had paid for our first night. I was very relieved. Overall, the service was great. Friendly front desk people and the breakfast bar was kept well stocked for the huge crowd that was staying here over the holiday weekend. The beds are very comfortable. My only complaint, and I see that others have noted this, is that you can hear your neighbors through the walls. This is my hotel pet peeve, so I am not sure if we would stay here again. Also, the return shuttle from Mandalay Bay is not reliable. You need to call the front desk to confirm that a shuttle will come by. We waited for an hour, and finally walked home (short walk, so not a big deal). Otherwise, this a good place to stay if you want to be near the airport, off the strip, and have a comfortable bed to sleep in.	
Mar 24 2008 	Best stay on our trip	March 20-22, 2008After traveling around for 10 days, we arrived at the HI Express. We were pleasantly surprised at how easily we found the hotel and were even more pleased with our room. We were greeted quickly and checked in right away. Our room was clean and very comfortable. The beds were very comfortable and after driving from the Grand Canyon, they were very welcome. We were far enough off the road to have a quiet room but close enough that if you wanted to, walk to the Strip. (several blocks away), but why, when there is a convenient shuttle to take you to the MGM or the Mandalay Bay Hotels.Breakfast was a bit above average and filling. It was busy, so we kept having to ask when the muffins or juice were going to be refilled. There was a bit of a wait, since they had only 1 person staffing the breakfast. It was good and filling, a lot of variety.My only complaint is that there was trouble with the internet, which did get corrected and the front desk offered to print out our boarding passes if we needed.The AC in the room was a bit loud, but was efficient, if my son didn't keep messing with it.	
Mar 16 2008 	Great place for Race fans	My sister and i were in town for the Nascar (really) and chose the Holiday Inn for our 3 night stay largely due to the reasonable price. Having spent the first part of our stay at the MGM we were not bothered about being off-strip as most of our time would be spent at the racetrack.We checked in mid afternoon and although we did not have to wait in line, the phones rang non-stop so it did take a while to get checked in. To complicate matters our stay was split over two bookings, however the check in agent did a great job to keep us in the same room for the duration of our stay. This was much appreciated and only required us to get our key cards reactivated next morning.Our room was on a non smoking floor and was a good size with plenty of counter space and featured a TV and coffee maker. The beds were very comfortable and came with a selection of firm and soft pillows. The bathroom was also a good size with a hairdryer and had plenty of space for two girls worth of toiletries! The Holiday Inn's free breakfast did not disappoint and contained a varied selection of cereals, bagels, muffins, cinnamon rolls, yoghurts, eggs, bacon as well as juices and tea and coffee. It did seem to take a while for items to be replenished though when they ran out. There were staff around so i'm not sure what the cause of the delay was.As i mentioned this hotel is not located on the strip and is a good 10-15 minute walk to the Mandalay Bay Convention Centre on the strip. This is when the free shuttle comes in to its own. Running twice an hour to the Convention centre at the southern end of the strip and hourly to the MGM Grand this gives easy strip access for all. We found the shuttle drivers to be friendly and accommodating of everyones needs (especially the guy who dropped us right at the bus stop on the strip at 7am on Sunday morning to catch the bus to the track!). The complimentary return shuttle ride to the airport leaves one less thing to worry about.The Holiday Inn also has an outdoor pool, guest laundry and the free internet access in the lobby enabled us to get checked in for our flight home on our last day.Overall we enjoyed our stay and the Holiday Inn and the hotel more than served its purpose. I would primarily recommend this hotel for those on a budget and/or those with their own transport. The shuttle is good, dont get me wrong, but for first timers nothing quite beats direct access from hotel to strip.	
Mar 14 2008	Great Hotel says 4 Aussies!	My husband and I and another couple stayed here for 4 nights in a shared room with 2 queen size beds. The 4 of us were all of the same opinion-great hotel, friendly staff, location was great away from the strip, no problem with catching shuttle. Shared a taxi back in the wee hours so cheap between 4 of us. I had some queries before booking this hotel and emailed them direct. They were very prompt at replying and information regarding buses, weather, restaurants etc. also helpful when we hadn't visited Vegas before. Staff very friendly and helpful during stay. Returning to Vegas in September 2008 with my husband + 80 year old mother + sister and will certainly stay here again.	
Feb 25 2008 	Wished We Had Stayed Elsewhere	Overall, dissatisfied. Although we had read other users' comments about the paper-thin walls, we found this aspect particularly annoying. Never stayed in a hotel where the sound from adjoining rooms were so loud.There wasn't a comfortable chair in the room to sit in.Told by front desk (who were very friendly) to go to a neighboring hotel to use their computer because the printer at this hotel was broke.The breakfast sausage patties were smothered in grease; the eggs were cold.Only 1 of 2 elevators was working.Shame on Holiday Inn!	
Feb 16 2008 	Aussie girls say ..excellent	Although this hotel is off the strip it is excellent value. We stayed 4 days in Jan 08....the money we saved we used for a 1st class helicopter flight into the Grand Canyon. Staff were very helpful, rooms were great, beds very comfy, linen &amp; towels were 1st class. Breakfast was included (continental) and plenty for us. Shuttle bus to the strip every half hour. Getting back not as reliable by shuttle but it's cheap &amp; easy to catch a cab back. We were very impressed &amp; would stay there again without hesitation.	
Jan 15 2008 	Good hotel	Stayed here for 4 nights at the end of our vacation.We stayed at the Bellagio for the first 3 nights,but preferred our stay here.A good breakfast without having to queue or pay extra for! No lengthy walk through a smoky casino! Comfy beds and pillows, helpful friendly staff.Although we had a car we used the excellent shuttle services to Mandalay Bay and found the restaurants there very good-cheaper than the Bellagio and no queues even at Thanksgiving!	
Jan 4 2008 	Love this hotel	We stayed in this hotel from 23rd Dec to 27 Dec 2007. It is a friendly, clean, cosy hotel for a family of three (2 adults and a 9-year old boy). The bed and blanket are very comfortable and clean. The room is spacious. The carpark is convenient. Their breakfast contains a varity of choice and most important yummy and free. The self laundry service is cheap and convenient. It is located on the 2nd floor of the hotel. Staff there are friendly and helpful. Though it is off from the Strip, the service of their shuttle buses are frequent. We did not find any problem to find easy and free parking in the Strip area, therefore did not worry about the transportation from Strip. Actually, we enjoyed the quiet and residential feeling of the neighbourhood than Strip area. The gasoline station is near and it is convenient for us to go any scenic and shopping areas, like the Red Rock Canyon, Lake Mead, Hoover Dam, Blouder City (There is a cafe/pub called Pizza ?? in Blouder City where the pizza and pasta are very delicious and yummy) , Premium Outlet, etc etc. The only complaint is that the wall of the rooms are a bit thin and the sewage of the bathtub did not work very well in our room, however acceptable. I will definitely go back to this hotel if I go to Las Vegas next time.	
Dec 18 2007 	Loved It!!!	My Husband and I, stayed at this location for 1 week the first week of December. We absoutley loved it here! It was our 5th trip to Vegas in 3 years and we have stayed at the Excalibur and MGM Grand previously. However we were very happy with this hotel. It is locoated about half a mile from the strip. They do offer free shuttle at the top and bottom of every hour to and from Mandalay Bay and MGM Grand. They also offer a free shuttle to the airport for departure only. The hotel room was large and very clean. Two large queen beds, which were very very nice. The was a large dresser and a desk and sofa area. The room also had a coffee maker, microwave and mini fridge. The washroom was very clean and pretty big as well. We were on the third floor and asked for a &quot;strip&quot; view at check in and were upgraded for free to a room which faced the strip. It was pretty nice!The hotel does offer free breakfast every day which included, waffles, cereal, oatmeal, toast, yogurt, etc. There is no restaurant in this hotel, but there is a gas station next door where you can purchase snacks, etc. and the prices are pretty cheap. overall we loved this hotel. It was very quiet, non gaming hotel. The staff was very friendly and always smiled and said hello. We would diffently stay here again.	
Nov 10 2007 	More than meets expectations	If you just want a nice, quiet, non-casino place to stay in Vegas, then this place IS IT. We have stayed on other occasions at on strip, off strip and non gaming hotels and this one comes up tops (previous stays at the Golden Nugget, MGM Grand, Aladin, Courtyard, Candlewood Suites). Parking area was brightly lit The front desk staff was friendly and professional. Check-in/out was a breeze. The hotel lobby area was brightly lit. The room was large and functional. Both the room and bathroom were EXTREMELY clean. The bed and bedspreads were great. Very good mattress which was of medium hardness/softness depending on how you look at it. A big plus is the HIE touch to offer 2 of each kind of pillow (both firm and soft). The front desk mentioned that they are planning to upgrade their 27&quot; TVs to flat panels soon so do feel free to check with them if that is something important to you (wasn't a big deal to me since the TV worked very well). A reviewer earlier mentioned aircraft noise at this hotel. We didn't experience this at all. I really doubt that we would have missed the aircraft noise if they were &quot;booming&quot; overhead (try Hilton LAX for that one!). The free wireless is always great !	
Nov 2 2007 	Good place to stay off the strip	We were catching a flight out of Las Vegas, so we stayed here one night. We're not gamblers, we went to the National Parks in Utah. It was a nice enough place to stay in Las Vegas. The bed was very comfortable, and we turned the fan on in the heating/ac unit so any noise didn't bother us at all. Clean, comfortable, good accommodation, good breakfast.	
Oct 28 2007 	good hotel rude guests	We stopped here for one night on our way out of Vegas. We had come from the MGM Signature so expected the HIE to be a low quality. Surprisingly, the hotel was very pleasant, with a large, clean and comfortable room, and typical HIE facilities. The guy at the front desk was polite and helpful. Unfortunately, the hotel was hosting a group of K-9 Police officiers who were on a training exercise. We got to see rather more of them than we would have liked as they were spending the afternoon next to the pool just like we were. They dominated the entire pool/hot tub area and were thoroughly obnoxious - swearing, drinking whisky from brown paper bags, shouting, fighting, and spilling alcohol in the pool. It's amazing that police officers could behave so appallingly. Although not a direct reflection on the quality of the hotel, it's a shame the staff didn't tone down their behaviour. However, what would they have done - call the police?!We'd stay here again - but would check they weren't hosting any cops first!	
Sep 1 2007 	Nice hotel	Good quality hotel. Superior beds and good breakfast. Excellent choice for those wanting a casino free hotel. One small improvement would be the inclusion of an airport shuttle pick up given the pricing position of the rooms.	
Aug 30 2007 	plane spotters dream	We found this hotel to be far noisier than staying on the strip! we stayed one night prior to flight back home and so wanted a quiet night. Planes were taking off almost overhead every 30 seconds or so till late at night and from early in the morning. Apart from the plane noise the air conditioning unit was very noisy and the walls are very thin.good points-rooms clean and tidy,pool ok and free breakfast buffet.There is a useful shuttle bus every half hour to and from the Mandalay Bay Hotel but too far from the strip if you want the &quot;vegas experience&quot;The hotel is in the middle of a developing business park close to the I15 on the other side of the strip. as for value for money can't complain at $70 per night but if wanting to get the best out of your stay pay more and stay on the strip	
Aug 29 2007 	So near yet so Far...	Just returned from a fly drive to USA with my husband and 9 year old daughter- stayed in the Holiday Inn Express South Las Vegas for 3 nights. In my opinion it was absolutely perfect for our requirements. We had an executive twin Queen room which was much larger than average complete with microwave and full size fridge. The beds were so comfortable, although the air con unit was noisey. Location wise, it was just a five minute drive to the strip, where free parking is available at every hotel and also only ten minutes drive from the airport. It was great to be so near to the strip, but I was glad that we chose not to stay at the hotels there as they were loud, noisey and brash, just as you would imagen for a town called 'Sin City'. Breakfast was great with a good choice of cereals, yoghurt, friut, muffins, dainish pastries etc. Also it had a computer &amp; printer in reception area to enable you to look up stuff on-line or check your email. Pool was great with towels available, usually had it to ourselves. All in all I would definately stay in this hotel again, especially it you are travelling with kids.	
Aug 23 2007 	Just right!	This was the perfect Vegas hotel for us. With 2 children, aged 10 and 13 we did not want the full on, non-stop casino invasion of the main hotels on the Strip. The Holiday Inn Express was easily accessible, but yet away from the hustle and bustle. When we went into the pool we had it to ourselves! Not a slot machine in sight. The room was clean, comfortable and spacious, plenty of room for the 4 of us. We got the free shuttle to the Strip a couple of times but soon realised it was just as easy to drive to one of the hotel car parks on the Strip. The complimentary buffet style breakfast was great each morning with plenty of choice. We would definitely visit this hotel again.	
Aug 22 2007 	Great Place off of the Strip	We recently stayed at this Hotel two separate times in a 10 day span. We were taking a motorcycle trip to California and the Grand Canyon and stayed here at the beginning of the trip and for two nights when our trip was competed. We were very impressed with the cleanliness of this Hotel. It had a great pool that was opened to midnight which was great as we returned from our bike ride later in the evening and this was a great way to cool off. Our room was very nice, we had a King sized bed, a table with a chair and another chair in the corner. Bathroom was a nice size as well. Would be nice if all rooms had fridges but you could obtain one on a first come first served basis for $10 per day. We didn't bother as we put ice in the sink to cool our drinks. Breakfast was very good, had lots to choose from and had a very nice area to sit in. The fireplace in the middle of the room was a great touch. We left our suitcases with management while away and they stored them for us, away from where others could get into them. This was very nice of them. The shuttle was nice to have and goes to the Mandalay Bay every half hour. We felt this could be made better if you were allowed to call for a shuttle when done on the strip as sometimes we had to wait more than a half hour for our return shuttle. We would defenitely stay here again and I think that once they expand the strip that way, which they look like they are doing right now, this will be a prime place to stay.	
Aug 15 2007 	Well managed	A very warm welcome after a long trip from the UK. We were greeted with a smile and a choice of rooms. Everything was done to make us comfortable. The Air Conditioning was a little noisy but it had to work hard whilst we were there. Breakfasts were the usual motel style and of good quality. A maid was always on hand to replenish and tidy up. It was significant that the manager was frequently visible. This was unusual at other motels on this trip but she kept an eye on things and chased her front line staff when appropriate. This motel might not be on the strip but there is a free shuttle provided twice an hour and, there is also a free shuttle to the airport and/or the car hire centre, to meet travellers' demands.We would not hesitate to use this hotel again.	
Aug 11 2007 	Great location	Our family stayed at this Hotel not having been to Las Vegas previously. The Hotel is 4 minutes from Mandalay Bay and is reached via the free shuttle running every 30 minutes until midnight. A taxi fare is approximately 8 USD.The staff at the Hotel were amongst the best I have ever experienced in both attitude and service. Particulary Brian and Brett on the front desk and the two regular drivers another Brian and Pierre.The free breakfast was basic but sufficent and free tea and coffee all day. There are additional vending machines for drinks and snacks. Note there is no restaurant at the Hotel but you can easily order food in. The pool is not special but very nice and is often empty and feels like your own pool, plenty of clean towels provided.On the strip if you need transport take the Deuce bus but if you are in a hurry you better just walk as it was so slow. Recommend you visit the half price ticket booths for shows saving a fortune. Sky diving was fantastic with Sin city and worth the money as is the Dolphin habitat at the Mirage.Would definately recommend the Hotel and is close to the strip for the action but also far enough away for a rest. When we go back we will stay at this Hotel which is child friendly.	
Aug 10 2007 	Excellent!!	This hotel proved to be the perfect stop over hotel for us in Vegas before we started our tour of Utah and Arizona. The rooms were spotlessly clean and extremely spacious. The beds and pillows, in particular, were very comfortable after our long haul flight from the UK. The breakfast was more than adequate with a good selection of cereals, bagels, pastries, etc. The staff were very helpful and friendly. We did not use the pool so I cannot comment. We would definately stay here again and I would recommend this to anyone who wants a good value hotel which is near too, but not located directly on the Strip.	
Aug 4 2007 	Great Hotel/Great Value	The location is excellent. Internet is free. Don't expect to walk to anything as it isn't on the strip. But they do have a free shuttle to Mandalay Bay. The rooms were clean. The maids very nice. This hotel is a good value at any price around 100 Dollars. Negotiate! The pool was/is nice and uncrowded - The breakfast is good. I will use this property again.	
Aug 1 2007 	Nice Clean Hotel	We arrived on July 29 for 3 nights. We found the hotel to be just what a hotel should be. Clean and comfortable. The staff were fantastic especially Brian, who supplied us with bottled water when the vending machine was empty and even baked cookies and supplied a cold glass of milk for our daughter one night! I have to say, that was above and beyond what we expected.The rooms are spotless, as said in other reviews and I am really fussy. The walls are really thin though. I heard in detail (through the wall) from some guys in the next room, all about their &quot;show&quot; experience. I am glad that they didn't wake my daughter up! However, someone must have complained about the noise, as the staff were up quite promptly to sort out the problem.The pool is quite and clean and there is a safe relaxed atmosphere there.I see this as being a hotel for families with younger kids staying in Vegas and people on business. Our family would definitely stay again, but if my husband and I were in Vegas without our daughter, we would stay on the strip. The shuttle bus they put on there is great, but if we were there to gamble, I enjoy being able to easily walk back up to our room without the hassle of buses and taxies. We all definitely give this place a big thumbs up!	
Jul 24 2007 	liked this hotel	enjoyed our stay here although we had some difficulty finding it as there are 2 roads called polaris avenue and we cruised up and down the wrong one. once we found it we were very happy with it. Nice room, good size, clean. We had a car so were happy with the location. Nice breakfast, not too busy, good price for Las Vegas, would stay again	
Jul 20 2007	Very overrated taxi rides will cost you a fortune!	Stayed at the Mandalay Bay mdiweek until it got to expensive and booked this on Hotwire at $92.00, after seeing it had the 7th best customer satisfaction rating. First off, the person checking us in insisted on putting my 18 year old daughter and I in a king size bed with me because &quot;that was what Hotwire had us down for. She did not seem to understand that there was something quite wrong with that. After going over her head and having the great vibe of our vacation taken away, we managed to get two double beds. This hotel is fine for someone resting their weary head on a business trip, however it is not suitable for a vacation style hotel. The pool lacks any charm and the area is &quot;devegetated&quot;. For a few more bucks I would strongly suggest booking a better hotel. This hotel is in the middle of nowhere and any savings on the room will be eaten alive by taxi rides. I have been to Vegas over 100 times and this place is truly near the bottom. They do have free wireless which is nice and a small size workout room.	
Jun 19 2007	Just one negative	I have to agree with most of the reviews. A nice property and the staff was just great. Especially keeping in mind that this is Las Vegas. I enjoyed not being in a casino hotel for this trip. The only negative for us was that the walls are thin. Noticable sound from the next room. Guest there seemed to think that you have to yell into a cell phone. Sound problems from other rooms is not typical for HIX	
Jun 13 2007 	VERY Clean Hotel	Not within walking distance to the Strip, but free shuttle. We had a rental car and parked for free at the hotels. Very easy in/out parking at hotels. Did notice that the buses on the Strip were always crowded, even on Mon./Tue. This is a VERY clean and newer hotel. I am very particular about a hotel being clean. I even look at caulking lines around toilet to make sure they are clean. Coffee maker and tea bags in room, along with blow dryer and ironing board. Bedding was great. You have a choice of firm or soft pillows. No frig or microwave(would have been nice). No ice machine on 2nd floor(which we were on). Did not hear any outside noise(not even the planes), but the floors are very thin. People above us came in around 3:45 AM and sounded like they opening and closing their dresser drawers over and over again and just walking around for about an hour. Even the A/C couldn't hum that out. Would get top floor next time. Lobby area was very clean, front office staff very friendly(Brian) and helpful. Good variety for breakfast. Entrance of hotel had a great variety of coupons and magazines with coupons. Someone earlier mentioned the neighborhood was shady around hotel. I did not find that to be the case at all. Not much to really do withing walking distance from hotel. But who needs that when you have the Strip. This hotel is closest to the bottom 1/2 of the Strip. Spent 2 days here and only completed 1/2 hotels on the Strip. Hotels are farther apart than they seem on the maps. Was there on a Monday and Tuesday and did not notice the lines to be long at all. Was still pretty busy during the night even though it was during the week. Was worred about all I've heard about people standing on the side of the street handing out mini flyers of 1/2 dressed women(they did that but were not pushy at all), but not one tried to hand them to us since we had small kids with us. Had the buffet at Terrible's and it lived up to it's name. Yuck!	
Jun 3 2007 	Fantastic hotel	Stayed at this property for two nights during our month long road trip of California and Nevada and we were not disappointed. Charming friendly and very helpful front desk staff (all of them). Fabulous room, large, extremely clean and with lovely new fresh white bedding (you can buy this online after you leave). Perfectly adequate free breakfast.We asked for a room overlooking the strip on a high floor (about 1 mile away) as suggested by a previous reviewer. These are to the front of the hotel and we were surprised as to how close the strip seemed (great pictures taken at night) but without the incessant noise and hustle and bustle. Be warned however, there is a building plot directly in front of the hotel and once built on will obliterate this view completely. Building works next door but no noise heard at all. All in all a wonderful experience and we would not hesitate to highly recommend this property and it's location.	
May 18 2007 	Stay Here! Excellent Hotel	Yes, I felt silly saying I was going to Vegas and staying at the Holiday Inn Express. But that faded away when we checked in. The staff was friendly and the service was impeccable. The room was clean, no hints of smoke ANYWHERE in the hotel. The pool was excellent, never crowded (we usually had it to ourselves). The beds were incredibly comfortable, and the hotel was quiet so we got lots of sleep (check other hotel reviews, you won't find that elsewhere). There was construction next door, but we never heard it while inside. Breakfast (FREE) was excellent, fresh warm cinnamon rolls, variety of juices, cereals, bagels, waffles, fresh fruit, yogurt. The bathroom and the shower - excellent. We used the shuttle to the Mandalay Bay often, and again, were very impressed.I wanted to rest and relax at my hotel during my stay, and the Holiday Inn Express was PERFECT for that. I didn't want a &quot;party pool&quot; or a smoke filled hotel room just to say I stayed at one of the famous hotels. When I return to Vegas, I'll stay here again.	
May 15 2007 	Good value off-strip haven!	Stayed here at the end of April after flying in to Vegas from the UK. I wanted somewhere off strip so that the noise and madness was optional, and that's exactly what we got! I'd echo all the positive comments below about comfort, cleanliness, value etc and there's not much more i can add on that front. we stayed here two nights, then did a driving tour of California, then back to Vegas for two nights on the Strip, so can compare both options. In summary, i'd suggest this place is perfect for independent minded people who want to experience Vegas without the inconveniences of the big Strip hotels - lines for everything, hit and miss service, etc. Oh, and who don't mind at least one person not drinking at dinner so they can drive back, tho a cab is only $10 or so from the near end of the strip, and the HI do provide a shuttle bus option too.I heard no airplane noise either. Really don't know what's going on with that, unless the flight path changes based on wind direction or something.A few particular positives about this hotel, and i guess being off strip in general:- no long traffic queue to get to the hotel, no long walk from the car park, and no lines to check in. We could have been in our rooms within 10 minutes of picking up the rental car.- it's quiet - no drunken groups in the hallways at night, or shrieking cleaners in the hallways in the morning!- breakfast included - and by UK standards, a large and thorough breakfast! yes you might want to go pig out at a buffet afterwards, but it's nice to have the option of at least a quick coffee / snack first if you want a slower start to the day.- POOL &amp; hot tub were a big plus because there was never anyone in them! You'll never get any part of the pool to yourself in one of the big hotels. And, it was open until midnight if you fancied a dip before bed, which i love. Strip hotels tend to close their pools quite early, i guess to stop drunk people falling in them or something, i don't know!Only negative we found - aircon was pretty much on or off, and a bit noisy.	
May 1 2007 	welcoming and helpfull staff	what a great hotel just a shame it is off strip! apart from that i couldnt fault it. it was clean the staff were very informative and the free breakfast was a good start to the day.we stayed for 3 nights and then were booked into the luxor for the rest of our stay if we had have known before booking how nice it was we would have probably not bothered with the luxor!!!(this is another reveiw i have to write but not good!!) the room was i good nice size clean smelling and the beds comfortable. we were on our 5th travel expedition to america and always like to wonder about and do our own thing without being bothered and the hotel was very helpful when we needed to get to somewhere but didnt bother us if we didnt need anything. the shuttle bus was helpfull if you wanted to get to the strip without driving.well done to all the staff for our pleasant stay we would certainly return and have told lots of friends about you.	
Apr 21 2007	A great hotel for the money!	I searched long and hard for an affordable but clean hotel for our three-night Vegas stay. Trip Advisor reviews were very helpful.  Our room at the Holiday Inn Express was squeaky clean. All amenities were as described. The beds were quite comfy despite my bad back! Staff was friendly and helpful. We enjoyed the varied continental breakfast each AM and what a timesaver...no long lines at a casino breakfast buffet. Some reviews spoke of airport noise but the a/c fan drowned out any plane noise, which was sparse to begin with. We had the spa and pool to ourselves each evening. Parking was close and convenient and no lines at the front desk for check in. Sure, it's not on the strip, but only a short drive takes you there. We did not use the free shuttle to the Mandalay.  Quiet, clean, and just $109.00 per night (AARP price)...who could ask for anything more? A good birthday trip.	
Apr 20 2007 	Great place!	We are currently guests at the Holiday Inn Express On Polaris in Las Vegas. After having thoroughly read all the reviews for this hotel, I decided it sounded like a good deal to me. We were able to book this room with 25000 Priority Club points per night. We found the hotel very easy to get to from the car rental station at the airport. The whole hotel smells clean and fresh, and the beds here among the finest I have ever had at any hotel. Although the hotel is very airport handy, and others have written here complaining of airplane noise hindering their sleep, I can say that I never heard a plane fly over the entire 3 days we have been here. The Air conditioning units have a fan setting that allows you keep the fan running constantly ( heat or air) and that must act as white noise to cover the noise from the airport very well. The AC is a window type unit, but it is controlled by a thermostat on the wall. Always a plus staying at any HI Express is free continental breakfast and free in room wireless hi speed internet. Breakfast is identical of course to any HI Express. I am in room 324, and the view from my room includes several hotels on the strip ( from the backside) including the Bellagio. (My view also includes the interstate, so don't think I am saying it's just like staying on the strip!)We are in an &quot;executive&quot; room, which does have a small refrigerator and microwave and coffee maker, along with a sofa sleeper and coffee table. This the last night of my 3 night stay here, and I have slept like a baby the last two nights. The front desk staff has been very helpful in offering information about the hotel and the area, the shuttle to Mandalay Bay, and back routes to strip hotels during rush hour.It's just been a great place to stay, and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a comfortable and clean place to stay in Vegas, i you don't mind being a little bit away from the strip.	
Apr 18 2007 	Great Place to stay off the Strip	We stayed there following the good reviews on Trip Advisor, the location is very good if you dont want or need to stay on the Strip and much much cheaper! The front desk was efficient and helpful, the room spacious and clean(great fluffy towels) -super, comfortable beds. The complimentary breakfast was more than enough and of good quality and the cinnamon rolls....... well they are as good as they claim to be! A regular free shuttle to Mandalay Bay was a bonus - check it out	
Apr 9 2007 	Honey moon stay	This was not a bad place to stay the employees were very friendly and the rooms were clean. The rooms are a basic hotel room nothing fancy. They Have a free bus to Mandalay Bay and a free brakfast which will save you some money. We did have afew problems however. First off the employees were very nice but didnt know much about getting around or about Vegas second the pool was closed for some reason for about 3 days out of our stay so we had to go to another hotel and use there pool which wasent heated. They were also recharging there back up battery so the lights in our hall was out the one day. I havent made up my mind on satying off the strip yet. It is less busy and there are store where you don't have to pay a arm and a leg to get a drink or snack but the extra little trip to the strip seams like a pain some time and you don't quite get the magic feeling when your not on the strip. All and all I would stay here again but think it is a better place if youve been to Vegas afew times.	
Apr 8 2007 	Great - If you want to live at the end of a runway !	We booked this hotel because of all the great reviews on here about it ! What a mistake ! The hotel is nice, furnishings, clean etc...however WE COULD NOT SLEEP. The airport is about 5 blocks from the end of the Mccarran Airfield and there are planes taking off literally every minute all day and all night (less frequet at night but we counted 17 between midnight and 1am).Because it is so close to the airport there is so much noise from airplane engines. The pool is not a relaxing space because of the noise from planes constantly droning. If you want a relaxing hotel and the use of a pool avoid this hotel at all costs, true, it is great inside but the noise from plans ruins the whole place.	
Mar 18 2007	So airport handyI couldn't sleep	Very clean room, but no mini fridge or microwave. Pool well located for tanning all day. Pool and hot tub temperatures were very good. The bfst was excellent in variety with cinnamon buns, muffins, bagels, oj and excellent coffee etc.  There was no noise from other rooms, The window air conditioning was 1 high speed but it didn't drown out the airplane noise which was continuous all nite. The schuttle to the Mandalay was handy but the food there was very expensive--$60 for a boil in a bag dinner for 2.It was 90 degrees outside but they still didn't allow shorts in the lounge. snobs?	
Mar 6 2007 	Good  but..	Having stayed at Holiday Inn Express in Detroit and Solvang, California, I knew that the one in Las Vegas would be a pretty safe bet. But I must say I'm a bit surprised that Tripadvisor members rate this as the 3. best hotel/value in Vegas. The rooms are perfectly fine, and the staff is friendly and efficent. I agree with most of the positive comments about the hotel, but here's why I can't give this hotel more than three points:1. Some advisors say that the noise from the airport isn't that loud. All I can say is that that depends on in whitch direction the planes are taking off. If they take off over the hotel the noise is quite bothersome.2. The AC - at least in my room - was very loud.3. In a time when many budget hotels in Vegas offer 42&quot; flat screen TVs, HIE still has old school TV's. And the reseption on mine was pretty bad on several channels. 4. The location. I desided to stay at this hotel because I wanted to stay off the Strip. But the area is dull, you can't walk to the strip, so you do need a car. Unless you want to spend money on taxis, or wait around for the shutle that runs to Mandaly Bay every half hour until midnight that is. 5. The price is good, but not great, compared to other great off strip deals like The Orleans or South Point. However there is one thing the others can't beat HIE on - the beds. I'm a regular visitor to Las Vegas and have stayed at more than 10 different hotels. Only at Paris have I been as comfortable in bed as I was here. And a room at Paris cost twice as much.The Holiday Inn Express is a safe bet for an off strip hotel. But be aware that everything is not as perfect as some advisors seems to think. Have a nice trip to Vegas - and good luck.	
Feb 28 2007 	A great value	What a surprise! This is a well run, nicely equipped with upscale furnishings establishment. Honestly expected this to be quite basic -but excellent service combined with no casino and lovely interiors will bring me back next time I'm in Las Vegas.	
Feb 20 2007 	Excellent hotel	Stayed at this hotel 13-17 Feb 2007. Was very clean and in very good condition (newer hotel). Staff at front desk very helpful. The breakfast was very good. Easy to get to the strip as the free shuttle left every half hour to the Mandalay Bay. You can also catch the shuttle back to the hotel from the Mandalay Bay but make sure you wait for it on the lower valet level where the shuttle sign is. Safe area to do your morning run if you are a runner as it is located in a nice commercial area. Booked this hotel by reading all the previous reviews and was not disappointed. The reviews are right on. Pool is very good and hot tub very nice. See pics in this review. Very good value for the money.	
Feb 15 2007 	Fantastic place to stay - don't miss this bargain in Las Vegas	As with other reviewers I have to say that this hotel was one of the best places we have stayed in a long while. Last time we were in Vegas in Oct 2005 we stayed at the Luxor which we enjoyed but for value for money the Holiday Inn Express wins hands down. The beds were so comfortable, I wanted to take ours home with us!! The cleanliness of our room and the rest of the hotel was brilliant and we had a great stay here (3 nights in February 2007). We only had one slight glitch with our room keys but it was nothing major at all. We made use of the free shuttle to Mandalay Bay quite a lot and then got the tram up to Excalibur. If you time things well, it doesn't take much out of your day and in any case, you can spend a lot of time walking through casinos to get out of the bigger hotels.If we go back to Vegas we would stay here again.	
Feb 10 2007 	Good value close to the strip	I was attending a conference in Las Vegas. I could not get the group rate for the Mandalay Bay and their best public rate was more than double the rate for the Holiday Inn. The Mandalay does not include HIE free breakfast or the free internet access (there is wireless in the rooms and a PC and free printer in the lobby). I have stayed at several Holiday Inn Express hotels and the formula is pretty similar, but this one was by far the nicest. The beds and pillows (choice of hard or soft) had been upgraded and were a dream to sleep on. The rooms look almost new and bathroom, shower etc were in great condition. The holiday inn continent breakfast is typically a bit limited, but here they had a better choice with Yogurt and fresh fruit. There was a free shuttle every 30 mins to the Mandalay bay (which is just the other side of the freeway - 5 mins) and it you have plenty of time you can take the free shuttle train from Mandalay to Excalaber then walk from Excalaber to the MGM and then catch the monorail into town ($5 single, $15 all day). The location is really the only downside of this hotel if you want to be able to walk out of your hotel onto the strip then this isn't the place for you. If you have car or take the shuttle described above then just look at how much you will save. None of my friends were impressed with their rooms (mostly at the Mandalay bay) - at the price they paid they all complained about taking 15 mins to walk through the casino to get from their room to the car park and rooms which were tired and even dirty. The other great feature of the holiday inn is the pool/spa. Even in Feb it was warm enough for swimming the in outdoor heated pool and the spa was great.	
Jan 22 2007 	Secret off the Strip!	I stayed 2 nights at Luxor then 3 nights here. A free stay as I transferred Amex points to Holidays Inn's Priority Club Rewards Points. (I would have paid the going rate here) This hotel is less than 5 minutes from the strip. NO Valet as parking is right outside the doors. NO long walks to rooms. I was in room 322 directly across from the elevators and heard nothing. I had an executive suite with a mini fridge, coffee pot and microwave. Bathroom was nice........extended shower curtain and and a &quot;rain drop&quot; showerhead. Beds were like sleeping on clouds. Very, very comfortable. Duvets with 4 pillows. Bedding was top notch. You can request soft or firm pillows. FREE internet access in lobby. Free continental breakfast and a newspaper. 5 minutes after we checked in our room, the front desk called to see if we needed anything and if the room was up to our liking. (Nice classy touch....Thank you management.) Having done the strip hotels numerous times.........we will definetly be back. They also have a free shuttle to Mandalay Bay twice an hour.........And on the 2nd floor is a laundry room. Nice touch considering I hate the smell of smoke and it was nice to wash everything before packing to go home. It was a nice switch from walking through chimney smelling casinos. Front desk always smiling and ask if you need anything.................Can't say enough about my stay here..........except it was great!!!!!	
Jan 2 2007 	A good stay	This is a newish hotel, and the décor is clean and bright. The staff are all very courteous and helpful. We had never been to Las Vegas and didn't really want to stay on the strip. This hotel is a good alternative - it's just on the other side of the interstate, but there is a shuttle to the Mandalay Bay resort which runs on the half hour and works well; from Mandalay Bay you can catch the free tram to the Excalibur, walk across the road to MGM Grand and the monorail and head up the strip. You can walk to most spots from the monorail stations. The noise from adjoining rooms was noticeable, but not bad. When the iron in our room didn’t work, a new one was provided within minutes. It's probably time that hotels like HIE stopped using disposal plates and cutlery for their breakfast though; it's wasteful and probably irresponsible in this era of environmental awareness.	
Dec 30 2006 	This place is awesome!	I can't believe I would say that about a Holiday Inn, but this is the first time I've stayed in a HI Express, and I was very impressed. I've travelled quite a lot in the past year, and this was the newest, cleanest and most comfortable room that I've had, no questions. This hotel is still new, only about 3 years old, and is in very good condition. My husband and I stayed here over the Thanksgiving holiday, and even at such a busy time the pool was empty and the breakfast room always had seats available. This seems like a small thing to be grateful for, but majority of the times I stay at a hotel with free breakfast the room is so crowded that there is no place to eat, and I often skip it altogether. My extended family stayed at the Flamingo, and for the same nightly rate I got free internet and free breakfast without having to walk through a smoky casino, so I think I got the better deal.	
Dec 20 2006 	An oasis just off the strip	My recent experiences at this place match those of many of the others who have commented about this place. It is a nice, quiet hotel off of the hustle and bustle that is the Strip. My stay was from Dec 16 - Dec 19.The good:- Decent location. Off of the strip, so it's actually quiet and a welcome retreat off the Strip. Easy to get to from the airport, and easy to catch I-15/215 to access the other parts of the city-Free shuttle to Mandalay Bay. Ran roughly :10 and :40 past the hour most of the time I was there. Operated from 7am to 11pm, so late night excursions are limited. Taxi's are a better option for late night, but for morning and afternoon excursions, the shuttle works well.-Helpful, curtious staff. They went out of their way to make sure I was being served well. No real complaints hereThe not so great:-Did wish the breakfast bar was a little more robust. It's an okay way to start out the day and probably will tide most people over til they can hit the buffets at the casinos, but I'm a little picky. -One pc in the lobby. Did wish they had another, since it was busy most of the time I tried to use it. If you have a notebook PC with a wireless card (or even if you don't have a wireless card) they encourage you to use that option by giving you access infomation @ checkin. Will be considering that option next time I stay there.I would stay there again, when I do make it back to Vegas. It's definitely a great place to stay.	
Nov 19 2006 	After a lot of searching we made the right choice !	Demographic: Middle aged, middle class husband and wife, looking for a good *value* for our accommodation dollars.I have a lengthy review below because I like to read indepth reviews. For those of you who are here to skim, here’s the money shot - “Book a room there, now!”So, we were going to Vegas for the first time. We are simple Midwestern folk who live a normal, middle class life. Live in a modest home, couple of kids, dog and cat. We wanted to stay in a clean, nice place where we would feel safe.I searched, literally, for over 40 hours before settling on this property. The reason I didn’t find it sooner was because for some unknown, unfair reason it was rated as a 2 star property (users rated it 4-5 stars). In reality it is at least a 4 star in my opinion. Details follow below.Firstly, we booked through the hotels web site about a month and a half in advance. We paid $96 a night for a Mon-Friday stay.After finding out the hard way that Polaris Street is not continuous and we were on the wrong side of the break, a call to the hotel yielded the needed directions to rescue us.Upon arrival we were greeted with a nice, clean, orderly looking outside of the hotel. So far so good. Going inside we were welcomed by a very nice gal who was courteous and helpful. I requested a strip view room, but she already had us in one facing the strip. Things were going well.Up to the second floor and opening the door revealed a nice clean smelling room. (All rooms are NON smoking!! They have a $250 charge for anyone who defiles the room with smoke. Good for them, I apologize if you smoke, but we who don’t are sickened by stale cigarette smoke smell, ugh)The bathroom was spotless and the rest of the room didn’t show any appreciable wear and tear beyond a cracked wall socket plate. Holiday Inn Express (HIE) makes a big deal about the bedding setup. We chose a King bed and it was comfortable, has 3 pillows (2 soft and 2 firm) and some fancy sheets and stuff (Who knows, I’m a guy so not real important to me)The towels were kick a**. Very nice and fluffy.One of the primary reasons I chose this property was the FREE in-room high-speed Internet Access. I am a computer geek, but frankly, my dad could have set it up, it was that easy. The access speed was adequate at 750Kbs. There is also a complimentary computer and laser printer in the lobby if one does not carry a laptop.A FREE breakfast bar is available from 6:30 - 9:30 (If I remember correctly). Cinnamon rolls were very good. They also had a ton of other eats and drinks: Cereal, bagels, toast, fruit, hard-boiled eggs, OJ, milk, coffee, etc.We interacted with the staff a few times and each time was outstanding. One word of warning, the wake up call service they use was running 7 minutes or so behind and the first morning did not call at all. There is an alarm clock in the rooms so it is not that big of deal, but since I have been gushing I thought I would mention the one little flaw I found.The location of the hotel is off strip somewhat. You *could* walk it, but it would be a jaunt for sure. We rented a car from Alamo (very good experience there also) and just drove over since there are 100 locations to park for free once you get there.The first night we took the hotel sponsored shuttle. It is free, but be advised it only runs until 11:00, so for most people that will be way too early. The other issue is it only drops off at the Mandalay Bay which is severe south strip. It is a *long, long* way to the other end. The first night we walked until we were about to fall over. The next day we found we had made it just about 1/3 of the way up the strip. I forget to mention they also provide a free USA Today for those who want it.So, to close, we were extremely happy with this hotel and would absolutely stay here again. It may be rated by Expedia as 2 stars, but it is much nicer than that. Since it is a small property, the service the staff provides is more like the Midwest service we are used to back home.One last thought, if you go to Vegas you *have* to eat at the Rio’s seafood buffet. OMG, all you can eat lobster. I was such a pig, but my God it was great! (Hint: Get a fun book from Harrah’s. It has a $10 per person coupon for the buffet (Which is $35 a head normally) and they will shuttle you from the Harrah to the Rio for free.Also, if you find this review helpful or just want to ask me a question, feel free to contact me at: tomrakers@programmer.netCheers!	
Nov 3 2006 	Clean Convenient and Very Nice!	We only spent one night in Vegas before we headed to the Grand Canyon and northern Arizona. It was a great hotel at a fantastic price. We got a huge discount by paying in advance through their website. There was a wonderful free breakfast: hard boiled eggs, cereal, bagels, waffles, yogurt, juice, coffee, hot chocolate, etc. The rooms were very modern and very clean. The bed was extremely comfortable. It reminded me of the &quot;Heavenly Beds&quot; that are advertised at Westins. The shower was wonderful. The view was a nice panorama of the strip. It was convenient to the strip without all of the hassles of the strip. Overall, the best hotel I've stayed in for a few years.	
Oct 24 2006	Recommended	Well placed about 1/3 mile off the Strip, so convenient but more quiet. There was a Police Dog Convention while we were there, so we felt it was very secure! Beds confortable. Room/bathroom very clean. There is a shuttle bus to the strip if you should wish. Would be 5/5 but the breakfast was not as good as some of the places we stayed. That said, we would recommend this Hotel. Took a flight to the Grand Canyon which was fab. One tip - go for a tour which gives you extended time at the Canyon as most only give you an hour or two to soak in the enormity of the place - not nearly enough.	
Oct 19 2006 	Perfect spot	This was the first hotel that we stayed in on our 4 week driving trip around the west coast. The room was clean and was big enough for the 6 of us. The location was great, we drove to the strip self parked for free without any problems and explored. We left the strip of an evening and went shopping and had dinner off the strip. We left the hotel for one night to go to the Grand Canyon and left our things in the room without any problems. The breakfast was self service and was a great light healthy start to the day. I am so glad that we didn't stay on the strip but stayed here. The children got to see Vegas but were away from the strip at night.	
Sep 9 2006 	We'll be back!	I took a gamble on this location, and it was the best bet I made in Vegas! My husband had a 3-day seminar at the Mandalay Bay in early September, and after seeing all the good reviews on this site, I decided to take a chance and stay here, saving $50 per night off the &quot;special seminar rate&quot; at the Mandalay. WHAT A GREAT CHOICE. The rooms are spotless and comfortable, relatively quiet (especially being this close to the airport), and the bathrooms are hospital-clean. Free continental breakfast, free wireless internet (huge for us), super-helpful front desk staff, and a free shuttle every 30 minutes to the Mandalay. Great pool and hot tub--and unlike some of the trendier places on the strip, no fighting for chairs! A huge bonus for us is that you don't have to wander around in a smoke-filled casino for 20 minutes to get out of the building, or down to the pool. It is away from the action, yet close enough to be in the middle of it within 15 minutes. If you aren't in Vegas for the gambling (or want to get away from it when you are finished), you won't regret the Holiday Inn Express!	
Sep 5 2006 	Great one night stay	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Express for one night the first part of September. Check-in was very smooth and the desk staff was very professional. When we got back to our room following some time at a local casino, they'd left a message making sure that everything was meeting our needs.The room was wonderful! Very comfortable beds and pillows. I couldn't decide which I liked more -- the bed or the shower, which was also great. The breakfast bar met our expectations. Several different kinds of muffins/bagels/frozen waffles/pastries, along with fruit, coffee, juices and cereal. We would definitely stay here again, and will also be looking for other Holiday Inn Express hotels for our future travel plans.	
Aug 31 2006	Nice Hotel - Would stay again	Spent a three day weekend at the Holiday Inn Express. Very clean rooms and pleasent staff. Very quiet and the bed/pillows rocked. A/C was perfect. Holiday Inn Express is becoming my favorite place to stay everywhere. The shuttle to the Mandalay Bay saved a $8 cab fare. From the Bay, you can take tram to the Excalibur and then take the Monorail from the MGM all the way to the Stratosphere. Very easy and you save some dough for cab fares. Ask the shuttle driver the day you have to go to the airport to see if they can take you. Most likely they will and its free! Only bad thing was that a vending machine at the hotel took my money. Certainly not a big deal in Vegas compared to what the slots took.	
Aug 23 2006 	Clean 'Near Strip' Alternative	Holiday Inn Express, Russell Road at Polaris Avenue, Las Vegas. Relatively new, clean, non-casino property. Rooms were very comfortable- with the &quot;new&quot; HI Express bedding and linens. Breakfast was more than adequate- juices, eggs, muffins,cereal,biscuits &amp; gravy, fruit, yogurt, etc. A hotel shuttle will transport you to/from Mandalay Bay. You're within eyeshot of many of the south strip casinos. Convenient to McCarren Airport via freeway- take &quot;airport tunnel&quot; to I-15North, then exit left at Russell Road. There are two all night convenience stores / gas stations a few steps away, as well as a Colonial Bank ATM. We discovered the studio/warehouse for Magician David Coppefield across the street-you'll see the many touring trailers parked. Not much else in walking distance of this hotel complex, except a &quot;Gentlemen's Club.&quot; The pool and jacuzzi were sparkling clean, with nice nighttime views of the Strip lights. Oh, if you really wanted to walk to Mandalay Bay- you could probably make it in appx 25-30 minutes on a pedestrian sidewalk, but you'll have to cross a freeway entrance and exit. Complimentary computer kiosk/printer just off lobby.	
Aug 16 2006	Perfect	After spending 2 nights on the Strip, we needed a cheaper hotel to spend our last night before our flight home. Having read the reviews on Trip Advisor I went ahead and booked a room for my family - 2 adults &amp; 2 teenagers. Very spacious, modern, clean and well equiped room. Complimentary continental breakfast, internet access and shuttle to the strip. The staff were very friendly and helpful, offering local info - even though we were only there for one night. The kids loved the pool and hot tub - again this area was spotlessly clean and tidy - nice shower area and toilet facilities. The only drawback was construction in the area - much like the rest of Vegas at the moment!! - but this didn't cause us any problems. I would highly recommend this hotel - if you aren't bothered about staying on the Strip (having done so for the first 2 nights - it's not all it is cracked up to be) - this hotel is perfect - the complementary shuttle service gets you to the strip - about 5 mins drive away. You can then hop on the deuce bus at $5 for the day - you can just hop on and off where and when ever you chose - This hotel was also 10 mins from the airport - but plane noise was not a problem.	
Aug 15 2006 	Good location good front desk butpoor housekeeping.	Let's start saying that this hotel, even if not directly on the strip, has an optimal location. If you can move with your own (or rented) car, the strip is 5 minutes far.The swimming pool is good and not very busy.The breakfast is almost the same you can find in any other holiday express hotel. Talking about bad things, we've been very unlucky with housekeeping service: during our four days stay we found our room undone after 2.00pm for three consecutive days. The last day, our room was still undone at 3.40pm!Said that, we found our rooms always very clean.Overall, the front desk service is good, but housekeeping organization needs strong improvements.	
Aug 14 2006	Good alternative to strip	Stayed here for one night in August. Nice, clean room with new bed linens and showerhead. This is a good alternative to staying on the strip. Less expensive and easy to drive to any casino on strip. All the casinos have free self parking so you can leave your car and walk up and down the strip then drive back to hotel when done. Free wireless internet and continental breakfast are plusses. Only negative was loud group in hallway in middle of night, but it is Las Vegas so I guess you have to expect that. 5 minute drive to airport. They have a shuttle to Mandalay Bay but we had car so did not use that. No restaurants within walking distance(at least none that I could see).	
Jul 18 2006	G8t Hotel good value	I stayed here with my wife and 2 kids 17 &amp; 11 - we had a 2 bed room and it was fantastic - very clean - large and very comfortable. Swimming pool was also very handy and clean, also not very busy. We got the free bus from hotel to the Mandalay which ran every 30 min. we stayed all day - night at the strip with loads to do and got a taxi back which costs about $10. We then sat at the hot tum to bathe our feet. Go stay there it really was very good! Oh! breakfast was also super! continetal style	
Jul 16 2006	Hotel great-Unfortunately service poor	First off, our reservation information was not readily retrieved from the front desk person. When things were finally sorted out (we thought) we checked into our room, which turned out to be a smoking room (we wanted NON) that totally stunk....as did the entire floor! Because we had a show to get to quickly, we couldn't do much other than call the front desk and ask what happened to the non-smoking room we reserved. Basically the question was met with a disinterested comment about the room not being available, and would we like the room to be &quot;sprayed again&quot;. On a positive note, the beds and bedding in the rooms are very nice, and the breakfast bar and staff running it were top knotch. Back to the bad stuff.....the following day I complained to a new front desk person about how bad the room smelled and interestingly she was able to move us. It was a bit of an inconvienience, but the new room was much fresher. We had a big bag of dirty laundry to do that day, so I figured I would put a load in and then watch the kids at the pool.....after bringing the bag to the laundry room, I noticed that there wasnt supplies available...so went to the front desk. They apparently ran out of guest laundry supplies....I was told there was a store nearby to get what I needed if I wanted. Needless to say, I wasn't impressed. The next day, I called the front desk to see if they had obtained any laundry supplies yet....I was told &quot;yes&quot; and that someone would run it up to our room. Well, after a half hour of waiting, I called the front desk and got a different guy who said there were NO supplies after all! The other downside of this hotel was the location, and the limited shuttle service to the strip (only drop off and pick up is at Mandalay Bay). I guess if you don't want to spend much time on the strip, then location isn't much of a factor.The bottom line for us is the poor service we received....primarily from the front desk staff. For that reason alone, we likely would not return to this hotel.	
Jul 15 2006	Great family holiday	We stayed here for four nights on a trip to the USA, we are used to staying in five star accommodation and only stayed here after such great reccommendations on Trip Finder and we were not disappointed! The hotel is clean, quiet and comfortable and our family room comfortably accomidated our family of six! The staff were friendly and helpful and staying off strip was a great decision. We had a ball in Las Vegas and will stay here again in a heartbeat!	
Jul 6 2006	Always Very Nice	We love this hotel. It is always extremely clean and fairly quiet, if you can deal with the sound of airplanes nearby (which is blocked pretty well when the air conditioner runs). The bathroom is large, with a massive granite counter inside and a hot shower with excellent pressure. The breakfast selection is great and convenient, as in the computer in the lobby with internet access. The shuttle is hit or miss and they're working on that problem by having it now only drop off and pick up at the Mandalay Bay. They also have brand new linens with a top sheet-covered down comforter and a choice of either soft or firm pillows on every bed. We'll stay again!	
Jul 4 2006	Great Hotel for the entire family!	This may be considered a &quot;budget&quot; hotel but we were treated like royalty.Their beds were AMAZING!! Apparently it's their new line of beds, linens, soaps, shampoos...whatever it was it was GREAT! We came from a dump of a hotel the night previous and this was such a refreshing change.I'm not kidding, we have a nice bed at home but I would trade mine at home for the bed in this hotel. I could have spent the entire vacation there.The hotel was super clean, breakfast was great. They even gave us hot out of the oven cookies that evening.The pool was nice and definitely needed in the Nevada heat!AND...they have a free shuttle to Mandalay Bay to the tram until 11:00pm each night.I would stay there again and again!!	
Jun 7 2006	Top Value; don't bother staying on the strip!	Just back from two weeks in California, driving from San Fran to Las Vegas and back. Most nights we stayed in Holiday Inns or Express because we had reward points. It was interesting to see how they varied when on the face of it they are the same. This one was best of the bunch; the fresh clean smell in the corridors made a good impression before we even saw the room. Warm cinnamon rolls for breakfast was a nice touch not found elsewhere.The pool was the best of all the places we stayed and the rooms were quiet. The only minor problem was aircraft noise; it's right under the glide path. We were surprised that the windows were not double glazed; the London Heathrow equivalent felt like they were landng on the roof but there was no sound of them inside. The airport seems to close around midnight and open at 7.00ish so it didn't disrupt our sleep.Beware of the free shuttle to the strip! We thought we'd take a break from the driving but jt arrived 10 minutes late and already full. The driver claimed there would be another along in 15 minutes so we sat down outside, only to find a few minutes later a queue outside of at least a shuttle full. It still hadn't arrived to pick them up when we left in the car 25 minutes later.Parking is free in all the big hotels, so once you've worked out how to get outside onto the strip you've got it made. It's about 10 minutes drive to the Paris which was the easiest to park and exit.	
Jun 6 2006	Nice place	Should you listen to me? I'm someone who usually stays in a modest hotel - Hampton, Fairfield, Holiday Inn. Will do a Ramada or Hilton on occasion. A Lodge or resort/spa is a treat for me. Mostly I want a CLEAN ROOM and I prefer a new hotel or a recently renovated one.I didn't get to use this hotel like most might. Checked in at 6pm and was gone by 4am. Room was immaculant. Very clean, nicely decorated. Bed was a bit soft but they had option of pillows (firm and soft) and the bedding was first rate.The staff was friendly and very capable. The provided great directions to eat dinner - something simple - Chillii's. The drive to the airport was very simple, about 3 turns and there you are.The only negative thing I can say about it was that it doesn't have an airport shuttle. I wanted that and mistakenly thought they did - but that is my fault. Otherwise, very clean, nice lobby, quick elevators, helpful staff, no problems.I'd stay again.	
Jun 4 2006	Very clean	My husband and I were on our way from Florida to the Grand Canyon via Las Vegas. We really just needed a room for the night before starting our drive to the Grand Canyon. I chose the Holiday Inn Express on Polaris because I had never been to Las Vegas before and I wasn't sure about staying right on the strip. Las Vegas honestly isn't really my idea of a vacation destination. Holiday Inn Express was very clean. Our room was nice and comfortable. Breakfast the next morning had all the basic necessities and was great. They kept the area well stocked and clean. The hotel is very close to the strip, which, yes we did go to for a few hours. It is a very easy drive, I think we only made two quick, easy turns to get there. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
May 10 2006	Pleased again..	My second stay at HI Express was virtually the same:PROS: 1. Terrific Value- $120 on weekends2. Great Shower- rainfall showerhead, curved curtain for more space, great water pressure.3. Good FREE Breakfast. Coffee complimentary anytime. Free internet in Lobby and WIFI in room.4. 30 Secs Max from Entrance to RoomCON:1. Shuttle continues to be overcrowded (weekends). Plan on a backup taxi ride of about $7 to South side of strip. Don' t count on shuttle to make dinner or show reservations- plan ahead and reserve a limo or call a taxi!	
Apr 11 2006	Very nice hotel	We were very pleased with our one night stay at this hotel. It's off the strip, just west of I-15, but within 2 minutes drive of the MGM, Mandalay Bay, etc. Price was much cheaper than the strip hotels and it included an excellent breakfast with everything you need to start the day off on the right foot. It was really nice not having to walk a mile to get to your room like you do with most of the big strip hotels.The hotel offered shuttles to the strip, though we didn't use this service so I can't comment.The only negative experience we had at this hotel was the construction going on next door on the freeway side of the hotel. They even worked on weekends which surprised us. But it wasn't that loud, just the occasional back up sounds from the tractors and cranes. A room on the western side of the hotel might alleviate this concern if absolute peace and quiet is required. Otherwise, it really wasn't that big a deal for us.	
Mar 13 2006	Great off-strip hotel	I agree with just about everything the last couple of reviewers have written. This is a great choice for your budget, especially on a weekend. The room was very clean and comfortable, and the staff was very friendly and helpful. Wireless internet connection in the room worked perfectly, and there is a computer in the lobby with a printer. I arrived at 11am on a Saturday and was able to check in early with no trouble. The breakfast bar is great and they have lots of seating, including a sofa in front of a fireplace.The one small complaint is about the free shuttle that goes to the Bellagio and Mandalay Bay. It's very popular and has to deal with traffic, so it's rarely on time and is sometimes full when it does come. Still no seating outdoors for waiting outside, but you can wait in the lobby and the driver will come in and announce that the shuttle is there. If you're not in a hurry, the shuttle is a nice convenience.If you don't want to wait, the front desk is great about calling a cab for you, and we paid $8 to get to the strip. The cab to the airport was $12. Plan on the expense of a cab to and from the airport if you aren't driving, because none of the airport shuttles come to this hotel.The value, quality and service this hotel provides more than make up for the transportation issues. I'd definitely stay here again.	
Feb 12 2006	just the place at half the cost	my husband and I stayed here in january 2006 we had a great stay here, the hotel was very clean and the staff could not have been more helpful, however the only blot on the copy book was that the courtesy shuttle was'nt very good at arriving on time anything from 30-45 mins late.also they could have done with a seat/seating outside for guests that were waiting. but despite this it was well worth its money and we would happily stay there again next time.	
Jan 4 2006	Great Find	Was sceptial about booking this after being on Strip for 4 nights but needed a bed for the night.This hotel was fantastic, we got upgraded to a suite, Make sure you ask for suite 422 if paying as this is the only suite with a view of the strip.Room spacious and lovely, swimming pool open even though it was December and also laundry facilities on the 2nd floor. There was also tea/coffee maker in the room.Service was very efficient and polite, nothing was too much trouble.There was a curtesy bus that dropped off/picked up at the Bellagio every 1/2 hour from 7am to 11pm which we used as was better than staying on the strip as it was dead central.Would stay here again, without doubt.	
Jan 1 2006	Loved it!!	My husband, my two sons and myself stayed here for two nights in December 2005 and was very pleased. We didn't go to Las Vegas to gamble, we just wanted to see the Hoover Dam. The staff was wonderful, the rooms were so nice and clean. We got a good nights sleep because the beds were sooo comfortable, and the rooms were quiet. The continental breakfast was very good. They have a computer in the lobby you can use to check emails also, and have free USA Today newspapers. If we ever go to Las Vegas again, we would definitely stay here.	
Nov 28 2005	Great Value! Super clean rooms and tasty breakfast	I picked this hotel after I read the raving reviews and wasn't exactly sure why a Holiday Inn Express was much to rave about except for the price. With exception to the distance to the block (which you would either drive or take a shuttle), this hotel is one of the best value in Las Vegas. The rooms look clean and new, and the breakfast offered large selection and was included in the hotel room price. This is a great hotel at a budget price, much better than some of the hotels on the strip. The parking is free, so this hotel is more enjoyable if you had a car to drive to the strip.	
Oct 4 2005	An Excellent launch pad to the Strip!	We stayed here Sept. of 2005 and thought the hotel was great for the price. The hotel was clean and the room was excellent. We were unfortunately put next to room service’s storage room, but never noticed any noise. IMPORTANT NOTES: they have a free shuttle every 30 minutes to the Strip, but get there early. The shuttle is a joint operation between 3 hotels and at peak times, seating can be limited. BREAKFAST: it was ok, but I really went Vegas to eat at nice restaurants, but it was nice to get a cup of coffee and a bagel before we left each morning. The also have free internet at the hotel, which was very nice. I would recommend this hotel over the Strip Casinos any day.	
Sep 10 2005	Great Breakfast...Very Clean.....	Wonderful to wake up to an early Breakfast with EVERYTHING you can think of....including Cranberry Juice (mixes well with Vodka, says my husband)...WOW!!As a smoker though...Would have been nice to have chairs in the front, while we waited for our shuttle (arrives every 20 min.)I love the bedding (foam matteress) had a sound sleep.They even had hydraulic doors to every room, so that no door slams down the hallways. Let's not forget Holiday Inn's showers that are wide spread and the pressure was great.Laundry room was availiable to us as well, felt like home...HA!&quot;What was brought to Vegas.....Stayed in Vegas&quot;...$$$$$---0,000.00Bob and Mari Ann-Cartersville, Georgia. (Originally from Illinois)	
Jun 8 2005	nice clean hotel		
Jun 8 2005	Very Good Stay		
Jun 6 2005	Very pleasant stay and our room smelled clean!!!!!		
May 4 2005	Holiday Inn - near the strip		
Mar 28 2005	Perfect for quick access (without immersion) to the Strip		
Jan 27 2005	Isolated		
Jan 24 2005	Great Hotel		
Oct 12 2004	Holiday Inn Express		
Aug 1 2004	New friendly and well kept. Buffet breakfast is great.		
May 25 2004	Brand New Hotel - Just a little from the strip		
Oct 1 2008	Genial		
Aug 28 2007 	tolle Adresse sich nach einem erlebnisreichen Tag auszuruhen		
