	Incompetent! But not a surprise	Booked a room at Texas Station because we were attending a &quot;stay and play&quot; soccer tournament in Vegas. Made a reservation about a month in advance and was told could not confirm two rooms adjacent for our family of 6 (2 adults, 4 young children). But, I could call the morning of check-in and do so. Of course, was told the morning of check-in that was not possible. Surprise! When checking in at 7PM we were 'lucky' to get two rooms on the same floor.How it is not possible to make that simple (it would seem) arrangement is beyond me.It's not like a 3rd rate establishment should be doing a little extra to compete for travelers.The rooms are similar to what you would find in a hotel 20 years ago. The casino is bland and sad. There is nothing interesting within walking distance. Ok for anyone without kids thats likes to stay up all night pushing buttons and smoking.	
Nov 9 2009 	Really Inexpensive: Fair/Okay	I just wanted to reiterate what others have stated here. I was looking for an inexpensive place to stay in Las Vegas, while visiting friends and seeing some desert sights. Got this on Priceline. It was a good deal for the $25 per night (plus the nasty EXTRA $15 per night charge). But don't expect a real clean place for this price. If you are not into gambling, it has a multiplex. It's right by Wal-Mart and other shopping and eats. It's easy to get around from there. It's also right next to another Casino/Hotel/Complex. Again, $15 EXTRA charge is nasty, but staying here for TWO nights for a total of about $80 was great.	
Oct 7 2009 	Not so good not so bad	On our trip to Vegas we stayed for a few days in this hotel/casino. The location of this hotel is off-strip, and of course you need a car to get around. The room was okay (free safe-locker) and the bathroom (lots of soaps/shampoo) was spacious. The pool is very small, on the other hand the casino is really big! I'm not really positive, but can't mention the downsides. The roomrates are really low (only in the weekends they go up). An okay place to stay for a few bucks and a few days.	
Sep 19 2009 	How does $15 in resort fees go with a $25 room rate sound???	After booking this hotel on Priceline - when I showed up to check in they hit me with a $15 per night resort fee. Resort fee gave me the privilege of local and toll free calls and the use of the most horrendously slow internet I have ever experienced. There is nothing else to say about this hotel - you advertise rates that are in line with off strip location hotels in Vegas - 3 stars and then pull the back door trick of a resort fee when your hotel is not even close to offering anything that gives value for this fees. Shame on Texas Station - Avoid this hotel!!!	
Sep 16 2009 	Smoky Run Down and Located in Unsafe Area	The hotel is located in a very run down bad area in North Las Vegas. I felt very unsafe. Smoke is very bad in the casino area on busy nights. The hotel seems to attract all of the low life people in North Las Vegas. Buffet was about a 3 on a scale of 10. Internet service for computers in your room was not stable. Be prepared to be charged a $14.00 service fee on top of the room rate. The service fee is for the internet and news paper. Room rates are cheaper than other hotels in Vegas.	
Sep 4 2009 	OK but there are better values out there.	If you need to be in North Las Vegas, Texas Station has clean comfortable rooms and many amenities. Pluses: Clean comfortable rooms, movie theater, bowling alley, food court, steakhouse. Minuses: Long walks, no bell service, no room service, flaky internet connection, few TV channels, overpriced for what it is. A &quot;resort fee&quot; is added to your bill, but by no stretch of the imagination is this place a &quot;resort.&quot; My rate was supposed to be pre-negotiated with my company but the actual rates and fees charged varied from day to day for no apparent reason. You can get better deals than this, and unless you really need to be in North Las Vegas there's no reason to stay here.	
Aug 31 2009 	I'd rather stay in Sing Sing	Filthy room, crummy service, charges added to my credit card without my permission, A/C from the 1950s. Anywhere but here, please....The Steakhouse was great. But slay elsewhere.	
Aug 6 2009 	Good Value for Your Money	We have stayed here before and will likely stay here again. It is off the strip and away from downtown. The check-in was prompt and friendly. Our room and the bathroom were basic, clean and large. Since we were visiting family, we only stayed for 1 night.	
May 15 2009 	Very Pleased with room..Nice Clean Large room	We stayed at Texas Station for 12 nights and we were pleasantly surprised with the room. The room was HUGE and very clean. The bed was comfortable and I called for extra pillows and housekeeping brought them up right away. The bathroom was large and had oval tub and lots of hot water and good water pressure. They had everything you need in room. A safe for your valuables, iron and ironing board, hair dryer, shampoo etc. Maid service did a great job keeping our room very clean. The pool is nothing special just a basic pool with towels provided and music by the pool. There is a cardio room with several machines with tv. The casino is huge and we did well on the slots. I loved the bingo hall ( I think it is your best chance for a win) The buffet was not very good except seafood night was good with crab legs and the cafe was good. we ate there several times. My husband went to the movies there inside the casino and said the threater was nice. There is a food court and bowling alley there too. The only thing we did not like was they add a resort fee of $12.95 per day onto your rate. They don't bother to tell you what it is for. I asked and they say it is for high speed internet, line passes at restaurants, free newspaper with coupons for the hotel. I never saw anything worth the extra $12. Other than this, we enjoyed the stay and was pleased	
May 6 2009 	pass this over...	My first trip to vegas...stayed at texas station due to a decent sale...positivesdecent roomnegativesroom provided smelled of smoke - but they issued a new one trouble free...surprised me with an 15$ a day service feebuffet was low qualitysketchy patronslocation is really in the middle of nowhere (vegas suburb requiring a hefty drive to the action on the strip)Next time, i;ll be staying on the strip	
Apr 23 2009 	Worked out GREAT Clean room Restaurant in same Building	Easy off Freeway, Clean, Quiet, Nice beds, Three restaurant good food	
Apr 17 2009 	Dirty and hidden fees!	Big room but uncomfortable bed. My pillows had footprints on them -- i guess the previous guests threw them on the dirty floor, walked all over them, then the housekeepers just put them right back up on my bed! tub was funky too, lots of little hairs left behind by other folks. So what? i was willing to put up with it all, because I got a very good deal on the room. but not so fast! at checkout, a $14 charge appeared on my bill. Apparently I had &quot;agreed&quot; to it when I signed in, even though it wasn't verbally disclosed, and since I had prepaid for the room, I wouldn't have had much of a choice anyhow. Desk staff couldn't care less that I was unhappy, or that I had received absolutely nothing for the $14 they charged me. It sure would be nice if hotel websites would disclose fees like this ahead of time. I mean, if everyone pays the same fee, then it's essentially part of the cost of the room, right? You don't go to a restaurant and pay $5 for a burger, then after you've paid, get told you must pay $5 more for it to be served to you! This is just as dishonest. I could overlook the dirty room if the price had been rock-bottom cheap, and I could overlook the rip-off at the front desk if the room had truly been 3-star and luxurious. But this place loses out on both counts. Also, if you eat at the Fatburger restaurant in the casino, keep an eye on your burger. The first one I ordered was red (rare!!) inside, and when I returned it, the second one was pink (even after the cook &quot;made sure&quot; it was cooked thoroughly). That's not safe.	
Jan 21 2009	Texas Station - too much smoke!	Las Vegas is great! But Texas Station is a &quot;locals&quot; casino. As a result, you have a lot of locals (read: gangs of kids wondering around the food court at night.) Security was good in the hotel, but the area around it was not great. The room was about what I expected - nothing great but OK. We got an &quot;upgraded&quot; room on the 5th floor - it had a small refrigerator and microwave. I was on a trip with kids to a gymnastics competition so no gambling - but the casino area looked nice for an off the strip location. The real problem for me was cigarette smoke! When I walked in the front door the smoke was overwhelming. My eyes hurt the entire time I was in the lobby/casino.	
Jan 12 2009 	Terrific value!	Texas Station is simply a great stay in Las Vegas if you’re counting pennies. Although the complex sprawls in all directions, the hotel component is a modest and manageable 200 rooms. Self parking is right outside the door. Rooms are moderately spacious and functionally equipped. Don’t expect breathtaking views of the skyline or the mountains; most windows face adjacent walls, with just enough space to let in real light. My king bed was clean and comfortable, with four normal-sized pillows. A four-drawer dresser is provided, as is a round corner table on which you can eat, read, or compute. There’s a standard-issue TV and cheap clock radio, reliable wireless internet access, and an iron and full-size ironing board. The bathroom is large and clean, albeit somewhat Spartan. I would recommend bringing a bar of your favorite soap...the hotel bar looked fancy but had zero cleaning power.I’ve stayed in most of the large Strip hotels, and by comparison, Texas Station is amazingly quiet; generally it’s not the kind of place where loud mooks and their drunk girlfriends carouse up and down the halls and party in their rooms at all hours of the night.The casino spans a length of several city blocks; you could get a day’s exercise just walking its length five or six times. It’s spotless and comfy. The mostly-townie clientele is a mix of retirees and working class average Joes/Jills. A large percentage of the several-thousand slots are electronic models that allow you to play as little as a penny a spin, or up to $15 if you’re feeling flush and lucky. Although the table game area is relatively small, you’ll find most of your favorites, including an always-lively craps table with reasonable minimum (usually $5 days and weeknights). There’s also big poker room and a spacious bingo hall.The casino floor is ringed with a number of in-house restaurants and fast-food chains (Starbucks, Fattburger, Baja Fresh, Panda Express, Dairy Queen). There’s 24 hour dining and room service from 6am-11 pm daily. A particular value is the Feast Buffet, with multiple cuisines and good quality; usually maxing out at $11.99 ($9.99 if you’re a guest), it’s one of the best buffet bargains in town.Because it’s a family destination, there’s an entire section called Kid’s Quest, where you can park the under-12 year olds in their own snazzy daycare play/dining area. The complex also houses an 18-screen cinema and 60-lane bowling center.Located in North Las Vegas, Texas Station is a ten-minute ride to the center of the Strip most times except commuter rush hours (I’m including some handy driving directions in a separate comment). Unless you plan on staying in the facility your entire trip, you’ll need a rental car.There’s nothing flashy or glamorous about Texas Station. Facing increasing competition for local dollars and riding the downside of a shaky economy, they provide terrific value. The staff is friendly and helpful. If you’re in town for business or relaxation, have a car, and don’t need to impress associates or the girlfriend, I highly recommend it.PS: Search for online bargains. My three-night stay cost a total of $115.90!	
Jan 2 2009	Vacation with Family	My wife and I stayed at the hotel from November 22 through November 26, 2008. The hotel was very nice and comfortable, actually, better than what we expected. Considering that we traveled during the Thanksgiving season, it was much colder (40 – 50 degrees) than what we expected for Vegas, I was shocked. The hotel is inexpensive, especially if you book one to two months in advance. We paid $200 for a 4night/5day stay (because we booked one month in advance) and we felt it was an excellent price. We had double beds for just the two of us. The hotel was very pleasant and enjoyable but we did not have a chance to enjoy the pool. The hotel has several activities that will keep you busy, not to mention the slot machines on the main floor, a bingo hall, a pool and free parking. We especially enjoyed the all-you-can-eat buffet. I would not recommend eating it every day, but boy, was that food delicious. One tip, look for the coupon in the hotels newspaper, which provides a discounted rate of $6 for two people. We had a wonderful stay and would consider returning. Since this was our first visit to Vegas, we decided to mix our hotel stay between the Texas Station and the Hilton. We remained in Vegas until December 3, 2008. There was so much to do and see but we did not get a chance to do it all. We expect to return in the immediate future of 2009. Please see the photos my wife took.	
Dec 22 2008 	Discounted rate through Hotwire...	My wife and I drove down to North Las Vegas from Sparks, NV because of an employment interview and to also visit with some family in NW Las Vegas. I booked our stay at Texas Station through hotwire @ $30/night but a few hours later found a discount on orbitz @ $20/night at the same location so I submitted a &quot;double the difference&quot; claim. I'm still waiting to hear to back from hotwire.Our stay was from 12/17 to 12/21...we arrived late Wednesday afternoon while the Las Vegas area was experiencing an unusual snow storm. There was only one clerk at the front desk addressing an issue with another guest. We waited and waited until the clerk concluded that she was going to be with her guest for a bit longer. She excused herself and went off to locate another clerk which took about 10 minutes before she came back with a colleague to help us. Check in was quick but there was no apology for the wait. The clerk did explain that there would be a $10.85 hotel/resort service fee per day. We were told that this would take care amenities i.e. wifi or in room safe.We were assigned to a non smoking room 410 which was very clean, had a king size bed w/large bathroom, overlooked a small pool and parking garage. The house keeping service was great. They were in our room before 11am each day to tidy up.The gaming floor area was pretty large and also contained a bowling center, movie theatres, food court, upscale steakhouse restaurant, buffet, cafe and Starbucks. Coupons for breakfast/lunch discounts at the buffet and cafe can be cut out of the daily newspaper that is delivered to your room.All in all I found the Texas Station convenient and comfortable for the price that I paid. I would recommend that if you're from out of town, rent a car. This location is about 25 minutes away from the main strip.	
Dec 19 2008 	OK but couple of issues......	The hotel was OK, but make sure you ask for a room with a view! We had a lovely wall to look at! But we weren't in the room much. The hotel rates a general OK, it basic, but has everything you need, restaurants are good, plenty of bars etc. To say the locals love this place - there didn't seem many in there , the place lacked atmosphere. Luckily most of the time there was a bunch of our friends with us, but had we been there alone, it could have been a bit dull. It is quite a way from the Strip if you want to check that out during your stay, there are better hotels in the same price range nearer the strip.	
Oct 24 2008 	Local's love this place	Stayed here back in January for business. Good location for my business. Nice place. Ordinary rooms at a fair price. I was told that the local's love this place. There is a lot to do with everything there. What else can I say.	
Oct 14 2008 	Good restaurants a plus	My husband stayed here for business meetings and I joined him for a long weekend. Room was pretty basic, though the beds and pillows were comfortable. Bathroom in good condition except for slow-draining sink. There were only two, rather uncomfortable chairs in the room. A more comfortable chair would have been appreciated. The restaurants that we tried were good. The Italian restaurant, San Lorenzo, was very nice and had reasonable prices. We ate several times at the Texas Cafe, which had good prices and pretty good food. All wait staff was very pleasant, as was the front desk staff. Movie theater and bowling available on-site. Outdoor pool is small. Ample parking. Easy drive to the Las Vegas Strip.	
Oct 1 2008 	Amazing Value	Our visit to Las Vegas was primarily to be with family members who reside in the North Las Vegas area so we decided this time to try something away from the strip and a little closer to them. This hotel, upon arrival, was a total surprise. For one thing, it is just about as large as the strip hotels, nothing like the small roadside property we had expected. For once, the elevators and front desk were located near the front door. We are so accustomed to dragging our luggage through casinos to get to our room that this was a pleasant change. We didn't have the opportunity to sample the food in the hotel but our only complaint would be the lack of a coffee maker in the room and the fact the only place to find coffee in the morning is a Starbucks on the property.  This was a tremendous bargain and we will be returning to this property annually. Easy to get to, plenty of free parking, nice location.... only about 4 miles from the strip.	
Sep 9 2008 	Nice Casino/Food Offerings Rooms OK	This is a decent hotel for the money, especially if you want to gamble and are looking for a big casino with lower limits than you find on the strip. The casino floor I was told was the 2nd largest in Vegas next to MGM and there were many food offerings that cator to most every taste. From a nice steak house to Starbucks to fat burger and their buffet....there's a nice selection of choices.The only negative is you are off strip and the hotel rooms themselves are fairly basic. We came for a wedding where the reception was at TS and had stayed at the Mirage for 3 nights prior. They were about $15 cheaper than Mirage, but the rooms werent even close in quality.The pool is your small basic hotel pool on the small side, but clean...however if a pool is important to you this isnt really the place to be. If gambling is your game, TS offers a great casino experience. But if the strip hotels arent considerably more expensive I would choose them in a heartbeat, take the deuce downtown and gamble there while enjoying all the strip offers.Neighborhood is on the bad side but if you arent doing any night time walking it shouldnt matter and they have security in the parking ramp. Overall, good value if the stip is too costly as it is during some conventions and such. Casino is very good, many locals come here to do their gambing.	
Aug 22 2008 	Overall Okay Stay	We stayed at the Texas Station last week and I must say I was impressed with the overall service for the price we paid.Coming from a hospitality background, here is the real nitty gritty on this property.*The Front Desk agents were a hit or miss. The young lady that checked us in gave us an upgraded room at no charge. GREAT!!! All our requests were honored. Later on, another agent that checked our friend in was not the nicest in the world.*The room was okay. We got an accessible room, which we didn't mind. The only thing was that the shower curtain was so close to the shower head, you had absolutely no elbow room. Every other second you were trying to peel off the shower curtain from your body. This was so bothersome we ended up not using the shower curtain, hence causing the floor to get wet.Cleanliness in the room was not a problem. Our housekeeper Melinda was amazing. She was always on time and always had our room prepared by the time we got back. Walter, the Houskeeping Supervisor gave us a friendly call if we left our Do Not Disturb Sign to check if we would like our room done. A++++++for Housekeeping.*Food was at the buffet was good. Nothing out of this world.*Casino was certainly bigger than I expected. The pictures do it no justice. It was huge. The only down side was that whenever we wanted a drink, we felt we had to hunt down some of the waitresses. Some of them were even rude!*Only one small gift shop, so not much shopping. Althought the lady in the gift shop on Saturday Afternoon was extremely rude, like it was painful for her to smile.*Pool was small. Nice for a quick dip but nothing to write home about. Extra Tips:*This hotel is a bit off the strip so I would recommend renting a car. Taxi's are a bit expensive!*Book directly through the hotel, don't book through a third party. The hotel always has the cheaper rates. As you get closer to the date, go back to the website and check the rates again, a lot of the times the rates drop. We saved about $200 that way.Good Luck...Oh...and Vegas is REALLY HOT!!!!	
Jul 14 2008 	Customer Service: A+	Readers, the Texas Station is one of the friendliest places in Las Vegas. I am a veteran of 15 trips to LV, and the staff makes a great deal of difference. Here's the story:I was finishing the last leg of my 1700-mile drive to Las Vegas, right about lunchtime. I was due to check in downtown at 2PM, and it was 11 AM, so I picked a half-price buffet coupon from the American Casino Guide for a &quot;convenience-store-themed&quot; casino in town. After a 15-minute wait in line, the cashier pointed to a sign ten feet away, which read &quot;You must have your player's card to use any coupon.&quot; Aggravated, I left.I took I-15 up to Lake Mead, turning west to go to Texas Station, where I knew the buffet was great. There was no line, and the cashier asked for the PIN to the player's card I had brought from the last trip. I did not have a PIN, having been out of town for 6 months. She gave me the players' discount, ANYWAY! The buffet was outstanding; what was even better was the feeling that I was welcome. Texas Station went out of its way for me, when I was SO tired. After eating, I played in the clean, airy casino for an hour, before returning to downtown. I got a new card from the player's club window; ALSO very friendly! The hundred-play video poker paid for the lunch buffet and tip. I came back to play and eat three times at the Texas Station during the week before I actually checked in, all as a result of the friendly atmosphere.There was plenty of blackjack at the Texas, and the sports book is massive. Multiple baseball games on adjacent flat-screen TVs? Cool.The rooms at the Texas are clean and well-equipped; convenient to the casino, pool, buffet, and bowling alley. During the days I stayed at the Texas Station(one week after I arrived), I never left the premises. Prices are depressed in Las Vegas, so room rates were excellent, too. The pool was very small, but is OK for people-watching and a quick dunk. Parking is easy and shaded; I like the side lot(just South of the buildings)Texas Station is convenient if you drive or rent a car, but pretty far away if you rely on taxi service. It is at the corner of Rancho and Lake Mead, in North LV. Fiesta Station(ick) and a few local video poker joints are nearby. TS is also the best hotel close to Nellis AFB.I'll be staying at Texas Station again. Happy travels,Gene Padgett!	
Jun 9 2008 	First visit but not the last.........	First time stay at this particular Station casino, with previous stays at Boulder and Sunset . Texas ranks right in the middle of those two. The casino is huge, with 10/7 VP pay outs. Normally you can find $5 minimums on table games, or even $3 BJ. The hotel only has 200 rooms, but they are spacious and very clean, with amenities found in all Station hotel rooms. The pool is smaller than Sunset but still quite usable. Good food at the buffet. If you like the Orleans, Sam's Town or the Gold Coast, you'll feel right at home at Texas Station.	
May 31 2008 	Great Value with Theatre and Bowling Lane on Site!	Stayed here for a conference. A fairly big hotel/casino and tons of parking that seems to cater more to the close-by visitors than tourists. Surprisingly there were not that many people staying here during my trip and the place was quite quiet, comparing with the Strip.Rooms were very clean even the carpet was slightly tired. Furniture and bathroom were quite new and with basic amenities. Liked the morning paper as well as the easy setup WiFi.A few restaurants and a small food court were on site. Food was okay if you want something quick and simple. The 18-screen movie theatre was a plus and the 60-bowling lane (did close at around 1am) was a big bonus!Because of 2 conferences were going on, it cost us about $850 for 2 rooms and 4 nights with car rental, which was way more than they normally charge.Great place to stay as it has everything on location. It's also an excellent place to stay if you have a car and want to explore more than just the Strip such as Hoover Dam. For the conference I went to, it did take about 25 to 35 mins to drive to the south of Strip (MGM Grand) in morning &quot;traffic.&quot;	
Apr 18 2008	Good Value off the strip	Considering the price we paid ($36/night) from hotels.com, this was a steal. I was a little miffed that the hotel charged me a $5.99/night &quot;hotel service fee&quot; that was not included in the hotels.com price, but hotels.com refunded this to me when I called (so kudos to them). Wireless internet access is $11.99 per laptop per room. Texas Station is way off of the main strip in Vegas, and is targeted at an older crowd, but it was exactly what we were looking for. We don't gamble, so the less harried pace was actually ok with us. The beds were ok, but the pillows were way overstuffed for our taste. They have their own players card (like most casinos), and they give you a little bonus for signing up. I got $15 for signing up and my girlfriend got $3. So not bad. They have a really good buffet that we got for almost nothing (buy 1 get 1 free in the daily hotel newspaper and reduced price if you sign up for the players card. So $7.99 total cost for the 2 of us.) There are also many other restaurants in the rear like quiznos, salsa fresh, burgers, etc. One tactic made us laugh. When we checked in, they offered us an &quot;upgraded&quot; room. This basically only means you get a chocolate bar, a couple bottles of water, and some popcorn. That &quot;upgrade&quot; was $25! We declined and then they said they would give it to us since that is all they had. I'm pretty sure they just put that stuff in every room so they have the opportunity to catch a sucker here and there willing to pay $25 for popcorn. If you decline, then they make you feel special by giving you an &quot;upgrade.&quot; We had to laugh at that!	
Jul 29 2007 	Enjoyed my stay!	It was a nice hotel outside the &quot;strip&quot;. It was cozy, but also a bit loud especially in the lobby. It was big, clean and had everything. It's perfect for a short stay - but you will definitely need a car if you want to go places.	
Jun 13 2007	Good deal for the money and great for kids	My wife and I stayed here for one night. For $45 per night it was a very good deal. The room was clean; the bed was comfortable and the bathroom was huge.Plenty of family fun available. There's a movie theatre, day care and bowling alley in the hotel. There's also a zoo a few blocks away.Only negative was that they snuck a $5.00 facility charge on our bill, but even at $50 a night total, it was worth it.Recommend!	
May 4 2007	Warm in Texas!	I left the fridged Chicago lake front on 20 below morning and headed to sunny Las Vegas. My destination this time was The Texas Station. Remember this is a bit of a distance from the strip, so be sure to rent a car. Upon walking up to the check in counter I was greeted by a very nice young lady who new what she was doing and did it quickly [with a smile I might add]. The staff in the restraunts and on the floor were all very nice and seemed eager to please. Although not an overly fancy, the room was nicely appointed in a &quot;western&quot; motiff, and it was clean, well appointed and had an EXCELLANT king size bed that I was very comfortable in. I wouldn't want to take a stroll around the neighborhood at night but then I wasn't there to sight see anyway. All in all my Texas Station experience was very nice, affordable and warm.	
Mar 30 2007 	good place for a conference	Third trip to Texas Station for a conference. Great conference area with awesome catered meals. Casino is large but we didn't win much on the slots. VP seems to pay OK and we saw several Royal Flushes during the three days.Rooms are decently large and clean. Nothing fancy. Bed was comfortable although an extra pillow would have been nice. TV was large but the air conditioner was so loud that it was hard to hear (the neighbors called security on us one night at 11pm when we tried to turn in up loud enough to hear the news). Imagine that - getting busted by security in Vegas for a loud TV, of all things. That was pretty hilarious.The bathroom was considerably larger than I expected. The oval bathtub was recessed back into an alcove. There was a large vanity with a hair dryer, but they skimped on the toiletries and only gave me shampoo and lotion, nothing else. For $69 per night, we didn't expect too much. The only real downside to the hotel were the loud air conditioner, no view out the window - and I mean NO view, only a wall a few feet from the window and a closet &quot;alcove&quot;, which means just a rod with no door. The cafe is pretty good and the steakhouse is wonderful, albeit pricey. You need car to stay here since cabs take a while (there are no cab lines waiting here) and costs $30+ from the airport.	
Feb 21 2007	Don't Bother	I stayed at the Texas Station hotel and was annoyed with the whole experience!The computers shut down and prevented us from checking in for hours (no manual policies?), our reservation was lost, also had problems with room keys and had to have two keys changed before being able to get back into the room, additional charges not mentioned until check-out (and I'm not talking about movies or room service!), original signed receipt &quot;lost&quot; and new one printed with higher rates than agreed upon when first checking in with lost reservation. I asked the front desk clerk to please look again for the original receiot with my signature and she said it was probably filed incorrectly, rather than doing me the favor of taking another look. A week after checking out, my credit card was charged again for an &quot;unknown&quot; transaction, and the hotel manager never returned my phone calls regrdin the whole situation. Seems like a good deal at first, but not worth the hassle in the end!	
Nov 7 2006 	Worked for us!	The hotel room was clean, maid service was GREAT! The bathroom sink drainage was very loud as well as the toilet. The front desk personnel was adequate, but unfriendly. Check out via the TV was unavailable and neither was front desk personnel at 3a.m. The valet service was virtually non-existant with no porters to help with your baggage. You get what you pay for. We enjoyed our stay, nonetheless!	
Jun 6 2006	Good Clean Hotal	Having stayed at both hotels on and off strip, this is defineatly one of the better ones. The rooms were clean comfortable and modern. It might be smaller that other hotels, but has a good range of places to eat and even a food court. There is only one downside to this hotel, they DON'T run a shuttle to the strip.	
Oct 26 2005	Nice off-Strip facility	First, the Room...Clean and modern. Think of a nice Hampton Inn or Fairfield Inn and this would be comparable. The beds were comfortable, the pillows very fluffy and the a/c was ice cold. This is not a large hotel, as most of the business is related to the casino. The pool was very small and located almost in the parking lot. Don't stay here if you are looking for the grand and luxurious Suites of the Mirage and Bellagio.Second, The Casino...Texas Station is way way off the Strip and Freemont Street. They cater to the local crowd, so you can get cheap table limits and good food for reasonable prices. They have a large Sports Book, very large Bingo hall and a decent Poker room. There is a food court area with Fatburger, Quiznos, Panda Chinese and a few other sites. They also have an Oyster Bar, buffett and cafeteria. I saw signs for a Movie Theater and bowling center, but did not make it into that area. This is a very big facility.Lastly, The location...There is nothing of note within sight or short drive of Texas Station, but it is right across the street from the Executive Airport (North Vegas). With no traffic, this is about a 15-20 minute drive from the Strip area. I stayed here while on a golfing trip, so it was easy to get to the various neighborhood courses. I would not even think of staying here if you don't have a car, or you will have nothing else to do and no other options than what the hotel offers. Overall, if you don't want the glitz and glamour (or the high prices) of the Strip, then this is for you. This is part of the Station chain of casinos, with about 5-10 locatoins in the greater Vegas area.	
Jun 26 2005	Texas Station is a favorite!	This was my 4th trip to Texas Station and as usual it was wonderful! I enjoy the feel of the Station hotels. The staff is always friendly and helpful. My room was ready early each trip. Check in was quick. The room is your average hotel room. Clean and no visible wear and tear. I ate at the Oyster Bar once agian and wasnt dissapointed. The casino has a nice feel as it isnt too big. I signed up for their card and it gave me an extra few dollars to play with in the slots. This hotel does seem to have a lot of local traffic as it is in North Las Vegas and a bit of a drive to the srtip. I would think that families would do fine here with the movies and arcade right in the hotel. I would recomend it to anyone!	
Feb 1 2005	Outstanding!!	We were very satisfied with The Texas Station Gambling Hall and Hotel. It was clean, spacious and very welcoming. We used the Public Transportation System CAT and went everywhere. We rode that awesome Canyon Buster roller coaster at Circus Circus! We had the best pina colada ever on top of the Stratsphere. Austin's Restaurant at the Texas was an amazing treat, a perfect meal. We made our reservations through Travelocity. We can't wait to return!!	
Nov 11 2004 	good service rooms just OK great value	We recently held a conference at Texas Station and were quite pleased with the outcome. No, this isn't the Venetian, but at $50 per night, it was a great deal and the service was excellent. The conference center here is just beautiful - much more elegant than the casino or hotel, and we were the only business that day, so we were treated like royalty.The casino is a good 20 minute cab ride from the airport, so be prepared. And leave plenty of time to return - no cabs come out this way and they have to call them at the valet stand. Better to rent a car than rely on cabs.The hotel rooms are very plain, but seemed clean and comfortable enough. The bedding could be more comfy, in my opinion. I like extra pillows and had to call for more. The bathroom is just typical, but water pressure and temperature in the shower were both good. The hotel was quiet and the elevators are located right off the casino floor. Be warned that second floor rooms are actually on the bottom floor - a little confusing. The cafe had great food and was very well priced. There is a Starbucks in the casino, as well as a Krispy Kreme and a food court. There was also a huge movie theater, even though we saw no one go in the entire time (it was the middle of the week, however). The casino seemed to be paying here and there but I didn't see any large jackpots. The poker machines had decent pays. Lots of locals here, so afternoon traffic is expected. Evenings are slower. Maybe weekends are different. I would stay here again (especially with an event in the conference center) but would not recommend it for first time visitors since it is so far from the strip or downtown.	
May 18 2004	Nice place except for the rooms	Upon check-in you are hit with a $1.00 per day charge for local calls no matter if you make any calls at all. Also hit with an energy surcharge of $3.82. Check in clerk checked in other guest before me even though I was next in line. Room was huge, nice TV and very nice on the surface. An opened bottle of soda was left right next to the night stand from the previous guest. I had the unfortunate experience of checking under the bed.....FILTHY!!!!!! It had not been cleaned under the bed or behind the night stands in over 6 months. I called the front desk to let the manager know about the filthy room and he said he would let housekeeping know about that problem. Well the room was still filthy when I left 6 days later. This was a no smoking room but one could smell someone smoking a pipe. Plus there were ashes all over the hallway. Shower and bathroom were great. Towels were nice and fluffy.For two days there was no bars of soap or shampoo left in the room. However, for two days there were cleaning rags left in the room. Upon checking with other people I knew that were staying at the hotel they said the same thing happened to them and they all reported their rooms were filthy under their beds.The Cafe was wonderful. The staff there knew how to take care of a guest. The waitress for the early morning breakfast went out of here way to make sure everything was perfect. The buffet was interesting....I walked by where the clean silverware and napkins were kept....hmmm...a few dirty dishes sitting on top of the silverware. When I let the hostess know that this was a health violation she immediately took care of the situation. All of the fast food places: Fat Burger, Panda Express, Baja Fresh, plus 2 others were very good and reasonable priced. The 18 movies theatres were great. Finally, the 60 lane bowling alley was nice too. Overall a good experience and I would recommend this Hotel Casino EXCEPT housekeeping does need to get their act together and quickly. 	
May 10 2004	Texas Station is a great hotel/casino	We have been to Texas Station (stayed and played) 3 times now and we feel it's a great value. The staff is always very nice, the rooms are large, clean and comfortable, and access is so easy from the hotel to the casino! The location requires a rental car, and you shouldn't come here if you want a fancy place or a big pool.....only if you want a nice room with great gambling! Lots of full-pay machines, all types of slots, and big casino, not too smoky....movie theater, bowling alley, bingo, lots of food options and the buffet is one of the best in town...omelettes made to order for brunch are the tops! When you get tired of the strip, try this place. It's very comfortable.	
Nov 29 2003	Great value even by Vegas standards but be warned...	Paid $20 per night Sun-Wed and found the room (and the hotel in general) very clean and well maintained, with a very large bathroom. The hotel has a good selection of both fast food and sitdown eateries. The casino has $5 single-deck blackjack and $3 craps. This is an outstanding room value in a city known for cheap rooms. We will likely stay here on future trips to Vegas.Having said that, be warned that this is North Las Vegas and the neighborhood is not quite of the Mr. Roger's variety. Don't get me wrong, my wife and I had no problems during our stay, and never for a moment did we feel uncomfortable. We patronized several stores and the gas station in the immediate area. On balance, this area is no more intimidating than Downtown. But the short drive on Rancho Ave. from the 95 freeway to the hotel provided us with a view a of a large, empty lot that appeard to be very popular with the local outdoor drinking community. We never saw anyone actively drinking as we passed (always by car - the hotel is only a short drive to the Strip or Downtown, but it's too far for walking), but a very large pile of bottles indicated a definite indifference to collecting the remdemption value. If this sort of thing gives you pause, I would suggest a hotel on the Strip.	
Sep 4 2003	Best of Las Vegas!	This was the first time we stayed away from the Strip or Downtown. I was quite apprehensive; but I was pleasantly surprised with the Texas Station. The staff was wonderful, the restaurants and food outlets were great-especially thought that the buffet was a good value. We learned that the rooms were recently renovated and they were beautiful. A great value for the money. Casino was large without being over-whelming. The dealers and pit managers were the nicest we have ever encountered, and the points program is probably the greatest in the area. The best of the Station casinos. Cant wait to go back to Vegas, and to stay at the Texas Station!	
Sep 2 2003	The only place to Stay in Las Vegas!!!!	By far, the Texas Station was the best place we have stayed in Las Vegas! They recently remodeled their rooms, and they are wonderful. Standard sized; but with new furniture, pillowtop mattresses; great bathrooms with oversized oval tubs...great room for the money. The staff is nothing stort of excellent; never did I encounter anyone without a smile and a willingness to help. The Casino staff is the best in Vegas. They seem to be having a good time, and they are super friendly. Go in the early mornings...the craps table guys were the best! Taught us everything we know! And be sure to sign up for the &quot;boarding pass&quot;. Its a great comp program. I was beginning to get tired of Vegas; all the noise and traffic and people EVERYWHERE. But now I cant wait to go back, and to stay at the Texas Station!!!!! Its quiet without being boring; and I cant speak highly enough about it!	
May 23 2007 	Bastante bien		
