Nov 24 2009 	GOOD BUT WITH NOTES	A very pleasant place to stay overall, and we were there a week. Clean and neat. I will list the shortcomings and other than that it was all perfect. No free internet. You can attend a time share meeting and get it free, but otherwise it was $5/day for a wireless hook-up. We stayed in Tower 5 because we asked at check-in where the nicest rooms were, and since this is the new building they directed us there. We were at the end of the long hall on the 7th floor. There is limited parking close to the one elevator, but it is first come and goes fast. Unless you stay in the room all the time you will return at times and have to use their free parking garage. This parking garage is at the opposite end of Tower 5's elevator, and you will have a walk of about 150 yards each way which was a pain to deal with all week. Staff was friendly, but maintenance was invisible. Our room was missing a hair dryer, and when we asked for one (twice) we finally were told they were ordering more and we never did get one.The lazy river was nice, but in November the building blocks the sun on most of it and that made it pretty cool in the shady fall air. We had to pay for an innertube and that was disappointing as it would cost them nothing to throw this in for free. Good location on the strip, but out of the hussle, but within fast striking distance.We would stay there agin.	
Nov 11 2009 	2 Days Gettaway!!	Just returned home from a short 2 days gettaway here.A nice quiet place this time of the season at the end of the south strip just past that famous welcome to las vegas sign.Room is clean &quot;smells like raid?&quot; but found bunch of hair underneath the bathroom sinks.Turned central a/c up few hours later the raid smells almost gone.Tile and wood floor looks clean but bit dusty by our standard mayby we dont wear shoes indoor.all of the employees in the hotel were nice and professional enough for us not have any complains.Nice looking pool,jacuzzi and lazy river but this time of year its too cold out no one is using.Parking is free and very accessible to your room location.No free internet service,this blows!! From this location to MGM Grand only 5 mins driving 25mph but do watch out for vegas local drivers bunch of &quot;Idi0ts &amp; [--]&quot;!!! Anyway..this is a nice hotel for the price paid definately 4 star for tahiti village resort to other same comparison.	
Oct 20 2009 	Mixed Emotions both good and bad	We travelled to Las Vegas Oct 10-17 for our anniversary. We chose to stay at Tahiti village. We are timeshare owners at Westgate and wanted to stay on the strip. I called Tahiti village twice and condolidated Resorts once to request a room with either a view of the strip, a view of the pool, or a view of the lazy river ride. Although I was told that room requests are not guaranteed I was told by 2 separate employees that it should not be a problem. Upon check in, we were given a room in tower 2 on the 4th floor, view was of a parking lot, Dennys, and a motel that looked a little questionable. I asked if we could be moved and I was told that everything was sold out and to check back. Upon arrival at the condo, it looked nice. The bads: the couch was very, very uncomfortable, the telephone in the living room did not work, the light in the bathroom worked intermittently, there wasnt dish clothes or dish towels to do dishes and the kitchen was poorly stocked. After asking for 3 days, the staff was able to assist us in moving to &quot;get a view&quot;... We were moved to bldg 5, room 5360,,, This was the best.. everything was new and updated, the couch was comfy, the view was amazing (lazy river and the strip), kitchen was properly stocked, etc. Outside of the room, the grounds were amazing; beautiful and well maintained. For the most part, the staff was friendly and tried to be helpful, minus one or two at the front desk. The only other minor problem that we had, we were charged $9.99 for some internet thing that apparently works through the tv. Neither myself or my husband used the thing and we were charged but did not use it. I'm not quite sure what happened but my husband was playing with a keyboard and I'm guessing that had something to do with it. The staff refused to refund the charges, if it would have been more than $10.00 I probably would have fought the charge, but it wasnt worth the aggravation. In conclusion, I would definately recommend the place if you could be guaranteed a unit in phase 2, bldg 5 but WOULD NOT RECOMMEND it if you were staying in phase 1, bldg 2	
Oct 14 2009 	Best place for families! Just booked a return vacation for spring break	My Husband and I had been to Vegas a couple of times before and stayed at the Luxor. We had walked the strip and seen many people with young children there and stated to each other that we would NEVER bring our kids around that atmosphere.... SO, when we decided to bring them to Vegas &quot;egg on my face&quot; we wanted to have a place to escape the Vegas.Tahiti Village was just that. It was clean, well kept and just an amazing place. So much so we have just booked another week this coming Spring Break.As a family we try to vacation at least once a year, we have been to Disneyland, Hawaii, and Mexico and I would pick Vegas over all of them now! It was relaxing for us as well as the entertainment around was top notch!So much to do with kids - at the resort the pools are great! Totally staffed with lifeguards (most of which I don't know are qualified to be Lifegaurds).Only problem was Adults taking glass wear into the lazy river and it having to be shut down 2 times to clean it out.We stayed in a Moorea. It is the smallest unit Tahiti Village has to offer but fit us just fine.We are now going back to stay in a 2 bedroom and can't wait.Book here you won't be disapointed!!!Our kids are age 7 and 10 and had the most amazing vacation can't wait to go back.	
Oct 14 2009 	I would highly recommend Tahiti village to anyone visiting the Las Vegas area.	-The staff was very helpful-Housekeeping when called was at our room in a matter of minutes.-Def. highlight was having a shuttle to and from strip in Vegas, saves you big money.-Gorgeous place to stay-A++++ rating overall	
Oct 14 2009 	Great resort! Will go back for sure!!	Just got back a few days ago and had a great time. My family owns a timeshare at Tahiti Village so we got a great deal for the week. We stayed in Tower 5 on the 8th floor. Just had a single room which was very spacious for the 4 of us. We had a nice view of the lazy river from our balcony. They offer a shuttle bus to the strip that leaves every half an hour. The bus has stops at the Tropicana and Treasure Island. The only thing with the bus that we didn't enjoy was that the bus last pick up is at 12:30 AM. But it's not the worst thing in the world, if you stay out late you'll just have to take a cab. The resort is right next to the airport, but suprisingly you dont hear anything from your room. We could hear them from the pool, but not a big deal. The pool area is very nice, and they allow you to bring in food and drinks. No glass, although someone had, and ended up breaking it in the pool. So that was 3 days of no pool because they had to drain, clean and refill it. Some people like to ruin it for others. But I would go back to Tahiti Village again. Great location right next door to the outlets. Very close to Walmart and other shopping. I would recomment this hotel to anyone. Great time. The people who have bad reviews on here dont know what they are talking about. This is a timeshare so like any other timeshare your room doesnt get cleaned every day, only once a week. These are more like condos, than hotel rooms. And yes you may be asked to go to a sales pitch, dont go then. There is no suprise that they want you to buy, so there will be pressure. Oh one bad thing- when we got our room cleaned they forgot a couple of things so we had to call twice to get someone to come back and bring the missing towels, soap ect.	
Oct 13 2009 	Couldn't have been any better!	This was my second trip to Tahiti Village. I loved it the first time &amp; I loved it the second! Our room was lovely and spacious, beds were comfortable, it was very quiet and we slept great. The staff was helpful and very friendly. We were there 4 days, and really didn't need maid service during that time, so didn't miss it. Plenty of towels to last the two of us. We did need some soap, but just ask one of the maids one morning in the hall, and she gave us some from her housekeeping cart. The lazy river is to die for! Get your innertube and float all day. It's so relaxing. (and, yes, there is a $3.00/day charge for the innertube, but who cares?) It was great to be at such a quiet and peaceful place during the day, then go to the noisy and fun casinos at night. (By the way, the free shuttle to the strip is very convenient and the drivers are helpful.) All in all, it was a great time (again!) and I'll definitely go back.	
Oct 12 2009 	Fantastic	The Tahiti Village staff were gracious host and hostesses and tried to accomondate our every need for ie., extra towels, extra beds, etc., Six middle-age women out to celebrate a 50th birthday in Las Vegas, I hated to leave. The Laguna, waterfalls, and sauna are relaxing and refreshing. The location is off the strip (so you get peace and quiet to recoup from the casino noise and traffic), there is a shuttle but we ofted for a limo to take us in style. I particularily commend the housekeeping staff - for managing to keep the facilities clean despite a few unruly younger guests.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great trip	We were in Las Vegas for a wedding and booked a 2 bedroom suite, which is actually 2 sepate suites with adjoing door. It was great to have so much room, and a full kitchen to cook when you didn't want to spend the time and money going out.Check in was very quick. Since it is a timeshare vacation resort they offered a tour, but were not pushy when I told them we would contact them if we were interested. We had alot of plans while we were there. They gave us free gifts and show tickets anyway.The airport is very close, but we were not bothered by the noise They resort is very large and the parking lot a good distance, but so is every other resort in vegas. We were able to stop and drop off people and luggage very close to our building.The grounds and pool are great. We spent 2 afternoons playing basketball and lounging at the pool. Very relaxing.The restraunt is good, early dinner 2-for-1 specials. Large portions and tasty.It is a few miles to the strip, but we appreciatetd the quiet and the shuttle and taxi worked fine for us if we didn't want to drive.We are planning a trip to Vegas in February 2010 and are planning on staying at Tahiti Village again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Hotel!	We had a group of 4 traveling to Las Vegas for a special birthday occasion. We decided to try the Tahiti Village based on the recommendation of another friend. The hotel is actually a time-share, which is the only real downfall of this place. We booked it as a hotel, and told them we weren't interested in the time-share, and they didn't push it too hard, but there were tours constantly going on, so the place was quite crowded. Our rooms, which were very nice- perfect for families- were on the same floor as the meeting center for the time-share meetings, so our hallways were always crowded. But getting past the time-share, we had a wonderful stay. The rooms are very clean, and comfortable. They are not luxurious, but have everything you would need. Our units were the one bedroom units. They had a kitchenette, living area, bathroom and bedroom. A lot of space for just the 2 of us in each room. The hotel is very easy to find on Las Vegas Blvd, just south of the strip. There is shuttle service provided by Tahiti Village, or ample parking if you have a car. The pool area is wonderful. There are two swimming areas- the beach pool which has an actual sand beach and a lazy river. Both are great fun. Overall, I would stay there again and again, with or without my kids.	
Oct 6 2009 	Excellent great place to enjoy your time in Vegas!	My husband and I recently spent 5 days/4 nights in Vegas with my sister and her husband at Tahiti Village. Our daughter is an owner and she made our reservations. We stayed in the Bora Bora unit which had the bedrm suite with bath and the kitchen/dining/living room combo. It has a king bed and queen sofa. The queen sofa was very nice to sleep on. The biggest thing that we all enjoyed was the jacuzzi tub, which is big enough for two and the steam shower, both were very nice. The photos that you see of this resort are exactly what you seeIf you choose to book a room here you should know:1. Internet... there is no internet in the rooms, but you can connect in a small area by registration or go to Denny's which is on site2. Parking... It is pretty hard to get a parking spot around the towers of the resort, but there is a parking garage and you can enter Tower 5 which is a short walk. They have security that checks it regularly. They called us one nite to tell us we had left our lights on the car.3. Shuttles... they give you a shuttle schedule when you check in and it is quite flexible and the wait isn't bad4. Staff... I read a few reviews that were critical. We found that to be untrue, everyone we dealt with were very friendly and helpful. We ask for extra towels, sheets, coffee, etc. and they were very promt to make sure we had what we needed.5. House keeping... if you are expecting daily housekeeping you will be disappointed. This is not a hotel/motel. You're on your own, unless you spend more the 7 days and then they come in on day 3 or 4 and clean. If you place the trash out in the hall in the mornings they will pick it up and as i said up above, if you need anything...ASK6. Noise... this is in the path of planes taking off and landing, but the only time we really heard anything was when we had the doors of the room open or we were out side and it didn't bother us at all. You are going to hear these sounds no matter where you are in Las VegasWe enjoyed the lazy river, the pool and the hot tub. The hot tub could get a little crowded, but it is open 24/7. AND you will find sand in the pool and hot tub, after all there is a sand beach which is great and it is a tahitian decor. We just went with the theme and had a great time!!!!	
Oct 5 2009 	Great rooms - poor service	Physically this is a great place to stay. The rooms and all facilities are beautiful and well-maintained. Too bad this attitude of top quality did not extend to the staff. Upon check-in we were greated by a blank stare from the lady at the front desk. Her facial expressions varied from disinterest to total disdain over the course of our short interaction. We were prepaid, prebooked and easy to please as well as remaining friendly and cheerful regardless of the service. A credit card was requested for incidentals but the staff neglected to tell us it is Tahiti Village policy to automatically charge this card $50 and refund the balance not used within 5 - 7 working days after checkout. Every piece of literature about Tahiti Village stresses the frequent shuttles to the strip that make the location (not on strip) not a factor. This is apparently based upon the whims of hotel staff and does not adhere to any set schedule. At 6pm on Friday night we walked to the front desk and asked when the next shuttle to the strip would be arriving. The staff (once again no facial expression) informed us that it was not until after 9pm. When asked about the promises of frequent shuttles to the strip they shrugged at us and turned their backs. While there was no shuttle to be seen a line of taxis waiting for customers made me wonder about the possibility of kickbacks to the front desk staff for customers?	
Oct 2 2009 	overall a fungreat place-IGNORE the winers!	Had trepidations about staying here after reading some other reviews. Some of those complaints I suppose were legit, but many were very petty,especially considering all the wonderful facilities Tahiti Village offers. We stayed for 5 days. The pool and especially the river were terrific with beautiful landscaping all around. The rooms were exactly what we've come to expect from a 4+ star resort (we own 7 weeks of time share,all premier or 5 star,and travel extensively). The location is great,just south of Mandalay Bay,with easy access to the strip via the backroads or I 15(beware the construction all around the periphery of the strip). To be sure,wireless access should be free and readily available in a resort of this caliber,but a quick walk to a corner near the lobby allows access to Dennys wifi. Within walking distance: Dennys,an onsite restaurant,Dunkin Donuts,huge outlet mall,fast food,Outback--and on &amp;on. Parking very close to the units IS limited,but they have a parking garage that is less distance than walking thru some of the casinos! We had a car,so didn't use the shuttle,but it was utilized by alot of people who apparently had no trouble reading the schedule. No problems with, or attitude from staff. We've stayed at 4-5 other premier resorts in Vegas(Hilton,Marriot,Polo)-all were very good-Tahiti Village from our experience measured up well. Enjoy the wonderful laid back atmosphere, and IGNORE the petty stuff! We will be back no question.	
Oct 2 2009 	resort away from the strip - - can't tell you're in Vegas	My friend's mom had a time-share discount so we stayed here for only $80 USD/night. The room was nice and we had a kitchenette. The pool was nice and I liked there was a Denny's nearby where they gave us coupons in a booklet. It was near the Deuce bus top and the outlet mall but quite far from the strip and closer to the airport. I guess we saved money but it seemed like we were on the Deuce for so long and it took like an hour to get anywhere since the traffic on the strip is so bad. I think next time I'd stay at the Luxor or the Bellagio, somewhere more central even though anywhere you stay it's a long walk anywhere you want to go. The drinks are cheap on Fremont St. so you're almost better off staying in downtown Vegas near Fremont, get your cheap drinks and then head to the Strip if you want to experience the night scene. The service here was just acceptable. Nothing out of the ordinary.	
Sep 20 2009 	A beautiful tropical resort away from the strip with no casinos	The property is beautiful. A tropical paradise with a beautiful pool and lazy river. Drinks were expensive, so best to take your own. It's about 3 miles from the strip not far from a mall, places to eat and a grocery store. They provide shuttle drops and pick-ups from the resort to several places on the strip. Very good price if you are an Interval member. Much less than anyplace on the strip. If you are looking for food, the only thing on the property that is affordable is Denny's. However across from the parking garage at the mall are several eating places that we discovered the last day.	
Sep 18 2009 	Stay Very Far Away From Here!	We exchanged a week from our Cabo San Lucas timeshare and I had no reason to not like this place before we got here. What a difference! It cost us $380 FOR A WEEK AND WAS WORTH ABOUT HALF THAT! This was business for my wife and &quot;leisure&quot; for meAs reported by previous reviewers, the front desk is a disaster and full of the most unhelpful people imaginable. The first bad news...Internet service is $10.00/day. (but our unfriendly (AND APPARENTLY HARD OF HEARING) front desk type told me $10/wk. Are you kidding me? Free Wifi is all over the place in $39 rooms everywhere. After finding out that the front desk clerk had misinformed me, I complained to the front desk manager, and she sweetly offered that if I brought my laptop down to the end of the hallway, I might be able to find a wifi hotspot. Or I could walk a block to McDonalds. (She claimed that the homeowners association was responsible for the current system.) Give me a break. Oh well, the room was very nice. Really, very nice. We go to the pool (which requires a room key to get into) Ask for a towel, towel boy says show me your room card (which is now on the far side of the pool). Dude! How do you think I got in here? He finally relents. Also there is a $3 charge to use the vinyl inner tubes required to float the &quot;Lazy River&quot; pool. Next day, go to the onsite convenience store. Ask to charge the $15 to my room. Clerk says, do you have a room charge card? Ummmm no, just a room key. &quot;Well you need to go to the front desk to get a room charge card&quot;. Hmmm we had to leave a credit card on file for room charges already. Oh thanks for telling me that when I checked in front desk. Would I need one for the lazy river pool? I didn't bother to find out.Well at least they were busy at the spa, robo-calling me every day with an almost unintelligible message about the $10 off deal (but first I need to spend $100). It must suck to be an employee with a talent and have to make dialing for dollars calls. Daily throw-away ads for pizza joints and the like offsite under the door also made us feel very special. Went to the onsite restaurant/bar but turned back in the elevator by 2 parties who both were complaining about service and quality.Maid service MIA one day (the only day we really needed it).Right under the flight path at McCarran, which is no big deal to me, I like aviation and the rooms were very quiet unless you opened the door. It gets noisy at the pool.Come back after 10 one night, and there are no parking places in front of the building, but there's an acre of pavement just 250 feet away. No problem, we park there and the next morning there's a notice on the windshield from &quot;security&quot; that this is a CONSTRUCTION ZONE and I can't park there. Excuse me? Where the heck is all the construction going on? I've been here 5 days and there hasn't been a single shovel turned or any other evidence that I could possibly be in the way. The alternative place to park is on the other side of the 25 acre property. You've got an acre of parking within 250' of my room So give me a real place to park or leave me alone with your notices. by this point, I'm so pissed off at the management, I can barely see straight.Out of the 30 or so face to face with employees, about 6 looked us in the eye and greeted us. We're salespeople, we smile at everyone and usually say hello. I even greeted them in Spanish where it seemed appropriate.So now we come to the final straw. They have this TV in the room that also serves as an internet connection if you don't have your own laptop. (For which you had better have brought your own cable.) There is a controller for the TV that looks like a wireless keyboard and it stops functioning properly. It's the only way I have to control the TV and it's very clumsy. Grab it and go down to the front desk to exchange it. Oh No! It's the &quot;I'm not listening to anything you say&quot; clerk that checked us in. She keeps referring to the keyboard as &quot;the internet&quot; to the maintenance guy. I keep trying to tell her it's the keyboard controller to the TV set, she can't be bothered to listen to me for even 5 seconds. I look around the lobby at knowing glances from other guests. I raise my voice to see if that is going to work and she points to a camera and tells me to stop threatening her. ??????? I assume by threatening her she means expecting service from her. After her little tirade though I'm thinking about really getting in her face. The maintenance guy shows up. She takes him behind the counter in the office (I'm sure to explain to him what an evil person I am). He's great, he's fabulous! And he comes to the room and asks where the TV remote is. TV remote, you mean like an actual TV remote? He starts looking and comes up with one stuffed behind a boom-box on an upper shelf with doors on the front. Nice job hiding it housekeeping, I never would have found it there, Heck I didn't even know there was a boom-box there either. You Rock Jorge!So, if you actually pay money for this place after reading the last few reviews, it's your funeral. I will never come back here. Next time, I'll sleep in my car.	
Sep 18 2009 	We were impressed with Tahiti Village	I was surprised at how clean the facility was. I was there the last week of August for one whole week and I will definitely return. I used my exchange to visit Tahiti Village. We had the smallest room in Tower 5, which was good enough for the 5 people in my party. The only negative that they don't tell people about the small room is that there is not a stove! Only a microwave which makes a difference if you wanted to make breakfast! I traveled with 2 children, one was three years old and the other was 11 years old. The 3 yr. old enjoyed and loved the sandy beach area of the main pool. My older daughter had a great time playing volley ball at the main pool with different people she would meet. The resort was constantly packed but not to the point that we didn't enjoy it. I really don't have any negative comments about the place other than the Laundry Room. If you are planning on washing in the Laundry Facility &quot;Don't!&quot; They have 4 washing machines and 4 dryers for all of the facility to use and while we were there only one of each was working which was extremely horrible! Other than that the staff is great and the cleaning crew was very attentive and hospitable to our needs.	
Sep 16 2009 	Mixed feelings...resort great service horrible	We were guests of owners via Consolidated Resorts. We stayed in building 5, ground floor room right near the BBQ area. I normally don't like ground floor rooms, but it made for easy access and good people watching. We had the &quot;Royal Tahitian&quot; room, which was basically the studio and the one bedroom units combined. Very clean, nicely decorated. We stayed in the studio unit side (aka Moorea) and kept the doors between the 2 units open. The grounds and the pools were absolutely wonderful! You did not feel like you were in Las Vegas, the greenery was so lush. The main pool can get very crowded at times and chairs can be scarce, but the mood is very relaxed and happy.Downside: 1) DO NOT LOSE YOUR SAFE KEY OR YOU WILL BE CHARGED $75!! Even though the guest book says they retumble your lock and replace your key, this is not the case. It took maintenance almost 2 hours to arrive at my room, and when they got there, all they did was give me a replacement key. For this key, I was charged $75. $75 for a key????? That's ridiculous!!! 2) Do not assume that all shuttles go back to Tahiti Village. Only one does, and that picks up at Tropicana. We had to wait 20 minutes at Treasure Island for the shuttle, then another 30 minutes on the bus to only be taken to Tropicana, where we had to wait another 20 minutes for the Tahiti shuttle home. Over an hour wait to go back to the Village is unacceptable; I’d rather take a cab and pay the money!3) The cleaning people came the 4th day to clean our suites, and left the pile of dirty towels on the floor of the master bedroom.4) Without the other unit having a patio, we would have felt like we were in a cave because the Moorea studio had only one window. The bathroom sink vanity area in Moorea had very little counter space also. I almost felt deprived compared to the sprawling counter space in the other unit's bathroom!5) The main kitchen was sparsely supplied. Not saying I blame the company because I'm sure there is theft, but it made for some very frustrating food preparing with lack of supplies. We had to call the front desk and have them send more kitchen supplies to our room.Like other's mentioned below, this facility is great. The service...not so much.	
Sep 14 2009	TAHITI VILLAGE WORST PLACE EVER!!!! BEWARE! DO NOT STAY HERE!	Where do I start? Well, like many other people, I looked up the reviews first and saw some positive and some negative reviews. But still decided to stay here and make my own opinion. Let's see, check in is at 4:00pm and check out is at 10:00am., giving them a whole 6 HOURS to turn over rooms. Well, we got there at 4:20pm to check in. Their front desk people, who have no business working there with their lack of hospitality and customer service skills, told me that our room was not ready yet. Okay, &quot;when will it be ready?&quot;, I said. &quot;I'm not sure, housekeeping hasn't released it yet. Did you get a phone call from us saying that your room was ready?&quot; &quot;No, it's after 4pm (check in time), I just assumed it was ready.&quot; &quot;Well, we'll call you when it's ready.&quot; When will that be?&quot;, I said. &quot;Maybe 20 or 30 minutes. You can go to the pool in the mean time.&quot; &quot;With what key?&quot;, I said. &quot;Don't you have a key?&quot; &quot;NOOOO, when was I suppose to get a key?&quot; So they gave me a key and maybe 15 minutes later, I got the &quot;phone call&quot;. Got my room key and went on my way. We got to the room and at first glance was impressed with the size. But as soon as my son got in the shower, my impression of this &quot;hotel&quot; went further downhill. The tub would not drain. Somehow the stopper was not working so you would have to hold it up to let the water drain. So when we took showers, we took baths too. Then, we picked up the TV remote controls and they were filthy! They had dried on crust all over the buttons! We decided not to complain and just go about our stay. Next day, I went to make some coffee only to clean up the mess it made. The water leaked out from everywhere. All over the counter. The water didn't even make it in the pot. On check out morning, my husband tooked down our belongings to the car and I waited in the room. At 9:45am (check out is 10:00am), housekeeping was already knocking at the door. What! Are you kidding me? On top of all the stuff that's been happening, you're kicking us out earlier! We left, not complaining once, but vowing never to stay there again. Well, I thought nightmare with &quot;Tahiti Village&quot; was over until I saw my C.C. account and noticed that I was being billed from Tahiti Village. Without hesitation, I called them right away. They said that I made 2 long distance calls on the day I checked in. ARE YOU KIDDING ME??? I told this person that I didn't even touch the phone let alone make 2 long distance calls! She said that's what the report says and they can't do anything about it. I calmly said that she needs to get me somebody that CAN do something about it. She put me on hold for 20 MINUTES! Nobody ever picked up. I had to hang up. I called back later and right away said that I needed to speak to a manager. I actually got someone quickly and explained the situation. She pulled the report and confirmed what I already knew. &quot;You made 2 long distance calls on the day you checked in.&quot; No I didn't. We did not touch the phone. She said that maybe someone else in the room used it and I didn't know about. Again, I said no, my son, husband or myself DID NOT touch the phone. I told her that our stay was not pleasant and we did not complain about it. And now to be charged for something that I KNOW we did not do is not right. Well, she said, &quot;we'll go ahead and issue a refund since it's not a big amount................&quot;, she could have stopped right there but then he said, &quot;But next time, you better watch your kid because he probably did it.&quot; I was absolutely shocked that she said that to me. That did it for me and I preceeded to tell her about how horrible our stay was. And she told me not to get an &quot;attitude&quot; with her because she didn't have to reverse the charges. I told her that she IS and WILL reverse those charges because how dare she accuse my son of making those calls, especially after such a horrible experience. Well, the charges have been reveresed but I will continue to post and tell people about our ugly experience at Tahiti Village. I really hope this helps other traverlers.	
Sep 11 2009 	Beware...or be aware	The really sad thing is we &quot;purchased our stay&quot; at Sams Club....big mistake. We did not go for the &quot;timeshare or have a free comped trip&quot;. My wife was approached at Sams Club by a T.V. vendor for a 3 night stay for $199.00. I was very concerned because these are the guys &quot;on the radio&quot;....buyer beware. After she bought it, I checked Tripadvisor and there was positive and negative. We travel a lot and I told her we would be our own judge.After we arrived we were disappointed with the room and asked to pay for an upgrade, and they said &quot;very doubtful&quot;. We were told two different prices by two different people and they never called back to follow up. They said they were booked solid, however at the spa, we were told the place is &quot;dead this weekend&quot;. We have to probably believe the spa worker over the front desk people since the parking garage was pretty empty. I believe they save the best rooms for the &quot;possible buyers and to sale to late arrivals at a premium&quot;.My wife was led to believe it was a &quot;resort&quot; with all the amenities when she purchased it. It defenantly was not....they truely cater to the people that are there for free in hopes of selling it to them. For those folks it is a win/win.There was no &quot;maid service&quot;, because that is not what the place is about. There is no &quot;customer service&quot; because that is not what the place is about. Oh, don't be shocked, but everyone leaves their daily trash in the hallways for pick up, since T.V. caters to people who like to cook in thier rooms &quot;on the cheap&quot;.If you go....go for free and NOT pay anything....there is no value in paying for a room there and you would do much better at one of the Strip Hotels.So please beware ....or be aware.	
Sep 4 2009 	Pathetic service staff has little hosptility skills not worth exchange!	READ BEFORE YOU BOOK TAHITI VILLAGE THERE ARE PROS AND CONS: There were many negatives about Tahiti Village and some positives. First let me start by saying that if I was an OWNER at this TimeShare resort I would be furious! I used a week my mother-in-law exchanged and in many ways feel like using this week was a waste when speaking about many things about the staff and maintenance. Start at check in: when you first arrive not a single person at the desk had any customer service skills. Nor at any time when going to the front desk did anybody display good customer service skills. It is called “hospitality” after all, isn’t it? One time I went to the desk and there were three girls standing there, one guy on the phone. One girl says “I will be with you in a minute” and continues to talk with the other two girls. The guy on the phone helped me. Maintenance: Door to the Lazy River doesn’t open and countless people have problems. You watch this over and over again and finally an owner got mad and told the lifeguard to have the door fixed. Thjs went on for days before it was fixed! Door to work out room on 3rd Floor Tower 5, same thing!!! Countless people can’t get the door open and NO it isn’t the key it is the door! Somebody would have to get off a machine to let a person in. On my second day there at 6:10 a.m., I couldn’t get the door to open. I called the Resort Manager, Ashley, and she gave me ways to get it to open short of standing on my head!!! She sent engineering and he lightly pulled it and it opens; I asked him to post a sign with instructions how to open. NOT! I watched this go on day after day in that workout room! Lastly, there is ONE laundry room in the 5th tower for ALL TOWERS for those who don’t have a washer dryer. There are 4 washers and 4 dryers and 2 washers don’t work and 2 dryers don’t work!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Yes, maintenance/engineering had been notified!!! What is wrong with this picture? You exchange a week and this is what you get. Oh and the main/large pool, I have never seen something so dirty in my life. It was disgusting, we didn’t even put our toes in it! The lazy river was clean and very, very nice!!! Other than the door, the Lazy River was great!!! A huge plus for a family !!!! The shuttle, NOBODY, and I mean NOT A SINGLE staff member could explain the shuttle schedule to you!!!! That was pathetic!! The bus driver got it right, thankfully! (It left early from the strip, thankfully we didn’t depend on it leaving at the scheduled time!) The managers and staff don’t seem to strive for quality at this resort! The concierge, when they give you directions, they don’t give you a map, they tell you what streets to turn down. No sheets with directions. Keep in mind, the “Concierges” appear to work for Member Services, they book tours. They aren’t really a “Concierge” there to give you info about the area. Concierges generally have ample information to give you vs. short answers. I have stayed at some nice resorts and this resort doesn’t get a even one star about the above things I just talked about. Tower 5: if you are booked in Tower 5, expect a lot of walking as you will likely have to park in the underground parking area! The pros: The Lazy River is great, the shuttle is nice (I rather drive, parking is rather easy and less time consuming) and location is wonderful! The unit was nice. The staff at the Lazy River was very nice and would smile at you (hospitality), the shuttle driver was informative nice. The location is ideal, near the strip, near grocery stores, shopping, etc. I can’t say that I would go back. I don’t stay in the unit for much more than to sleep and eat breakfast so too many things stood out in the negative. NOT WORTH THE EXCHANGE!!!!!!!	
Aug 31 2009 	BEWARE:You won't get your rebates	The high pressure sales co is bankrupt - all promised rebates are NOT BEING HONORED by Tahiti Village Resorts Co. I asked if they'll refund the $100 promised to us for air fare when we took tour. I filled out forms and sent by certified mail as requested; it was received 2 days b/4 bankruptcy declared. NOPE they won't compensate us - not even for good will. They are sending EVERY complaint to a bankruptcy lawyer. This leaves a bad image because on the tour you are led to believe the sales staff are Tahiti Village employees. NOT TRUE and when I asked about THAT they said lots of people are upset but they don't seem concerned about this manipulation. What a shame because we thought we would buy the next one being built but definitely won't now. Who's to say that won't go out of business?	
Aug 31 2009 	Family and kids heaven in a not so family friendly city	Although my husband and I had said this may be our last trip to Vegas since our kids are getting older and we didn't want them exposed to all the &quot;Vegas ambiance&quot; we have changed are mind thanks to Tahiti Village! As others have said, the pool is heaven for kids, with our little ones loving the sand beach and lazy river and the rooms are amazingly large and well appointed. We actually had a mini-family reunion, with 8 people in the 2 bedrooms and it wasn't uncomfortable. Our family members have traveled to many places and expect a lot of their vacation accomodations but since we got such an awesome Getaway rate from Interval International for the week, we all agreed this place was an exceptional value for your travel dollar. Although the actual accomodations were top-notch, don't be confused, you are not going to get the service and pampering of a Westin or Marriot high end timeshare so if you are trading into here, just know that from the beginning.I loved the location, close to the airport to pick up relatives, a quick drive to the strip if family members wanted to go, easy access to the freeways to get to other parts of the city and I didn't have to take my kids through a smokey loud casino once if I didn't want to. If you want to be right on the strip don't stay here, you will be annoyed, but If you are looking for a place where the little ones can enjoy the pool, the adults can drive to the clubs and casinos and the grandparents can take the free shuttle to the Tropicana (which my mom did) you will love Tahiti village!	
Aug 27 2009	A wonderful stay!!	My father has a timeshare here at the Tahiti Village. We got a great rate for all of us to stay at this hotel, including most of my guests that came from all over the place for our wedding! The rooms were spacious! The jacuzzi tub was HUGE!! The steam shower was relaxing, the patio was decent size with a great view of the strip! Even though you are near the airport, you really don't hear the planes unless you are standing outside! The hotel staff was great! The only downside was the fact, considering it was a &quot;timeshare&quot; the maid staff only came in one time to clean the room! we stayed for 6 days, and they came in once. But they were really good about getting clean towels, laundry soap, etc. whenever we needed! They were fast about it too. With our dirty towels, all you have to do is set them outside your room and they'll be picked up! It was a great stay! And I'd stay again in a hearbeat!	
Aug 22 2009 	Relaxing clean luxurious and a great getaway from reality!	This is the second time I had the pleasure of staying here with my husband and our friends. I would recommend this place to everyone. Our unit was a 2 bed/2 bath with a nicely sized patio. Everything is new and modern. The decor is palm tree themes with sage colors painted throughout the unit. The pool is heated, and the lazy river nice and relaxing. The Tahiti Joe's restaurant/bar has amazing food and drinks!	
Aug 20 2009 	Beautiful resort just south of The Strip	Fantastic roomy place - We can't recommend this place enough	
Aug 20 2009 	Tahiti Village is GREAT!	My Boyfriend and I stayed here for our first trip to Vegas and I loved it! Tahiti Village was the icing on the cake! We stayed in the newest tower which I believe was tower 5. My room was NICE. I didn't even care that I had no veiw of anything great, lol. They were booked since it was Memorial Day weekend which we were told is the busiest weeked in Vegas. Everything was spotless in our room and we felt at home. We own there (thanks to my parents :) We stayed in the Bora Bora which is the perfect size for couples. The jacuzzi and shower with steam were excellent. I also loved the CD/DVD player so bring your favorite music like we did and have little pre-parties before you head to the strip. Tahiti Joes had decent food and bar drinks were delicious. I also LOVED the pool area, lots of fun. The shuttles weren't always on time because again that was likely due to the busy weekend. Sorry Nay-sayers....but We really love this place and we look forward to heading back!	
Aug 18 2009 	Truly enjoyed our trip to Las Vegas	We had a very late check-in, due to our flight so there wasn't anyone in line, nor was there any problem with getting keys to our villa. Our two bedroom villa was actually a split room and we had trouble getting into the second room (the larger side with the full kitchen, patio, etc.). Our call to maintenance wasn't responded to for about 30 minutes and with two hungry (and tired) children, this didn't go over well with any of us. Once we were in the room and unpacked, it was a short walk to the on-site Denny's, which had okay service. I was surprised that the resort did not have free wireless in the villas, nor in the lobby. They basically encouraged guests to use Denny's connection or pay for internet service in the business center. The discounted tickets and planning representative was a nice surprise &amp; I was able to plan most of our family activities right on site. Being in building 5 was an extremely long walk from the lobby, especially after walking the strip for about 90 minutes and exiting the shuttle at the front of the resort. Couple of great things about being in building 5 - children's activities, gym and concierge are all in the building. With one exit, you're near the main pool and gas grills where we fixed several yummy meals. With another exit, you're near the lazy river. My sons loved the man-made beach, the basketball court, the volleyball net and swimming with their new friends. I loved how quiet the resort was and that no smoking nor gambling was at the resort - you could basically have a family trip in Vegas without the slot machines. The shuttle service was a nice touch and kept us from having to rent a car. The bad part about the shuttle is the grocery store run is only 3 days per week and it's at 8:00 am (too early for vacationers)! We ended up taking a cab because our arrival time would cause us a 4 day wait for the grocery shuttle. All of the staff was nice, the rooms were beautiful and extremely clean. We met lots of great families while cooking at the grill and look forward to returning.	
Aug 17 2009 	Beautiful resort but lousy ammenities	They could improve this place 100% by doing two things: providing free wi-fi (like 99 percent of other resorts and hotels do), and replacing their horrible washer/dryers - the ones in which put your load in and it washes and dries them all at once. Had to walk to decent washers and dryers just to get our clothes clean. Other than these two HUGE inconveniences, the resort was very nice. Like I said, wouldn't take much on their part to make this a &quot;Perfect&quot; vacation getaway.	
Aug 14 2009 	Would stay here again.	We are consolidated resorts owners, and after hearing about the bankruptcy we were very concerned, but it was very difficult to notice anything different. The hotel grounds and rooms were spotlessly clean and beautiful. We did not hear any noise from the rooms near ours, as was reported by other guests. The parking was convenient and they have a beautiful covered parking garage in addition to parking lots, which was much appreciated in the 110 degree weather. It is a bit of a drive to the strip, but during our week stay we learned to use a couple of the secondary roads rather than Las Vegas Boulevard and could get up and down the strip easily. Just valet parked at whatever hotel we were stayin at.The lazy river was truly wonderful. The hotel charges $3 per day for tubes, but we never paid for any, as guests who were leaving offered their tubes to guests newly arriving and there were always several unclaimed tubes lying around. We had no problem finding chairs in the sun or shade at anytime during the day. Drinks at both the pool and the lazy river were expensive, but you were allowed to bring your own in a cooler. They did sell small ones in the gift shop for $5.00.We rented cars due to the sheer number of people we had with us, so I can't comment on the shuttle service, but we did see Tahiti Village shuttles on the strip when we went. The vans were large and nice looking.We received a mid-week cleaning, and had no problem having any trash picked up if left outside our door within a few minutes.The grill area was very nice and was cleaned thoroughly every morning.We would never have known the ownership was in bankruptcy during our stay and in fact the hotel was booked solid. We couldn't even pay for an upgrade as their was nothing open. We did ask for a later check out, but were refused. We found buying groceries/liquor at the Food for Less much more economical than the Whole Food market and it's just a a short five minute drive. The shopping outlet mall is walking distance (just across the street).I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Tahiti Village to anyone.	
Aug 13 2009 	Great vacation!	Since I've relied on trip advisor reviews so much in planning vacations, thought it was time to write a review myself.Just returned from Tahiti Village and thought the place was great! We were on an Interval sell-off and had a 1 bed Bora unit in bldg. 2 - ground floor. The unit was very spacious. Fully equipped kitchen with granite counters and stainless steel appliances. Huge bathroom with double sinks and large whirlpool tub. Nice toiletries included. Bedroom was a good size with comfortable king bed. Living/dining with sliders to patio. Everything was clean except I thought the upholstered furniture while not worn could have used some freshening up. The unit was exceptionally quiet. We enjoyed the lazy river &amp; being able to take our own drinks &amp; snacks with us to spend the day there. Didn't use the pool but it seemed that the little ones were enjoying the sand beach &amp; making sand castles.There were lots of loungers but needed to get up earlier than we did to find a place with a 'hut' for shade.We were not approached at all for timeshare presentations. Did have some messages on the 'phone to use the spa but nothing else.Parking was a bit of a chore as all the spaces in front of our unit were always taken. We used the parking garage which meant a little walk but not a big deal.Yes, the pool &amp; lazy river are fenced off which requires your room key to enter but we thought this was a good security feature. As well, had to show room key for towels but they would let you have as many as you wanted.My only complaint was that the washrooms near the lazy river weren't open which meant walking to the pool area &amp; remembering to take the key to get back in!Found the staff to be very pleasant. The building and grounds are very well maintained. Lots of people used the bbq area for meals. We enjoyed being a little away from the main strip which was so busy. Didn't use the shuttle as we had a car but thought it was a great service for guests.It's a different kind of vacation being in a timeshare unit than a hotel room but one that we really enjoyed. The privacy, the space we had, having breakfast on the patio, lovely surroundings etc. made for a great vacation.	
Aug 11 2009 	AARGH!	This was one of the most frustrating and disappointing trips we've ever taken....and we travel a LOT! First the hotel----we were there on a timeshare exchange. (Please keep in mind that our home timeshare is a deluxe 2 bedroom/2 bathroom premiere unit and exchanging it for another resort is supposed to get us a comparable unit) Entered the lobby and it was very attractive! Couldn't wait to see our accomodations. We requested a non-smoking room as close to the pool as possible. We were given one on the first floor---sounded great, but when we got there and opened the door, we were shocked! It was like a cave---so dark. And not near the pool at all!There was only one window (missing the screen) that opened to the lobby parking lot and had tall shrubs planted in front of it, presumably for privacy. Unfortunately, the privacy came at the price of absolutely no natural light. We had to have maintenance bring us an extra lamp----which they placed on the floor without a lamp shade! Our &quot;kitchen&quot; was minimal---microwave and mini-fridge only. The upholstered furniture was old looking and not especially clean. The bathroom was clean, but the tub/shower combination was tiny! Where was the big jetted tub advertised on the website? Obviously in the other (larger) part of the lockout unit we were in along with the stove, dishwasher and washer dryer! So disappointing! We were expecting something far nicer than what we got! When we asked for an upgrade, we were told they were totally booked. Next day a young couple was at the front desk complaining that they didn't want to pay for a 2 bedroom unit when there were just the 2 of them. I don't know who's booking reservations, but they're obviously not doing a great job. Then we went down to the pool and spa to relax---This place is totally locked up....fences and gates everywhere that require your key card to enter. The pool is large and at first glance, beautiful. Unfortunately there is a sand beach entry for children and the sand is not well confined to that area. It goes everywhere and is really an annoyance. There was also about an inch of sand in the bottom of the spa. When I asked if they were going to clean it out, all I got was a dirty look.And forget about bar or food service! There is a portable bar by the pool and another by the &quot;lazy river&quot;, but no servers. Drinks are $13 for the first and $9 for refills. Available food included chips and ice cream at the bar or a hot dog or nachos at a portable cart....which was out of hot dogs when I wanted one because they're only allowed to have 6 (!!!!) in the cart at a time. And did I mention there are no restaurants in the resort itself? There is Tahiti Joe's just across the driveway and Denny's in the same building and that's it. Tahiti Joe's was horrible! The food was awful, the service was abysmal and cocktails have to go on a separate check because the bar is actually owned by a different company. Concierge service was a joke....yes, they'll book local day trips for you and make reservations, but they also want to sign you up for a sales pitch and when we declined, the concierge became VERY rude and cut off the conversation, even though we were about to ask her to make reservations for us.This place has so much potential, but is a disaster as it is now...I couldn't even get change for a dollar to use the vending machine. And parking?? Horrible! Couldn't get a parking space late one night so parked in guest registration parking and got a nasty note on the windshield and a nasty phone call at 6 am....I guess I was supposed to park on the other side of the resort between Denny's and the fleabag motel next door and walk all the way to my room late at night alone?? NOT! Had to park on a deserted side street each night after that and walk to my room. Scary.	
Aug 10 2009 	Loved Tahiti Village and would definitely return	This was my first time staying off of the strip and I can honestly say that I did not miss the craziness of it. We had a 2 bedroom lock-off unit that slept 8 and it was wonderful! The grounds were beautiful and our unit in Tower 5 was very clean and quiet. This was a girls trip with 2 moms and 6 girls ages 17 - 22. They loved it! They tanned at the pool and floated in the lazy river during the day and then we all went out at night. If you are a big gambler, then you would probably prefer to be on the strip. However, if you are not and like to stay at more of a resort atmosphere, I think you would like Tahiti Village. We will definitely return!	
Aug 3 2009 	Wonderful Exvhange!	Just returned from a relaxing vacation at Tahiti Village. If you are looking for a cheap deal in exchange for listening to a time share presentation, I would avoid this place, judging from all the other negative reviews. BUT, if you already own somewhere, and understand the difference between a time-share resort and a regular hotel type resort (i.e., time shares don't have maid service, so don't expect it) and are looking to exchange through Interval International, have no fear. Based on the advice here, I requested a pool view, phase II. I was told I could make requests, but they were not guaranteed. Nonetheless, we received an immaculate room on the 7th floor of Phase two. (Tower 5). Not only did we look down on the lazy river, but also we enjoyed a wonderful view of the strip. Beautiful at night! We were never once approached or hassled about a presentation. Our room was quiet, and with the patio door shut, we couldn't hear any outside noise (including air traffic). Open, as we frequently did, we enjoyed listening to the sounds of kids playing in the lazy river. My boys and husband also got a kick out of watching the planes land and take off. The furniture and kitchen were beautiful and new. The only drawback was that there was no separate toilet area, just once large bathroom. No place for me to put on makeup while my husband and older boys took care of business. The grounds were well kept, and we enjoyed both the lazy river and the pool. You could buy drinks and a few light snacks at the pool, but there was no problem bringing your own. We packed a cooler with plastic glasses with lids, and enjoyed our drinks while floating around the pool or lazy river. You have to rent their tubes on the lazy river, $3.00 per day, but in the pool you could use your own floats. The lifeguards were all clean cut and pleasant. There were several nice BBQ areas, with tables and chairs and 4 BBQ's, but I would recommend bringing your own tools. You can check them out at the front desk, but they only have a few, and the BBQ area can get crowded. I had a good experience at the spa, no complaints, but not over the top wonderful as I have seen at other spa's. Check in was smooth, I never did see any lines at the registration desk, nor did I at any time encounter lazy employees chatting away while customers waited. Everyone from check in, to bus drivers to housekeeping was very pleasant. When we called maintenance (needed more laundry detergent, or towels etc.) we were always quickly accommodated. The washer and dryer worked fine (although they should put a direction sticker on how to open the washer on it!!) I could tell from maintenance that it must be a pretty common question for them, but they still politely answered. The shuttles ran right on schedule. The only issue I had was that one of the 4 broke down one day, and instead of a backup, they just ran with 3. They really need MORE shuttles. But it is convenient, and you can get by without a car. We did use our car for trips to the grocery store down the street, and visiting Hoover Dam. If you drive there, go FIRST thing in the morning! As we were leaving around lunchtime, the backup of cars was MILES and MILES long!We wouldn't hesitate to go back, and look forward to seeing the new phases developed.	
Jul 31 2009 	Beautiful Resort!	This resort is almost new. Everything was spotless; the grounds were lovely. Ask for a view of the pool or lazy river since there are construction sites around the resort. I did not really see any construction going on while we were there, but there were construction fences and lots with construction materials. Parking can be a hassel, but do not shy away from the parking garage. Depending upon your building, you could have a ways to walk, but there were always spaces in the several level parking garage. Handicap parking was scarce. The pool was gorgeous with plenty of chaise lounge chairs. There was a sandy beach at the pool for the kids; it did cause sand in the pool in close areas, but it really was not a problem. There were plenty of steps into the pool and there were shallow areas where chairs could be placed. Towels were available for guests at the pool and lazy river at no charge. At the lazy river, there was a daily charge for each person of $3 for a big tube. This could get expensive for a family with kids. The resort charges for internet access. So, again this can be costly. We did not use the shuttle, but we saw many using it; there is a schedule. The shuttle runs frequently to a variety of places. Be sure to check with consegier the first or second day to get information packet and find out about discount tickets etc. There is an outlet mall across the street from the parking garage. Furnishings were lovely and the bed was fabulous. We had no problems during our stay.	
Jul 31 2009 	Extremely relaxing vacation at the Tahiti Village.	Rent a car because you'll be close to the South Point Hotel which is great for teens because they have a 16 movie theater, arcade room and bowling. Close to the rental car center and close to the airport and right down the road from the Strip! The lazy river is busy all day with kids and the main pool is big and has a volleyball net and a sandy beach which is nice for the little kids. We stayed in Tower 5, Moorea unit. No patio because unit has a limited kitchen. It was fine for the 4 of us. We were right by the parking garage and the outlet center is across the street. You can't go wrong staying here. The larger units are beautiful, we asked to see them. Denny's is right next door for breakfast. Staff was courteous and helpful. Would definitely return to the Tahiti Village! They don't have internet access in the room, but Denny's has WI FI next door. The business center charges you to use their internet service and copier. It was $10.00 to confirm and print out our airline tickets.	
Jul 26 2009 	Fun and Relaxing	Our room was wonderful. Everything was clean and spacious. The entire family enjoyed staying here. No complaints at all. We will definitely stay here again. As all other reviews state, &quot; great place to stay with kids.&quot;	
Jul 24 2009 	Great Experience	This was my first trip to Tahiti Village since I purchased a unit here in 2007. The place was awesome. The room was fabulous, Everything was new, the room was huge. The grounds were meticulous.	
Jul 24 2009 	Loved Tahiti Village	Tahiti Village was so much more than I expected, I purchased a package from Smart Circle via Sam's club. I was a little worried. I arrived and the hotel is so gorgeous. They give you a coupon book with tickets for Denny's and Tahiti Joe's both restaurants on property. the room was amazing. It looked like an apartment. The pool was spectacular. Food at Tahiti Joe;s was good. I did not like the Denny's. The shuttle to the strip is conveniant. They have discount show tickets at the front lobby. Great hotel for families with small children.	
Jul 18 2009 	Great Facilities Great location Great Family location	Pros:Great rooms: Had two connected 1BR, 1Bath condos.. Total of 2/2. Separated the kids from the adults. I was in Bld 5 (closest to parking garage). view was OK. Future development area. Quiet. Rooms were like new and cleanLocation: Near airport and rental car area. 2 miles from big casinos. Close to shopping. turn south on strip to &quot;Food for Less&quot; . They have shuttle there also (limited times). Rent a car if you are looking for other than LV strip activities.Facilities: Main pool was a little warm. lazy river quite cool. they rent float rings $3 ea. rooms and such excellent. Mini-market was much better and cheaper than expected.  Cons:Only check in a little slow- took an hour for 12 couples/ familiesA warning: Las Vegas is not for kids. not a lot to do for them. Rent a car and plan away trips from area. But TV very nice if they just want to pool and crisp up like tanned bacon.	
Jul 14 2009	Tahiti Village	What a wonderful tropical inspired oasis in the middle of the Nevada dessert! We had a wonderful time there. The pool area has got to be one of the best in Vegas. Meticulously maintained. Everybody was very helpful. We had a ground floor room right next to the pool, which was especially convenient. The kitchen is very well stocked, which is unusual for timeshares.I advised the first caller from Tahiti Village we would not be doing a time share presentation. And again when we met with the &quot;concierge&quot; told her we would not attend a time share presentation. Absolutely nobody approached us after that.The only issue was one morning we had a dying cockroach in our room. We notified maintenance who was horrified - but I saw some cockroaches out and about the strip at night as well. It's a difficult thing to manage when they are all around.It was fun being right across the street from the big outlet mall.We rented our own car, so transportation to/fro the strip was not a problem.	
Jul 11 2009 	We will never go back!	We traded our week, so that we could take our children to Tahti Village. My husband and I had taken a tour last year, and thought our children would really enjoy this resort now that the Lazy River had been finished. We had a list of complaints by the end of the week. First of all the main pool was very dirty. I don't know how often it is cleaned, but I did not appreciate floating clumps of hair while I was trying to relax in the pool. Secondly, there need to be more pools for the size of this resort. The pool and the lazy river are way too crowded. The Lazy River is supposed to be for floating around. It was so crowded at times, that it took forever to float around the river just once because there was actually &quot;crowd traffic&quot;. Thirdly, I thought it was inappropriate for the resort to allow all that beer drinking in the lazy river. It got a little wild on the Fourth of July, with some semi drunk guys acting pretty foolishly while families with children were trying to enjoy themselves at the lazy river. Fourthly, not all the dryers were working in the laundry room, causing a backup. Who wants to stay up past midnight doing laundry during their vacation? Complaint #5: the concierge in building five was not helpful at all when I asked him about the local children's museum. He never made eye contact, and the only thing he could do was print out the directions for me. He was very young and inexperienced. Complaint #6: The gyms need to have age rules posted. On one of the days that I was working out, I saw parents dropping off their young children (maybe about 9-10 years of age), and leaving them there to entertain theirselves. I was there to exercise, not supervise other children who could get injured on one of the machines. Complaint #7:Security was too lax. There were lots of people going in and out of the buildings at night, and using the pool that I am positive were not members or resort guests. How could so many people not have a card key to enter the pool areas or the buildings? Complaint #8 (and final one as well) : The internet access was absolutely primitive. I had noticed several people sitting in one section of the lobby using their laptops. Since I did not want to pay to use the computer in the lobby, I was told by someone at the front desk that I was welcome to use my laptop in that section because that is where you could access the internet from the Denny's that is located accross the parking lot. In other words, the resort was not paying for internet access. Even though I knew it was an unethical procedure, I tried it anyway. The internet was extremely slow. It took me 20 minutes to &quot;get in&quot;, and it was through Denny's home page. I went an entire week without retrieving my email.NEVER, WOULD WE RECOMMEND THIS RESORT, AND NEVER AGAIN WOULD WE STAY THERE!!!	
Jul 4 2009 	Had a fabulous time	My husband and I stayed in a 1 bedroom suite (Bora Bora room) along with our two kids (ages 10 and 6). The room was very spacious, more than enough for two adults and two kids. The bathroom was great with two sinks, a hot tub bath, and a standing shower stall. The room had a full kitchen (including pots and pans), dining table, sofa bed, and balcony. There were two TVs (one in the living room and one in the bedroom). We had no problems with any sales people regarding the timeshare tour. We had one message on the phone to pick up the welcome package and that was it. I heard that if you did not want to be bother about the timeshare tour, don't pick up the welcome packet. So we did not pick it up and had not problems. The staff were very responsive to our needs and very helpful.We are a little hesitant about Tahiti Village because of some of the negative feedback left but we thoroughly enjoyed our stay and had none of the problems that peopled have complained about in the previous reviews. The kids loved the pool and we never had problems finding a shady place to sit. The fitness center was OK, small room with old equipment but it was better than nothing. We did not use the shuttle as we drove. We did not have parking problems but we were usually back by 9:00pm. The kids enjoyed M&amp;M World, Paris hotel, Caesar's Palce, and the water show at the Belagio. If you like Nachos go to Margarita Ville (near Flamingo Hotel) and order the volcano nachoes (this thing iis huge and should be shared).	
Jul 2 2009 	Family atmosphere close to the strip and not having to expose the kids with all the visual pollution the strip offers	We recently stayed at Tahiti Village for the first time for a family reunion (approximately 30 people) June 21st week. Our party included several adults and many kids of ages 3-13. We rented 4 different 2 bedroom lockout condos to accommodate our large reunion. We were very impressed with the accommodations. Pros- The condos were very large and had many nice upgrades such as granite counters, full kitchens, washer/dryer and flat screen t.v.'s. It was very clean and perfect! - They have a main pool which was very warm all the time and a lazy river pool which was always cool and refreshing. Both were nice. - Kids play room on 5th floor. Pool tables, air hockey, games, and arts and crafts. A huge plus of entertainment that the kids loved.- Resort offers complimentary shuttle service to and from the strip which was very easy and convenient to use. Much better than driving with the traffic. - There are plenty of grocery stores nearby for stocking up your condo and also an outlet mall next door for shopping.- 5 Barbeque pits provided and were cleaned each am by maintenance. This is a huge plus to have someone else clean out all the prior day grease, cooking scum.Cons- Pools do get crowded by mid morning so we had to get out early to save some chairs. They do offer towel service at both pools. - One negative would be renting the tubes at the lazy river. They charge you $3/person per day to rent and you can’t bring personal tubes. A tip is many are just left lying around to use, yet of course this is not endorced by the guy collecting the $3.- Internet wireless is not working in one of the towers in the back. You have to go to Denny's for wireless access.We would definitely recommend Tahiti Village and will be back. Great family atmosphere close to the strip and not having to expose the kids with all the visual pollution the strip offers (adult billboard advertisements, loud music, and gambling). If you want much R&amp;R, this is the place. If you need to access real-time gambling, stay on the strip.	
Jul 1 2009 	Fun	Tahiti Village was a great place for us. It had a (limited) kitchen allowing us to have breakfast and lunch in our room (great if you are on a budget). The room was very clean. They have daily scheduled activities. They have a huge pool with part sand, which my daughter loved! They also have a Lazy River pool, which was great. A shuttle is provided to major hotels and casinos. The best part about Tahiti Village was they don't have slot machines and such meaning no smoking inside.	
Jun 30 2009 	Be Aware	The entire week we were there we heard constant comments of &quot;bankruptcy&quot;. Be alert to the sales dept - the free tickets are being refused at the shows, vouchers are being denied. Every company we came into contact with stated that the resort was going bankrupt.Business center was down entire time and they charge ridiculous fees. Everything is a fee. Only good part was the spa on 9th floor of tower 5 but they were contracted - not a part of the resort.Spa is excellent - ONLY HIGHLIGHTParking was poor, cleaning was fair, no laundry facilities in most rooms, was not booked in the part we were promised by Interval International. Laundry room on 9th floor had 5 washers 2 worked, 5 dryers 3 worked.Staff is not helpful nor friendly. Staff was never able to answer questions or provide information.DON'T GO ON THE TOUR - YOU ARE WASTING YOUR TIME - TICKETS WILL BE REFUSED AND THE SALES STAFF WILL LIE MORE THAN USUAL. IF YOU WANT A GREAT SHOW THEN THE SALES STAFF CAN PUT ON THE BEST CON-SHOW I HAVE EVER SEEN!	
Jun 30 2009 	Horrible Customer Service- Don't Waste Your Time	My husband and I went for a romantic couple of days without our children. We were approached by someone from the company giving tours and offering free show tickets. We thought &quot;why not?&quot; We gave them $40 ($20 per person) and were told that we would get it back once went on the tour. The next morning (the day of our tour), we received a phone call in our hotel room that the tour had been cancelled and we would get a refund by going down to the booth in our hotel lobby and someone would be there. We did just that and found no one at their booth and a sign that directed us to another hotel and a different company office. We followed the directions and when arrived were told they couldn't help us. Thankfully the employee that originally took the money from us had written his phone number on our ticket. We called and he apologized and gave us the number to the General Manager. I called her and in my 29 years have never been spoken to in such a rude way by anyone. She was not willing to help me and told me to go to now a 3rd hotel on the other end of the strip to get our refund. At this point it was just matter of principal so we went and waited for 45 minutes. There were other couples waiting there too and the guy that was &quot;promised&quot; to be there never showed. Upon calling back to their &quot;field office,” we were all told that if we wanted our refund that we would have to go to the Tahiti Village Resort and get it there. By this time we were fed up and just left to go back to AZ, but I would recommend not even wasting your time. There are many more things to do in Vegas than wasting you time dealing with Tahiti Village.	
Jun 23 2009 	Awesome 25th Wedding Anniversary with Tahiti Village	My husband and I booked our getaway after listening to the radio commericials. We were skeptics, but figured we'd give it a shot. GLAD WE DID!!! We had the time of our lives for our 25th wedding anniversary. We booked our stay at the Stratosphere. Very fun casino. The Top of the World Restaurant is a must do! It revolves at 108 stories up. Also, adventure thrill rides are on the 109th floor...amazing. Just a really fun casino...great bars, entertainment, restaurants, We toured Tahiti Village during our stay, and was surprisingly very pleased by the scenery. We loved the contrast it has with the strip. For nightlife, go to the strip, for serenity and tropical feel, go back to Tahiti Village. Plus the mall is right down the street. Had been to numerous timeshares just for the freebies. The suites at Tahiti Village are fabulous! On-site spa looked inviting. ANd even the older suites were well kept. Actually a little nicer than the new ones. (Yes, we did ask to see one of the older suites.) We plan on going back next year and possibly making a purchase. We want our timeshare paid off before we retire, so that we can vacation every year, without having to pay out lots of money when we no longer have income from jobs. Plus so many other perks go with the program. Don't trust me, go check it out for yourself. And we did receive our deposit back within 3 days. So it's risk free. P.S. We are actual customers, we have no connection to Tahiti Village, just want others to know our experience...D. and L. Reed	
Jun 22 2009 	Great Place	I monitored the reviews before I went and was a bit concerned I had committed to Tahiti Village. However, they met and exceeded expectations. Initially we were given a smoking room - when we requested a non-smoking room they moved us immediately. We stayed in Phase II on 5th floor. Very good room - even the sofa beds were comfortable. They offered to clean the room and take the trash midweek as promised. I absolutely would stay here again! They charge $3.00 per day for a tube to float on - just buy a few noodles from a local store when you are there and save the extra money. They don't allow kick boards, other floaties unless they are infant/toddler related - like water wings, covered floats. You are allowed to have a drink in your lap as you float in the lazy river as long as it is not glass. Fabulous relaxing vacation! There were kids and for the most part they were not in the way and were well monitored - I did see the lifegaurds encourage several to go to the pool if they want to simply jump in and out - THANK YOU! Maids were willing to give sheets up and you could do it for no charge -extra towels not a problem. And all you had to do was bag up the trash and place it outside your door. As they cleaned rooms, they pick it up. I did hear some people complaign and talked to them to find out why there experience was not the same as mine. It turns out they wanted maid service everyday, and one of their kids misbehaved and was called on it. They didn't think the lifegaurd should talk to their kids but should have found them. How were they supposed to do that and keep on eye on everyone else? If they wanted maid service everyday get a hotel room.	
Jun 21 2009 	I was impressed this time.	Wow! Tahiti Village is done! The lazy river is in and was the highlight for our kids on this trip! It is nice to have the lazy river close in proximity to Tower 5, which is part of the finished Phase II development. The sandy beach entry in the main pool was still a favorite and my kids made many friends there while building sandcastles. The whole resort is clean and the staff is very friendly and helpful. The rooms are spacious and well equipped. I especially enjoyed the washer and dryer in the new Phase II rooms. They seem much more efficient that the original rooms. It would be nice if the balcony could be extended over to the main master bedroom, but we enjoyed it anyway, just couldn't when the kids were sleeping. The hot tub was nice to enjoy at night and I appreciated the fact that they made that part accessible for adults 24-hours a day. Tahiti Village has also extended their shuttle service with 4 shuttles and now stops at Tropicana, Circus Circus, New York, New York, Treasure Island, Outlet Malls, Stratosphere, and The Orleans. Wiki Wiki is the convenience store located on the property. Prices are fairly good...considering its convenience. Only $3.95 for a 1/2 gallon of milk. Tahiti Village added a spa this year called Manaha. While we did not have any treatments, prices seemed competitive and the spa itself looked gorgeous. One suggestion I have is to either add more tables to the pool area or add more chairs to the barbeque area. It seems that when we were there, a lot of larger families like ours were utilizing this great feature, creating a chair shortage. Only 6 tables were available in the immediate barbeque area with only 4 chairs allotted to each table. No extras were stacked or available, which created tables with no chairs. We tried to eat in the pool area when the barbeque area was full, but there were very few tables in the pool area. One other drawback was we couldn't check out any barbequing tools from the front desk since they were all checked out. It's funny that we barbequed two days in a row and no one we saw there had utensils either. I wonder who had them! Our room overlooked the lazy river and part of the Vegas strip...ahhhh! We can't wait for another week to come next year!	
Jun 12 2009 	Great Stay! Trying to come back but seems to always be booked :(	I loved this hotel! My friends were worried at first after reading horrible reviews but the hotel was very very nice, clean, and new. A bit far from the strip but was no problem because they have a complimentary shuttle that comes every half hour and drops you off infront of MGM. fantastic pool and 24hr hot tub. Only negative is no internet and no room service so if you spend a lot of time in the room your trash might pile up.	
Jun 9 2009 	Incredible	For my daughters birthday, we flew to Las Vegas and stayed at Tahiti Village. It was an awsome experience. The room was immaculate and the service was great. I am recommending this hotel to my son for his wedding in Los Vegas. Shuttle service took us to our destination and picked us up every time we dared to venture outside. I give you an A Tahiti Village and I look forward to returning again soon.Virginia CuppsSpringdale Arkansas	
Jun 7 2009 	Great concierge service!	We are in the second day of our trip and it has been made exponetially better by the concierge service in building 5. Nicole Percy and Robert Craig. They went out of their way to advise and book plans for our night out. The service in the main building was completely under-par. The ladies in the main building were slightly snotty and condescending, however the bell hop was very nice. If you are looking for direction and service, go talk to Nicole and Robert!	
Jun 2 2009 	We loved the village	We were there for several days at the very end of May, 09, and really enjoyed out stay. The BBQ court is great when you prefer your own instead of the buffets. The staff are very nice, and the resort is simply first class. The resort does not have the same crowds that the striphotels have, so our stay was much more relaxed and casual. The new lazy river was and extreme hit with the Mrs. We had visitors, and they were treated as guests. We had our own car, and parking is a bother. The resort has easy access to the strip and Fremont Street, if you know your way around. There is a regular shuttle servise to the strip if you don't have your own transportation. This is a extremely good resort unless you must have the bustle, glitz, and drunkeness of the megaresorts on the strip. If you are looking for a more layed back holiday in Vegas, this is the place to be. We will be back regularly.	
Jun 1 2009 	Thank you for a super get away - we really enjoyed our time	Loved the place! Here is the pros* Very Clean* Very Spacious* Comfortable beds and sleeper sofas* Great Steam Shower and Jetted Tub* Loved the washer/dryer - very convenient* LOVED THE LAZY RIVER - How relaxing to raft around with a drink in hand. VERY COOL. * The staff was always very nice and accomodating -always greeted us as we walked past or opened doors, etc. All around great place to stay. With the craziness of downtown, it was nice to be very close, but then at a relaxing place. The BBQ's were a great touch, we just didn't get a chance to use them, but it was nice to see alot of people were using them. It also encouraged me to see Vegas busy again, the last time I was downtown it was dead - not this past weekend. It was really great to see people getting out again with friends and family in these times.	
May 21 2009 	Beautiful but an internet "dinosaur" limited internet connection	We are owners at Tahiti Village and we were shocked at the limited internet availability. We were at first put in the newest phase and there was no internet available at all! They then transferred us to phase 1 and we had to go through a TV connection cable and even then we couldn't email out. I can't believe a resort of this caliber would be such an internet dinosaur. The rooms and amenities are beautiful, but if you need internet, do not stay here. We had to go down to the &quot;business&quot; area to log on the the Denny's restaurant WiFi which was next door!!!! The first time, this area was so filled up with people waiting for resort sales tours,k that we had to search for a tiny place to sit down! This resort may be new, but it needs to join the twenty-first century!!	
May 19 2009 	Fantastic stay - super clean great design excellent value!	We stayted for a long weekend in mid-May 2009, and found the place to be just fantastic. We had our 9-year-old with us, and the pools were on par the best we've ever had... anywhere... and we've stayed at some really nice places over the years.If you go, know that this is more of a 'condo' experience rather than a 'full service hotel experience'. For the price, we are more than happy to sleep in the same bed linens for a week and hang up our own towels. The kitchen in the larger Bora Bora rooms is just like home, and it's equipped with everything you need to cook for a small group. The free BBQ pit area just outside the building was a nice touch.Don't plan on walking to the Strip, but if you've been to Vegas, you'll know that can be a bit of a walk once you are there anyway. The shuttle service is frequent and different shuttles land you at any of 6 stops... every 15-30 minutes! Last run just before 2am, I think. Again... free. Plan ahead - no worries.Activities? Ask for Mike at the Concierge desk. He was just great! He advised us to spend $2 per person for the Red Rock Canyon tour, and he was right... the best $2 we spent in Vegas! The wildflowers were in bloom, and it was about 10 degrees cooler than in town.As for the reports of stalker sales-people, they will only work you if you want something - if you bite on a promotion (low rate or free tickets), expect to spend up to 2 hours with them. This is what they deserve for giving you any deal you might want. We asked for nothing and weren't pestered even once.We'll definitely be back.	
May 19 2009 	3rd Time And Still Great	Our recent stay 2 week stay at Tahiti Village marked our 3rd year in staying at this resort, and each year, it gets better as it grows. In 2008, Phase II was just about complete and opened later that year.Our room was actually located in the new phase, and it was nice to see that several things that were a little aggravating in the older phase had been addressed in the new phase. One of those things is the washer/dryer. In the old phase, it's a combined washer/dryer...one unit...you put the clothes in, they get washed and dryed in the same machine. The dryer worked horrendously...the clothes always stayed damp and wrinked terrible. In the new phase, it's a separate washer and dryer, and they work very well. Since we stayed so long, it was of great help.Also, the a/c was set up better. In the old phase, in the Bora Bora unit, in the master bedroom, the a/c blows right on your face as you sleep, and it blows hard. We always turned it off and kept the a/c on in the living room, and the entire unit stayed cool. In the new phase, the a/c grilles are located better and air circulates better. In the bathroom, the air exhaust works better, too.As far as the property goes, for the first time, we were not hassled with sales reps, or &quot;owner update&quot; phone calls. No one called and we were glad! The Lazy River is now open, and boy oh boy, it's the nicest one I've ever been in...better than Wet N Wild and better than Atlantis. There are 5 water features, designed to drench or splash you, but only if you choose. To fully enjoy the river, don't waste the time renting a float. They charge $3.00 a day for the float, but they are bulky, and keep you out of the water. I hate floats in the lazy rivers, and it was so nice to just swim around, every day, and I did. One thing, some of the water falls are really strong, especially the main one, so cover your ears...you don't want water rushing up your ears. Can't say enough about how lovely the &quot;river&quot; is. So nice, I never even swam in the main pool. Don't know why, but the main pool water was murky for the entire 2nd week...looked very uninviting. The river was much better.Evidently, Phase III and Phase IV are planned. Land has been cleared, and with the endless tour groups on the property (they are not allowed in the pool areas, though, fortunately), I overheard that 2 more restaurants will be added, in addition to the Denny's and Tahiti Joes, both of which are pretty good. I also saw the full site plan, and there are more pools and water features to be added along with the new phases.We actually requested a few things be in our room when we arrived, like extra hangars and such, and they have a website where you e-mail them and tell them this, but of course, none of that happened. And trying to request a room in a certain area of the property is also a big pain. I now understood what people were talking about when they said there is no elevator at the end of Phase II building, because we stayed in the very end unit at the end of any INCREDIBLY long corridor. We truly got good walking exercise! But the check in process with luggage and some groceries was a huge pain. Parking is tough on the property, but the parking garage was never even remotely full. However, when they add Phase III and Phase IV, parking is going to be ridiculous, so it seems. One note to Tahiti: get rid of that stupid curb in front of Phase II, behing Manor Suites, and put down parking stripes so people can park! As it is, they all jump up the curb and park anyway! Parking is rough on this property with the addition of the new phase, because the parking garage is on one end of the property, and the entrance to Phase II is incredibly far from the garage and other phases.Overall, we still love Tahiti and will return next year. If you plan to stay here, trust me, do NOT get a room on the first floor of Phase II. All the tours walk down the hallway, and it's a mess of people. On the weekends, the pool and pool areas get pretty crowded, too. Not crazy, but crowded enough. And because the gated system to enter the propery and pools requires a key and you open the door to enter, the door then slams shut, so don't get a room near a pool if you don't want to hear it.	
May 13 2009 	Have them check your room before you leave!!!	After a recent trip to Tahiti Village with extended family, I noticed that my credit card had been charged from Tahiti 4 days after we had checked out. I contacted the resort and was informed that we were charged because we caused damage to the room. They have accused me of damaging a plasma t.v. in the living room. They have no proof of me or any of my guests causing the alleged damage, but they do have a non-English speaking maid that called security and reported the damage upon her &quot;finding&quot; it! It would appear that the maid caused the damage and to save her butt is blaming it on me! I am planning a trip back to Las Vegas to confront the security manager and maid and resolve this situation. BEWARE...have someone from the front desk or security check your room before you leave!!!!	
May 9 2009 	Wonderful stay at Tahiti Village!	We did an exchange through Interval International and were extremely pleased with our stay. We had the 2 bedroom unit and had a wonderful view of the pool. Although the pool area can get noisy, once you close your sliding door you don't hear anything. When we checked in at 2:00 our room was actually ready for us and when we went to the concierge desk we just told them nicely that we did not want to be bothered with requests to do the tour and he very nicely put us in the computer as a do-not-disturb for the week. We were never once asked by anyone on the property to do the tour, so we were pleasantly surprised as so many have complained about this. All our experiences with staff there were very pleasant and we have no complaints at all. Our room was in great shape, nothing was worn out and it was spotless. There is a weird smell in the master bathroom but we got rid of it by pouring a pitcher of water down the closet drain. Very strange but that is what engineering said to do and it worked! That was the only negative about the room at all. The bed was comfy and we had plenty of pillows. The pools are great and we never had a problem getting chairs before 11:00 am. The lazy river pool is not heated so it was too cool for us but I am sure when the temps get up there soon, it will be refreshing. The main pool is heated and very comfortable. The weather was perfect all week, in the mid-80's to low 90's. We had a rental car and were glad we did as we do not like wasting our time waiting on shuttles. We spent part of the time on the strip and actually really enjoyed 2 casinos that are just south of the resort, the Silverton and SouthPoint. Both are very clean and nice and if you like video poker you will be in heaven! Parking, as mentioned, is very full but we were just really lucky.....we always got a spot really close to our room. Good parking karma! We had a great vacation and we will be back!	
May 6 2009 	Unbelievable!	Resort was unbelievable, had a suite for my family of 7. Rooms were of a very high standard, loved the spa, steam room, large plasma in bedroom etc etc. Don't know if we were biased coming straight from a stay at a dusty working cattle ranch &amp; a trip to the grand canyon but we loved the spa &amp; pool. Staying away from the strip was a good idea with 5 children &amp; the shuttle bus was handy just be early, I think the drivers watches need resetting. Hated Vegas for a family trip but just one of those things you have to see &amp; would regret if you didn't do it. Cheap internet rates in your room with 3 computers so teenagers were very happy after being out of reach for a while. OOHH! &amp; I forgot to mention the great shopping just across the road.	
May 6 2009 	Very Nice As Long As No Interaction With Staff!	My parent's are owners with Interval International, the timeshare company. My husband and I get to use some of their time all over the place and have always had a fabulous time wherever we stay.We arrived April 26th around noon to check in. Check in is at 4pm and we understood we were early. They pre-registered us and told us they would call us if anything opened, otherwise just come back at 4pm. We came back at 4pm and had to stand in the same long a$$ line. What was pre-registering for?? They told us to go see the Welcome Center Concierge for our welcome packet. So one lady stopped us and told us to go speak with one gentleman. He was nice and started to give us some coupons and such...Then he said he didn't have everything and that we'd need to go see Darcy for the rest of it. Darcy was nice. She said that as owner's guests we could go take a tour of the facility and in exchange get some tickets to a show. We asked her what show and she offered ICE which she said was supposed to be really good. So we said sure, since we've been on many owner tours of resorts we've stayed at within Interval. She took a $40 deposit for our appointment and said that as soon as we were done with our tour the money would be given back, that it's just a way to make people want to show up. The following day we showed up for our appointment. It was a total cattle call. Our &quot;tour guide/salesman&quot; asked us where we were staying, which was weird, we had never been asked that before. We told him at Tahiti Village. He looked at us strange. He took us into a large room where they give presentations. We finally told him that we think we're in the wrong place, that we are supposed to be on an owner's tour, not in the hard sale area. He walked us back down and we were shuffled around from person to person. We finally just said we want our $40 back and walk away. Then they told us that our money would be given back in 3 days. Not cool, that's not what we were told. So one lady said would you like to still get the ICE tickets and we agreed. She said she was going to get a form and came back with Mike. He pretty much said he didn't know what kind of places we've been to before but that's how they operate here. Everyone goes through the presentation. He said in no way would we be getting the tickets and pretty much that we were [--] out of luck for getting our money back any sooner. We told him the kind of review we'd leave for him.Just because of how lousy the staff is there, I really, really wanted to hate this place! I wanted to come on here and completely bash it, but honestly, the facility is so nice it's hard to.The good: Its a new building so you can't hear other guests banging or jumping around as you normally would in other places, the kitchen is very nice, stainless steel appliances, granite counters, large living areas, large tvs in living and bed rooms, lots of lounging chairs at pool and river, the pool and river are nice.The bad: Our view was of a dirt lot overlooking a car rental facility. The only nice part of the view was sunrise in the morning (yes, we were up that early most days). The elevators are in the middle of the building so if you are at the end, it's quite a trek to get to the elevators. Parking was chaotic! Luckily they have the parking garage but if your room is not near it, it's quite a trek too!I really enjoyed that fact that it wasn't in the midst of the &quot;strip&quot;. It's nice to come back to a quiet, calm place where the bells and dinging of slot machines is no where to be found! We didn't use the shuttle because we rented a car and are glad we did! Most days and nights the Douce (double decker bus) was packed. It was just easier to pick the Block we wanted to hang out around and park at one of the casinos for free and walk place to place.There is an outlet mall right across the street...we never went there. We never went to Joe's or Denny's (on sight). There are so many better places to eat than there, in my opinion. The Palms has a fabulous buffet Bistro Buffet that is $9.95 pp for lunch that is actually super delicious with a great dessert area!All in all, this resort is really nice if you're looking for the condo type place. It's not a party atmosphere with hot hard bodies all around. As far as the timeshare portion of it, OWNER OR NOT-JUST SAY NO TO THE PRESENTATION, NO MATTER WHAT THEY OFFER!!!!	
May 4 2009 	Beautiful place clean rooms but many other little problems.	I own; there for my first time. Disappointed the service was not the quality I expected. Received no room freshing half way through our stay. Key card stopped; got locked out with food we had grilled. Had to ask to find things. Other resorts have information in units.  Small unit's kitchen was lacking of pitchers and microwave bowls.  Grill area dirty with the same sauce spills all week even after it was brought to someone attention. Not enough buses for the owners to go to Red Rock State Park? Why isn't there a waiting list; other added as needed?Hassled by the sales manager and lied to by the lady who brought us our packet. When I saw people touring the resort, I wanted to tell them not to buy here.	
May 1 2009 	Nice and Clean	Stayed in Bld #5.Very Nice and had a great view of &quot;The Strip&quot;.Lazy river below was nice.Bed very comfortable and bathroom very big.All furnishings were pretty new,Kitchen and washer dryer good.Shuttles very good.Go to lots of places.Drop of spots good. My only problem with Tahiti Village is the parking.If you dont get a spot around your bld you are going to the parking deck that is pretty far away.Each hallway has to be 200yds long.So lots of walking here.The other will be the next part of building.The next building will block Bld #5 view of Strip.Bld #1@2 do not have good views at all.Plus that will add more walking when they are done building. Rental car location is right next to Tahiti Village.Very easy to get to and drive from location.Airport is minutes away.The place is A1 and I would go there again.Andrew at concerige is the best,Very helpful. AAAAA Plus	
Apr 30 2009 	We enjoyed our stay @ the Tahiti Village	We did a roadtrip from Alberta to L.V. at the last week of August 2008. We exchanged our time through Interval. When we arrived at Tahiti Village, we are so glad of how friendly and courteous the staff were. Check-in was fast and easy (and so was check-out by the way). We enjoyed our 1 week stay at Tahiti Village and no doubt in our minds that when we decide to go back to L.V. we shall stay at the same resort. People were very friendly, excellent customer service, the resort is well maintained, housekeeping was awesome and we loved our room. We had a pool view and it was not noisy at all. The sand pool and hot pool was awesome, always busy though. We did have a chance to use it a couple of times. The hot pool is open up to the early morning. The sand pool is close by 10pm. Tahiti Joe is one of the restaurant at Tahiti Village (we went there once as we spent most of our time at the L.V. strip). There is a Denny's restuaurant on site. Every day at Tahiti Village their was always fun activities. We went to the Red Rock Canyon for $2. It was worth the trip and can hardly beat that price. In addition, during the trip, bottle of water was provided. We would go to the strip late in the afternoons and we would take the free Tahiti shuttle servic to go there and get off by Treasure Island, bottle of water was also free! It was easy to go to and fro the strip because of the free shuttle service and there was three drop off/pickup areas at the strip. Make sure to inquire shuttle operator/concierge where they are located at or asked for the shuttle service schedule! At night, We would take the taxi back to Tahiti Village when we lost track of time. As mentioned, there is a concierge available and they do a wonderful job in booking activities. One thing to watch out for is the Timeshare sales people. We were asked twice but declined nicely. We did not have a hard time looking for parking at the Tahiti Village because we mostly took the Tahiti shuttle bus, and when we did we go for a drive, we were lucky enough to always find an empty spot :). An outlet mall is walking distance from resort. We also liked how Tahiti Village is some distance away from all the lights and noise. Cons: No free internet (very expensive to use at Tahiti Village), and as some reported finding a parking spot can be an issue.For info on Tahiti Village:[--]	
Apr 30 2009 	Pleasently surprised	Very impressed. Read a lot of negative but didn't see anything to worry about. Stayed in Bldg 5 two bedroom. Stayed in lock out portion. Travel regularly with other couple. Very modern and clean. great space. No issue with staff. Did not take the tour and was never bothered. Denny's next door was a bonus. Great place for breakfast. Clean and excellent service.Eastyaccess to the strip hotels and shows. Easier to drive, plenty of parking at the hotels. Pool and lazy river were nice.Would stay again but have a long list of other places to go	
Apr 30 2009 	Unexpectedly "PHENOMENAL" Experience	After all the negative reports of Tahiti Village - I was worried about my stay. However, let me be one of the few to tell you - this resort is beyond beautiful and do not believe the negative reports.I arrived at 1pm (knowing check in was not until 4pm). I was greeted by great service from workers in the lobby. The woman who checked me in went out of her way to ensure I got the perfect room. She asked what building (new or older) and view (strip, standard, pool, or mountain). I chose Building 5 (NEW) pool view. To my surprise our room was ready!! The woman who checked us in was very personable and knowledgeable.After check in - we went to Tahiti Joes for lunch. I had rented a car but did not know where anything was at and was too hungry to look. The greeter at Tahiti Joes was very nice and took our order with ease. We got 2 burgers and fries meals. Here is a complaint: We waited an hour (no lie) for our food to come (we got take out). Furthermore, Tahiti Joes was empty so I could not understand the serious delay. The staff was nice (I won $20 at their slot machine) but that was it. The food was over priced and only average. For those who rent a car, there are many options (the outlet mall which is right across the street [food court], McDonalds and other fast food joints (all within walking distance (bus ride) and driving.Another complaint (though did not bother me) was the groups of visitors whom were doing tours who were being begged to sign their name on the dotted line to purchase a timeshare - the Tahiti Village team would take them to Tahiti Joes and buy them a drink to get them liquored up and sign their name. Avoid this at all costs if you are doing a tour.The room: I got a studio and let me tell you, IT WAS STUNNING!! This is my 4th timeshare room and this one ranks number 1. The studio is the size of a 1 bedroom (really) - it was huge. I had a view of the strip and pool and could see the sun rise every morning. It was great. The bed was super comfortable and the 2 flatscreen tvs were added bonuses. This room is nice for 2 people (a couple), it is cozy and immaculate filled with tropical illustrations. It does not feel like your in the middle of the desert. Be careful though, the standard rooms overlook a dirt field (I think they call that mountain view) - request a pool or strip view.Another complaint is about Building 5 (though this may be consistent in the other buildings as well). If you have a car, you have to park in the garage which is on property but it takes about 10 minutes to get from the garage to your room. Also, there is a LONG (no lie) hallway from outside to the elevators, it goes on forever. When checking in, be ready to carry your bags, groceries a long way. This is only a minor complaint but for those with mobility issues - it may be problematic.Rent a car or not? YES! For me, the convenience of having a car made my vacation even better. However, I can honestly say, the shuttle service (though I did not take it), was seen on property and seems worthwhile. Driving on the strip in April was GREAT!! I have heard the horror stories but it was not bad in anyway. Yes there is traffic, but if you live in any metropolitan city, you can handle the strip. However, if you are going to an event, you should leave 2 hours early (to drive the strip, park the car and get to your location). Speaking of parking, the parking garages at hotels along the strip are FREE - however, they are just as big as the hotels themselves. I found valet to be best (also free) just tip $1 or $2. The only things in walking distance is the outlet mall across the street and gas stations. It is in no way in walking distance to the strip. However, both the airport and rental car facility are next door. Back to Tahiti Village - the sand pool and wave pool are BEAUTIFUL. I did not get to experience it - the weather was cold during most of my stay but I did get to sit at the pool. The chairs are relaxing and areas well kept. Lifeguards were on duty daily and were nice as well. Get ready to be starred at and get photo ops from tours, they are taken to the top of building 5 for an ariel view of property.Housekeeping: Phenomenal, everything I ran out of was replaced within minutes.I did not get to experience any of the activities offered but many were offered. I tried to do the Red Rock Canyon tour through Tahiti Village but was told it was booked solid for 3 weeks. If you know you want to do any tours offered by the resort, book them as early as you can. The concierge were nice (not the greatest).Watch out: Walking around the property (you will get stopped) to take a tour/presentation. Decline nicely and be on your way. Also, on your 2nd day, you will get a call about a &quot;Welcome Package&quot;, DO NOT pick it up. It is a trap for a tour/presentation. Also, for those reports about no maid service, this is a timeshare - that is expected. Also, be on the lookout on the strip from other timeshare presentation people, they will stop you in general conversation and try to get you to attend one, just decline and walk away.In the room - there is no channel line up. The weather channel is not very helpful (it is not local). No internet (very expensive); the channels are good (basic cable).Overall, EXCELLENT experience and already booked a return trip for August.Check out was great.	
Apr 24 2009 	Nice location few issues - good time	We just returned from Tahiti Village 4/20/09. We did a timeshare exchange through Interval International. This is a nice resort if you need to get away from the vegas strip for a while. We stayed in the Royal Tanishan room (2Bdrm lockoff unit) and it was nice but the furniture was beatup a bit and not to comfortable but it had a kitchen and thats what we needed. The lazy river was fun and the pool also but no wait staff and there is construction going on. Be sure to stay away from the gates, they slam everytime people enter and leave the area. We had a few issues with Tahiti Joes - once at night and once at lunch. Both times we got the meals for free because of long wait times plus I heard other complaining too. The bar area does have video poker and slots with drink specials but we only did that for a night. Wouldn't recommend it but Denny's was good!The room had a washer/dryer combo and it didn't work that well so dont count on it and there is not much storage space for clothing in the bedrooms. Shuttle service was great, saved alot on taxi service! They will try to sell you a timeshare but we skipped the &quot;free welcome package&quot;. Allday long they have people coming and going to view this place so book your shows early in the week when the desk is not busy. Have fun!	
Apr 20 2009 	Beautiful Timeshare Resort	I just returned from Tahiti Village this week. I did a timeshare exchange through Interval International. This is a very nice timeshare resort. Beautiful rooms, great pool and lazy river, well landscaped, etc. There are 2 on site restaurants Tahiti Joe's and Denny's. Tahiti Joe's had good food and good service. Denny's was what you would expect from a Denny's. Poor service and mediocore food. They have free shuttle service to the Las Vegas strip which is about 2 miles down Las Vegas Blvd.Keep in mind that this is a timeshare resort, and they will want you to &quot;preview&quot; the resort. Go ahead, spend 2 hours and take the tour. Get some free dinner and show tickets. Just remember, do not purchase a timeshare from them. They will want to sell you a 2 bedroom unit for only $47,000. Ouch!!! If you like the resort and want to purchase a unit just google &quot;Tahiti Village Timeshare Resales&quot;. You will get a gazillion hits and can buy a unit for a fraction of what the developer wants. Also, look on Ebay.If you have a rental car make sure you visit Red Rock Canyon which is about 15 miles from Las Vegas. It will be the best $5.00 you spend while in Vegas.  If you want a real adventure, get up early and drive 160 miles to Zion National Park in Utah. It takes about 2 1/2 hours to get there. Once you get out of Vegas the speed limit is 75 mph. It costs $25.00 per car to get in the park. The place is absolutley beautiful. Great scenery and hiking. Bring a backpack to carry water and snacks. You won't be disappointed. Stay away from Grand Canyon West and the Grand Canyon Skywalk. It's a private enterprise on an Indian reservation, and it's a money hungry, cash grabbing, tourist trap. Visit the State and National Parks in the area and save your cash.If you decide to stay at Tahiti Village, you won't be disappointed in the accomodations. The place is beautiful. Just remember, it is a timeshare resort. Take the tour, but just say NO!!!	
Apr 15 2009 	Great time with the kids.	We were in town for a convention that my husband had to attend. My 3 kids came along for the ride as well. We enjoyed the lazy river and pool. The rooms were immaculate and had nice flat-screen tvs and a spacious kitchen to prepare meals. The shopping outlet is located across the street which was nice to walk around if you didn't want to take the shuttle to the strip. There is a general store which came in handy when we needed to by breakfast items and toiletries. Tahiti Joe's is a great family oriented restaurant located onsite. We will definitely come back.	
Apr 14 2009 	Perfect vacation - R	This was our 3rd year staying here. We are owners in Consolidated Resorts. I have a 4 year old son and he loves the huge pool with the beach entry. This year the lazy river was open and it was great. Love the Tahitian theme....we live in California and Las vegas is only a 3 1/2 hour drive but the way the resort is designed it makes you feel like you are really AWAY! You can choose to do nothing...lay out at the pool, lazy river, stay in your room.....or take advantage of activities that the resort has. Their conceriege desk is very helpful. As an owner you can buy various show tickets at a GREAT price!!! The rooms are very nice and comfortable. We stayed in a Bora Bora (1 bedroom with a full kitchen). We love this resort and can't wait to go back next year!!!	
Apr 14 2009 	Place 2 Escape	My parents are owners here. I have been to Vegas many times and enjoy the entire scene. What I loved most about Tahiti Village was after all the &quot;noise&quot; of the Vegas Strip it was nice to relax in a non Casino like enviroment. Their pools are refreshing and inviting and if you don't feel like eating out again you can have a bbq by the pools! In my eperience out rooms have always been clean. I even ask them to change my bedding when I get there. Their team are always respectful any hour of the day. The only downfall to Tahiti Village is that the shuttles only run unitll 11pm. Not ideal for the younger crownd looking to go out.	
Apr 13 2009 	lovely stay	As one addicted to trip advisor reviews i did have concerns before our trip due to the amount of negative comments on trip advisor. We stayed for 10 nights, found all staff to be personable and polite, no pressure to take timeshare tours, no problems with parking, shuttles ran on time and were efficient, location at the south end of the strip was perfect for us. As brits we have no problem with walking for 2 mins from the car park, our room was at the end of the corridor from the elevator but took only a minute to walk down. the Bora Bora was clean and comfortable, although sparsely equipped we had no concerns as we did not cook in the apartment, no kettle which is always a problem for a big tea drinker. Steam shower and Large jacuzzi bath were wonderful,plenty of towels provided. We were an end apartment and had no problem with noise from other apartments, despite being spring break. 10 mins walk to las vegas outlet mall and town square mall, with cinema complex which was lovely in the evening, where the locals seemed to go, better than the strip in my opinion. Would defineately stay again if in the area, but would encourage people to get out of vegas and explore the stunning landscapes that surround the valley, driving very straightforward.	
Apr 8 2009 	Weekend in Las Vegas	I landed in Las Vegas on 4/3/2009. I didn't know the turbulence to land was so BAD! I'm scared of airplanes and this made it worse. The hotel was nice. Drinks are very expensive. Pool is not that big. Deepest part is is like 4'. Make sure you get what you asked for though. Expedia told us we would get a full kitchen and we received a kitchen w/o stove and dishwasher, but they credited $100 to our expedia account. Also, best time to go is after May. The weather was pretty cold when I arrived; 52 F - 75 F (for those who enjoy the hot weather like me). They offer a shuttle to the strip every half hour which is pretty convenient. The bad part of the stay at the hotel was that there are MANY people trying to buy a time share, and it is very uncomfortable to walk around while everyone looks at you. But this usually happens during the daytime (9:00 am - 4:00 pm). Remember, this hotel is OFF the strip, so if you're staying out late, you have to catch a cab back ($13 - $20). There is also an Outback, Chipotle, McDonalds, Denny's, and Chilli's next to the hotel. Have fun!	
Apr 5 2009 	Loved It	We had a great time here and would recommend it highly. We're experienced travelers and not that easy to please. Had two teenagers with us, family of 4 in the Bora Bora, perfect! Shuttles are great, extremely timely and it's so nice to not have to drive the strip, park, valet etc. Did the Red Rock Tour for $2 p.p. very nice, about 1 hour too long, but worth it. The pool is great, easy to get big beach towels, as many as you want. Lazy River was terrific. Front desk did a great job. We did not do the tour, we were not interested in a time share purchase. We did buy 1/2 price tkts to Cirque du Soleil - very convenient and the show was great. I would rate this a great value.	
Mar 31 2009 	Had A Great Stay! Relaxing.	We stayed for 3 nights and loved it. Very laid back. The place is very new and clean looking. We stayed in the Bora Bora Suite and thought it was very comfortable. We liked the relaxed atmosphere compared to the hotels directly on the strip. You can drive to the strip in minutes driving your car, not too bad. The shuttles are kind of a pain, getting back to Tahiti Village took a while (getting on the right shuttle at the Tropicana is confusing). They are also pretty crowded, but so is everything in Vegas. Parking wasn't bad either as some reviews have said. Alot closer than parking at Excaliber or Circus Circus. Pool and Lazy River are awesome, couldn't keep the kids out of them! We never were approached by a salesman, they we giving tours all the time but never bothered us. Staff was very friendly and anything we needed from housekeeping (towels, trash bags, t.p.) were brought up within ten minutes, very good service. We will be back again.	
Mar 29 2009 	Comfortable and homey	Very clean, bright and &quot;homey,&quot; which I know sounds odd for a hotel in Vegas. My wife and I just returned from a weekend with the family and had a wonderful experience at Tahiti Village. We were skeptical when we booked our two bedroom, two bathroom, full kitchen suite, but were pleasantly surprised when we arrived. The room had all brand new appliances, comfy mattresses and huge flatscreen HDTVs in four rooms. The master bedroom also had a giant jacuzzi tub. The hotel is great for kids if you're traveling with family. The hotel boasts a huge (I mean huge!) swimming pool with a &quot;sandy beach,&quot; a large hot tub, and best of all a lazy river. Also, the hotel is far enough off the Strip that kids won't be inundated with racy images as soon as they step foot out the front door. That is a plus if you are a parent, but perhaps not so much if you are not. The hotel does offer a free shuttle from the lobby to multiple drop-offs along the Strip. It's about a 10-minute ride from Tahiti Village to the Tropicana.The room was only $160/night, and we expected to receive a high-pressure sales pitch to buy into the timeshare program, but we were once again pleasantly surprised. We were never given a sales pitch and never asked to take a tour with a sales agent. The staff was very friendly and helpful. All in all a great hotel!	
Mar 28 2009 	Unacceptable all around	Completely dissapointed. Staff was very unfriendly and even rude within the resort. There was no daily cleaning service. Would have to wait for hours to get new towels, pillows or blankets brought to the room. The fitness room left a lot to be desired. Huge hassel trying to get to and from the strip using the shuttle that stops after 11pm. Did not enjoy being hit on by staff, very unprofessional. Would not recommend for the younger crowd. The restruant Tahiti Joes had even worse service even when it was empty. Ordered room service pizza from there and made everyone sick. Advertised a lazy river...which isn't completed yet. Miserable experience - should have stayed at a shady motel and recieved better service.	
Mar 25 2009 	Very nice but very big	I booked this resort as a hotel (2-bedrooms for 3 nights) it was a great value. I just wish the resort would have built an elevator to the end of tower 5. The building is a 9-story tower and after you park in there big parking facility you have to walk the length of a football field to the elevator and then walk the same length back to get to your rooms. Our rooms were in the 8th floor and it was a little too much to walk up the 8 flight of stairs. The rooms are really nice and big. I would definitely stay there again but hope for more elevators.	
Mar 22 2009 	Okay place poor service wouldn't go again certainly wouldn't buy	I'll start by saying that the place is not that bad - comfortable, spacious rooms (stayed in Bora Bora suite) and kitchen was very nice. The place was, overall, quite clean. The service, however, was poor (at best!). The front desk was uninformed/uneducated about the resort (i.e. could not answer simple questions about internet access, shuttle times, etc.) and they were also not at all accommodating (i.e. when we asked for a half hour extension on check-out, they refused -- even though no one came to clean the room or touched it for a full hour after 10am check out!). The service is borderline rude in that they don't seem to care much since the entire place is more focused on selling the timeshares. I wouldn't buy a timeshare - there are much better deals out there! Also, the shuttle service is slow and unreliable -- and the resort is quite a distance from the strip and all the action (but at least close to the airport). The pool is nice, the rooms are big, and the food in the area is decent (and convenient). Not going back.	
Mar 22 2009 	gorgeous hotel but DON'T BUY OWNERSHIP	The resort itself is absolutely gorgeous, the pool is AMAZING! DOn't get suckered into buying at a timeshare meeting, we bought our unit at Tahiti village, the royal Tahitian every other year for $1400 total on EBAY, they were going to charge over $20,000 at the meeting. That's right over 90% off by buying online, this works with pretty much every timeshare out there if you keep your eyes open, there are so many foreclosed timeshares that they basically give the foreclosed ones away so someone will pay the maintenance fees. Before you go to a timeshare meeting go with a list of listings from the internet showing how cheap they sell for and the salespeople won't press to hard since the downpayment they require is usaully more than the full proce if you online!!!!!!!!!!	
Mar 19 2009 	Great rooms nice quite place to stay	After reading all of the negative feeback from the different sites, I was a little worried about my stay at the village. I stayed with my husband, brother in law, and my parents, we had a two bedroom suite. It was huge, plenty of room for the five of us, and so nice and updated. The shuttle ran right on time, we never had to wait, they picked us up at the condo and dropped us off at several spots on the strip. We never used a taxi and we didn't rent a car and we went from one end of the strip to other end, with no issues at all! If you want to be right on the strip and walk from hotel to hotel I would not suggest this place, however, if you are looking to save some many and don't mind riding on shuttles, this a a great hotel to stay at.	
Mar 18 2009 	It ain't the strip and it ain't Tahiti	Don't bother, there is nothing redeeming about this entire place. You're much better off staying anywhere else, plus the ridiculous sales pressure is totally a downer. I will never ever come back to this place- it's not worth the trouble.	
Mar 4 2009 	Great Rooms	I stayed at Tahiti Village with my husband and a friend. We are owners and this was our first visit. We were in the BoraBora and had a great room. We were able to check in early. We had a slight problem with the &quot;owners update&quot; they wanted to give us, but once we told them the times that were available did not work into our schedule we were not bothered again. Asked for extra towels and had them shortly after returning to our room. Had asked for a room with a view of the pool, but was given a room with a view of the strip and was surprised that you could see the strip from the room. The shuttle to the strip was always on time and the drivers pleasant. The only complaint that we had was that the staff were not as friendly as we would have liked. Very rarely did any of them made eye contact and spoke if you met them outside or in the hallways. Overall it was a good experience.	
Feb 18 2009 	Great resort...great pool	We loved our stay here, our only complaint was about the weather. The rooms were large and very nice. We would have loved to visit the pool if it had been warmer. It looks like a great place to take kids...so we've already booked a return trip soon! There is a lazy river that you can float on with tubes and a sandy beach area for the kids to play in the sand. The shuttle service they provide to the strip and back is excellent, we flew and didn't need a rental car at all. We dined at Tahiti Joe's (the onsite restaurant) and it was really good and it was 2 for 1 during the food happy hour. A great deal for a great resort...we will be back!	
Feb 18 2009 	would not step foot at this place ever again	its too bad nobody mentions 48000.00 to buy into this hype oh yeah and a thousand a year forever.okay people lets do the math 48000.00 time 52 for one place. wow now thats a scam	
Feb 10 2009 	Much better than I anticipated	So I was a bit leary after reading some of the reviews about Tahiti Village. We had booked a trip for four (my husband, myself, and our two children, 6 &amp; 12). We stayed in the Junior Suite with Kitchenette and I have to say I was very pleasantly surprised. We hadn't been to Vegas for over 13 years and had no idea what to expect. I have read some complaints about the location and I will say it is not in the heart of the action on the strip but we both agreed that for a family, it was perfect. Most of the hotels on the strip offer parking so rather than march my two young children through the smut peddlers in order to tour the strip on foot, we would simply drive from one attraction to the next. We had driven in our own vehicle to Vegas so we didn't have to worry about a rental or using their shuttles. The room was very nice. There was a sofa that made into a queen bed which sat in a small living room area. The kitchenette had a microwave, fridge and sink and the cupboards were stocked with dishes and silverware for four people. There was a large pantry/coat closet area for storage and a bar with a few bar stools for sitting. The bathroom had two entrances, one from the living room and one from the bedroom. The bathroom was nice and large and you didn't feel at all crowded if someone was bathing or shower and someone was using the sink. The bedroom had a King bed which was one of the better hotel beds I have slept on. Both the living room and bedroom had a flat screen TV. One of the remotes didn't work properly and we had a new one delivered quickly upon request. My husband did notice the airplane noise more than I did. It is in the landing path of McCarran airport but I didn't find it at all disruptive. The property and the pools are gorgeous! There are outside BBQ grills and sinks if you want to BBQ and dine outside. The pools are lovely even though it was quite chilly when we were there. We didn't eat at the onsite restaurant or try the free breakfast but if you go south of the hotel, further down the strip, there was a number of restaurants and good shopping. We did eat at the garden buffet at the SouthPointe Casino one night. It was a couple of miles further south on the boulevard. It was reasonably priced, clean, and worth the money for our family. We were asked twice if we would be interested in a 'tour' of the facility or if we had received the promotional 'gift' to which we simply answered no thanks. Easy as that. I didn't feel any extreme pressure to take any timeshare presentations. There were people touring the facility with hotel employees but it wasn't at all distracting or weird. As a family or just as a couple, we will definitely keep this place in mind. I actually appreciated being off of the craziness of the 'Strip' and I liked not having to walk through a smoky casino to get to my hotel room.	
Feb 4 2009 	Great place - Comfortable Well-kept but Rent a Vehicle	I certainly plan to stay here again because the property is very new (completed in August 2008), it's clean, comfortable, well-appointed and reasonably priced.Because we were a group of six, we stayed in the Royal Tahitian suite (combination of the Bora Bora and Moorea suites). The Bora Bora had a full kitchen and steam shower while the Moorea had a half-kitchen and a much smaller bathroom. Both types of suites will sleep four (both come with pull-out sofas), but I would opt for the Bora Bora because the larger space and extra amenities (including a deck) are worth it. If your traveling just as a pair and you don't plan to spend much time in your suite, the Moorea is just fine. Both suites come with two large screen LCD TVs and a DVD player.The only drawback and the reason this property is not a 5/excellent - the location. This is Las Vegas and it's always great to be able to walk out and be a few steps from the action. Tahiti Village is technically on the Strip, but it's definitely not walking distance to the major casinos (not even Mandalay Bay). On the plus side though, it is fairly near a new and very large shopping complex called Town Square.I think a rental car is a necessity (despite the lack of parking spaces), but Tahiti Village offers free shuttles every two hours to the heart of the Strip.Overall, it's a great property. If only it was closer to the other major Las Vegas properties/attractions....	
Feb 3 2009 	Had a great stay!	I was a recent owner andfrom Canada and had booked a Royal Tahitian for 8 Ladies for a Stagette girls trip. The check in went well and we all survived in a 2 bedroom and some of us had never met. The bathroom set up was great as after all showered plenty of mirror space to get ready. Loved laying by the pool during the day and having drinks. The Food for Less grocery store is one block away with great priced beverages and food. The Las Vegas Outlet is literally across the highway with great shopping but the best is PRIMM Nevada with Hollister and American Eagle Outlets. Tahiti Joes has a laid back fun atmosphere! We had a great time the bell boys were trustworthy and fantastic as we had a 10am check out and 9pm flight they kept our stuff all day, and the fantastic Hawaiian girls at front desk gave us a day pool key to hang out at the pool all day and the near by bathroom/shower allowed us to freshen up before our flight. All round impressed. Have been back in Sept 08 with husband and Dec 08 with another 11 friends cousins! Will be back MAy 09 to enjoy Lazy River can't wait!!!	
Jan 30 2009 	not bad at all	we booked the resort with flights for a good price..after reading alot of negative things about this place myself and my family were really taken with the place..the sales staff only came up to us once.(its good having a british accent) we just said no thank -you..maybe if we were american or canadian the boot would have been on the other foot...the suite we had was large,very clean,the steamer in the shower was a god send...as other reviews have said some of the staff need a kick up the backside.the so called breakfast was a joke,cake and coffeethe pool and hottub were clean ,the resort bar had very good happy hour times..4-6 pm and also 11pm-2am..all in all very good resort but the staff could try harder	
Jan 26 2009 	Happy with Resort But Staff VERY rude!	Our family checked in Jan 19th, 09 &amp; didn't get room requested. They refused to change it, saying &quot;There just isn't anything left&quot; Even though while looking in the room windows at night, clearly 95% no lights on. 5 people 1 bedroom &amp; 1 pull out bed. It was not so much fun. It's a good thing this was our first trip to Vegas &amp; we spent most of our time away. Hot tub outside was nice, but always had 5-10 wet towels laying around the tub &amp; smoke butts on the ground. Staff at Tahiti Joes was always rude when we ordered room service &amp; if delivered to your room, they charge 18% Gratuity. Gift shop charges 3$ for a small pop &amp; almost 3$ for coffee &amp; don't mention you think that's expensive, because they will bite your head off.Check out day we asked for them to call us a cab to the airport &amp; they said it would be 5 min. 30 min later &amp; growing concerned we'd be late for our flight, my husband went to ask if they called. Female at front desk said &quot;Oh isn't there cabs already outside?&quot; then said &quot;A cab for 5, could be up to 2 hours before one arrives&quot; Well thanks so much for telling us that 30 minutes ago &amp; thanks so much for calling one when we asked. Eventually we had no choice but to call 2 separate cabs or we would have missed our flight. $15.00 a piece. The resort is beautiful I'll give it that. The shuttle bus runs every 30 min to &amp; from Strip &amp; is really nice, but it only runs until 11:45pm (last shuttle from Tropicana) making it difficult to enjoy nightlife, unless you're willing to spend $50 on a cab (shuttle driver's words)Would I ever consider returning? Maybe, but only for the hot tub &amp; the outside view!	
Jan 21 2009 	great value	Room was clean and comfortable. Restaurant was just OK but there is Denny's across the street (literally speaking) and a bunch of other alternatives within walking distance.The shuttle service to the Strip was a little confusing at times and the front desk personnel did not seem to know the schedule. Great value for the money.	
Jan 12 2009 	New Years Stay	Spent three nights over New Years in a Royal Tahitian suite in the big tower (Bld 6 I think). Wife’s parents are owners. After reading all the negative reviews we were very tentative about our trip and checked in expecting the worst. I am pleased to say our stay was pleasant in most aspects and we look forward to future visits. Service staff were polite and helpful.Rooms were clean, spacious, and well maintained. Large flat screen TV’s in each room and the master bath had a great spa bathtub and steam shower.House keeping does not come in every day, but this amenity was not necessary as we have no problem making our own beds, and besides, they promptly attended to any need we had – new towels, kitchen supplies, coffee, etc… they even came immediately to the room when we called about a spill. Our room was on the 8th floor and faced west. It was a busy weekend for airline traffic yet we could not hear any plane noise at all despite being able to see them come in on approach.We were not bothered by any harassing sales calls or sales people. Although I admit they hung around in packs and their were constant tours going on. But again, we hardly noticed, and experienced none of the hassles others have complained about.Now some downers:Although Tahiti Joes is a decent enough restaurant, don’t order any of the “spicy” foods unless you really like HOT. A wired idiosyncrasy is that you have to order cocktails from a separate server and pay a separate bar bill – that seems strange to us.We brought along the Wii for the kids, but the flat screens are mounted so flush to the walls you can’t slip a hand in to access input terminals. In the end I went to Radio Shack and bought RCA adaptors and then used the jacks from the DVD player on the main TV. The real downer of the place was that the big tower has ZERO internet service. I talked to someone about it and they say their tech company had a problem during construction and they were not expecting Wi-Fi for a while. Denny’s is the only free internet access available.If anyone in your party has trouble walking make sure you get a room close to the elevators, the big tower hallways are football fields long.Being a holiday weekend not much work was happening, but major construction is and will continue to be going on for some time. If you look at the resort map, phase III has only just broken ground on the entire eastern side of the resort. I can certainly see how this will be irritating especially with an east facing room.	
Jan 7 2009	Great Resort Rooms Very Large and Comfortable	My wife and I just returned from a 4 night stay at Tahiti Village. We had the 2 bedroom, 2 bath unit and shared it with another couple (my best friend and his wife). We stayed on the third floor of Building 5. The rooms were very large, it had a full well stocked kitchen in the living area and another well stocked kitchenette in the attached lock-off. The unit was approx. 1550 square feet. It was absolutely spotless and clean when we arrived. The unit looked brand new and like we were the first people to stay in it. The rooms were very well insulated so you didn't hear noise from any adjacent rooms. I read most of the other reviews and don't understand why they were so negative. Yes, the resort is not in the middle of the strip. It is located on the south end of the Las Vegas strip about 1 1/2 miles south of the Mandalay Bay resort. Yes, it is more convenient if you have a car. However, the shuttle service provided by Tahiti Village was more than adequate. It leaves every 1/2 hour and runs to around midnight. We took the shuttle to the Tropicana which was opposite the MGM, New York, New York and the Excaliber. Yes, the breakfast buffet wasn't that great. But overall I would say that this resort, though not perfect, is a good place to stay. I will definitely come back.	
Dec 29 2008	OK Room - not very great staff or breakfast	We were staying there overnight with 2 kids (3 &amp; 8) to land at 11:00 pm and depart the next day at 11:00 am. FIlight was delayed and we landed at 1:00 am. I asked for a later checkout as the kids and I were exhausted. Front desk night manager said it was policy that we had to be out at 10:00 am. or we would be charged an extra day, call back at 8:00 am to ask for late checkout. We went round and round on this with no sympathy on her part. Morning continental breakfast was a joke served from 9:00 to 10:00 only - it was packed in there. They only served coffee, muffins and juice. Super long line to even get a muffin. We ducked out to the dennys downstairs. Rooms are decent and pretty large, just not a staff that really wants you there.	
Dec 8 2008 	Scam artists!!!	I never even got the opportunity to visit this establishment due to the fact that my Father fell gravely ill and subsiquently passed away. I won the trip on the radio and had to pay $100 up front for a reservation and that was to be refunded after we listened to their sales pitch....Apparently the 6 months that I was caring for my ill Father had run up, and I was left with no trip and they also refuse to refund the $100 deposit I had to pay when I first won the trip. They give you 6 months to redeem it apparently - this I was not aware of when I first won. There response to my email asking for my deposit back and explaining my Father's death was this: Your package was only valid for 6 months from the date of purchase which was 11/30/2006. At this moment a refund will not be issued since the package has expired. Thank You. [--]Customer Service Associate  I think they run a despectible business and I hope they go bankrupt!!	
Dec 4 2008 	Rooms 	OK, so this was our family's first experience with exchanging a timeshare. We own a week in Rangely, ME, but since we have family in LV, we decided to trade out for this year, and spend the holidays at Tahiti Village.First, I never proactively received a confirmation of our reservation from either TV or Interval. I had to call both of them several times to make sure our reservation was safe.After our arrival with no glitches, I was looking forward to a nice week. We had the Royal Tahitian, which is two separate rooms with a common living room and kitchen. Beautiful suite. The living and sleeping areas were great. We had a bit of trouble with the jacuzzi tub, but maintenance came by and fixed it within a half hour.Pros:- Great rooms (stayed in Tower 2)- Wonderful pool and hot tub area - we swam for 5 out of 7 days during thanksgiving week.- Relatively good and timely serviceCons:- PARKING is horrible!!! There is not enough parking for all the guests. This was mostly true on the weekend. During the week it was less crowded.- In-suite Washer/Dryer can handle about 3 things at a time. Even a small load takes 2 hours to dry.- CONSTANT flow of sales people and prospects, even on thanksgiving.- We missed the mid-week housekeeping. Getting our room back on schedule took 3 calls to the front office and housekeeping. Finally, 2 days later, they came to clean the room.- Pizza place flyers under the door almost every day.- Automated phone messages left on voicemail at about 7AM. This left a blinking light on the phone that would wake us up.Overall, I think the management at Tahiti Village does not care excessively about customer service or satisfaction. They are going for quantity of owners over quality. They try to shove as many people through the sales pitch as possible.	
Dec 3 2008 	A great resort!	We are owners at their sister property, Tahiti, on Tropicana Blvd. When I made reservations for a 2BR there, I was told they had none available for the dates we wanted (Thanksgiving week). As a curtesy, they booked us at TV (the 2nd time we'd stayed there).Our checkin was flawless - I had asked for a room overlooking the Strip in Bldg #1 and they easily accomodated us - 4th floor.We enjoy watching the lights and seeing the planes land at the airport - and even though it seems like we are only a stones throw from the airport - I never heard a plane landing while there - even when we had the balcony door open. The soundproofing in both the door and windows are great.Our guests staying in the lock off unit did, however, say they heard a baby crying in the room next to them one night - but not again. We COULD hear 'muffled' voices through the our bedroom wall - and the sound of anyone running their shower or whirlpool tub - but not enough to disturb our sleep.We rented a car for this trip and never did use the shuttle - although they just started a new schedule. Rather than the TV shuttle taking you to the Town Center Shops - Tropicana - Treasure Island - the new schedule has it taking you ONLY to the Tropicana (every 30 min), then you have to take a 2nd shuttle up the Strip to T.I. and Stratosphere or you can take another shuttle headed to NYNY, The Orleans and then to the Tahiti and Club Soleil properties. So if you use the shuttle - be prepared to make 'connections. Oh, and now you need a shuttle 'pass' that you get from the 'consierge'. While they tell you to come pick up your &quot;welcome package' that includes this pass - it is just a ploy to get you to agree to another 'owner update'. My husband just went down late in the evening and just asked for the passes (although we never used them).Our room was very clean - there were PLENTY of towels, TP and kleenex for us to use (we were there 4 nights - so we didn't have our room serviced), but anytime we asked for something (like extra coffe paks), we were accomodated with a smile!We didn't use the pool - although it is heated to 82 degrees, we didn't have time - but there were several people in there every day. They were fililng the lazy river, and I see from the live webcam that is is still filled, but doesn't seem to be open.Didn't partake in the 'free' continental breakfast available from 9 to 10 am over at Tahiti Joes - seems like that is where the sales people now bring all their 'prospects'.Check out was no problem - you leave a $100 deposit on your credit card when you check in - internet service is $9.99 daily (a little pricey) No wifi in the older buildings - but you can borrow a network cable while you're there if you have your own laptop.One of the best features is their proximity to the Rental Car Center - literally around the block! Comeout of the Rental Car garage, make 2 rights and you're there!Overall - we enjoyed our time there - wouldn't hesitate to go back.	
Dec 3 2008 	not happy	They just care about your money and nothing else	
Nov 30 2008 	Waste of Time	Our initial stay at Tahiti Village was in August and we decided to split our week and finish our time on Thanksgiving of this year, the first thing about them is their sales staff are very rude and pushy, they push their way through wherever they are taking their &quot;guests&quot;, we have been crowded off elevators and ran off sidewalks by these sales people, one even woke me up taking people down the hall at 8 AM, keep in mind, I was on the sixth floor, we figured that maybe it is just their big Grand Opening on their new Phase, we were also told that all guests are owners, but for some reason I have found several sites online a can rent a room,? Also one pool and one hot tub with the mysterious foam floating on top, you'd think they could at least put in one hot tub per phase, we have been promised the Lazy River would be done by Summer, then it was by August, then it was November 26th, not even close! But I was told by the staff that &quot;they are just checking for leaks&quot; come on people, they can do better than that, the parking is rediculous, but they have added the all new parking garage! On the other hand, they told us when we were checking out that there was a free valet service because of the parking issues, Be very careful, if you pull out and try to load your car by the gate security will come and tell you to move because the limos need the space for the &quot;new owners&quot; I would like to know why they are taking the new owners down to the parking garage instead of the front door. Gee I thought that we were the new owners they already got our money. The walls are paper thin, we could hear the conversation the people next door was having at 3 AM, then their kids decided to jump on the bed, the water running somewhere upstairs from us, I was very dissappointed in the place as a whole. We were never told the small unit does not have an oven or stove, a kitchenette is nice but if you plan on cooking it is going to be microwave food. We have had better stays down the street in a $39 a night room. Please beware, if you buy into this it is not the end and they dont go away, they will call you at home with upgrade deals, and when you make a reservation they will call wanting you to do their &quot;Owner Update&quot; and yes,they will call your cell phone!	
Nov 21 2008 	A great bday weekend	We originally booked another timeshare hotel about 6 weeks before our arrival. The week of our stay, we get a call that that resort was still under construction and that we were to be moved to Tahiti village. I arrive in the early afternoon, where I am greeted by a friendly reception staff (on the right). I am a timeshare owner who swapped out from another location to visit LV. After checking in a woman with plastic lai beads and a hawaiian shirt approaches me and starts asking me rapid fire questions, am I an owner am I the only owner, how long am I staying etc.? This was all in an attempt to get me to tour the current property.Now after being on a plan for 6 hours I'm was a little disconbomlated (sp?) and could have done without that, she stops after I show some disinterest and I press on to my rooom.Our rooms (i had two of the smallest units) were in building 5. I had to walk out of the main part, around the pool and to the back of then property past the outdoor grills. Building 5 has a concerige desk in it (I'm assuming all the buliding do). Becareful these people are here to assist but to also get you to take a tour. You can tell this place is brand new, its beautiful. Got to the room, it was clean, had flat screens in both the living room and bedrooms, and a radio (that is hidden) in the living room. In the small unt there is no stove, but there was a microwave, toaster, sink, mini fridge, silverware and dishwashing liquid. We fit 3 girls (ages 26-35) in each room quite comfortably. They only clean once a week but will happily give you more towels, soap and remove any trash you've accumlated. We didn't care too much for a view, as we mainly slept most of the time we were in the room.The hotel doesn't have wifi (seriously) but Denny's does and i was able to pick up Denny's wifi from our room on the 4th floor of tower 5.There is a shuttle that takes you to then strip, and for the most part it was timely. Something to note, you have to the desk to get a shuttle pass which is good for everyone one in your party. If you plan to split up then get a shuttle pass for everyone.The resort is across the street from what I like to call &quot;a paired down&quot; outlet mall. Its a good place to go if you need something quick and dirty or want a cheap meal at the food court, but it wasn't the outlet mall I was expecting. Stores included, Coach, Ann Taylor, Calvin Klein, Sean John, a bunch of shoe stores. There is a sprint store, and a bunch of fast food places in this area.I took a cab (about $10 with traffic one way, $3.30 base then what a .25 every 1/8 miile) to the Food for Less grocery store. This grocery store is a combination costco (bj's, sams club)/regular grocery store/liquor store. There is also a CVS located here.All in all good experience, lovely place I'd recommend.	
Nov 11 2008 	Great	We just returned from our stay at this resort for the second year in a row and had a great experience. We have gone to Las Vegas for three years in a row now because my husband attends the Sema show for business. The second year out in Las Vegas we bought a timeshare at Tahiti. We chose to stay at Tahiti Village just because it is newer and located on the main strip just past the &quot;big hotels&quot; a little further down. I have no complaints with our stay. The rooms are very spacious, the bathroom in the one bedroom is very nice with a whirlpool tub, the kitchens are very up to date and the whole unit was very clean. As far as the service the housekeeping staff was extremely prompt in all our requests including requesting more towels, towel pick up, trash removal, bringing more saundries when requested and so on. I have no compaints very friendly staff and love the fact that if you are not there to gamle and smell smoke every minute this resort gives a definite feel of a more tropical setting. We had a great time!	
Nov 7 2008 	Beautiful place to stay - Great Customer Service- Ready to go again	We are owners of a timeshare, and have never used it until Oct. 30, 2008. It was more than we expected, and can't wait to go again. Checkin was easy and agent courteous. We are glad we bought it now. And advise otheres to check it out.Not a noisy casino type facility. You actually don't feel like you are in Las Vegas. They have shuttles that make 4 stops along the strip that run regularly. A resturant/bar right next door. The courtesy bus makes a grocery store run. You could possibly not have to rent a car when you stay there. Location 3 minutes from the airport. Right next to outlet mall and resturants.Contact us for a referral and free 3night 4 day stay there.thomasj_ut@yahoo.comAfter being there I'd invite anyone to visit Tahiti Village.	
Nov 4 2008 	Beware - still under construction!!!!	BEWARE - there is heavy construction going on. Las Vegas means late shows and wanting to sleep in (a bit).....don't count on it for a while....the construction trucks start beeping between 6-8am each week day and not to mention the banging on the pipes. Also - this place is right next to the airport.....so you WILL hear the planes.The rooms were nice. There is a free shuttle to a few spots on the strip that are useful if they are running on schedule. Night time they are always late because there is a lot of contruction on the freeways.We tried it - never going back and would not recommend this place. You can find something better closer to the strip and not have to depend on shuttles to get you to the strip.	
Nov 2 2008 	Stay away - Not on Strip - Sales staff hound you - Dirty Rooms	This is by far one of the worst places I stayed at Vegas. 1. It is on the strip but it is not anywhere near any of the other Main hotels. 2. The sales staff hounded us every time we walked through the lobby or was out by the pool. After the 3rd day I was ready to find a new place to stay. 3. The rooms were new but the sheets were dirty, the showers had mold and had bugs. The one good thing I can say - Is that I DO NOT OWN in this timeshare. If I was a owner, I would feel that I got scammed.Do not go to this resort.. Spend a little extra and get a nice place on the strip....	
Oct 25 2008 	loved the view of the strip	oct.25 2008,just came back from a week stay at the village and it was the best,freindly fast service,really nice pool,hot tub ,steam showers,big screen tv,spacious rooms,excellant view of strip,free bus shuttle which the drivers were great and full of info, always on time, the weather was excellant,people were kind and freindly,wife and i just had a blast and are wanting to plan another trip next year. truly was awsome time	
Oct 21 2008 	Kids love the pool!	I loved,loved, loved the pool, there is a sand beach with toys for kids. Web pictures don't do justice to how pretty the pool area is. There are waterfalls at both ends of the pool (but not in the pool), a whirlpool that is actually hot with great jets. This pool is also great for kids because of the zero depth entry, an area that is 2 ft deep, and areas of the pool that shallow for very small children. The lazy river had not opened yet and we were told it would be ready in three more weeks. There was a tiki bar at the pool but no servers.The rooms were spacious and nicely decorated. We had the smallest unit and had plenty of room for three of us. My two complaints about the room are, there was no balcony and the windows did not open so we couldn't listen to the poolside waterfalls. TIP: Try to ask for a pool view room, some units overlook the parking lot and have no view at all. There is also no daily maid service, but this is typical in timeshare resorts. We didn't have any problems with service, but heard others had problems with the shuttle and the staff not being very informed about the area.The resort is very close to the airport, but we could not hear planes from inside our fourth floor unit, you do however hear them loud and clear while at the pool. My two biggest complaints overall: No wi-fi, you could go to the lobby and sign into Denny's signal but that was quite inconvenient. My second major complaint is that every time we walked out any door, we had to walk through a cloud of cigarette smoke from the sales staff. gross. This was a great place for us with our small son because of the pool and the family atmosphere	
Oct 14 2008 	Consolidated Timeshare resort affliated with Interval International (II)	Tahiti Village is a lovely 3-star resort located on Las Vegas Blvd just about 1 mile south of Mandalay Bay and 2 miles from the airport by taxi. For all practical purposes, its location is “off strip” but the resort provides an excellent shuttle service on comfortable buses to 4 strip locations: Tropicana, Treasure Island, Stratosphere and the Premium Outlets. The shuttle runs fairly frequently and is pretty reliable.Room accomodations: We stayed in a 1-bedroom premium (Bora Bora) located in the newer building. The facility is quite nice with an optimal layout scheme. There is a concierge service on the entry floor (usually manned) and ice service with vending areas on each floor. The Bora Bora rooms are fully equipped and sleep a total of 4 in a king master and queen sofabed. They also have balconies with table and chairs. The thick glass balcony doors do a good job of keeping out construction noise, but note that there is also ongoing indoor construction which is quite loud at times. The bathroom impressed me most with its convenient floor plan, oversized whirlpool jacuzzi and seated shower. The toilet area is recessed providing some additional privacy. The shower also serves as a sauna with a very easily utilized steam function. The water pressure both there and throughout the entire condo is strong and the “instant on” hot water system is commendable. There’s no waiting for the tub to fill for a relaxing jacuzzi, and the on/off switch is built right into the side of the tub. Just press a button to turn on or off—no timer switches. The double sinks are separated by a lower counter area for the guest to sit for makeup applications, etc. The only additional item I would receommend is a lighted magnification makeup mirror. Other than that this is the most functional bathroom facility I’ve experienced so far in any hotel or timeshare resort. The kitchen is quite convenient and reasonably well-supplied. The usual utensils are there along with a few extras. The resort provides dishwashing liquid and 2 dishwasher tablets. The double sink also has a garbage disposal. The washer/dryer is small but perfect for this condo. Two little boxes of laundry detergent are provided. There is also a food delivery service for a fee if you wish to have your fridge stocked in advance of your arrival. I wouldn’t bother with this if you arrive on a Sunday or Wednesday because at 8 am on Mondays and Thursdays a shuttle will take you to a well-supplied grocery store just down the road. It’s very convenient and the driver will happily give you a hand with heavy groceries. You have about 50 minutes or so to shop and that’s plenty of time as long as you go with a list. For many perhaps the nicest inclusion are the large flat screen TVs in both the living room and bedroom. Along with comes a music center with DVD and VCR.Onsite amenities: A single pool equipped with comfortable lounges and tiki umbrellas provides fun and relaxation on nice days. A “Lazy River” is currently under construction and looks to be a lovely area when completed. There is also a nice convenience store with a variety of provisions one might need immediately, an ATM, an exercise room and 2 restaurants (Tahiti Joe’s and Denny’s). There’s free Wifi at Denny’s so go there if you just need to log on occasionally during your stay. The resort has only scattered service for which you must pay a fee. Printing is available in the tiny business center (2 PCs) but the minimum to log on is $5.00. The barbecue area, equipped with 5 large gas grills (cleaned daily), has lots of cooking space and shaded sitting areas. This amenity seemed to be highly popular with the guests. Problems:-There are many lifeguards for the single medium-sized pool but I didn’t see them do anything but hand out towels the entire week we stayed. People were permitted to enter the pool with food, beverage, etc., but the worst infraction was that diapered babies were allowed in as well. I found that to be a huge turnoff.-While most shuttle bus drivers were well-mannered and demanded to see everyone’s bus pass, at least one or two failed to make the grade. -A great deal of smoking goes on at this resort even though the advertised guidelines indicate that smoking is permitted in only a few designated areas. Even salespeople could be found smoking with their clients while walking around the resort. Our room appeared to be smoke-free but that may be attributed to its newness. The smoking issue is something I would watch for the future. Generally speaking, resorts which accommodate smokers as much as this one seems to end up much dirtier and more difficult to maintain in the long run; something to consider if you’re buying a timeshare and are interested in lower maintenance fees.-WiFi should always be a free service in mid-level resorts such as Tahiti Village. The attached fee was a huge disappointment. -Be forewarned; there is a great deal of construction noise at this resort both inside and out. It also sits very close to McCarran Airport where flights take off in the direction of Tahiti Village approximately every 20 minutes or so. If this kind of noise breaks your relaxation cycle you would do better elsewhere. Otherwise, I recommend you go. The price is right and the fun is just up the road!	
Oct 8 2008	Timeshare Promotion	We took Tahiti Village up on their offer for 3 paid nights at the Stratosphere hotel. We went to their seminar and liked the look of the model they were showing. The problem came when we started talking dollars. They insist you must sign up immediately through their finance department at 17% interest, after doing the math it figured out to be about $1300/month for 5 years. Thats just to have the condo paid off then you still have your yearly maintnence fee. You then only get two weeks a year to stay there or at one of their interchangeable locations. That's a pretty hefty price tag for 2 weeks of just lodging. Not your food, airfare, entertainment.... We must have worn out our sales man because after bringing in others to convince us to buy, and we were sincere about figuring out if this was worth it for us, he walked away and never returned. But, they did pay for our hotel (expect to be ignored for service at the hotel because you are not paying). Tahiti Village sales are everywhere in Las Vegas in hotels at all entrances and through out &quot;Information booths&quot;. If you don't want them to hassle you just give them the thumbs up sign and they will leave you alone thinking you have already been through their ordeal. I think they must own Las Vegas.	
Oct 8 2008	nice and new and under construction	We traded our timeshare to stay at Tahiti Village. It's nice and new and under construction. We rented a car and were able to get to Mandalay Bay and the other big casinos in just a couple of minutes--the location is very good, the parking was not so good if you stayed out late. We mostly just slept there and spent our waking hours in town. We did not use the facility (pool, bar, etc.) at all, but we saw lots of people having fun in and around the pool from our balcony view.The pillows were flimsy and the wifi was too expensive. I used Denny's for free, but I got loaded with unwanted e-blasts and pop ups from using this hot spot. The big flat screens in the rooms were nice, but I think they were not receiving a high def signal as the picture wasn't very good on any of the channels. There was no lighting above the mirror in the bathroom--just to the side--which caused shadows on one side of my face and made it hard to see well enough to properly shave and groom my whiskers.I loved the space, the kitchen, the laundry, the balcony, and the steam shower. I'm sure that time will fix things like the parking and the cable signal. I hope they take my suggestion and get better pillows and put lights above or on both sides of the bathroom mirrors. All in all, a very good experience.	
Oct 7 2008 	Great Pool-Terrible Service	My husband and I went to Vegas for 2 weeks this summer and stayed at Tahiti Village for the second week. We were in the Bora Bora suite as they called it. That is the big side of the 2 bedroom lock-off. It was beautiful and very large. Granite countertops, stainless steel appliances, etc. There was a jacuzzi tub and a steam unit in the shower. The pool was terrific, if not a little too warm. There are not enough loungers and all the unbrellas were taken by 9am so you had to be at the pool very early to get a good location. They offer a shuttle service to the strip since they are just south of the airport. The shuttle system is very poorly run. Even though they are supposed to be on a half hour schedule, it was not unusual to have to wait 90 minuted for a shuttle to show up. By the end of the night, the shuttles were so behind, it was ridiculous. We had a horrible experience on the shuttle one night as the driver dramatically overloaded the bus then hit the highway on the way back to the resort. He was not able to travel the speed limit and it was hazardous. When we reached the resort and complained to the night maager, her response was incredible. She told us we didn't have to take the shuttle and that we could have gotten off. If I were in charge of her, I would have fired her after that night, Instead of handling the situation, she actually escalated the emotions of the passengers. I may consider staying there again, but I would never take the shuttle.	
Oct 6 2008	Bad manners	My husband and I just were vacationing in Las Vegas. I have to say that the employees that were trying to sell this facility are horribly rude. They were canvassing the streets to try and get you to listen to their pitch. That is all fine and good, but it gets tiring after saying NO to 5 people. Then we have a representative get nasty with us because we said No and then proceeded to walk away and ignore her. She makes a statement &quot;you keep paying my taxes.&quot; I haven't ever stayed in this facility but if it starts out with rudeness like this, why would I ever go there.	
Oct 1 2008 	Tahiti Village - Nice	Well we just returned from spending a week at Tahiti Village. After reading all the previous reports, I was really worried that we had made a big mistake booking this timeshare (through a friend). We (my boyfriend and I) were pleasantly surprised and would definitely return. This was my first trip to Vegas so I was very excited. We took a cab to the resort (which cost around $30.00 w/tip) would be great if they offered a shuttle service (the cab ride back to airport was around 25.00). Arrived around noon and our room was not ready. We asked for a pool view and they told us to come back at 3:00 and they would have one for us. We dropped off our luggage and went to explore the resort. The grounds are just beautiful and the pool is amazing. We quickly changed into our suits and pool bound we were. There were so many different parts of the pool even though it was all 1 large pool. There was a shallow part with sand which was great for small children, there are 2 other shallow parts (perfect for putting your lounge chair in), there was a volleyball net &amp; basketball net in the pool…just a great pool that offers something for everyone. There is a store on site (wiki wiki post) that sells extra floats. At the pool area, they will give you towels and if you get there early enough, they do have a few extra floats, noodles and inflatable balls. You can also order food from Tahiti Joe’s and have it delivered, there are menus on the chairs (see photo)The resort also offers a free shuttle service to a few points along the strip (Tropicana, Treasure Island, Stratosphere and a few stops to the Premium Outlet Mall). The Deuce bus is also convenient. For 5.00, you can ride all day. There is a stop close to the resort whether coming or going. If you are coming back at night, it stops over near the outlet mall. When you are heading towards the strip, you can catch the bus by the outlet mall as well but it will take you to the bus depot first (strange but it’s not bad). The Deuce will stop a lot so if you have to be somewhere in a certain time, I would not recommend it. The Deuce also goes straight down the strip and all the way to Fremont Street (which took over an hour from Tahiti Village). The shuttles also have coolers on them with small bottles of water – free of charge.The parking garage – I’ve seen soooo many complaints from people here and I don’t get it. From reading other posts, I thought the parking garage was across the street or something, it’s right next to the complex. There are parking spaces closer to the buildings but if you aren’t lucky enough to get one, the parking garage isn’t that far. When you first arrive, you can drop your bags off and have a bellboy take them to your room so no need to lug them from the parking garage. Tiki Joe’s &amp; Denny’s – both were great places to eat. We only ate at Denny’s twice, got the wi-fi to work the first time but not the second time. Tiki Joe’s has amazing nachos and they are HUGE. Hit the bar there for happy hour before our flight home – great beer specials.Welcome Package – this is where the timeshare comes into play. We knew from reading other posts that this is the “welcome to the timeshare” package and we weren’t interested. We were asked when we got there if we wanted it then and we said “no, we’d pick it up later after we checked in fully”. No issues there. We got a few messages on the phone with daily activities and reminders that if we didn’t pick up our “welcome package” yet to do so but there was never any more pressure. The place does bring people in almost non-stop. It’s amazing how many people come and listen, not sure exactly what they are getting in return. There is a concierge desk that will help get you discounted show tickets if you are interested.There are also a few really nice gas grills &amp; mini frigs towards the south end of the resort. I’m not sure if they are there for anyone to use or if you have to reserve them, but they are nice.The rooms were really nice. We were in a moorea room, 1 bedroom suite with no balcony. The room had a mini frig, microwave and toaster…no oven. Housekeeping will come in the middle of the week to clean, but we never needed it (we just took towels &amp; soap off the cart).Check in is at 4:00 and Check Out is at 10:00. We asked for alittle later check out and they said 10:30 or 11:00. We ended up checking out at 10:15 but it was nice to not feel as rushed.Overall, We can’t wait to go back and will definitely consider visiting Tahiti Village again. If you have any questions, please feel free to email me.	
Sep 29 2008	Nice Resort - lots of future enhancements - but far from the strip	Tahiti Village is a very nice resort in Las Vegas. However - the shuttle set-up is not very convenient, and the resort is quite far from the strip. I spent an hour travelling each way because of the shuttle route. The pool is very nice for families, but is too shallow (and warm) to swim in. They are adding a lap pool which will be great. The rooms are very nice and well appointed. They supply laundry detergent and there is an washer and dryer in the room. I stayed in the Bora Bora one bedroom. The veranda is very small, and very hot. Ask for a room with a view, my view was downright ugly overlooking construction and desert (#5627). There are other rooms that overlook the main strip and are wonderful views. I would return to this place, however I would wait for the lap pool, and make sure I had a better view. Building 5 is huge, and involves a lot of walking, as does the strip! I logged about seven or eight miles per day. Tahiti Village has a great bbq area that they clean every day, a lot of people used it. The onsite restaurant (Tahiti Joes) has a few items that are okay, but isn't anything to brag about. The Denny's and Tahiti Joes have wifi access. I was able to get wifi access in my room (sixth floor), and better connection out on the balcony. The &quot;tahiti&quot; network was unlocked, and I was able to access email every day, as well as upload photo's. It's absurd they don't have wifi there, they charge $7.00 for five minutes or something ridiculous to use their business center.	
Sep 28 2008 	Just got back 	This was our first time staying at our Bora Bora time share &amp; we loved every minute of it! The pool water is warm but it still cools you off. Had a great time playing volley ball in the pool &amp; met a lot of great people that way. The lazy river was suppose to be done before we got there but its way behind schedule which was our only disappointment. No problem with check in/out. Fast friendly service always.	
Sep 27 2008 	Don't believe the hype...	I was first a little nervous about Thahiti Village and not sure if I made a good buy so I read the reviews and was lead to question my decision even more. But now at the end of my first week here I am glad i didn't beleive the hype of a few unhappy visitors. Our first night here we tried to upgrade to the Bora Bora, the larger condo, and they originally they said they could not accomidate us because they were overbooked. We asked to speak to the management, explained this was our honey moon and recieved not only the upgrade but also a REALLY nice gift basket.SHUTTLES - they have shuttles that run to the strip the top of everyhour. Suggestion: take the shuttle to the strip and spend the $15 on the cab to come back so you don't have to worry about pick up times.POOL - AWESOME, to the person who complained about the tempature of the water please remember it's Vegas...it's hot...the pool can't be kept too cold or people would not stay in that long. The water volleyball was awesome and the food was reasonably priced. They don't advocate outside food and drink but don't inforce that either as long as you aren't a drunk idiot.ROOMS- Bora Bora was great, nice plasma in the bedroom, wish it were in the living room. I've never seen a washer and dryer literally in one...not stacked...actually one mashine that will wash and dry your clothes.MAID service - yes, they only come once a week but if you leave your garbage outside they will pick it up. We personally appreciated not having someone in our room everyday interupting our plans but if you don't know how to clean up after yourself you can get the service for between 35-85 dollars depending on the room size.Convenience STORE - was very suprised they did not over charge just because they could.AIRPORT service - just get a taxi, even if they did try to offer the service at the 10am checkout every one has different flight times and you would be sitting in yet another line to get home...not worth it.Parking - we were in room 1612 and the parking was never an issue for the 4 days we had a car. Suggestion: get the rental for the week it's free to park at 95% of the casinos. Even if you don't need it the whole week it's usually A LOT cheaper to get the week rental and just return it early.We had a GREAT time, everyone was friendly and we took the advice not to get our 'welcome package' so we not 'pitched' at all. Can't wait until our next visit!	
Sep 23 2008 	Cannot Wait To Go Back!!!	We read the mixed reviews so we weren't too sure as to what to expect. We checked in late and were given clear directions to our room, a one bedroom with full kitchen. The room was absolutely beautiful. We asked for one with a view of the pool, but they were all taken as it was a long weekend. It didn't matter. What we have was very nice. In fact, speaking with other guests, they all loved their new clean living spaces.Travelling with children made it very nice to walk to the refrigerator to get a snack, and throw whatever dirty laundry in the in-suite laundry. If you didn't feel like cooking, Tahiti Joes and Denny's was a 1 minute walk away. Also lots of other restaurants around and a large Outlet Mall within a few minutes walk.The pool was very clean. In fact the entire property was spotless. Staff was working endlessly keeping the resort immaculate. The staff was also very friendly and willing to assist with whatever need arose.The one downfall was that we were put in the new tower. It was so new that there was no internet connection. Apparently it is coming in, so in the mean time I had to set up my laptop at Tahiti Joes to pick up the signal from Denny's restaurant downstairs.Overall, the place is awesome!Yes it is a Timeshare and there are salespeople doing the tours in the morning and afternoon. They keep to themselves and are not intrusive at all.	
Sep 8 2008 	great place	We just got back from the tahiti resort in vegas so i thought i needed to write a review to give the resort a fair shake. After reading so many reviews that were bad we thought maybe we should not go. The day we arrived at the resort we were in line behind a couple that didn't look to happy. They told me don't take the welcome package because if you do they won't leave you alone. So when i go to check in a young lady told me to go to the desk across the room to get my welcome package and i told her no thank you. After that the whole week there i had no problem. The resot is in a great location not to far away but not to close .IT has a beauitiful pool and the resort was very clean. The staff was very nice and helpful. I would go back and stay again.	
Sep 8 2008 	Mixed Experience	We saw the ad of this time share on TV with Alan Thicke. We made the initial reservations and after several phone calls and reviews of the internet we decided to upgrade to the 4 day/3 night stay at the actual resort. We already own a time share but we were open to new, REASONABLE opportunities.The first impression was pretty poor. The room we checked into initially had not been cleaned and prepared for new clients. As I had lugged our two heavily bags to this room, my wife and I were not happy. After a few choice words, we were moved to another room. The accomodations were comparable to the time share we own in Arkansas. It was very nice even though we were in the smaller side of the room. The bedroom and living room/kitchen had flat screen monitors mounted on the wall. The bathroom on this side had a a decent shower. However we when we upgraded, they forgot to include the renewal of the vows and the show tickets. We were told we had to do the tour before this could get resolved. Our tour was the next morning so we decided to do some sight seeing. Our first night in Las Vegas was great and we enjoyed our first time together alone since our daughter was conceived and born about a year and a half ago.The next morning we got up and went to the tour. This is where the mixed feelings began. The first part of the tour was not bad. Everyone was very polite. Our agent informed us that she wanted to show us their property and it would be up to us to determine if it fit with our life style and budget. There would be no pressure. The review of the full room was great and it was just beautiful. I could see my wife and I returning some time in the near future to use this property.However when we were informed of the price, $47k I was shocked. As soon as she thought we were beginning to decline, the pressure increased. When we fully and forcefully declined, they stated they wanted us to talk to someone to make sure we were treated fairly. However they brought over a &quot;sales manager&quot; to try to get us to make a more &quot;reasonable&quot; deal. After several declines, we were taken to the check out desk to get our money and coupons. Our sales agent said goodbye and explained how to get back to our room.It is a good property and should be a good investment if you can get them to negotiate the price down to $26k or less which is about $450 a month note. If their claim holds up about them being one of the few time share sellers who offer part of the property for all eternity, it is definitely a better deal with more negotiation power when you want to go to other places like Hawaii or Miami. It is definitely for families who have this type of disposable income.	
Sep 7 2008 	I was a little worried...	Just returned from a stay here 8/31-9/6. First off I was a bit worried after reading all of the reviews here. So to say the least I was a little skeptical that things would be ok.We arrived about 7pm on a Saturday evening which turned out to be an excellent time to arrive. The front desk had no line and we had our room keys within 3 minutes. We were put on the second floor of building 5 which has just opened. The room was as advertised and very nice. There was almost no evidence of anyone staying in the room previously. I think we were only the second occupants. One pan had a couple of scratches in it and everything else looked brand new.We had been through the murderous presentation about 3 years ago and knew it was not going to happen again so we were constantly on guard for the lead-ins to it. Every time we talked to a concierge we were asked if we wanted to do it to get free show tickets or a Grand Canyon tour but we were not pestered after saying no. In the casinos I found it effective to show the room key to the people trying to hook victims for the presentation and say &quot;Already staying there.&quot; They quickly moved to the next potential victim.The good...The staff was friendly, helpful and available when needed and unobtrusive when not.The room was clean and comfortable.The location is convenient but away from the strip.The steam shower was awesome.Housekeeping picked up towels and garbage left in the hall very quickly.The bad...Coffee. The weak stuff they pass off as coffee in the room is not fit to drink so plan on bringing your own or grabbing some locally before morning. The coffee maker used #2 Melitta type filters which we had to buy at the grocery store.The Pool. The pool is shallow and not shaded at all making it very warm. Too warm to be refreshing. The lazy river is still under construction and should be shaded from the afternoon sun by building 5. They also do not appear to be enforcing the rules of no glass in the pool area. We saw many people with beer bottles in and around the pool. Parking. As mentioned in other reviews the parking at this place sucks. Fortunately we were close to the south end of building 5 which is only a few steps from the new parking garage. If we were in any of the other buildings this would have really been an issue.Stairways. Being on the second floor and fairly fit we tend to use stairs instead of elevators. Unfortunately there is no access to the stairways from the first floor of the building. This forced us to walk almost 300 feet to the elevators and then back almost the entire length of the hall to our room. Not a huge deal but packing a weeks worth of groceries that far was no fun.Wi-Fi. Specifically the lack of it. Wi-Fi Internet service is not available in building 5. For a &quot;Nominal Fee&quot; of $11 a day you can get it on your TV in the room but I don't think I am alone in thinking $11 is not nominal. There were two workstations with excessive fees available in the &quot;business center&quot; (I would call it a closet) in the main lobby. There is no excuse for not having wi-fi in a brand new building. Free Wi-Fi is available in the Denny's restaurant next door to Tahiti Joe's. Fire Alarm. There is still construction going on in building 5 and Thursday morning about 8 am the fire alarm was set off forcing us to evacuate the building. We had to stand outside for about 10 minutes while they sorted it out. When we could get back in we had to wait around in the building lobby for a few minutes while they figured out how to unlock the elevators which were secured by the alarm. See the note about no first floor stairway access above.Housekeeping. Our room was toweled mid week and they did a fine job except they forgot to empty the garbage. This was not a big deal for us and I only mention it as some people would be put off by it. If you want housekeeping service more than just the one time during the week there is a $35 charge.Transportation. If you are going to stay here you really need a car if you want any flexibility. We had one so we did not use the shuttle but we saw people waiting for it almost all of the time. It appeared they only had 2 or 3 shuttles running. But they had about 20 shuttles available to ferry the presentation victims back and forth from their hotels on the strip. The Deuce strip bus can be caught across the street (Warm Springs) at the outlet mall. There was often a taxi waiting for a fare near the front entrance but I never saw more than one sitting there. There was a taxi queue across the street in front of the outlet mall.General stuff...For groceries there is a Food 4 Less store about 2 miles south on Las Vegas Blvd. Excellent prices and a good selection. We were pleased with our deli purchases there as well. There is also an Albertson's store about 3 miles east on Warm Springs at Eastern if you want a regular full service super market. For liquor Lee's Discount Liquor has about the best prices and selection I have seen around Vegas. They are located about 3 miles south on Las Vegas Blvd.For gas the Rebel station on the corner of Las Vegas and Warm Springs has about the best gas prices around and they also have E85 available.Parking on the strip is free in most of the casino parking garages. Just look for the self park signs. We used New York's garage for the south strip and Paris for the central strip. Downtown on Fremont use the Golden Nugget garage or the city garage just east of Fitzgeralds. Just make sure you get the ticket validated. Validation is only good for 3 hours so you need to go move the car if you are staying longer and don't want to pay. Do not use the Necropolis garage north of Fremont as Fitzgeralds will not validate it.In summary...I would never buy into this place nor would I subject myself to one of their sales presentations again. They will tell you it is only 2 hours but you will be lucky to get out of there with your wallet intact in less than 4 hours. The secondary market for Tahiti Village is alive and well. They will be happy to sell you a unit for 40-50k and make you think you got a good deal but you can find them in several places online for 10-25k. Three years ago in our presentation they started us at $37500 and as we were walking out the door they were trying for $7500 for the same deal. It is obvious they only have one objective in mind that being to get you to a presentation. They don't care if you already own since they want to &quot;upgrade&quot; you. I would definitely stay at Tahiti Village again. The rental rate is a bit excessive in my opinion at $200 plus a night but fortunately there are secondary rental opportunities available as well if you take a little time to look for them.	
Sep 6 2008 	Tahiti Village Timeshare Trip Review	I saw the ad on TV for Tahiti Village for a free 3 night stay in Las Vegas, and thought, &quot;no way, if it's too good to be true it probably is.&quot; I called anyways to see what it was all about. The operator told me that I could stay at Tahiti Village and they would give me a $100 dollar gas card to come out, the only catch was that I needed to go to thier two hour time share presentation, and put down a $98 dollar deposit. I was still sceptical but I decided to give it a try. Before I went I looked online for some reviews on how other people's experiences where with Tahiti village timeshare presentation was. I couldn't find much, (which is why I am writting this). When my boyfriend and I got to Vegas I reset our odemeter to zero so we could see if it really was only 3/4 of a mile from the Mandelay Bay Casino (which is what they told me on the phone), and it wasn't. Tahiti Village is actually about 3 1/2 miles from the MB. When we checked in we had a little trouble showing that we lived together (even though our id's show the same address, my city was miscorrectly spelled on my id, so they made us print out something from the internet showing that we actually did live together (an amazon.com reciept.). After we got that cleared up we went to our room. The room was amazing, very spacious, clean, and definatly nice.Our presentation was scheduled for the next morning at 10 am. We had had so much fun the previous night that we only got two hours of sleep. Anyways, we were introduced to our guide, and we sat down and talked for a while. He was trying to explain to us how he had bought one of their timeshares and actually sells the room for one week a year, and makes money. I didn't really believe that you could make that much money on one of their rooms being that you can stay in a room in the middle of the strip for the same amount of money. They also had a deal where if you bought one of thier timeshares you could get discounted trips to all over the world (six times a year for 7 days) for between $299-$700 (that actually did sound like a good deal.) We explained to our guide that we wanted to purchase a house first, and that it was not a good investment for us to buy one of their timeshares because we needed to save our money to put more down on a house that we could stay in 52 weeks out of the year. At the end of the presentation the closer came over and told us that the price of the larger suite (the one that we stayed in for free) for $48,000 dollars, or we could purchase the smaller room for $13,000 dollars. He tried to make thier 17.9% interest rate sound small, but we again told them no and explained how expensive a mortgage is in California, and they let us go. We went to the window to recieve our refund, and gas cards. We had no problem at all. The presentation really did only go 2 hours, but we were lucky because other (staying at other hotels had to wait for everyone to get out to ride the shuttle back) .When we checked out they asked why we were checking out at 10 instead of 11? I showed them the paper they sent me in the mail stating that check out was at 11am. They said okay and charged me nothing at all.All in all I would say that this is a very good deal. I read some reviews that people were upset that they had to sit through a two hour presentation, but they didn't appreciate the fact that if they had booked a trip to Las Vegas and paid, they would have ended up spending upwards of 1,000 dollars to stay in a room the size of thier room, and all the other &quot;gifts&quot; they give you to go out there. I would definatly take advantage of this again if I could. I only ended up spending $180 dollars total on this trip, including food, gas, gambling, going to the top of the stratusphere, ect.Hope this is helpful. Do go for the free nights, and free gifts....But do not buy it is an extreme rip off.	
Aug 25 2008 	Not what I expected	My husband and I own a timeshare. We exchanged a week for me to go to a seminar. I took my mother-in-law. First of all, with our timeshare, we are supposed to have a full kitchen with a balcony. We had neither. When I spoke to the people at the front desk, they looked at me like I had a third eye. The next day, they called the room and said that there were two complimentary show tickets waiting for us at the consierge desk along with our welcome pack. We go down to get them, and then are told that they don't do that unless we go through their tour...not as stated on the phone message. Anyway, I proceeded to tell the people at the consierge desk the problem with the room. Once again, to no avail. Still stuck in the little room with no balcony and no kitchen (so much for saving a little money while out there). Finally, on the last day, I go to the front desk to ask if I can mail a post card before we leave. Once again, the lady looks at me like I have a third eye and says that they don't mail things for guests. Very upset by this time, I wait for the consierge desk to open. I tell the lady at that desk what had just happened...and low and behold...I FINALLY talk to somebody who I think actually knows her head from a hole in the ground. It was my only positive experience dealing with the staff the whole time I am there. She couldn't believe that the lady at the front desk had said what she had. There IS a mail drop box at the front desk for guests!!!! Imagine that! This lady was very courteous and sincere. I then asked for a comment card. She tells me that they have them at the front desk. Once again, I get the third eye look, then am told that they are out of the comment cards. Honestly, this was the first and will be the last time that I stay at this resort.	
Aug 19 2008 	Fantastic!	We just returned from a stay at Tahiti Village (Las Vegas Blvd. location). It was fantastic. We had 6 people so they gave us two adjoining rooms. We had more than enough room, no one was stepping over anyone. I had to request fresh bath towels and TP and it was brought up to our room almost immediately. The immenities they offer are numerous. I would definitely stay there again! The pool is also fantastic! I can't say enough about Tahiti Village.	
Aug 19 2008 	O.K but sort some of the issues out	hope this review helps and it reads a bit like the good the bad and the ugly. First the good the accommodation is out of this world. Check in for was fantastic and staff were brilliant and on our check out Lekisha is a star girl many thanks for that taxi thing. The location is great and the BBQ area was superb. The staff are just fantastic they work their socks off and we loved them all. The shuttle busses were good but they need to put more transport on as when the property is full there are not enough busses to match the quantity of guests going to the strip. Getting on at the Tropicana is a safer bet at the weekend or we got a taxi from the Mandalay bay and it was cheap as chips.The shop is handy and at times a good supply to fill some gaps.The bad. The management and especially the time share sales staff are bad. They haven’t a clue and the sales staff walk around the area and ignore you!!!The ugly. Why oh why did people insist in putting beds in the children’s shallow area. They were inches out of the water and therefore removed any safe play areas for the babies. Yes there is the sandy area but not all children like sand. We spoke to the pool supervisor but he was at best useless. I could understand the beds in the semi shallow area as they were in the water and it looked good and cooling, but the shallow areas pleaseeeeeeeeeeee.Also at the weekend it really got going. Primarily because of the freebie weekend they were giving away for potential buyers. Some of the people that came were at best questionable. Also how can four young people aged about 21 afford to buy a timeshare therein think not. They came to party and show us what social class they are proud to be affiliated too. The people that came on the weekend were rude noisy and questionable. We made some great American friends at the Tahiti and even our friends were looking sideways at them. Even the elevators broke down at the weekend through the over usage.It is a long 141 steps to the 8th floorIn time the Tahiti will be sold and it will settle down but these problems need to be sorted out.Stop inviting everyone and spoiling it	
Aug 16 2008 	under staffed/poor security	my wife and I own a timeshare on the eastcoast and decided to trade and go to vegas so we picked the T.V. It is on the strip (about 3 miles away from the action and directly in the flight line of the airport. We were put in the new building #5. We had the Bora Bora. It was well appointed and very clean. There is a seperate service desk in the lobby but it was only staffed during the day and nobody around at night.The doors from the outside had card readers so guest are supposed to use their room key to gain access. those were not needed the doors were open 24hrs. we just walked in at all hours of the day/night along with anybody else, even if they did not belong there. Please keep reading it only gets worse. Our room was on the 7th floor(we requested to be away from all of the sales tours) they have 4 elevators in the building. We were on our way down to the 1st floor with about 12 others when the elevator broke down leaving us stuck at the 2nd floor. after using the alarm to try to get help and being stuck for 45 minutes the fire dept showed up and got the doors open (thank you LVFD) . When we were finally freed from being held captive there was nobody from Tahitti village there (management) , not even to offer an apology.On about 4 more occasions within the following days the elevators broke again, having the fire dept come out again. Luckily we refused to use the elevatorsand took the stairs so we would not fall victims again. I wonder how many sales were lost due to the elevators?So what happens next time when it is after hours ,nobody is at the service desk in building 5 and the elevators get stuck or even worse some riff raff decides to come into the building thru the unlocked security doors.Customer service is their business or is it ?	
Aug 15 2008 	Nice Timeshare	My mom called to reserve her timeshare in Las Vegas and when it was not available for the dates we wanted, she was given availability at Tahiti Village. I was a little nervous after reading the reviews but it wasn't too bad. I loved the rooms. We stayed in 2409/2409A (sleeps 8). There was plenty of room and nice decor. It was also quiet. My mom was worried being so close to the airport and the noise from the pool but once you were inside the room you couldn't hear anything. The lanai was wonderful. It's really big and looked over the pool. We had breakfast out there every morning. There was some hair on towels and food in the track of the sliding glass door. They really don't pay attention to detail, maybe because they have so many units to clean. Overall, we were happy. The parking is horrible. It's not bad if you can get one of the few places up front but if you have to park in the garage, it's very far away. I utilized valet parking when I couldn't find a close spot but valet takes forever! A minimum of 15 minutes to get your car. Ridiculous. There are plenty of hotels on the strip the same size or larger and they get your car to you in less than 5 minutes so I'm not sure what the problem is with valet parking at Tahiti Village. The continental breakfast they offer is a joke. Three juices, pound cake, muffins and coffee. That's it. Nothing nutritional. Denny's was good for breakfast. Tahiti Joes was awful. Not recommended. The entertainment was just as bad. For those of you want the Las Vegas Resort ammenities (casinos, entertainment, restaurants, etc) this is not the place for you. This is a timeshare, so yes, it's going to be more like an apartment complex. The pool is awesome and a great place to cool off. I would recommend this hotel but personally, if I had to pay for it...I would stay elsewhere.	
Aug 9 2008 	Fantastic Experience	I had a fantastic experience at Tahitti village and would recommend it to anyone. I visited Tahitti village whilst on holiday with my mum and was so impressed we both decided to upgrade our time share, the only problem i have is that i live in england and cant get over as often as i would like.	
Aug 4 2008	Anti-Gay won't honor their special offer for same sex couple	Well, I couldn't even get to book a stay, but the incident occurred Aug 4th '08. They have a promo 3 days-2 nights which on television is advertised as a honeymoon special. However- Online it makes NO mention of having to be a &quot;married&quot; couple (which in a few months- if I am still blessed, I will be) so, when inquiring- and giving info- the operator asked questions, realised that Gina and Jennifer are two women and said the offer does not apply. Are you serious- in VEGAS for goodness sake! My question is- do man-women couples have to present a marriage license at check in? What a joke. We can provide proof of our relationship- life insurance plans- right down to mail at same address with both names etc if they REALLY want to get into our biz. So, my gay and gay friendly brothers and sisters, stay away from this &quot;resort&quot; and any others owned by Consolidated something or other. Bleh. How gross they are. Why does heterosexuality always have to be waved in our faces?	
Aug 3 2008 	Perfectly Satisfied	We traded into Tahiti Village since it was taking over ten months to get confirmed into any Marriott Beach resort on the east coast. I was very leery after reading many negative reviews, but I was so very pleasantly surprised once arriving. I was with two best friends (age 40ish), my husband, my sixteen yr old daughter and her best friend. Our goal was not to do too much gambling/shows since we had the teenagers, but to see Hoover Dam, the Grand Canyon and show the girls the themed hotels, ride the roller coasters and make it to the Stratosphere rides...mostly, our goal was to relax and enjoy the pool.First with the front desk: I had requested ahead of time a poolside room on an upper floor. I was told that the sixth floor is for smoking guests, so I requested a fifth floor room. Upon arrival, I was offered Room 2101/2101A (sleeps 8), poolside, since it was available--it was 12:30 pm. We accepted, unloaded our luggage into a very spacious, clean, stone's throw away from the pool and gym room. We ate lunch at Tahiti Joe's. Our lunch was very good...service was slow. No complaints about the food though. We also picked up dinner one night to eat in our room, and again the food was very good. The front desk woman was very nice and very helpful to my husband. The fact that we were given a room immediately upon arrival was a huge bonus. We were than wisked away to the other side of the room...I was ready for this...to be offered $100 Am Ex card if we listened to the presentation. We declined since we had a timeshare presentation lined up with Marriot and we were getting $100 Visa card through them...Juana was understanding/courteous and just gave us her number in case we changed our minds. I was ready for pushiness, but it never showed. Yes, the lobby stays VERY busy with salespeople and their &quot;victims&quot;, and we saw them walking the grounds everyday and all day, but it just simply humored me. I was never bothered by any of them.I was very pleased with the cleaniness of our rooms. When supplies got low (like dishwashing detergent), we called housekeeping or simply asked the maid in the hallway. I would buy trashbags if I every stayed here again (and I would), because the one's available were of poor quality and kept breaking on me. I am used to staying in timeshares where the rooms aren't cleaned daily, so this wasn't a problem for me. If I needed new towels, I asked for them. I didn't like the laundry machines...I didn't want to dry my clothes for 140 minutes and this is what it took just to dry one pool towel. So I avoided using the machines. Odd that both machines are one. It was 105 degrees during our stay (no humidity though! so I loved it but that sun is intense!), so I didn't use the steam shower. I did love the shower though. With the door going the full length of the shower, I never got cold drying off and the bathroom never steamed up. I do agree that the toilet should be behind a door though. We dealt with that fine though. I do agree that the plasma tv should be in the main room for all to use, but I didn't mind having it to myself. The kitchen is lacking in supplies compared to Marriott rooms...we could have used baking sheets for our fries or chicken tenders or pizza rolls (could only use the 9x13 dish for one thing at a time). If I had seen the grilling area sooner, I would have used that more often. Fantastic space! Five gas grills, refrig, sinks and tables, etc. My bed was very comfortable and the girls on the sofa bed has no problems sleeping.I was concerned that the pool water would be hot since it is so shallow. It is at its deepest at 4 ft 6 inches. It was very relaxing with plenty of noodles, the beach is great for keeping the small children occupied (and keeping them out of the majority of the pool), we played volleyball often and there was basketball. The pool drinks were overpriced, but this is always the case. We did the unthinkable by staking out chairs first thing in the morning...there could be more shaded areas...but it didn't seem like anyone had problems getting chairs throughout the day. We were poolside by ten every morning. The day that activities were supposed to go on...there were none...odd. Not sure what happened there. Lifeguards were pleasant, and they seemed to be staying busy. Planes fly overhead often, but I didn't have a problem with the noise. I actually enjoyed looking up at them (they do fly low), and my family didn't have issues with them at all.Transportation...taxi to Food For Less (don't recommend this store at all) was $16 round trip. No problems ever getting taxi (we went to the strip three different days/times)...five min wait. Shuttle was a problem one night for pick up...it took 30 mins at Treasure Island but it is stated that if strip is congested, the shuttle is not timely. But the Deuce was the same...two buses passed us over due to crowds...again, 30 mins to catch one night even though they say it is 7 min wait. It just depends on season and time of day...etc. I was annoyed by both the Deuce and Shuttle those two times, but I was happy that one was free and the other was a nominal charge. Deuce picks up at the Outlet Center...very easy. Oh, within walking distance there is a McDonalds, IHOP (for those who don't want Denny's daily), Chili's, Tropical Smoothie, Outback Steakhouse...about ten min or less walk. Food Court is in the Outlet Center. Whole Foods is at Town Square. We walked through the Outlet Center, and we bought nothing...didn't need anything :)The gym has a Bowflex and four machines...small, but each time I went whether at 7:30 am or 5:00 pm, I was able to use a machine. I caught up on old tv shows. During the pm workouts though, the music was too loud. There is a sauna and shower there. The bathroom in the hall was clean, and there is a shower and bathrooms behind the waterfall at the pool.One late night back from the strip, the front desk was called by me to tell them we were hearing loud music somewhere. Fifteen mins later it was still loud and playing. My husband went to the front desk...it was the younger employees playing the music but they forgot to turn off the pool speaker (!)...we got that straightened out really quickly! I would stay at TV again and hope to get the same room on nearby. Maybe then the lazy river would be completed as well. It didn't look like it would be ready by Aug 15th...there will be a water park across the street (due 2012 though), and this will bring more to do. Don't go to TV if you want easy access to gambling and shows. Go to TV if you want apartment style living for relaxing days at the pool and an occasional jaunt to the strip.	
Jul 30 2008 	Disappointed!	Just got back on Monday. We travel to Vegas frequently and I guess are used to more. The grounds are pleasant enough but besides swimming, there is nothing to do. Most people come to Vegas to gamble, eat and party a little. This place has no casino (I new this going in), no active bar scene, and no real restaurants. Tahiti Joes is OK, but there is only a Dennys for breakfast. I don't know about you, but I don't go to Vegas to eat at Dennys. All this wouldn't be so bad if they had a decent transportation system. People fly into Vegas, and most don't rent cars. This place is miles from the strip and just about everything else. Their shuttles leave on the half our but only stop at 3 places. There is almost no taxi service to speak of. If you miss the shuttle or want to go anywhere other than the strip, you have two choices, wait a half hour (if your going to the strip), or call a taxi which taskes at least 20-30 minutes to get there. We almost got into a fight when our cab got there and 2 other parties ran out claiming it, saying, &quot;we called 30 minutes ago&quot; If your used to resort style transportation, cabs in a line waiting, forget it. I don't come to Vegas to get in line to wait that kind of time. This place feels more like an apartment complex, with proximity to the strip but you need a car to get around. I agree with the other review in that the staff is not knoledgeable or overly friendly. At least not like you'd find at a real resort. Again, more like an apartment complex staff.If you want the feel of staying at your friends apartment when in Vegas, this place fits. If your looking for that &quot;resort/vacation&quot; feel, then look elsewhere. Hope this helps!	
Jul 14 2008 	Tahiti Village SCAM - Las Vegas Time Share Scam	We bought into the huge overwhelming hype while visiting Las Vegas for our first time. At the time, my husband had lost his job and the salesperson fudged the paperwork saying he still worked there saying it was just a technicality (he had been out of that job a good 2 months). I thought he was being helpful...now I know he didn't give a rat's ass about whether we could afford this, he had a sales quota to meet. Anyhow, this was in we have been paying the huge maintenance fees and monthly payments . Finally last month I wrote them and said we could no longer afford this luxury and we were willing to forfeit our financial stake $5,000 invested so far if they would just take it back. We have tried selling it, giving it away, have someone take over payments all to no avail...I just got a threatening phone call from &quot;the collections department&quot; stating that if I didn't pay they would garnish my wages...I said I have no job so she said they would put a lien against our property, They was adamant that I understand they would take every necessary legal action to make us pay. Automatic phone calls every single day including weekends; a weekly phone call from a real person, too, including letters in the mail. I so bought into their game...I'm just a small town lady and had never known such excitement and everyone was so friendly and they offered us free trips, a free limo ride etc.....now I wish I had never been to Vegas I have such a bitter taste in my mouth.	
Jul 10 2008	The good and just be aware of potential challenges..	It was very hot from June 30 thru July 5th, almost 110 degrees daily, that is not a misprint. However it was tolerable instead of unbearable since it wasn't humid. Premises are nice as advertised. Good water pressure. Steam shower is unique. Steam shower is interesting as it works like a sauna if you are into that kind of stuff. But the shower door opening and closing isn’t smooth, you have to use some force to open and close. Pool area is nice and large. They need to fix the pool basketball rim, they have a volleyball net in the pool area as well. Dennys and Tahiti Joes which is an eating establishment is right next door. Washer/Dryer in the room is a nice convenience. Plates, glasses, utensils all provided. Nice room layout. A very very basic complimentary continental breakfast is provided in Tahiti Joe, Muffins/Pound cake and Juice/Tea/Coffee. The room safe is very very small, cannot fit a laptop.Tahiti Joe hosts some activities like sundae and cookie building for 2 bux. Plenty of pool related activities. Shuttle for groceries twice a week early in the morning. Town Centre is nearby, ½ mile. Access to shops, restaurants, and brand new digital movie theater. Rent a car if you want flexibility otherwise you will be bound to the shuttles and bus system. Local roads and local highways are very very easy to navigate and figure out. No need to be intimidated by the Las Vegas Blvd Traffic. Be warned Red Lights at the intersections seem to take forever to turn green. Literally a two minute drive from the airport car rental place. Might be 10 mins from the Airport itself. Real issue is that as a timeshare place the staff isn’t trained in proper hotel management etiquette. For example the front desk didn't know the difference between Tower 2 and Tower 3, basically they didn't know how to read their own map. Or issues with the Tahiti Village printed directions to attractions to Grand Canyon, Hoover Dam, etc... The Hoover Dam directions are completely wrong. Thank goodness I had enough of my own common sense to figure it out before blindly following them and getting completely lost and wasting time. Another example of confusing situation is the whole shuttle system. Confusion on which bus is designated for owners/visitors and which bus is for the people they want to sell timeshares to. Lastly, I'm an owner, don’t make me go thru an owner update, I just want information and details. So if you want discounts arranged by Tahiti go to the 3rd floor of main building and find the Gifting window to find discounted tickets to shows and stuff. I wish I knew about it earlier, it took them 3 days to finally tell me about it. They also have a ½ price booth in the main lobby but it’s a third party, Tahiti is not affiliated with them. Hope this helps!	
Jul 8 2008 	terrible experience	we started our stay by arriving at 1 am. upon arriving we were given keys to a room that had yet to be cleaned. there were dirty dishes in the sink, food that had been half eaten on the counter, and moldy food in the refridgerator, as well as towels every where. we called down to the front desk and they sent us to a different room, which was clean but we didnt even get an appology or any upgrades. the room that we were moved too though was right next to poeple who were extremly loud in the morning. not to mention tours that happened every morning up and down the hallways. ugh so annoying. then we called down to ask for some extra hangers, pillows and blanket, we were rudely told that they didnt have anymore to give out. needless to say...i will not be going back to this timeshare ever again.	
Jul 7 2008	Beautiful Tahiti Village	I exchanged with Interval International. The place was absolutely beautiful. The rooms were clean and very spacious. I am a very picky person...I like a clean looking room. Tahiti Village was what I expected it to be. My children had a lot of fun in the pool and the outlet shopping center was a lot of fun. We really enjoyed their FREE pastry, juice and coffee. Tahiti Village keep it up :)I didn't purchase while I was there but I am really considering in purchasing in the near future.	
Jun 19 2008 	Honeymoon from Hell!	My parents sent us to Tahitti Village for our honeymoon. Our terrible experience began the very first night. We had a late flight and checked into the hotel at 12:30am. We were informed that our room needed maintance and would not be ready until the following morning. We were put into a smaller room. We later found out that they overbooked our room. We finally got our room situation taken care of the following morning. We left the resort and came back only to find that our hotel keys had been deactivated. Our air conditioning and toaster broke while we were there. While at the resort we found their customer service to be horrific. We called the front desk several times and no one would answer. When we asked for directions (several different times) we were lead into a sales pitch for the resort each time. There are 150 sales people at any given time at the resort and only 2 people covering the front desk. Our room was on the 2nd floor. Every morning all 150 salespeople were congregate outside the main entrances to talk, scream, laugh and smoke. Not what you want to see, hear, or smell as you sit on your balcony trying to enjoy your morning. This was every morning. To get anywhere at the resort you had to weed through the massive mobs of salesman and visitors. To me, if you already bought or were staying there, they didnt care about you. But, if you were a visitor and was taking the tour, all attention was on your. HORRIBLE HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!!!!	
Jun 16 2008 	Loved It	Just returned from Tahiti Village and I have to say it was a very, very nice property. It was very clean and the staff were very pleasant. I exchanged my unit for this one and was not harrassed by any of the timeshare salespeople at all. Our unit was clean and very comfortable. I did have a few issue with the layout of the unit itself but overall none of them were deal breakers. The property is very close to the airport but I never heard any planes. The staff weren't as knowledgeable about the area as I am genuinely used to but they were pleasant enough. The main thing I did not like about the unit was the bathroom setup. Although It was very nice with the jacuzzi tub and double granite top vanities, it needed to have a seperation between the toilet/shower and sink/jacuzzi areas. The only mirrors in the unit were in the bathroom and the full length closet mirror in the bedroom. I was travelling with co-workers and we wasted a lot of time waiting for each other to finish their showers before being able to use the mirrors to do hair/makeup, etc. Again, not a deal breaker just an area for improvement. Overall I would definitely come back to Tahiti Village.	
Jun 15 2008 	2nd time at Tahiti Village	We are owners at the Tahiti Village &amp; just spent out 2nd week there &amp; I am looking forward the the 3rd. We were not bothered at all by the salespeople. When we checked in &amp; were given our welcome package, they asked &amp; I said I would let them know. We never heard another word from anyone. Each time we go to Vegas, we learn more about the city, same goes about the village. They do have a shuttle, but the city bus is close &amp; you can also catch the Duce. We never rent a car &amp; I am too cheap to take a cab except coming &amp; going to the airport. You are away form the strip, but it is much more relaxing. Vegas is not really a relaxing place to visit, but there is a very nice pool that is open form 8am till 10 pm. There is also a hot tub that is open 24 hrs. I spend hours in the pool. Talked to some of the liveguards. They are very nice young people. Some are full time students &amp; work several hours there. I got their thoughts on lots of the shows. I am looking forward to when the new section is open. It will have the lazy river. Denny's &amp; Tahiti Joes are located on the same propert. I would be happy to answer any questions if I can. I did ready something in a review of a different resort about smoking. AT the Tahiti Village you are allowed to smoke in the room on the 6th floor. If you are a smoker, you need to ask. Some fo the rules the hotel or resorts are city rules, not just theirs. We did have a nice time &amp; I will go back. I am an owner &amp; will return instead of trade. Thanks Marilyn	
Jun 9 2008 	Okay -- Need to pay attention to the Details!	My husband and I booked a week with Tahiti Village as a trade with Interval. We did not arrive until the 4th night of our week as we didn't want to spend a full week in Vegas, however, we had to use a week before it expired. We are Marriott owners of Desert Ridge in Phoenix, however, their Vegas property was not available when we needed to go and Tahiti Village looked nice enough as I looked through the various availabilities online with Interval. However, we were left a bit dissapointed. If Tahiti Village wants to compete with the likes of Marriott, Hyatt, etc. they will need to make some changes. We felt as if they focused more on trucking in (and yes -- it was truly trucking -- I've never seen so many busses of people) would be &quot;buyers&quot; then those that were actually staying at the resort. Don't get me wrong, they were friendly enough, but the service we are used to just wasn't there and the accomodations, while supposedly new, were left in a bit of disrepair. The first night we were put into a smoking room without really realizing it, as it was after midnight by the time we arrived. We thought it smelled a bit off, but decided just to go to bed. We were woken by a very large cload of smoke and smell coming from the lock-off door (we were in the lock-off side)! We had booked a non-smoking room w/ a view -- we got the view, but not the non-smoking room. They didn't even ask at check in if this was okay. I suspect that most non-smokers would forgo the view for clean air -- we are certainly in this group! They were able to move us to a new room that morning at least.I had to bring my laptop with me for a bit of work and was irritated to learn that I would have to pay $9.99 for 24 hours -- serioulsy, how expensive is internet! Very rarely have we had to pay for internet in the last several years at hotels and never once at a timeshare. Seems like a pretty &quot;cheap&quot; way to make an extra buck -- not exactly an amenity if you have to pay for it!We noted in our 1st room that the baseboards were pretty beat up already and that most of the furnishings were also in pretty rough shape. Yes, that is pretty nick-picky, but for a new property, I'm afraid to see what it will look like in a couple years -- this has never been an issue w/ Marriott type propertys-- probably because the quality of their furnishings is nicer to begin with. The bathroom also had issues, specifically the shower / bathtub. The shower head leaked and the bathtub had a crack / hole in it that if left for any length of time would definitely invite water damage under the tub. I would think that if you were trying to sell timeshares, that you'd take better care of your facilities.We visitited Tahit Joe's for lunch and were also dissapointed there. We were left at the hostess stand for at least 15 minutes, and finally gave up and sat at the bar. The waitress there was nice enough, but too busy to much bother with us. We had to ask to finally get our lunch order taken, even though she had handed us menus (after we asked for those). When we finally received our order, at least it was tasty. However, they could certainly learn how to speed up their service and employ enough people to wait on the guests that are there. Again, nothing drastic, but its often the details that make great hotel lines, great. To end, no -- we would never stay there again due to the number of issues we faced: individually none were a big deal, but all together enough to deter us from staying there again. However, we can see where its mostly just a new property that needs to work out various kinks. If they want to compete with the larger properties and the more popular timeshares, they will need to pay closer attention to the details or risk being labeled as a low-end hotel / timeshare provider.A few nice points: Never once were we harrassed to attend a timeshare presentation (BIG PLUS to us) and also the location of the property. It is technically on the strip, however is still 3 miles to closest big name -- Mandalay Bay. This may be a negative to some, but it was nice to be away from the glitz/glam except when we wanted to be there. Also, as it is very close to the highway, were were able to get out of town quickly on Sunday morning.	
Jun 4 2008 	Tahiti Village	We bought into this time share while in Vegas in 2006. We stayed there October 2007. It is absolutely amazing! The lazy river was not opened when we stayed there, they are still building but the place is a must see. It was top knotch all the way - inside and out.The nice thing is if you don't use it one year - you can bank your week and use 2 weeks another time. You can use it at any Consolidated Resorts anywhere in the world. This places puts Sandals Regency in St. Lucia to shame.	
Jun 3 2008	Salesman (plural)--Dont Take NO !!	We went thru the presentation before the hotel was completed but were completely turned-off by there style.We did pay extra $100 for a hotel upgrade on there offer.(which was fine) Unless you really enjoy the time-share idea and wish to invest beware of this&quot;invitation&quot;. They have a very scripted presentation and interview by several salesman who put the screws to you.	
May 24 2008 	Great Place to Stay in Las Vegas - Ignore the Sales people!	We arrived in Vegas on Wednesday May 14th and we are staying at the Tahiti Village Resort. I am a timeshare owner and traded one of my weeks to a two bedroom lock off I did this because this was what was available at the time. Day 1: We rented a car from the airport which is pretty simple from McCarren. All the rental cars are under one roof now so you take a white bus which has all the rental car names on it and are delivered to the car company. It's one big building and very easy to figure out. We rented from Budget since I am a fastbreak member there which means you fill out your information online so it saves you time at the car place. Just look for your name and find your car and drive away. That simple. If you are renting a car and going to TV when you leave the rental agency you take three rights and you are there. Simple. The last right you take is Las Vegas Blvd and TV is on your right hand side. My first impression was that it doesn't look as big as it said it was. It is on the strip, on one side is an empty lot which I guess they are expanding to and the other is a place called Manor hotel which looks kind of dumpy. Another reviewer had mentioned that if you call ahead and ask for a room overlooking the pool or the strip you won't end up looking at the motel. I did do this and was granted a room on the 6th floor (this is high as this particular building goes) and a view of the pool. Our room is 1612/1612A. Check in was simple we got here about 3:30 our room was ready. If you walk in the front door to your left is the timeshare people and concierge and to the right is the registration desk. They took a credit card number for incidentals but I have had this happen everywhere I stay so no biggie. We went to the concierge to pick up our welcome packet (this is where they get you to sign up) since I aman owner (not here but a timeshare owner in general) they did not press me to see their &quot;owners tour&quot; You do want to go to this desk though because this is where you get your maps and coupons and your goodie bag (razor, toothpaste, antacid, aspirin, sample shampoos etc.) if you don't like that stuff I guess you can skip it. They also give you the activites paper which has the goings on of the resort listed Saturday - Friday some of the things they offer are sightseeing tours (South Rim Grand Canyon for $100 pp, Lake Mead) Field trips to Red Rock Canyon which leaves every Mon, Weds &amp; Fri at 12:30 for $2.00 pp and a Laughlin all day tour for $10.00 on Tuesdays. For kids they have cookie decorating, arts and crafts, candy treasure hunts, create a critter, make your own sundaes and they also do morning walks 3 days a week. Gas here is currently 3.69 a gallon which is about 30 cents cheaper then were I live in upstate NY. I wish I could bring that home! When we left the front office we had parked in the front of the building our room was located on the left side if you were facing the building so we had to drive around to get to the elevators. One thing that I did not like is the parking situation. We were only able to park in the undercover spots once or twice. There is limited parking I will take a picture of it so you can see but the cars line the fence, maybe 40 or so spots. They are covered because the heat is pretty bad here (88 yesterday and expecting triple digets by Monday) there was one spot to be had when we first checked in so we took it. It was a bit confusing at first on where to get into the building but I am not sure if it was me or the map. I just got off a 5 1/2 hour flight and was starving so it was probably me. Anyway we found the elevators - to get into the building during the day time hours the door just opens up (from the outside coming in) but we noticed last night while it was still light out that they do lock and you have to use your key to get in which is nice at least there is a little security keeping people from just walking in. The elevators are to your right and if you look to your left they are right there. There are two of them and they are the full size ones. It is a new building so they work and they are quick. We got to the 6th floor where there are signs posted as to which way to go as to your room number. Our keys worked on both of our unit doors with no problem.  Ok now the room, since there are only two of us in this room we won't be using the lock off but I willdescribe that first. When you first walk in you are in the kitchenette /living room portion of the room. It is plenty big enough for 2 and possibly 4 if you like each other (ha) there is a 3 seat bar counter to eat on, pull out couch, chair, two end tables, closet and TV in this room along with your kitchen which has a half size fridge (no ice maker) full size sink, microwave, coffee maker, toaster and blender. It also has the plates, glasses and utensils. There is a small hallway which leads to the bathroom which has a regular bath/shower, sink and toilet. The bath and toilet are not private (there are no doors separating anthing it's all one room) At the end of the hall way is the bedroom which has two end tables, I think a king size bed and small tv. You can access the bathroom from the bedroom or the hallway (two doors). That is about it on the lock off. Both rooms are very clean I even looked for issues and did not find any. I am use to having the bigger room but would not be upset with a lock off here. The larger room is pretty much the same but well, larger. This kitchen has the full size fridge and stovewith everything you need to cook. It is actually quite beautiful with the granite countertops and stainless steel appliances. It is large enough to do what ever you want in it. There are also three stools to eat at the breakfast bar which is where I sit now to type this. This is an open air room which means no walls separating the living room dining room, kitchen areas. There is a small table for four, a pull out couch, and end table, coffee table and entertainment center with a small tv. The washer/dryer are located in a closet off the kitchen. They are one unit (washer/dryer combined). They have computers for the tv and a dvd player. You can get the internet for 9.99 per day which you can use their keyboard/tv screen or bring your own laptop and plug into their plug which is located on the bottom of the entertainment center. They will provide a cord for you at the front desk for free if you do not have one and you need to bring it back to them or they will charge you. It worked fine for me. There is no free internet service at TV but I was told that the new building, that has yet to be built, will have it. There is a Denny's connected to the building which has free internet and that also works fine. There is a balcony off of the living room which has a small table with four chairs. Our room overlooks the pool and it is very pretty. The bedroom is off the DR portion which is also plenty large enough but could use another or a bigger dresser. The dresser where the large screen tv sits has 4 small drawers and one of them is used to house the DVD player. There is a king size bed and it is comfortable. There are two end tables each with a drawer and a full size closet with about 10 hangers. You can access the bathroom from the kitchen portion of the room or from the bedroom. There is a jacuzzi tub where the double sinks are and the toilet and the steam shower (note on the steam room/shower - I enjoyed it but it is very hot, becareful not to get burned by the steam nozzle, keep away from it when it is on because it will spit out hot drops of water now and then and they do hurt, the steam also creates a bit of a smell, I did not notice it the first time but I did on the 2nd and 3rd time, it didn't stop me from using it though) are in their own little room.  Our first night on the town we went to eat at Terribles on Flamingo and Paradise. We had a buy one get onebuffet coupon so we figured we would try it out. This casino is older the buffet was 9.99 so it only cost 5.00 ppthe food was only ok but worth 5.00. I recommend using any coupons you get because it is worth it unless you havealot of money and like to just spend it. I am on the thrifty side. You do need a car to get anywhere around here since this timeshare is located way down at the end of the strip. You CAN NOT walk to any casinos from here (not the strip ones anyway) it is on a highway with no sidewalks for walking. Mandalay Bay is over a mile away. They do have a shuttle that runs to Town Square, Tropicana and Treasure Island. It runs from 9 am to 11:30 pm everydayexcept Fri/Sat when it runs till 2am. I will try to post a pic of the schedule. Day 2: Went to the pool which is very nice. The lazy river is not built yet but they do have it dug out (I overheard a salesmen say August). The main pool is pretty large and does have life guards on duty. You get your towels by the pool and there is hut for drinks ranging from 7-10 dollars. There is a hot tub which was pretty hot. The hot tub is open 24 hours, pool from 8-10pm. We had breakfast at Denny's the Grand Slam breakfast is 6.99 which gives you a choice of 4 items. It was not busy and the wifi works great there. For dinner we went to the Rio for the seafood buffet. The price is 40.00 pp but if you like seafood it is very good. They also have prime rib and an excellent selection of deserts. We went to Albertson's to get our market stuff. It's about 3 miles down Warm Springs Road it is a full service market. There are also a couple of CVS drugstores and the Las Vegas Outlet mall is on this street. Across the street and down toward the strip is a large outside shopping center called Towne Hall. It is brand new and has all of your designer places in it. Day 3: We went to eat at Carnigies Deli in the Mirage - the sandwiches were huge but $$. We were looking for a food court but the Mirage does not have one. We went to a show at Danny Gans theater (Jay Leno). We visited the weight room here at Tahiti, it is on the small size it has about 8 pieces of equipment and it does look newer. They also have a sauna. For lunch we went to Tahiti Joe's and we both had the steak andwiches. They were really good and our bill was $23.00. Well worth it. TV Has a little store attached where you can buy food (eggs, bacon etc) snacks, some clothing, pool stuff, jewerly etc. Things are a little pricey so if you can hit a market you might want to do that. There are ALOT of sales people here but we were never bothered. We were asked when we checked in and that was that. The bad reviews that this place has gotten is mostly from the sales pitch (free vacation that you are offered) If you take those out of Trip Advisors reviews this resort would probably move up to one of the best places to stay for a timeshare resort. Check out was pretty painless also. We asked the day before we left if we could get a late checkout and theytold us no because Wednesdays were a busy check-in day. I was kind of mad but figured I would wait till the morning.In the morning we arranged it with the cleaning crew ourselves and got to check out about an hour later. They were finewith it and when we did get down to the front desk no one even questioned us. We stayed by the pool the rest of the daytill our flight time. If this review sounds kind of funny I wrote it while it was happening in Las Vegas, then added toit after I arrived home so it might look kind of strange. I apoligize for that. I have more pictures that I will post on another entry - I guess you only allowed to put on 10.	
May 15 2008 	Fabulous	Just go!Great time.Clean, big beautiful units. A grocery shuttle that leaves Monday and Thursday at 8 am. It drops you off, you get groceries and then it picks you up. Perfect. Starbucks int he same plaza. Walk 5 mins. south and there is a huge outlet mall. Take the shuttle to Town Square. Great shopping and restaurants, open air concerts too. We didn't get a car and used the shuttle every day. It was perfect. Go and get half price show tix the day of. Tahiti village does a red rock tour for $2, take it, it was fun and gets booked early. Loved the unit, no complaints, clean, new and gorgeous. they have raffles during the week, get a ticket and show up. I won $25 to use at the resort. It worked out nice. I would buy at Tahiti Village in a second. We are actually grand chateau owners on the strip but I would buy here for sure.	
May 12 2008 	Nice stay	A family member of mine is an owner of a grand Tahitian suite time share and invited the rest of the family for Easter. The accomadations can be described as an apartment. The balconey with a pool view was a wonderful place to eat breakfast and for my cousin's infant to exclaim about the planes coming to and from the nearby airport. There was only one instance in the whole week where a plane disturbed the room's peace. The plasma TV is in the master bedroom, which seems odd. It would be better suited in the living room. Also be prepared to not be able to forget Alan Thick since he greets you every time you turn on the TV. The pool and hot tub are great but the pool closes at 9 sharp. The closest thing to a casino is the video poker at the bar in Tahiti Joes. Tahiti Joes has great food too. The only problem we has was getting two cribs. For the 1st two days one of the babies had to sleep in an empty suitcase. housekeeping only comes once while your there (midpoint of stay) and between guest stays. During their cleaning they put away the pull out couch and blankets and pillows. This was kind of annoying since i was sleeping there and had to remake it. Potential buyers led by salesmen swarm the hotel grounds during the day. Take the red rock canyon bus tour leaving the hotel, its a great deal. Also rent a car if you want to visit the strip. The shuttle is convienent but only stops at two hotels so its easier to rent a car and use free parking. Or take a cab if you plan on partying. You cant party here however, there is nowhere to do it.	
May 10 2008	We are owners of Bora Bora	We stayed at TV last year for the first time and found it everything it was supposed to be. What we didn't like was the owners update meeting. It was scheduled for 90 minutes, starting at 9am. We were still waiting for the shuttle bus at 11. At noon I told them we need to leave (reservations for skydiving at 1pm) and the manager started getting mad and YELLED at us in front of everyone else in the room, told us we WEREN'T GOING ANYWHERE! I mean, this guy was PISSED OFF. We were allowed to leave, but had to delay our skydiving. We are planning a stay again for next week, hopefully there will be no problems. Reserved a room for a week and won't be getting there on time, but 2 days late. I read one of the other reviews that said the lazy river isn't finished yet, that was one of the big selling points for me. I'll be putting up a fuss if its not there yet, as it was supposed to be done no later than last fall.Also, why the hell is our 'exclusive' resort that we are 'owners' of being used as a hotel?? I paid $12,000. for the Bora Bora, 1 week per year, plus we pay $360.00 upkeep every year. Thats pretty expensive compaired to the people saying they got the Bora Bora for $100.00 per night.Don't buy into this, its a scam, its not worth it.	
May 7 2008	Buyer Beware	I will start with it looks nice and the rooms are big, while starting to build more buildings and a much bigger pool. It's also way south of the strip.  But...we went for the 3 night stay on them and took the tour. The people who work there or &quot;salesman&quot; as they might try to call themselves, were walking cliches. Our sales lady, while very nice and polite, had these huge fake orange nails, took a smoke break while I was in the bathroom for 1 minute, then stunk the rest of our conversation. We didn't say yes, so the other walking cliche 'finance manager' comes over and does his numbers on a pad of paper. Nothing there is in print; its pointing at magazines for half a second or some book. He was munching on his gum while talking in his black suit black t-shirt outfit talking about his hummer with his fake diamond encrusted rolex standing out. Cheesy cheesy cheesy! It's amazing how fast they want you to commit to dropping $25-48K after a small tour and a conversation. It's a numbers game for the people walking through the door- they don't care. I was told over 700 people per day! Just beware what you're getting into, do your research and be prepared.	
Apr 15 2008	the math doesnt add up	My New Bride and I went to Las Vegas to get married. we called the Tahiti village 800 number and made arrangements for our stay. In 2007 we had went to their other facility off decator next to a Dennys...just up the street from the Orleans. At first we thought it was a hotel and was delighted in the setup and was interested in staying there this year (08). When we spoke to the counter help she told us about the concept and gave us a short tour.We called this year and went on the tour as she had suggested.Our tour guide this time was polite and professional; however when we were given the price after several inquires it was a bit beyond our current income. My current monthly payment is 1010.00 for 2000 SF. And their payment was roughly 750 per month. The guide kept pushing that we wouldnt have to spend more than 140-170 when we travelled compaired to the 400-600 we'd spend at a regular hotel; yet thats really deceptive because if this were the case we would have forked out almost a grand on a mortgage for a tahiti village certificate that essentally said we owned a time share only days before our trip....oh im sorry a &quot;vacation ownership&quot; or whatever title they are calling it this year. What boggles my mind is how i can own it if i dont really own anything but time at one of their resorts. We dont have an actual piece of property to call our own. For instance...should i get some time in the dog house i couldnt just go to my &quot;vacation ownership&quot; and have a place to stay. Id have to call and make arrangements and hope that i get a room with a view. So really what theyre selling is vacation time. And at the high interest rates we were quoted i can only imagine what the rate woulda been in the end if i had bad credit.When we inquired about play areas for our kids the tour guide said, &quot;there is a play ground across the street.&quot; He was proud to point out the meager gym (honestly only because the development wasnt finished) and the beach like pool with a kids sand area with only one little blonde kid digging a hole (where were the parents by the way....and i dont mean the 5 life guards on duty). Now for anyone else with a five and 8 year old child you know that a sand box has a shorter entertainment life than a sand clock hour glass.In all honesty the concept and a good portion of the perks are great and we'd be interested in this when my retirement comes in the next few years. But given the treatment we recieved when we told the tour guide, the finance manager, and the marketing rep that this was not financially feasable; i'd be more inclined to just buy a property near the beach in santa monica to sneak off to for some quiet time.We must say that the Tahiti Joe's lounge and the food there was really good, the bartenders were swell and there is now a tiki mug from Tahiti joe's standing in my collection. I must thank Tahiti village for the hour of free gambling and the $100 in shell cards for the nice ride home with my lovely bride!By the way where is my $98 refund?	
Apr 14 2008 	Great place to stay especially for families	This review is for the purposes of staying at TV as a hotel, not for a time share purchase. We stayed at TV for 3 nights. We got the 1500 sqft 2 bedroom suite for $200 a night through the Entertainment Book travel site. The configuration is two separate suites with a connecting door in the middle. One of the rooms was slightly bigger with a balcony. We were on the 4th floor overlooking the pool, partial view of the Las Vegas Strip, and could see planes landing at the airport. The suite had two full bedrooms, one full kitchen, one partial kitchen, one spa tub, and one steam shower. The spa tub and steam shower were in the bigger room. We could have lived in the place for a month in the way it was setup. The adults had their own bedrooms and the children slept on the pull out beds in the living rooms. Two families could easily be comfortable in this unit.The suite was very clean and nicely maintained. Everything worked fine. The bigger suite bed room had a huge flat panel in it. The rest of the TV’s were standard tube TV’s. The décor was an “island” type theme. It was quiet despite being so close to the airport and the jet landings and takeoffs were not an issue. The balcony was good sized and nice to sit on and check out the pool. The unit had a washer/dryer also.The resort was nicely maintained and showed little signs of wear. The pool area was incredible. They have a sandy beach area and wading pool type areas for the little ones. The kids had a great time at the pool. For a family with young children who want to spend a lot of time at the pool, this is the best feature about TV. The hot tub was very nice and big also. The hot tub is open 24 hrs. Sometimes the hot tub had too many kids especially at night. The pool does not have a lazy river or any water slides.TV is not within walking distance of any casinos. They do have free shuttles going to the strip all day and night so that helps. They do have a restaurant with video poker at the bar if you need to get your fix in without leaving the resort. Oddly enough they don’t have shuttles going to the closest casinos – The Silverton and South Pointe which are south on LV Blvd. If you are interested in shopping there is an outlet mall across the street. There are also some chain restaurants fairly close by. The resort has a Denny’s on site and a restaurant – Tahiti Joes. We ate at Tahiti Joes one night and the food was very good. The bar is nice with good drink specials and quite a lively “locals” scene into the morning hours.TV is a timeshare resort so there are quite a few people being taken on “tours” by the sales staff. We were not harassed to go on a tour by anyone from TV. When we got our “Welcome Packet” from the concierge they asked if we wanted free show tickets if we would take a tour. We declined and it was no problem. I believe the concierge desk has access to half price show tickets similar to locations around Las Vegas.There is construction going on at TV – they are building a new addition to the resort. It can be a little noisy, but nothing too disruptive. The new addition is massive – 6 stories. The building in question looks to be finished with the major construction. They did have a giant crane operating when we were there – installing huge palm trees.If you want the “true” Las Vegas strip experience, then this is not the place as the location is away from the Strip. If you are looking for a casual, relaxed environment away from the chaos of the Strip, then TV would be a good choice. If you are a family looking for a nice, relaxing place to stay, with a great pool, then TV would also be a great pick.Just a few thoughts if you are planning to stay at TV. An outside upper floor room (4th floor or higher) on the north side of the resort will have a direct view of the Las Vegas strip – which at night is spectacular and the planes landing and taking off at the airport will be right in front of you. There is nothing in front of this part of the resort (because of the airport) and no street noise. It may be louder because of the airport, but the view of the Strip is spectacular. If that is not available then go with a room facing the pool area as the anything else will be overlooking the parking lot or Las Vegas Blvd.There is one minor negative about the location of TV. Next door to TV is the Manor Hotel. This hotel is low budget place with extended stay type rooms. There are some sketchy people around this hotel. Lot’s of hanging around on the balconies, drinking beer, smoking, some screaming, etc. Basically the entire outside south part of the resort faces the Manor Hotel. I would avoid any room that faces toward this place.A few other minor issues in the suite were the lack of adequate drawer space for clothes and the beds could have of higher quality -- better mattresses, have matress pads, etc. No big deal but some people are picky about stuff like this.Overall, I would highly recommend TV if you have a family or just want to avoid the madness of the Strip. It is a great value and a nice place to stay.	
Mar 19 2008 	Wonderful	I can't say enough good things about Tahiti Village. The personnel were so helpful, and we never encountered any pushy sales people. The rooms are beautiful and clean. The courtesy van ran like clock work.	
Mar 11 2008 	Happy with our vacation investment	We bought during pre-construction, and this is our first time staying here. It really is gorgeous. Loved all the palm trees. It was a bit cold for swimming in February even for us Mainers. My husband swam but was hoping for a deeper pool. It's only 3 1/2 ft. More deeper pools are coming in phase 3. The rooms are lovely. Enjoyed the steamer! Everyday! Beware of the steam dryer for your clothes. You need to keep them in for around 120 minutes. I won't go to another &quot;owners update&quot; again. It was just another pitch to trade in my smaller one bedroom unit for another bigger unit. When we said no, the head guy got real rude. Our sales lady was really nice though and didn't pressure us. The shuttle service worked very well for us. Except one time when we went to a 10 pm show and didnt realize the shuttle stopped at 11 on weekdays. Outlet Mall is next door with fantastic buys. Tahiti Joe's nightly rib special is tasty and plenty for lunch next day. Excited about returning and seeing the rest of the resort finished. We toured another resort to compare and are much happier with what Tahiti Village has on site. Although their sales people were nicer when we said no. Great Vacation	
Mar 1 2008 	Class Act	No need to duplicate previous reviews regarding the amenities and the sales pitch, though must note that as an owner or exchange client the sales pitch is more subtle-initially. You are assigned a personal concierge, who only after he tells you he can get 1/2 price and free tickets for you, requests a $20 deposit to hold your place at the &quot;owners update.&quot; We lucked out, our salesman and financial managers were not pushy. When we travel we take our food, pillows etc. with us, so frustrating not to be able to locate a luggage cart, had to use a garbage cart?!? Interestingly the flat screen TV is in the bedroom where we only slept; issue with others also apparently so this is being changed.As an exchange, we apparently lucked out on being assigned a Bora unit; I had done my research on Travel Advisor so was prepared to know what to look for. Thank you.	
Feb 22 2008 	Good place to stay	Booked this thru expedia.This place is great to stay at if you dont mind no casino and no smoking. The check in was great and had no preasure to attend the sales pitch. I just told them no thank you. The rates were better then the prices at a hotel. I got the big room with the kitchen ,living room and bedroom for $100.00 a night you couldnt get a decent regular room for that rate. There is no room service but that doesnt botherme, I would just call for extra towels or take them from the maids cart. They have a shuttle that takes you to 2 differnt places on the strip, twice per hour. Save money on taxi there. I am staying here again, worth the money and the noise from the airport doesnt even bother you.	
Feb 21 2008 	Love It! Will be back!	My husband and I are new owners at the Tahiti Village. After carefully considering a time share in Myrtle Beach and then going there and seeing how much more value we could get. It was a no brainer. Everyone was very considerate there and would do anything for you. We rode in the limo a couple of times to places we wanted to go. Not only does staying here increase your chances of getting places outside of Vegas, you also get free transportation to places all along the strip. Before going here, I did not think that I would ever want to go back to Vegas, but now we will be going at least once a year. (If you want to rent a room, let me know)I am really sad to read the reviews that others have posted. Being a Marketing director myself, I understand that it is tough to get a sale in different situation, but being persistant and pushy isn't always the answer.	
Feb 19 2008	pushy pushy pushy	Me and my wife and my 4 year old son were staying at Circus Circus we were given this opp to get free tickets if we would give then 90 minutes of our time. So we went they said about 20 times they weren't pushy. The speaker siad our sales rep said it the manager sales rep said it over and over. The starting price was 47,000 and when we said we were not interested the manager came over and started lowering some number's. Again we said no can we have our free stuff they said sure but needed another one of they're managers to make sure they 'er sales rep's were nice so we waited 10 min. WE he finally came over he lowered it again when we said no the sale's rep told us she thought we were going to buy in an angry voice and walked of.SO THEY'LL BE NICE AS LONG AS THEY THINK UR BUYINNGFEB 18 2008	
Feb 15 2008	Loved the resort/ but not the pressure	My husband and I went to las vegas on a timeshare promotion. We did not stay at Tahiti villiage but did go through the sales pitch. If we had the money at the time we probably would have bought. The resort is beautiful and so are the rooms, our sales person was nice but things did change when they realized that were not going to buy. They had the &quot;Finacial Advisor&quot; come over when we said &quot;no&quot;, and he could not understand the meaning of &quot;NO&quot;. Of course they told us that we would not be offered the &quot;special&quot; deals that they were offering on the day were there. But I am sure if I called them up I would be able to get some of the same deals. We are really thinking about buying at Tahiti Villiage but we don't jump into spending our hard earned money, we like to think things over. Oh, I forgot to mention as soon as they found out that we weren't buying the treatment did change. All of a sudden the shuttle could only take us to our hotel, and the sales person was not as friendly as before. Oh well, we enjoyed the rest of our vacation on them, and still might buy at another time!!! From, cold in Michigan	
Feb 7 2008 	WOW	We booked a two bedroom , 2 bathroom suite. The suite was Huge (1500 sq feet)! The granite kitchen was lovely and well equiped. The pool area was set up like a tropical paradise. It was very clean and towels were provided so there was no need to bring them from the room. We enjoyed the fact that it was a no smoking facility and it was quite compared to the bustle of the casinoed facilities. We would defintiely stay here again.	
Jan 28 2008	No	It was ratty th pool had throw-up in it and we had to wait for our room becuse somebody got &quot;held up&quot; the hotel didn't even hurry them the rest of my trip was great I won bingo and got 2,000$ that was great but the hotel stinked	
Jan 23 2008 	Loved it loved it loved it!	We spent 8 nights here from the 11th to the 19th of January and it was the best accommodation we had in our whole trip to the States. Everything was new and shining, the size of the room was great and there was the added advantage of having a full kitchen and a washer/dryer combo. We got a good rate from Expedia and were not asked, even once, to attend a timeshare presentation. The shuttle was a bonus and ran on time. Obviously we were there at a time that was not busy as we didn't have a problem with waiting for it. Having Tahiti Joe restaurant across the parking lot was great as they delivered to our room for a small charge and we enjoyed the food. We asked for a quiet room and I have to say that they really delivered as we didn't hear anyone else in all the time we were there. We were far enough away from the strip to forget we were in Vegas when we wanted and close enough to drive there in no time at all. The factory outlet was fantastic shopping and just down the driveway. All in all, this was excellent value for money and a top class resort.	
Jan 22 2008	Happy Tahiti Village Owners	my wife and I purchased a Bora Bora property in 2004, back when Tahiti Village was a dirt lot. We used it for the first time Jan 17th through the 20, for our 10 year anniversary, and I must say we had a great time! The rooms were spacious, with patio and steam sauna, nice stainless steel kitchen, great services, including work out room,massage, store, and tahiti Joe's resturant! The shuttle runs every 30 minutes to the shopping center and to the strip. What REALLY stood out was the concierge service, we worked with Mikey, he was awesome, helpful, upbeat, knowledgable! He got us great tix to Cirque de Soliel; it was a bit cold for the pool, though. Most of all we are happy to see our investment triple since e purchased it! Highly recommended!	
Jan 19 2008 	Attack of the Timeshare Sellers	Stayed at Tahiti Village as an exchange week for a Marriott timeshare.Rooms and furnishing were up to date and new BUT one could NOT walk through the hotel without being accosted every five minutes by a timeshare salesman - each with a different speil!I have never seen such brazen sales tactics and unless you have a desire to buy a timeshare there, I would avoid the place.	
Jan 17 2008 	Impressive Place - Great Time	I am a tahiti Village timeshare owner and stayed for the first time in September, 2007. I was a little nervous with some negative reviews out there but once we stepped foot into tahiti village, all of that nervousness had disappeared. Front desk check-in was simple and we were assigned a room right off the bat. The baggage claim handlers were there anxious to help us to our room. We stayed on the first floor, facing the pool. The rooms were absolutely beautiful. Very clean, and all furniture and appliances looked brand new! The concierge desk was extremely helpful in getting us reservations to restaurants and shows on the strip. There is a shuttle that brings you to and from the strip and are very timely. This is a great place to stay and I highly recommend this to families and couples. I even upgraded my unit!. By the way, if anyone is interested in buying, please contact me because I am a multi-unit owner and I am considering selling a unit. So, before you buy from the resort, I am considering selling thousands of dollars below resort price. Send me an e-mail for more information.	
Jan 3 2008 	Very comfortable -- nice bed and bed sheet!	Pros:1. Everything is new! Love the new and updated facilities2. King size bed with nice bed and soft bed sheet, slept very well3. Full granite kitchen with stainless stell appliances, such a luxury kitchen experience... it has all the basic cookwares and bowls/plates/knife4. Big plasma TV in bedroom, Jacuzzi and steam shower in bathroom5. 24/7 onsite Dennys, onsite snack bar/grocery for simple grocery like milk/butter/bread/jams (I cooked breakfast for my hubby every morning!)6. Las Vegas outlet center is walking distance7. Shuttle services to Tropicana, TI every 30mins, even have groceries shuttle at the morning!8. Nice Sand swimming pool and jacuzzi, and gym too (I saw it but didn't have time to use it)9. Laudry in the unit, never worry about run out of clothes to wear at vacation ;) they even provide detergentCons:1. not daily room services, only get 1 room services for 1 week stay (I personally don't mind to use the same towels for 3~4 days)2. it's 2 miles south of Mandaly Bay, not walking distance to strip, but we have rental car and we took shuttle sometimes (run every 30mins) so it doesn't bother us much3. Not all parking space are cover parkingOverall:We enjoy tahiti village a lot, especially the nice bed/bed sheet and very thick window curtain that let us gamble/do stuff at night time and sleep til 3pm at day time...Definitely will try again.Oh... we rent this place from a friend who has timeshare so we didn't have to suffer the timeshare sales speech that some review mentioned. To us, it's just like any other hotel stay.Will definitely come back!	
Dec 5 2007	FREE 4 day 3 night Vacation Package - Good Experience for us.	My husband called in for this free vacation offer when he heard the advertisement on the radio by Tanya Roberts. He did not realize we had to sit through a possible horrible sales experience. After reading some of the bad reviews is was begging him to try and cancel but he said let's give it a try.Well, I'm glad we stuck it out. I know some of you had a bad experience but for us it was fabulous. First of all let me say, that we followed all the rules. We are married and had 2 forms of identity with us. We lucked out all the way around. The hotel they put us at was the Las Vega Renaissance which is a Marriott property. If you look at it online, you will see that it is a fabulous hotel, clean, new, contemporary, friendly and quiet (non-gaming), which was perfect for us. It was off the stip and located by the Las Vegas Hilton/Convention Center, again, okay by us. We checked in with the Tahiti Village gal at the desk and all went smoothly. She gave us all the coupons and gifts that were promised. The next day, the very nice complimentary shuttle took us to the Village. Again, we must have gotten lucky by getting the sales rep that we did, but after we explained that we really didn't do much travelling and that we were basically only there for the free trip, he said &quot;well this probably isn't for you, but let me just continue my presentation and show you around because it's my job to do so&quot;. And that's all he did. Again we must have gotten lucky because even when his boss came by and lowered the price of the timeshare and we told him we weren't in a financia position to purchase he said okay and left us alone. Too easy. I was relieved. We got out of there with no hassles and still had another day to enjoy ourselves. Our sales rep Sam, took us downstairs where they had our deposit credit waiting and we were on our way. Our bill at the Renaissance hotel was ZERO. There had been a $50 per day deposit put on there also but was credited upon our check out.  From what we saw, T.V. was very nice and if we were in a position to travel more we may have even bought. There were giving 12 weeks of timeshares away at different places for a low cost per week for life and other prizes like free timeshares weeks in Europe etc. But that didn't include airfare or incidentals, so I'm sure few people would even take advantage of the freebies. The condos were very very nice. But a word of caution, I wouldn't sign anything without knowing ALL the details of exactly what you're buying. So for us it was great, for others I see it was not so great.Good luck,Hope this review helps. 3 nights at the nice hotel we stayed at probably cost $600, we stayed for free.1 more tip if you do go, we had the shuttle drop us off at the Riveria so that we could redeem our Comedy Show coupon and then get our ticket for the show at the ticket booth.	
Nov 15 2007 	"Worth it"	We found our rooms on expedia for, what I though was excellent, only $85 a night. Check in was at 4:00 pm, we had arrived around 1:00 pm and had no problem getting a early check in. The couple we were traveling with had reserved the larger suite which is connected buy a lock-off door to our smaller Moorea suite. They were able to put our rooms next to each other no problem. When we got to the rooms, our room had the most foul sewage smell ever, but within 15 min. of calling the front desk, a bellman had brought us keys to our new rooms exactly one floor up. Those rooms were just fine. That was the only glitch of the whole trip. Everything was very neat and clean. Lots of space. Our rooms were handicap accessible, meaning there was no bath tub, but we liked that. Shuttle was very convenient, drops you at Tropicana, Treasure Island, and Riveria. Pool area is great, but there is only one hot tub and it always had someone in it. The pool closes early at 10:00 pm.As for the people selling the time share. we were never bothered when at the hotel itself, but beware, they have sales people everywhere on the strip!! Those are the people who give this place a bad name. It's a littlebit of an over kill. And for all the people who are pissed that they were foolish enough to get suckered into the sales pitch. Get over it! Something for nothing isn't ever free. You wasted our own time being gullable. Just tell them no thanks and get on with our vacation.	
Nov 14 2007	Not worth it even for free	We called to reserve our room after hearing about it on one of the radio talk shows. It was the Bond Girl that pushed us to try it out. What a mistake. High pressure sales pitch. What part of NO don't you understand ?? My family was harrassed because we did not want to spend the extra money to buy into their style of marketing. The rooms were at least clean, but the appliances were clearly used goods. Considering this place is fairly new, we found a 2002 Refrigerator in our room. Even with the free show tickets, we would never try this again. Edna	
Nov 6 2007 	Just say not to the sales pitch	We stayed one week through our timeshare exchange program. It was a great spot - close enough to the strip, but far enough to get away. The suite was beautiful, just as pictured. Very clean &amp; new with granite counters &amp; stainless appliances. Grounds kept very clean, the pool was lovely. Shuttle to the strip every 1/2 hour was very handy. Just say &quot;not interested&quot; to the fairly heavy timeshare sales pitch &amp; they will leave you alone. Highly recommend this hotel.	
Nov 4 2007 	Mai Tai Roa Ae!	My wife and I were very pleased with our stay at Tahiti Village. We booked our room through hotels.com ($85 per night) and were pleasantly surprised with the accommodations. The room was very clean and comfortable. Staff was helpful and courteous. There was no pressure put on us to purchase a timeshare. The pool is large and there is plenty of room for sunbathing. There is a Denny's restaurant adjacent to the hotel as well as a new place called &quot;Tahiti Joe's&quot; which is a Tiki bar themed restaurant. (Try their ribs. They are out of this world!) The hotel is about two miles from the main part of the Strip. There is a complimentary shuttle that will drop you off at either Tropicana or The Riviera every half hour. Keep in mind that Tahiti Village is a relatively new place, so they are still working out some of the kinks. When we were there they were having some problems with key cards not working in the pool gates. The only other minor complaint I had was the hotel's proximity to the airport. There are jets taking off overhead continuously. Somewhat loud, but tolerable. We would stay here again. I'd give it a B+	
Nov 3 2007	Beautiful Place	Beautiful Place to stay. There were 6 of us, and we had a good time. Just 2 mins away from the strip. Was easy to catch the hotel shuttle to the strip otherwise getting a cab was not a problem either. Denny's was right next door for a midnight or early morning crave. The rooms were clean, complete with extra towels if needed. The view outside was awesome, felt like we were in Tahiti. We ended up cooking in the fully equiped kitchen.We had a good time. We will definetly stay here again. Planning another trip already. :)	
Oct 24 2007 	Terrible Experience!!!	Reserved well in advance and called the day before to make sure reservations were solid, only to be told when arriving that a &quot;GLITCH&quot; made our rooms unavailable. The staff was inept and the waitwas very long while they rerouted us to a &quot;sister' property. We missed our show that night because of the horrendously long process (We were only in Vegas 1 night). The property they sent us to was decrepit and somewhat scary &amp; lacked the number of beds we had reserved at Tahiti Village.We booked thru Hotels.com and they were completely unhelpful in resolving the problem with the hotel. I had to spend several hours a day of my vacation in California talking to different reps before they would even agree to a price adjustment that would be equal to the rate for the substandard lodging we stayed in. They said to wait 30 days for the credit to be posted.....it's been 2 1/2 months later and I've received no credit.DON&quot;T book thru hotels.com - they'll leave you high &amp; dry if there's a problem. And... DON'T count on a previously booked reservation at Tahiti Village!	
Oct 24 2007 	Stupid Tahiti Village...Never go	&quot;STUPID PEOPLE TRYING STUPID WAYS TO GET BUSINESS&quot;. Thats the motto of this crappy tahiti group. Obviously we are lured by the free tickets for shows and a buffett, took us on this shuttle to this stupid half completed &quot;RESORT(it's what they call..but looks nothing like one)&quot;. Well, we had to sit for 1/2 hr before a sales person would approach us with great fake smile. We were escorted into this big room with tonnes of people for the same meeting. They showed some videos and then one fellow stood up and started saying some bizzarre jokes, which left only the sales people laughing. After that they started telling us how nice it would be to have 12 vacations free every year. Comon who are they kidding. And then came down to the price $47,000. We said no....then the price came down to 28,000, still a no from us. Now he has to call some stupid hunk fella, and he sat infront of us and started this number game. My wife was very upfront, just killed this fella( i was laughing in my heart)...he left with a big sigh(like I care)...we then were escorted to pickup the free tix and show and then to the shuttle. We had an excellent free buffett worth $40(for 2) and then walked around the strip and went to a magic show(which was off course free $60). Anyway i think for wasting precious 3hrs we gained $100 for that...please dn't even buy any time sharing or any nonsense....ITS WASTE OF TIME...	
Oct 17 2007 	Great Resort	My husband and I purchased a timeshare at Tahiti Village before they even broke ground, and we are please to say that we have no regrets. We just returned from 5 days at the resort and, as usual, had a wonderful time. We have never had any issues with any of the resort personnel, and we really appreciate that they have lifeguards on duty at the pool. They are still going through construction, and even though our room was on the very end of tower 2, closest room to the construction, I was only bothered by the beeping of a truck in reverse on our last morning there. The check-out time is, in my opinion, ridiculously early at 10am, but if you call to the front desk you can request a late check-out. If you plan on seeing Vegas, I recommend getting a rental car, as the shuttle isn't always the most convenient means of seeing the sights. We always rebt a car, and I have no problem tipping the valet $2 at any of the casino's we visit. The new shopping mall is supposed to open soon, and rumor has it that there is a casino going in across the street. I think the only negative thing I have to say is that the free continental breakfast at Tahiti Joe's is a waste of time, seeing as it is only muffins, coffe and juice. Hit the grocery store down the road instead and get some toaster waffles. Lastly, if the large casino's aren't really a draw for you, or you are looking for lower ($5) table minimum's, I recommend going to the Silverton or the Southpoint, both of which are just south of Tahiti Village. The Silverton is the local's favorite casino, and we found all of our dealers very eager to help us, especially when we decided to learn craps. The Southpoint has a great staff, and we have found our favorite blackjack dealer there on both of our last two trips.	
Oct 9 2007 	Timeshare Owners Beware	The facility is great, large pool and Denny's restaurant in one of their buildings. Stayed one night as stopover on my way to Utah. On my way back, I attempted to check-in again to experience front desk staff are untrained to give best services to timeshare owners. My experience was when I got to the front desk at Tahiti to book a room from any of Consolidated Resorts properties in Las Vegas (Club de Sol Leil, Tahit and Tahiti Village) the front desk said I they have two Moorea units at Tahiti Village (where I own a timeshare), I was glad because it was a last minute thing because of a stop over from Utah to Los Angeles. I drove to the hotel and called on my way out of the parking lot to confirm, to find out that they gave the two rooms to someone else waiting at the lobby. Not even 5 minutes. The desk people are not trained to give VIP treatments to timeshare owners. They could have booked me immediately on my way out to Tahiti Village.	
Oct 1 2007 	Great Vacation	My Husband and I stayed at the Tahiti Village on September 7,2007 thru September 14, 2007. We arrived around 9:30 PM.Check in was fast and courteous. We were told our room was in the 2nd building on the third floor. The only problem was, we could not find the building. The key would not open the door of what we thought was building two. After a couple of go rounds, we went back to get better directions. We found that it was a certain way you had to put your key in the key pad. That was why we could not get in the building. There was no one to help us with our luggage but we manage to get it to our rooms ourselves. The Bora Bora room was wonderful. We had a view of the pool and my husband used the balcony every morning to enjoy his cup of brew and every evening to relax before bed,with that breath taking view of an island in the eastern pacific. I had read the reviews and was ready for the salespeople to rush at us. No such luck! When ever you passed them, they only said&quot;Good Morning&quot; or &quot;Hello&quot;. The water was so hot, you could boil a hot dog until Thursday morning. I did have to take a cold shower. My husband told the staff and by that evening when we returned the water was quite comfortable. Speaking of the Staff, I was ready for the staff to be rude to us.Again, no such luck! I was impressed by the staff's knowlege to remember names. Everyday, they called my husband by his last name in speaking to him. The concierge desk, helped me obtain show tickets at a discount price. The staff sent a basket to our room. That was a surprise. Maybe that old saying &quot;treat others as you would like to be treated &quot;, still holds true. We went on the red rock canyon tour given by the hotel for only $2.00 per person. I could not believe for the price of a gallon of gas, we got a bus trip and sightseeing tour of the canyon.  Having your linens changed in the middle of the week was a added touch. We ate Tahiti Joes ,once and had drinks and Nachos on another evening. Denny's, which is next door was more enjoyable for us. If you show them you room key, you get a discount on your meals. Please read the reviews and remember your vacations is what you make it.	
Sep 27 2007 	Good Hotel	Overall it was a pleasant 7 day vcation at Tahiti Village. Don't believe when the reviews say.. that the timeshare people harrass you. When you are actually staying there... they dont mess with you. It is very peaceful, it actually felt like I was at a resort in mexico. The people that write the bad reveiws about the timeshare people harrssing them are the ones that are stupid enough to get dooped from the strip anways, and wanted something for free. I wont lie... I've done it to get free stuff but it has nothing to do with the hotel experience and the property... they are outside sales people. lol!!!If you want to stay at a nice relaxing hotel, this is the place. You can Vegas at your finger tips or leave it behind you. The pool was nice, hotel was immaculate. Bathrrooms were awesome!The shuttle service was great, (every 1/2 hour believe it or not) they give you free water and you take as many bottles as you like. The only thing I didnt like was that they only cleaned every 4 days, and when your on vacation and sharing a 2 bedroom suite with 5 other people. It can get messy, plus you don't really want to have to clean on your vacation either right? Also the concierege desk did not know anything about anything..no shows.. didn't know about nightlcubs etc. and they stop working at 5pm.	
Sep 23 2007	High Pressure !!!	We were lured (by show tickets and dinner) to go on a &quot;2 hour&quot; tour of Tahitti Village. It was high pressure sales. Once they knew that we were not going to buy, they treated us like crap!	
Sep 17 2007 	Great Experience despite reviews	My husband and I stayed at the Tahiti Village from Sept. 7-14, 2007. We arrived on a Friday a few hours before the check-in time (which is 4:00pm), expecting to drop off our luggage and hang around until a room was ready. The girls at the Registration Desk were great- getting us right into a quiet room on the 6th floor with a view of the strip. We were bombarded immediately by the woman across the way telling us to get our welcome packet. The packet was actually quite helpful. We politely told them we were not interested in seeing their &quot;presentation,&quot; took our packet- and coupons, and headed to our room. (We were never bothered again by the salespeople or &quot;welcome&quot; desk people.)The Bora-Bora suite (1609) was perfect- large and clean. The kitchen was fully stocked, including a 12 cup Cuisinart coffee maker (a few packets of coffee were provided although we brought our own), toaster, and a blender. Every pot, pan, dish and utensil we could have wanted was there. There were lots of glasses- wine glasses too. Housekeeping also provided some dishwashing soap, dishwasher tablets, and laundry soap.We enjoyed the steam shower- which was perfect after a dry day in the desert- and jacuzzi. Both worked perfectly and were very relaxing. The balcony was much larger than I expected. There was lots of room- it was great. We used the Strip shuttle a few times. It was always on time at each stop. There is a cooler full of cold bottled water that you are free to take. We tipped the driver on the return trip to the resort.There were two instances where we didn't have hot water for a shower in the morning (Thursday and Friday). I read about that in another post so I expected it. In addition to the hot water issue, I also read about noise from construction and the airport. We never heard either. There were planes landing and taking off directly over the resort but once we shut the door we never heard them. The only bothersome noise was from the people below us running the water (filling up the jacuzzi or taking a shower.) While annoying, it wasn't unbearable. I understand people had trouble with the washer/dryer but we had no need to use the dryer at all. Each morning we did our laundry and put it out on the balcony to dry. It was refreshing not having to do all of that laundry when we got home!The pool area was well-staffed. Although there are signs that say no outside food/drink allowed we saw plenty of people bringing drinks with no trouble at all. One group even had a cooler and a bottle of Malibu! The lifeguards were plentiful. We never had a problem getting chairs- there were plenty. The Tiki Bar at the pool had odd hours. I am not sure what time it opened, but it closed by 4:00pm each day and the drinks were very overpriced. If you must buy a drink, hit the gift shop and grab something there for half the price.My husband used the fitness room a few times and liked the Universal machine. The salesmen give tours all day long, and they always go by the fitness room so be prepared- especially if you like the treadmill- which is right by the door. We used the Sauna as well. That was very nice and relaxing. It is big- we had 4 people comfortably in it. Tahiti Joe's was good. We split a plate of nachos- which was big enough to fill both of us. Something strange was that the &quot;bar&quot; part and &quot;restaurant&quot; part are owned by 2 different companies- so a separate waittress has to come out and take your drink order. You have to pay for your drink separately from your food. Not a huge inconvenience, just a little weird.The gift shop was well stocked- items we saw included- wine, beer, bread, breakfast food, milk, ice cream, gifts, sunblock, pool toys, etc.On the day we checked out (check out is 10am), we weren't flying out until 9:00pm. The girls at the Registration Desk gave us a pool key good for the entire day. That was nice- we were able to spend the day on the strip and then relax there before our flight. We checked our baggage and picked it up before we left. The taxi taking us to the airport took a while to get to the resort. Call at least 1/2 hour before you need it.All in all, we LOVED Tahiti Village. I was VERY skeptical after reading the reviews but would return in a heartbeat.	
Aug 22 2007 	No hotel is perfect...	My wife and I have just returned from spending 7 nights at Tahiti Village and despite a lot of negative reviews on here, we found the hotel a really pleasant place to stay and relax.We were very impressed with the quality and furnishings of our room (Bora Bora), and loved the large bathroom and jacuzzi. The kitchen had everything you need (including a wine bottle opener and ice maker in the freezer), and we especially liked the large LCD TV in the bedroom with DVD player.The regular half hour shuttle to the strip was really useful, and the free chilled water whenever you got on and off the bus was a nice touch.It was a shame you had to pay $9.99 for internet access when so many hotels in America offer it for free, and the service to fix problems in the room wasn't great either as we had to hang around for engineers to arrive.There was a negative review about Tahiti Joe's service and food which I don't agree with because we found the service excellent and the food really nice for what it was (we went there twice when too lazy to head back out to the strip) - I guess it just depends on the day really.	
Aug 14 2007 	I loved it!	I planned a surprise vacation for my parents 30th anniversary and used a co worker's time share Getaway to book Tahiti Village. The rate for the 1 bedroom suite (Bora Bora) for 8 days, 7 seven nights was fantastic. The suite was so beautiful and spacious that my siblings and I moved from our hotel on the strip to their living room (every parent's worst nightmare lol.) The kitchen comes with 6 bowls, 6 plates, 6 spoons etc, so it's great for a small family/group. The garbage disposal and dishwasher are definately a plus, as is the washer/dry combo. The steam shower is big enough to have a small seat and the whirlpool is bigger than it appears in the photos. the bathroom had two entrances (bedroom and kitchen), so guests in the living room don't have to walk through the bedroom to access it. the bedroom is a nice size with a king (possibly queen) sized bed, full length mirrors and a 42 inch TV (always a plus lol). the couch in the living room is a sofa-bed that can fit two comfortably &amp; there are extra pillows and blankets in the bedroom closet. there's also a dining table with 4 chairs and 3 stools at the bar. the patio is bigger than it looks in the picture and had a great view of the pool. (the suites on the outside of the hotel had either Strip or mountain views). the hotel is close to the airport , so occassionally, you'll hear planes passing by, but usually, the sound of the waterfalls next to the pool drowns that out. there's a convienence store called the wiki wiki which has the usual travel essentials (including water toys for the pool). we didn't go to tahiti joe's, but the on-site dennys was good and had an extremely nice waitress (rebecca, i believe). there is construction going on, but i think it stops pretty early because i've never seen it when i went to the pool in the mornings. tahiti village is a developing timeshare resort ($63,000 for a 2 bedroom unit? no thank you), so like other reviewers said, there are a lot of salesmen with potential buyers around, but most of them just smiled at the hotel guests, said good morning and held open the doors for us. we didn't rent a car, so parking wasn't a problem. the shuttles came every 30 minutes (on the hour and half hour). it took exactly half an hour from tahiti village to the last stop - about 12 minutes to the tropicana, another 13 to the second stop (i believe it was treasure island) and 5 more to the rivieria). the shuttles had a cooler full of complementary bottles of water - definately a nice touch when you're in the middle of the desert lol. the shuttles don't take the scenic route (straight up las vegas blvd), so they're able to skip the notorious strip traffic. tahiti village is on las vegas blvd, but it's about 2 miles south from the last major casino, mandalay bay, so it doesn't have the easy access to gambling the way strip hotels do. if gambling isn't your #1 priority though, then either using shuttles or renting a car is fine (strip casinos have free parking). the pool was FANTASTIC. whether it was noon or 9pm, the water always felt good. towels and water toys were provided (noodles, buckets, goggles, water volleyball). there was a cute little section with sand where children were usually playing. there was a volleyball net and several lifeguard stations (depending on the time of day, i saw one to three lifeguards). a previous poster mentioned not liking the gates to the pool. i didn't mind because 1) i carried my key whenever i left my room, so it wasn't an extra burden and 2), it made me feel more secure knowing that a stranger couldn't just walk into the pool area. there was a bbq pit behind the waterfalls with about 5 stations, but it was just TOO HOT for BBQing. the las vegas outlet center is right across the street and the stores had pretty good prices. this site has a listing of the stores:[--]the only other place that is close to TV is the Little Church of the West (the oldest chapel in Vegas). My parents renewed their vows there, so it was perfect for my family. the resort will hold your luggage for 24 hours after you check out (a bit early at 10am). this came in very handy since we had a midnight departure flight. my parents went to the time share presentation (2 hours), politely told them no thank you and received the usual timeshare gifts - casino credit ($100), 3 tickets to comedy shows, a japense show called mazuri (spelling?) and credit at a restaurant for lunch or dinner. there was a choice between those gifts or paying $20 for one of the cirque shows (zumanity at new york new york). TV has a red rock canyon tour for $2 and that was very nice. they also give hoover dam tours, but we found a cheaper price somewhere else, so i recommend looking around online first. all in all, we had a great time and would highly recommend tahiti village.	
Aug 14 2007 	Poor Management is the downfall	Stayed here last year in August with no real problems so was really looking forward to going back this year. We had 3 seperate units for our group and unfortunately, at one time or another, we each encountered a very disappointing situation with poor management at what could otherwise be a very nice facility. The Moorea units (1 bedroom with kitchnette) only has one AC control which is in the bedroom and the huge vent will freeze out the person in the bedroom in order to only get the family/kitchen area mildly cool. There are no lights in the actual working area of the kitchen and no windows in that part of the unit - only a window in the bedroom. Bathrooms are an adequate size but the countertop is very small. The Bora Bora unit is set up a little better - full kitchen with washer/dryer and huge bathroom - very large tv in bedroom. On our third night there, I called the desk at 9:45pm to ask if there was some type of construction going on near my unit as I was hearing lots of hammering, etc. I had a baby I was trying to get to sleep. I was informed that the &quot;sales dept&quot; was replacing their carpet and unfortunately, my unit was directly over one of the units they show during their sales spiel. The desk said we don't have any idea how long they will be working because we have nothing to do with sales. When I asked for a manager, I was told there is NO management on site after 6pm and to call back in the morning to complain. Ok, that will do me a lot of good tonight. The apathetic front desk clerk said that there was absolutely nothing they could do. Fortunately they stopped working at 10pm straight up. The next morning, we were ready to check out. With all of the people in the lobby from sales trying to hook up with their &quot;suckers&quot; the lobby was a ridiculous disaster. We tried to get a luggage cart to take our things to our cars and were told that &quot;today, you have to use a bellman.' Strange, we saw other people around us checking out carts and taking care of their own luggage. The bellman was polite but could offer no explanation for why we were told that. My daughter accidentally left her makeup bag and hair dryer under the bathroom counter. When we called back to inquire if housekeeping had found it, we were told no - there was nothing left in the unit. After multiple requests to please have someone actually go check, they came back on the line and said that they checked - nothing is there. When questioned further, they said they had called the current occupant and there is nothing there. A request to speak with the manager elicited the response &quot;she is off today.&quot; I have never been so disappointed with the customer service at any timeshare I have stayed at in the past. We own multiple timeshares and this experience was just the worst as far as rudeness by the staff. The restaurants were ok but nothing special. Pool was great for the kids, especially the youngest ones. I would have to think long and hard before I would stay here again.	
Aug 11 2007 	Not impressed...	My husband and I stayed at Tahiti Village Aug. 2-7th with our 1 year old son and a few other family members. We stayed in a two bedroom unit which is actually 2 one bedroom units put together, one a little nicer than the other. It slept 8 people. I thought the unit was very nicely decorated, and relatively new and in good condition. I especially enjoyed the balcony from which we had a very nice view of The Strip.  I was a little disappointed that the resort does not have highchairs for babies. I had to feed my son while he sat in his stroller. The only accomodations this resort has for babies are &quot;cribs&quot; which are actually &quot;Pack n Plays&quot;. The biggest disappointment for my husband and I was the pool area. First of all, to get into the pool area, you need to swipe your room key , just as you would to enter your room. This NEVER worked on the first try. VERY annoying. But here's the worst part of all about the pool...IT IS LIKE A HOT TUB! Not refreshing at all. In the morning it is a little better, but come 2-3 o'clock, it's like a bath tub. Yuk. As previous posters have mentioned, the place is teeming with salespeople trying to get their commissions. This creates another problem: PARKING! This resort has a very small lot beside the resort. There is an additional lot behind the resort as well, but with all of the salespeople who park (especially morning into afternoon) it can be very hard to find a spot without having to stalk people as they walk to their cars. My husband and I go to Vegas frequently, and really missed staying on The Strip and being in the middle of all the action, but that's just the way we feel. All in all, the accomodations were just average, and the pool area was definately dissapointing. Oh.. and there is still construction going on, making the pool area less attractive. If you are looking to purchase a timeshare, I would not suggest making this your home resort.	
Jul 28 2007 	A nice Vegas option	We just returned from a one night stay at Tahiti Village in Las Vegas. We had the smaller 1BR unit which was very nice. We only paid $86/night on Expedia. We liked the layout a lot, and it seemed spacious, which may have been because we had a HA unit. I would have been sad if I'd picked the larger 1BR for the jetted tub since we saw that connected unit (doors weren't closed between us when we checked in) and the HA unit there had only a shower as well. The unit was in great condition, very clean and very little wear and tear. We liked the decor and the kitchenette was small but very functional. We didn't spend much time there, but we could see staying even in the small side for a few days if we brought our 2 small kids with us another trip. Parking is easy and we prefer the distance from the strip, but this may not be the place if you intend to spend most of your time on the strip.The pool was very nice and while we were there we enjoyed it mostly to ourselves. They need to work a bit harder to disguise the area behind the waterfall however, and I do think once the new tower is complete that will help things. The sandy area was nice as were the shallow areas for kids. There were tons of chairs and shade with umbrellas.The staff was not overly helpful but thankfully we didn't need too much from them except our keys wouldn't work the first time they gave them to us which always bugs me! We couldn't believe the steady stream of timeshare tour people coming in and out of the place on vans, in limos, in large groups, etc. The place was literally hopping with new prospects for Tahiti Village! If you are thinking of buying, BUY RESALE and save 80%!All in all we enjoyed this resort and the more family atmosphere it had. The restaurant, Tahiti Joe's, was very mediocre and we had horrible service there. We wouldn't eat there again even though it was convenient.	
Jul 13 2007 	Pretty Nice Resort	I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at Tahiti Village...but a trip is not without bumps..When we arrived Saturday night..we were told we didnt have a room...although we had prepaid for the entire stay...so they provided a room on the strip for the night at the Jockey Club. The resort is new and the rooms are very nice. I didnt have the steam problems or anything with the shower like others mentioned. The shuttle stops running a little early during the week it is 11pm which sucks for a city that never sleeps. So prepare to pay for taxis at 10+ a pop if you stay out past shuttle time. They are expanding but I wasnt bothered by the construction at all. The outlet mall is in walking distance to the hotel. Overall after we got past the first night it was a great stay and I would visit again.	
Jul 12 2007	Love tahiti village	I had a great t ime at the resort. My kids love it, i love it and we had loads of fun.	
Jul 1 2007 	Fabulous Resort	We booked our family vacation using a Getaway through Interval International. One of the things I like the most about this resort was that it was not near the strip, but close to the airport and car rental areas. So it was close enough to get to all the glitz of the strip, but far enough away to relax and not hear the &quot;ching ching&quot; of slot machines. The check-in process went extremely smoothly, and we were impressed by the genuine friendliness of the staff. Our room (Bora Bora) was huge, and had a private balcony, large living room, full kitchen with granite countertops, master bedroom and large bathroom with a jacuzzi tub and steam shower. The first thing I noticed was how spotless they kept everything. From the reception area, to the elevator, halls and onto the room - exceptionally clean. Housekeeping was quick in getting anything we needed, such as towels, extra soap, etc. They were also fun to chat with! Ditto for any maintenance we needed - quick to respond. The pool was breathtaking, and looked like a beach in Tahiti - really!! Again, the cleanliness extended to the pool area. No litter, pool water was spotless, and the staff went around all day long straightening out chairs and tables, and cleaning off the wood. Tiki torches went on at night, with a variety of music to listen to. Towels, volleyballs and noodles were available at the pool station for no extra charge. The only thing we didn't like was that the pool was only open until 10 pm. Keeping it open a little later would have been nice, since we spent alot of our time here. We didn't like the washer/dryer combo in the room. The washer was fine, but the dryer was one of those steam systems that made your clothes comes out all wrinkled and damp. Didn't care for that too much. After about three days there, we had a note on our door that a welcome package was waiting for us at the concierge desk. When I went to pick it up, I was asked if I would like to attend an owner's presentation. Being a veteran of timeshare rentals and exchanges but also being an understanding salesperson myself, I politely declined, and that was that. I got my little care package of coupons, and was not approached again during my stay. And if we came across any timeshare tour guides showing guests around, they politely smiled and greeted us. So that was nice!They are building two new towers at the resort. It was visible if I looked to the left from my balcony. To the right was a breathtaking view of the mountains. So, I kept my chair turned to the right, and the view of the construction never bothered me! I didn't hear any noise, either. The balcony was equipped with a large table and chairs - great for having breakfast in the morning, or relaxing anytime. We didn't have time to go to Tahiti Joe's, but since it was always busy, I assume it was fabulous. We went to Denny's on the first night of our stay. The service was very friendly and the food was great. A little slow, but since we're from New York, we're used to everything going faster. So we just went with the flow. I'm sorry to say that I don't have any pictures to share, since we lost our camera on the way back home. So in conclusion, we loved our stay here! We would actually consider buying a unit here, we loved it so much. Clean, relaxing resort and atmosphere, beautiful room, friendly staff - what more could you want?	
Jun 29 2007	Good Times at Tahiti Village	Tahiti Village is great. The pool is absolutely wonderful and the rooms are beautiful and top rate with granite countertops and great appliances. I stayed there June 20 - 27 of 2007 and went there on a great deal on a getaway through Interval International based upon my membership through a timeshare that I own. . This is a timeshare resort on &quot;the Strip&quot; - although it is about 5 minutes away from Mandalay Bay at the end of the strip. They do have shuttle service although I found it to be a little unreliable. There is a Denny's and another restraunt/bar on site and a pretty good little convenience store. Phase II is under construction, but I didn't find myself bothered by any construction noise as I spent most of my time at the end of the pool near a waterfall that seemed to drown any sounds out for the most part. It is VERY near the airport and planes do fly overhead during take-off but it wasn't bad. There is no pressure to do the timeshare presentation - although I did it and it was very low pressure and the &quot;gifts&quot; that were offered were easily worth the two hours - I got show tickets, $75 worth of restraunt coupons to good restraunts, a deep discount on a Grand Canyon tour, free magician show tickets, and numerous other little things like free drinks etc. This is a great place to stay although I recommend having a car. For those looking for timeshare investments I think it would be a great place to buy - but don't go for the initial &quot;offering price&quot; because if you hold out they will offer you some pretty good deals.	
Jun 19 2007 	Bora Bora vs. Moorea	We traded through Interval International. There was no availability for the Bora Bora room (large one bedroom), so we had to settle for the Moorea (small one bedroom). Here are some of the differences between the two rooms. The Bora Bora is about 40% bigger in space overall. It has a full kitchen (Moorea has a kitchenette that doesn't have a stove or a dishwasher). This is important for those who like to cook some of their meals instead of going out all the time. Bora Bora has a Washer/Dryer, Plasma TV, Dining Table, a bathtub with whirlpool jets and a steam shower (Moorea has a standard tub/shower combo). Bora Bora also has a Balcony that Moorea does not have. If you just need a place to sleep than Moorea is fine, but if you enjoy Resort vacationing, then Bora Bora is definitely it. For those who aren't trading and are paying by the night, it's only about a $30 difference between the two rooms. The Resort as a whole is very nice. They are in construction. I didn't have any problem with the noise. There's a BBQ station (6 BBQs) for those who like to BBQ or if you are staying in a Moorea room with no stove. The pool is very nice, plently of chairs for all. They do have daily activities (morning walks, water games, water aerobics, build your own sundae, root beer floats, continental breakfast, red rock tour, show excursions and many others). We were asked if we wanted to attend a timeshare presentation. We politely declined and they never asked again. This was pleasant compared to some other resorts (cabo). We had a great time with our 13 year old nephew and 7 month infant.	
Jun 10 2007 	Had a Great Time at Tahiti Village	We booked through Interval International by exchanging our timeshare for a week here. I had some concerns from the other reviews but I need not have worried, this resort is great. We arrived around 3pm, got a great pool view room in building 2 on the 4th floor (room 2403). It took 2 minutes to drive to the resort from the airport car rental building - that in itself was a bonus as there is nothing worse than arriving in a strange city, collecting a rental car and then driving for miles to find a hotel. Covered/shaded parking was brilliant – very necessary in 110 degree heat!The room was HUGE, well equipped and very clean. When I checked in I asked about the 'smell' that everyone refers to in other reviews. I was told that the 6th floor venting story is wrong. It is caused by the drain from the washer/dryer and steamshower drying out (it was 110 degrees outside)and the drain smells when there is no water in the pipe. The desk clerk was very understanding and told me if it happened, someone would be straight up to fix it. It did happen on the second day so based on what he said, I poured two jugs of water down the drain in the cupboard - problem solved! It was no big deal and not even worth complaining about. The only negatives relating to the room are the Washer/Dryer is an all-in-one and the dryer takes ages and roasts your clothes and the wall safe is tiny, its only 3 inches deep.We did receive a few phone calls to collect our 'Welcome Pack' at our convenience (we knew this was to get us to a sales pitch) - we said thanks, we would pop down later and then didn't bother and after 3 days we had no more phone calls for the rest of the week. We used the shuttle service to get up to the strip at night, it ran to time on every occasion that we used it. One tip is the last shuttle at night is very busy, It stops at the Tropicana, the Mirage and the Riviera. Get on at the Tropicana if you are getting the last shuttle home to ensure you get a seat. The drivers were great, very helpful. One comment I would have is that if you use the shuttle service, have the decency to say 'Thank You!' when you get off. We always said thank-you and also tipped the driver on the return journey. I couldn't believe how many rude people just got off without a word of thanks even when the driver shouted 'Have Fun' as they stepped off the bus! Manners cost nothing!Our room was given a complementary clean and linen change on the 4th day of our stay. They even replaced the free dishwashing tablets and laundry soap when they serviced the room. The room did have Internet access using your own laptop at 10 dollars per 24 hours. There was also some other system using the TV and a wireless keyboard – we didn’t use that so I don’t know much about it.The pool was lovely, there were always 3 or 4 lifeguards on duty. There were shallow areas for kids and one entrance to the pool was a sandy sloped beach. It was full of kids making sandcastles all week. The whirlpool was really nice in the evenings and open until 10pm.The onsite Dennys and Tahiti Joes Restaurants were a bonus and we ate in both over the week. (try the Nachos, the Cheesecake and the Apple Martinis in Tahiti Joes) Also within walking distance is the Outback Steakhouse, IHOP, McDonalds, Quinzo’s subs and various other options. The Outlet mall is also within walking distance and has a foodcourt. Theres a lot getting built on the other side of the road too so by next year the whole area will probably have a lot more round about in the way of shops and restaurants.Phase 2 of the resort is getting built at the moment but we did not find the construction a problem, I can imagine if your room overlooked this it may be an issue so contact them ahead of time and request a poolview room in building two or a room in building one – that way you will avoid it.The resort is being aggressively marketed on the strip. Every couple of minutes someone approached us with a ‘Tahiti Village’ uniform on and asked us if we would be in Vegas for a few more days. We got wise to them and either said we were leaving that day or flashed our room key at them (as it said Tahiti Village on it) and they ran off to pick on another victim. If you spent any time around the reception area, it was full of bus loads of these poor victims that had been promised something for free, some of them looked really disgruntled and annoyed and some were complaining loudly. A lot of them were young couples and were possibly a bit naïve to think that they were getting something for free. If you work on the basis that you get nothing for free then you won’t be disappointed. I believe folk were offered free show tickets for 3-4 hours of their time. Sorry, but if I’m on holiday, my time is precious, I would rather save the 3-4 hours of my day and pay to see a show myself!Overall, I really liked the Tahiti Village, I would not hesitate to return. I agree with other reviews that once the rest of the phases are built it will be stunning and I hope they keep up the standards once its all sold out. It will be even better when the timeshare sales folk have departed and the reception area is ‘Victim’ free.	
Jun 9 2007 	Did The Time Share We Bought Had A Great Time	So, we did the timeshare trip as well but I'm glad to say after reading these reviews that we didn't stay at the New Frontier rather we stayed at the South Point hotel and Casino. The South Point was great. We were on the 22nd floor looking out over the south strip . The room was spacious enough for my wife and daughter and I; the service staff was attentive and best of all the rooms were very quiet. In fact the rooms were so quiet I didn't even know there were guests in the adjoining rooms until I saw their room service trays outside their door. There was three problems with South Point:1. As with any hotel, when some careless ninny would let their door slam shut the noise was very present in our room. (It turned out the careless ninny was across the hall from us so no wonder the noise was loud. At least we never heard anyone clomping by our door like you do in other hotels).2. The beds and sheets left something to be desired. Unless you like very firm beds you will be uncomfortable. My wife and I woke up sore in the mornings the beds were so firm. Also, the sheets they use are partly made of sandpaper. Seriously, whenever one of us would roll over we would be awaken by the noise. It was like a really fat person was wearing a pair of corduroy's and walking around the room. Swish,swish, swish, swish!3. If you have a problem with cigarette smoke like I do you might not be happy. You have to walk all the way through the casino to get to the hotel elevators, there's no shortcut. I did get used to it by day four but my lungs were definately tight. The buffet they had was very nice especially the super cheap breakfast-well worth the money. There was a kids play area that we never explored because we were too busy walking the strip. We rented a car from the airport, for $25 a day it was well worth it. When you go to another hotel like the Bellagio take advantage of valet parking, it's so worth it. On to the time share presentation:I felt it was very laid back and without pressure. We initially told them it was too much so they brought the price down. We told them it was still too much so they brought the price down again. It was then at a price we could handle so we bought. Yes, in hindsight, we could have bought cheaper but oh well. When the 2nd and 3rd phases of Tahiti Village are completed this place will be a showstopper. All of the land between the south strip where the South Point is northward to Tahiti Village and northward again toward the main strip has been purchased and will be completely built up in the next few years. Also, there is an indoor skiing dome that is going to be built near the Tahiti. Basically, buying into the Tahiti Village now is a smart investment as it gives you lots of leverage. The grounds of the Tahiti are very nice, the rooms looked wonderful, there was no smell that other reviewers mentioned. When I go back to Vegas I look forward to staying here, it just won't be for a few years until the place is built out. I wanted to address some points that others brought up regarding the time share and the presentation.One reviewer said something to the effect of not being able to make your money back in ten years if you wanted to sell it. My question is, why would you want to sell? In ten years you'll have it paid off so all of your vacations will be even cheaper. Buy a timeshare because you will use it, buy a timeshare because your family will use it, buy a timeshare because you can sell off your weeks and make money, but don't buy a time share just to sell it down the road. Our take was this: we probably only live once, the world is so big, there is so much to see and if we can do it cheaper and in style then owning a timeshare is what we want to do.Addressing another reviewer who stated she felt the presentation was deceptive in regard to the &quot;12 extra weeks&quot; you get a year when you become a timeshare owner. Yes it is deceptive, to a certain degree. We were told the same thing about the 12 weeks, however this is not what you get. You actually get unlimited weeks...forever! If I wanted to travel to a different place each month I could, If I wanted to sell a week to a family member and make some money I could. The only thing you have to consider is the price to travel, it costs varying amounts to stay at a place depending on the the time of season and demand (a place like Las Vegas will never be cheap to stay in because there is demand 52 weeks a year, not so with Sedona Az). Right now I could go to Tenerife in the Canary Islands or go the Austrian Alps and stay a whole week for under $300. Is this a deal? You bet. Would this be available to me if I weren't an Interval timeshare holder? No, it wouldn't. Do you see where I'm going with this? 12 weeks of extra travel is too limiting compared to what you could do with your timeshare. Just be willing to travel in the offseason and you'll score. As an added bonus to becoming a time share holder we recieved a book full of coupons that let us stay in many countries throughout the world. Yes there are some restrictions, like you have to book travel through Interval's travel company, but there are restrictions on everything now days. So if I wanted I could go to Costa Rica or Aruba for 5 days and I only have to pay the airfare through Interval.All in all, we had a great time. Tahiti Village is nice place now and will be a showstopper in the future and we look forward to travelling and using our new timeshare.	
Jun 8 2007 	Paradise	We booked a 2 bedroomed suite that slept 8 and travelled from England to meet up with family travelling from Washington State and Louisiana. We had a blast. The resort was clean, well presented and no staff &quot;in your face&quot; all the time. When you wanted help it was there in abundance. It's the ideal place for the idependant traveller. Our suite was equiped with every coneivable extra and was truly luxurious. With the Outlet Mall, Tahiti Joes and other food outlets close by there's everything you need. The pool is to die for. The strip is close enough to travel to but far enough away to have a break, you really do get the best of both sides of Vegas in this way. The free shuttle service was adequate but we tended to use cabs for the return trips! Would we book again? We're already planning next years trip!	
Jun 7 2007 	AWSOME AWSOME AWSOME.	Everything and everyone was great. The room was Spotless and the view from the 6th floor, (2609) was very nice. The pool was perfect. The staff was very professional and accomodating. We were going to sell our unit, (Bora Bora) but were so impressed, we upgraded to the Royal. Thanks to the staff for a wonderful and pleasant stay. We will definatly be back for more.John &amp; Victoria.	
Jun 5 2007 	Tahiti Village = Total ripoff!! Go for the free trip but do not buy!	My husband and I went to Vegas on our free 'getaway' stay through Tahiti Village.I'll give it this much: it was free. The New Frontier, however, was absolutely horrible. Nobody should ever stay there! The bathroom was disgusting; stains in the bathtub, hardly any light at all, no light in the shower...I guess that's what you get when something is free! But for a 'nice' timeshare place, they should have you stay in something much better than that....like the resort they are trying to get you to purchase...there's a thought!As far as the presentation, etc at Tahiti Village, that went ok but we kept saying the amount was too much. They only went down to $30k for us (I think they started at $46k)...after reading other posts I know they could have gone much much lower! They also offered us 12 getaway weeks every year, in which you pay like $150/week to use if you want (in addition to the time share). We asked if we could just purchase the rooms separately and were told no. Wrong! By the way they kept saying these 12 weeks were like a one time only thing because of the opening of phase 2...I read about someone who purchased 2 years ago and got the same thing. What a great deal huh?Anyway, we ended up buying the stupid thing and I felt sick to my stomach the whole next day, so we called and cancelled. THERE IS A FIVE DAY CANCELLATION POLICY IF YOU WANT TO CANCEL!! (It's on the last page of that packet with the Red writing all over it). Needless to say, they became incredibly rude after we said we wanted to cancel, and then we were offered the Moorea side for $10k. So much for not being able to purchase them individiually! Now we're waiting for our money back!It was an ok resort, but I would not give it 5 stars, maybe 3. There is no spa, and not many other ammenities.We thought we were getting a great deal, but we weren't, so we cancelled it in time. Also, they do not mention the annual fee when they talk about charges. There is about a $650 annual fee to Tahiti Villiage, plus a small fee for Consolidated Resorts. So even after your $30k/whatever is paid off, you will still be paying an annual fee (which will get higher) forever!So not worth it!!!	
May 30 2007 	Beautiful Property	First, let me start by saying that I was a guest of a friend who was staying at the Tahiti Village. I found the place to be absolutely beautiful and excellent. The room was spacious and well-appointed. The steamist shower system provided me with some of the best showers I have ever taken.. an added plus after a long day of cruising the strip.. The master bedroom offered a 42 inch plasma television.. The pool area was very nice and inviting. I did not take advantage of any of the resort fucntions and/or shuttle service as I had a car. However, it seemed fairly seemless. The service was appropriate when needed and I was able to dine at both on site restaurants - Denny's and Tahiti Joes. I nkow there are issues with the sales packages and sales people running around the resort at all times. I did not encounter any of those issues at all .	
May 29 2007 	Do the Tour but Choose Your Hotel Wisely	If you're considering taking a tour of the Tahiti Village Timeshare, please read on! We did not stay on the property.We responded to the advertisement for 2 nights free accomodation in Las Vegas if we'd tour the Tahiti Village timeshare. When I called, they &quot;upgraded&quot; us to three nights and included $50 gas card, 2 tickets to the Riviera Comedy Club, a certificate to renew our wedding vows at a local chapel, and 2 buffet tickets at the Tropicana. They required a $129 deposit that they would refund when we took the tour.I wanted to go during our anniversary, so had specific dates in mind. For these dates (including a Saturday and Sunday night) we were offered the New Frontier or the South Point casino. I had read reviews on TA about the deterioration of the New Frontier, so we chose the South Point (even though it's further down the strip). I would make this choice again in a heartbeat - the South Point was great!The day after our arrival we were scheduled for the tour. About 15 couples were loaded on the shuttle bus at the South Point and 5 minutes later we were at the Tahiti Village.Now we've been to a few timeshare presentations and expected it to be uncomfortable and high pressure. I was pleasantly surprised with their low pressure presentation. After a short movie and a group speaker, our &quot;host&quot; told us how great and different they were. My husband said, &quot;How much&quot; and we were immediately taken to see the condos. My husband again said &quot;how much&quot; and we were taken back and shown the numbers. We said, &quot;that's too much&quot; and had a supervisor come over immediately. He took it down quite a bit (quickly) and we said &quot;that's too much&quot; again. They said &quot;thank you for your time&quot; and we were out of there!!! We were given all the gifts we were promised and our deposit was refunded. We were taken back to the shuttle - we were the first ones back. We waited for two other couples and then were taken back to the South Point. It took about 3 hours for everything. Not bad for 3 nights in Vegas.So DO go on the tour, just don't accept the New Frontier as your hotel while you're there.About the resort (for those of you who may actually stay there!):The rooms looked very comfortable and the kitchens had nice appliances and granite countertops. The bathrooms looked nice as well, and there is a in-room safe. I was told that room service cleans the rooms every day - not just once a week like other resorts.The best thing about the resort looked to be the pool. There were plenty of chairs and even shady spots available. The pool has a beach area with sand that I'm sure kids would love. It's open 24/7 with your room key. It's about 1 mile away from the other hotels on the strip - an easy drive if you have a car. I was told they also have a shuttle that takes you to the strip.	
May 29 2007 	A Nice Stay	My best friend and I stayed at Tahiti Village May 23 - May 28 2007. We really enjoyed our stay. The property is beautiful, especially the pool area. I booked this trip through Interval International (a timeshare exchange company) as one of their getaways. The price was right for Memorial Day weekend that is for sure!!!! We did our best to avoid the timeshare tours, etc. They did leave a daily message on our phone, but we just deleted it and went about our day. No problems. The shuttle system to the strip was excellent. They were at the appropriate stops at the designated times. There is a grocery shuttle on Mondays and Thursdays which we used. We were able to eat breakfast and sometimes lunch in our unit, and then we splurged on dinner at the casinos. It was a great way to vacation.The only negative was what someone else mentioned......The smell. There is definitely a problem with the venting system. We were on the second floor building 1 and in the mornings we couldn't stand the smell. It smelled like stale cigarette smoke only really strong. It seemed to be only in the mornings because when we got home at night, it was gone. It did make us get up and go in the mornings!!! We did mention it when checking out, and the front desk staff said that it is the 6th floor venting down. Hopefully that will get fixed. That being said, the rest of the property is nice and the staff was also very helpful. Not sure I would purchase a week here, but would trade a week or use the getaway again.	
May 21 2007 	Run Away	Like many reviews I've read below, my wife and I signed up for the Tahiti Village package (3 hotel nights and a tour of the luxurious resort property). This was to be our first get-away since we had our daugher, 3 years ago. With much excitement we drove to Las Vegas, looking forward to a relazing vacation.Firstly, the Tahiti Village (with the exception of the pleasant staff) was 2-stars at best. It is a washed down property with simple accommodations and certinly not worth it's &quot;5-star&quot; advertizement.THE WORST PART OF THE TRIP: The theme, &quot;So this is what it's like to be treated like a VIP?&quot; couldn't be further from the truth. We too were put up in the &quot;New&quot; Frontier Hotel. The sign should have made us turn and drive away before we even put the car in park...&quot;Cold Beer and Dirty Girls&quot;. Any hotel that blatantly advertizes this, though that's the Las Vegas theme, should not be your choice of destination. We have never seen a trashier, run-down hotel. If this is what it's like to be treated like a VIP...we want nothing to do with it. Hindsight...we should have stood up in the middle of our vacation presentation and requested payment for our time and the hotel we ended up actually staying at. Yes, we left our room occupied at the New Frontier (which was supposedly the only hotel available of the other 5 you get to choose from) and stayed at a clean hotel. We paid $375 for two nights to not stay at the New Frontier.Run away from the Tahiti Village Las Vegas package. Not only is it overpriced ($26,000...please?), but no one will want to purchase your &quot;vacation ownership&quot; in 10 years, like they try to convince you.Deeply Frustrated!!!!(Southern California)	
May 16 2007	The new Tahiti Village	Resort Review: Tahiti VillageThis is my review of the resort / timeshare Tahiti Village, located in Las Vegas, Nevada.My stay (June 2006) was within weeks of opening, so much of Tahiti Village may have changed since composing this review.My visit was from June 10th thru June 17th 2006. I stayed in the Bora Bora Suite. Consolidated Resorts description of the suite actually matched what was in the suite as well! This is the deluxe one bedroom half suites available. The other half is called the Moorea. If you stay in a two bedroom suite, it is called the Royal Tahitian; a suite with both suites combined. Entry between both is via the lockoff door. To other timeshare owners, I am sure this will be familiar, for this is standard operating procedure.Transportation DetailsTahiti Village is located @ 7200 South Las Vegas Blvd., Las Vegas, NV. Since the resort is a few miles down from the strip, Tahiti Village provides a shuttle service for guests. The service runs once an hour, stopping at three major hotels; The Tropicana, The Mirage, and The Riviera. Pay attention to where you are dropped off; pick up will be at the same location.The shuttle buses are easily noticed with &quot;Tahiti Village&quot; written on them. N.B. There are two types of buses running. The first are the normal shuttle buses; simple color, simple logo. The second are the tour buses; lots of color and graphics and logos. These tour buses are NOT the shuttle buses, but for tours around Vegas and prospective timeshare owners. If confused, the driver(s) will definitely let you know which bus is correct.Shuttle schedules and delays were somewhat irregular. In the morning, drivers were very prompt at leaving the resort. Shuttles leave on the hour, not load on the hour. So get there a few minutes early. Later in the day, most drivers seemed a little slower; smoke breaks etc. Your milage may vary. Once on the strip, times vary due to traffic itself. Plan on arriving to the pickup destination at least 10 minutes early, but also plan on waiting as well. Beats missing the bus and waiting for another shuttle. Taxi service is alway another option, but could be costly.A daily shuttle to a local grocery store (VONS / Safeway) is also available. It does leave @ 8AM, so any non morning people will have to get up early; but do it once, and get it over with. It is well worth it. You don't have to shop at a convenience store and able to get most of your week's worth of items all at once. A great way to take advantage of the suite's kitchen and appliances. It can be very nice to wake up, make some coffee and eggs, and just enjoy the morning. It's not the same as room service, but can be just as good.For minor items, there are stores within walking distance: a few convenience stores, a McDonald's, and eventually an on site store near the resort lobby.Taxi service to and from the airport is quick and easy. Tahiti Village is within a few miles from McCarran Airport. One way fare was under $20; finally cost including tip was $15. When your ready to leave, the lobby will gladly call a taxi service for you and it should arrive promptly.Resort and Suite AmenitiesMuch of the resort amenities are listed on their website, so I will not list them all. I will the mention amenities details not listed, including my comments and opinions: * Continental Breakfast: 8 - 10AM, located near the resort lobby. * Laundry and Dishwashers are in the suites; I was able to get additional dish detergent from housekeeping, but you may want to purchase some clothing detergent for the washing machine. Mainly to pick a brand your familiar with. Iron and ironing board also are available in the rooms. * Restaurants near by include: IHOP - 24/7 Outback Steakhouse McDonald's - 24/7 Drive Thru; however the dining room is not 24/7. * Several takeout and delivery options, ask the front desk for some menus. Food types included: Italian - 24/7 Delivery Chinese * Internet TV Terminals in the suites, with laptop network connection: sign on (pay), plug in your laptop's ethernet (wired) connection, and go! * On Demand Video, via the Internet TV Terminal (NXTV). Pricey, but convenient.Construction?I wasn't going to mention much about this, but figured might as well anyway. The resort is quite new, so new in fact that some of it is not finished. Now, this is not a major deterrent. I was and still am impressed with the quality of everything. The room, lobby, and common areas were nicely done, clean, and great looking. The &quot;Tahiti&quot; look and feel is tasteful and a nice change compared to your common hotel / resort.Before you visit, call the resort and find out what is left to finish. During my stay the follow were still under construction: * Pools: A shuttle to the Tropicana is available use of their pool. * Outdoor grilling common area * Lobby Convenience Store: use the grocery shuttle or the very short walk to the nearby stores.Now, as for the pools, once finished, I can imagine it will look spectacular. It will not be your normal rectangular pool. Palms trees, recliners, and plenty of pool to go around. Notice the word pools. Multiple pools; a large pool (star pattern?), kiddie pool?, and hot tub area.ConclusionTahiti Village is a great resort and very comfortable place to vacation at while in Las Vegas. Please keep in mind, I am not a professional reviewer; these are just my personal opinions. When I visit again, I will be sure to update this review, or simply create a brand new one!I have more photos and information at my blog.Contact me for me information!	
May 15 2007 	Great resort - only one bad point	Overall the Tahiti Village was an amazing &quot;Wedding/Honeymoon&quot; getaway! We had a great 5night stay and everything was great until checkout. The girls at the front desk are not the friendliest people. Checking in was with a different girl than what checked us out, but neither were very friendly. The girl that checked us out informed us about 2 movie rentals we owed for, however, we only rented one. The time of the rental that we did NOT get was at 4:30 in the afternoon and we KNOW we did not rent that movie. Of course after trying to explain we only rented one, the girl at the desk was, as I said unfriendly and unwilling to hear anything about the fact that we didn't rent it. The thing that really bothered me the most was knowing that if we didn't rent the movie - who did? We triedexplaining that we were not in the room at the date and time it was rented. She did look up on the computer and tell us that it was only watched for 7 minutes. When we questioned about someone in the cleaning staff possibly could have done it.....she stressed over and over that there was no way that would be possible because you have to go thru 5 steps to rent one. Well, I don't know how its NOT possible for someone in the cleaning staff to figure that out........if we figured it out!! Like I said my main concern is that SOMEONE was in our room for at least 7 minutes when THEY SHOULD NOT HAVE BEEN. Like I said other than that final moment at check out - everything was GREAT. The pool is by far the best part about the place. Very relaxing and the girl in the Tiki Bar for Tahiti Joe's was the nicest, most pleasant person to talk to (Melixa). She makes great bloody mary's!I would reccomend this place - but it just makes me leary of who was in our room............	
May 14 2007 	Be very careful!	There is potential for this to be a great resort. There are a lot of pluses, but just a few negative things can make this place not worth staying at. This is primarily a timeshare resort, which can be a good thing (kitchens in each room) and a bad thing (sales people in every corner). We stayed here for a week, 5/6-5/13/07. The pluses- great pool for kids, “Red Rock” tour available on several days- you just pay to enter the park, a mini breakfast (muffins and juice), a shuttle that takes you to and from the strip. The negatives- security and sales people. When we checked in and got to the room, we discovered that someone was already staying in the room. I had to go back to the front desk and they explained that they had given us keys to and allowed us to go into someone else's room (with all of their valuables). The “lead” in charge (who was also the person that created the key cards!) put us in a smaller room and explained that sometimes it just happens (letting people into someone else's room). The security (or lack thereof) was very disappointing, not to mention scary! There was no manager available, and the lead tried to give us some show tickets to make it all go away- as if that makes us forget how easily they allow strangers a key to your room! They also refused to give us a room equivalent in size to the room we were originally assigned to. Needless to say, this left us with a very poor first impression. The couple that was staying with us actually left to go to another hotel because they did not trust their belongings to be safe in the room. Our opinions weren’t improved any by all of the sales people that are constantly all over the resort, especially in the hallways and near the elevator. They are very rude and stand in the way, making it very difficult to come and go to and from your room. We even heard the housekeeping employees complaining about them. The focus here is on selling their property, not caring for the current owners/guests. They have a concierge desk and the employees there can be helpful, but their main goal is to sign you up for a timeshare presentation.	
May 6 2007 	Tahiti Village...DON'T DO THE TOUR!!!	My husband responded to the Radio Ad for a free stay at a hotel on the Vegas strip; in exchange we had to do a 90-minute tour of Tahiti Village. The promise of a free hotel stay was not the reason why we wanted to go; we were truly interested in purchasing a time-share. Our stay was to be at the &quot;fabulous&quot; New Frontier hotel, located right on the Vegas strip. Our stay at the hotel was less than pleasant; after flying across the country we wanted to shower upon our arrival before going out. When we found out that there was no hot water in our room, we asked why at the front desk. The clerk called the manager and told him that we were &quot;complaining&quot; that there was no hot water in our room!!! It was fixed a few hours later. The next day we were shuttled off to the Tahiti Village along with 15 other couples for our tour. Upon arrival, we were all brought in a room and our names were called out by our sales agent. After meeting our agent we were brought up to a larger room and were asked to complete a questionaire. At this point, EVERYONE was very friendly, personable and showed a genuine interest in us. Once we completed the questionaire and listened to the host speaker, we all watched a presentation on Tahiti Village. We then took a walking tour of the resort and were then brought back to the room for more one-on-one information(pressure). Upon stating to them our marital agreement to make no rushed financial decisions without thorough discussion, the &quot;heavy hitter&quot; was called to our table and explained what a great opportunity this was because it was the Grand Opening of Phase II and how this offer would only be available today. At this point he reduced the purchase price of $47,000 to $26,000 AND would throw in 4 trips anywhere in the world for us to use for the next 6 years. We once again stated that we were very interested in purchasing this property, but we asked for 12 hours to think about it and get back to him in the morning. He then told us &quot;by law&quot; he could not make this offer again after today. Once again we asked to allow us to give him our decision in the morning, he then reduced the purchase price to $12,000 and told us which color balloon has the &quot;GRAND PRIZE TRIP&quot; inside it. He then told us that we would be &quot;a--holes&quot; not to purchase today at this price. At this point my husband and I were offended, we got up from the table and went into the hallway. We were quickly followed by our agent and the &quot;heavy hitter&quot; and were not allowed to talk alone. At this point, my husband told him that we did not appreciate being spoken to that way and stated that we no longer have interest in this property. It was then stated that we &quot;must be a--holes with no money&quot;. Our &quot;agent&quot; then immediately escorted us to a window where we were given a bag with coupons in it and she pointed down the hall to the elevator and said that we could get out that way. It lead us to a side exit where there was a less than desirable shuttle bus waiting to take us back to our hotel (along with all the other non-buyers).	
May 4 2007	Tahiti Village is great	I called in on the radio advertisment i heard! I was a bit unsure about what I was about to get myself into. It turned out to be a great second hooney moon, if you know what I mean. The hotel accomadations were okay and it was more than I thought when i booked my reservation. I love Las Vegas and to get to spend three nights all at the expense of Consolidated Resorts was great. I sat through the two hour tour and just said, &quot;NO,&quot; they left me alone and my wife and I had a great time in Vegas! It sounds to me that there are a few bitter participantes. I would have to disagree with half the disgruntaled people on this website. Take your free vacation and party at the hardrock for me.!!! I won $3000 at the Hard Rock when I was there. Not much you can complain about when you don't have have to pay for your hotel room!!!!! Have a great time in Vegas people!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
May 2 2007 	Great Stay at Tahiti Village	Visited the resort back in February (2/10 - 2/17). Check-in went very smoothly. There were 2 adults and 1 child (10) and we stayed in a smaller one bedroom unit. We were very happy with the accommodations. Unit had a combo kitchen/livingroom set up along with a nice size bathroom and fairly large bedroom. Unit would work well for 2 adults and 2 kids. The resort is located just south of the airport so it is not in the main &quot;strip area&quot;. Although we only used the shuttle a few times the service was very friendly and on time. The pool area is very nice the only drawback is the construction going on near the back. I am an owner here and look forward to staying here again and again.	
Apr 24 2007	Do Not take the Tahiti Village Tour 	DON'T TAKE THEIR TOUR, THE AD IS A LIE. We picked Circus Circus for our Hotel. The bathroom wall had a hole in it, and the floor in front of the closet was wet. When we called Tahiti village we were told it would cost us about 200.00 to change hotels. The great show on the strip that was promised was some backroom comedy show of no names. When we went to listen to the sales pitch, they kept telling us that if we sign up we will get all these free trips. NO YOU DON'T. You have to pay for either the Room or the Air Fare. Which you do not find out about until you sign up. And just try to get in touch with someone by phone, all you get is voice mail. The stress we were put thru has caused my husband and I to seperate and we will be divorcing. Is it worth it??? NO ! ! !	
Apr 14 2007 	Hold you nose!!!	My girlfriend and I stayed at Tahiti Village. (April 1- April 8) The check-in went smoothly and our room location was great. Room 2611 to be exact. ( Or so we thought-- Much more on this later.) We had a view of the pool and the strip. (The heart of the strip is about 4 miles away)The strengths of the one bedroom Bora Bora unit include 1.) A first class bathroom- whirlpool tub and steamshower and his' and her' sinks. 2.) Full Kitchen 3.) Nice and comfortable King size bed. 4.) 42 inch plasma TV in bedroom.The strengths of the resort include 1.) Pool and lifeguards-- you will be able to get a lounge chair with ease. 2.) The shuttle service was great 9:00 AM-11:00 PM weekdays-- and until 1:00 AM weekends. 3.) The on site store had many items at reasonable prices.They are selling these timeshares for as high as $44,000 for one week-- plus closing costs and lifetime maintenance dues. You would think that they would have a Five Star Management Team for that &quot;chunk of change.&quot; They certainly do not. It should be noted I do not place blame on the frontline workers. They tried to help and were very polite. However, trying to figure out who is in charge or responsible for anything was and still is impossible.My problem was the stench that greeted me my third night there. As it turns out this multi- million dollar resort decided to have the &quot;vent&quot; pipe end on the sixth floor instead of the roof. What has happened to me, other vacationers in the past(this according to maintenance staff) and I am sure future vacationers is we get to smell all the disgusting odors that come out the southend of the 5 floors below us. Worse yet they didn't temporarily solve the problem until an irate phone call the next day. ( They solve/I mean bandaid the problem by pouring water down the drain located in your closet.)As it turn out we stayed and had dinner at the Bellagio that evening some $425 later, I still have only received apology from Non-supervisor staff as of this writing. I am in shock and amazement that nobody has taken the time to contact me. I would hope the they solve this serious health issue immediately, and reimburse me accordingly.Once this is done, I would with confidence recommend this place. Finally, &quot;Who exactly is in charge of this resort with awesome potential?&quot;	
Apr 11 2007 	Thumbs up for tahiti village!!	Just returned from a week (4/4-4/11) at Tahiti Village. After reading some not so positive reviews, I was pleasantly surprised. We had a 2 bedroom unit - it was huge with 4 TV's and 2 beautlfully appointed bathrooms with jacuzzi and steam shower. Everything was clean and pool area was spread out. Location is not right in the hustle bustle of the strip which we liked. Shuttle service to strip was every 1/2 hour and reliable. Food at adjoining restaurant (Tahiti Joe's) was Polynesian style and delicious. Staff was friendly. Would definitely return!!	
Apr 9 2007 	Enjoyed Tahiti Village Resort Las Vegas	My husband and I with our two kids just returned from a week vacation at the Tahiti Village Resort in Las Vegas. Let me just say that our two children did not want to leave. The weather was awesome. Everything was pleasant from when we checked-in thru checked-out. We were greeted and assisted right away. We had a large 1 bedroom (Bora Bora) unit, which was very nice and spacious for 4 people, granite countertops and in the bathroom, full kitchen and regular TV with dvd in the living room and huge plasma with dvd in the master BR. Everything was provided. I have to admit it took at least 5 minutes to figure out the washer and dryer combo but it does work just need a little patience. Never had an issue with the keys. We loved the pool and the relaxed atmosphere. It was never crowded. A new restaurant just opened called Tahiti Joes. They were fantastic. Service was just a little slow but food, drinks, and service to the pool were excellent. The pool has a little sandy beach feel where kids can actually bury themselves in sand or make sand castles. Also, you were allowed to bring food, drinks, to the pool which most resorts won't allow. For owners, they had some activities for each day; such as, free lunch one day, face painting the other,, continental breakfast, waffle breakfast, etc... My husband and I felt like we were treated like adults. We were given the option to call them if we wanted to attend a presentation and receive free tickets. We opted not to since we're already owners and not interested in upgrading. No one hazzled us. The place is still under contruction but once it's all finished it's going to be an amazing resort. It will include a lazy river which currently is not built. At first I was very nervous about the location due to the reviews from this website but I'm glad I found out to be otherwise and will definately go back hopefully when it's all completed. I can go on writing about this place but I'll stop here. You do need a car to get around other places than the strip. Definately do the Grand Canyon Expedition Tour and Hoover Dam. We were totally amazed and the kids received an excellent educational experience. If you like additional information do not hesitate to ask via email: brokesinc@yahoo.com.	
Apr 8 2007	Call Me Picky	Okay, I am picky but....How on earth can a resort call itself top of the line without internet access???? The website says free wifi in the lobby. Not so here. You want the internet in your room, you can have it...for $11/day. That’s right per day. Oh, so you forgot your laptop. That's fine. Its only $.50/min. in the business center. Yes, you read right, fifty cents per minute. If the website would just say &quot;we will shake you down to use the internet,&quot; I wouldn't be mad. However, it did (at least admittedly by the staff) say so a few months ago that it was free! So we're past being disconnected from the rest of the world, now everything else should be great. Until the &quot;trap on the steam shower dries out and makes your room smell like sewage.&quot; Yup, seems to be a common problem. The resort claims that if you don't use the steam shower then your room will smell like crap...literally. And it does, for real. All this aside, the rooms are gorgeous, staff excellent and pool is great. You wouldn't realize you are in Vegas when you are on the property. That's a good thing by the way. However, Alan Thicke and Tanya Roberts have a lot of kinks to work out on this property.	
Apr 5 2007	Don't Do the "Free" Tour		
Mar 29 2007 	Excellent Accommodations with a Few Exceptions		
Mar 20 2007 	Tahiti Village is a scam...		
Mar 10 2007 	Quiet and Relaxing		
Mar 7 2007	What Happens In Vegas..........		
Jan 22 2007	a nice break from the strip's action.		
Dec 19 2006 	No real problems here		
Nov 11 2006 	Hated the Tahiti Village		
Oct 10 2006 	New Luxurious Tahiti Village Resort		
