	Kicking and Screaming	We stayed at the Wynn for 3 nights (midweek), as part of a package that included round trip travel from Newark on Continental, and an upgraded panoramic view room, for under $700 per person. Check in was quick at 5:30PM; we requested a view of the Strip, and our room on the 54th floor (5432), was outstanding. The entire wall opposite our bed was glass, and we had the most fabulous views by day and night. The room was huge and impeccable, the bed, bedding and pillows fabulous, the bathroom (especially the deep soaking tub) to die for. My husband, a very sophisticated traveler, was uncharacteristically silent for about 10 minutes, then blurted: &quot;Can't we stay a whole week? I'll be kicking and screaming when it's time to check out.&quot; I would agree that there are many extra charges at the Wynn, for example, the gym (about $30/day). Alternative: get your exercise by walking everywhere; first get your legs in shape before the trip, and pack your most comfortable shoes.Another extra hit to the wallet is for internet use (about $16/day). Alternative: there are two computers with printer in the Fashion Show Mall's food court (3rd floor, next to the Currency Exchange): Do your online check-in and printing of boarding passes for $5. Continental breakfast: the Starbucks, just across the Strip at the Fashion Show Mall, is the place. ( The mall itself opens at 10AM, but the Starbucks outside (ground level) with the open air cafe was open when I arrived, blearyeyed, at 7AM, and delicious coffee and muffins for two cost under $8, less than half of what you pay at the Wynn). The Grand Luxe Cafe in the casino at the Palazzo (next door) has an excellent and reasonably priced menu, with huge portions that you'll need to share.Favorite show: Le Reve (at the Wynn); get same day half price tickets at the Fashion Show Mall (near the Starbucks), starting at 10AM. Go early.	
	Great Restaurants 	Good: Restaurants were excellent and prices fair in my eyes. Room layout very nice. Nice and lengthy pool allows for good swimming. Had room on 52nd floor with great view.Bad: Rooms could use touch uop after 4,5 years. Our door was not closing airtight - leading to noise due to underpressure from different AC systems. In addition, noise came through AC on weekend...could hear the night club on 52nd floor!Please note that everything costs extra:- Internet 14 USD/ day- Gym 30 USD/ day- Shoe shine 6 USD/ pair- ...Be aware of that before you book. You might get a great room rate, but hotel itself is pretty expensive.	
	Don't stay here!	This resort is a joke. You have to pay for everything daily. Pool towels have to be rented, and the gym is outrageous to go to. I will never stay here again. They do have great shops in it though, but the concierge is terrible, and none of the resteraunts were good.	
	Nothing special robotic help corporate attitude. Pretty to look at but it ends there.	This was our 3rd or 4th stay for the Thanksgiving holiday. Will not return to this hotel. Kids stayed at Wynn, my wife and I at Encore. Both are visually stunning but the service, cleanliness and food quality was a disappointment - well below what it used to be. This is just another big corporate hotel now. Employees complained the hotel cut back their $100 birthday gift as well as other perks. You could see the disdain for their work in their faces. From the monotone voice and expressionless face of the morning Terrace cafe manager to the checkout person who took almost 45 minutes to correct my bill of a $63 overcharge - this place is the opposite of hospitality and this was the last stay there for my family.	
Nov 25 2009 	Excellent...as expected	I spent 6 nights at Wynn for work and while attending Global Gaming Expo, but I managed to arrange my girlfriend to join me, so it sort of turned into a half-work, half-leisure trip. Overall, Wynn was excellent, as anticipated. I work in the asset management industry covering stocks of casino compaines, so I am very familiar with all of the room and ammenity offerings for pretty much everything in Las Vegas. Wynn, despite being a few years old now, is still one of the nicest places on the Strip. Encore is obviously a little newer but it was designed distinctivly for the upper-class Asian gambler, so it may or may not suit your taste. The location of Wynn is pretty far north and with CityCenter opening in December, the &quot;center mass&quot; of the Strip will shift south once again. Yes, you can walk pretty much anywhere on the Strip, but in 100+ degree heat or the cold at night in the middle of winter, Wynn and/or Encore can leave you feeling a little detached from most of the action. Still, that may be just what you want.The room rates at Wynn (like almost every other resort in Las Vegas) have come down dramatically, so it somewhat pains me to hear people complaining regarding the extra fees here and there. The &quot;normal&quot; rates for Wynn since it opened were well into the $300 and $400 range so to book a room for under $200 and get a $50 resort credit is pretty nice. Deal with the extra $15 for internet or $30 for the gym. The fact is, without charging these little fees, these resorts would be in even more serious trouble and they would have to cut back on real services which you would notice even more. Granted, the check in lines at Wynn are a bit longer than they used to be and there are fewer waiters in the restaurant, but overall this is really a luxury property and arguably the best in LV, even factoring in Bellagio, Venetian/Palazzo, and possibly CityCenter.Great dining...if you have money to spare, definitely check out Alex at Wynn. It's Chef Alessandro Stratta's place and it is spectacular. We also tried Daniel Boulud Brasserie which has a great location overlooking the &quot;Lake of Dreams&quot; and was priced pretty fairly.Room was great...clean and in good condition, albeit a bit smaller than at Palazzo. You really can't go wrong at the prices being charged for a 4 or 5 star room.	
Nov 24 2009 	WYNN - PERFECT	Stayed at the Wynn for one night. We had originally planned 2 nights at a downtown hotel but changed after seeing downtown did not really suit our tastes. Received a Resort King room on the 31st floor with a strip view. Absolutely loved the way the hotel was decorated. So many colors, the pictures do not really do it justice. The casino was wide open, not as smoky as others I have been in. We thought the service was excellent everywhere, from the bell desk to check in to all of the dealers and restaurant staff. The pool area looked lovely though it was really too cold to enjoy. Our room was nice-sized, comfortable king-sized bed, spacious bathroom . Loved it.	
Nov 23 2009 	Wynn Executive Suite *WOW*	We booked it through our Platinum American Express Card Travel Services and were automatically upgraded to an Executive Suite. WHOA! It was absolutely stunning. I have stayed in suites at the Plaza NYC, The Penninsula NYC, The new Trump Hotel in Chicago, and at the Bellagio...this was, by far the nicest and best quality suite (along with the Penninsula). We had two lovely and enormous bathrooms and a very large sitting/ bed area. We were in room 5602 and faced the golf course. Everything about our stay was perfect. The bedding, the cleanliness of the room, the pretty decor~it was all top shelf. We had no problem with noise or whistling air conditioning vents or anything that previous posters mentioned. One discovery that my husband made was that the door that was right next to our room led to the adjacent hallway at the Encore. Using this &quot;secret passageway&quot; saved us much time when we wanted to go down to the casino, shops or spa. The spa was just lovely. Corey gave me an amazing facial and I highly suggest one books with her. Clothes are optional in the spa but most people wore bikinis...I wish I had remembered to bring a bathing suit. The other positive about staying in the Tower is that the pool area is reserved for people staying in the suites (although nobody checked our key) and that our key allowed us to get in the short lines at the buffet etc. By the way, when we used our &quot;secret passageway&quot; we were so happy that we chose to stay at the Wynn and not at the Encore. The Encore hallway was a tacky peach color and the rooms looked average. I had a hard time deciding which side to stay on and I am so happy we chose the Wynn. My husband and I will stay at the Wynn until the next latest and greatest hotel opens up...and has American Express amenities!	
Nov 23 2009 	SUCKS DAILY INTERNET FEE HOTWATER FEE... RIDICULOUS	Very disappointed.Daily internet fee, hotwater feeExtra fee for higher floors though this is a prepaid hotel ( advance booking online )I do not recommend this hotel expensive extras!!!Added, noise issue no room insulation you can hear the in and out of the adjacent rooms!!!	
Nov 20 2009 	Extravagant!	The hotel is beautiful, one of the newest on the strip and it is noticable. The suites we stayed in for luxurious and you certainly get what you pay for. Pool are lovely but once the you get to around 3pm the sun tends to dissapear behind another building. The restaurants are beautiful and there is something for everyone. Especially nice was the restaurant called Tableau for breakfast they do Tableau potatoes soooooooo good!!! The only gripe I had was you had to pay to use the Gym which considering what you pay to stay there you might have thought it would be included think its roughly $25 per day. Overall absolutely beautiful, would definitely recommend to everyone and would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 19 2009 	Awesome	Only complaints would be the $14/day charge for wifi and $30/day charge to use the gym/spa facilities. For the amount one pays to stay here, those services should be included. Other than that, The place was an oasis on the strip. Quiet (no kids in sight), elegant, and sexy. The rooms were large and comfortable. On a return trip to Vegas, this would be the first place I would consider.	
Nov 19 2009 	Upscale comfort in a beautiful hotel	Like everyone else, we like a nice clean comfortable hotel that responds to your needs. We chose the Wynn because the prices are about as low as they will ever be, so it was &quot;now or never&quot; to go for one of the top venues. The room was a standard on the 6th floor, looking at the TI and Trump. Very clean and the bed was comfortable. We ate elsewhere for the most part (Canonita at the Grand Canal Shoppes next door at the Venetian was very nice casual dining with a canal-side view of a young man's proposal during a gondola ride.) We got in late after a show one night, and grabbed something at the deli next to the casino.....it was horrid! Very greasy, dead cheese, yuk. The buffet was very nice for breakfast. We received a $100 credit which could be used for various things...not casino or Garth Brooks tickets, but was very vague on what was allowable. There could have been better transparency on the accounting for the credit. They wanted you to spend, and they'd take the charges down until you passed the $100 mark, and then things would show up on your bill at ck out. In other words, you didn't get an itemization. I felt our buffet, drinks, and that awful uneaten deli order got us our $100 credit ok, so we didn't have to fight at check out, so we were happy.Once our TV remote stopped working, and the tech was in our room within 3 minutes of our call, and this happened well after midnight! Well done!Bottom line, this was a treat. However, I would like to tell folks about the GO rooms on the upper floors at the Flamingo. We stayed in one of those a few years ago when they were newly renovated. I feel the room itself was just as nice as the one at the Wynn, with the bathroom TV, remote draperies ipod docks etc. That was also a splendid room for about $60 or so, and very centrally located.	
Nov 19 2009 	Enjoyable stay with small exceptions..	We were at the Wynn Resort for a one week stay at the end of October. The mail level of the hotel is absolutely gorgeous, the rooms on the other hand were noisy and dirty. We were in a resort room on the 14th floor facing the strip/roof top. We could here the cars outside, our next door neighbors, as well as doors slamming all night long. The pool area is very nice, but good luck getting a lounge chair! They need to hire more pool staff to help the customers find lounges. We enjoyed Le Reve (the show), it was wonderful. The location of the Wynn is not my favorite, I prefer to be more central. The one thing we loved was the restaurants, we had dinner at the SW steakhouse which was great, as well as the Japanese restaurant in the Encore,and it was very good. The taste of Wynn allows you to enjoy a prixe fixed meal for a certain price. Our next trip we will try the new tower at Caesars.	
Nov 18 2009 	Incredible hotel	First trip to Vegas and stayed at the incredible Wynn Hotel. It's billed as a resort hotel and they weren't kidding; they were excavating for a beach while we were there! The rooms are huge, the waterfalls are beautiful, the pools are so inviting and you have to love the fact that you can have your own cabana. Not a gambler but the people watching is worth going down to the lounges by the casino. The shopping is like something you would see on Rodeo Drive or in New York. Expensive? Incredibly so. Worth it? Every pennyps: hated the fact that you don't get a coffee maker in the room. Who the heck wants to get all dressed and prettied up to go down to the cafe for a coffee first thing in the morning! But really, if that's the worst thing I can come up with, that's nothing at all!	
Nov 15 2009 	Great hotel but expensive extras	The hotel is fabulous and the room one of the nicest we've ever stayed in. We got a great rate, but had a hard time convincing staff both on check in and check out to honour the $25 room credit that our room rate had promised. Luckily we had it in writing. The promised upgrade never happened .. and the view of the Lake of Dreams that the receptionist told us we had turned out to be non-existent - just a view of the roof and main strip. The room though was spacious and a great bathroom, towels and amenities. Amazing robes and bed linens. No slippers though, which I was surprised about.We did have some noise issues - the wind tends to whilst through any gaps available, like the air-con vents and also from the connecting (but locked) door. A constant whistling which can be annoying. Also annoying is the 30 second thing with the fridge - we were too scared to even put our water in it in case we got charged!The breakfast buffet is well worth enduring the queues for - one of the best I've ever had. Other places didn't appeal - just too expensive. Maybe I am cheap, but paying nearly $4 for a bagel seems excessive. Also excessive is the wi-fi charge - no free internet which is very cheap of them given that they presumably pay a one-off for the connection.The only negative is that you step from the relative luxury of the rooms to see people badly dressed in shorts and T shirts in the main casino - you feel like you go from 5 star down to 3 star straightaway. I guess they can't do anything about that.We would stay again though - just for the luxury of the bed and the bed linen!	
Nov 14 2009 	You've ARRIVED!!!!!!	Stayed at the Wynn Resort for three nights and it was AMAZING!!!!!Upgraded to a Panoramic View room on the 58th floor facing the golf course, best view ever. Just right over the 18th hole waterfall view. The rooms are incredible.I work in the hotel business in sales/reservations and I've never seen and had such great service from a hotel. Every employee seem so helpful and not irritated by you asking questions.Loved all the restaurants from Strata to even the Buffet. The atrium in the buffet was gorgeous. The resort room was heavenly. From the huge bathroom to the cloud like beds it really felt like 'you've arrived'. After the trip I came home with the whole bedding set. Bought 2 pillows, the comforter, the sheets. It was expensive, but damn GOOD!!!!Loved playing at the casino too. If you play slots, play the new Monopoly Bonus slots, so cool graphics, combines both the old spinning slots with video graphics. I got so many bonus rounds within seconds. So fun!!!!If you want to relax and be in a hotel with everything, The Wynn is the perfect location, especially with Encore just near by. A All-in-One resort.Treat yourself to a relaxing stay here. ***Oh one tip- if you are a shopaholic don't pass by the Esplanade of shops.....I did and I left with a big dent in my Black AMEX...yikes....how i adore Louis Vuitton	
Nov 13 2009 	Luxury and comfort on the strip.	This might have been the largest room and bathroom I ever stayed in. The soaking tub was fabulous after a long hard day and miles of walking on the strip. The luxury products and amenities in the room made me feel like a queen and the staff couldn't have been nicer.	
Nov 11 2009 	very comfortable	this room in the north tower had one of the most comfortable beds i have ever been in.. the pillows were wonderful, the room was clean..the pool was great..everyone that worked there from the desk clerks to the housekeepers to the gaming room was polite and attentive... excellent value for the price..	
Nov 10 2009 	First Class Service all the way	My husband, myself and 5 other couples were very pleased to have stayed at the Wynn from Nov. 2nd-5th. Our check in was wonderful and we were all given rooms on the 53rd floor with panoramic views of the city. The rooms were big -- with down pillows, comfortable beds and two sinks in the bathroom, along with a make up area and seat, . a couch and table. The bathroom had a flat screen TV along with the TV in the bedroom which swung out from the wall for better viewing. There was no detail left out. The service was wonderful--check in, concierge (Adam was great), the the towels workers at the pool were all accomadating.We LOVED the bar that had the water fall and shows every half hour---fabulous and then on to dinner at Daniel Boulud's. I had the the most amazing escargot ever and the burger stuffed with foie gras and short ribs. My husband said it was the best sea bass he ever had.The only complaint I had was an extra $30 a day charge for the gym. There was no one in there either. Also go to the pool early because the sun goes behind the Palazzeo Hotel around 2. All in all, though, it was a great experience and we would definately stay there again.	
Nov 10 2009 	top-notch with some issues	My wife and I had a mixed business/leisure trip to Vegas and we stayed here on the leisure half of the trip. We were quite impressed by The Wynn. Overall it was an excellent experience, with a couple faults. I give The Wynn 4 stars because of smoke and noise.Most areas (outside of room and restaurants) are filled with cigarette smoke. Fortunately past guests actually obeyed the non-smoking room policy, but the hallways--and especially--the casino floor are borderline unbearable. Even the pool had more than enough people lounging around and smoking to make it unpleasant to walk around and enjoy this otherwise magnificent resort.Secondly, our room was quite noisy. Not noisy neighbors, but outside noise. We were able to get a corner room (they were out of regular king rooms when we checked in) on a mid-floor (18th) but it was very noisy due to the Encore's outdoor nightclub. Ironically the noise is an issue because of the magnificent floor to ceiling windows. Since we had a corner room, we had two full walls of windows. I called down to the front desk around 1:30am and they brought up a couple pairs of ear plugs (no charge), so that was nice. The earplugs dulled the noise enough to get some sleep. We stayed Saturday night only so I would expect that mid-week you wouldn't get the noise issue quite so bad.Otherwise our room was exceptionally nice. Very roomy (not sure if the corner rooms are bigger or not), bed was firm and comfortable, bathroom was spacious with large soaking tub and shower (with very powerful showhead). Room was very clean throughout and front desk was very responsive. In-room snacks and mini-fridge had a system that automatically detected if an item has been removed, so these rooms are not good if you've gotta bring your kid(s) with you. Kids are pretty much discouraged all around the resort anyway.We went to the Terrace Pointe Café for a late afternoon snack of seafood salad and a bottle of bubbly. We initially ordered the Roederer but after a few minutes our server came back and said they were out. He initially suggested the half bottle of Perrier-Jouet Fleur since it was a similar price point to the full bottle Roederer (this was actually very nice of him since most other servers would've just suggested the next full bottle). Since we wanted a full bottle we went ahead and just got the full Perrier-Jouet--why not, we're in Vegas, right? So he came back a few minutes later, embarrased, and explained that they were also out of the Perrier-Jouet. He asked if we could wait a few minutes so they could find a bottle somewhere else on-property. No problem, we weren't really in a hurry. Seafood salad was very good, loaded with lobster, crab, and shrimp--a perfect balance of all three. Restaurant decor was nice and the rest of the staff were friendly and helpful.At night, we went to see Le Rêve. The show was amazing and the showroom was equally nice. It's a big circular showroom so literally not a bad seat in the house.We also signed up for the player's club. The line was really long and took about 10 minutes. Staff person we dealt with was friendly and efficient. We got a $10 match play on slots each so it was worth it (although we gave it all back and then some).The casino floor was busy all day and night. We went over to the Encore to meet up with some friends after the show. There were hundreds of people waiting in line to get into the nightclub between the two resorts--we would later realize that this was where all the noise was coming from.Lots of high-end shopping is available on the main floor and in the hallway linking the Wynn with the Encore; including a Ferrari/Maserati dealership (I'm too cheap to pay an admission just to look at some cars), Cartier, Dior, Louis Vuitton, etc.There is a cool light show in the reflecting pool (Lake of Dreams) right in front of the Parasol Down bar. Pretty neat show and cool bars to hang out and be seen.Self-parking garage is on the other side of the casino floor as hotel registration so you have to drag your stuff a fair distance upon check-in. Upside is that self-parking is very close to resort elevators so you don't have far to go when leaving.Overall this is the nicest hotel we've stayed at in Vegas, this is definitely the place to be at the current moment in time. Even though the smoke and noise were pretty bad, I would still recommend it because everything else is top-notch.	
Nov 10 2009 	Unbelievable! Worth every penny!	We've stayed at other 5 star hotels and none of them even come close to the Wynn Hotel. Service was outstanding. Everyone really cared about your comfort and concerns. They were willing to drop what they were doing to get whatever you wanted whenever you wanted it. The Casino wasn't loud like other hotels, which made your stay that much more enjoyable. Who needs all the ringing and clanging going on constantly anyway? The whole setup of the hotel made it easy to find anything you wanted. The self park garage was close to the elevators which made for easy access to enter and exit the hotel with ease. The garage set up was amazing and parking was a breeze. The music wasn't loud and trashy like other hotels. The pool was a dream. The rooms were mind boggling with a gorgeous glass enclosed shower and separate bath, two sinks and a vanity with a seat, and a separate toilet room. There were even nightlights beneath the sinks for night time use without turning on bright lights. We loved it so much we didn't want to leave.	
Nov 10 2009 	Average	Just a couple of things about the Wynn. They are very inconsistant about you having to show your id with your room key or red card. Sign up for the red card and you recieve 2 free buffets when you get to 400 points on your card which is easy to do. I thought the hotel was nice but didn't think it was extraordinary. The buffett price jumps on the weekends so watch for that. Also if you are taking taxi from airport make sure they go down paradise road and not take the highway. Got taken for $30 ride to hotel vs. $15 back to airport. Also don't feel dumb when you have to cart your luggage through the casino to get to the elevators, everyone does it and you will see lots of people with luggage. Overall the staff was friendly and we enjoyed our stay. Liked that the mall was across the street.	
Nov 10 2009 	best hotel!!!!!	HI we stayed fron nov 3 till nov 6. I booked a great deal for excutive suite.when we arrived at 4 pm they told us that our and friends room´s weren´t ready. i told them we where so tired they upgrded to a parlor suite!!!!!!!!!!!!!oh my God!! the suite was amazing... so big.. a bathroom as you go in, then a bar.. a living room with huge plasma.. our room was the best!! and the bathroom was huge a bathtube, shower 2 sinks and a table for makeup.. a walking closet!!!i have all but great things to sayed about the wynn. the satff is very friendly the hotel smell amazing.!!! we saw LE REVE show it was super liked more than KA... We took the lomo drive around the hotels and was nice...any question glad to help!!!	
Nov 9 2009 	Absolutely Fabulous	I love this hotel,it's the nicest hotel I have ever stayed in.It was spotlessly clean the service was excellent the food was the best i'd ever tasted. I could have spent the whole week just in the wynn and the encore was just as nice if not nicer we ate in the society cafe there and it was delicious. We had a bargain of a deal and then upgraeded to a panoramic view so we where on the 57th floor, the decor of the room wasn't quite to my taste but the bathroom was great and the bed was so comfy I wanted to buy one and ship it back to wales, I did price it and it would have cost $3,000 a litle out of my price range!!We paid around $20 for a buffet breakfast in the hotel and it was well worth the money it had everything you could think of at the best standard.... I would recommend this hotel to everyone. It's at the bottom end of the strip slightly out of way but worth the walk or taxi ride. And it was definitly worth going to freemont street to see the old part of vegas the drinks were much cheaper and you could find $2 &amp; $5 black jack tables to if you don't want to gamble lots of money.	
Nov 8 2009 	Great Hotel contemporary standard but not exceptional	I enjoy the Wynn Las Vegas, I really do. Everything is up to the expectations, but certainly not over them. I won´t bore you with the details of what seems right, except for the privilege of free self-parking, a welcome and long forgotten departure from the ripoff usually encountered in hotel parking. So everything was alright, the room nice and spacious, but still, a number of features got me wondering. The light switches for example: For a hundred years, everything America has to offer on the light switch department appears to be the standard rectangular, white plastic switch that looks both cheap and dirty at the same time. A quick look to Europe will show artistic masterpieces of technical and light design, featuring electronic light switches in a design that is both contemporary and functional and blends in with the interior. The Wynn just decided to go with the plain olde switch. Like I said, OK, but nothing that outlives your expectations. Then: There is a tiny LCD television set mounted on the bathroom wall. Mind you, on the bathroom wall rather than within or behind a mirror. Apart from never having used it, there was a considerate amount of dust on the screen frame that you had to look at right while brushing your teeth. I´d rather have no TV set in the bathroom than a hastily arranged, poorly maintained dustcatcher. On the pool side, I have to mention that the water temperature is just right. On the downside, the surrounding buildings throw shadows rather quickly, so you´re in luck if you catch an hour of sunlight a day this time of year. Oh, and there is definitely a shortage of poolside space. Having said that, I really did like the Cabanas. I cant really comment on the food, I was disappointed by the Pizza Place that is supposed to offer casual dining, but really is more like a takeaway place (I dont think they served food there). The other eateries might be fine with the cuisine, but if you´d just like to have breakfast, you´re out of luck: a shady corner cafe offers a small selection at overpriced rates that you have to queue in line for, and another establishment entitled &quot;the buffet&quot; appears grimly abandoned only to find out they dont serve breakfast until 8:30. Great for that 9:00 AM flight out! So all in all, I guess the Wynn can make for a great stay if you do get a great rate, but now way on earth would I pay more than 200 USD a night for a room given the minor, but existent flaws I just pointed out. Oh, and on a personal message to Steve Wynn: Wake up, it´s 2010 almost, and we´re tired of paying $15 bucks a day for WiFi access. Throw it in, and we´re all happy. It would even leave us $15 bucks more motivated to blow our money on your casino floors.	
Nov 8 2009 	Wonderful Stay!	We went to Vegas for the first time from 10/29 to 11/3 to celebrate our 14th wedding anniversary. After endless research and help from trip advisor forum friends, we chose the Wynn. We were not disappointed. We arrived that evening around 9:00 PM. No wait to check-in. I reserved a Resort Room. We were in room 3131 with a strip view and mountain/desert view. WOW, what a view. A.nd since we were married on 10/31, I thought the room number was so cool. The bathroom was fantastic. The bathtub was so heavenly after a a day of walking. The casino was always busy, but didn’t smell as smokey as others we visited on the strip. We walked over to check out the Encore, but did not like the atmosphere as much. Watching the costumes and dress of the younger crowd was fun since Tryst, the nightclub, was at the Wynn. The pools at the Wynn and Encore were great, but limited sun time in the afternoon which was such a bummer when I needed a day of rest. We rented a car and thought the valet parking was efficient and fast. Already trying to plan next trip and will book again at The Wynn.	
Nov 8 2009 	Best room ever	For our anniversary, I asked if there was anything Mr. Wynn can do for us to help celebrate our special occasion. The girl at the counter started looking up information on her computer, made a phone call, and directed us through the casino to a different lobby. This lobby was for the high rollers. They put us in a beautiful multi room suite right on the fairway of the golf course and all at the regular room rate	
Nov 7 2009 	OMG What a hotel	Third time in Vegas after staying aat the Venetian and the Imperial Palace and for my husbands 30th Birthday decided to stay here.All I can say is it amazing - from arrival to departureUpon arrival we receieved an upgrade to a corner room on the 20th floor. Whaw these are great rooms. The bed is lovely, bathroom stunning although after using the mini bar twice its expensive.Ate in the hotel twice once on the Rouge bar/restaurant(????) and in the centre sports bar where the burgers are delicious and not that expensiveThe shops are out of my price range although could have done damage on my credit cardSome tips - PURE in Ceasers is brillant don't book a booth but if you want to get into any club try to get on the lists. Reps sit outside on the nights they are opened taking names and it can be pricey to get in if your don't about $110 for 2 women and 2 men. Also the Ghost bar in the Palms is good - $20 but it gives you admissionto the Playboy bar and the other bars and nightclubs in thereEat in the Cheesecake Factory - yum and Serentipity - starve yourself as the portions are huge!!!Went to Circque du soleil in the Bellagio and it is out of this world. We bought tickets there and they were $117 each but worth itIf you like shopping the outlet centre is worth it about $7.50 in a taxi but tall uggs are about 110 pounds, juicy couture tracksuits are 90pounds, coach bags 25poundsWent to Freemount street worth a visit but I wouldn't stay that long	
Nov 5 2009 	I LOVE THIS HOTEL YOU NEED TO STAY HERE!!!	I love this hotel, I have stayed at this hotel over a dozen times for both business and leisure, they always exceed my expectations!!! The view is Great, the pools are the Best, the reastraunts are the Best, the shops are Great, the night clubs are the Best, the show is Awesome, the staff treat me excellent!!! What more can I say but, STAY HERE!!!	
Nov 2 2009 	very good but definitely not flawless	+ve's:location, atmosphere, and decoration excellent. Rooms and BR very spacious and elegant. bed comfortable. The sharp LCD tv , electric curtains and double sinks a plus.A huge variety of excellent restaurants, some of which are child friendly(eg. red8).The brunch buffet is out of this world.-ve's:registration area is a disgrace , long chaotic lines, unorganized and staff trying to help made it worse. the same for bell desk and concierge. they have 1000s of staff but cheeped out on this, which is the first impression !bathroom has no vent/fan. and room has no coffee maker.you hear some noise at night no matter how high you are.you can't tell the time in the room, only one tiny dark alarm clock.Overall a very good hotel, but not the best, especially for the price. Make sure you check their restaurants though even if you don't stay there.	
Oct 31 2009 	Great hotel - but a bit expensive	We stayed four nights. We had a room on the 58th floor facing the gold course behind the hotel. The view was incredible. Sunrise and view of mountains was beautiful. The hotel pool was nice and not too crowded. Everything is a bit expensive but I guess that is par for the course in Vegas.	
Oct 31 2009 	Wynn Nice BUT ROOM CHARGES are rediculous!	We are both well travelled couple and this is our first time at the Wynn! From the Ritz to Four Seasons to your typical 3 ot 4 stars hotel - we found Wynn a little overrated and over the top on charges. Staying in a luxury hotel your expected to pay a little extra more money for convenience....but a can of soda for $5 which typically cost $.27 (cents), 1 ltr Bottle water at $8 which typically cost you $1.79. To top it all, we got a dessert from one of the restuarants in the hotel and decided to call the staff to bring us a set of 2 plates and utentsils and the they said it will cost us $5 each setting plus taxes and service charges. I THINK THATS A LITTLE TOO MUCH. Times are tough but this seem a little toooooo much. We have never ever felt this way with other luxury hotels that every little thing you do in this hotel you have to pay 10X more the normal price. The Bed, The Room Size, the maid service is good. The bathroom needs repairing, the glass wall is dirty, the carpet needs cleaning, the workout room is $30 a day, the spa is overly priced and not as great compared to other spas around the area, the interent is $14 a day, Coffee is $14 (4cup carafe), the restuarant some are good and others are a little overrated.Is it worth staying at this hotel? NOT AT ALL! Its for people who wants to be seen and dont care about the comfort. But if you are going for a real - i mean real luxury hotel you need to find a hotel that actually caters to YOUR CONVENIENCE AND COMFORT and not charge you for every little thing you do. You alrealy paid top dollar for the place - give your customer a peace of mind of not getting charged everytime they breath. YOU DONT WIN AT THE WYNN! IT COST YOU MORE.	
Oct 30 2009 	Fantastic hotel	Great hotel, great location. Only complaint is that they make a $30 charge for using the fitness room which I expected to be included in the price.	
Oct 29 2009 	Great Las Vegas Resort Hotel	My wife and I have stayed at most all the hotels/resorts on the Strip. The Wynn is definitely in the highest tier of Las Vegas options and is a wonderful, relaxing, and beautiful place from which to enjoy the city. The hotel, restaurants, and casino are all impeccably clean and tidy. The rooms a HUGE and have great views. The beds are some of the most comfortable in the city and the sheets/towels are soft, plush, can wonderful. The staff are very helpful and friendly, knowledgable, and go out of their way to make your stay more comfortable.	
Oct 26 2009 	Great hotel but it does have it's flaws.	I have stayed at the Wynn about 10 times and it's still my fave hotel in Vegas. The comps aren't nearly as good as the Palazzo (part of the Venetian), but the beds are a hell of a lot more comfortable. I usually bring my own bed sheets, but the ones at the Wynn are pretty soft, so it's nice not having to do that. I love the whimsical decor, it's very refreshing. Usually I find that nicer hotels are decorated to please the over 60 crowd. The Wynn manages to create a nice upscale environment that doesn't alienate young people. THE CASINO: The elevator style music kind of sucks, but I love the casino and the dealers here are the best because they are friendly, entertaining and helpful. They always remember us and they just make the gambling experience better than other places. However, I wish the ventilation was better, because it can be very smokey, due to the low ceilings. For the life of me I can not understand why Steve doesn't put a non smoking room in the casino. I know they have non smoking tables, but they're about as effective as a non-peeing section in a pool. Gambling is supposed to be fun, if it's so stressful that you have to smoke then why gamble in the first place? Oh God, and don't get me started on those dreadful cigars! THE SPA: I love the spa here, but the one at Encore is even better. I have had the best massages of my life here. Skip the Hot Stone massage though, it was pretty lame. I've tried to get massages elsewhere, but they all pale in comparison. Even the spa at St Regis in Newport was a joke after being at the Wynn and Encore spas. I love lounging around and sipping tea with my friends after a night of gambling. RESTAURANTS: For the most part, they are very overpriced and the food is terrible. I have been to Okada (Teppan sucked and the sushi was decent), Red 8, SW, and Wing Lei. I've also been to Wazuzu at Encore. I didn't have a noteworthy meal at any of them and some were downright gross. If you want great sushi, head over to Nobu at Hardrock (I know, it's a gross hotel, but Nobu is delish). Terrace Pointe Cafe is pretty good for grabbing a snack.ROOM SERVICE: My fave items are the kids Grilled Cheese, the Lobster Benedict, and the Fruit plate with yogurt. I'm not a fan of the chicken soup.The pool is wonderful and I like that there is a separate adult pool, but I'm afraid to actually go in it because I'm a germaphobe and I'd feel like I was taking a bath with people who probably have STDs. It's nice to lounge around though (not during summer monhes, too hot). Ladies, be careful if you sunbathe topless. Last time my friend did this, we caught some perverts with a full size professional camera snapping pics of her. We called security and they handled it well. They had to call a specialist down to come and delete the photos. I love the Wynn (Encore, not so much) and some of the best moments of my life have happened here.	
Oct 25 2009 	Breathtaking property	After spending out first evening in Vegas in the MGM Grand we were hopeful that our next two evenings would be a little more luxurious and we weren't disappointed. Upon arrival at the Wynn we were checked in quickly and although early were escorted to our Tower Suite entrance. Whether you've stayed 5 star before or not this property is absolutely amazing and spotless. Our daily strolls found us checking out other beautiful hotels and restaurants but our room in the tower suite was way above our expectations. Spacious, fine linens, clean, well appointed rooms were what we found. More than sufficient room to settle in and feeling like being spoiled is exactly how I would summarize our stay. His &amp; her bath were gorgeous and non-smoky hallways, quick elevators and easy to find casino drinks are just a few or our raves for this hotel. Recommend afternoon drinks at the Parasol Down patio overlooking the Lake of Dreams . . .Can't wait to go back with friends! Just loved it. Check out the euro pool too!	
Oct 24 2009 	Not Bad for the Price	We stayed here for a week, got it for $200/night on Orbitz. Not a great deal, but not bad for booking it 2 days before traveling. Rooms-We got a basic room on the 30th floor, which had a great view. The room was quite nice, pretty large, with a contemporary feel. I think it lacked any specific theme however, which is usually found at a lot of the fancier hotels on the strip.The biggest problem was the noise. Even being 30 floors up, you could hear the bass from the nightclubs. As well, you could hear all the noise from the strip. As well, you could hear the noise from the rooms connected to yours.Service- pretty good, very polite and friendly staff. quick to help.Food-quiet high quality, the buffet had some decent selections. We couldn't try anything higher end since we had a 2 yr old with us who loves to walk around and play. The pizza was DELICIOUS at 'Sugar and Ice'. Room service was quite good.Overall, I would stay here again if the price was a bit cheaper. For the same price, I would prefer to stay at the Venetian. The Wynn has subtle elegance, as compared to the Venetian, which is more opulent.	
Oct 24 2009 	My Fabulous Wynn Wedding	We stayed three nights at the Wynn since we were getting married there. My review is quite long.ROOMCheck-in was a breeze; we checked in around 1:30 pm and our room was ready. We stayed in a Parlor Suite on the 58th floor facing the mountains. All I can say is WOW! This suite is huge! A powder room, wet bar w/ mini fridge, living room, 2 flat screens, an extremely comfortable bed, and the biggest bathroom I have ever seen in a hotel! We had our friends over multiple times to entertain since it can comfortably hold 8-10 people. They even brought chocolates to our room when we arrived (nice touch). The room was spotless (and i'm picky). My only complaint is that the door did not shut completely unless it was pulled forcefully. I had no problem closing the door this way, but we had numerous people coming in and out of our room (friends, Wynn staff, etc), and the door was not shut completely. I still loved the room and made sure to keep my valuables in the safe.POOLAwesome! Chairs were comfy and I had no problem getting a seat. The sun goes away after 3:30 pm, but I didn't mind since I was trying to avoid the sun before the wedding. The music that they play around the pool area is nice too.SPAI had a fusion massage the day before the wedding by Kym, which was amazing. I would definitely splurge and return when I go back to Vegas. The spa is small and intimate, which I liked.THE SALONThe day before my wedding, I had a manicure and pedicure, and it looked great. I had my hair and makeup done for my wedding day at the Salon. Marissa did my hair, which looked gorgeous! I showed her a picture of how I wanted my hair and she did it perfectly! Stephanie did my makeup, and it looked amazing. I don't usually wear makeup, but I did the airbrush, which stayed the entire day/night. It was expensive, but the end result was perfect.THE WEDDING SALONIt was fabulous. The flowers were beautiful and looked just like the pictures that I had sent to my wedding consultant. They assign you a wedding consultant who will arrange everything for you...flowers, photography, officiants, hair/makeup/spa appts, etc. The actual wedding day went off perfectly. My family and friends keep telling me how impressed they were with our ceremony. Would definitely recommend.RESTAURANTSI went to Tableau for lunch, which was good. There is outdoor seating, which was nice. I also ate at the Terrace Pointe Cafe for dinner and for breakfast...very good. Went to Society at Encore, and had delicious pancakes. My in-laws went to Stratta and said it was excellent. We had room service the morning after the wedding and it arrived quickly and the food was excellent. Also hung out at the patio overlooking the Parasols and watched the show on the lake.OVERALLThis hotel is awesome. I expected to pay alot while staying here, but the service surpassed anything I've ever encountered at the other hotels on the strip (MGM Sig, Bellagio, Venetian). I feel like I had five star treatment in the Tower Suites as well as everywhere else. I was alittle concerned because I saw mixed reviews on trip advisor before going, but I didn't experience any problems or have anything negative to say about the hotel. Yes, it's expensive, but I think there's a huge difference in the quality and attention to detail between Wynn and other casinos. I will definitely return.	
Oct 21 2009 	Great Hotel and Service Just Expect to Pay for It.	We spent a weekend at the Wynn after booking it on Hotwire for just $173/night (Saturday to Monday). While that's a great deal for a weekend stay, we were informed that the walk-up rate was $189 for Saturday and $99 for Sunday, significantly less than the Hotwire price. (works out to be $144/night). It was still a good deal.Pros: Our &quot;resort room,&quot; while the smallest room available at the Wynn, was still huge, with a king bed and a living room area, 42inch flat screen tv, and a huge bathroom (with separate water closet, soaking tub, large separate shower with bench, and dual sinks). Our room faced Las Vegas Blvd and had the best view, even if we were only on the 28th floor (elevators are separated by type of rooms and floor level, lower floors being 1-25). Good self parking that was easy to find and convenient. The pool area was gorgeous and pool staff were very attentive. Very close to Fashion Show Mall.Cons: Totally disorganized check-in, with no one main line--you have to pick a line to stand in and hope you don't get stuck behind someone with a complex reservation. Our AT&amp;T cell phones did not work well in the hotel unless we were near a window. Pool lounge chairs were hard to come by in the late afternoon after 3pm, then the sun starts to set behind another hotel's tower by 4pm--so no sunbathing after that. Everything is expensive ($6 for a soda and $10 for a mixed drink at the pool, apple crisp and hotwings for $22, banana split for $11, etc). We got charged twice for the hotel room, even when it was pre-paid.	
Oct 20 2009 	Just lovely beautiful pool great buffet	This was our first stay at Wynn, I hope not our last. My husband and I love the Venetian, but the Wynn sent us a $99 weekday rate, so how could we pass that up? (we travel to Vegas 2-3 times a year) We were on the 35th floor with a strip view. The bed faces the strip, and when you're ready to watch TV, it swings out from the wall so it's in front of you as well. The bathtub (sepetate from the shower, a BIG plus in my opinion) has a waterfall feature (instead of a faucet) so bubbles galore!! The pool is just lovely, beautiful flowers and shrubs, very comfortable chaise lounges. We always eat at the Wynn buffet, as it never disappoints. Self parking our rental car was probably the easiest hotel yet. Everyone I spoke to at the hotel was so kind, I really recommend Wynn.	
Oct 20 2009 	Beware - Credit Card Charges!!!	We decided to stay at the Wynn for our 1 week vacation. We heard good things, saw good things, and felt, &quot;Why not stay in a first class hotel.&quot;Amazing how advertisements work.Upon check in, we learn that front desk requires a credit card for check in. Standard, right? Wrong! They wanted to charge us, that is right, CHARGE us $150 a day for our 4 nights there. I calmly explained &quot;Our trip was paid in full weeks before through our travel agent.&quot;&quot;Sorry, that is our policy was their response.&quot; Not only did we not know of this issue, neither did our travel agent. Apparently, if you go onto the Wynn website itshows this, in the fine carefully laid out small print. I ask, what hotel charges a user twice for the sam eroom, when it is already paid for? I can surely understanding having the Credit Card Number for chargesmade to the room, any damages, etc... But a double pay with credit card only? I was outraged, as I do not have a credit card that open with limit.Eventually they took $300 in travelers checks, which they didn't hold, but cashed from us immediately. Upon checkout, we received our $300 back in cash.Also, I want to warn everyone of a few scams in this facility. Please read everything carefully before doing anything in the hotel.a 1-800 phone call costs $1.50, a fax is over $14, and if you remove anything from the minibar for more than 60 seconds, you might as well open it, because it is charged via a small scale underneath.Other things I did not like were the bathrooms. How does a 5 star hotel not have a fan option near the toiletries? Another area I found awkward were the stores in the Wynn. We walked into one to see how much linens there cost (we loved their pillows.) We walked in, the lady greets us, and after us telling her our pillowfondness, she replies &quot;Let's then buy them, Yah?&quot; - We walked out.All in all the experience was not very pleasant. We stayed on the &quot;QUIET&quot; side of the hotel, and had an amazing mountain view with the automaticsliding curtains. That was the only highlight at the &quot;fabulous&quot; Wynn. Next time I will stay at the Mirage, where the people are not so snooty, the staff arefriendlier, and the atmosphere is more inviting.	
Oct 19 2009 	This is the Life	This hotel is like living a dream. The pool is a giant winding beautiful area with cabana's, great waitresses and wonderful relaxing chairs. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone. The entertainment offered here is great, we saw a Cirque Soliel show, and the bars were awesome. You also never know who you'll see here; we saw several NBA players and even saw Warren Buffet and Bill Gates getting ice cream. Our stay here was the best.	
Oct 19 2009 	lovely hotel	Have just returned from staying at this lovely hotel me and my husband couldnt actualy fault this hotel got upgraded when we checked in to the 60 floor view was amazing from the chamber maids to the cocktail girls everything was just fantastic buffet was a little pricey but worth every dollar the location for us was great and walking up the strip was part of the fun while on holiday we stayed for 7 nights and wished it was longer to sum this hotel up fantastic steve wynn might see you next year	
Oct 18 2009 	Over priced and too far out !	My husband and I have just returned from our first stay 2 week at the Wynn Hotel Las Vegas. Having been to Vegas many times previously we have tried out all the other 5* hotels so we decided, after a look around last year, that the Wynn would be this year's choice.Check in was quite easy and the staff were very accommodating in locating us on the 5th floor.I do not use elevators. The room itself, whilst very spacious was extremely noisy - there was a constant humming from either a fan or faulty air conditioning so the following morning we moved to the 6th floor. Much improved. I was dismayed to learn ( from a gambling viewpoint) that the Wynn is not affiliated to any other hotel except the nearby Encore and so the club card issued can only be used in the 2 hotels to accrue comp. points via the slots or tables. Major restriction. If you want to earn comps. you are obliged to gamble there. Other hotel cards offer a far greater choice of casinos in which to gamble so as to add points to your players card and thereby get discounts off room charges. When we paid our final Wynn bill our comps were very poor compared to discounts we have received from other hotels for gambling the same amount of money.The cost of the buffet, general prices in the food hall, were, I felt, quite inflated and although the quality of food on offer was good, other hotels provide the same choice etc far more cheaply. Unlike the Bellagio, there was no turn down service, chocolates or piped music coming through to greet you after a hard day at the pool. I really missed that little extra. Sun worshippers be aware that the sun is only visible between the hours of 9am (pool opening time) and 3pm generally speaking. You can spend another 30 minutes trying to catch the last rays by moving from pool to pool in an effort to chase it but the Wynn pool is not the place to be if you want all day sunshine. The sunbeds are however, to its credit, the most comfortable ever. The hotel charges for umbrella use too.. Lots of available sunbeds but no free umbrellas.We were going to try a cabana but the small size of them and the daily high price was very off putting. The Wynn is also much further out of the Strip action than I had anticipated so if you don't like walking, queuing for buses, or are not prepared to stand up in the over crowded public transport, then take a taxi everywhere.In conclusion I would say that although the staff were great for the most part, the decor very fresh and new, the overall style quite elegant ,the Wynn is, in my humble opinion, over hyped and over priced. Having stayed at the Bellagio in its hey day I was expecting even greater luxury here and I was disappointed. The Wynn came up light.	
Oct 17 2009 	Very Nice Hotel but ... a ripoff	Just returned from staying 4 nights with my wife. No question about it, everything is new in the hotel, very nicely done by Wynn Resorts, the pool area and lobby are beautiful. The buffet is absolutely excellent !!! However, it is a rip, they have sensors on the items in the fridge and for the snacks above the fridge, if a guest so much as picks it up for more than 60 seconds you are charged for it, absolutely ridiculous, never heard of such a thing. I called the front desk when I found out that I had been charged for items I did not open or consume, I had just looked at them, the front desk woman said she'd reverse the charge, but come on, what a joke !! Also, their are 2 pools, very nice, one for adults only, it's referred to as &quot;The European Pool&quot;, a sign says no one under 21 admitted, topless sunbathing permitted, photography not permitted. I saw several young guys with cameras taking photos, but there were only maybe 2 out of 60 women that were topless, not sure why women would go to this pool and not take off their tops ?? It amazes me how American women are uptight about going topless, but will get every inch of their bodies tattoed, really odd to say the least. One last point, the hotel is a bit far from the central point of the strip, next time we go we'll stay at Ceasar's or The Mirage.	
Oct 17 2009 	The rooms here rock -- weekdays are a steal	This was our second time staying at the Wynn. The sleek, spacious room did not disappoint once again. We got an AMAZING deal for weekday stays (two nights for $99, two nights free), so we cannot complain at all. Tryst the night club is way cool. Ask the concierge for a comp entry pass and be ready to pay $15 for a drink (plus tip). Le Reve the show was pretty good -- not Cirque de Soleil enough for me. The Terrace Cafe restaurant is really great for brunch or lunch by the pool. We eat there every time we're in Vegas. The only big disappointment at the Wynn continues to be poolside service. The pool is awesome but the waitresses are useless. It takes an average of 30-45 minutes for anyone to come by -- and they don't even ask if you want something -- you have to say &quot;excuse me&quot; so the girls will stop and serve you.	
Oct 16 2009 	You don't want to leave	A fantastic resort that has everythingWe chose a room with a golf course view instead of the strip and it was magic. The 29th floor, no noise just a perfect view.Great place to R and R as well as enjoy the numerous restaurants and gambling if you wishLocation is perfect as are all the amenities on siteWe had a $75 credit voucher through Expedia which was terrific for ordering food.	
Oct 15 2009 	Awesome Wedding Experience at Wynn Las Vegas	If anyone is wondering where to go married, you'd do well to consider the wedding packages at the Wynn. Just got back from my wedding weekend in Vegas and I can honestly say every single detail was taken care of to perfection. The entire event was so simple to plan from start to finish. You're appointed a designated wedding coordinator from the start and they'll ask you every question that needs to be asked and take care of every detail, from the music, to the flowers, to photography. Frankly, I didn't want to plan much of anything, and the wedding coordinator was so good about taking the lead and checking back with me when necessary. I really can't stress enough how un-stressful it was!The ceremony/event itself was beautiful. The wedding salons at the Wynn are elegant, well-kept up and very plush. A very romantic setting, and the courtyard outside is especially beautiful. We had a very short ceremony (just what I wanted, very happy that the reverend didn't pressure us at all into a longer, sappier ceremony, he did exactly what we requested), followed by a lovely champagne toast in the courtyard. The coordinator and the photographer perfectly combined photos with the toast so we could mingle with guests while still taking care of the obligatory group photo shots. And the price was so reasonable! Cheapest 5-star wedding around, especially considering that literally every detail was taken care of. We selected the &quot;petite&quot; package which came with everything we needed. It was so affordable we threw in the toast and then followed it with a 4-course dinner at Daniel Boulud. Just can't say enough about the experience. If you go, ask for Rebecca Salvo for your coordinator- she was outstanding from start to finish.	
Oct 15 2009 	one of the best hotels i have stayed in. and i have stayed in quite a few	iI took my partner to las vegas as a surprise. after watching the film hangover, i stayed in the hotel 3 years before and loved it, I could not find one fault with the Wynn, rooms, pool, food service, cleanliness, it has everything, we are not gamblers but had a little flutter. I can understand why people get addicted. Went to Cher concert was fab. also did majestic helicopter over Grand canyon. its a must the later in the evening is the best time to fly up the strip. i cant say enough about Las Vegas. Will return one day hopefully. If someone gives me a big surprise!!	
Oct 14 2009 	Five Star Hotel Three Star Price -- Noisey on The Weekends	This was the second time that we had been to Wynn in the past two years. The hotel refinement is still &quot;Five Star&quot; and with the current room rates we paid almost 50% less than we did in February 2008. After reading several trip advisor reviews prior to making the reservation I was somewhat concerned that the hotel had changed for the worse. My concerns were not realized with exception to the &quot;club noise&quot; noted in several of the reviews. Please be advised that on Friday and Saturday Nights you can hear the &quot;bass&quot; from the XS or Tryst Nightclubs. Apparently the XS club overflows on to the pool deck, therefore you could hear the noise until 4 am and could only be drowned out by having the TV on! We were on the 19th floor and the XS nightclub was on the back side, so I do not know if being on a higher floor would make a difference.	
Oct 14 2009 	First class all the way	We spent four nights in a Salon Suite (with additional connecting bedroom) at the Wynn recently. For us, the hotel definitely lived up to it's five star/five diamond rating. It was very elegant and beautifully designed, with lots of attention to detail. The service was excellent. After our first encounters with different staff, they called us by name for the remainder of our stay, a nice personal touch. Lots of different options for dining. We didn't gamble but the casino looked beautiful.If ever traveling to Las Vegas again, we would definitely consider the Wynn again.	
Oct 13 2009 	Luxurious and they make sure you know it.	The hotel was beautifully appointed from the luggage carts to the bathrooms. Everything is expensive from the drinks to the cabana rental to the minimum bets and the high end shops on the Esplanade. If you want to be pampered and feel like a VIP - go to the Wynn. Don't forget to put a reservation in at one of the gourmet restaurants and put your name on a list for one of the clubs - you may have to demand that you did place your name and be ready to pull out your confirmation email on your i phone. Have fun.	
Oct 12 2009 	Beautiful rooms great shopping attentive staff	Stay in the Tower Suites, it is like a different hotel in the Wynn Hotel. They even have a separate entrance. You have a different pool deck &amp; it's more of an upscale hotel than a casino hotel. The smoke is not as bad also in the Tower Suites.	
Oct 12 2009 	All in all an incredible experience	Where to start! Beautiful hotel: elegant, clean, attentive staff. They serviced the room once a day, with another turn-down service in the evening. Well-placed towards the North of the Strip (easy walking distance to the other hotels / attractions). Great choice of restaurants in the hotel (all nationalities) and others nearby. Concierge service will help you get anything you want (i.e. dinner reservations, show tickets, outlets, general info) and the swimming pools had cooling mist spraying over the sunbeds. Minimum bet at the casino table was pricey but plenty of slots available. All in all an incredible experience.	
Oct 10 2009	We got married here...these are the things I wish I knew beforehand.	I have been going to Vegas a couple of times a year for years. I always knew when I get married it would be in Vegas..but with style. My husband and I worked for months and even skipped honeymoon so we can have a grand wedding at the WYNN!!! We got married at the Lavender Salon, reception at Daniel Boulud and even had an all-day pool party next day which was also my birthday. 50 of my close friends and family came and most of us stayed at the Wynn for several nights, ate, gambled and drank there for days. In order to remain objective, I will break down some of my disappointments:1. They said we HAVE to use their florist and photographer, if we went outside, they would charge us $750 just for using someone outside of their hotel. After $1000 in flowers and $4000 in pictures; we got a single center piece (which we had to ask to keep the flowers after the wedding and return the vase because it is apparently a rental) and a few rose pedals on the aisle (less than 200 to be exact). We also could not get into ANY of the retaurants for background pictures, we ended up taking pictures in front of closed gates and commercial shops and random hallways. We then got a CD which only contained 150 images for $3000 dollars!! The photographer was wonderful but for a $1000 fee which included &quot;resort fee&quot;, it was a lot of walking and not a lot of &quot;resort&quot; pictures with NO access to their &quot;resorts&quot;, irony?2. I do not eat meat, I wanted to use the pre-fix menu at the Daniel Boulud for my 50 guests. They said because it was a large party, we could only get one choice of entree (steak OR salmon) in order to keep it simple. This would have made sense except that the retaurant was open and fully operating and if you sat outside of the walls, you could get the same menu with 4 entree choices. After begging and fighting, they gave us choice of 2 entrees and I was told I would not have to eat meat for the first time on my wedding day. Gee...thanks.3. Our pool party was on Monday, which was relatively slow and many of the cabanas were being unused. However, they still charged us a cabana fee and did not check guest list very closely. For example, if you knew our last name and room number, you could order food and drinks from our room and the staff did not verify identity or ask permission. At the time of check out, we were suprised to find out that we had 7 separate bills totalling up to several thousand dollars which we did NOT authorize and had no way of knowing who and how they got ordered. In order to not miss our flight back home, we had to pay.4. We asked for one additional hour of extension at check out so we would not have to carry our wedding dress, gifts and baggages around the hotel before we left. After spending a large sum of money, complying to all their rules and restrictions (didn't have much of a choice), and bringing over 50 guests that each spent thousands of dollars, and NO upgrade, NO comps...we were told that it could not be done. So I sat in the front lobby for an hour instead of enjoying my last hour at the wonderful Wynn.5. My friends gambled for several hours, the pitboss offered them free buffett, tickets to the show etc...however, after spending 3-4 months of salary at the Wynn hotel, we did not get even a great customer service...which is priceless. I could go on, but suffice to say, what a disappointment. What would it have been to them to give us a free buffet or an extra hour of check out...or just be accomodating and be nice? All of my friends agreed that in terms of getting married and endorsing the hotel for 4-day wedding weekend...the Wynn is a losing bet. I tried to post this at Expedia where we booked out trip but it was not posted. But this is a true story and I would not want my friends or family to go through same experience where you are nickeled and dimed on your special day. In the meantime, we are still paying off our unauthorized charges to the room.	
Oct 10 2009 	5 star and you pay for it	Great Hotel, very comfortable, spacious rooms, good service BUT be careful when you choose which hotel to stay in Vegas, because you will pay and gamble at their ratesFor example, the Wynn is more expensive to gamble in than other hotels. E.g. min Blackjack $15, then up to $25 from Thurs - Sat. compared to $10 at the Bellagio. The hotel is set up for high rollers, or those who have the cash to play for a while at those rates.The Pool : I just stayed in early October and was disappointed to find that the sun was blocked by the hotel tower from 3pm and shadowed the pool, and they wouldn't open the pool before 9am. This also meant people went into the casino earlier than planned and spent more! food and drink v.good quality - you won't be disappointed here.	
Oct 10 2009 	Wonderful value with the free $75.00 resort credit	We arrived early and they wanted $25.00 more for early check-in. We choose to check our bags in with the bell hop after changing into shorts (in the bathroom) instead of checking in early. We ended up at Mandalay Bay for their buffet (that was very good) and stayed on that end of the strip until after midnight. Didn't check in until 1 AM. The room was very clean and maid service was awesome. Our maid even lined up our shoes. We received $75.00 resort credit and used it at the eateries in the hotel. We could have used it at their new establishment, the Encore as well. We bought a package deal with air and room; the breakdown price of the room was about $109 and we stayed 3 nights. So, with the $75.00 credit, the room was only about $80.00 a night. The bedding (pillows and blankets) were ultra comfy. There were multiple swimming pools with an adult area where you may sunbath in the nude. Our room had a view of the golf course and the swimming pool at the Encore. We checked out the area, but didn't have time to actually use the pool. The casino was pretty quiet as it was up and down the strip due to the economy. The restaurants and cafes at the Wynn had a good selection of food and prices were moderately priced with a couple of higher end restaurants. Wynn even granted us a late checkout (one extra hour) which was really nice since our pickup for the airport wasn't until 2:30 pm. Checkout took awhile as there were long lines. I would definitely consider staying here again (especially if a resort credit was offered).	
Oct 10 2009 	Never ever stay here...	If you get a show ticket and the concierge tell you that they are great seats, DO NOT believe them. They have sold us Barry Menlow tickets with a title of great show and great seats...After 15 minutes we had to leave the show, the chairs at the Hilton Vegas were old and dirty, the theater smelled and my seat was next to the sound boot...yuk. Wynn never returned our money, our last night with my husband was ruined and they they lied to our credit card company...	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Hotel but VERY Expensive	Wynn is an awesome property... it's clean, elegant, luxurious, beautiful. The lobby areas and bars are welcoming and relaxing. The pools are tranquil. The room is spacious and plush. The staff and service are first rate. There was no detail left out. BUT... the restaurants are way, way overpriced and the food is just good. You would expect the food to be awesome at those prices. The casino is very smokey; we gambled at the Encore - the ventilation is much better there.	
Oct 9 2009 	OH. MY. GOD! AMAZING!	My partner and I stayed on the 57th Floor of the Tower Suites for 3 nights in September and the best words I have been able to come up with to describe the experience is 'Wow!' - honestly, I have not see a hotel room like it. The room (more like an apartment - somehow it seems an injustice to call it simply a room) was beautiful and luxurious. It was simply perfect. The Wynn is not cheap but it is the best, and if you like to experience the best of what Vegas has to offer then I would highly recommend you making The Wynn your base from which to do it!The only slight negative I have to report, and this was more of a disappointment than anything else, was the meal we had at the supposedly Michelin starred restaurant of Daniel Boulud. To be honest, it wasn't good. It's not too difficult to cook a steak correctly, and in such a quality restaurant I did not expect for my medium steak to be burnt on the outside (it was sealed in a pan for far too long). My partners scallops were not quite as good as they should have been either. For the prices you pay, and for the sheer opulence of the surroundings and the claims made by the hotel regarding their restaurant, the meal should have been better and the service should have been better.The food at Red8 however was fantastic!! This was the best restaurant we ate in, hence our multiple visits. The food was faultless in my opinion, and the service was warm and welcoming.To sum my review up, if you go to The Wynn I fail to see how you could be disappointed because it's excellent.	
Oct 9 2009 	high end hotel	Wynn were our vegas hotel, and in that manner he was almost perfect. although it is located in the end of the strip, it is really the best hotel (second only to the encore).starting from the earlly check in (7:00 am) that was offered to us, the amazing golf course, the highend shops it consist, the red club (casino), the amazing room with all of it's gudgets (although it is highlly recomended to visit the encore suits rooms), the great concierge offered to the guests and more.all of this and more in only 109 usd per night (after coupon we got from a prior family guests).the only incident that we suffered from was unlate check out due to computer problem in that day.	
Oct 9 2009	I only want to stay here when I go back	This hotel is the best of the best. We stayed on the 56th floor with a floor to ceiling window overlooking the golf course. The sunrise in the morning was majestic. This hotel room was worth every penny.	
Oct 8 2009 	Very friendly staff accomodations were exqisite	Wonderful hotel. All staff members were very friendly and helped us with our every need. We traveled with an infant and received a lot of help handling the bags and getting a crib. They even included a baby travel bag with shampoo, lotion and a little duck. My parents were there at the same time so the hotel was happy to place us on the same floor. Excellent views from both the golf course and strip sides of the hotel. The amenities and restaurants were wonderful. The location was great for my wife's conference at the Sands Expo center across the street. We spent a lot of time at the Venetian walking around, too.	
Oct 8 2009 	Amazing Stay	I stayed for 7 nights at the Wynn in October 2009. Had a room with floor to ceiling windows and automatic shades on the 57th floor. It was a breathtaking view. The room is larger than the standard size, and the amenities were all I expect of a five star hotel. Beautifully appointed, excellent linens, a spacious bathroom with a vanity and roman tub that filled incredibly fast. There is a huge mirror in the entry hall that allows you to prepare every day and the service was incredible. Check in was seamless, the houskeeping staff was attentive and room service was top notch. I have no gripes about the room or the property. My only complaints are minor - I didn't like the idea of paying $30 a day to use the gym (no discounts for guests). I wasn't thrilled with paying $13 a day for wireless internet either. The only thing that irked me was that the servibar and refrigerator were equipped with weight sensors - if you lift any item more than 60 seconds you were charged on your bill. The idea of a five star property doing this to their guests struck me as tacky. For what I'm paying a night - you don't need to install sensors on the water bottles. Dining was not cheap - but quite delicious. This has to be the single nicest room I've ever stayed in while in Las Vegas.	
Oct 8 2009 	The Wynn- Comfortable beds and convenient to shopping!	The Wynn Hotel was a great choice. We stayed in a Resort Room, but surprisingly had a beautiful view of the mountains and strip anyways. The room was very clean and was a very good size for two people. The bathroom was very large with a shower and separate bathtub. The toilet had it's own room in the bathroom which was nice. The beds were really comfortable also. The room had an iHOME as the alarm clock which is convenient for people who has an iPHONE.The Wynn Casino was a nice place to gamble also. They had a large variety of slot machines and video poker machines that ranged from 1 cent to $5 plays. They also had a good range of tables with minimums of $5-$1000. The Wynn Pools were very quiet and relaxing. We only had the chance to use the pool facilities on our last day so we only got to use the sun loungers for a hour or so....but would definitely try to plan for more time the next time we stay there.The Wynn buffet was really good. This from a person who doesn't normally like buffets in general. The reason we went was because I won a free voucher for a buffet from the casino players card. And I am glad we had the chance to try it. I would definitely recommend this buffet, the crab legs are HUGE and really good, the prime rib was cooked perfectly, not like many other buffets which usually have overcooked meat. The buffet had a large selection of foods from made to order pasta, wood-fired oven pizza, and oh...the desserts were amazing from the crepes to the gelato...definitely should go check out this buffet. We went during dinner on a Sunday and it wasn't very crowded.Location...location for shoppers...the Fashion mall is right across the street from the entrance of the hotel. So if you are a shopper, this hotel is great too. Overall, I would definitely stay at the Wynn again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice place to stay	We stayed at one of those lest expensive rooms. Still it was roomy, 700 square feet or so. And the view is awesome, we chose a room facing the golf course (the opposite side from Strip) and the fall.The swimming pool was nice but a little bit crowded.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Hotel	We stayed at Wynn hotel is we had a great time...I loved the beds ...the only down is the food and drinks are so expensive...	
Oct 8 2009 	Gorgeous	When we arrived at the Wynn, I could not believe how large and beautiful it truly was. The check-in area is in a room by itself with a greeter posted right inside the double door entrance. You then move on to the check-in lines and are asked if you would like to upgrade (I guess if extra rooms are available)). We were able to upgrade to a suite facing the strip for only $50 more per night. Of course we jumped on it. You are asked for your room key each time you approach the elevators. The rooms are gorgeous. Your name is displayed on the flat screen wall-mounted tv, as well as on the phone in the room. Very cool. Also, love the remote controlled features in the room such as the curtains and AC. We had a beautiful view of the strip. We were up very high, but had a birds eye view of it all. The only thing that was really a little 'weird' to me was the mini-bar snack area. If you lifted anything out of the snack section, even to read the package, you only had a min. of about 60 seconds to replace it or you just bough an $8 bag of M&amp;M's! What! My hubby laughed and laughed about that, relaced the $8 M&amp;M's in about 10 seconds flat, and headed across the street to the mall for snacks!! But all in all, it was wonderful/beautiful, and we will return again soon, hopefully.	
Oct 8 2009 	Gorgeous	The Wynn is a beautiful hotel that is very centrally located. Our room was both inexpensive and well appointed. We had an amazing view of the strip in the evening and large windows. The room included a coach and was well decorated. We appreciated the location and the ambiance. The only downfall is that the pool was closed due to construction.	
Oct 8 2009 	awesome hotel	This was a great hotel with nice amenities. The bathroom had dual sinks, a stand up shower, large jetted tub and a TV. The service was great and the hotel room was beautiful, great view of the strip.	
Oct 8 2009 	Buyer beware !	Prior to our trip, we read reviews of the Wynn and are we happy we did ! Two of the major points that people made was that they were given a double bed rather than a king, and that there were numerous questionable charges at check out time. It took us 45 minutes to check in because they COULD NOT get our room rate correct ! In addition, we were horrified to find that not only do they pre-authorize your credit card for the nights you are staying (including the COMPED night!) but add $150 per night for incidentals. So for our 4 nights, one of which was comped and one of which had already been paid, we were pre-authorized for over $1200. What a rip.So, be careful and make sure you are being charged the correct amount.Secondly, we got up to our room and found that although we had been told we had a king, the bed was a double. They took care of it immediately, although it moved us from the 35th floor with a nice view, to the 7th floor with a view of the roof. :(Otherwise, it was a nice experience. The hotel is grossly overdecorated and the casino was smoky but, what can you expect?	
Oct 8 2009 	Would not stay again	For a 5 star hotel, the service was lacking. There was no offer to take care of our luggage. The check-in process was painful. The line was long and each person checking in appeared to take about 15 minutes each. I have checked into many hotels in my business and leisure travel and this was about the worst. In this day and age where everything is computerized, we had to provide the check-in agent our address and then the agent could find our package deal which provided for a $75 credit. The check out process was just as bad. The agent had to look up the package again because the check-in agent did not denote the $75 credit. I tried to check out on the TV in our room but it did not show the credit, so I was forced to wait in the check out line to get the credit issue resolved. For an expensive hotel, I did not like the fact they charge you to use their fitness and spa facilities. After paying more for the room, you would expect to be able to use the hotel facilities without additional fees.	
Oct 8 2009 	Fun Weekend Get Away	We arrived late because of fligh issues, so our room was no longer available. We were then bumped to a suite with strip view at no cost. The room was Perfect! The bathroom was incredible and the bed was amazing. Book off hotwire and got a great deal $115 a night. Only down fall was the cab line at the hotel, but i guess that can be expected at all the hotels.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great hotel great restaurants cheap toilet paper lousy TV nothing is free.	The building and furnishings are great. For example, drapes are push button operated, bathroom has two vanities, great shower, and tub. Great pool. Great restaurants.Big surprise is toilet paper--it is the quality found in public restrooms. TV has very few channels. No movie channel. $12.99 to watch regular movie, $29.99 for porno.Nothing is free--even items that one expects to be free at one star hotels. For example, local calls are $1.25 each. Use of PC with net connection is $5 for 15 minutes to stand at a kiosk, $15 if you want to sit and get hard copies. There is even a charge to use the exercise room (unless you have an appointment for a treatment in the spa). Biggest insult is their claim that they have a Ferrari showroom. They do not have a Ferrari showroom--they have a Ferrari museum. Entrance fee is $10. (Fee is waved if you can show that you own a Ferrari.) Would I return? Yes if the special room rate were still the current $169 with $75 house credit. No if the normal rate were in effect.	
Oct 8 2009 	Perfect Stay	We stayed at the Wynn in August by booking an incredible rate on Hotwire. Our room was a good size, with a huge, luxurious bathroom. We had a view of the Strip and were able to see the TI pirate show every evening while getting ready to go out. Although the Wynn is located a little farther from center strip, we still loved the location because it is right across the street from Fashion Show Mall and there are plenty of great restaurant options there. Try Strip Burger, it's delicious!We loved everything about the Wynn! They must have some special ventilation there because it was not smoky in the casino at all and there is an awesome smell throughout. The pool is so gorgeous, we had no problem finding loungers and we did not go down to the pool that early every day.We did not try any of the restaurants except the buffet as they were all pretty pricey, but I have to say, the buffet is fabulous and worth a trip.We had an excellent stay at the Wynn for our wedding anniversary and can't wait to go back!	
Oct 8 2009 	Loved the Wynn	My husband and I just returned from a weekend stay at the Wynn from Oct 2-5. We were celebrating our one year anniversary and I don't think we could have selected a better place. The Wynn is absolutely amazing! Top notch, first class! I had seriously considered the Bellagio or the Venetian when I was booking the trip, but I am so very pleased that I chose the Wynn. We checked in on a Friday and waited no more than 5 minutes. I had mentioned that it was our 1st anniversary and we were given the choice of golf course or strip view. I didn't really have a preference as this was our first time in Vegas, so we were given a strip view room at the very end of the hallway (2 of 4 walls had floor to ceiling windows). The room was spectacular and the bathroom was enormous. All of the amenities listed in previous reviews were provided. As mentioned before, everything at the Wynn comes with a pretty little pricetag, but we were celebrating and didn't mind. We spent the better part of Saturday poolside (at the European, adults only pool) and found it to be very relaxing. It was necessary to get there early, as the &quot;free&quot; seats in the sun filled up fast. (There were lillypads in and around the pool which cost $500 and $400 respectively to rent for the day). We also ate at the Wynn Buffet and Daniel Boulud - both were fantastic. I was a bit concerened about the location of Wynn being towards the northern part of the strip however, taxis were readily available and with a good pair of walking shoes, the trip up and down the strip was enjoyable! If you are thinking about heading to Vegas, go to the Wynn. You won't be disappointed! When we return, this is where we will stay!	
Oct 8 2009 	Memorable Bday	We stayed at the Wynn for 3 nights in July to celebrate my husband's 30th birthday. This was our second stay this year and we were not disappointed. As usual, the service, accommodations &amp; amenities are outstanding. We don't even think of staying anywhere else when we visit Vegas.	
Oct 7 2009 	Very nice	We have stayed at many Vegas hotels including Bellagio and found the Wynn to be the best. Arrived around noon on a Thursday and was checked in to our room in 10 minutes. The room was large and very clean. We were on the 58th floor and had a great view of the strip. The casino seemed to have far less smoke in it than the other ones we visited. The staff was friendly and helpful. The only complaint I would have was the dinner we ate at Botero (Encore) it was average and there is a dress code but many people were wearing jeans and t-shirts.	
Oct 7 2009 	Great Hotel great rooms but a lot of walking!	Arrived on a Friday evening at around 8pm and after reading reviews on here I was worried about a long check in process after a long flight. Its took 5 minutes in all and was upgraded free of charge although I thought everyone was in a resort room!. The room was on the 51st floor over looking the golf course with great views of the mountians.The room was large and had everything except a kettle, not that this was a problem. Large bathroom, large plasma TV, all very good. Compared to other hotels on the strip, the time to get from the front of the hotel to the room was minimal. As mentioned by others on this site, the hotel over looks the encore pool which at night also houses the x/s night club. Music is a slight issue with the noise even on the 51st floor on 4 days of the week. Take some ear plugs to solve the problem as it usually lasts until 4. That said the x/s night club is excellent, well worth a night out if you like nightclubs. We went down to the europen pool on the Saturday and was seriously worried at one point when it resembled Magaluf on an 18-30's convention by mid morning. The pool was standing room only and by late afternoon you would have struggled to slide your credit card into the water. It was the same on Sunday but by Monday normal service was resumed where it was more laid back and plenty of space.Loungers were at premium ie there werent any left at the weekend. Parasols are not available unless you hire the large round beds by the pool. Aparently the rooms at the side of the pool are available at $600 per day but the word 'why' springs to mind. On Saturday and Sunday a DJ is resident by the pool rendering your ipod useless. In a nut shell Sat/Sun very busy with a party atmosphere, the rest of the week more relaxed.We were given a resort credit of $75 in with the package and used this in the Wynn buffet. The seafood section is the main draw and was excellent. The rest was ok although dessert fans will think they have gone to heaven here.The casino was good but did what all casinos do ...take your money.The hotel is opposite the fashion mall and there is a handy bridge taking you over the blvd to avoid the usual game of chicken. There is a food court here which we used for a snack once and starbucks coffee just outside which was very handy. We also went to the peppermills diner which is simply a right turn out of the hotel about 400m away on the same side. This is great value with excellent food. You will pass a Wallgreens on the way which is a great place to stock up on drinks and snacks and also has a Pharmacy.One of the only problems with the Wynn is walking to other hotels at the top end of the strip. Treasure island, the Venetian and the Palazzo are close by, but the even the Ballagio is a bit of a treck especailly in sweltering heat, taxis are the way forward here. That said we did walk to the MGM but I still undergoing skin graft treatment to the soles of my feet! We checked out on the Friday morning and there wasnt a line at all, the whole process took about 1 minute..Having seen most of the hotels on the strip the Wynn has to bee one of the best, the only other in might try in furture would be the Ballagio but to be honest the whole place was pretty faultless for us. I would definately recommend staying here.	
Oct 6 2009 	Loved The Wynn	We stayed two nights at The Wynn and now we can't imagine staying anywhere else. What a fabulous place. We checked in on a Thursday morning and upgraded to a Panoramic View. Thursday the place wasn't very busy, but by Friday it was a whole new place. The pool was great, but get there early or it's hard to find a spot. We ate at SW Steakhouse and had a seat next to The Lake of Dreams. Very pricey but since it was our anniversary we didn't care. We enjoyed the mojitos at Society Cafe in the Encore. (BOGO for happy hour) We saw Le Reve and thoroughly enjoyed it. Amazing performance! Don't miss the Buffet!! Worth every penny! We loved our room, the bed was very comfy and I loved the his/her sinks! There is a full size hair dryer in the bathroom. It was hard not having a fridge, so we had to put some ice in one of the sinks to chill some champagne. The snacks had dust all over the lids, so obviously people aren't indulging in the overpriced items! If you remove an item for 60 seconds you will be charged. (we never touched a thing) We were able to listen to our ipods thanks to the ipod docking station. We told them it was our 10 yr anniversary and they didn't seem to care, I'm sure a lot of people celebrate or say they are. We will definitely stay here again. We were on the 55th floor and could still hear the club noise, so next time we might ask for the golf course view. (we asked for a quiet room, but even 55 floors up you can hear everything) My only major complaint is.. I left my bikini behind the bathroom door and after arriving home Saturday night we called the lost and found and they said they didn't have it. They said they would call us if they found it after speaking to housekeeping. Never heard a word, and I find it hard to believe at a 5 star resort that the day we check out they can't locate my bathing suit!! Beautiful place!	
Oct 6 2009 	Outstanding property	We stayed at Wynn Las Vegas from Oct 3-5 in a Resort Room. We attended a wedding in the Wynn Wedding Salon on our arrival date. We were a bit nervous about the timing as we were scheduled to arrive at the hotel around 1pm. With the wedding at 3 pm, our concern was that we would not be able to check in and change into our wedding clothes This was a non-issue. Upon arriving at the hotel, the bellman took our bags and told us they would be held until we arrived in our room. We next went to the registration desk where there was no line whatsoever. We didn't even have to ask to check in early as the friendly Wynn employee simply took our credit card and asked about our room preference. From there, another friendly employee offered to take a photo of my wife and I in front of one of the waterfalls. After leaving registration, we arrived in our room on the 34th floor. The room was absolutely beautiful - very spacious with a spectacular view of the strip. The bathroom was the nicest we have experienced in a hotel, with double sinks, seperate toilet area, nice shower with ceramic tile including seat and jacuzzi tub. The bed was very comfortable. We ended up getting our bags from the bellman very promply and made it to the wedding with plenty of time to spare. The wedding salon was almost as beautiful as the ceremony. The hotel itself is absolutely stunning. Everything is perfect and very high end. Outside there are nice walking paths, lush landscaping and a few waterfalls. The hotel location is good - right across from the Fashion Mall. We walked several times over to the Mirage, which was only about a 15 minute walk. We didn't end up eating at the hotel, however there are numerous dining selections, albeit most are very pricey.My only complaint about the hotel was that on Saturday night, I had difficulty sleeping due to the noise from the clubs below. I had read this in other reviews and was sceptical that it would be that loud, but unfortunately it was. I think the sound travels up the side of the building as part of the club is outside. My wife didn't have a problem sleeping, but I'd recommend bringing earplugs for those who sleep lightly like myself.We can't imagine staying anywhere else on the strip in the future. Just a gorgeous hotel!	
Oct 5 2009 	BLACK 17	A huge maze of a hotel, with amazing views of the strip. It has the best buffett in town where you can get just about anything to eat. The suites are bigger than an average 1 bedroom flat, and the staff are very welcoming	
Oct 5 2009 	Amazing!	This was our first trip to las vegas and we stayed in the wynn for 4 nights. The wynn has got to be the nicest hotel on the strip. I dont know if it has something to do with it being one of the newer hotels but it just seemed to be so much cleaner, stylish and modern than the other hotels (some of which were a bit dark and dingy). The restaurants and cafes are really good - especially sugar and ice! It is a must to go and see La Reve at the Wynn - it was spectacular! Even if you do not stay at the hotel go and see this show! What made it even better was that we won the show tickets with our free spin of the prize roulette table at the red card desk. I was pleased we won the tickets because the tickets for the show start at $100 each - well worth the price but i could imagine would put a lot of people off going to see it. We also won 2 free buffets that should have cost $40 each on the prize roulette table - the buffet is great as well. The hotel itself is immaculate, the bedrooms are kept spotless by housekeeping and the casino area is always being cleared of glasses and ash trays so unlike many of the other hotels the wynn's casino rarely smelt smokey. The end of the strip that the wynn is at (the top end) is the nicer end of the strip. Hotel staff sweep the pavements and keep surrounding area's clean. The bottom end of the strip (where the mgm etc is) the streets were very dirty with 'escort' cards littering the roads and pavements. The two ends of the strip are completely different - i dont think that i would make a point of going back to the bottom end of the strip when i go back to vegas as the top end is so much nicer.All in all this hotel made our trip to las vegas a very memorable one - when we go back we will definatly be staying in the wynn.	
Oct 4 2009 	My Wynn Wedding	Getting married in The Wynn Las Vegas was the best decision we ever made, it couldnt have gone smoother. We had a week at the Wynn with 11 of us in total and got married 4 days in , we stayed at the Wynn last year and decided after seeing the primrose courtyard that it was perfect.We wanted a small stress free wedding and that is exactly what we got, Cabriole Koshan and Angela Qustandi were our wedding co-ordinators and from the minute we started our research in january they were fantastic! They took care of every question and query we had and more.All we had to do was get ourselves there on time and every other detail fell into place. The flowers were more beautiful than i could have imagined and the music fitted perfectly.Rev. Henney was a kind softly spoken man who kept us smiling and at ease all the way through and the photographer Emily did a great job in making us look the part, there was a lovely calm feeling and we didn't once feel rushed.After our wedding we had a reservation at Bartolotta Ristorante Di Mare, this was also beautiful and has an amazing romantic setting outside under private cabbanas.--	
Oct 2 2009 	Great for couples not children	PROS- gorgeous and elegant throughout- fabulous food, ambiance and pool areas- spectacular views, from quiet spacious rooms- phone, TV, hairdryer, scale in bathroom (dual sinks, roman tub, separate shower) and a night light! - fast elevators- parking easy and relatively close to guest elevators- most restaurants have interesting views: water features, gardens, etc.- walking distance to Mirage, Venetian hotel area plus a shopping mall is across the street.- Very high end shops- You can walk for miles without ever going outside between the shops, Ferrari museum, large casino, clubs and all the same for its connected sister hotel The Encore (also built by Steve Wynn who built TI, Mirage and the Bellagio Hotels).- Almost no childrenCONS- food and shop merchandise are expensive- extra charges for everything (Wi Fi, fax, special lounging areas and chairs near pool)- Insufficient electrical outlets in room and especially near bed- Pool closes at 6pm (even on 100-90 degree September days!)- extra charge for rooms above the 10th floorAs the lifeguard put it, &quot;We are not very kid friendly.&quot; This is a fabulous, romantic, elegant upscale (5 star) resort that caters to couples and adults. The shape of the main pool is long and narrow with large circular areas at the ends (like a barbell) which provides a more private feel. The pool area is gorgeously adorned with plantings, flowers, hedges, and topiaries. There are gaming tables next to the bar which separates this pool from the European pool (allowing topless bathing) with submerged tables/chairs and umbrellas (use fee). The pool lounges are padded and they give you two towels. Free ice water is available as you walk in (the bottle in your room will set you back $8). The food at the buffet was fabulous and varied with all bases covered as to ethnic and American food. Ask for a room at the hallway's northern end. Even though it is a long walk, our room had floor to ceiling windows on two walls, one side facing the mountains and the other the strip. The curtains and sheers are push button opened and closed. Too cool for words. They charge $14/day for internet. While there is an all in one HP printer in the room they try to hide all but its ability to send a fax for which there is another charge. I opened it up to look for the copy button and found it under a special opaque plastic flip cover that they added to not make these other functions for which they can't charge (copy, scan, print) easily obvious. I was particularly chagrined about the lack of electric outlets. With our cell phones, camera, rechargeable batteries, portable GPS, computer, etc, the modern traveler needs access to a lot of electricity. We always travel with a power strip so our electronics are not spread all over the room. There was one plug on the desk, one in the entry hallway and one below the headboard. There are NO OUTLETS BEHIND THE ENDTABLES like every other hotel on earth. I require a breathing machine for my sleep apnea and was totally panicked at the lack of outlet until my husband pulled the bed away from the wall. 12 million American have diagnosed sleep apnea and most use an electric air pump and mask while they sleep.You must understand, though, that casino hotels have one main goal and that is to get you into the casino. Thus, no clocks (only a small, unlit iHome on the nighstand), the pool is positioned to be in all shade by late afternoon (hotel blocks the sun), pool closes altogether at 6pm, and you must pass by the casino to go anywhere. The usualy sundries shop which in most hotels in near registration is on the opposite side of the casino. The bathroom was fabulous with dual sinks, a TV to watch while you bathe in the roman tub or get ready for your day. While they have the usual complimentary soap, shampoo, conditioner, lotion, shower cap and not so common cotton balls and Q-tips and shoe polish, they should have added bath salts! There were no towel racks around the sink area which was odd. Also, no exhaust fan in the separate toilet room but there was a phone on that wall!Staff were all friendly, helpful and non-intrusive. Security was evident but not overbearing.Read someone else's review of the golf course and villas with private infinity pools! We were fortunate to get a spectacular package from Southwest Airlines that cost us less for three nights + airfare than it would have cost just to fly. Clearly a sign of the economy.	
Oct 2 2009 	Wow at the Wynn	This hotel is THE place to stay in Vegas. It really does have the &quot;wow&quot; factor and the service is top drawer. Checked out all of the other larger hotels and still would choose the Wynn. One of the best hotels i have ever stayed in. Because it is to the North of the strip, it really does feel (as a previous tripadvisor review had descibed ) as an oasis from the crowds and we really looked forward to those big gold doors being held open for us after a day out.One tip for people staying in a Tower suite - don't use the designated pools on the upper level. They are too small and a bit &quot;poseur&quot;. Much more fun and atmosphere in the main pools downstairs. The Spa was very plush too. For a treat, we booked the couples room to have a massage which had a real fire in the room Go to the Wynn. You will not be disappointed	
Oct 1 2009 	Our stay was fantastic	We stayed in the Tower Suites. We had a Parlour Suite. The rooms were spotless. The beds were the most comfortable we had ever slept in. Everything was just perfect. The suite was so spacious, it overlooked the pools. We did have our own private pool, that was really nice. The furnishings are just beautiful, I loved the mirrored ceiling. I can't say enough about this wonderful hotel. Very quite and away from the lights and noise of the casino. We will most certainly stay here again on our next trip to Las Vegas.	
Sep 29 2009 	Awesome Hotel!!	My wife and I (30 yrs old) stayed at the wynn. We initial got a deal from austin, tx for 750$ on southwest for 3 nights and roundtrip airfare. When we got to the Wynn we asked how much it would be to upgrade and they said 50 a night to stay at the tower suites so we thought we would. It was awesome!! one of the best hotels/rooms I've stayed at! The tower suites were great - you have your own private pools. Nice flat screen TV's in the room and in the bathroom. The staff was really friendly and i liked it because it seemed less crowded then the belagio or other hotels more in the middle of the strip. Great stay!	
Sep 29 2009 	Wynn was Fantastic	I booked the Wynn Hotel for two nights through Hotwire.com. I got an excellent rate and even though I paid less than someone booking regularly, I was not treated any differently. I only point that out because I found a review somone had written that said the Wynn was not nice to Hotwire guests. In my case, this could not be farther from the truth. We were on the 22nd floor with an excellent view, the room was beautiful, clean, and the bed, pillows, etc. were very comfortable. Restuarants in the hotel are expensive, including the buffet but this is really the case at any Vegas Hotel. If you want to eat for less, you need to find some of the little cafes in the strip area.I also went to the Spa for a massage and had the best massage I've ever had in my life. I thought it was just me, but three ladies in the locker room said the same things about theirs and we had 3 different massage therapist. My therapist was extremely professional and obviously very educated in the art of massage and how the body works.Use of the Fitness Center was included for the day I had my massage, otherwise it costs $30.00 per day, but do you really go to Vegas to work out? (Again, cost is consistant with other hotels). Get up in the morning early and walk or run the strip if you want an inexpensive workout.	
Sep 28 2009 	Couldn't have been a better trip can't wait to go back!	I just got back from a long weekend at Wynn with 3 girlfriends. We're in our twenties and had the time of our lives! I've stayed in Las Vegas before but this is by far my favorite hotel. The staff were incredibly friendly, helpful and bent over backwards to make sure we were happy. The view from our room was fabulous as was the room itself, plenty of room for all four girls. The room service was fantastic and so were the restaurants throughout Wynn, in particular Daniel Boulud brasserie. I had the best fish of my life there. The buffet was also great. Brunch at the cafe overlooking the pool was the perfect way to start the day as the pool area was so beautiful and relaxing. The valets were all extremely friendly as were the dealers in the casino. We saw Le Reve, which is the fifth Cirque show I've seen and it was the best by far! (Although my dad had seen it before and said it's been entirely redone since two years ago, and he thought it was much better this time around.) Over all a fabulous trip and a great hotel experience!	
Sep 27 2009 	Now my favourite place to stay in Vegas	After a few visits to Las Vegas, it was my mission to return one day and stay a Wynns. I ended up doing this for my honeymoon and wasn't disappointed. We had a great room on the 59th floor overlooking the strip. Rooms are large and very comfortable. We really enjoyed the room service and the pool facilities are something we haven't experienced before. Top class.One of the benefits of staying at this hotel is that you are a bit away from the hustle and bustle of throughfare from tourists which you experience futher up the strip. Also fashion show shopping centre straight across the road.Do your self a favour, consider this place next time you come to Vegas, we will definately stay here again when we return one day.	
Sep 24 2009 	Worth every penny	We visited here to celebrate my 50th Birthday. Having travelled Virgin Atlantic Premium Economy from London Gatwick and having been met by a limo at the airport, we arrived at the hotel in style. We were staying in the Tower Suites and for our entire 5 night stay we felt surrounded by luxury. From the complimentary chocolates in our suite on arrival to the courteous concierge who booked us in online for our return trip home, we couldn't fault anything. Room service was excellent and reasonably priced. One breakfast was free as they said it took over the stated 30 mins to arrive in the room but if it was late it must have been by no more than a couple of minutes. The fridge in the room was handy for keeping beer &amp; wine bought from the ABC store in the Fashion show mall suitably chilled in the warm June weather.The stretch limo we hired to take us to Red Rock Canyon on the morning of my birthday was only a few dollars more than the cost of 2 people on a Jeep Tour and the scenery out there was certainly worth the short 20 min drive from the hotel.A trip to the Grand Canyon with Sundance Helicopters was spectacular. As a very nervous flyer I was concerned before hand but had a wonderful time.Lunch at the Top of the World restaurant in the Stratosphere hotel was also an experience to remember.We spent an awful lot of money on our short trip but for the luxury and the buzz of excitement that we still feel every time we remember the holiday, it was well worth every single penny.	
Sep 21 2009 	Living the high life in Vegas!	Stayed three nights at the Wynn in Las Vegas last month. One of the best hotels we have ever stayed in. The room was spacious, quiet, very clean and the bathroom was fantastic. We were only on the 9th floor but we still loved the view! The staff were great , very helpful and professional.The casino was a higher class than some of the others we saw but it did seem to be a bit pricier. The swimming pools were quite an experience, especially the European pool! We had breakfast at the Buffet and at the Terrace Point Cafe, both were excellent. Lunch was also great at the Terrace Point Cafe. We ate dinner in DB on Saturday night which was delicious and the pre-theatre was great value. The 'Lake of Dreams' is worth seeing at night as it comes alive with lights and music.My only gripe would be the charge for wireless connection in your bedroom. Given how expensive everything is at this hotel I think the wireless could free.Based on speaking to others on our visit to Vegas the Wynn is definitely one of the best hotels to stay in and it's at the 'classier' end of the strip.	
Sep 21 2009 	3rd Time and Still THE best by FAR!	My husband and I just returned last night from 3 amazing nights at the Wynn Tower Suites. This was my 3rd visit to Wynn/Encore this year. Each visit was amazing. I honestly have NO complaints!!!I must say...if you can swing it.....book the Tower Suites at Wynn. Talk about feeling even more like royalty. You have a separate entrance, check in,elevator, personal concierge, restaurant AND 2 elevated VIP pools for Tower guests only!Rooms -ALL the rooms seem to be beautiful. The normal Wynn rooms will have EVERYTHING you need. The Panoramic rooms at Encore as equally beautiful, set up the same, just a different color scheme. The Wynn Tower Suites are bigger, the must have 20 foot ceilings in the the normal Tower Suite Room! Service -EVERYONE we encountered we MORE then happy to assist us. From the front desk, the concierge, the restaurant staff, pool staff......AND..they truly seemed to enjoy helping you. BUT...my husband and I do not have &quot;attitude&quot; and I think a smile and kindness go a long way...what comes around goes around. Pool -I can't comment much on any pool except the European Pool...which I have been to all 3 times I stayed there. Yes, this pool is deisgnated as a &quot;topless&quot; pool. But, don't let that deter you. Yes, there are some boobs on display...but in a VERY tactful way. I met some wonderful new friends at this pool and am still in touch with them. For a REALLY special treat rent a &quot;lilly pad&quot; in the pool.....they sit inside the pool in about 2 inches of water.....GREAT for lounging. My husband and I closed the pool down on Saturday...Restaurants - If you can only go to one place...DO NOT miss SW Steakhouse. This was my third time dining at this restaurant and I still have NO complaints. From the staff to the food to the show on the lake of dreams...it is a MUST!!!!! Oh...and try to save room for the funnel cake tree.......We also at ate the ZooZoo cafe....awesome burgers!Room service is VERY quick and efficient. We ordered and within 15 minutes had our food AND they asked when we would like our table picked up. The food was hot and fresh! Not cold like some other room service I have experienced!Bars and Clubs -I have been to both Tryst (such a beautiful club) and Blush on more then one occasion. It just depends on what you are in the mood for. Yes, it can be difficult to get in...BUT...a smile goes a LONG way!!! It's much easier for the girls then the guys....sorry to say. But, my hubby and I got in free to Blush. There is a bar at Encore that is SOOOO great for people watching....I think we sat there one night for 3 hours ordering drinks and laughing with the bar tenders and some new friends! I have yet to go to XS at Encore...the lines are RIDICULOUS but I am sure at some point I will have to find my way in. Again..there is ALWAYS a way to get your self into these clubs.....get to know the guys at the door......Shopping - YES..the stores are VERY high end! But...fun to go in and maybe just splurge on a special item!!!!! But, I have great shopping at home so that is not my focus when I am in Vegas!!!Obviously...I have NOTHING bad to say about either Encore or Wynn. They are 2 of the BEST resorts in Vegas. You will feel pampered and like royalty. We are already planning our next trip.The next trip I will make sure to visit the Spa...just haven't been able to fit it in...but have walked through and what an AMAZING feeling. It's this type of zen feeling you get when you step off the elevator...and the smell....OMG! SO..a HUGE thank you to everyone at Wynn and Encore for making our trip so special and memorable!!! See you soon!	
Sep 21 2009 	The best hotel I've ever stayed at!	If you go to Vegas, stay at the Wynn. I've stayed in many top hotels in the U.S. (including the Peninsula in Beverly Hills, the Mark in New York) and I have to say this is the best hotel experience I've ever had. If you want to get away from the noise and dregs of the strip - stay here. It's more like you're at a resort than in Las Vegas. The lobby and registration area is gorgeous. From the most comfortable bed, to the large room, large bathroom with soaker tub and shower. The soundproofing - amazing - we didn't hear a thing - it felt like we were the only people there. The customer service - fantastic. We ate lunch at the Country Club - best burgers! We had lunch at Zoozoocrackers - fantastic deli food. Had drinks in the French restaurant and sat on the terrace for the light show at the waterfall, beautiful. The spa services - excellent. Ask for Pam for massage and make sure to get mani/pedi -worth the expense. Also, beautiful things to look at wherever you go. Highly, highly recommend the Wynn!	
Sep 21 2009 	The Wynn is terrific - can't go wrong!	The Wynn is beautiful! I have stayed in many hotels in Vegas (Mirage, Mandalay Bay, Luxor, TI, Bally's) and the Wynn definitely is the best! It is clean and airy and open, nice and bright. This is a welcome change from most of the typical dark and smoky Vegas casinos and hotels. We stayed on the non-strip side - the views of golf course, pools and mountains were lovely, however we were bothered one evening by the music of the night club. The room was great, very clean and big, beds were really comfortable.As far as restaurants at the hotel, we ate at Zoozacrackers (deli, fast lunch) - it was very good. We had lunch one day at Terrace Point Cafe (outside overlooking pool) which was also very good. We enjoyed college football at the sports book and also had cocktails at Parasol Up (smoky). We ate at the casual Asian restaurant at the Encore which was delicious. We hung out poolside one day at the adult-only European Pool. The water was nice, but the people hanging out there are a bit extreme! Reality check people - the Wynn is really nice, but you are not rich and famous, let's bring it back to earth please. Between the buff bodies and reserved seating, we thought we were on some funny reality show about people who think they were really important, but are really just like everyone else. Those unfortunate folks are no reflection on the hotel which ulitmately is a great place to stay! Next visit for us to Vegas, we may try the Encore, but would definitely return the Wynn again too, you can not go wrong by staying at this wonderful hotel!	
Sep 19 2009 	Impressive!	I took the wife and kids to Las Vegas to close out the summer before school starts and we had a blast! The staff was friendly and the room was immaculate. The location was perfect---my wife appreciated that it wasn't too far from the Fashion Show mall! I would definitely come back again.	
Sep 19 2009 	Truly Amazing	My partner and I have been traveling to Vegas for the past four years to get away from the dreaded wet summers we've been having in Quebec. We've stayed at different hotels starting with the Luxor, MGM, Red Rock and this year the Wynn. What can I say. The Wynn was truly amazing, the hotel, accomodations, the shops, the spa and the gym facilities were top notch. We saw Le rêve which is a must see while in Vegas, dined at some of the top restaurants and spent way to much moula shopping but it was worth every penny.If you are looking for a first class hotel with fabulous pools, food, entertainement, accomodations, look no futher you've found it at the Wynn.The only down side was the service. The reception desk and consierge were so so. But that does not mean I would not go back in a heart beat.	
Sep 17 2009 	Enjoyed the Wynn	We got a very good deal for $150/night over Memorial day weekend. Asked is they would give us a room with a view since it was our anniversary but they really didnt do anything for us. I would really ask for a golf course view if I stay again. The room, despite not having a view, was very nice and comfortable. We were close to the elevator and could hear the occasional noise, but it wasn’t bad. We enjoyed the pool and service there and at the restaurants we ate. The Wynn is huge and you could spend your whole vacation without leaving the hotel. Overall, we enjoyed our stay. The service was a bit impersonal but overall friendly. Just don't expect extra attention unless you are a high roller.	
Sep 16 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	We stayed here for Labor Day weekend with a group of friends- and had a blast. The hotel is beaitiful. details are comfy beds, very nice decor, great food, quick room service. Only a few dissapointments...first of all ge to the Pool early and stay in your seats- the 'gaurds&quot; walk around and if youre not in your seats it appears as if you are &quot;saving seats&quot; and will remove your items. there are not that many chairs in the pool so arrive early. also dont bother ordering food by the pool- sandwiches are pre-wrapped looks like they made it the day before &amp; pulled it out of a vending machine. At least put it on a paper plate. other than that the hotel is perfect.we will saty again.	
Sep 15 2009 	Wynn a one time stay for me.	I was in a panaramic room on the 55th floor with a view of the north end of the strip for a 4 night stay last week. I had no problems with noise from Tryst at allThis truly is a beautiful hotel with excellent service and I am glad to have had the opportunity to stay here once, but I will not return. I usually upgrade to petite suites when I have stayed in other hotels in Las Vegas and the Wynn's standard rooms are similar in price, size, and amenities to those suites. The big difference for me is the cost of everything else there. Everything is overpriced from the tables to the food. I was unable to find any blackjack tables under $15 (I usually play $10) and a takeout danish and fruit cup cost about $13. There was no place to go for a reasonably priced snack or a generic midnight dinner. I had to go somewhere else for essentially everything. For me a nice upgraded room is important but I also want to be able to play in the same hotel. If money is no object for you than absolutely stay at the Wynn it can't be beat if you have money to burn, but if you are like me then go to a middle road property and pay for a suite upgrade and have it all under one roof.The quality of the buffet was excellent but again overpriced. This may be due to the fact that they have a lot of non standard fare available with a duck dish being one example. If you are adventurous with food than this buffet would be a perfect opportunity to try some new dishes if you are not adventurous I would seek a more standard buffet for a lesser price.	
Sep 15 2009 	Simply Classy	My husband and I stayed at the Wynn for 3 nights last week. Absolutely beautiful! Arrived around 10:30 AM. We figured the room wouldn't be ready; however, they took our cell # and called around noon to let us know it was available. We were upgraded to room #5251. The bathroom was phenomenal - two sinks, a large bathtub, huge shower, and even a TV. The bed was my favorite - probably one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in! The view, which overlooked the strip and Fashion Mall, was simply magnificent. The window was glass from the floor to the ceiling. I liked being across from Fashion Mall since the prices at their restaurants/food court were a bit more manageable. We ate at the Wynn's buffet - lots to choose from, and the quality was just so-so. Pool was nice, though it did get shady around 4 PM. They were giving out free passes at the pool for hotel guests to get into Tryst, one of their nightclubs. We only stopped in for a few minutes. As mentioned in some of the other reviews, we could hear the nightclub from our room, but it wasn't bad. You do have to pay for Internet access in the room, but they do offer free Wi-Fi at Terrace Point and Sugar and Ice. I would definitely recommend the Wynn!	
Sep 14 2009 	Wynn - Hip and Happening Yet Elegant and Luxurious	After having stayed at Encore earlier this year and deciding it was my favorite hotel in Vegas (sorry to my former Number One, but still a STRONG Number Two, The Venetian), my wife and I decided to try the original, The Wynn, for our anniversary in August since we like to try different hotels as often as possible. In order from worst to best, the other hotels we've stayed at have been Circus Circus, Bally's, New York New York, Planet Hollywood, TI, The Mirage, The Venetian, and Encore. We had high expectations going in and we were not disappointed. The Wynn is beautiful outside and in and the staff we encountered were very friendly, although not as vibrant and consistent as the Encore staff. We booked our trip for an amazing price through our travel agent Sharon at sharonsvacations.com and were due to receive a $100 resort credit during our stay, but when we arrived we were told that in addition to the credit we'd been upgraded to a Panoramic room on the 53rd floor. That was a nice treat but I don't let free upgrades sway my reviews. The check-in line could stand to be revamped because there are no dedicated lines or velvet rope dividers. You just line up behind which ever clerk has the shortest line. Please be aware that Wynn requests a credit card to hold $150 per day during your stay and they hold the entire amount at check-in and release it at check-out. Our amount was $600 for our four-night stay. For those who receive a resort credit you can spend it at the buffet, or any bar or restaurant in Wynn or Encore and you charge it to your room. You must show I.D. and fill out a form with your room number for each transaction. I can't stress this enough - please keep your receipts because mistakes can happen. My wife and I went $10 over our credit but was told at check-out that we owed $110. This was due to someone in Encore with the same room number as us being allowed to charge without showing I.D. We had to fill out a charge dispute form and paid only our $10 overcharge. We inquired what would happen if the offending charge could not be traced to someone else and were told that the charge would stand and our credit card would be charged the full amount. Call the front desk to constantly check your charges so you won't get hit with a surprise on your last day. No rooms were available when we arrived, but we just left our bags with the bell desk and left our cell number with the front desk. They called when a room was available. When we got to the room we just had to call the bell desk and they arrived shortly thereafter with our bags. We were in room 5321 and it was beautiful. There was a marble foyer with a giant mirror on one side and a closet on the other with a free wall safe. The bathroom was as nice as the Encore bathroom with double sinks, a lighted vanity mirror with cushioned stool, a large soaking tub with waterfall faucet, and a separate shower with a marble bench and adjustable massaging shower head. The toilet is behind a privacy door and comes equipped with a phone. There's also a digital scale and a television on the wall next to the mirror. The sleeping and sitting areas are in one big room which measure about 625 square feet. For comparison, the Encore rooms are from 75 to 100 square feet larger. Although not as contemporary as the Encore furnishings, the Wynn rooms are nicely appointed and the colors are warm and inviting. The large king bed was also the second best bed I ever slept in. Treasure Island's beds are the best. In addition to the bed there is a comfy couch with matching ottoman, a worktable with a chair and a multi-use fax machine, a marble-top table and two chairs, a dresser which has 3 drawers for clothes and hides a minibar and fridge with drinks and snacks, and a large HD plasma T.V. The minibar snacks are on pressure sensors that charge your room if the snack is removed from it's sensor for more than 60 seconds. There are also two bedside dressers one with an I-Home mp3 compatible radio. There are also controls on the wall next to the bed for the automatic drapes and sheers. The view from 5321 was amazing! In fact Wynn and Encore both seem to have great views of either the strip or the golf course. It's only a matter of how high up you are. The Wynn has many nice restaurants and is attached to the Encore by a shopping esplanade. The casino was nice and vibrant and the drink servers came around fairly consistent. The drinks were nice and strong, too. A few people were actually winning, but the money seemed to flow a little better at Encore. Cigarette smoke and foul odors are not a problem because the Wynn pumps a nice fresh scent through the air. Unless you are a guest, strollers are not allowed in the Wynn or Encore. You must check strollers and carry your child around. Both hotels seem like they cater more toward upscale 30-year olds and up, but there were definitely more parents with kids at Wynn than at Encore. The Wynn buffet is one of my favorites and although it's pricey you can easily make up the cost on one plate. They also have an option in the buffet where you pay an additional $7 and you get unlimited champagne, mimosas, and bloody Marys. The Wynn pool is much larger than the Encore pool, but they are both super luxurious. We went down in the afternoon and had no problem securing lounge chairs. Just show your room key to get two towels at the entrance gate. There's also free ice water by the towel room. The pool is two large oval pools connected by a long rectangular pool. Deepest point is 4 feet. Wynn is in a great location next to Encore, of course, and right next door to Palazzo and Venetian connected by a pedestrian bridge. The Fashion Show mall is directly across the street from Wynn and TI is across the street to the left. Check-out was fairly quick (with the exception of the credit dispute) and since we had a late flight we called the front desk to request an extra hour to check out from 12:00 pm to 1:00 pm. The first hour is free but any additional time is a charge. Overall the Wynn is a great, luxurious hotel, my third favorite in Vegas (behind the Encore and Venetian) and definitely highly recommended.	
Sep 14 2009 	Credit Card number stolen at Wynn Front Desk	I just got back from a weekend at the Wynn Hotel, and although I have no complaints about the hotel itself, I thought potential guests should be aware of my experience.I checked in late on Thursday night, where the front desk asked for a credit card to keep on file. I was exhausted and went to sleep for the night, and kept my credit card LOCKED in the room safe all night and the next morning (I basically pay cash for everything in Vegas). The next afternoon, my wife calls me in a panic, stating that our credit card had been canceled because there were charges in the middle of the night at the Wynn and, somehow, in Atlanta and Alabama! I went to discuss with a manager at the front desk who was, frankly, unhelpful and denied that anything like credit card theft could occur. Since my card hadn't been even out of my wallet anywhere besides the front desk, his denials rang hollow. Also, since my card had been canceled, I had to pay cash for the balance of my bill (he didn't even offer to reduce my bill).As a kicker, when reviewing my charges with him, I noticed a $100 pool cabana charge to my room. I hadn't charged anything to my room, so he looked at the details and informed me someone had left a $100 tip on a $7 CORONA! He took it off my bill immediately, but obviously they have staff that are trying to run scams on people's room charges.I am a very frequent Vegas vistor and have stayed at most hotels there, and I have never had anything like this happen before. I can't say whether this was an isolated incident, but thought I should make people aware of my experience.	
Sep 13 2009 	Beautiful place - but let's have a reality check	No doubt about it, Wynn is a beautiful facility. The rooms are spacious and contemporary and ooze the spirit of Vegas. The lobby is eye-catching from the first glance and the casino has alot to offer. I brought my best friend to Wynn to celebrate her birthday. We are just a couple of ordinary girls who came to Vegas for a fun-filled couple of nights. We had heard great things about Wynn and knew we had to try it out. Simply put, the accomodations were perfect - the experience was not. It turned out to be a real buzz-kill visiting the hotel nightclubs Tryst and Blush. We visited the concierge after our 45 minute check-in to see what the protocol was to get into these places. He went through all of this &quot;special&quot; processing to put us on some list and gave us what he offered as &quot;VIP&quot; passes to get into the clubs. Coincidentally, we found these same &quot;passes&quot; sitting out on the counter of one of the hotel shops the next day for anyone to take. Thinking the concierge had done us a nice favor, we returned it with a nice tip. We went to Tryst that evening. I think we finally got into the actual club area after showing IDs to two of the SEVERAL security personnel standing around. I wasn't sure at that point if I was about to see the president or someone sitting inside when we got in, but the nazi-esque bouncers successfully acted out the part of secret service. How impressive to be in such a place....right? Whatever. I think we walked through some type of maze before we finally walked into a place that was sooooo crowded we couldn't even get on the dance floor - which was one of our main objectives while visiting Sin City. We stayed at Tryst for about 30 minutes before we decided we had had enough of getting shoved around. We were thirsty and couldn't even get to the bar for our $20 drink that most likely would have been spilled on overselves or someone else while trying to maneuver away from the bar. I find it humorous how Wynn boasts it's main nightclub all over town, but do you really have to let in the entire city? Unimpressed, we went over to Blush. Blush was less crowded by far, but we left shortly after when we both realized we were apparently not important enough to score a place to sit. Every single seating area in Blush was one you are required to reserve. I understand there are many people out there who will spend the money to feel important and reserve a table or a VIP area or whatever other gimmicky thing the nightclub can come up with, but a club that shows real class is one that provides at least the creature comforts to it's patrons while they are there to enjoy themselves. Let me tell you, standing in those heels all night talking to some lame guy from Austrailia was not our idea of fun - so again, we left. We ended our eveing much earlier than anticipated sitting in one of the FEW lounge bars which were occupied with no one interesting. I guess all of the cool people were still in line for the clubs. My friend and I are really glad we were able to go to TAO (not located at Wynn) the last evening of our trip. Even though TAO also gives off illusions of celebrity treatment which turns out to be a marketing ploy, we had a much better time knowing we hadn't been fooled into thinking we were getting some kind of special treatment to get in. I love Vegas for what it is and will go back time after time, but I won't stay at Wynn again. I think Wynn has to realize that the majority of visitors are not celebrities or the ultra-rich. We are just people who like to come and enjoy what Vegas has to offer without having to pay to put your bottle of water in the refrigerator or pay to sit down in some club. I'm pretty sure we left enough of our money in Vegas paying for things we feel were worth it: food, drinks and overall fun!	
Sep 13 2009 	If you can fall in love with a hotel then this is the one!	Stayed at the Wynn for 4 nights in September following stays in LA and San Francisco and we certainly saved the best till last! Check in was quick and efficient and the rooms exceeded our expectations, they are gorgeous. Luxurious, comfortable and spacious. Our only problem was that there was no ice bucket (the lid was there)! We phoned housekeeping and within 15 mins the ice bucket arrived and they had filled it with ice for us! All the staff we encountered were extremely friendly and helpful. The food in the restaurants was well presented and we had no complaints with the quality. Some people on this site have complained of the noise from the nightclubs but we didn't hear anything and we were on one of the lower floors. I have stayed previously at The Mirage which was good but the Wynn is better by miles. If we return to Vegas I would definitely return to the Wynn.	
Sep 12 2009 	THE BEST IN VEGAS !!!	Just back from 4 nights at the Wynn with my husband , quick check in, we upgraded to the 58th floor with fabulous views, the room was lovely very spacious and very clean. Dined at SW Steak House, sorry to say I was really dissapointed with where we were seated, as I had booked a window seat months in advance, we were placed in a corner??? However I couldn't fault the food, went out on the patio to see the show on Lake of dreams afterwards, don't miss it !! The Buffet had a large selection for breakfast and dinner a high standards of service. Lunch was really nice at the terrace, wished we had gone there more.The pool was lovely, very relaxing, no problems getting drinks or beds.The Wynn is situated at the north end of the strip, opposite the Fashion Show Mall, personally we found it walkable to the rest of the strip, lots to see as you walk, get a taxi and you'll miss it all !!Would definately return, once you stay here nowhere else will do. The onyly thing you'll dislike is leaving!!!	
Sep 12 2009 	First Class!	We stayed at the hotel for a week, overall it was really great! The resort rooms are very nice, bathroom is huge (there is a bath and a shower), great HD TV, huge bed, everything you could think of ...( even 3 phones!). Hotel has all you need, casino, shops restaurants etc... The only thing we did not like were the prices... everything there is overpriced from the minibar to the restaurants, but you don't choose Wynn to save money, do you?... Also note that the hotel is located at the end of the strip, but close to the Fashion mall and Treasure Island.... Be perpared to walk!	
Sep 11 2009 	The Wynn - sophisticated expensive	Loved staying at the Wynn hotel. Yes it is expensive, but we got a really great package deal through Southwest Vacations. The rooms are very nice and clean. The water pressure in the shower is strong. The beds are so very comfortable! The pool is amazing. The pool at the Wynn is way better than the Encore, though you are allowed in both. There is also a European pool (topless). The Wynn is a great place to stay for a nice vacation in Vegas. It is clean and the staff is very friendly. The restaurants are quite pricey. You will pay $8 for a cup of tea and you won't find a dish for less than that. The elevators are fast and take some getting used to. I feel queezy the first couple of times.	
Sep 11 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	My Boyfriend and I just got back from our 4 night stay at the Wynn. Everything was great! We got there around 9am, room was not ready (but we figured that, we were there 6 hours before check in.) They called us about 2 hours later, we were at the Mirage eating at BLT Burger (very very good) so we walked back to the hotel (went and bought a bottle of vodka and some mixers at the liquor store in the mall across the street of the Wynn because we found out very soon that 2 drinks cost about $24 at the wynn.) Got to the hotel and checked in (it did take a little while, probably 10-15 min in line, I think the biggest problem with that is just the people checking in taking a while asking for stuff because when we got to the counter we just checked in and were on our way to the room in less than 2 min.) Got to our room, the bathroom was great nice shower (big enough for two :) the tub was big two (never got in it, my boyfriend said &quot;we can sit in a tub anytime, we are in Vegas lets go out&quot;) I agreed with him but I thought it would be romantic to have a night in the room, it was a perfect room for it. Bed was great! Very comfortable, the only problem was the top matress kept falling off. Never ordered room service but I wanted to, the menu looked great!Pretty much took a cab everywhere because of the distance between most hotels. Then only place we ate at the Wynn was breakfast (was very good, exellent service.)Would definitely go back would love to have a wedding there ( I hinted that to my boyfriend and he didn't say much :)If your looking for cheaper drinks and tables, go to O'Sheas or Imperial Palace or downtown. Same with Slots, the slots weren't paying on the main hotels on the strip but fitzgeralds was really paying.Stay at the Wynn if your into an upscale place, you'll love it, we sure did	
Sep 11 2009 	Top-Notch Vegas Resort	My wife and I stayed at the Wynn for 4 days over Labor Day weekend. Having stayed at a number of other casinos in Vegas over the past few years, I have to say that the Wynn is top-notch. The rooms are excellent - spaciously laid out w/couch, desk, king sized bed, large mirrors, wide-screen tv, excellent wireless signal (internet is not free, though, which is typical for Vegas casinos), and simply fantastic bed linens. We slept GREAT, and my wife was 6 months pregnant at the time. The bathroom is huge with his/her sinks, glass shower, soaking tub, and a sit-down vanity. The nicest non-suite hotel room I've stayed in, anywhere.Here are the only real Cons:a) The mini-bar does not leave enough room to store a bottle of water or soda. Even if it did, you would not want to use it because the electronic weight sensor charges you if the weight changes.b) The pool area gets extremely crowded on weekends, so go early, otherwise you will have difficulty finding a nice spot.c) Everything is expensive at the Wynn - drinks, coffee, restaurants, shops, and snacks. But this is to be expected - Vegas in general is no longer a cheap-man's hangout. There is a Starbucks and food court just across the street at the Fashion Show Mall, which gives you some better breakfast / lunch options besides the $5 coffee and $6 bagel at the Wynn. There is also a half-price ticket booth for shows (for whatever is available that day) there. Again, very convenient if you want to go right when it opens in the AM.d) Access to the gym is $30 per person. I recommend running in the AM along the Strip if you want exercise (I did 5 miles at 7am when few people are up and it was very pleasant).e) If you secure a late checkout to 6pm (typically with the half-day rate), be aware that they usually close your room account early around noon, so you can't continue charging items to your room afterwards (e.g. lunch at the pool, whatever), even if you have paid the additional half-day rate.If you're staying at the Wynn, you're probably not too concerned about the price tag, but I thought I would mention these items nonetheless. It doesn't detract from my overall enthusiastic rating of this resort casino because you are getting a lot of luxury.	
Sep 11 2009 	Best in Vegas	We stayed at the Wynn for two nights in August as part of a road trip. Even by Vegas standards, the Wynn is outstanding and is very much &quot;the&quot; place to stay. The reception and communal areas are stunning, although very bling. Our room was incredible, even by 5 star standards. It was enormous, with amazing views over The Strip and beautifully designed and plush. The Wynn's pool is huge and beautiful. You also have access to the Encore's pool (in the same building) which is very much a &quot;party pool&quot; and great fun. The best club in Vegas, XS, is also in the Encore and if you are prepared to go in early at 10pm (when it opens) you can get in even in the height of summer (when we went entry for ladies was $20, men $50!).If you are looking for a fun but luxurious place to stay, I would definitely recommend this hotel. I would recommend it less for families with children.	
Sep 10 2009 	Beautiful hotel	Visited LV and stayed at the Wynn for 3 nights. got a great hotwire deal.Overall great experiencePros:- very clean rooms- comp upgrade to panoramic corner suite- comp line pass for buffet- corner suite was largeCons- no nearby monorail station (had to board at Harras)- no comp. slippers in the room- buffet was just OK, nothing crazy to write home about- bell desk needs to be more structured as there were people cutting in front of us and the bell guy was just helping them	
Sep 10 2009 	Ab Fab	We've just returned from a trip to LA and Las Vegas to celebrate my partners 65th birthday. Stayed at the Four Seasons in LA (also Ab Fab!!) and the Wynn Las Vegas in the Tower Suites.There really is nothing I can say that was bad about this hotel. The suite, the service, the staff and the general ambience were all absolutely stunning. From the moment you arrive at the separate Tower Suite entrance, you know you are arriving at a special hotel.This was our first trip to Vegas, it was on our must see list of places. We're not gamblers but did have a flutter (didn't win - no surprises there then). Vegas pretty much looked as I'd imagined, and some of the casinos looked a bit tired, however the casino in Wynn just looked more classy. The shops and the restaurants at Wynn were beautiful and we would certainly return to Vegas, just to stay at this beautiful hotel.	
Sep 9 2009 	GREAT HOTEL!!!	I arrived with 3 girlfriends for labor day weekend. Check-in was simple and we had no issues. Will agree with a previous review I read about the setup of the check-in area. There’s no definite line or order. You just line up wherever u think will be the fastest line and it usually never is but it isn’t a huge deal.We had a room on the resort tower. Two beds. The room is spacious and the bathroom is big and beautiful. It has a sunken tub, a separate shower, his and her sinks and a separate toilet area and a small TV. The bed and pillows were very comfortable. LOVED that the curtains opened and closed by simply pressing a button by the bed. Overall the size of the room was perfect for 4 girls (believe it or not). We didn't eat at the Wynn (except for a quick bagel and coffee one morning at the Café in the lobby) so no comment on that. We partied at XS. Very nice club and the music was great. The air is the best at this casino. There isn't too much smoking going on and you don't smell it everywhere you go like at other casinos. The crowd is definitely different here, more classy, and I can definitely appreciate that. Didn’t use their pool since we ended up going to the pool parties at Tao and the Hard Rock instead. But the pool at the Wynn looked very nice and less rowdy than in other places.The hotel is located at a great location. Next to the Venetian and right across from the Mall.I’ve stayed at a few other hotels in Vegas. Would definitely stay at the Wynn again!	
Sep 9 2009 	Excellant Hotel - Loved every minute of our stay....	Stayed in the Wynn for 5 nights and its got to be one of the nicest hotels I have ever stayed in. Rooms where beautiful with views to die for. Beds where super comfortable and if it hadn't been for being in Vegas I would have spent more time there. Maid service excellent with rooms spotlessly clean daily. Would highly recommend the Wynns show Le Reve, one of the best in town. Cannot rate this hotel enough - excellent trip and will defiantly stay there again.	
Sep 8 2009 	The whole experience was great. We had a problem at check-in the staff did a great job to resovle this issue.	The room was great and the linen the best, so comfortable, The bath was wow, I wanted to take it home. The vaule was above and beyond what we both expected. My wife commeded me on my choice of hotels. We will be back later this year,Mr. Wynn thak you and you staff for the hospitality. I look forward to playing the golf course when I come back. See you soon, Charles &amp; Venita Lee	
Sep 8 2009 	Faultless	I am not in the habit of giving exceptional reviews as in my experience most hotels let themselves down in some way. I have been wracking my brains to think of some problem with this hotel but I simply can't think of one. The Tower suites were faultless.We did have a problem at check-in but subsequently we have realised it was our mistake not theirs. However rather than ignore our self-made problem they did all they could to find a room for the booking we thought we had made. We ended up with one Tower Suite room and one normal Wynn room both on the same floor which was great.The parlour suite in the Tower Suites was amazing - huge lounge, bedroom and bathroom, great views over the strip, really nice decor. The normal room was larger than most and although the decor was a bit naff it was still a great room.The staff really made you feel special and treated you as an individual - amazing considering how large the hotel is. The two separate pools for the Tower Suites were great and much quieter than the normal pool. The gaming staff were helpful. The pool staff could be a bit erratic - some days they were serving you instantly, others you could not get their attention however hard you tried.Everywhere was pristine clean. Our rooms were serviced extremely well - the most consistent servicing in all the 7 hotels we stayed in during our 3 week holiday.We loved the position - very handy to be next to the Venetian and opposite the mall even if you are a bit out of the centre of the strip.We just had an amazing time staying there and would certainly return. Free internet would be a good improvement though!	
Sep 8 2009 	Great Hotel But...	The Wynn is a great property. The rooms are very nice, and the view was fantastic. I travel to Vegas about 3 times a year (mostly for pleasure), and have stayed at 10 different hotels on the Vegas Strip, and the Wynn is probably #1 out of the hotels I've stayed at (and I primarly only stay at 4+ hotels in Vegas, just to qualify this statement).My only issue with the Wynn was the check-in. They need to change how people line up to check in. Currently, you line up in one of 6 to 12 lines (at each check-in desk). So if you are lucky enough to be in a quick line then there are no problems, but unfortunately that never seems to happen, and a check-in that should have not have taken more then 10 minutes took 30 (this would be a non-issue if you arrive at the hotel very late or very early in the day when not many people are checking-in). They really need to change this to a single file line, and that way everyone will be in a que, and you would avoid these situations. Would I stay at the Wynn again? I would definately stay there and again, and again, and again (but, if I had to wait another 30 minutes to check-in, it would definately change my opinion about returning).	
Sep 7 2009 	Can't wait to return to the Wynn!	We arrived Friday night at 11 PM and check-in was a breeze...no more than 5 minutes to get our keys. We were offered an upgrade for an extra $25/night to get a room on the 31st floor with a view of the strip. We decided to get it and wow, the view was beautiful, definitely worth it, especially at night! We went up to our room and loved the set up. The room is spacious and the bathroom is big and beautiful. It has a sunken tub - very romantic - a seperate shower, his and her sinks and a separate toilet area. The bed and pillows were the most comfortable we'd ever experienced. The curtains open by pressing a button by the bed. We really liked the small TV in the bathroom and we liked the way the TV was set up so you could turn it to face the bed or the small sofa. We didn't eat at the Wynn, so no comment on that, but the gambling was good. Although the Wynn has much higher minimums, you also win more than at other casinos. You can find tables during the day with $25 minimums though which isn't too bad, but if you are inexperienced, then you may want to visit other hotels, such as Harrah's, etc. The staff was all very nice. Our only complaint is that the cocktail waitresses don't come around enough when you are playing. We found that to be an issue at all the casinos we visited though. It's a shame to be spending so much money gambling and not even get offered one drink. The service was pretty good at the Wynn though once they came around once to offer you a drink.The air is the best at this casino. There isn't too much smoking going on and you don't smell it everywhere you go like at other casinos. I agree with another reviewer which stated that the crowd is different here, definitely more classy and we can definitely appreciate that. Overall it was a pleasant stay and we definitely would like to return to the Wynn. We are between the ages of 24 and 33 and this hotel was perfect for us.	
Sep 7 2009 	The 5-star rating is a total joke and not a funny one.	I was really looking forward to my stay at the Wynn so perhaps part of the problem was they had too far to fall. We checked in on a Thursday and walked right into the registration room without a line. After the girl pulled up the registration she said that they were at 80% capacity and out of rooms with two double beds (in the entire 2,700 room hotel) and despite having booked a room with two double beds we would have to make do with a king bed. If I were at the Quality Inn, I wouldn't have batted an eye at this, but here I was at a supposed 5-Star establishment where this sort of oversight is unacceptable. I told her this and she said that since we booked through a third party (Southwest Vacations) they were unable to honor the exact room type specified. Yet, reality was elusive, you don’t have to be an economist to figure out the only reason a &quot;5-Star&quot; hotel had 80% capacity in a recession was because they were selling rooms at cheaper rates through third-parties. I asked her what she could do to make it up to us since this was not what we reserved and if I had wished to stay at the Imperial Palace I would have saved my money and booked there in the first place (and gotten two beds). I told her I specifically paid extra and chose the Wynn because it was a 5-Star hotel. She told me she would waive the fee for a roll away twin bed. She thought this was a grand display of customer service. I told her I was not in any way satisfied and needed to speak to her supervisor. As we waited, the people checking in on both sides of us, groups of 3+ guys, were told the same thing we were, that the double bed rooms were booked and they would have to all share a king bed. I wonder how that turned out. After the supervisor came she told us the same thing but said in addition to not charging us for the roll away twin bed she would also upgrade the room's view to the 39th floor. I don't care about the view, I’m in Vegas, I’m not planning on staying in the room staring longingly out the window, especially in my luxurious twin roll-away bed. I mean, throw me a bone, a free breakfast coupon or something so I feel like the hotel is genuinely trying to work with me. I told her I was still not satisfied and she said she did all she could and left. We took our room cards and I complained yet again to a customer service representative trying to help people get to the correct desk. He told me the same thing I had already been hearing. We went up to the room which was spacious, because it needs to be to hold another twin bed when they run out of two bed rooms. Everything was very clean. The bathroom is very nice with two vanity areas and a tv in the wall, a soaking tub and a nice shower that didn’t drain but maintenance came up immediately and fixed it. It also had a separate room for the potty. There was a big full length mirror in the hallway which was useful. They gave you robes to use during your visit. The tv in the main room was temperamental and slow to respond. The best part was when it didn't work for express check out. I called Southwest Vacations who also told us that since they were a third-party the Wynn could take our reservation but were not required to hold the reservation as it was made and yes, that really is the most important part of the reservation...the holding. They notified me that there was no wait-list for cancellations or anything of that sort, it would be my responsibility to call to see if a two bed reservation didn't show up (he recommended I call around 2 in the morning for this), not theirs to check for me to see if the room I reserved was available and therefore notify me. At that point I gave up. I was going to stay in a 5-star hotel and sleep in what can only be described as the &quot;Hannibal Lecter of beds” wheeled up and strapped in as if it could not be trusted outside of our room. When I saw it sitting in the middle of the room I wanted to take it back to the door to pick up speed and wheel it right through the full length windows. Oh yeah, the full length windows were nice too. Thus began the &quot;Nickel and Dimeing of the Wynn&quot;. Although most truck stops in America offer free wifi, the Wynn does not. The Wynn charges you $13.99 PER 24 HOUR PERIOD! We were also charged another $2 fax service which was never explained but they took it off the bill (or they told me they did) because that is the excellent customer service they have at the Wynn. The first night we decided to go to the clubs Blush and Tryst at the hotel so we wanted to get dinner there as well to save time. We wanted sushi and the concierge recommended Wazuzu. The sushi prices were laughable; I actually took a picture of the menu. My friend ordered chicken lo mein which ran her over $20. She said it was not even on par with the Chinese food at the food court. Drinks were around $15. Luckily we got into both Blush and Tryst for free and skipped the line (just make friends with the promo people who either work at the hotel or walk around looking for semi-attractive people to fill the clubs, they can hook you up anywhere you want to go). Blush was lame and never had a lot of energy. Tryst was a joke, the definition of pretentiousness with absolutely nothing to back it up and only a few tiny bars to get drinks. They packed patrons in like cattle but apparently the cattle were so happy to be mooing it up in the confines of the Wynn and saw themselves as the chosen few, proud to stand in line for 20 minutes to pay $8 for a beer. From that point on we went to clubs in other hotels and didn't venture to try XS. After that we refused to spend any more money at the Wynn since they did nothing to deserve it. As I said, express check out through the tv was out of service when we left on Sunday and when we went to registration at noon, check out time, the entire room was full and there was a line all the way back to the front doors. There was a poor girl standing in the middle of the room with a clipboard who physically wrote down your email address and room number to send you your bill later so you could effectively “check out” without waiting in the ridiculous line. That was pretty ghetto for a 5-Star hotel that knew they had 80% capacity checking out on Sunday and tv check out was unavailable. The bell boys held our bags for a few hours before we took the cab back to the airport. The bottom line is, unless you are a high roller or bought a suite at full price through the Wynn, this hotel does nothing to deserve its 5-Star reputation. Customer service was elusive and we were routinely treated with disinterest, as if we were lucky to be staying at such an overpriced and over hyped hotel. Even more interesting is that although the tables had $25 minimums, this was clearly not a high class refuge for big spenders. Each night as we left the elevators to go out we were cat-called from the tables. This place does not effectively keep out the riff-raff. If you are looking for a 5-star experience, I would recommend the Bellagio. Not only does it have better customer service, it also has a much better location on the strip, the Wynn is at the very end and they cancelled their monorail service to keep people from leaving easily. I was treated better when I stayed at Treasure Island and the Mirage. You choose where you spend your money, don’t pay extra to just be frustrated by inferior service. There are too many places to stay on the strip that are not just as good but better than the Wynn.	
Sep 7 2009 	Best Hotel in Las Vegas	Everything was BEST, Try to get an good deal price with Trip Advisor and stay here instead of the other crowded Las Vegas Hotels	
Sep 7 2009 	By far the best hotel on the strip	I have stayed in several hotels on the Strip and the Wynn is in league of its own! The staff is very helpful, the hotel itself is gorgeous and you can see that this hotel is not owed by the MGM and still has a real 'Boss'. The amazing attention to details has made our one week stay a real treat. We stayed at the Wynn with a group of 10 people and all of us (including many frequent business travellers) were impressed. - You HAVE to try Japanse retaurant, the shashumi is sublime- Some of us had dinner at Wing Lei and were not terribly impressed though- The steak at the country club is pricey but second to none- The table service the Blush is very pricey and I would not recommend it. try XS insteadAll in all there is a great variety of restaurants and although they are iot cheap, they are great value for money compared to the resturants in other big hotels in Vegas.The Wynn is not the place to go low stakes tables but the dealers are nice and relaxed (especially at the Encore).All in all, by FAR the best hotel on the strip and well worth every penny. I though the promotional spile saying the Wynn is about discovery was marketing talk but it's actually true, the architecture of the place really allows you to enjoy a different ambiance in different areas.PS: the bed was SO good, we bought one :-)	
Sep 7 2009 	By far the best hotel on the strip	I was offered a $25 upgrade to the 56th floor and the view of the strip was amazing. The room was far better than I expected and was much bigger than the photos make them look. I arrived at around 2pm and had no wait to check in. The staff were very friendly and made me feel really welcome. I loved the pool area and could have easily spent all day there. The only problem I now have is which hotel to stay in next time as nothing will live up to the Wynn.	
Sep 4 2009 	Fabulous view and supremely comfy bed.	We flew into Las Vegas and were heading out to Phoenix, but spent one night at the Wynn. Check-in was fast and efficient and we were given a room on the 28th floor. We had a view over the golf course and mountains in the distance. This was a standard room, but was huge with the most comfortable bed I've ever found in a hotel. We didn't eat dinner, but breakfast the next morning was superb and good value. The casino was smaller than expected and a little claustrophobic with low ceilings.	
Sep 4 2009 	Some things are changing at the wynn	I stayed at the wynn Aug 17-22. I've stayed there about eight times in the past few years. I got a discount in the mail for $119 a night. What a bargain, I couldn't pass it up. On this trip I noticed a few changes though. I checked in on a sunday and the check in room was packed. When I got through the line, the actual check was a breeze and the person was polite, professional. She said since it was a sunday, everyone who came in for the weekend usually check out then. That was why it's so busy. My room was on the 15th floor. It was clean, cool and nice. The first change I noticed from previous trips. There were printed out cards from the wynn all over the room. The one in the bathroom stated that if you want to use the same towels again, then hang them up. If you do that, then housekeeping wouldn't replace them. If you wanted new ones each day, then put them in the tub, then they'll replace them. The card on the nightstand stated that the same sheets on the bed would be used for your entire trip unless you called housekeeping and requested new ones each day. Another thing which really bugged me was the sportsbook said that they now require you to bet atleast $300 on sporting events to get a drink ticket. On horse racing you can bet $10, (yes, ten dollars) and get a drink ticket. In my opinion this is crazy. In two days I bet $500 and only got one ticket. I quit betting there and went to the Hilton instead. Other than that I loved the wynn and will stay there again for sure. I just won't make any sports bets there.	
Sep 2 2009 	Very Very Nice	One night stay to come in and meet friends to see Beyonce in concert. We all had a great time. The hotel is beautiful. Looks like it is still brand new. The rooms are spacious, clean and absolutely perfectly appointed. I was very impressed with every last detail. The handles on the doors were custom, the faucets, wallpaper all completely first class.Also, surprisingly, the air did not smell that smokey. They must have an amazing air filter system. We had a lovely stay.	
Sep 2 2009 	what a view!	We were staying for 3 nights in a standard room with 2 queen beds and had the view on the golf course and the airport. Just great! Opening the curtains in the morning by pressing a button close to the bed and seeing the incoming planes throught the glass wall is just a great way to start your day. Valet parking is complimentary so the first contact with the hotel was positive. Unfortunately, the check-in area is way too small for a hotel of this size. We arrived Sunday afternoon and the place was just crowded. It took half an hour until we were at the desk, however, staff is very friendly.Room service is ok but not very attentive. Some old glasses from the pre-occupants were still standing at the table after we left...Rooms, however, are very spacey, even the regular ones. Especially the bathroom with additional TV screen and a &quot;night light&quot; (very convenient!). Plasma TV set of course and a well stuffed MiniBar. Concierge Service was very helpful with booking the trip to Grand Canyon.Best, however, are the restaurants! We were at the Chinese and the Japanese one (live cooking) as the 2 Michelin star Restaurant was unfortunately closed. Our most favourite one was the Italian where we got a table on the patio. And even if the temperature was supposed to be at around 105F the patio was cooled down to about 75F but just letting the doors from the restaurant open. I mean, hey, thanks for the great service but even for me as a non-tree-hugger that waste of energy seems to be just a little bit too much...No wonder that price levels in the restaurant are on the upper side of the scale. $100 per person is easily spend on 3 courses and some wine.The pool area is great and in the afternoon, part of it is in the shadow so you can actually lie there without being BBQed...I asked about Golf green fee and was told $300 during the week and one guest mentioned its $500 on the weekend. That it way too much I'd say, especially during sommer months where it is too to play anyway...	
Sep 1 2009 	Magnificent in every way - one of the best hotel experiences ever!	I've traveled the world and in my 40's hate to admit that this was my first trip to Vegas. Other than the long check-in which almost set us off to a bad start, the extremely nice hosts offered an upgrade to a suite (his &amp; her bathrooms) for only $100 more per night. We had such a great deal coming from NY, it was a no-brainer. The hotel itself is beautiful, the service was excellent, the amenities couldn't have been better. We loved the views, the sunken tub (which was particularly romantic with the plasma on the &quot;Wynn&quot; station piping in the perfect great vibe for tunes- in fact I called the front desk to ask if they sold CD's and was informed that I was the tenth caller to ask). Anyway, we were there for 3 nights and could care less about any other property, but the first night we had dinner at David Burke's at the Venetian and that was also incredible, and the walk back to the Wynn outside at night, even in the heat, was pretty amazing with the waterfalls and sights and sounds. I couldn't have imagined any better hotel experience. We spent a significant amount of time in our room and it was beautifully appointed, bed was sooooo comfy and just elegant furnishings. 2nd night we saw Le Reve, which was enjoyable. We ate at Sushi Samba (it was good, but we like our local favorite place better). On our last night we cabbed it (avoiding the Strip) to our reservations at Aureole's - pretty disappointing, would have expected a bit better for the price. We also had a few Vodkas at Minus 5 ice bar. It was OK - fun to do once, spent the extra $20 for the fake fur, but our 45 minutes was over $100 for 2 drinks each (did get to sample 1 or 2 others, but hey, it was Vegas. We didn't care for Mandalay casino or resort frankly and couldn't wait to get back to our place. Think if you're looking for more sophisticated adult fun, the Wynn has it all. The adult pool was perfect too, attractive crowd, great service, music and plenty of chaises (very plush). If you are looking for wild and crazy and are under 30, please go somewhere else! ***Helpful hint ***... we asked the taxi driver as soon as we landed at the airport to stop at the closest liquor store - we stocked up with our favorite vodkas and bottles of Red. This is especially helpful if you want to enjoy time in your room and save big $$$ to use at the tables! Oh, we're not buffet people, but we did have lunch there - it was REALLY good.	
Sep 1 2009 	Pure luxury	I stayed here with my boyfriend for 4 nights to celebrate a special birthday. The hotel was amazing. It’s extremely stylish and very modern with all the amenities you would expect from a 5 star hotel. The room was beautiful with a huge bed and a window that stretched from the floor to the ceiling. Our view mostly consisted of the shopping mall opposite and some of the Treasure Island hotel. We were offered a room higher up but at a cost! The bathroom was extremely spacious with his &amp; hers sinks. Every item in the room is tailor made for the hotel. You can even purchase the bathrobes, towels and pillows in the shop on the ground floor. The casino is beautiful, although the minimum bets on each table were higher than in some of the other hotels. If you are an inexperienced gambler it’s probably better to have a go during the day when the tables are less busy. You can even ask the croupier to help you if you are learning a game for the first time. There is a feel of exclusivity at the hotel which is reflected in its shops; Oscar de la Renta, Alexander McQueen, Manolo Blahnik &amp; Ferrari (it costs $10 per person just to view the cars). There are many good restaurants and café’s. Terrace Point café is the best but the buffet is also very good. It’s slightly more expensive than other hotels buffets but you get what you pay for.I would recommend this hotel for people looking for an indulgent trip away, perhaps for a special occasion. Whether it’s because the hotel doesn’t contain any tourist attractions like the others do (that is, rollercoaster’s, zoo’s etc.) or whether it’s because of its position on the strip, you can instantly feel calm when entering this hotel and just for a few hours get to escape the madness that is Las Vegas baby!	
Sep 1 2009 	huge bathroom	Best part was the huge bathroom. I've only seen equivalent bathrooms in Asian hotels. Also, there's a large HDTV in the bedroom.There are lots of stylishly dressed people in the casino. Women were wearing cocktail dresses and evening gowns at 10 a.m., and they didn't look as if they'd been up all night in them. Worst part was the hallway carpet (see attached photo). What were they thinking? Food was mixed. The Michelin-starred Daniel Boulud was good but not great. The buffet was very good - best meal we had there. The Terrace Cafe for breakfast had small, overly salted dishes with oddly shaped plates that made my fork slip off everytime I put it down.	
Aug 31 2009 	loved the Wynn	We stayed here for 3 nights and had a wonderful time. The hotel is gorgeous down to the last detail. The room was nice, not over the top but very nice and clean. The bathrooms were great with a nice steam shower and huge tub. There were floor to ceiling windows looking over part of the strip and out to the mountains. The curtains were electric and it got pitch black when closed which was great. Another great perk was that the rooms were silent. We didn't hear a peep from any other guests, maid carts, showers...nothing. It was great. There was lots to do and see in the hotel. The buffett was awesome and well worth the money. We did some gambling there and the free drinks were plentiful and delicious. The table minimums were higher so we mostly walked to TI or went elsewhere for most of our gambling. Didn't get to check out the restaurants but hope to next time. Also hope to check out Le Reve...looks amazing. can't wait to go back, will definitely stay here again.	
Aug 31 2009 	A great hotel	Everything is top notch. Nothing bad to say. I hotwired a deal for $150 a night. So the price was great too.	
Aug 31 2009 	Beautiful Hotel 	Very nice hotel &amp; casino. The whole hotel and restaurant are amazing. However, there are few minor points that should be considered: 1) they are serious regarding the 3pm check in time. We arrived at 1:30pm and told that we had to wait to check in until 3pm, because we requested a room with two beds, and they only have limited amount of them and they were not clean yet. We were told that they would call us when the room became available. However at 4:30pm, we still did not receive a call, and went back to the front desk and when we inquired about the room, they told us that the rooms with 2 beds go quickly and we are lucky to have gotten one. I asked about the phone call, and the front desk told me that they were getting around to calling the people when they had a free minute. 2) the rooms with two beds only have 2 full/double size beds. Not queens. It seems odd, considering there is enough room to put two queen beds in there and every other hotel on the strip has two queen beds.After the check in issues, the hotel is great. Everyone there is very nice and always addresses you and asks how you are doing. They are liberal with the comps, however, they do not give out line passes for the buffet, unless you are staying at the Tower Suites, surprising, considering how much I gambled there and could not get a line pass. The food there was excellent. If you have a chance eat at the SW steakhouse and stay to watch the lake of dreams. The food at the SW is amazing and the show is great to watch.We also saw the show &quot;Le Reve&quot;, it is a fast paced water show, similar to &quot;O&quot;. However, if I had to choose between &quot;Le Reve&quot; and &quot;O&quot; I would choose &quot;O&quot;. &quot;Le Reve&quot; was good, but confusing at times and the story was not always clear, plus not as much acrobatics or &quot;ah&quot; moments as other shows I have seen.The hotel room was always clean and immaculate, the bathrooms in the rooms were tremendous and the person I was staying with loved the make-up mirror, so much so that she wound up buying one. The beds were really comfortable as were the pillows.The food was great, the buffet had a lot of choices and the food was fresh. The Terrace point cafe was also good, and reasonably priced for Vegas. If you go there, you have to order 2 things, the raspberry french toast, and the German sour cream coffee cake, both are amazing and a meal unto themselves, and well worth the price. The coffee cake was shared by our whole table, and everyone wanted to order another one for later in the day.I would definitely recommend staying at the Wynn. It is on the North end of the strip, but has all amenities of a mid-strip hotel, but does not have all the tourists walking through the gaming area like the Bellagio.	
Aug 30 2009 	Very nice - not over the top as we anticipated...	We just returned from three nights at Wynn Las Vegas. It is no doubt a beautiful property. However, based on all the “Wynn hype” I had higher expectations of the actual guest room – I was not “wowed” by it. It was nice and clean, but it was just a room. Nothing over the top. TheHotel @ Mandalay Bay, the Signature @ MGM, and the newer Palm’s tower rooms are still my favorites for overall style and comfort. We did have a great view of the strip from the 39th floor. That alone was worth the price of the average Resort King room.The Wynn pools are to die for – very beautiful with plenty of seating and shade. I loved that they have an adult only pool with no additional cover charge – no screaming, splashing kids. Yea!We had dinner at SW (for Steve Wynn) Steakhouse and we are pretty sure it’s the best dining experience we have ever had in Vegas. The food and service were “over the top”.Plus I absolutely love the funky night time shows that occur every 30 min on the big white wall on the “lake of dreams”. Even if you don’t stay or dine at Wynn – have a $16 cocktail on the lake of dreams patio and enjoy the show. I love the giant singing frog and the floating fornicating balls the best. Funny, weird, and very imaginative.We went to see “Peep Show” at Planet Hollywood and really enjoyed it. If you are looking for a relevant and modern Las Vegas “girly show” this one works. Very entertaining and well done production. We definitely enjoyed our stay at Wynn and would return if the price is right. Although I would not pay top dollar – if another deal comes around I would jump on it.Have fun. Viva Las Vegas baby!	
Aug 30 2009 	Nice place. Pricey.	Stayed Wed-Sat on 26th floor facing strip. Check in was rough but was expecting it from all of the reviews. Maybe 30 minute wait so not too bad. Was given a room right at 12 so nothing to complain about. We did notice the uniforms were old school. Color was bad and the style was awful. My wife felt bad for them. Service was good from the start.Room was impressive, dug the layout. People have complained of the salmon walls, well this is only in the hallways, not the rooms. View was of Treasure Island which isn't the coolest except you do have a view of fireworks every now and then. Also a view of the Lake of Dream which is pretty cool. Other than that it's mtns and Palazzo which takes away your strip view.Gambling- we had our rears handed to us. But still enjoyed playing. Minimums weren't as high as people made it sound on here. I did see some $10 tables and $15 on the weekend. We played rapid roulette for $5 min which was a lot of fun. Won big on the $5 WOF slots...eventually lost it at the tables. Dealers and casino employees were very friendly, everyone I interacted with down here was sharp. One foreign gent at our roulette table played 3 rounds incorrectly and Chad the dealer instructed him each time how to play properly and meet the minimum. After the 3rd time he told him the guy went off and flew from the table when the pit boss asked to see the guys players card. I imagine these are the folks who complain on tripadvisor about service. Look out for that guy. Chad handled as best he could. Players card$50 comp on meals at end of trip and 2 free buffetts. I had racked up 1300 points or so on the card.FoodStratta night one was ok. Great service, food was very rich. Country Club. Again, great service and cool view. Quiet dining for a Friday night. Sat on the patio afterwards and felt like we werent in Vegas, very relaxing. The mall across the street rocks. Save some money on lunches and go here.The buffet was good. THis is the only place where service was poor. But hey, it's a freakin buffet. They were Luby's workers...nothing against Luby's employees but picture them working @ the Wynn. Give them a break and don't bash then Wynn over the buffet.TrystHit Tryst Thursday night and its just enjoyable to watch pretentious dudes and girls who land these guys all night long. So we arrived in line @ 9:30. Watched 20 guys in suits prepare for their evening of bouncing. Strutting their power back and forth ignoring everyone and plugging their ear pieces and wrist mics in. 10:15 doors opened and we went in. Cool to get in early as you can take some pics by the waterfall. Drinks were pricey but were very good. As one of the first couples in we were privy to viewing the operation. 2 groups of about 30 guys stroll in and get situated at their tables. Guys looked to be &quot;Jersey&quot;, spiked hair, ear rings, tanning booths, graphic tees and jeans (which I didn't think were allowed), and they all piles into these booths. Pretty funny. Then groups of 5 or 6 would come in and get their tables and bottle service. After about 30 minutes of guys getting situated Tryst would then allow the ladies to come in. And this is where the action began to take place. Very entertaining. Music was good, would have preferred more House or Euro but the place seemed to enjoy what was going on. We left around 1:30 or 2 and the line was still maybe 100 deep at this point. We were impressed that as pretentious as this place was, the employees were incredibly nice. Bouncers, bartenders, and table girls/ boys were all very attentive and cool. I would figure after working there the guys would get a little tired of jackarses and would have a very short fuse. So kudos to the employees here.Pool was cool. Never an issue in finding a chair. Fun crowd to watch as well. Each day we hit the European pool/ no kids here.We would go back to the Wynn....just expect if you're eating here to spend a lot of money.Travishttp://travisodee.wordpress.com	
Aug 29 2009 	Ultra stylist with a cold sterile edge	Second visit to the Wynn in two years,first time just viewing this time we actually stayed the night (part of a package to see Beyonce )Without question the hotel is stylish Beautiful decorations,high end shopping and a Ferrari shop ! ...But !The whole place feels like Steve Wynn,s life.Undoubtable Mr.Wynn has a fantastic lifestyle and lots of money,and good look to him but I do not particularly want to pay to experience the same.I want my own experience.Dont get me wrong the staff are friendly and courteous but they just seem to be going through the motions,it almost feels that the hotel is in Stepford rather than Vegas.After the obligatory night we transfered to the Bellagio which was great.Last year we stayed at the Four Seasons which is in another league.Summary : Liked : Tableau restaurant (see my seperate review ),bar overlooking the lake ,the room.Disliked : Paying heavily for everything.Sterile atmosphereGreat place to buy diamonds or a Ferrari,but not a holiday experience !	
Aug 27 2009 	Not as good as it could have been.	Steve Wynn knows what he is doing but there are just a few things which could have made this just so much better.Firstly, the check-in and check-out process is madness. A more streamlined process needs to be adopted asap. I understand that this is a busy hotel and we were there over the weekend but a better way is surely available. The rooms are fantastic, large, clean, high-tech. The upgrade strip view simply not worth it. I believe the &quot;tower rooms&quot; are so much nicer and if you can afford an extra $100-$200 USD a night for that a special occassion I would opt for one. Check out the Wynn site and see the extra perks. We were on floor 26 with a strip view and it was nice, not the best I have ever seen. If you are used to good 5 star the Wynn won't rock your world. It is a great strip hotel, but is it the best? I don't know, maybe Wynn Encore has learn't from the original Wynn.The food options were great, the drinks whilst gambling were plentiful and strong and with a constant tip of a few dollars they flowed all night. one thing which needs to be mentioned is that we struggled to find a blackjack table of less than $25 USD per hand min on Friday and Saturday night. I didn't see too much action on the $100 - $500 tables which were everywhere on the main floor.Good valet and they either din't charge us for v alet or we simply got three days free. Is so, something!! I didn't feel like a king at this hotel but it wouldn't stop me from staying again. Mixed feelings over the Wynn but hey, I'm picky.....Still one of the better hotels in Las Vegas.	
Aug 26 2009 	Great Rooms Bland Food	We stayed 2 nights &amp; room was great, overlooking the strip. We went to the nightclubs at Wynn &amp; XS which were beautiful, but the people in them, reminded me of gangs &amp; a lot of riff-raff. For the prices of the drinks &amp; the people there, I wouln't return. We also atebreakfast by the pool at the Wynn, $40 for bacon &amp; eggs &amp; when I ordered a bellini,the waiter came back &amp; said they were out!!! How can they be out of booze in Vegas?Took forever to get the breakfast..go elsewhere for food.. the food was bland when it finally arrived.	
Aug 25 2009 	Weddings at the Wynn are 1st class all the way!	My fiance (husband) and I wanted to do a fun destination wedding! We decided on Las Vegas! My parents had never been to Vegas but were totally on board, even after we told them we wanted to get married within 6 weeks of our engagement. With my job it was either get married in 6 weeks or wait a year! My mom got right on Trip Advisor and was obsessed with the wedding planning. &quot;No daughter of hers would get married by Elvis&quot;. :) My husband and I were pretty indifferent on where we were to wed. Mom found the Wynn on Trip Advisor had the best reviews. She pitched the idea to me and I remembered that a sorority sister of mine got married there 2 years ago. I contacted my sorority sister and she said I must get married there and that I had to have the wedding planner Cabriole Kashan! My mom contacted Cabriole and in a matter of 2 phone calls and 10 emails our wedding was planned! She was amazing! We arrived in Vegas on Thursday, rehearsal on Friday and we were married on Saturday in the Primrose Courtyard. Everything went so smooth! It was beautiful. The courtyard was outside, in August, the temp was 105 degrees right before I walked down the aisle but no one seemed to be bothered with the heat! I had Mani/Pedi, makeup, and hair all done at the Spa in the Wynn. The staff was so upbeat and made me feel very relaxed on my big day! The catering department at the Wynn and Encore did the rehearsal dinner and reception. The food was out of this world! Our wedding cake was beautiful and not to mention it was the BEST wedding cake I have ever tasted! 40 of our friends and family came from all over the US to be there on our special day. It was no stress and lots of fun. If you are looking for a FUN yet CLASSY location, Wynn Hotel is the the way to go!	
Aug 24 2009 	Tower Suites are first class - Salon suite was incredible	I agree with many of the reviews about the tower Suites at Wynn. We stayed 2 nights in a Salon Suite on a weekend. The tower section is so exclusive and it is a completely different experience from the chaos of the resort rooms. Everything is top notch from the entrance with the goldfish pond, to the check-in experience with cold towels and water, to the waiting areas, to the rooms themselves. We never rode the elevator with other people until our last day. We never saw another guest on our floor either. It really feels like private apartment living. The pictures of the Salon Suite speak for themselves. It was amazing.The gem was the restaurant Tableau which is located within the Tower Suites area. The breakfast was incredibly good, yet expensive. The french toast was the best I've ever had. I imagine that you can eat there even if you aren't staying in the tower. We had lunch at Red8 and the food was good, but the service was terrible. We also ate at the buffet on Saturday night around 8:30p or 9p. The line was huge and all the way to the hallway. Thankfully the Tower room key gets you a VIP line pass to everything in Wynn and Encore. We didn't have to wait at all. The food was great and the choices were amazing. I think Bellagio's buffet might still be better though.The service here was impeccable. We were actually addressed by name a few times, which never happens to us in Vegas.	
Aug 23 2009 	Wonderful!	Wonderful! How could I think different? The building facade say much about the hotel: spectacular. The high headroom and the floor-to-ceiling windows gives a great space sensation. The wide bathroom, the comfortable bed, the pools amid gardens... Everything is perfect.	
Aug 23 2009 	Not as expected froM a 5 star hotel	I have stayed at almost all of the top hotels I. Vegas and I have. To say this is the worst. I really look forward to it since it was the only 5 diamond hotel on the strip. But does not live up to the name. The room itself is nice. Expected. But the noise level is sooo bad I would never stay there again. The XS Club at Encore is beneath both hotels and you can hear he thumpig ofthe music even until 5am. When I complained to the front desk, they said &quot;what do you expect, it's Vegas?!&quot; what kind of answer is that!?!? For a 5star hotel, the LEAST I expect is to get a good night's sleep. what else is more important than that? Then after the music finally stopped our next room neighbor who I suspectI won't be around this weekend but will be here next Monday.  Let me know when you want to come by. just came from the club started yellIng and screaming. I called the front desk again. After an hour thyfinally sent security to shut them up. They did offer to change rooms for us but we opted not to since the club wasn't open that night and it's a pain to have to put everythng back into our luggages and move. My biggest dissatisfaction is the way the staff handled complains. Things happen, but it's how you salvage it that's important. They completely dropped the ball. I would not stay there again. I prefer the Palazzo over it any day!!!	
Aug 23 2009 	tower suites - oh my goodness!!	When we would go to vegas, we stayed at the 4 seasons. we have now found a new place. We had a one bedroom in the tower suites. There is a MAJOR difference between the tower suites and the regular hotel. Tower suites has a separate pool, separate non smoking entrance, separate non smoking restaurant, separate area to enter the spa and front of the buffet line passes. We had a one bedroom, one and one-half bathroom, which was extremely spacious for the two of us, overlooking the strip. The bathroom was very roomy. Small walk in closet, small stall shower with seat. We did have maintenance issues that were quickly addressed. The location cannot be beat across from the mall, across the street from walgreens and the palazzo and venetian, and across the street from treasure island. The hotel itself plays soft, jazzy type music throughout the casino giving it a classy and elegant feel. The deli is open until 4 am. Room service is 24 hrs. The coffee bar and gift shop are 24 hrs. I was playing nickel and penny machines and was constantly offered drinks - whatever i wanted. The one area that i felt was lacking is the spa. There were no full lounge chairs anywhere in the womens area, just regular chairs, so i found it hard to really relax. Also nowhere in the womens area are the lights dim which would naturally encourage relaxation. The jacuzzi area has bright natural outdoor lights. The coed relaxation area has chairs and bright lights. The hotel charges $30 which enables you to use the gym and spa relaxation areas. Next time i will head to bellagio spa or canyon ranch when i want to relax. The hotel itself is beautiful. The floors, the carpeting, the bathrooms are all very elegant. I never had a chance to go over to encore, but many people told me it was also beautiful. The hotel has a topless pool just beyond the casino and food area at the main pool. This separate pool is very well hidden. There is a sign indicating that no one under 21 was allowed. if we didn't know about it we never would have found it. From the outside you would think that it is just an outdoor casino area with a bar. And then beyond that area is the topless area. There are cabanas for rent at $400 per day in the tower suites. I don't know what they charge at the regular pool. They also have these loungers in the water that you can rent at the topless pool. I don't know what they charge for those.	
Aug 23 2009 	Overall good hotel great introduction to Vegas	Stayed at Wynn for one night during May. Picked up great deal on hotwire for $109.00US.Everything is expensive in the hotel, including the mini bar (water at $8). Just get supplies from the Pharmacy below the Palazzo across the road!We had a room overlooking the strip, about halfway up. Very nice rooms, clean and huge bathroom - all 5star standards! Only negative was we could hear the disco playing at 3am in the morning some 25 floors below!!! Also the pool area closes at around 6pm or so... no idea why??? Maybe they want you to spend more time in the casino!!!! Join the players club and get free credit! Overall a good experience but if management is reading this... please keep the pool area open longer... we promise to gamble just the same!!!!!!	
Aug 22 2009	Overall a great experience.	This is simply a beautiful hotel. We had two rooms, one for our adult children and one for us. The rooms were spacious, clean, and well appointed. The quality of the linens and accessories was top notch. I don't know if I have ever had better housekeeping service.Pool areas were very nice; my only complaint would be that they closed at 7 PM during the weekday (including the hot tub); it would have seemed reasonable to leave at least one pool open until 10 PM. Pool service was outstanding.Restaurant and drink prices were as expected for a hotel of this caliber. We did buy snacks and bottled water at the Walgreens down the street and left the mini/snack bar untouched. There was no coffee maker in the room so we brought a little one cup travel maker. Internet was extra (as it seemed to be in all upper level Vegas hotels). The business center was free for checking in with your airline and printing boarding passes but $15 for 15 minutes otherwise.We did not use the fitness center but we saw that it was large and well equipped.Check in and check out was fast and efficient, as was valet parking. All in all, a great experience.	
Aug 21 2009 	1 Star Service at 5 Star Prices	We spent 3 nights at the Wynn from Friday to Sunday. The hotel, my room, and the view (52nd floor) we had were beautiful. But, the service was terrible for a supposed 5 star hotel. Here are some examples:1. It took 4 phone calls and 5 hours to get extra pillows. I made the initial request at 5pm when also reporting a burnt out light bulb on the desk lamp. Finally at 11:30 and calling for the 4th time, I canceled my request and decided to just go to bed. Of course, 5 minutes later I was awakened by a knock on the door and the pillows then arrived.2. We were gone most of the day on Saturday and returned to find our room had not been cleaned. We called the front desk and were told the maids have until 9pm to clean the rooms and that if we wanted rooms cleaned in the morning we should call and schedule it. 3. Check in and check out were extremely slow. They use manual credit card sliders. I hadn't seen those for quite some time. At check-out we mentioned some of the service problems and were simple told &quot;sorry, hope to see you next time&quot;.4. The tv menu/software would crash all the time and takes a few minutes to reboot. The section to check your bill did not work for the first 2 days.5. On the 3rd day when it finally did work, we realized we had been billed for items we had moved in the fridge. We called the front desk it was busy for several hours. Finally, when we did get through to have them removed, we were chastised for moving items in the fridge. Although we were told the items would be removed, when we checked out the items were still on the bill and we had to ask again to have them removed again. 6. Interesting to us, Internet access is NOT free and is an additional charge. Even really cheap hotels these days have free internet access. Amazing that even Starbucks can offer it free, but a 5 star hotel can not.If you want to stay at a beautiful property for 5 star prices but get 1 star service, then I highly recommend the Wynn. But personally, I won't be staying here again. There are plenty of expensive hotels on the strip that DO have great service and are also beautiful properties. I hope this helps set expectations properly for others who plan to stay at the Wynn.	
Aug 21 2009 	Quality Hotel	Stayed at the Wynn just recently for four nights.Booked an excellent rate through Expedia Australia for approx. AUD$150 per night and got a fantastic room on the 38th floor overlooking the golf course at the back side of the hotel. We also had USD $75.00 resort credit which was great to utilize for a small amount of drinks and other in-room services.Had great experience checking in with minimal delay.Our room had been missed for room service the second day we were there, which was quickly resolved with a phone call.Wasn't impressed had to pay for wi-fi internet of USD$15.99 per day, for a 5 star hotel, this should be included in the price. Also wasn't impressed had to pay for two drinks when playing video poker at the bar, have noticed this was mentioned by another reviewer, so stay clear of this one.Besides that all amenities and services were great. Tried the Zooza Crackers restaurant for lunch and found that to be a fantastic meal at a decent price.Overall enjoyed this quality hotel and would be back.	
Aug 19 2009 	Wynn's And Encore Is Perfection	We visit Las Vegas six or more times every year. We always stay at Wynn's or Encore and are always thrilled with everything. The rooms are beautiful, the food is great. Our favorite is their masterful buffet. I have never has a complaint about anything in over ten stays at any of Steve Wynn's properties. The only complaint is that I have to leave all that luxury. Let me tell you a reason to stay with what I now know is perfection. Recently we received a complimentary two night stay at a suite at the Palazzo so we decided to give them a try. When we checked in at Palazzo we were told that we were booked in the Venetian! So we trekked across the huge casino and went up to our room in the Venetian. Could you imagine our surprise when we walked into a room that was fully furnished with clothing and jewelry on the dresser. We could have hit a super jackpot if we helped ourselves to the Jewelry! After going back to the check in area in The Venetian and waiting in line again we were told that there must have been a mistake because we were booked at Palazzo! When we asked to speak to a manager about our security concerns and poor service we were told that he was too busy to come down and speak to us but offered us a $50 food credit. Let me tell you $50 in the Palazzo pays for appetizers.The room was nice but nowhere as nice as Wynn's or Encore. The service in Wynn's is exceptional and mistakes like we suffered through would never happen there. So needless to say we will go back to Wynn's in the future.	
Aug 16 2009 	What a cheap dump!	All the Wynn &amp; Encore are,,,are Bellagio wannabe's...Cheap, fake interior.........and they do not comp drinks while you're playing video poker at the bars........what cheapskates..nope, not even when you put $100 in their machines! Small, tacky casinos, that Think they're made out of gold. You'd think the former front guy at the Bellagio and Mirage could do better.	
Aug 15 2009 	Amazing Hotel	Amazin hotel, everything was perfect. I was expecting a more friendly staff, but after all everything was fantastic.	
Aug 15 2009 	The Wynn (and Encore) is in a class by itself in Vegas -- classy and well maintained.	I consider the Wynn and Encore my home away from home. Everything is terrific -- the rooms are gorgeous, the service is first class, the pools and other amenities are like heaven, and the babes can't be beat! Seriously! and i don't even gamble...	
Aug 13 2009 	Fantastic hotel!!!	My husband and I just got back from a trip to Las Vegas. It was our first time there and we chose to go through hotwire to get a five star hotel for cheaper. We were very impressed with The Wynn. The hotel is very classy and the staff are friendly and accommodating. The rooms are more modern looking and the bathrooms are awesome- there is a separate shower and soaking tub, a double vanity, and a tv built in to the wall. The ammenities are also great. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone.As far as dining goes, the restaurants in the hotel are pricey, but the buffet is definitely worth every penny!!! There is the fashion mall right across the street which has a few different restaurants are that are affordable.	
Aug 13 2009 	I expected more from this 5 star hotel	We stayed at the Wynn for two nights after 5 nights by Zion National Park. We have stayed at both 5 star resorts as well as motels, and I am familiar with the level of service that is expected at a hotel of this nature. Suffice it to say that I was disappointed. After waiting over 40 minutes to check in, (you have to choose a line to wait in, rather than one line with the first person going to the next available check in person) and after reserving months in advance a King no smoking room, we were assigned a room that stank of smoke. After a sleepless night, we were able to switch rooms the next day, but not until after 4 PM. It took much convincing to get the bellman to swith our bags without us waiting in the room. At checkout the next day, we waited over 45 minutes for a bellman, and barely made our flight home. We were repeatedly told that the bellman &quot;would be right up&quot;, but it does not take 45 minutes to go up 10 flights!The buffet was plentiful, but the waiters were scarce. It took 10 minutes one morning to get coffee, and another 10 minutes to replace a dirty coffee cup.On the positive side, the decor of the rooms was beautiful, and the hotel was spotless. We saw Le Reve, which was amazing.On our last trip to Vegas, we had stayed at the Bellagio, and next time, that's where we will stay	
Aug 13 2009 	Overall Great Time.	Overall I would rate this hotel as a 8 out of 10. The rooms are roomy and the beds are comfortable. The buffet was just ok but way over priced. The hidden gems would be the little breakfest place close by the poker room and the walkway to the encore and the deli next to the sports book. Both moderetly priced with great food if you dont like the buffets. Your staying at the wynn so everything will be a little pricy. The pool was very large and divided up which made it feel like there were actually 5-6 pools but really it was one giant with 2-3 sepreate pools..(including a optional topless pool that is hidden away). The sports book was huge and one of the best I have seen. Now the casino was in a way, its downfall. If you are a high roller then sure you will be fine, but no 10 dollar blackjack on a Tuesday night? Maybe I couldnt find it but I am pretty sure I searched every inch of the casino and maybe found one. On that same Tuesday night, I played a 10 dollar BJ table at the Belaggio for over 3 hours (I won big) and had a blast. They have all the table games and slots you could ask for but be prepared to pay for it.Overall I will return and recommend this hotel to anyone. It may be a little off the strip, but its worth the extra walk.	
Aug 13 2009 	One Word...Classy	After a horrible experience and service at MGM Grand, we switched our hotel to the Wynn. This was the decision that saved our Vegas trip. The hotel is gorgeous and everything was clean. The pool area was fun and the casino wasn't too crowded. The cherry on top was that the night club there is awesome. We will definitely stay there again.	
Aug 12 2009 	Beautiful hotel great casino fantastic buffet.	Stayed two nights and had a great time. Hotel was fabulous though I cannot understand why there is no tea and coffe making facilities in the room.We found all staff to be very helpful and Joseph in the casino was very patient and friendly explaining the rules even though it was obvious we were not high rollers. Definitely pay the buffet prices as the amount , selection and quality of the food there is amazing.	
Aug 12 2009 	Wished I would have stayed at...	I was very excited about my long-anticipated stay at the Wynn but I wished I would have stayed at the Venetian or Palazzo. The hype of the Wynn was just that....hype. There was nothing special--not even a &quot;newness&quot; that stood above any of the other 'prime' hotels near it on the strip. I was led to believe that the rooms were suite-like due to their size (square footage); however, the standard room we were in had wasted space in between the beds and wall. In other words, it was a standard room in width with extra/no-use-for space length-wise. That space was indeed most useful for spreading out our luggage and shopping bags--! Additionally, the hotel does not enforce their no-smoking policy on some floors--we smelled smoke via the vents each night! We informed the front desk with a result of...NO RESULTS! If you go, ensure you get a GREAT room rate of less than $100 per night.	
Aug 12 2009 	I'll be happy to come back	Spacious rooms with good amenities. Big pool. More elegant classy sort of hotel in Las vegas. Big shopping center in front of hotel. several restaurant choices in the hotel. some bars opens till morning. I tried Facial in the spa. it was very professional. To use the Gym facility, they charge $30 for 1 day pass (including spa space use). this is my only complaint. other experience had been excellent. very happy to come back to the hotel again. To use Wifi, they charge around $12 per day.	
Aug 12 2009 	How can you not love it here?	The Wynn is amazing. I was worried that the &quot;Resort Room&quot; would be kind of cruddy but it was absolutely gorgeous. I have stayed at the Bellagio and Venetian and neither compare to the luxury of this site.Everything is well-maintained and up to date. The staff and service are prompt with only one drawback. Check-in and Check-out is a total nightmare. We waited in line for almost an hour. I don't know if they are understaffed or have a bad system. I vote for both. The queues were confusing and people were angry!On our last day (after losing a couple of grand in less than 48 hours) we asked for a late check out and were told we could not be accomodated. Okay, that 's fine but why can't we sleep in for an hour or so when you're going to make us wait HOURS to check out. My friend and i checked our bags with the valet and went to breakfast. THREE HOURS LATER the same people were in line. WAITING! We dumped our hotel keys in express check-out. I pray that there are not errors on my bill for the mini-bar or restaurants.You should know that the table minimums are very very high on the weekends. But I was fine with this as it kept out the riffraff we saw in other places. And when I say riffraff I mean truly awful frat boys and their ilk. The pool was beautiful and relaxing. I'm no beach bunny and I was absolutely comfortable. Room service was THE fastest and best in Vegas! I've seen other reviews in which travellers complain about nightclub and street noise or room noise. Guess what? You're in Vegas. It was not disruptive. If I wanted quiet I'd go to the woods. It was exciting and beautiful and all the things Vegas should be!The Wynn was lovely and I wish they would fix their front desk problem. Other than that, our stay was absolutely dreamy. Viva Las Vegas!	
Aug 10 2009 	Wynn is a winner!!	Just got back from the Wynn. Great deal on Expedia.ca. $1500.00 for 5 nights including flight on Westjet for two people. We upgraded to the Tower Suites upon arrival (an additional $100/night for a much larger room). It was well worth it for the access to the upper level pool area (much quiter than the lower deck), fitness center access (otherwise you are charged), free fax and emails printed, free coffee at Tableau restaurant from 7-8:30 a.m., newspapers, and local calls free. We've stayed at Bellagio, Caesars and now the Wynn. The Wynn's location is great (right across the road from the Fashion Mall). The hotel is very sophisticated, modern and elegant furnishings and very helpful staff. The casino area is not crazy with a million tourists. The hotel is close to the Palazzo and the Venetian. The restaurants at the Wynn are very good. We ate at Wing Lei (upscale Chinese food) which was very good (fresh, tasty), but not spectacular. The SW, their gorgeous steakhouse, was outstanding!! The ambience, food and service along with the outdoor show on the waterfall made for a very special evening. The show consists of an image projected onto the waterfall for 5 minutes (i.e., a gigantic frog singing What a Wonderful Life. It sounds stupid, but it's really cool. If you don't get a seat with a view to the waterfall your waiter will give you the heads up and you can stand near patio to see the special effects. We're used to fine dining around the world and SW at the Wynn is right up there with the best. We also ate at Il Mulino in the Forum Shops. That was also a very nice meal (Italian), in a very refined and elegant restaurant with a lot of charm. You can also eat outside on their patio. Before the menu arrives you will enjoy bruschetta, sauteed eggplant with onions, a variety of warm delicious breads and a chunk of fresh parmesan cheese cut from a gigantic cheese at your table. It was a delicious meal with great service. The Buffet at the Wynn is excellent. Fresh food put out in small portions so it is constantly replaced, kept warm etc. The crab legs were a big hit. Think of the food and it was there to enjoy. For breakfast we ate at Terrace Point cafe. One of the other benefits of being in the Tower Suites is that your room card gets you access to the fast lane for going into the Buffet and the Terrace Point Cafe. in other words, we didn't have to stand in the long line for either restaurant, especially the evening Buffet. We saw the show at the Wynn..La Reve. It is an acrobatic show done in and over water. Very good and only an hour in length. If you sit in the first few rows you will get wet. The theatre is in the round so it really doesn't matter where you sit. Don't bother paying extra for &quot;the best&quot; seats. California Pizza Kitchen at the Fashion Show mall was a good spot for lunch, could be a dinner spot too if you want to save a few bucks. The food was great. We don't have this restaurant in Toronto and we should. Another great spot at the mall for lunch is Strip Burger. You can sit outside and watch all the action on the strip, located right across from the Wynn. Burgers are unbelievable. I had the ahi tuna burger and my husband had the cheese and bacon burger. Both were excellent! Misters kept us cool in the 110 degree heat. Don't bother going to the Premium Designer Outlet. What a waste of time. Lousy selection and only about 20% off. The best deals were in the department stores (Saks, Neimans and Macy's). There is another outlet mall at the south end of the strip that is much better according to the locals. I will get there next time. My husband golfed at the Wynn and enjoyed it. We visited other hotels during our trip. Most of them look rather tired in comparison to the Wynn. Vegas is a great trip. We're not gamblers. As my husband says &quot;I lost my money in Saks&quot; and boy was it worth it! Enjoy your trip.	
Aug 10 2009 	Terrible Terrible Terrible .... slow service .... hair in food .... no consideration for their guest.	DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL !!!!!!!!!!!I believe the attitude at the Wynn and Encore is that the guest should be priviledged just to breath the air they run through their air conditioning. Stayed for my wife's 40 th birthday weekend.For starters, room not available when arrival. Advertised $75 credit only $50 when we got the hotel. Hair in our breakfast and implied it was our own as well as asked if we wanted a knew order... what was the waiter thinking ??? Lastly, being there for my wife's birthday , did not have time to play golf at the exclusive golf course on the strip ... but I did ask to see the facilities. Yes &quot;SEE&quot; the first hole or 18 th or practice greens .... you know just look. I was turned away with the response &quot;NO&quot; only if you have a tee time!! What ??? to look at the course &quot;YES, no you cannot look, against there policy!!!&quot; So I turned around at 8:00 in the morning in August on a Saturday as my wife was still sleeping back to my room. I stopped at the font desk to speak to a manager, to ask why could I not see the course. I eventually spoke with the main managers and stated that was &quot;their policy&quot;. I asked the two managers if they play golf and both said &quot;no'.... maybe the did not understand the word &quot;look&quot; meant . That is their POLICY. I have never been treated with such a poor taste of class!!!!! I will never stay Wynn or Encore ever again.	
Aug 9 2009 	Nice facilities awful service	My wife and I stayed at the Wynn for three nights with another couple. The facilities are fantastic, although the decor is bizarre. The room was quite nice and clean, and the pool is beautiful.But that is where my good impressions of the Wynn stop. The service was shockingly and universally bad. In fact, it was so bad that it inspired me to write this, my first ever review for a hotel.The cocktail waitresses at Parasol were rude - they kept walking off as we were ordering, and they were slow when it wasn't even close to busy because they were chatting at the service well while customers waited. Our two waiters at SW Steakhouse were completely awful. I have honestly never had such bad service. We waited forever, they never came to check on us, and they were flatly unfriendly - just frowning at us for the few moments they were at our table. I have had worse service, but very rarely, and never at a place where the bill exceeded $400 for four people. A valet reprimanded me for trying to get in a taxi in the wrong place, and when I explained that we were in a hurry, he said that was &quot;too bad.&quot; The pool area is hopelessly understaffed - we waited at least 15 minutes and sometimes up to 30 for drinks. Housekeeping didn't get to our room until almost 4 PM one day.We're not a crotchety old couple and we're fairly laid back, but the service at the Wynn was just unacceptable. It would have been unacceptable at a TGI Friday's, but when you're paying top dollar you just expect a lot more.After the lousy experience at the SW Steakhouse, we started going to the Bellagio for dinner and drinks and received outstanding service everywhere. If you're prepared to pay Wynn prices, just stay at Bellagio instead.	
Aug 9 2009 	This is the one we'll want to keep going back to!	Just spent 7 nights at the Wynn. At check-in we found out that there were no non-smoking standard rooms with king bed available, so we got upgraded to corner room on 59th floor. It was a smoking-optional room, but we were assured that they get the smell out - and they were not wrong! Nice view with two floor to ceiling windows (to golf course). Otherwise I think room size was the same as standard - wouldn't pay the extra $50/night just for the view and we didn't have a couch like I saw in some pics. Yes, bathroom is great, but I have to say both tvs are oddly placed. Would have been better in front of the bed and at the end of the bath tub. Also walls are thin - had annoying family next to us on the last night but luckily their kids fall asleep earlier. Yes, food was pricey but delicious and great to have breakfast outside (do it while sun is just coming up so the heat won't get to you) with mist blowing onto you. Also highly recommend Stratta Italian restaurant and the Sugar &amp; Ice cafe for decadent sundaes. We had some comp deal in our package, so we got to dine for $75 on the house! You can get a small discount if you use gym 3 days (doesn't have to be consecutive), and I highly recommend dipping into the whirlpool (men and women's separated). It gets very hot lounging by the pool and the screaming kids can be annoying, but around 2pm the sun starts hiding behind the hotel casting a big shadow to seek refuge in.The best was the casino. It's no where as crowded as the Bellagio, but still has lots of life compared to the Encore, and doesn't have the annoying themes repeated like other hotels. It's just a straight-forward casino belonging to a 5-star hotel. Also we are biased because the slot machines treated us really well!If we go back we will stay at the Wynn again. We just wish they could make it into a no-kids hotel, though I guess compared to the theme hotels, it's probably got the least.(By the way, we also don't understand why you have pay $10 to go look at the Ferraris. You'd think they'd make enough money off of selling them.)	
Aug 7 2009 	wonderful night view	you can enjoy the greatest night view from the 60th floor room!the bathroom is spacious and you can be relaxed with both the bathtub and the shower room.cozy pools and gorgeous casino!!	
Aug 7 2009 	WOW!	What a great hotel! Wasn't sure if it would live up to our expectations, but it surpassed them.Great place, staff were excellent. Tried a few of the restaurants, all lovely (we even sat at a table next to one Steve Wynn was dining at - must be a good sign ?!).All the staff were helpful and friendly. Yes it is a bit more expensive than the others in Vegas, but it is a LOT better. Many other hotels on the strip appear tired and tacky. It's also true that eveything has a price - there's no free parking or free wi-fi, but then you also see the number of staff that have to be employed here and the bills to be paid in order to keep a hotel of this size running to such a high standard.You can see that there has been huge thought put in and attention paid to every detail in the complex.Dodgy carpet on the 57th floor though - bit psychedelic!	
Aug 5 2009 	WOW very nice! Would stay again!	We stayed at Wynn for the first time in June 2009. We threw together a 6 day/5 night trip about a month in advance to go see a couple of concerts. We ended up booking Wynn through Hotwire and got a great deal. When we arrived to check in the gentleman who helped us immediately gave us an upgrade. We ended up on the 53rd floor, right under the &quot;Y&quot;, in a king room - as requested, with a view down the strip, and when you looked straight down, a view of the Lake of Dreams. Our room was very nice and clean! The colors were a bit different (mostly peach), but was nice size and very comfortable. Large bathroom with soaking tub, separate shower, 2 sinks with built in nightllight underneath, separate toilet room with phone, and flat screen tv in wall. Bed was very plush and comfortable. Flat, feather pillows. Hypo-allergenic pillow was a little better. Automatic drapes with controls right by the bed. Room service was wonderful. We ordered twice. Very friendly and accommodating! We also ate at the Terrace Point Cafe. Very tasty! Wynn is not in an ideal location, comparing to some other places we have stayed. However, it was great for us this time, because the main concert we went to see was at the Palazzo right across the road. Fashion Show Mall was right across the strip. All in all, was great for us this time! Totally different prospective considering the farthest north on the strip we had stayed in the past was Ballys. Would stay here again in a heartbeat!	
Aug 3 2009 	Wonderful Stay	The Wynn fully lived up to its rating. My girlfriend and I stayed here for 5 days and 4 nights. Although check in was not until 3:00 PM, when we arrived at 12:45 PM the perfect room was ready. Beautiful view on 57th floor facing the strip and the mountains. Room amenities were stellar and serivce was great. We did receive sub-par service from our waiter on the first day in one of the restaurants, but one of the other waitresses picked up his slack big time (gave her a big tip afterwards--sorry guy!). Restaurants in hotel are a little pricey but what do you expect ($6 for a soda). All in all, a great experience. Will try Encore next time to see how they compare. Highly recommend!!!!!	
Aug 2 2009 	Awesome!	First, I can't believe the negative reviews. I believe there is a separate forum for clubs/restaurants. And the menus are outside the restaurants, so you can check the price before the bill comes. I believe they put it on the menu too.... If you want a cheaper coffee and bagel in the morning make the trek to Starbucks across the street.As for the hotel, first class all the way. The beds are unbelievable and the service and checkin is seamless. The rooms are spotless, roomy and very comfortable. The bathrooms are huge and a thing of beauty. We were given an upgrade, based on our package, and were given panoramic 56th floor with an incredible view. The pool is the nicest I have ever been too. The landscaping is beautiful. It was not busy either. If you want a poolside lounge chair you could get one. As for the casino, I am not much of a gambler but when I did sit at the slots I was offered a drink. If you want a less busy casino experience, you can go to the Encore casino.Next time we are in Vegas we are definitely staying here. I can't see going all inclusive again, as I would rather be here. I don't even think we will leave the hotel next time! Everybody seems truly happy to work there or else they are really good actors. I can't say enough great things about this place.	
Jul 31 2009 	Absolutely beautiful	While this hotel might not be children friendly. It offers a clean, wonderful, luxurious atmosphere. It is great to have a weekend off with your siginificant other. The bed was very comfortable and inspired me to remodel my room. Ive been trying other vegas hotels to see which is best. And so far. The Wynn is my favorite.	
Jul 31 2009 	Excellent!	I was at the Wynn for my recent extended trip to Vegas. It was the first time at this property and my experience was fantastic from start to finish.Check in.The process was very fast and the guy was very polite, giving me a choice of strip or golf course view. Having already seen the strip many times I opted for the golf course view that was fantastic.Room.Spaciuos, spotlessy clear with a floor to ceiling window and a fantastic bathroom with lots of towels, fluffy robes and excellent toiletries. Housekkeping was perfect every day.Pool.The pool is very nice and it was never overcrowded even on week ends. Drink service is fast and efficient, price is not much higher than other properties. The only part I didn't really like was the adult only section, which is smaller and a little bit too noisy.Casino.The casino is clean and very well appointed. The minimun at the tables are a little higher than other properties (mostly 25$ as of late afternoon) but I am ok with that because it keeps out the raucous noisy drunk players that you usuallay find at low minimun tables. Dealers were mostly good and friendly. Drink service was fast and efficient. Restaurants.Since I am not a foody at all and I usually eat very little (a big breakfast is usually ok for me), I cannot comment on most restautants. I had breakfast many time at the Terrace Point and it very good with big portions and fair price. I tried the buffet once and it was only ok, but probably it's me not being a buffet guy.ùSpa.The spa is very good. Use of the fitness center is 30$ a day, but the price gives you all day access to the spa facilities. I worked out there all days since it was too hot to jog outside. It was never crowded, the machines are very good and you have ample choice of fresh fruits and beverages at your disposal. The spa itself its beautiful and very calm. Overall, having previously stayed at almost all the other properties on the strip, I would say that the Wynn is probably the best one and I really recommend it to anyone who is willing to have a luxurious and peaceful stay in Vegas.	
Jul 28 2009 	One of the hippest places I've ever stayed.	Loved the layout and service. Lost my but at the casino though with no comps so I'm giving a 4 star rating... sorry.	
Jul 28 2009 	Luxurious Ideal Location Friendly Staff Absolutely Fantastic!	We liked having the television in the bathroom and a few other thoughtful amenities. The hotel was top quality throughout. The personnel are extremely friendly, as always. I just regret not staying there as a guest in the past and this was my first time.The swimming pool is huge and it was uncrowded throughout. Whenever it got crowded in one area, the other area would be empty. Overall, an excellent hotel to stay. We had a view to the strip and I don't know how they did it, but our view was fantastic. We have stayed right at the strip many times, but this hotel seems to have positioned themselves to have the best view of the strip.	
Jul 28 2009 	We had the time of our lives!	We got married at the Wynn on the 1st of May and stayed in a resort room from the 26th of April until the 30th when they upgraded us to a Salon Suite for 3 nights stay, it was superb!The wedding department of Wynn were out of this world and bent over backwards to assist us, they even collected us from the airport in a Rolls Royce Phantom! All our room requests were met, the rooms were great, the service we received from everyone was superb. The only reason I gave the rooms 4 out of 5 is due to some noise from the nightclub in our salon suite.If you want any more info on getting married at the Wynn then please PM me or feel free to read my trip report posted in the Vegas forum.Overall, the Wynn excelleed themselves, and provided us and our 25 guests with the perfect holiday experience, we will be back!	
Jul 28 2009 	Like a dream	I loved the dream bed of Wynn. When I took a nap with my bf, we both felt like we were on the heaven ~?It was very comfortable ~ and the big window that we can look out the scene of the mountain is also fantastic~ Anyway, Wynn is a wonderful place that we can send all day in and still feel great!	
Jul 27 2009 	Spectacular Hotel!! Great service and restaurants	We stayed for 5 days at Wynn and absolutely loved it. Our room looked over the Golf course. I am a golf fanatic, so I really enjoyed the view. The room was HUGE and very comfortable. The bathrooms were great and I loved the small LCD TV in the bathroom. I could watch ESPN while getting ready to go out. A nice touch!! The price was unbelievable because of how bad the economy is hurting the casino business. I have read on Tripadvisor that they charge extra for everything at Wynn, but I think that if you looked at the other comperable resorts like Bellagio or the Venetian, you are going to get charged the same thing at those resorts. It costs 12 dollars for a drink at the pool at any resort you stay at in Vegas. It doesn't matter if you are at Wynn or anywhere else. One thing you will notice about Wynn, the hallways are as quiet as a library. This is not a resort to bring your kids to and this is not a party destination. If you want a place to party, go to The Palms, and if you want to bring your kids, go to Excalibur or Treasure Island. Wynn is really suited for adults. One of the nights we ate at SW steakhouse. A tip... we requested a table outside on the railing and we told the hostess that we are in no hurry and will wait in the bar. We didn't take 3 sips of our drink, and they had a table for us. The steak was one of the best I have ever had. Better than Bern's steakhouse in Tampa. (Which is a HUGE compliment!!!) The service was exceptional and the wine was great and reasonably priced for fine dining in Vegas. The view on the lake of the shows was spectacular and like nothing I have ever seen. That was the best dinner experience we had on this trip. We proceeded over to the bar just outside of the restaurant after dinner. Another tip, if you ask for something at Wynn, they will get it for you, but be prepared to pay. I ordered a Vodka and Lemonaide. The bartender told me that they didn't have lemonaide but that he would work it out for me. I didn't realize that he made the lemonaide from fresh squeezed lemons, sugar, and water until I got the bill and realized he charged me 45 dollars for my drink. LOL I just laughed it off. It's Vegas, if you ask for it, they will get it for you, just be sure to ask what you are paying for it. We gambled a lot when we were out there this time. The limits at Wynn are a good bit higher than some of the other casinos, but they were also cleaner, and much more comfortable. I hated gambling at the hotels with lower limits because they were always overcrowded, smoke filled, and the crowd was generally a bit rough at Treasure Island, and even at Mandalay bay. So we did most of our gambling at Wynn. I also read that people had trouble with check in. I did not have that experience, but then I checked in at 10PM at night. Another great tip... One of the days we were getting killed in the casino. So we went across the street for a cheap meal. We went to strip burger. Their happy hour special is 2 dollars for mini burgers (I eat a lot and I could only eat 3 of these) and 2 dollar frozen margaritas, drafts (and they had 6 or 8 beers on tap), and 2 dollar wells. We only ate there once, but we needed to recover from the beating we took in the casino that day. LOL	
Jul 27 2009 	Very Enjoyable	This was our fourth time staying at Wynn. As always, we had a very pleasant experience. I find the staff to be very attentive to our needs without being intrusive. We had a room in the tower suites with a super view (all we had to do was ask upon checkin).	
Jul 27 2009 	Treated like slime	My fiance and I drove out to Las Vegas for his birthday and decided to hit up the night club, &quot;Tryst&quot; on a Saturday night. Knowing that it would be crowded, my fiance put us on club Tryst's guest list . When we got there, we entered their &quot;guest list&quot; line and waited for what seemed like forever until one of the doormen came walking by with their &quot;list&quot; full of names of their registered guest lists. The man asked for my fiance's first name (which I feel is ridiculous because they used only first names instead of last names--not to mention there were hundreds of tiny names printed on each page..). The door man merely glimpsed each page for my fiance's first name before he gave up and said, &quot;you're not on the list...sorry&quot; He then looked at us as if he was waiting for a little monetary hand out...as if giving him money would mysteriously show our name on the list he said wasn't there. As we were leaving, we noticed some guy in line behind us, who handed the same guy $60, where he was then ushered into the club.The doormen are not going to SEE your name on the list unless it is also matched with a a monetary &quot;gift.&quot; They didn't put ANY effort to make us feel welcome and I suspect that is how the doormen take advantage of their guests by making them feel obligated to slip them money instead of actually WORKING to find the guest's names on the lists.Furthermore, we got home today and Wynn emailed my fiance to let them know we were &quot;confirmed&quot; on their guest list for Tryst. Here's a newsflash for one of the most overpriced, inconsiderate, and downright backassward clubs in Vegas: YOU SUCK.	
Jul 27 2009 	Highway Robbery - Two thumbs down - No value in staying here! Nickel’d and dime’d every step!	Wynn Las Vegas in Las Vegas - Highway robberyRoom: Nothing special or extraordinary. We spent over $200 per night. The room was nice, two double beds, flat screen tv, with descent view. Overall I would say that the room was nice. We had some friends staying in the same hotel with one double bed and they had to pay $50 for an extra drop down bed. I thought that the drop down bed should have been included, and that the hotel should not have charged. It cost $25 / day to use the fridge within the room, another extra that I felt was unreasonable… Another interesting room feature was a weight sensitive snack bar. The way it works is that, if you pick something up from the snack bar you have 60 seconds to decide if you want it, otherwise there is an automatic charge to the room.Casino:Nothing special or extraordinary. Tables go up to $25 an minimum hand by noon. Spent an average of 4 hours a day playing $25 hands and provided no comp…. not even a hotel buffet. Sat waiting for over 45 min for a drink. Server’s feel that it is their god given right to be provided an 18% tip and will be rude if they don’t get one. As a matter of fact, they will even ask for a tip after coming after 45 minutes with your drink – not very classy. Overall the dealers were nicer, but the wait staff was brutal (although smoking hot)!Gym not included in room price – extra $30 / day. This was disappointing considering this is a fairly standard feature that is not an extra charge within a typical 4 star hotel.Pool:Overall - Very nice. However we spent most of our time swimming in the kids and family pools as there was much more space.The 21 and older pool became a sausage frat party for most of the day… Clubs:1. X/SApparently this was supposed to be the cat’s meow… in my humble opinion it was a nice club, and had a good concept, but not worth what we spent. It cost us over $2,000 to enter with a group of 7 guys (with bottle service). We reached the club by 9:30 and were instructed to stand in a bottle service line for about a half an hour – not expected and not cool! We were seated outside of the main club area next to a swimming pool on a 2 seat reclining pool chair… we were told that it would cost us around $10,000 to be seated within the main club area. After spending over $2,000 to enter the hotel club (X/S) for bottle service, the servers wanted to charge additional $8 / water bottle and $55 for a 4 pack of redbull. How cheap can you get. If you are paying for 3 bottles at the price of 40, the least that they could have done is to provide mixers….. After ordering bottle service, the hostess only came by our area once an hour to see if we were doing okay, not acceptable after dropping that much cash. We also had very inconsiderate neighbors who kept encroaching on our area. To make matter worse, these younger boys were extremely rowdy and not fun to be around. I have no problems with happy drunks, but I can’t take aggressive, foolish behavior. One guy from the next table, pulled down his pants (after previously ripping off his shirt) and decided to relieve himself in the planted tree/bush that was separating our areas. This animalistic behavior received no consequences form the overlooking bouncers…. This type of behavior made it very difficult for us to enjoy our area. While at our area, lots of people felt free to sit in our area. I had no problems with this, just kept kicking myself for spending a fortune and then getting nothing for it! I spoke to some of the other patrons, and learned that the standard cover charge was only $30 per person. I wanted to shoot the person in our group who decided to take bottle service…. Bottom line, if you decide to go to this club, just get there early and stand in the regular line and pay regular cover. Bottle service is definitely not worth it, and service is not even worth mentioning. 2. Tryst:After learning my lesion from the night before we split our group into two’s and stood in the standard line to avoid forced bottle service. This worked out much better and we were only charged $20 cover fee with our room key. Personally, I liked this club much better. It was smaller and much more intimate. Not so out of control.Bottom line, if you decide to go to this club, just get there early and stand in the regular line and pay regular cover. Bottle service is definitely not worth it, and service is not even worth mentioning. Just keep in mind that every time you turn around you drop $100 at the bar, as drinks are between $15 to $20 per.Two thumbs down - No value in staying here!	
Jul 27 2009 	Loved it	We arrived in Las Vegas for 3 nights at the end of our trip to California, Arizona and Utah. We’d been hiking in Utah and arrived at the Wynn in our dirty SUV wearing our walking shoes, hats and definitely with red dirt/dust on our legs (we’d been up early to do a big hike that morning). None of the staff batted an eyelid as I strolled into the registration area wearing my Tilley hat (my hair was a right mess no way I was taking it off – hat head, sweat and dirt!). Might add I did get a few funny looks from some of the other patrons though! We were seen straight away as there was no queue at all. I asked for a high non smoking floor as far from the lifts as possible. She delivered with a room on 38th floor overlooking the strip. Turned out the lovely receptionist’s Grandmother lives in Springdale (gateway to Zion National Park) where we had just arrived from. The room was lovely although my husband wasn’t a really big fan of the Salmon colour theme that ran throughout. I just promised I wouldn’t recreate it at home. We had a lovely view of the strip with floor to ceiling windows, there was a sofa, desk, table and a flat screen TV, plus a very large closet. A very well equipped and laid out room. Bathroom was the biggest hit for me – big, spacious, and well appointed plus lots of fluffy towels. Stand alone shower, separate cubical for the w/c, his and hers sinks – just brilliant and how I like my hotel bathrooms. Bath worked like a dream as I had aching muscles. I might add the other big plus was how comfy the bed, pillows and linens were – slept like a log – also having electronic curtains meant no fiddling in the morning.We did have a minor issue with our in room safe not working terribly well but this was sorted in less than 10 mins after the call – I’ve rarely come across such prompt service.We ate at 4 of the Wynn restaurants/eateries;1) Okada – Outstand food and service, although pricey I felt it was worth it - coming in at nearly $300 with tax and tip but so lovely. Service was outstanding (Jill – I think) was great and we talked about Napa (she was going at the weekend with her bf). Also half of the New York Nicks was in there having dinner too. I think this maybe my favourite Japanese restaurant ever – I’ve been to 3 Nobu’s, Roka and Zuma in London, Aqua in Hong Kong, Shibuya and Yellowtail in Las Vegas to name just a few.2) One morning we went to the Cafe at the Drugstore for a quick and easy breakfast (its right beside the lifts in the casino) – it hit the spot but was expensive. 2 Coffees, 2 pastries and 1 OJ was $32! Although the coffee was very good.3) Had lunch at the Terrace Pointe Cafe by the pool on our slow downtime day- just some sandwiches and iced tea. Prompt service and big portions4) On our last day we had comped Wynn buffets from hubbies playing (everyone should sign up for the red card), it was the weekend so it was the brunch menu but I wasn’t overly hungry. If I’d been paying $32.99 it would have been the biggest waste. The food was lovely and incredibly diverse for brunch! Neither of us did it justice, but the pastries and patisserie were works of art. After dinner one evening we went to Parasol Down and watched a couple of the water/light shows whilst having a couple of after dinner drinks. We retired to our room just about as the TI show was finishing and heard and saw the fireworks etc – some people have mentioned noise but we didn’t experience any other than the “booms” from the Ti Sirens show (it happens about 4 times in an evening) we didn’t find this a problem in the slightest as we got to see the show without the crowds!I used the Spa – it was blissful and Mary my therapist was lovely. The spa was gorgeous, has great treatments and looks amazing but very pricey even compared to other places on the strip (Bellagio, Four Seasons etc). Didn’t use the gym which was free if you used the spa – plenty of people seemed to go and work out and it looked very well equipped (I’d already done enough exercise on the trip!)We walked through to Encore several times to use the Casino, as it is a small casino it has a really boutique feel which I really really liked. The waitresses were attentive at the bar and casino (Friday night less so as it was incredibly busy with folks waiting/not getting in to XS). Must add that hubby really really liked Wynn Casino for the choice on offer.We had a slow day by the Wynn pool, waitresses were attentive, pool was lovely and child free. I also liked the laid back vibe – over the weekend this did change a little as we watched the weekenders arrive to party and take over cabanas. The queues for XS were insane (not that we were intending on going) including the queue for booked table service. Everyone dressed great but oh so young – very different from the crowd the previous 2 days in both Casino’s.  My only quibble was the $13.99 for wifi, we'd stayed in plenty of places on our trip that offered this free. All in all I thought the Wynn was a fantastic hotel and I’ll definitely be back to the Wynn – particularly with the great deals at the moment.	
Jul 25 2009 	Amazing luxury hotel w/ best food 	Most amazing hotel i've ever stayed @ in Vegas! Check out Encore while you are there, great night club, &quot;XS&quot;, but need to make a reservation prior otherwise will wait in line, etc.The best restaurants in Vegas are @ the Wynn w/ most spectacular views &amp; award wining dishes! Love the poolside next to the &quot;Cabana&quot;, i can relax while my husband can play a few games via poolside! will go back to the Wynn every single time i'm in Vegas without a doubt!	
Jul 25 2009	The Wynn - A Great Hotel	My husband, two teen (14 &amp; 16 ) sons and I loved the Wynn in Las Vegas. We were in connecting rooms 5950 and 5952. They were spacious, clean and had great views of the mountains, Wynn golf course and pools. Great bathrooms! We enjoyed being directly across from the Fashion shopping center which had great places for lunch . The Wynn is at the North end of the strip so not as congested as other locations.While there we saw Penn and Teller and the Beatles Love show, both of which we'd skip.	
Jul 25 2009 	Anniversary from hell	Made you feel like a liar when booking reservation. Worst checkin expericence, no welcome,no assistance with luggage. Did not feel valued as a guest, no use of our name, even after we told both reservations and front desk we were celebrating our anniversary no acknowledgement at all about occasion. felt lucky to get king bed even tho we had view of roof. billing errors, would not stay again even if it was free. Felt very unwelcome	
Jul 24 2009 	The very best of Vegas	We stayed in a salon suite. At $700 a night we expected it to be good. It wasn`t good it was FANTASTIC. All over the world you can book suites but i challenge anyone to find one as good a quality at the same price. Every single thing about the Wynn tower suites is world class. I have never found anywhere in the US that can offer Asian quality of standards until i visted the Wynn.	
Jul 24 2009 	No Strollers? whats that all about??	terrible - completely unchild friendly - very dissapointed.	
Jul 23 2009 	Worth every cent paid	I upgraded my room to a panoramic view and was pleasantly delighted. Every morning we woke up with the view of the mountains and went to bed with the beautiful lights of Las Vegas. Buyer beware if you book a room with a credit make sure that you keep the records as they are not accommodating if you don't have proof. Make sure that you use the Wynn Card at all times to get comped. The comps were great. The buffet was wonderful and a pleasure to be at. The food was always fresh and inviting. I would stay again with blinking an eye. The pools were great and were not filled with young ones. It was a very relaxing vacation.	
Jul 23 2009 	Wynn Parlor Suite - Top notch	We booked Resort room in Tower Suites at Wynn through Amex Plat FHR, this include an upgrate if available - we arrived to check in (must have waited all of 2 mins) staff apologised for the wait! and brough us iced water- Front desk staff said unfortunately all the Exec suites were booked (that would normally be the upgrade) BUT instead he would put us in the next category of room - parlor suite!!! (for price of Tower suite resort room)Assigned room 3606 - on entry to left was half bath, then wet bar with decent sized fridge, sink etc. living room was good size had desk, sofas &amp; chairs, Large flat screen TV &amp; DVD, floor to ceiling windows with golf course view. A very comfortable room. Bedroom had great views another flatscreen &amp; the usual great wynn linens.the bathroom - Oh my god!! - every girls dream come true - it was huge - separate sink areas &amp; a dressing table area - perfect for getting ready, Jacuzzi bath - full of goodies - bath salts, bach scrubber, bath pillow etc, steam shower, WC and a walk in closet!!OK I had already decided I could happily live here!Turndown was great and did not have to be requested (but you also get that on request on resort side of hotel)Newspaper was delivered in the AMIn AM (6am - 8am or similar) there was free coffee &amp; cake served in bar area near Tableau. It was very nice coffee.Tower suites Pool area was nice - the main pool gets so busy it was nice to have a quieter option. Drink service was prompt &amp; as soon as you arrive attendents set you up with towels, water &amp; find you a lounger to suit your requirements IMHO Tower suites are worth the extra due to the peaceful oasis they offer - as soon as you walk to the tower suites side you notice the difference, somehow its calmer &amp; the service is very prompt - both front desk &amp; concerge were first rate, pool staff were also very attentive. Also (Big bonus) you skip the queues are the regualr front desk which at times can be lengthy. - Go on treat yourself if you can - I plan to	
Jul 23 2009 	WYNN IS THE BEST VALUE IN VEGAS	The Wynn is amazing, they never stop updating and making everything new. I stayed there when they just opened, and stayed there just this winter and everytime I go it's like a new hotel. It is spotless, and it's obvious that trash and filth are not tolerated. I hate to sound like a nut but everytime I stay there I am inspired by the perfection of service and cleanliness of the property, I have stayed at other nice hotels on the strip and they don't have the personality or the drive to perfection of Steve Wynn! I have never personally met the man but his attention to luxury, cleanliness and detail are obvious and when he left other properties the change was immediately noticeable. I'm your typical vegas guy, I love buffets and my favorite for years was the Bellagio and then I went one year to find it had all changed and wasn't anywhere near the quality it used to be. I asked around and found out about a guy named Steve Wynn and how he had left to do his own thing and it all came clear. The Bellagio experience was amazing the first time that left me feeling I was the first to step up to the offerings everytime I went to choose a treat, the last time I went it was a mess and the topper was a guy cutting open a plastic package of cooked salmon and sliding directly out of the bag straight into the buffet pan! TACKY!!!! and lacking all attempts at presentation. Maybe your thinking that's a small thing and you're correct but it's the small things that add up to an exquisite experience whether you are at the buffet, the rooms, or one of their fine eating establishments. STAY AT THE WYNN FOR PERFECTION!!!!	
Jul 22 2009 	Fantabulous	This was the best hotel I have ever stayed at in Las Vegas, the view was spectacular, the food incredible the stay I would not want to stay anywhere else. IF you want to be respected whether or not you have money, this is the place to stay.	
Jul 22 2009 	Great Hotel	Wynn is my favorite Hotel and Casino hands down. The only complaint was the air conditioning, it struggled to keep the room cool. Signed up for email promotions on the website and a Red Card while there and we have never paid more than $130 a night.	
Jul 22 2009 	Best Ambiance Below Average Service	I have stayed at every 5 star star hotel in Vegas (their standard issued rooms) and this place fell short in service. I mean, if you expect 5 star service, you may be disappointed. I stay here if I can get a good rate ($250/n or less for weekends), otherwise the Venetian/Palazzo. Somehow they got away with putting a 5 star rating on the whole hotel when in fact its only their VIP rooms that are rated 5 star - duh. Can someone write AAA about this!?!?Going into this hotel with low expectations about the service really helps with the experience. I'm a huge fan of Wynn's hotels though. The Bellagio is amazing. Treasure Island is a great value, but even it has way better service.The problem is that Wynn's staff is promised strict job security and rapid promotions no matter how the economy or the hotel does. They are a family which stick together in which the guest is left to fend for themselves. The trick is to be nice yet stern, smile, go off and enjoy your trip - because after you leave there's a line of people eager to stay there - and they know that.Everything else, however about this hotel somehow makes up for the lack in service. I mean it really is a beautiful place. Don't stay here if the price is a stretch for you - budget to spend at least an additional 3x what the nightly rate is and you will have fun.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great but not the best	First time to stay at the Wynn..usually stay at the bellagio or the MGM grande. The rooms are really nice and roomy at the Wynn, but that is the only thing going for it... The tables were not as cheap as they should have been...we went to the bellagio and they were cheaper there! Plus at the Wynn the waitresses NEVER came around..we were gambling there for about an hour and a half and she came by once!! So i guess that is how they are cutting back! The bellagio was so much better.	
Jul 17 2009 	The Wynn is a Winner	This was my first trip to Vegas and the Wynn did not disappoint. The hotel is understated...for Vegas....and there's an incredible attention to detail in the decor and the amenities. I could find nothing really negative to say about the hotel...it wasn't necessarily a very personal experience like a Ritz Carlton or Four Seasons, but for a hotel this size I think it satisfies. My only complaint...not a lot of sitting areas (except by machines). I visited the Bellagio and there was a better set up for guests to just be able to &quot;sit around' and not gamble. Rooms: My room was on the 59th floor. Clean. King bed. Fantastic bathroom with two sinks and a vanity, plenty of towels, lemongrass toiletries. Two flat screen tvs. Casino: The casino is large but not as noisy as other gaming facilities. They did have nickel slots, good luck finding all of them! Food/Drink: Good selection of mid to high priced restaurants. I loved Stratta, which is a casual italian place in the back of the casino. Great bar and perfect place to kick back and have a light meal. The other great bar is the B Bar, with the usual video poker machines on the bar, the bartenders were awesome! Pool: Large pool area, including one section with a casino and supposedly topless sunbathing but I did not see any evidence of this during my stay.Coffee/Breakfast: Okay, this is my one complaint. 12 bucks for coffee and a fruit salad?! Oy!!Spa: I loved the spa but am in agreement with reviewers that the daily charge for the gym is disappointing (though you can use it for free the day of a spa treatment).In summary - a good experience. And check this out --- there are no 40-49 floors in the hotel. Why? Asian guests are superstitious of the number four! Now that's what I call good customer service. Go Steve Wynn!	
Jul 16 2009 	Upscale Class Quiet Atmosphere an oasis in the desert!	Upon arriving at Wynn Las Vegas on July 4th, the check in line was small and we were checking in within 2 minutes of waiting. The hotel screams class, upon arriving to the desk we were informed that the room would not be ready until 3pm, as expected, we arrived at 1045am. I gave &quot;Amanda&quot; my cell number, and we were called promptly to come back to the hotel at 1pm that our room was ready. We went up to the room on the 35th floor facing the golf course. The basic tower resort room was gorgeous! Spotlessly clean, 42&quot; Sharp Aquos flat-screen tv with actual HD signal, beautiful view of the Wynn Golf Club and the Eastern portion of Las Vegas. The room is over 650 SQ ft, so needless to say plenty of room for two people. The bathroom was spotless with twin sinks, a separate shower/tub and separate toilet area. A nice touch is that there is a small LCD TV in the side vanity to watch CNN or whatever when getting ready in the morning. We headed down to the pool, this is a lovely pool. One of Vegas' best. Its a large dumbell shaped pool, lots of attentive staff, finding a chair was easy. They also offer free water, which is nice to avoid the 5 dollar bottled water charges they have at so many other Vegas hotels. The fitness center was of course about 20 bucks per day, but people...this is Vegas, every hotel's fitness center is about 15-20 bucks, this is nothing new. Internet as well was about 14.99 I believe, again a Vegas strip standard. Hint...they want you outside your room!We also ate at the Wynn Buffet, despite the line definitely worth it, spectacular food, basically like sampling entrees from various restaurants in buffet form. The deserts were spectacular. A hint on food, for breakfast TRY THE PEPPERMILL just north of Encore, its classic Vegas in every way, the portions are huge, I had a 9, yes....9 egg omelette. Gambling in the Wynn is a tad pricey, the machines are like everywhere else, but expect table minimums to hover around the 10-15 dollar mark at slow times, and hot times to be around 25. The hotel has tons of other restaurants which we didn't get a chance to try, but all looked great.All in all, the Wynn has gorgeous accommodations, a classy pool, spotless public areas and good customer service. The rooms were spectacular, I can't imagine how good the suites are. I would not hesitate to stay again, and frankly can't understand how anyone can rate this place poorly!	
Jul 15 2009 	Not a 5 star!	First of all the nice, lobby is pretty. Pool is VERY nice! Restaurants are surprisingly affordable (well some of them). Now the bad. The check in process is ridiculous. We arrived around 11:00 AM. Now I travel a lot so I was not upset that our room wasn't available. I really didn't expect it just wanted to go ahead and check in as our flight had arrived. They said they would call my cell phone when the room was available. We we got the call at 2:59 PM. Just a minute to spare before the 3 pm check in time. No big deal just thought they would have something sooner since the hotel is so large.Secondly the valet guys are jerks if you don't need help with carrying your bags (i.e. tips). They asked, we said we could handle our 1 bag each then they just left, not direction and complained that we didn't need their help.Now the room. Its basic. Well basic nice. Large but we were lucky enough to get the ridiculous salmon/pink room. It was obnoxious and not designed well. Basically large space in the middle of room with 2 beds along one wall and a TV too far away to see. Some random chair and things off center. Normally no big deal but the Wynn is supposed to be such luxury this was nothing surprising or nice. Then the best party. It was DIRTY! Naked butt and hand prints on the window. Didn't really care for that. Also mirror dirty with finger prints. Glasses had lipstick stains. Again this is supposed to be 5 star. I called down and someone came up to clean the room but not apology or nothing offered. I felt that they were annoyed that I called. Honestly I think it is a wast of money. Rooms are boring. Staff was downright rude when I asked to change from the salmon room to a more normal room. Some of our friends had a king room which was a nicer layout. Bathrooms are spacious.Pool however was super nice but you are charged if you want to have one of the kewl lounge chairs by or in the pool.	
Jul 15 2009 	Very good but takes itself too seriously	We stayed her in early July 2009 and had two panoramic view rooms, one facing the strip and one facing the golf course, both on the 54th floor.We arrived early (11.00am) and did not expect to be able to check in until the afternoon. As expected our requested rooms were not ready yet but were offered similar alternatives which we were delighted to accept. I note that several reviewers have found the check in process confusing. I don't understand this - you follow the sign to guest registration and join any one of the queues - how can that be difficult? I admit this can be a very busy area but let's be realistic, it's a VERY BIG hotel. The check in staff were very efficient and the queues move quickly.The public areas are very light, bright, airy and glamorous. I've visited (although not stayed in) several other hotels in Vegas (Treasure Island, Ceasars Palace, Bellagio, Venetian etc) and the gaming areas here are much classier and more spacious.The bedrooms were excellent - large rooms, well furnished (seating area, desk, large flat screen TV, etc), very comfortable, great views (try to get to the high floors for the best views and don't worry - there are plenty of elevators). Great bathrooms with double sinks, separate walk-in shower, and TV. The bedrooms (and the whole hotel generally) were extremely clean and well maintained. There can be quite a bit of noise even on higher floors. Rooms with a golf view are obviously quieter than strip view rooms and you could be unlucky (as we were) and have someone in the room next to you returning from the nightclubs at 4.00am - but if you're looking for a quite holiday don't go to Vegas in the first place!The hotel has a huge array of dining options from a cafe and ice cream parlour to international fine dining of every variety. The breakfast buffet is good at $18.95 per person but I felt that most of the restaurants didn't quite deliver - they were all good but not as good as they would have you believe and quite expensive.There is an excellent (but expensive) spa and a very well equipped gym (but it costs $30 per day and you have to be over 18 to use it - this seriously annoyed my 17 year old son who had been able to use other hotel gyms all over the USA).The main pool area is large and well laid out - towels and sunbeds are provided (at no extra cost) but it does become extremely busy and you can find it difficult to find a sunbed from late morning on. There is a second pool on the far side of the Cabana Bar but you have to be over 21 to use it. We were told this was because topless sunbathing is allowed there and surely we wouldn't want our children to see this - this is ironic as they call it the &quot;European Pool&quot; and most Europeans have been brought up on topless (or even nudist) beaches all over the Med. I think the real reason is because it is in a gambling area.Cabanas are available for rent at the main pool area costing between $300 and $600 per day depending on the day. Seems a lot but they can take up to 6 people and include soft drinks, fruit plate, TV, reserved sunbeds etc. Wynn likes to see itself as the classiest hotel on the strip and they may well be right. The hotel cars are black Rolls Royce Phantoms, they have a Ferrari and Maserati dealership inside the hotel and the shopping mall includes the likes of Alexander McQueen and the largest Rolex store in the world (not the size of the shop but they have every model!). This is great to look at but unless you're a high roller you'll find more approachable shops elsewhere. We particulary like the Forum shops at Ceasars Place and there is an oddly named but good &quot;Fashion Show&quot; shopping mall directly across the strip from the Wynn. This includes my favourite restaurant, Maggiano's. Italian (as the name suggests) with very good food, large portions (the half portions will be enough for most people) excellent value, good service and geat atmosphere (feels more like New York than Las Vegas).Overall the Wynn is a good choice - very clean, well equipped, efficient, bright, modern - on the downside some might feel it's a bit pretentious and arrogant, there are lots of areas reserved for VIPs and if you're not a big spender you can feel excluded like a second class citizen.	
Jul 14 2009 	Great Luxury Hotel	This was my first time in Vegas and I went for my sister's Bachelorrete party, there were four girls total. When we arrived check in was easy, I called before hand to make sure we could get to connecting rooms which we got. We were offered an upgrade for an extra price, but since the rooms weren't connected we decided against it. The hotel itself is breathtaking. You realize the beauty of this hotel much more once you start visiting others. However, I must warn you the Wynn is expensive. Nothing here is cheap. The air was clean even though so many people smoked inside the casino area. The decor was very modern and I didn't know where to go or look first. It was kind of a maze inside, but the hotel workers were very helpful and made it easy to find our way. The rooms were immaculate! The rooms were huge and I loved the bathrooms with vanity area and a separate area for the toilet. I felt so posh. The only downside was the view. There was a huge glass window that was the side wall and all we saw was a roof and building. No view of Vegas lights for us. However, that was our decision not to upgrade. The service was great. We ordered chocolate strawberries for my sister which were suppose to be delivered to the room. I called because I never received them and the front desk was quick to find where they were and bring them to our room. Check out was a nightmare though. They have express checkout, but I wanted to make sure nothing extra was charged on my card. I came 30min before check out time and must have waited in line for a good hour. Around noon lines everywhere were a nightmare. Overall though, the trip was great! Great hotel if you're willing to spend.	
Jul 14 2009 	Very good hotel	I stayed here for one night and got a great deal on hotwire. The check in process was a bit awkward. We arrived early in the morning and was told that the room will not be ready until at least 3pm (which is the check in time). We were asked for a mobile number which the hotel could call when the room was ready. We were given a pass so we could use the pool facility while we waited for the room. We did get a call at 2:30pm and told that the room ready.The room was very big and just awesome. The washroom was the best, 2 sinks, private toilet room, stand up shower, bath tub and a TV in the bathroom. Scale, shoe polish and brand name toiletries. The room was clean with LCD TV and full cable. The blinds and curtains in the room are all controlled via electronic buttons by the bed which is really cool.The pool is sooooo good. Various pools with European style sun bathing (guys will love this) at the far pool. Black Jack tables at the pools and just a very fun crowed. There are more pools for families as well.... They have private rooms by the pool which can be rented for additional $$$$ which has TV's and butler service... how cool is that..The restaurants are kind of expensive, but you would expect that at a 5 start resort. But they offer some of the best foods and chefs in the city.There is a golf course on the hotel grounds as well although I did not use it. Tryst night club in the hotel is wicked, one of the best night clubs in Vegas. Highly recommended for the clubbers. If you have deep pockets, there is the largest Ferrari dealership in the hotel and you can drive off with pretty much any model that you can afford. I was able to pick up an authentic Ferrari cap for 30 bucks, will buy the car next time. There are also other high end shops like Rolex which should make spending money easy.I would stay at this hotel again at a heart beat. I would recommend this hotel to young people, old people, rich people and fixed budget people.	
Jul 14 2009	Fantastic	I was hesitating between the Bellagio and the Wynn. Both properties are fantastic, but I think I do prefer the Wynn. The dedicated entrance to Tower Suites Guests is quiet and service is really much better than I expected (more personnalised, and access to 2 additionnal pools is worth the extra $).The hotel is huge but it never feels too busy or too overcrowded. We tried several bars &amp; restaurants, wait was minimal.The location is perfect. The Palazzo is right accross the street, and the Bellagio is 15/20 minutes away by walking. We had a long walk all the way down to the Mandalay Bay. To me the best part remains between the Wynn and Paris Hotel.We stayed in a Parlor suite. It is much larger than I expected after having seen the official pictures on Wynn website. You have your own fridge in addition to the mini-bar, 2 DVD players, fax machine, etc.2 minor issues: Internet access is a bit expensive ($13 for 24-hour, why don't they include free wifi access?!) and the car for our pick-up at the airport was 5-minute late.	
Jul 13 2009 	Classy 	My partner and I stayed at the Wynn Last Vegas 7th July for several nights. The hotel is beautiful, classy and totally luxurious. We arrived around noon, and were able to check into our room straight away, eventhough check in is usually after 2pm. The hotel is huge, and very beautiful with many restaurants, bars, a nite club, beauty spa, gym, casino. We stayed in a resort room and had great views rom the 21st floor. The rooms are huge, bathroom is huge with a bath and tv in there. The pool area is really nice with 2 pools and many private cabanas , as well as a bar and poolside casino area....drinks are delivered to your chair! Eventhough the hotel was located at the end of the vegas strip, there is a walkway across the street to a huge mall, with every shop you could need with lots of cheaper places to eat in case the hotel restaurants are over your budget. We loved the Wynn and would definitely recommend it for a luxurious place to stay!	
Jul 13 2009 	WOW	We stayed in the Wynn for 5 nights and it is a really lovely hotel. Thoughit doesn't have as many shops/restaurants as some of the hotels on thestrip, it is absolutely stunning and there is plenty of options for placesto eat and shop.The pool area is equally as lovely and reflects a different side of Vegasand a good place to relax.We hired a car through Hertz that were based at the Wynn which is highlyrecommended.We had a room that overlooked the strip and the view is definitely worththe extra cost.	
Jul 12 2009 	The Wynn is simply great.	I stayed at the Wynn in July 2009 for a conference. I was at the hotel for 2 nights. I got a good package deal through Orbitz for airfare plus the hotel. I had requested a quiet room on a high floor as I am a light sleeper. However, I checked in at 6:00 pm on a Friday night when the hotel was oversold and room availability was scarce. Since the hotel had no rooms left on a high floor, they upgraded me to a junior suite on a high floor for a modest fee. It was a quiet, beautiful room with a view of the Las Vegas strip. The beds and bedding at the Wynn are so comfortable that I slept as soundly as if I was at home (if not better!). Since the property is only 4 years old, the rooms are clean with modern furnishings. I can't wait to stay at the Wynn again!	
Jul 12 2009 	Heaven on Earth!	Wynn Las Vegas - WHAT CAN I SAY??????We have been to Vegas every year for the last 5 years and will be back this NOvember.We have stayed at the Bellagio twice and the last two visits at the Wynn!It is THE BEST on the strip - ignore the comments of those who say its too far up the strip - One who walks anyway and why would you want to spend time in hotels like the luxor,new york excalibur etc etc when you are already in the best hotel? all the good hotels are next door or across the road eg Caesars,Bellagio,Palazzo etc etcThe rooms are pure luxury with fantastic views, the quality of restaraunts fabulous, great clubs/bars and the staff at the gaming tables friendly and professional.Make sure you visit the various shows available.I can honestly say - if you can find anything to complain about at the Wynn then you should stay at home - Who wants a quiet night when you are in Las VEgas?? - Honestly!Las Vegas &amp; the Wynn is a city that excites and doesn't sleep - if thats what you are looking for then BOOK IT Now!Theresa UK	
Jul 11 2009 	A wonderful place to stay - in every way!	My sister, her friend and I arrived on a Monday to begin our week's vacation in Las Vegas - in style! We took a limousine ride from the airport to The Wynn, our first hotel to stay at while in Las Vegas. I've been to Las Vegas on several prior occasions, but I'd never been a guest at The Wynn. Prior to leaving for the trip, I'd already pulled up information on the web about The Wynn. I read lots of reviews and had made by own judgement. I knew it was a place I'd really love to stay at!! On part of this trip to Las Vegas , I was a guest to my sister. She'd actually received the invitation from The Wynn to come and stay three complimentary nights (she'd visited The Wynn in April with her husband - celebrating their wedding anniversary) and she was given some comp play. She invited another friend and myself to join her. With me being an &quot;unpaying guest&quot; (as you can put it), I could see that anything I could say negative would be so unfair. The only thing that staying at the Wynn was going to cost me was possibly the money I'd lose gambling...and I can surely lose at any casino! Upon getting close to The Wynn's entrance, we saw the most gorgeous building, with beautiful gardens and artwork of splendor. You just look at it and say, &quot;How can they make something so beautiful!&quot; It's true - it is beautiful. Entering the valet entrance, we were just amazed...and excited. Entering the hotel, we find it to look like something from a fairyland...it's so magnificant and the lighted trees with the beautiful flowers are so breathtaking. Just gorgeous! We proceeded to the Registration Desk and my sister checked on our room. It was not ready, but we didn't expect it to be, as we arrived right at 12:30. They stored our luggage for us until we'd call for it to be delivered to our room. We proceeded to the area to obtain player cards for our friend and myself. The clerk was so kind and went into detail explaining the perks from playing with our new card. After obtaining only a sm. amt. of points were we able to receive complimentary buffets. (Not knowing at that time the cost of the lunch buffet - should you have had to &quot;pay&quot; for it - was right at $25.) That was great! We knew we'd be playing the machines there, so earning our first two promotional buffets was easy. The gaming was fun! We found lots of machines that were ready to &quot;pay us&quot; for being there. And, they kept on paying! I've never been to any casino where I had the jackpots like I did at this casino. I was playing $1 and $5 slot machines a majority of the time and they had me &quot;up&quot; in no time. I was so thrilled. My sister hit quite a few jackpots herself, including a &quot;hand-pay&quot;. We pooled our money and even hit the Wheel of Fortune for $1195! Our friend loved video poker and she also had luck on her machines.After checking back at the Registration Desk, my sister got our room, we went up and the Bellman delivered our luggage very soon. We thought our room was gorgeous. We could see the Encore to our left and view some of the Strip and the distant mountains. We loved the spaciousness of the room. It was huge. We were never crowded..even with three of us and all our luggage sharing a room. The bathroom was very large. We enjoyed the walk-in shower and the large vanity area. It was great to stay in a hotel again that also had a TV in the bathroom. The guest in-room safe was convenient to have!! The color scheme was very pretty to us; we loved the bright burnt orange walls...all the pictures just accented the room so well. I've read reviews where other guest had commented about the thin walls but never did we hear any noise from any room. That definately was not a problem for us.We stayed at The Wynn for three nights and just didn't take the time to explore all of it. It is very large and we loved the spacious gaming floor. Everything was conveniently located. From what we could see at the entrance to The Masaretti Dealership it was beautiful. I was surprised that you'd have to pay $10 to tour it...so we returned to the gaming floor. We had an easy, problem-free checkout with the assistance of a friendly host. We also found that all the buffets we'd charged to the room (of which you have to do after the first two promotional buffets were used) were all comped. What a savings and a wonderful perk for players. With the three of us playing regularly at various casinos in different locations (other than Las Vegas) we seldom pay for rooms or meals, but we weren't sure how we'd stand at The Wynn. We definately look forward to a return stay at The Wynn and I'm sure it'll be just as great as this stay was. We loved it!We moved on to Bally's and really enjoyed our stay there as well. It was also staffed with wonderful employees who assisted in every way to make our stay very pleasant. Our room was very nice as well. We'll also return there to stay on a future trip.	
Jul 11 2009 	Fantastic!	Wall to wall view of the strip, amazing bathroom, amazing bed, great tv!! Casino looked great, unforgettable hotel!	
Jul 11 2009 	Another Smokey Casino Another Sore Throat.....	The Wynn Resort is a total disappoint in every department. Smoke-filled casino; lousy parking, inconsiderate players, music too loud, noise everywhere - no quiet, no peace.You leave needing to take a vacation, not reverse. You leave with a sore throat, deaf ears, and a horrible, horrible time-waster. The money you spent could buy you a wonderful trip to Hawaii.Let me just say this: If you go to Las Vegas and you don't smoke, it can be pretty dangerous now. 2 hours in a casino is the equivalent of 6 months of passive smoke. My mom died of lung cancer and she didn't smoke. Passive smoke will kill you more than if you smoke.	
Jul 9 2009 	Still excellent ...... but cutting back!!!	This was our 3rd year running . still a beautiful hotel and only its sister The Encore was even more lovely. All was the same as last year but 2 tiny things were noticeable . Only because I used them. No Shower Gel or Mouth Wash. WHy oh why cut out such a small item. bearing in mind we spent $2500 on board and food, I went downstairs and bought 3 small bottles of mouth wash and a bottle of shower gel-- cost $20. Seems just nit picking. still we would still go back, ....maybe or try the Encore or one of the new hotels in the new City Center. decisions, decisions.............	
Jul 9 2009	Wedding at the Wynn Las Vegas!	My husband and I LOVE the Wynn. We love the restaurants, pool, casino, bars, everything. We have been 4 or 5 times, and recently tried Encore (we like Wynn better). I wanted to share my amazing wedding, for anyone thinking of getting married in Las Vegas. My coordinator was Sunny, she was awesome. We got married in the outdoor courtyard, had beautiful flowers, they handled everything SO well, we were very taken care of. Being July and hot, they kept our guests inside until immediately before the ceremony, and we got married at sunset. Our reception was at Tableau, that was great, except I did not get to slice my cake :( The Wynn made my cake, it was so beautiful, it looked like a jewelry box. Tableau was really nice, we were able to have a 3 course dinner and cake for everyone with open bar. In Tableau, we got the whole back room shaped like an oval to use, and the patio by the pool was also ours to use.We had an outside photographer who was very reasonable. We got a few Wynn photographer photos, we used the salon for waxing and nails. I had an outside person do hair and makeup. Cant think of anything else to say, Wynn is great. See my photos! Thanks!	
Jul 9 2009 	Not Wynning but losing for Hotwire guests	It was our first wedding anniversary (we married on the 4th of July of last year) and we were going to spend part of it at the Wynn Hotel in Las Vegas. Our 5 star hotels were chosen by Hotwire. So, it is gambe whether you get an elegant 5 star like the Venetian or an overrated dump like the Wynn. We had the whole weekend planned out from beginning to end.When we arrived at 3 p.m., our Wynn clerk, Christina, said the the rooms were not ready. She said she did not when the rooms would be ready. It could be ready at 6 p.m. or 9 p.m. I explained to her that we have a dinner set and an expensive show to attend. My wife needed time to get ready. She didn't seem to care at all. Then, with a straight face, Christina tried to bully us into paying an additional $100 for an upgraded room or face undetermined amount of hours of waiting in the lobby. I had to do a second take on that one. This was insulting and not what I had in mind when I pre-purchased 5 star services through Hotwire.At check out, I wanted to get a copy of the recepit showing the time I checked in. Christina and the Wynn staff said they could see it one the screen, but they made sure to tell me that they could not print it out. So, the only proof that I stayed at the Wynnn was through Hotwire and not through the Wynn. This was just as unsulting as check-in and not a reflection of their 5 star rating. We had to move the dinner and lose out on the expensive show.What really infuriated me was when I waiting in the lobby and began talking to other waiting guests. They were Hotwire guests too! I know they purchased their reservations through Hotwire because I personally talked to them. Wynn treats their Hotwire guests as second class guests.Then, you go to the room and wonder what all that waiting was for. The room was not a 5 star room. It was more like a 3 or 4. I know 5 star rooms. The Wynn does not even come close to the Venetian, a true 5 star Las Vegas hotel. It looks like someone threw up orange and built a tacky hotel around it. I even saw trashy prostitutes waiting for their jons at the gambling tables near the parking lot entrance.After my wife stopped crying, we tried to enjoy the little time we had left in our anniversary. Despite Christina and the Wynn staff, we managed to have an OK time. However, we will never forget how we were treated by incompetent staff who could care less about quality customer service that should be part of a 5 star establishment.	
Jul 8 2009 	Truly Incredible!	I LOVE this hotel! Went to Vegas for a bachelor party and stayed here after most of the other guys left. It's hard to describe how plush this hotel is. You gotta see it to believe - Steve Wynn has spared no expense.The view from our room was amazing and it wasn't even of the strip. The rooms were very nice but not the best 5* I've stayed.The food around the hotel was totally flavoursome. The nightclub Tryst is unbelieveable. You must go.The pool area was paradise and also had a great crowd.	
Jul 7 2009 	This is the best hotel on the Vegas strip by far!	This was my first time to Las Vegas and after walking in and out of all the hotels, this was the best one by far! The room was super clean and modern. There are probably better views because they just built the Palazzo and it kinda blocks the strip but staying here is worth it. The service was five star and location is really great. I would not stay anywhere else if I get the chance to go back. I loved it!!	
Jul 6 2009 	A fantastic start to our honeymoon	We got amazing service at this hotel- we were upgraded to a high rollers room which was twice as big as our house and had the largest bathrooms we had ever seen. We didn't eat in any of the restaurants but the pool area was lovely and everywhere was clean and new. The staff couldn't have bent ay further backwards to help us.	
Jul 6 2009 	Wynn Did Not Disappoint	This was our first trip to Wynn so I had read several reviews ahead of time. The biggest worry I had was the paper thin walls everyone spoke about. I can only speak for myself but my husband and I were not disturbed by any noises from the rooms around us or the clubs downstairs. We were only on the 6th floor so I was very nervous but we didn't hear a thing. The bed and linens were amazing, the best 4 nights sleep I've ever gotten. Absolutely wonderful. I had also read to make sure the door to your room closes well for security purposes. I noticed that you had to give it a little extra push to make sure it shut but no issues other than that.The &quot;European&quot; style pool was wonderful. There were no children and the atmosphere was great. The pool bar was wonderful and there was always someone taking orders for food or drink. You can even gamble at the pool. The concierge was great, too. They got us a rental car so we could take a trip to Hoover Dam and they later helped us book show tickets. Very friendly and professional, even to us &quot;low rollers.&quot;We knew the location of the hotel before we went so we were prepared for the walk. It is far but if you're willing to make a day of it, it doesn't seem too bad.We were very pleased overall and had a great time.	
Jul 6 2009 	Wynn is the "hot" spot on the strip...we even saw Ellen!	Yup! It's true. It seems the Steve Wynn has made his place THE place to stay on the strip. Just walking by the poker pit near the Ferrari dealership I happened to spot Ellen getting her game on. No big deal! It's the Wynn!Our room was on the 26th floor overlooking the Lake of Dreams and the strip. I couldn't imagine the floors higher than ours. It was a great view! A word of advice though... if you can help it try to get on the 27th floor or higher. The 27th is the first stop on the express lift. In other words, if you are on the 26th you may have to stop a few times each time you go up. Picky... but that's what trip advisor is for.The casino was by far the nicest we saw all trip. It was a busy weekend but we never had trouble finding our favorite game. But, there were a few issues at the pool. BOY it was crowded. Again, it was a holiday weekend but everyone sure was packed in there. We even tried to get away from the craziness and hit the &quot;Brazilian&quot; pool but it was like cramming 100 people into a bath tub. WAY crowded. Can't complain though. Everything else was perfect. I do wish I would have gotten a few more &quot;dress&quot; clothes for the trip because I felt underdressed each night. Be prepared, the nightclubs are PACKED on the weekend which crowds the halls. But again, the Wynn is the place to be!	
Jul 5 2009 	I'd go back in a heartbeat	I stayed at the Wynn for three nights in June. Having not been to Vegas in about 10 years, I was unsure of the condition of hotels on The Strip, and after much reading of reviews decided I would spend a bit more than originally planned with the hope of having a good experience. I was not disappointed. My room was spacious with a good view of The Strip. Everything--furnishings, carpeting, finishes, etc. were in excellent condition. The bathroom was spacious. Everything was spotless. I popped a button off a shirt while ironing, and called housekeeping to request a sewing kit. The kit arrived within 10 minutes and probably less (sorry folks, I didn't check my stopwatch)--very efficient service for a large hotel. Although I didn't request it, the registration desk placed me in a room close to the elevators, which I appreciated because I have some joint problems and prefer not to walk long distances if I can avoid it. And the room and halls were VERY quiet. The fitness center was well-equipped and not crowded; the pool area lovely and even when busy one could still find lounge chairs. If I had to criticize anything it would be that my shower did not drain well and I was standing in a couple of inches of water by the time I was finished showering. But that is the ONLY &quot;complaint&quot; I can come up with. As Arnold would say, &quot;I'll be back!&quot;	
Jul 5 2009 	Would not stay anywhere else in Vegas	This was our second visit to Vegas but our first at the Wynn and I have to say I would not consider staying anywhere else. Wow, what a hotel!This place is super plush. We were greeted at the door by a really friendly helpful bellboy who made us feel personally welcome to the hotel and took care of all of our luggage whilst we checked in.We'd booked a low cost rate via Expedia. I enquired about upgrades and was offered an upgrade to a Panoramic room at the top of the hotel with floor to ceiling windows for $25 per night. We took this offer and had wonderful rooms on the 56th floor. The view was so good we didn't bother going up the Stratosphere! The room was absolutely massive and in pristine condition with electric drapes/curtains, very tastefully decorated. We were completely gob smacked when we walked in. Huge hi-def TV, massive bathroom with his &amp; hers sinks, most comfortable bed in the world with the most luxurious bed linen ever! We felt really special!The breakfast and evening buffet was expensive but plentiful and to a very high standard.We also had a meal in the Chinese restaurant one evening which was more reasonable and equally as good quality.The pool area was something else! I honestly felt like I was in paradise whilst relaxing there. The pool was huge, in fact the whole area is huge so there's plenty of space for everyone - no overcrowding. The staff were constantly around if you needed a cocktail (which we did and it was wonderful) also plenty of iced water available free of charge and mister spray to keep you cool.I'd say our stay was almost perfect apart from the following few downsides:1. The communal music was terrible, all thud, thud, thud - could have done with some relaxing music particularly around the pool.2. We played the slots for 1.5 hours and did not see one waitress to order a drink, therefore did not have any drinks. (I thought drinks whilst playing was a perk of Vegas!)3. Double glazing not perfect as we could here music at night even on the 56th floor.	
Jul 4 2009 	Underwhelming visit... but very very clean hotel	Pros------Very, very, VERY clean.Lovely bathroom and products.Friendly staff.Easy to get from the parking garage to the guest elevators.$75 food and beverage credit came in handy.Quick check-in.Reduced the $150 per night security deposit to $400 security deposit for the entire stay (7 nights) when asked. No argument or debate needed.Upgraded room without asking or doing the $20 trick/bribe.Cons-------Location. Too far down the strip for our liking.Blaring music at 3 in the morning heard in all our rooms up on the 50th floor. Which was nice after a 25 hour door to door journey.The hotel is a mish-mash of styles, some eurpoean, some oriental, some 'other'. As a result the hotel didn't seem to have good energy or good synergie to it... pick a style already!Our entire party thought 'Hmm, this feels like a poor relative of The Bellagio', which is hardly surprising. In fact we all far prefer The Bellagio.I did not get the feeling that you needed to put your hand in your pocket every time a staff member did something for you or answered a question for you. This was a pleasant turn of events given all the reviews on here saying that you need plenty of $$$$ to stay at this hotel. We are by no means high rollers and I saw plenty of other 'regular' folks staying at The Wynn who were being treated with as much respect and receiving as good a service as the people that were swanning round dripping in diamonds.The beds were nice but I've slept on nicer. The linens were nice but not as high end as I expected. The cafe by the Drugstore smelt like burnt cheese every time we walked past it - what's with that? We had a nice breakfast in the buffet and several nice breakfasts in the terrace cafe. Overall we had a pleasant but underwhelming stay at The Wynn. It was, to be honest, a little bland and lacking in general atmosphere. The hotel is very nice (and incredibly clean, as I've already mentioned) but something was missing - none of us can quite put our finger on what that was though. We wouldn't go back and glad we paid a low rate via Expedia - would have been less than impressed to have paid any more.	
Jul 4 2009 	Superb hotel - faultless in all areas - 100% excellence.	We are from the UK and stayed for four nights, leaving on July 1st. This was our ninth visit to Las Vegas but our first staying at the Wynn. We will never stay anywhere else again. Our married American friends from Scottsdale AZ, who joined us at the Wynn, said exactly the same. In all ways the Wynn exceeded our expectations.The restaurants were superb - we did not eat in all of them and picked the middle to lower priced ones. Lunch at the Country Club was especially memorable, but even the simple cafe was excellent. The bar &quot;Parasol Down&quot; became our rendevouz location, a stunning position with an outdoor terrace on a lake with a truly amazing light and sound show every half hour from dusk on. But during the day the interior part of the bar was bliss after a couple of hours scorching in the Nevada sun around their beautiful pools.Our room was huge with floor to ceiling windows with electically controlled nets and drapes. The bed was outstandingly comfortable. The bathroom was also huge (with separate wc, something not every place has), an enormous bathtub, which we did not use, and a free standing shower enclosure. What more can we say? Absolutely faultless.	
Jul 4 2009 	Dreadful noisy smelly vile	Stayed at the Wynn in June 09 while showing my wife around Las Vegas. Room was ok (roughly the standard of a European 3 star), service was very poor overall. The entire operation is geared towards releiving the guests of their money at every stage, and hospitality is conspicuous only by absence,For three nights of our stay, the music from the clubs prevented us from sleeping until 3AM. On two nights, we tried to complain, first trying to call reception (but giving up after a half hour hold listening to Steve Wynn describe his so-called luxury hotel in an endlessly whining looped markting pitch), and finally getting dressed to go to reception but finding no-one there to assist. It would be expected that a prime function of any hotel is to provide the guests with the ability to sleep. It is after all, why beds are provided. To ensure that guests cannot sleep, and make it impossible for them to complain, appears to be something of an unforgivable failing.Apart from total insomnia and a stink of cigarette smoke in all areas (even in supposedly non-smoking areas) one of the lifts (elevators for our colonial friends) was covered in vomit for at least two hours on our last night. It seems that the hotel was too busy being 'exclusive' and 'fashion forward' to resolve this unhygienic and unpleasant state of affairs. It is possible that the staff were simply too busy installing extra speakers and amplifiers in the clubs (to ensure that those guests who were asleep would not remain so for much longer) to fetch a mop and bucket.Disgraceful.	
Jul 4 2009 	10 wonderful days at Wynn	Every aspect of Wynn was perfect, from check in to departure. The pool is outstanding and the service could not be faulted. Wonderful room that was serviced twice each day.If your going to Vegas make sure this hotel is taken into consideration.	
Jul 2 2009 	MY Favorite Hotel	We arrived at 9:00 on Tuesday June 23rd. There was no line and check in was a breeze. We asked for a golf course view on a high floor and we got it. The room was wonderful. We have stayed there before and loved it. I love the bathroom TV. We went to the Terrace Cafe because we were starving. They told us it would be a 15 minute wait. The problem must have been lack of servers because there were tons of empty tables. We finally got seated and then waited another 15 minutes before anyone came to the table. We asked the neighboring table if they had waited long and they said yes so we got up and left. We decided to go to Sugar and Ice and it turned out to be a great decision. We ordered and then realized you could eat out by the waterfall so we did. The food was good and the service was fine. We decided not to go back to the Terrace Cafe during our visit. The next day we ate at their buffet around noon and the line was very short. The food was fine but I thought overpriced. I much prefer the Spice Market Buffet at Planet Hollywood. The Wynn buffet seems to be all in the presentation and not the variety of food. I suppose I just like basic food. I know most people rave about this buffet but not me. I thought Bellagio buffet was better too. I went to the pool at 8:00AM and there were a few people there and then more started coming. I love this pool. It's not super crowded and very laid back. The Bellagio pool is nice but crowded even at 8. I stayed at the Bellagio this trip also and even though I liked the service better at the Bellagio, there is just something about the Wynn that I love. I feel so special there and it isn't as crowded. It seems like an oasis from all the chaos at the casinos and shows. It is my very favorite Vegas hotel. I hope the prices stay reasonable because I would like to keep staying there.	
Jul 1 2009 	Amazing Hotel Do not stay any where else in Las Vegas!	We stayed here for 4 nights as part of our Honeymoon. The Hotel was by far the best i have ever stayed in. We were upgraded to a room on the corner of the hotel so we had floor to ceiling windows on 2 sides of the room looking out over the golf course. The rooms are huge! With the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in. The bathroom again is huge with a TV by the sink. An a shower that could fit a small family. We ate in the hotel every night and the standard of food was exceptional. Yes some things are pricy but you get what you pay for and we got fabulous service, beautiful surroundings, and first class food &amp; drink. The pool area is wonderful, with free water a lovely big uncrowded pool, and water mist jets spraying out all around the pool to cool the air down. You can even gamble by the pool! The Casino we found to be the most tasteful in Vegas, we visited most of the other hotels and found them to be quite dated and in need of a facelift. The nightclub Tryst was amazing with a huge waterfall in the outdoor area. Everything about this hotel is first class, I could not pick a single fault with it.	
Jun 30 2009 	Wynn was perfect!	We did not have one thing to complain about - well except that we should have stayed longer!! Room rate was great so we had a chance to experience this otherwise pricey hotel - service/staff couldn't have been more courteous or helpful - room was beautiful. We also stayed in a &quot;smoking optional&quot; although we requested non-smoking - and we found that it didn't have a smokey smell at all...they had offered to move us the next day but we didn't need to. Pool was just beautiful - we had no trouble getting seats except for one day and seemed to find waitresses without a problem. Having water &amp; ice available was a treat! All-in-all a great experience - no matter who you walked by - everyone always had a &quot;hello&quot; or a smile to greet you.	
Jun 30 2009 	Best Property on Las Vegas Blvd	My wife and I spent 7 days at the Wynn. We had booked our trip through Northwest Travel Vacations, and we had decided to book a Tower Suite because it was our honeymoon.We landed and took a taxi to the Wynn, we told the taxi we were at the Wynn at the tower suites. As soon as we pulled in, the wonderful frills of being a tower suite guest shined.Tower Suites has a private entrance as well as dedicated bellman and doorman. As soon as we pulled in, our bags were taken and we were escorted to the Tower Suite Area, The welcome area was beautiful! We got into the Tower Suite and walked right up to an agent. We told them it was our honeymoon and they upgraded us to a Parlor Suite.Parlor Suite was wonderful. 2 Bathrooms, Living Room, Tub with Jets, glass shower, floor to ceiling windows. 3 Flatscreen Televisions.I was a little nervous about possible sounds which I have read about coming from the club or pool, I can honestly say we didn't hear anything. This was possibly the best hotel in which I have ever stayed in.	
Jun 29 2009 	Great Deal! But the Wynn still disappointed a bit	We booked our Wynn weekend thru Expedia and got a great deal - $800 for our flights (from Minneapolis) + 2 nights at the Wynn + $100 resort credit.Thru Expedia we had booked a Non Smoking King Room. I had read in some other reviews how time consuming and confusing the check-in process was. I agree 100%! I think it took us over 30 minutes to check in - and there weren't even that many people ahead of us in line. I was prepared for that frustration. What I wasn't prepared for was the check-in gal to tell us that they had us down for 2 Double Beds. Um, no. I showed her my printed out confirmation from Expedia - she told me &quot;Sorry, they have you down for a Double Room&quot;. She asked if that would be okay and I told her no. She said the best they could do was put us into a &quot;Smoking Optional King Room&quot;. We went with that and ended up in room 5059 (which didn't smell like smoke, thankfully!). Our view was of the strip and it was amazing all lit up! We did give the Sunday Champagne Brunch a try. I'm glad we did it, but I don't think I'd go again. It was neat to see, but I don't think it was totally worth the price.Parasol Up was a fun place to hang out. Even on a Saturday night around 1am it was easy to find a couch/table to sit and relax.Pros: nice big room; comfy bed; remote controlled curtains; taxi stand was easy to find &amp; even when there was a long line it went quicklyCons: check-in process; the bathroom tv remote was broken and because there were no buttons on the TV itself, you could only watch 1 channel and the volume was turned up quite a bit; my husband went to get ice out of the ice machine and there was vomit in there (I'm not kidding) - he called housekeeping to inform them but when we left 40 minutes later it was still there ...Encore had open about 6 weeks prior to us arriving. Although I liked the Wynn, I think I'd try the Encore next time.	
Jun 27 2009 	Comfortable Atmosphere	The Wynn provides a comfortable atmosphere that sets it apart from the other casinos. I can't put a finger on exactly why but it's just different and quite enjoyable.The rooms are well decorated, appointed, with comfortable beds and roomy bathrooms.The pool area, especially back in the adults only are, is peaceful.The spa is fabulous.Restaurants and buffet were all great (Bartolotta, Okada, Terrace Pointe, SW, Buffet).The casino is roomy and is not smokey and the poker room is smoke free. The sportsbook is fun and has comfortable seating to watch a game or play the ponies. My only complaint is that I didn't win more money!	
Jun 27 2009 	Superb	Not one complaint about this hotel. It is the best hotel on the Las Vegas Strip.	
Jun 27 2009 	What's Not to Like? Just Make Sure you Bring $$$$$$	Had a fantastic three nights / four days staying a Wynn Las Vegas. Let's get the negatives out of the way - the buffet is overwhelming initially but compared to similar offerings at othe Las Vegas hotels it isn't as good. Check in was an absolute nightmare - easily 45 minutes wait which is unacceptable and no apologies were forthcoming which isn't good enough.On the plus side - great location, close to everything, super stylish hotel, great spacious rooms, fast elevators, friendly staff who are always willing to help, pool area great, drinks not too expensive and the casino was easily the nicest we visited.All in all, highly recommended - but please Wynn, get the check in process sorted.	
Jun 25 2009 	Beautiful Hotel and Pool Excellent Service	My fiance and I stayed at the Wynn for four nights (Friday through Tuesday) for a getaway from the never-ending rain in the Northeast. We took a cab to the Wynn and checked in at around 11:30pm. There was no line and the front desk woman (Sydney) was extremely professional and welcoming. We were upgraded to the 50th floor to a room overlooking the golf course and mountains. It was a spacious room with a king bed, loveseat and ottoman, desk, flat screen tv, and amazing bathroom with separate tub and shower. Even though it was a &quot;smoking optional&quot; room, it didn't smell at all, and I am very sensitive. We spent every day by the pool, which was gorgeous and well kept by the staff. Cocktail waitresses were always coming around and there was also free ice water coolers that you could help yourself to throughout the day. We ate lunch at the pool bar two of the days, which was good (chips and salsa/guac and a sandwich). We didn't eat at any of the fine dining restaurants at the Wynn but the Terrance Point Cafe for breakfast was good and the Coffee shop had a delicious berry, granola, and yogurt parfait. We went to XS on Sunday night (ask the concierge for complementary passes) which was really cool and I would definitely recommend. I think its a lot crazier on a Saturday night though. Overall, the hotel was beautiful and the staff was attentive, polite, and professional (and we are definitely not rich and uppity or rich or uppity looking... we were casually dressed the whole time). I would definitely recommend the Wynn to anyone! We got a great deal with airfare on Orbitz.	
Jun 25 2009 	It was ok	We received 3 nights free stay at the Wynn. When we arrived, we were told that we had been expected the day before, and didn't have a room for us. We knew the reservations we made, and the desk clerk confirmed that there had been a change to the date by us, which was an untruth. Don't know how they got that info, or they were just trying to mess with us. If they did the change to our date, they certainly did not notify us. My other issue was the pool area. We had no problem lining up at the pool to reserve some beds (which was the only way to guarantee seating anytime during the day). However we were blatantly ignored by the pool waitresses (or whatever they were called). Tried to place orders with them, which were never brought to us. Or sometimes they would tell us they'll be right back to take our order, and never would come back. It was easier just getting our own stuff. My final issue was the way everything was so overpriced. Food there was ridiculous. I got so tired of paying so much! I will say that I loved our room, it was huge, comfortable. The mattress was amazing, and that was the rollaway bed!	
Jun 25 2009	Wonderful Experience At The Wynn	First let me emphasize... take comfortable shoes! Yes you want to look sharp, but nothing ruins your trip faster than blisters. I have been to Vegas 3 times and have had major blisters three times. This time my sister and I resorted to going to Macy's and purchasing house shoes to finish up the trip. (They were cute black ballet style shoes that actually didn't look too bad.)&lt;P&gt;I had received a card advertising two FREE night at the Wynn. I had already booked four night trip at MGM, but canceled two of the nights there, because who in their right mind would pass up FREE nights at the Wynn. &lt;P&gt;I will say my first two nights of the trip at MGM were nice, nothing spectacular, but i had a good rate there also and the staff and rooms were very pleasant. THe slot machines were tight! My sister had arrived about 10 hours before me and had went thru her cash quite quickly. The check-in was very smooth.... the checkout at around 10:30 was a really big hassle, after them moving me to three different lines, a nice fellow finally noticed that I wasn't making any progress and moved me to the VIP checkout. &lt;P&gt;We took our taxi to the WYNN, it was early for check-in probably around noon, but they already had a room ready and let us check in early. The staff was so sweet. THe lobby as well as the rooms, casino etc. were immaculate at all times. Our doorknob was a little sticky, but they sent someone up in minutes and fixed it right away. THe view wall sized window had a nice view of the golf course, but I am sure it was not one of the better views. (for the price I was well satisfied.) The curved hallways kept giving flashbacks of &quot;The Shining&quot;. &lt;P&gt;The Red Card comp system seemed to really pay off the first day with free buffet, free play etc., but the next day I had racked up 1000 points and it wouldn't even get me a free breakfast, so I am not sure how it works exactly. The machines were nice but also very tight&lt;p&gt;We saw Loui Anderson which was wonderful, THe Jersey boys which were also great. Across the street in front of the mall is a discount ticket booth for shows, it pays to get there early and you can find tickets to most shows the day of for about half price.&lt;p&gt;We ate at the breakfast buffet at the Wynn two mornings and it was ok, nothing great. We had lunch at one restaurant in the shopping esplanaide and it was also ok. It is worth a taxi ride to do the Breakfast Buffet at Paris. It is much better and less expensive too. The Wynn caters to a very upscale traveler, which is great, but I did miss having deli or fast food area nearby for a quick snack.&lt;p&gt;Make sure to visit Encore. It is spectacular also and the shopping hall connects it with the Wynn it is a really quick walk. In my experience it was worth the 5 minute or so walk to the casino in Encore as it had the only slot machines that I found that were paying off at all.&lt;P&gt;I have stayed at Harrah's, MGM, Caesars Palace and now Wynn. If money is no object or you luck up like me and get it for FREE... the Wynn is the best hands down.The	
Jun 25 2009 	I found better customer service at a 3 star hotel	My boyfriend and I were very excited to stay at the Wynn for the first time. However, when we arrived we were a little shocked at the 35 minute wait to check in but we made great conversation in line with other people attending the Dave Matthews Band concert that we were going to so we let that one go. At the front desk we opted for the $25 &quot;upgraded room&quot; located in the higher floors. Here is what we found in our upgraded room:- One room key worked- There was white substance (eww) on 2 bathroom walls- The shower did not drain and overflowed onto the tile- Only one side of the automatic curtains works...you never want that much light into your room in the morning, trust me!We had to get going to our concert right away since registration took an hour longer then we anticipated. We decided to go to our concert on time and report the issues when we return. When we reported the issues to the manager on the phone we were first lectured about our lag time in reporting the issues. He then let us know that he will promptly fix all the rooms issues upon our check out (what do we care what he does with the room when we leave!). He then let us know we were not on the 5 star side of the resort and only on the 4 star side (Does it matter?). He then offers us a room on the lower level that we just spent $25 more to not be on. My boyfriend then realizes that he should just ask for the necessities. So he suggests they at the least just fix our shower so we can take a shower. After some resistance the manager sends a very nice maintenance worker to fix the shower. We checked out that next day and were much happier at another hotel. Oh, and for those who like to eat...good luck. This resort only has a handful of resturants with outrageous lines and prices.	
Jun 24 2009 	Noisy and in decline	We stay reguarly in Vegas, but have not stayed at Wynn since it first opened when we had a fabulous experience. This stay was not quite so fab. We arrived Sunday and one room was ready, but the other was not ready until 5.15 - we had to line up 4 times to sort out rooms/keys etc.. Not particularly friendly check-in. The first night we were kept awake on the 37th floor all night due to the outdoor pool party at Encore. The concierge advised us this is a weekly Sunday night event. The next night we were kept awake all night by the nightclub at Encore!!! The third night we moved and had a great night's sleep. We agree with other comments about being careful about the doors not shutting. The rooms are starting to get shabby - wallpaper peeling and house keeping below par plus the drapes did not close all the way. On the upside, the pool area is excellent as is the casino. the Taste of Wynn menu concept is great. The concierge and valet/taxi staff were all very good. We also wonder about this being a playing field for the uber-wealthy. At Bellagio we have always felt like special and welcomed guests, so we will be returning there in future. We mark this as great value as we got a special deal on the rooms, however, we would rather have paid more for 3 good nights sleep and to be treated with respect.	
Jun 24 2009 	Best hotel on the Strip	We stayed two nights at the Wynn, based on our daughter's recommendation and were not disappointed. We have walked through the Wynn's casino before and were in awe but never stayed at the hotel. Without question this is one of the best if not the best on the strip. Steve spared no expense in constucting and outfitting the facility. Everything is top drawer. We had a resort room that was 650 SF with a sofa and ottoman, desk, dinning table and chairs, fax machine, mini bar, flat screen TV, safe, robes and great bedding and towels (available for purchase.) The bathroom is all luxury as well with a large glass shower, large tub, his &amp; her sinks and a private toilet. The greatest thing about the room was the floor to ceiling and wall to wall windows. The curtains are all automated. We were on the 31st floor and what a view!The restaurants are beautiful but very pricey. We ate numerous times at the Terrace restaurant which was great value for very good food. It is adjacent to the pools and affords great views. Service in the restaurant was good but not great.The pool area is one of the most attractive I have seen, ringed with beautiful cabanas on two levels. There are two large pools, one of which is a Euro style pool, and one jacuzzi. The pools are a maximum depth of 4 feet and not conducive to swimming but more strolling and wading. The worst thing about this area is the artificial turf. I am not sure why they felt the need to install this in very small areas. There is even a large bar between the pools with several gaming tables all covered by a shading roof.The hotel location is great, away from the crowds and vendors closer to Flamingo Blvd. It is directly across the street from the Fashion Mall which has a one-half price ticket outlet for most shows. Don't pay full price, use the ticket outlet. Get there at 9:30 AM each day, before it gets too hot and to get the best seats, for the day of the show you want.All-in-all a great experience.	
Jun 24 2009 	Bliss at the Wynn and loving the Euro-Deck Pool	We've eaten at the Wynn numerous times (amazing), and even seen Le Reve (average, it doesn't compare to Mystere, Ka or O), but had yet to stay there. So last weekend we booked a room and relaxed.Rooms: Large, spacious, with floor to ceiling windows. Fantastic bedding and linens. The only nit was that our non-smoking room had a bathroom vent connected to a smoking floor and we had to close the bathroom doors and stuff towels under them (the security guard came to our room and explained the situation, said they were working on fixing it, and offered to move us, which we couldn't given our explosion of luggage; we didn't want to re-pack &amp; unpack again). So be sure to ask for a non-smoking room that doesn't have this problem!!!Staff: Gracious and well trained. More reserved than, say, the new M Resort, which also has amazing staff, as I think they tend toward &quot;elegant&quot; over &quot;friendly&quot; in their training.Euro-Deck: Wow, a topless pool that doesn't cost extra money and that doesn't have house music blasting so loud that you can't have a conversation. My new favorite pool in Las Vegas!!! Given the Wynn's style, there were a lot of languages being spoken around the pool, lots of European (and some American) girls with their tops off, no hordes of single guys staring, wonderful jazz-y music that was great to chill by, and just an all around relaxing and comfortable environment. We'll be back with friends.	
Jun 21 2009 	Fully satisfied	I am obsessive about hotels and travel deals so plan very carefully. I went to Vegas after a conference in Salt Lake City and this was my first trip to Vegas. I did a lot of reading and research about hotels and things to see. The Wynn is a great hotel. I got a high floor room upgrade just by asking. Everyone I talked to at front desk or in the casino was friendly. Here are some things that are clear for first time visitors: 1. The Strip is long and crowded. You can only walk the Strip if you are in good shape. Otherwise, rent a car or stick to one big hotel.2. The Strip is far better than downtown. Freemont Street is interesting but surrounded by a slummy world of bail places and low-life atmosphere. 3. You can get discounts on shows in case you cannot afford full price. I got 1/2 price for Steve Wyrick. He has a great magic show.Happy travelling.	
Jun 20 2009 	Nice hotel but...	My Las Vegas buddy and I stayed at the Wynn in mid-June as they were offering some excellent pricing on their rooms. I have stayed up and down the Strip over the last 23 years - so I feel I have some places to compare the Wynn to.The reception was relatively straight forward - never mind they over charged us for the room - but we caught it on the way out and all is well. They did not give you directions to the appropriate tower or elevator - and due it its size and the size of many of the other casinos it would not be a bad idea to at least point.The lobby and gaiming area is terrific - actually gorgeous. Air filtering keeps the cigarette and cigar smoke down to a minimum - making it a pleasure to play without choking or stinking. Gaming staff was fun without an attitude that you get at some hotel. Unlike the Venetian next door, you don't get that sweet aroma wafting throughout the place.On to the rooms - BIG disappointment. My wife and I stayed at the Bellagio last May - beautiful room throughout. I found the Wynn room to be spartan at best and decorated as if by your grandmother - I showed my wife picture and she says its French Provincial - I say yucky. I am 6'2&quot; - and if I didn't sleep with my head real close to the headboard, my feet hung off the end of the bed. Its not that the room was uncomfortable - its we expected more. The bathroom was very nice.Now here is what can be a problem on weekends - if your room faces the Encore (Wynn's new twin) don't be surprised to awaken at 2 or 3 or 4 in the morning from the loud music and partying emanting from a nightclub at Encore. Considering I was on the 17th floor and you have a certain amount of soundproofing we were very surprised that you can get such a high level of noise. Bottom line - ask for a room not facing the center of the property but towards Las Vegas Blvd.We ate the the buffet a couple of times. They have a very good dinner buffet - but the service this night truely sucked. No silverware, never cleared away plates or re-filled drinks. Food was very good for a buffet - but we were very disappointed with this truely lackluster experience. On the other hand, we had breakfast there one morning and the staff was terrific - just what you would expect from a buffet type atmosphere. Needless to say, this server got her tip and the tip that would have gone to the other server.Location is at the far north end of the strip - makes for good walking if you want to visit other hotels.Overall - if I were coming with my spouse - where i cared a bit more for romance - i would not stay here. i would go back to the Bellagio or to the Venetian.	
Jun 20 2009 	Very nice place to stay but expensive to eat there	On our first trip to Vegas last year, we saw the Wynn and decided we would try to stay there the next time because what we could see looked so nice. So this year, through Expedia, we booked an air&amp;hotel package that made this expensive hotel affordable.The purpose of our four night stay was to attend two shows in Vegas and to enjoy the hot weather by the pool.We enjoyed our room with its floor-to-cieling window that looked out towards Las Vegas boulevard. Our room was on the 17th floor. The furniture and decorations were tasteful. The corridors of the hotel were bright and cheery.The pool area was beautiful and large. The pool has a shape like a dog bone (or a barbell). It has two ovals connected by a long straight section. The deepest section is a bit over four feet. The unusual shape was useful for my wife and I. It allowed us to &quot;go for a walk&quot; in the water. We had no trouble getting chairs, but we were always out early, around 8:30 AM. The landscaping and design is such that one sees either sky, the Wynn, the Encore or a bit of the Palazzo from the pool area; its mostly sky.We paid the hotel prices for food and drinks delivered to us by the pool, and sometimes to enjoy the hotel's Parasol Down bar, but that was all. We chose to take most of our meals elsewhere to pay less.The noise from the hotel plumbing in the room was noticeable, but mostly in the bathroom area, and it was not unusually loud.	
Jun 18 2009 	Good but not what expected.	I have stayed at 8 vegas hotels and all of the top ones, except the Bellagio. This ranks as number 3 or 4 behind the 1. Venetian, 2. The Hotel. The comments about the service are correct. They are overwhelmed at check-in. I got there at 1 pm on a sunday and they could not get us in and told us it might be past 3 until we got our room. They called us back a little after 2, but gave us a 7th story room with a view of the top of a building and parking garage. The bell hop told us to call and complain. We are not big complainers, but called and was told they do not make moves on the same day, but was moved the next day to a 38th floor strip view (nice). The Good: The view from the 2nd room was great. The windows and remote shades are fantastic. The beds are very comfortable. The bathrooms are on par with other top hotels and the water pressure is fantastic.The Bad: Overall service is poor and geared to the mega rich. The rooms are not as big and nice as some other top hotels. The TV's are slow. It is in a bad location at the end of the main hotels and you need to walk a lot. The restraunts are all overpriced compared to other top quality restraunts in town.Rooms are nice and it is a good hotel, but not compared to other 5 star hotels in town.	
Jun 18 2009 	Customer service not in evidence!	The room and casino were nice, but we went to the M Resort and South Point for meals and gambling, a much better experience.Checkout was a joke. The idiots do a shift change at check out time! Then some bozo takes the single line and says make three lines moving people who just showed up to the front of their respective lines! He was almost torn limb from limb before he got the hint! What a maroon!We had a $100 resort credit we were supposed to be able to use against our room charge. Sorry, too bad so sad. I had a letter, so did several others, and all were stonewalled. Left a bad taste in my mouth. Maybe Steve Wynn needs to put someone elses name on this place if this is the kind of customer service you get.Next time it's M Resort or South Point	
Jun 17 2009 	Good but not outstanding...other hotels in Vegas are better	I was not blown away by the Wynn. They were late with check in, and eventually wound up giving us a smoking optional room (we had requested non smoking but they said it could take several hours to find one). We wound up lucking out, because our smoking optional room didn't smell, and was on the 59th floor with a great view and larger than standard room. That said, we did have other friends staying at the hotel in the standard room, and I was not impressed. Overall the service was good, our room we loved, and the hotel was OK. Compared to other nice hotels though, I would not return.	
Jun 17 2009 	Horrible!	I was going to Las Vegas - for the first time - with girlfriends for my 'girls weekend' in March before my May wedding.We made online reservations and went to the airport early on Thurs morning for a 4-day trip. I called to request early check-in and found out that I had somehow messed up the reservation dates (booked for earlier in the week). The woman I spoke with said it shouldn't be a problem to fix it, and to speak with the manager when I arrived at the hotel.I was pretty upset, as this is the last thing you want to happen when you are going on a fun trip. I arrived at the Wynn and speak with the reservation agent, manager on duty and the General Manager of the hotel. I explained the situation and was told that the hotel had availability and the dates could be fixed (which I expected as it was at 40/50 % capacity) but that we had lost our deposit. This was due to the fact that the &quot;deposit had already posted&quot; early that week, so I was told. Since I had reserved two rooms, lost about $500. I am quite familiar with the hotel management industry, and I know this was a bogus response. I am quite shocked that the manager and GM were so inflexible and unwilling to help in this situation. And quite unfriendly and rude. We were offered late free check-out (which apparently is $150/room) but we were all leaving early so that doesn't benefit us. I asked if any kind of food credit would be possible , to make up for the lost $500, since we planned on eating at the hotel and we would probably eat there more with the credit. I was told no. I was also told that the hotel was at capacity, which it clearly was not as they a.) had rooms available and b.) the lobby was dead and empty as can be and c.) the woman I spoke to that morning mentioned they were at half capacity.I'm really quite truly shocked that the management was so unwilling to make some kind of deal, and more so for the way in which they handled the situation. They weren't willing to even give us a rebate/credit for half the amount. It was our first time out there and we were really looking forward to it. We had planned to eat at the restaurants and go to the clubs at the Wynn. Estimating we would have given them a couple thousand in business. Which, I guess the management didn't really care about losing.We called the Bellagio and promptly left and booked rooms there. They were offering room rates of $139/night which made up for our lost deposit! The hotel lobby was packed and we let the bad experience go and had a wonderful time on the trip. I am very thankful that we left the Wynn. We had a lovely time at the Bellagio. Make sure you check out the Bank (lounge/club) at the Bellagio as well as the chocolate store in the hotel. The 24-hour cafe has great food choices and the Cirque Show, &quot;O&quot; was unbelievable!! Highly recommend it!Shame on the Wynn management team for treating customers this way, especially in this economy. I'm sure they don't care but I have told all my friends and family about my experience and plan to continue to do so. I think it is unacceptable to be treat customers like that, and suggest Steve Wynn might want to have his managers get some professional training!	
Jun 17 2009 	Superb Hotel Bring lots of CASH	We stayed at the Wynn for the 1st leg of our honeymoon, May 2009. It really is a superb and very luxurious hotel enviroment and it definately has the cutting edge over most of the other hotels we went into during our week long stay in vegas.My biggest pointer to you would be BRING LOTS AND LOTS OF CASH, or have a big limit on your credit card! The buffet is excellent both for breakfast and dinner, the choice is amazing and quality of the food was 5 star also. really reccomend this buffet, we heard it was the best in vegas and would have to agree.The other restaurants are more expensive (a la carte) but they are also superb, even if a little pricey! Table service by the stunning girls in the bars is also a lovely treat but this again will cost you $$$, $7 per beer / $15 per cocktail plus tip !!!!!Rooms are lovely, all mod cons and we loved opening the remote blinds from our bed every morning to look out onto the strip. Noise - Don't know what other reveiws are talking about to be honest, I hate noisy hotels and I can honestly say I didn't hear a peep from any other rooms or nightclub during any of my 7 nights.Pool - lovely but surrounded by pretentious and or rich show offs really.Generally - Lovely hotel but definately one where money talks and I know for sure that those who splash it around receive a lot more attention than those who are just there to relax and enjoy a slice of holiday luxury.Nixt time we go we would stay at the Encore next door.	
Jun 16 2009 	Bring your earplugs if you stay here!	Horrible stay at the Wynn. We are local and decided to spend my birthday on the strip and had selected the Wynn.We were not able to sleep from 2am - 5am because of the techno-thumping noise coming from XS Nightclub (ground floor) kept us up - even with cottom balls and pillows piled on top of our head! Our room was on the 32ND floor! When I called the front desk they said that the sound should die down about 4:45am as the club closes at 5am! What????????? I walked out of a Five-Star hotel with lack of sleep NOT FROM MY OWN DOING? Ha! Be prepared!	
Jun 16 2009 	Lock your door carefully or be robbed in the middle of the night.	I went to the Wynn for a long weekend. On morning two I woke up to find $600 stolen from my room. This was done overnight WHILE MY WIFE AND I WERE SLEEPING! We were petrified to have woken up to this situation. Luckily the thief took our money and left without harming us. In the 10 days since i reported the theft I have not been called back by hotel security and every time I call for a status update my investigator is not in the office. The lack of urgency and concern has been appaling. The hotel manager would not even to comp me anything for fear that it &quot;implies liability&quot;. Allegedly they only have cameras in the casino and not the hotel hallways. Yeah, sure. I was double charged for my room which was already paid for at Orbitz. The place is ridiculously expensive. I have only bad memories of the Wynn. MAKE SURE YOU PUSH YOUR DOOR SHUT VERY HARD AND ENSURE IT IS LOCKED AND DEADBOLTED.	
Jun 14 2009 	The only place to stay in Vegas!	My fiance and I stayed at the Wynn for 5 nights (Friday, March 13th to Wednesday, March 18th) to celebrate both my birthday and our recent engagement. It would normally be just above our price range, but Expedia had an excellent deal going when we originally booked in January. Although I've stayed at great hotels on the strip in the past, the Wynn was by far the best hotel overall. The property is one of the most beautiful I've seen, sophisticated and rich with exquisite details. The staff is also very accommodating with requests. We requested a king-size bed with a view of the strip during check-in, and did not encounter any problems. The room (the standard resort room) was incredibly spacious and elegantly decorated. It featured a wall-to-wall, floor-to-ceiling window that allowed us take in a breathtaking panoramic view of the strip. We were also able to enjoy the nightly &quot;shows&quot; over the Lake of Dreams from our window every night!Like many hotels in the area, the food can be pricey, but well worth it if you can incorporate it into your budget. Breakfast at the Terrace Pointe Cafe was delicious, but get there early as there can be long lines. Same goes for The Buffet, which will cost you about $40 a person. If you're up for some great deli fare, Zoozacracker's will hit the spot. As for fine dining, you'll have a hard time choosing one of their many restaurants! We had dinner at SW Steakhouse, which was one of the best steak dinners we've had in a long time. For a more casual quick service meal or snack, Sugar and Ice is a great and cheaper option. For nightlife, we went next door to the XS club at Encore and had a fabulous time. We just did so much that I wouldn't be able to fit it all here, but it was nothing short of an amazing experience. I won't do Vegas unless I'm at the Wynn!	
Jun 14 2009 	Nice hotel but full of stuffy people.	We stayed at the Wynn for a week whilst on our honeymoon. Upon check in we were told that we were too early and that we could either wait and he couldn't guarantee a good room or pay for an upgrade which we did. I don't mind not being upgraded as there are probably loads of newly weds in Vegas however, it was more his unhelpful attitude that I found annoying.The room was lovely and we had a great view. It was very spacious.We found the service in the Wynn very irritating and we felt as though we were speaking to robots with pre-programmed answers. Although the service was good we didn't find it very personal.Also, there seemed to be a lot of other guests who thought they were very important and most of them were very rude. However, if your'e the kind of person who wears stillettos down the swimming pool you'll probably love it.	
Jun 14 2009 	Simply excellent hotel in Las Vegas	Stayed here in the Towers suites during May 2009 and can't recommend enough. Hotel is in a different league to others in Vegas. The Towers suites has it's own private entrance and lobby serviced by excellent staff. Feels very nice and lots of plush furnishings everywhere.In the towers suites area there is a private breakfast room by the lifts. The room was amazing with a spacious bathroom and everything you could need. Bed very comfortable with wireless internet available at a good price (can't remember what).Not much more to say other than you won't regret staying here.	
Jun 14 2009 	Don't go anywhere else!	Wynn has exceeded our expectations. We stayed at the Wynn for our honeymoon and wished we were there longer! From the valet to the dealers, everyone was very nice and professional. Great shopping and dining :) Will be back again	
Jun 13 2009 	"Bella"....what more can I say!	I just love this hotel, compared to prices in London this was an excellent value for money. We originally were staying at another hotel, but after walking through the Wynn, we decided to move. 5 star all round, absolute beautiful room with wonderful views. We did actually arrive early, but they were very kind and let us go to our room. Floor to ceiling window, most comfortable bed that I have ever slept in and the bathroom was amazing. Separate double shower and bath, two sinks, t.v, marble and more than enough towels. We did eat at the terrace restaurant near the pool and sipped cocktails by the waterfall. I had a very relaxing massage, by a gentleman called Robert, very professional. I purchased a couple of decorative glasses from one of the shops, I still can't decide on the gold plated panther.....!! All staff were friendly and professional. I must admit Mr Wynn you have a truly remarkable hotel, excellent design and taste. Thank you all for a wonderful stay, hope to see you soon.	
Jun 12 2009 	stay at the Wynn is a MUST	I stayed at the wynn for 4 nights! I don't have a single thing to complain about. Wynn is a bit more pricey but YOU GET great value for your money. trust me. upon arrival, we were asked if we wanted to upgrade for $25 extra pernight! my advice to you DO IT ! you get private pool, cut lines at clubs and the buffet. I also found the staff very helpfull. Great exprience overall. will Def. stay at the wynn again.if you're into the night club scene... XS is a must !!! great club.	
Jun 11 2009 	Will never return!!!!!!!	This was supposed to be a relaxing, fun get away, and with staying at the Wynn we fully expected the &quot;Royal Treatment&quot;...well let me tell you, unless you are going with Daddy Warbux, and you are the all &quot;High and Mighty&quot;, save your money!!!The staff were rude, the accomodations though nice, were even nicer at the Venetian.This was truly the trip from hell!!! The room was not ready, and after travelling for hours and being up half the night, you expect to at least get a room...so started off with a Migraine, and funny how it you would like to upgrade, you can get a room if you are sick, but it is going to cost you!!! then ensure your luggage has no locks, even unloced locks attached, since they convenietly decided to help me by &quot;locking&quot; my unlocked luggage that was borrowed, adn it only took a mere 2 hours for them to cut off the lock that &quot;they inadvertently locked for me&quot;.The overall experince was just &quot;rude&quot;, and I would never reccommend the Wynn to my worst enemy.After 4 days of not even wanting to stay there, we extended our trip, and moved to the Venitian where you truly do get Treated with Dignity, and Respect, and in our opinion is a much better choice of hotel, and vacation experience !!!!!!!!!!!	
Jun 9 2009 	Just Beautiful Las Vegas Style	Anyone planning to get married and also enjoy their honey moon in the same town and in class.........Well nothing beats Las Vegas and above all the fab. Wynn Hotel. Forget the gambling enjoy the shows in the Hotel and the beautiful laid out rooms especially with their all glass front style. Worth every second and every penny.Even if you are visiting Las Vegas for just fun Wynn would most certainly add that touch of class. The food where buffet is severed was excellent. Can't really fault anyone. I just wish they had more for vegetarians. Waitress was always serving with a nice big smile. Would be nice if they had more places in that hotel for vegetarians. But we enjoyed Wynn no regrets just fun.	
Jun 8 2009 	I love the Wynn!	I usually stay at TI, but this year I got a great rate at the Wynn, and the experience was wonderful. It's an expensive place to stay, but it's beautiful, very clean, and you don't have to leave the hotel at all for anything if you don't want to. The clubs are all really hip right now, and every night at least one is open. The rooms are almost as big as my condo, and the views from the big windows are beautiful even if you don't face the strip. I really can't find anything to fault the Wynn, unless I can blame them for the noisy sex that woke me up at 8:30 am on a Tuesday. Other than that, a great stay. I come for work but I play hard, and the Wynn is the perfect base to do it all!	
Jun 5 2009 	Wynn was awesome!!	We stayed at the Wynn From May 25th-May 31st and we loved the Wynn. After having a 3 hour delay in Cleveland we finally arrived at the Wynn. Front Desk service was excellent. We got a room right away and had an excellent view of the strip. The room was beautiful with floor to ceiling windows. Loved the bed and pillows had a great sleep every night. The bathroom was very big with a huge tub and separate shower a TV and two sinks. Staff was very friendly and housekeeping was great. The pool and hot tub area was beautiful. We enjoyed our stay very much and never had any problems. Never heard noise from the night club. The casino was very nice. It was nice to stay and play with the High Rollers. I agree with the check in and out being a little long of a wait but it wasn't bad. Even if you aren't a high roller The Wynn makes you feel special and they treat you great. Glad we had the opportunity to stay at a great place.	
Jun 5 2009 	Nice hotel but if you need anything you have to ask and ask and ask!!!	I thought the hotel was beautiful. I went with my friend and had nothing but aggravation with everything from the time I checked in to leaving. The room was a great deal on hotwire but everything else was lacking. I know I was there on a busy weekend (Memorial Day) but that is no reason for the ignorant staff. I go on 4 vacations a year and work hard so I can play hard and not worry about money. I work a lot of extra hours so I can enjoy my self. At check in I was told that the hotel was sold out so the 2 double beds that I had requested was not available. Lie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The people behind me got a room with double beds. I was told that the are none left for the night to check back in the morning. In the morning there were probably 200 people checking in. I went up to the desk and they said nope, sorry we are all sold out and it is never a guarantee on the a room with 2 double beds it is just a request. As I was being told that there were no double left, 5 guys were next to me and I ask them what kind of room they were getting. They said the standard. I said are you all planning on sleeping in the same bed together? They said no, we are getting 2 rooms . I said well, I was told that there are no rooms left with double beds. They got irritated with that and made comments as they checked in. They got double beds and an upgraded room!!!! They thanked me for the heads up. But not double beds for me. My friend on the vacation is diabetic and insulin dependent. We figured we could more something out of the mini bar and put her insulin in the vacant spot. Don't do that....The mini bar charges you after 30 seconds for the item that is moved. Even if you don't use the item. The front desk charged us $39.00 for the tiny champagne bottle that we moved. We called the front desk and then asked about refrigerator. We explained about the dilemma with the insulin and was given the option for a refrigerator for $25.00 a night. We said ok and the refrigerator was in our room in minutes. The hotel forgot to tell us that they offer medical refrigerators for no charge! When I found this out I was irritated. They did refund us the $50.00 for the 2 days that we used the fridge. Only after I found out about the medical refrigerator. The staff at the pool was the worst. They did not ask you if they could pick up you towel off your lawn chair. As it got later in the day and people were leaving the pool area the staff just went around and collected the towels laying around. They did not care that you may be using one and in the bathroom or something even if there were items under the chair showing that some one is sitting in the lawn chair. Well, my friend had her cell phone covered by the towels so it would not get wet. The phone ended up going to the laundry and lost for ever. The hotel told us that it was our problem and to make sure not to leave anything laying around. The pool itself was a nightmare....All of the seating around the pool is &quot;reserved&quot;, and you never see them filled by the end of the day. I will say about 50 % are never used. I asked 8 different people at the pool to direct me in the location of a lawn chair. Either they did not work in that area or the said they that they were on lunch or whatever. I know Las Vegas is all about tipping and I tip! I tip well, always. The staff would just look at you and decide in their minds if you were a tipper or not. The would not even get close enough to find out if you were going to tip them. I was at the pool for 3 hours before a nice lady who worked there got us 2 chairs. In the mean time others were getting them left and right and still we were left laying on the ground. It is a 5 star hotel that does not have 5 star service. There are more things to say about the hotel that are not that wonderful but you got the idea.... Oh, the electrical outlet was hanging off the wall and was fixed 3 times...	
Jun 5 2009 	Fun times at the Wynn	My girlfriend and I stayed here from May 6th until May the 10th and really enjoyed our stay. The Wynn is a beautiful Casino/Hotel with all the amenities you will ever need. Huge bathrooms with tiled floors. Separate showers and big jetted tubs sized for two. It is a little pricy but you cannot expext less than that from a 5 star hotel. The blackout drapes worked really good for our afternoon naps :D We were on the 33rd floor with a strip view. It was a great view.	
Jun 5 2009 	Simply the Best Hotel in the World	I have stayed at wynn 8 times in the last 3 years and it gets better every time. The rooms - King doubles all have floor to celing windows with amazing views of the strip and is breath taking at night, the beds are sooooooo comfortable and have 300 thread count sheets that feel like silk.The bathrooms - large, luxurious, have seperate bath and shower and even a 19in t.v.What ever anybody says this hotel is perfect.	
Jun 5 2009 	Go to the signature instead	The Wynn is a lovely hotel and has a beautiful pool area. The concierge are helpful and friendly and the rooms are beautifully set out.However, this hotel is set up for the fabulously wealthy. Don't think for a second that anything you see on the website beyond the pool and the room are included in the price. Other hotels provide a fridge that you can put your own waters and beers in, not the wynn though, they ensure there is no space for your own drinks and instead fill a hugely expensive mini bar instead. Whilst other hotels let you use the gym, the wynn will charge you a princely sum of $30 per day, or the &quot;bargain&quot; price of $75 for three days!We stayed in vegas for 9 nights and one of those we stayed in after a busy day and asked if there was a dvd player available to borrow, &quot;yes of course&quot; replied the friendly voice at the other end of the phone, just $75 dollars per night. I use this example just to show the mentality of the place, you are a captive customer base and they will try to squeeze every penny out of you.My tip would be to stay at the Signature at the MGM grand which is a wonderful hotel. they charge a $20 resort fee but that fee plus the room fee is cheaper than other hotels total price but has the benefit of your own jacuzzi in the bathroom, an enormous bed, 3 quiet pools + access to the livelier mgm grand pool and is located close to the monorail which will really help you to get around vegas. The attitude of the staff is far superior too, when i complained at the wynn i was heard but not listened to with no effort made to improve our perception of the hotel, i had a small query, not even a complaint at the signature and was corteously told that they would take $75 off the bill. The Wynn is a beautiful hotel and if money is no object you will enjoy it, but if like most people you have to save hard to visit vegas but want to stay in a luxury hotel then visit the signature at mgm grand or palms place and get much better value and a richer experience	
Jun 1 2009 	The Wynn-Best Hotel I've Stayed at in Vegas!	I never pose things in terms of absolutes, but I will say that my experience staying at the Wynn was extraordinary and clearly, to me, deserving of its five star rating.Though pricey, I feel that in Vegas, you kind of get what you pay for. I've stayed at a few other hotels on the strip (and even one off of it) and can say that the Wynn clearly outclassed all of them. The run of the hotel room was magnificent, with floor to ceiling windows on one side. The bathroom had both a shower and a large tub, a television in it and his and her vanities and sinks. The beds were super comfortable. There was even a fax machine in the room.The hotel was beautifully kept. The excersice room was stacked and the spa was gorgeous. Even the layout of the casino floor seemed to surpass that of other hotels as it seemed to lend to airiness and not have a thick fog of cigarette smoke hanging over it.Everything was a little pricier at the Wynn, but what you got for a few extra dollars totally made a difference. There was a clear difference in everything from the food to the rooms that elevated the Wynn and made my experience so wonderful.I totally would recommend to a friend (in fact, I have already told everyone who's asked about my trip about the hotel).	
Jun 1 2009 	Say what you will about Steve Wynn but the man knows how to design a hotel	My buddy goes to Vegas every year for an annual convention and on occasion I have been known to tag along and enjoy the fruits of the city while he's stuck in the convention center. This year he managed to score an incredible deal at The Wynn right around the NAB conference (for those not in the know it's one of the biggest annual conventions in LV) that was too good to pass up. Just as some background I have travel to Las vegas once or twice a year and have stayed at nearly every level of hotel from the Sahara up to the Bellagio. Bottom line is that The Wynn ranks right up there with The Venetian and The Bellagio as a Vegas 5 star resort. The service is top notch, exactly what you would expect of Steve Wynn. The hotel looks great and thankfully steers away from any particular theme (other than Wynn himself I guess). The rooms are...well...roomy. Bigger than many I have experienced and their floor to ceiling windows make Vegas almost part of your room. The main floor layout is a bit better/simpler than most other resorts on the strip making for finding your way around a lot easier. Spa is excellent but pricey (big surprise) but the purchase of any service gives you access to everything (excercise room, sauna, etc.). One issue though is the pool area. Although it looks large it's not quite big enough for a hotel this size. When the hotel is busy expect chair availability to be at a minimum unless you are there early. Drink service can also be slow during busy times. This is the one area where The Bellagio or Mandalay Bay have an advantage over The Wynn.Bottom line though is that if you are looking for the luxury Vegas experience you won't go wrong at The Wynn.	
Jun 1 2009 	OK But Not Great...	If you have to go to Las Vegas, then I guess the Wynn hotel is probably one of the better ones. Normally I avoid Las Vegas. The rooms are great and the view from the rooms is fantastic. The food as with most of the food in Las Vegas in hardly edible. It was also extremely expensive in the hotel. We went to the Stratta cafe and the food there was horrible. The pool area is enormous but not very inviting as it was so noisy and crowded. The casino was a essentially like most other hotels in Las Vegas, huge and noisy. The walls in the hotel rooms are paper thin and one night there was a party next door that was making so much noise we could not sleep. We had to call the front desk four times before they actually sent someone around to quiet them down.	
May 30 2009 	Great hotel but lacks value and substance.	Th Wynn is a hotel everyone loves. I think after my visit I can say it was just okay. Nothing bad happened but nothing great except com tickets for Le Reve (AMAZING!!!). The rooms looked like an orange tent. The bedskirts were too colorful. The service is FANTASTIC. I recommend the hot fudge sundae late at night from room service. Taste of Wynn allows you try several restaurants. Other then that my stay was average. The spa at Encore is WOW. I had the best facial ever and the facilities are lovely. I spent a whole day there and one day in the European Pool (topless).	
May 30 2009 	Great stay at the Wynn	Stayed at the Wynn Hotel for 4 days, booked thru Expedia and got a decent rate. Upgraded when we got there. Room was large, one wall was nothing but glass with a view of the strip and mountains. Bed was very comfortable. Bathroom had two sinks/vanities, large soaking tub and seperate glassed in shower. Housekeeping kept everything spotless. Overall the Hotel was lovely with a variety of high end shops, and restaurants. Did not gamble so did not pay attention to the casino. Staff was friendly and attentative. Would recommend the buffett there as the food was fantastic. Only complaint I would have was that even though we were on the 53rd floor, I could still hear muffled music from one of the night clubs (hard to believe but another reviewer had mentioned this also ) It did not bother my husband, but I ended up using ear plugs and problem was solved. Would love to stay again when in town.	
May 28 2009 	Mixed Feelings	I recently stayed at this hotel for a convention. The decor of the hotel was beautiful. The room was a nice size and beautifully decorated. One wall was entirely glass - floor to ceiling and one side of the room to the other. My room had a wonderful view out to the mountains and overlooking the Wynn golf course. The bathroom was large with a separate tub and shower, double sink, TV in the bathroom, and separate room for the toilet. Twice a day maid service was nice also.I ate at the Wynn buffet, which was pricey - $35 - and the food could only be described as adequate, at best. Rather than eat at the buffet, I feel that for that money, you could get a good meal elsewhere. Also, went to Blush at the Wynn. It was ok, but nothing to write home about. Be warned that this hotel is not shy about separating you from your money. In fact, they are shameless about it. I had a package shipped to me at the hotel and they charged $6 to receive it. They also charge $35 per day to use the gym. I can understand charging to use spa facilities, but for the prices that they are charging, they should at least let you use the gym for free. The pool area is very nice. It is large and there are both quiet areas and parts with a party-like atmosphere. Plenty of chairs and they give you free bottled water. The only negative is getting to the pool. You have to take the elevator to the spa level, walk throught the spa to get to another elevator to take you to the pool area. At the end of the day, when everyone is leaving the pool, that elevator, which is small, becomes very cramped and the wait is long. Seems that they could could do something about that.On Friday night, although I was on the 55th floor, I could still hear the music from the indoor/outdoor nightclub. Not loud, but enough to distract. I am a light sleeper, so I had to keep the AC on high. The noise went on until 4 A.M.All in all, a nice hotel, but tacky in many ways.	
May 28 2009 	just Ok.	It is a nice hotel, but i had better services in a 4 star hotel, don't expect much form them.when checking-in the person at the from desk offered me a room upgrade for $25 per night and i accepted, looked like a good deal at the time, when i got to the room i looked like the one i booked in the first place but i was not sure and did not say anything but when i got home i when to see my reservation and they charged me extra and gave me the same kind of room, after a call they said the extra $25 was for a higher floor..and i just had a answer to that &quot; that is ridiculous&quot; after 10 minutes on the phone the refund the money they charged me for the same room.If you are going to the pool get there early or you will not get a chair unless you pay for a pool attend, which by the way are very rude.and another thing, no HBO??? what kind of hotel doesn't have HBO these days....wynn does not.a lot of cheap stuff in a expensive hotel.	
May 28 2009 	I loved the Wynn and I will be back using my personal "Red" card.	Overall this had to be my best hotel experience ever, not counting my experiences outside of Vegas, country , state.. the Wynn has them all beat. I am judging not just by the room, but also by all the amenities that are available within the hotel such as the clubs/restaurants/decor/great view...This was my very first stay at the Wynn and it definitely won't be the last. When I was checking in, I was asked if this was my first time because they print out a &quot;Red Card&quot; for your room key. The Red Card not only gets you into the room, but also serves as your players card whenever you are playing at the Casino. It can be used again when you check into another room in the future and even has your name on it.The room was exactly how it looked in the pictures. I booked a resort room which featured the king sized bed, two tvs, one in the room, and one in the bathroom which came pretty handy. 3 telephones, and my favorite one had to be the one next to the toilet. Too bad it is only meant for incoming calls. Also a clear stand up shower, and a huge bath tub. I had the view of Tryst below and the strip which faced Treasure Island. The air conditioning system was superb. It literally took 2-3 minutes to get your room the desired temperature. Other things i noticed was the lighting in the room was perfectly place to bring the most out of the decor. There are several abstract paintings of flowers in the room which made the place look classy.Room service did a great job of cleaning, and it seemed like I had a brand new room the second night I stayed here. There was only one small gripe I had was with my TV remote running out of batteries. There was no possible way to turn my TV off on the set itself. If you did, its possessed with demons that would automatically turn it back on. I made a call to front desk at 3 am after I came back clubbing. When I woke up at 10, the TV was still on. I guess it didn't matter in the end since I was too intoxicated to notice that it was on the whole time.Another small gripe I had was the guest list at Tryst and XS were unavailable because of the holiday weekend. I feel that paying hotel guests should at least get some sort of priority if they would like to attend a club within the hotel. Come on Steve, don't you want us to spend more money at your resort?What made this place perfect for the summer were the pools. I got a chance to enjoy the Wynn pools that were privately accessible using the resort elevators. The pool area was huge and just slightly smaller then MGM's, but the adult pool is the best part. Adult meaning no kids allowed since there is gambling and topless tanning. I had a nice and relaxing time of doing absolutely nothing which made my vacation feel more like a vacation. I loved the Wynn, and I will be back using my personal &quot;Red&quot; card.	
May 28 2009 	Luxurious and relaxing with out the undesirable parts of Vegas.	I visited the Wynn with a group of friends for Memorial Day weekend. We got a great deal on a discount website, otherwise we probably would have stayed elsewhere just based on cost. After staying, however, I can't imagine staying anywhere else in Vegas. I've stayed at Mandalay Bay, Paris, Planet Hollywood, and Bally's prior to this trip. All of the staff was very attentive and polite. Check in was a breeze and we got exactly what we wanted - our two rooms close to each other and each with 2 beds.We spent a lot of time at the pool, which was gorgeous. The staff is very good about regulating the chair situation and helping guests get a chair whenever they show up. Of course, you have to tip them. We were fortunate enough to get chairs on our own each day. Everybody seemed to get up and head to lunch around 12, which was when most of our group actually got to the pool. The European Bathing pool had a great DJ and a walk up bar, in addition to the cocktail waitresses and a grill. The DJ was great - fun music. Drinks were actually not that bad. $14 for rum runners, margaritas, etc. $6.50-$8 for beers, alcoholic sno-cones for $10 with an extra shot for only $2. We did take our own drinks in water bottles one day, and saw some others who did the same, but most people did not. The nice thing was that we didn't feel nickeled at dimed at the pool. If you want to go to the topless pool @ Mandalay Bay they charge everyone, unless you are a woman and agree to go topless, in which case you get free drinks. The last time a friend was there he said they checked everybody's bag and that most of those people going topless appeared to be strippers. Not the case at Wynn. Not too many people were actually topless, so if that makes you uncomfortable, don't worry about it. Also, you can't get into the pool unless you are a guest of Wynn or Encore and there is no fee for anything but the cabanas. No searching your bag, you can bring snacks in if you want, or your own bottle of water, etc. Guests of Wynn can also use Encore's amenities. We checked it out one day to make sure we weren't missing anything. We liked Wynn's pool better, as well as the clientele. Encore's casino was a bit more...bordello and smokey. The pool was full of people smoking and ashing everywhere, not the case at Wynn's pool. Encore has lower published rates than Wynn, so it seems to have drawn a bit of a different crowd - a tad younger, but also a bit wilder and tackier. The crowd at the Wynn pool was predominantly 20s-30s, fairly attractive and put together people. Encore was heavier on the 20s (I'm in my mid-20s myself) but sloppier and wilder. We ate at The Drugstore Cafe most days for breakfast/lunch and had dinner one night @ Red 8. Reasonably priced food, very good. I was satisfied. We had wanted to go to the Buffet, but the line was very, very long. We didn't take advantage of the 3 course Prix Fixe menus available at the restaurants as many required you to dine between 5 and 7, or after 10. If you are ok eating at those times, then they may be a nice deal for you. Make sure you see the Orbs show on Lake of Dreams near Parasol Up/Down, SW, and Daniel Boloud Brasserie. It's one of the coolest free shows you can see in Vegas, but not built up like the Bellagio fountains (which are great). So there's not a lot of other tourists cramming around to see it. I didn't do a ton of gambling at Wynn, but when I did, I had no problem getting a drink, contrary to other reviews on here. I also didn't experience any rudeness from the staff or notice a preferential treatment to &quot;rich people.&quot; My friends and I are all in our early to mid-20s and certainly not &quot;rich.&quot; We treated our servers well, and they did the same to us. I never had a problem getting anything anywhere. The rooms are very nice, you can see for yourself on their website. The walls ARE very thin. We had security come to our room one night and we weren't even that loud. I could hear people in other rooms around us at times as well. That's a bit disappointing. I'll never stay anywhere else in Vegas but Wynn.	
May 28 2009 	Beautiful Hotel.	Pros:Beautiful hotel.Very clean rooms.Very large rooms.Cons:Nickel / Dime you for everything. a) Charge for internet access for each day, for the rate you are paying this is kinda annoying. b) You can't use the refridgerator to put any personal items in there. All weight sensor triggered to automatically charge you if you move items in the fridge around. c) Checkout was severly understaffed..Took over 40 minutes in line..In a hotel like this, you pull people off break/out-of-shift if you see a crowd. Unacceptable for a hotel of this calibur to have people waiting around like this.	
May 27 2009 	Beautiful oasis off the strip	The Wynn is definitely a ride in the lap of luxury. I read a few of the reviews ahead of time so I knew what to expect in terms of the weighted mini-bar, expensive restaurants and the like so I felt a little prepared for some things. When we checked in I requested a mini-fridge for the room for medication that needed to be refrigerated and within 10 minutes our fridge was brought up. Our room was on the 20th floor with a view of some of the strip (great view of the Treasure Island pirate show) and the Wynn waterfalls. Room was spacious enough and the adjustable flat screen was a nice bonus.The bathroom was amazing!! HUGE bathroom with a tub, separate glassed in shower, two sinks with vanity chair and mirror and a separate toilet area, like many European bathrooms. Great space for the ladies when getting ready to go out!!Nice hotel if you're looking to spend some money and feel like you're hob knobbing with the stars.Three cons to our stay; 1) Yes, you're paying for the name. Every place to eat was priced WAY above everyday prices, even by Vegas standards. The only cafe to pick up quick pastries and coffee always had a line out the door and coffee was at least $4. Skip it and take a walk a couple of blocks down to the Denny's or even the Peppermill Lounge, great food and prices. Recommend going to either for a big cheap breakfast and then splurge on dinner later on! 2) Check out was the BIGGEST pain! Apparently the computer system wasn't working right so you couldn't do any kind of express check out through the television, and since there wasn't any kind of card to fill out for express check out (like the hotel book states) we had to wait in a HUGE line for a 2 minute process, ridiculous! 3) If you want to go anywhere on the strip it's quite a walk, if you can stand the heat and the walk, great! But if you're limited to how long you can walk, tire easily, high high heels...just a warning that you'll have to shell out bucks for a taxi ride to get anywhere and to go to MGM, New York New York it's about $13-15 each trip, not including tips. A con but not a minus to the hotel itself.	
May 27 2009 	Nice Hotel not so nice service	Spent Memorial Day weekend at the Wynn. The property was impressive although the service inside the hotel was less than impressive. Everyone with the exception of the parking valets and pool side cocktail waitresses appear to be tried and dissatisfied with their jobs. This took away from my overall impression of this location. I would return only if I can find a really good deal.	
May 26 2009 	Best. Hotel. Ever.	I would live in the Wynn. The bathroom... OMG... the bathroom. HUGE. Gorgeous. Did I mention HUGE? And the room itself -- nicely appointed, amazing view of the Strip. Only problem was location -- it was toward the end of the Strip, but even that was more of a plus than a minus as it kept the hotel set back from the craziness of tourists looking for a 99 cent prime rib dinner. I love this place. I would go back time and time again. The Wynn has definitely won over this loyal guest.	
May 25 2009 	The only place I will ever stay again!	This was the nicest experience we have ever had staying in Las Vegas. The accomodations were first class and the the service was outstanding! I have never had such a gorgeous view from my hotel window as I did here! The pool was gorgeous and the restaurants were remarkable! We even won a little money in the casino! This is nothing short of grand!	
May 25 2009 	Watch these people!	Be sure to check the registration card carefully!!!!!!! I was offered a &quot;room upgrade&quot; for $25/night. I clearly declined and they knew it but they included a cryptic notation on the card that I signed. They ended up saying I agreed to the $25/night charge. My mistake but check your registration card carefully. These people aren't above sneaking a charge on there and refusing to remove it later. They'll do anything to get a buck from you above board or otherwise.	
May 25 2009 	Classy	Wynn is a five diamond hotel for a reason. I'm typically a budget travel and don't get many chances to stay in places like Wynn. Everything about the hotel screams luxury - the lobby, the casino, the stores, the pool. The rooms are nice and comfortable. The location on the strip is awesome.I got a great deal on Hotwire, but the problem is that if you can't afford a $35 hamburger or fancy expensive drinks, you'll have to look elsewhere on the strip for things to do. If you can afford it, this is the place to be.	
May 22 2009 	Loved it!!!!	Taking advice from another trip advisor I asked for a room with a view of the strip.I certainly got one , on the top floor. The view was amazing. The room was lovely with a huge bathroom and plenty of great products.We could lie in bed and see the whole strip at night.I can't fault the hotel.The staff are so helpful.We ate in the resturant with the waterfall view and singing frog every night. I could not fault the food ( although a tad expensive due to our exchange rate).The pool area is perfect.Booked tickets for their show , Reve...... out of this world! The Wynn does not have the same brash feel as the other casino hotels and after reading all the reviews of other hotels I am so glad we booked it.This hotel was our last stop before flying home.... loved the hotel and loved Vegas!	
May 22 2009 	Nice place would not return	The Wynn is pretty on the outside, much less tacky on the inside than many other Vegas resorts. However, for the money, the Wynn is not really worth the stay. Upon check-in, it was made clear to us that the resort and management are concerned more with making foreign tourists with money happiest. I understand that they are a business, but is it really necessary for your employees to mention something like this to guests upon checking in? We had a king room facing the Strip - it was lovely. Being on a non-smoking room, however, I didn't expect smoke to be pouring in through vents in our bathroom, yet that's what we got every night. When I called the reception to complain, the response was &quot;There is nothing we can do about what guests do in the privacy of their own rooms.&quot; Nice. I have stayed in hundreds of hotels and resorts for business and leisure - NEVER have I been refused a late check-out, especially on a Sunday. The Wynn refused to give us even an hour. I suppose it isn't their problem that we had a late return flight out of Vegas, but when you are in the casino at 4pm and see folks coming out of the elevator with their luggage to check out and you've been told that the hotel would not be honoring any late check-outs that day, it does miff you a bit. The hotel certainly does a good job of over-pricing everything in the rooms, restaurants, spas, shops, you name it. And forget about a chair at the pool unless you get out to it at about 9am. Drinks will set you back about $14 poolside. I suppose that the Wynn is the place to be seen for the international jet-setter. In that respect, sure, it's the place to go if you're 25, living off your parents money or a trust fund, and have no problem paying double what you would anywhere else in Vegas for your pedestrian meals, drinks, etc...,. The upside to the Wynn is that there are no kids (no offense to moms and dads of the little ones) and the physical environment is truly beautiful. But frankly, you don't necessarily get what you pay for at the Wynn - it's overpriced (even at it's regular prices) and full of superficial people.	
May 22 2009 	Beautiful room----everything we needed. Staff was friendly	We stayed at the Wynn in a Parlor Suite--everything was perfect--no prpblems at all. Bathrooms large--living room and bedroom both had great TV's and the beds were more comfortable than any hotel I have ever stayed in. Staff is friendly and helpful. Housekeeping was great. Hotel is a little far from the center strip--had to take a cab everytime we wanted to go somewhere else. But, overall this hotel is just beautiful and I have no complaints! Overall an AAA+++	
May 21 2009 	WYNN is still a WINwin after four visits!!	When in Las Vegas, the WYNN meets all expectations plus more..FOUR years in a row... It is very difficult to compare...other hotels do measure up with rooms and restaurants HOWEVER, none have the location of the Wynn. The WYNN is at the opposite end of the strip from the airport...what use to take 20 minutes to reach, now can take 45 to 60 minutes. Once checked in THE FUN BEGINS!!!A normal room is beautiful with tons of amenities. The elevators are segmented into two divisions for faster service to your floor/room.Upon entering the hotel, you walk into a spectacular garden area, with the casino to the left and the shops, ponds, waterfalls to the right. Everything is designed to put you in a great mood. There are fantastic restaurants. We have dined at most of them, from casual to super elegant...and I cannot think of one complaint.The employees must be trained to ensure utmost elegance without a snobbish attitude that makes me feel very uncomfortable.My favorite spots have to be the cafe, the cafe terrace &amp; the store located in the main concourse. The prices aren't your average drugstore, but the goods are unique and fun.I may be biased but I think the coffee at the WYNN is the most delicious I have ever had. I am craving a cup at this moment!The location is spectacular for a walker, like me! A walk across the bridge leads you to the Fashion Mall, other hotels or outside shops. The heat was unbearable...so after a day of shopping til dropping, a few hours at the pool cooled me off...I preferred the American, while my younger guests scoped out the European.I called in the am for an afternoon massage. I had an Arabian with Kevi &amp; what do you think? It was spectacular! The casino hosts, the servers, ALL of the employees go out of their way to accommodate. (It is almost Disney-like the way they are so organized and friendly)...This was our 4th year (business with pleasure)...we even had connecting rooms with our adult children.I really enjoy the WYNN atmosphere. I just cannot say enough great things about this HOTEL.	
May 21 2009	The WYNN is fabulous	Just returned from a 4 night stay with my mother in Vegas. We had a great time there overall, but we especially loved staying at the Wynn. Not only was our room beautiful, but the hotel is gorgeous and the service outstanding. It was my mother's first time to Vegas (and only my second) so I wanted it to be special. I was pleased that we got such a great deal when booking the trip through a travel agency (better than online), but we also found out soon after arrival, and joining their 'red' club and gambling a bit there, that because we were first timers at the Wynn and accumulated enough points on our club cards that were we both entitled to a free buffet for two. So we ended up eating dinner two nights at their buffet for free. And what a buffet it was! I have been to buffets before, but never like this one. It was like eating at a gourmet restaurant. We also got money back in play credits. You can also take advantage of the sister hotel, The Encore (S. Wynn's newest) amenities. It is connected to the Wynn. While in Vegas we visited about a dozen hotels and saw their various interiors and free attractions and soon realized that the Wynn surpassed them all in opulence. We were so happy each day to return there after long days on the strip. The beds were exceptionally comfy. Two points of warning....if you want double beds your view will be of the mountains and not the strip (which was fine) and don't purchase anything from the mini bar. I paid over $4 for a can of Coke! The Wynn is also situated nicely. It is across from the Fashion Show, which is a huge mall that has a food court. We took advantage of the $7 24 bus passes on The Deuce bus line. We did this for 3 of the days. It allows you to jump on and off at the different casinos on the strip and even takes you downtown. You have to go there to the Fremont Experience. It is a light show so you should go at night. Don't miss seeing it while you're there. I would totally recommend staying at the Wynn and would definitely do so again.	
May 21 2009 	Not very satisfied	Stayed in the tower suite. Supposed to be 5 Stars but definitely not. Room a bit dated with lot of stains on the carpet, dirty windows and very bad view. Stayed 3 days was supposed to be comped three nights but at check in was told that only 2 nights was comped and was asked to sign a paper to pay 400$ for the third night (the offer slot giveaway tournament clearly said three nights complementary ???). Anyway I did not pay for the third night but I had to ask for a host (a bit irritating). The last day the housekeeping did not clean the room I had to call housekeepingat 18h00 (not very good for a five stars hotel). 2 Private pools for the guests at Tower suite but always full never got a chance to have a chair there. Food was horrible at Terrace point Café for lunch. Also had breakfast at the Cafe at Encore (75$ US for 2 people only eggs, toast, coffee and orange juice can you believe it and it was for ordinary).Spa was nice.I don't thing I will stay there again. Very disapointed. Would probably tried something else or go back to the Palazzo.	
May 21 2009 	Now I'm Spoiled	This was my first time to stay in a room at the Wynn, although I had been there before to go to the clubs and gamble. Our room was a resort tower room that looked right out toward Treasure Island, good view. Everything was clean, nice and comfortable. The staff at the Wynn is exceptional as well. Blush and Tryst are 2 of the best clubs/lounges to go to and the Terrace Cafe has good food. The pools are nice, but get out there early if you want a chair. Even though we would venture off to other hotels to gamble or go to the clubs, we would always find ourselves back at the Wynn before too long. I LOVED IT! If you feel it's pricey, at least splurge once and stay there, you will be happy you did.	
May 21 2009 	beautiful hotel not so great service	The Wynn is one of the most beautiful resorts I have ever stayed at. However, it being a 5 star resort, I expected 5 star service and was quite disappointed. We had several problems with the hotel in the first few days of our stay. Some staff are much friendlier than others. While I enjoyed my overall stay in Vegas, I would definitely NOT recommend this resort to others.	
May 19 2009 	Full of Class...Best in Vegas!	Stayed at the Wynn May 9-12…Pros:Got a great deal on nwa.comUpgraded for $25/day for a panoramic view…The room was beautiful (stayed on the 53rd floor), bathroom was wonderful and the view was amazing!Food was great! Terrace Point Café, Wynn Buffet, Zoozacrackers, Sugar &amp; Ice, etc.Staff was friendly and accommodating!Casino was perfect…not dark and smoky! If you want to go elsewhere, just take a quick walk to Encore.Nice pool (found a spot near the European pool under a tree because it was so hot).Le Reve is truly OUTSTANDING!Fashion Show Mall is a quick walk away.Cons:Ears pop going up to 53rd floor. Also, it can get quite annoying when the elevator stops on every floor before you get to yours. Just ask for a lower floor if this bothers you.Tryst and XS had a huge line to get in and because of the line, that area can get quite clogged and annoying to walk through if you want to go to Encore.No small refrigerator in room to put drinks (the one in the room is completely filled with items to purchase).	
May 19 2009 	Great room excellent service - A+	Last weekend we spent a one-night mini vacation at the Wynn to see the Jimmy Buffett concert (at the MGM). We travel to Vegas a few times per year and had been wanting to try out the Wynn for sometime. We booked through a discount website and got a rate around $150 -- not bad for a Saturday night.The check-in was smooth. Simply no issues. We asked for a high-up room and were given one on the 58th floor with an amazing view of the strip. The reservations agent was friendly and answered our questions about room options and the resort. He offered a suite upgrade for a fee, which we declined because of the short stay.The room was large and spotless. The decor was simple, but we liked the small sitting area and the workstation. The bathroom was huge with a separate shower and tub, separate toilet area and a small flat panel TV. As mentioned above, the view could not be beat. The automatic window shades were a nice touch. We had no issues with noise. The bed was very comfortable and we slept soundly.We did not gamble in the hotel or use any of the pool, wireless or exercise amenities. We also did not eat in the hotel or otherwise visit any of their bars/restaurants. This was primarily due to our one-night stay. As such, we cannot comment on other reviews expressing dissappointment at these features. We found the grounds to be immaculate. Our two critiques would be the expense and the location. If you were paying regular book rate, this hotel is very pricey. Also, we tend to spend most of our time at the south end of the strip and find walking from the Wynn to MGM or Mandalay to be a chore. In short, this is a awesome property with first class rooms and service. We would recommend the Wynn and will definitley return -- assuming we can find a deal to help with the price of the rooms.	
May 19 2009 	Will definitely stay again	ServiceProfessional and courteous. Complimentary drinks were served quickly and repeatedly whilst gambling, even at the cheapest slot machines. Waitress service was also prompt by the pools. The key is securing your first purchase, after which the waitresses will offer more regular service than you need.RoomsVery large and well-appointed in neo Baroque style. Ladies will appreciate the full-sized hand towels, perfect for wrapping up hair. Those with sensitive skin may wish to bring their own bathroom products. Walls are indeed thin but this is irrelevant if you carry ear plugs. Who wants to risk having a trip blighted unnecessarily? I am an extremely light sleeper and never travel without these beauties: http://www.earplugsonline.com/PoolVery large pools and exquisite gardens. Busy at weekends, especially European i.e. topless pool, which has a party atmosphere (and great BBQ) at weekends. Elsewhere, the pool scene is peaceful. Few umbrellas so if you want shade and don't want to rent a cabana, sit within the first half of the grounds and you will only have sun in the morning. Guests can use the Encore pool area, which is much smaller and quieter.RestaurantsUniformly excellent. Many restaurants offer 3-course tasting menus, starting at $29. Breakfast buffet good value at $19.95. Drinks expensive (but strong!). Some of the best cocktails I have ever tasted e.g. the Black Pearl at Red 8.EntertainmentLa Reve is fabulous and the theater layout means every seat is a great seat. (Avoid the first couple of rows if you don't want to be splashed.) Elsewhere, the Criss Angel show at Luxor is to be avoided unless you want to see a dumbed-down Cirque du Soleil production with infrequent and predictable smoke-and-mirrors manipulation. ShopsExcellent high-end shops with exciting array of interesting designers. Fashion Show Mall across the street offers great variety and options to suit all pockets.InteriorClever design balances Strip buzz with peaceful haven. Detailing such as the floor butterfly mosaics gives the interior an elegant edge. The ambience in the casino is the most pleasant on the Strip, as is the clientele.	
May 18 2009 	Nice location big rooms but... that's all	Very good location, nice place, huge rooms, but beware: luxury hotel, beautiful but comes at a price.And even after having your room payed, you must pay for everything: WIFI, Fitness, Spa, Snack, ... you can't even use the fridge: what a shame!!! WIFI is more than overpriced, it is a rape!! (why not free, hello 21th century??)Remove something from the snacks or the fridge for more than a few sec and... you pay! (warn your children, don't touch anything)Swimming pool is free (Oh well!), convenient parking (free, also...).	
May 16 2009 	Good people petty policies	The people working at the Wynn are very courteous and helpful.But the hotel is cheap; no newspapers for a 5 star hotel? You can't store your own drinks in the fridge? They have a weight sensor to find out if you take the snacks. 25 to use the exercise equipmentThe white damask fabric on the room furniture was a bad choice.Sorry Steve	
May 16 2009 	Mixed Feelings	This is a beautiful hotel. Rooms are kept clean and never had a problem with housekeeping coming to clean the room. The bed is probably one of the most comfortable I have ever slept on. We stayed in a regular resort room and the problem we had was that the walls are paper thin. I had seen this in other reviews and just thought to myself, &quot;it can't be that bad.&quot; Well it is! We could hear word for word what our neighbors were saying and they weren't yelling at each other. It was ridiculous. Vegas, in general, everything is so overpriced as far as food goes. The thing we didn't like is that the food court was across the street at the mall compared to the Venetian and a few other hotels where it's located in the hotel. Sugar &amp; Spice is really good and has great ice cream. The Buffet was good. We ate there twice and I never understood why it took a really long time for them to sit us when there were plenty of open tables. Never seen anything like it. The Cafe by the pool has great food, too. The pool is really nice but I would say you need to be there by 1030 if you want a chair directly next to the pool. Otherwise, you should be able to find a chair further back. The Casinos at both the Encore and Wynn are really nice, but we found that we won more money at the Encore. I had also read in several reviews how people would be playing games in the casino, request a drink from the waitress, and then she either never came back or took forever to come back. This happened to me. I saw the waitress walking around with my drink for a really long time but she was never close enough for me to get her attention. Finally I had to get up from my machine and chase her down. She stated she &quot;lost me,&quot; which I am not really sure how considering I was at the same slot machine for an hour. Yes, that's how long it took to get my drink. Overall, we had a really great experience with the Wynn, just wish the walls weren't so paper thin. No, we will not stay here again. We would chose the Venetian any day for many different reasons before we stayed here again.	
May 15 2009 	I love this hotel!	The Wynn at las vegas now has me spoiled. I have traveled since staying at the Wynn and no other hotel is even remotely close to being as nice. From the service, to the rooms, everything is 5 star. The standard room is very large; the bathroom is terrific! Usually in Vegas, you don't spend much time in the room but we did because it was so nice and comfortable. We had a great view overlooking the strip. The bufftet was super good, but get there early or you will wait in a long line. If you gamble even a little bit, they will compensate you with a front of the line buffet pass that is essential for the dinner time line. The Wynn was only slightly more expensive than the other strip hotels and it was well worth it! I definately would stay here again :)	
May 15 2009 	Fantastic rooms and pool in the heart of the strip	I was a little worried about staying at the crazy 'strip' hotel in Vegas but I have to say all my worries were unnecessary.We had booked a suite which has a seperate check-in place which we missed so ended up going through the casino etc. to the tower suites but it gave us a quick view of the hotel.We stayed in a Palor Suite which was massive - they offered to up-grade us for $100 a night but we're glad we didn't as we seriously would have been lost in it! The suite is just fantastic and offers great value for money, i have never seen a bathroom so big! We were on the 52nd floor over looking the strip which fantastic although we had orginally been checked in at the general check in area and told that the 9th floor was a high floor with great views who was he trying to kid :( but as soon as i got to the suite check-in desk they changed it without any question to the 52nd floor.There is a seperate pool area for the tower suites which is alittle small (plenty of sunbeds as it wasn't busy when we were there but I think it probably is in high season and the sun disapears from 90% of the pool area by 3 ish due to the shadow of the tower, however the main pool gets the sun until late. You wouldn't know you were on right on the strip when you are out by the pool, the gardens are lovely.There is free water by the tower suite pool and there is waiter service although we had to wait a while to get the them, we also had lunch at the pool and although it wasn't cheap but there was a lot of it and it tasted good.The only complaint i had was the fee for the gym $30 a day - which i thought was expensive when you can only use it once a day and its not easy to run outside due to the bridges and heat (even at 7am). its free if you get a treatment in the spa but there is a min spend of $70Other than that i would say luxury rooms and everything else is hotel prices which you kinda of expect.The casino is great, nice a light and isn't seedy at all - great place for everyone to stay	
May 14 2009 	Beautiful!	The beds were SO comfortable, the food was great, the clubs were awesome, the bathroom products were top of the line, Steve Wynn does not go cheap. Everything-all the details did not go unnoticed. Awesome and helpful staff. Only complaint was the pool area was really packed and we could not get a spot.	
May 14 2009 	Great Stay	We went for our anniversary and had a great time. Everyone was real nice, the place was first class, and the casino beautiful and smoke free. Will be going again this december for our 10th anniversary and can't wait.	
May 14 2009 	Best hotel in Las Vegas	Because Steve Wynn is a modern-day Vegas legend, because this town almost entirely owes its present-day look and outlook to him, because this hotel (built on the site of the old Desert Inn and opened on the same day, Apr 28, that grand old dame was originally opened) came with a $2.7-billion price tag, and because there was a great deal of hype that used words and phrases such as &quot;like nothing you've ever seen before,&quot; there was a corresponding amount of anticipation and expectation surrounding the opening of this, Vegas's newest and perhaps most trumpeted resort. The result? Something that is at once pretty &quot;wow&quot; and a whole lot &quot;It looks like Bellagio.&quot; In short, it was something many of us had, in fact, seen before, just down the street. And that is both fair and not; sure, the hotel does not live up to its sui generis claims, but that's obvious only if you have previous knowledge of other Vegas hotels. If you are new to town, this will look plenty spectacular. A better question might be &quot;What's the visitor getting for that price tag?&quot; This is especially relevant since the room rate can be upward of $400 a night (though even as soon as a month after it opened, certain e-mail-only offers went as low as $139). Just about everything here can generate sticker shock in all but those used to costly resorts, but note that costly resorts usually have one-tenth the number of rooms here.The hotel feels a little bit cramped when you first enter -- we are used to swooping Vegas lobby displays -- and the reception area is impractically proportioned, resulting in some check-in wait issues. The suspicion is that all this makes the place seem less behemoth and more resort-size. The hotel has no discernible theme (apart from that tendency to prompt constant comparisons to Bellagio), which may be disappointing for those looking for, say, a New York-New York style of theme-aganza. The interior has some superior moments, including considerable use of natural light (via various skylights and atriums), unusual in this town and most welcome, and a floral motif reflected in eye-catching brightly hued floor mosaics, artistic fresh flower arrangements throughout, and, best of all, the atrium that runs down the center and, like its predecessor at Bellagio, features frequently changed displays. There are also some of the most garish lighting fixtures in a town not known for its subtlety in chandeliers. The layout is devoted to old-school Vegas floor planning, which forces guests to maneuver around and through the casino to get anywhere.As with all other Wynn hotels, there is an installation in front of the building, a 150-foot tall man-made mountain covered in trees (many mature trees taken from the old Desert Inn golf course) and waterfalls, and like the others, this comes with a &quot;free show.&quot; The quotation marks are because said show is not viewable from the street -- neither, in fact, is the mountain itself. The latter can be glimpsed only in bits and pieces, though there is a decent shot at a portion of it as you enter from the Strip across from the pedestrian walkway; the former can be viewed only when either dining at the SW or Daniel Boulud Brasserie, or having a drink at a couple of bars, where you will be required to purchase two drinks per person, starting at $12 a glass. There is one truly free viewing platform, but it is tiny.These complaints notwithstanding, there's nothing really wrong with the place; we just nitpick because the prehype invited it. In fact, there is much to like here. The rooms are the hands-down best on the Strip (at least, that aren't suites, such as at The Venetian or THEhotel). They're particularly large (and have kind of ruined us for even the more spacious of other rooms), with much-appreciated floor-to-ceiling views (west side shows off the mountain and waterfalls, east side the golf course; both are choice), deeply comfortable beds with high-thread-count sheets and feather beds atop good-quality mattresses plus down comforters, flatscreen TVs, and excellent up-to-the-minute bathrooms complete with quite long and deep tubs, their own flatscreen TVs, and lemony amenities. Take note of the silky-satiny robes (the best we've ever had in a hotel) and plush velour slippers. All the rooms are done in shades that happily break the recent trend toward bland parchment tones, but at least one of the palettes is a strange hybrid of salmon and terra cotta, so while we appreciate the effort, the result can be disconcerting. Love the Warhol flower prints, though. There is alleged turndown service at night, but that can be spotty.The gym is excellent, stuffed with up-to-the-minute equipment, most with individual TV screens, though we could do without the windows looking onto an interior hallway that make our workout visible to all passersby. The spa area is serene and particularly pretty, with an atrium emitting natural light into the bathing areas. The pool area has four oval-shaped numbers connected by some stretches long enough for laps, plus a &quot;European sun-bathing&quot; (read: topless) area that includes outdoor blackjack tables.Dining options are superb (though generally exceptionally pricey), including Alex, Bartolotta, Corsa Cucina, Daniel Boulud Brasserie, Red 8, and the Wynn Las Vegas Buffet. A shopping street features high-end choices -- Chanel, Cartier, Manolo Blahnik, Gaultier -- but still seems a bit more lower-economic (that's relative, mind you) than a similar one at Bellagio. Make special note of the apothecary-style shop next to the sundries shop; it stocks all sorts of fine lotions and potions, including, remarkably, the centuries-old, coveted (and still difficult-to-find) monk-produced line from the Santa Maria Novella Pharmacy in Florence. Monk-made products in Vegas? Well, why not? There's also a Ferrari dealership -- no, really, and what's more, it's so popular that they actually charged admission to gawk for a while.In the end, this is a very adult hotel, in the best sense -- classy and mature. But still, so was the old Desert Inn, which hit all the right resort notes even in its last days, only to be replaced by the bigger-is-better ethos.Facilities: 22 restaurants; casino; showrooms; 3 wedding chapels; 4 outdoor pools; health club; spa; concierge; tour desk; car-rental desk; business center; salon; 24-hr. room service; in-room massage for suites; laundry service; dry cleaning; executive-level rooms	
May 13 2009 	It can hardly get better.	I have booked this hotel for only 106 dollars per day. We were staying in 37th floor and it was the nicest place you can get - view on the strip with everything you wnat in the room. If you will stay in Wynn, you HAVE to go on the champagne brunch, it is excuisit!!!This hotel is 100 times better then Bellagio, where service is horrible and also casino is not nice. If you want fabiolous vacations go here and just enjoy!!!	
May 12 2009 	Beautiful Resort - Ugly Service	The Wynn Las VegasI always have a hard time deciding whether to start with the good or the bad. Since I’m in a good mood today, let’s begin with the good. The Wynn is a beautiful resort in every way. The public spaces (lobby, casino, esplanade, restaurants, etc) are breathtaking at times. The rooms are spacious and nicely appointed, the floor to ceiling windows add to the spaciousness of the accommodations. The bed was comfortable; the bathroom was fit for both a king and a queen. To sum it up, the Wynn offers the nicest rooms and grounds in Vegas. The pool was well maintained and a great oasis to relax and soak up the Vegas sun. My only issues were the lack of cocktail servers and the cheesy elevator music which was streamed throughout the day.Sounds good so far…let’s press on…in the case of Wynn Las Vegas, 5 star accommodations does not equate to 5 star service. From our arrival to our departure I found the service at the Wynn to be lacking, in fact I can honestly say that I’ve had better service at a Super 8 motel. The lack of a doorperson to assist with bags and doors was the beginning of the downward spiral. A 5 star hotel that doesn’t have someone to assist with doors? That is unheard of in my opinion. The cluster during check-in was also difficult to ignore. With no order aside from a man “directing” guests to a line, check-in was a ightmare. The place wasn’t even packed yet it still took 25 minutes to reach the front of my designated line (which was only 4 people deep). During my last Las Vegas visit, I checked into the Paris in a matter of 10 minutes (and that was with a larger group ahead). With the room not ready, we had to store or bags. One would assume that would be easy, needless to say we had to haul our bags back outside through the un-automatic doors. I’ve checked into many hotels and when I was notified that my room was not yet a ready a bell person was standing by to take my bags into storage.After 2 hours I received a call that our room was ready (it was a few hours before the check-in time so I was happy to be able to head up to my room and relax). We proceeded back to the registration area where I had to wait ANOTHER 25 minutes to get a room which I had already checked in to. A collective 50 minutes to get a room.When staying at the Wynn a hold is placed on your credit card, not a big deal until they charge over double what they promised, causing my bank account to go into chaos. This was just another stress to add to an already stressful first day. Hotel management didn’t seem to care; luckily the issue was resolved after 14 or so hours.After the unimpressive service, the room was a welcomed relief. After being booked on a non-smoking floor, I found it interesting that cigarette smoke was pouring into our bathroom. Not the fault of the Wynn and they handled the situation without to much pain on our end. Night number 3 was a nightmare. Noisy neighbors put a damper on what should have been a relaxing evening. Every sound and motion from the room next door was heard, after some calls to the front desk/security the issue was unresolved. The end result was us moving to another room in the middle of the night. Not a happy camper.The only highlight from the Wynn staff was our bellman, he brought our bags to our room in a matter of minutes (on our first day) and he also assisted in moving our stuff during the frat party next door.Would I stay at the Wynn again? Probably not, the stresses of dealing with bad service outweigh the pleasant accommodations. When traveling to Vegas this fall, I will avoid the Wynn and take my hard earned dollars elsewhere.	
May 12 2009 	Beautiful but PRICEY!!	The rates on the rooms themselves weren't bad but when you actually wanted to eat or drink something, especially at the pool, it was crazy expensive! We paid $32 for 2 frozen strawberry drinks! The soda's were $4.50 for a small glass. The pool was fabulous and so was the atmosphere of the hotel but it seemed that they took advantage of the fact that the larger percentage of the people that stayed there had some money. We are not huge drinkers and after a couple of days at the pool and a couple of less expensive dinners at their Sugar and Ice cafe we still left with a $500 bill. Wow. But such a beautiful place. OH! And let's not forget they charge you $30/day to go to the gym.	
May 11 2009	Wow!!!	My brother and I stayed at the Wynn from May 3 to 8. It was such a beautiful experience. We did experience some minor issues which were resolved promptly by the staff but did not change our feelings towards this hotel. The staff were always friendly so this made the stay very enjoyable. I would most definitely choose this hotel over any on the strip even the Palazzo.	
May 11 2009 	Amazing	We spent 14 nights here. The hotel is absolutely beautiful. The rooms are big, clean and very luxurious. We were only on the 6th floor, but had a brilliant view of the strip. Was peacefully quiet, we didn't hear any strip noise at all, no noise from the club, no noise from neighbours, etc. Everything in the property is kept spotlessly clean - the room, bathroom, casino, pool area - everything - amazingly clean. All staff were overly helpful and friendly. We had a few comped buffets, the buffet really is good - I seriously recommend you try it. Also make sure you have a drink in Parasol Down.Overall, this is the best hotel I've ever stayed in and I've stayed in lots of 5 stars all over.	
May 11 2009 	Amazing Hotel In Vegas!!!	Just back from a week at the Wynn and my first time in Vegas. This hotel is amazing. Checking in was a bit frustrating as there seemed to be no organisation to it but once we got to our room it was all worth it. The view is amazing especially with the floor to ceiling windows. The pool is really beautiful and is probably suited to a younger crowd especially by the Cabana bar. As the weekend got closer this area seemed to get more crazy, party in the pool all day. Staff were plesant but not overly friendly. We ate in a couple of the restaurants and the food was nice in all of them, maybe a little bit overpriced for what you get. I think the locals are probably more impressed with Wynn than the tourists. Every part of this hotel is over the top, I think if it was anywhere else in the world it would probably appear gaudy but its perfect for Vegas. Only negative is the charge for using the gym, think you are paying enough to stay in the hotel without this additional charge.	
May 10 2009	Awesome one of the best!	Stayed 2nd May - 9th May.Room on 50th floor (extra $25 per night, but worth it!) excellent view of the strip.No issues with check in and check out. Room was lovely and spacious.Room tidy promptly, pool great. A little noisy in the European area at weekend.Salon (had my hair done) staff very friendly and helpful. Very pleased with the result.Ate in Stratta, Wazzuz, breakfast buffet and The Country Club, all exceptionally good.Recommend Parasol Down bar patio area to watch the shows on the lake.	
May 10 2009 	Excellent Stay - Great Buffet!	I stayed one night at the Wynn in a resort room overlooking the golf course and mountains on Monday, April 27. I got an excellent rate of $109. through the mail, so having arrived one day early for meeting friends and our Palazzo reservation, I decided to try the Wynn. Checkin was fast and easy. Everyone there was friendly. The room was very clean and comfortable. Bed was awesome. I played the slots and won a little on the poker machine and also did well in the poker room playing 2-5 blinds, no limit hold 'em. The casino lay-out has adequate space so you don't feel cramped, even when it is crowded. I walked to the Fashion Show Mall across the street and bought some supplies, toothpaste, etc. at the ABC store and also ate at the food court while walking around the mall. You can enter the mall via the walkover without having to go onto the strip, so it was very convenient. Later that week, we walked over to the Wynn from the Palazzo and ate at the buffet twice (it was comped both times due to Red Card points). The food was excellent and everything was first quality with many choices. The restaurant staff was friendly and attentive. No complaints about the Wynn. I would not hesitate to stay there again!	
May 9 2009 	5 Star yeah 6 star absolutely....	This Hotel is by far one of the most beautiful, well kept, pristine Hotels on the face of the earth.Well what can I say? My wife and I had countless delays on our journey there and it ended up taking a massive 25 hours from Manchester to Vegas with a connecting flight from Philidelphia to see my Father get hitched in the Wynn Hotel, but was not half as bad as we thought as we were upgraded to first class seats both there and back for some bizzare reason which made traveling bliss.Anyway this review is all about the Hotel; From the minute you check in until the sad moment you have to check out you will be catered for in every respect, from room service, concierge, shop assistants, bell boys, croupiers,drink servers and especially the team who arranged the wedding from photographers to the actual Priest (who was a real good laugh) and then onto the meal which must be the finest restaurant in the whole of the States situated on looking the most fantastic waterfall you can possibly imagine due to its magical colour display and then giant frogs, giant human heads (YES GIANT HUMAN HEADS!!) and exotic puppets putting on a display you could never dream of (check it out on youtube The Wynn Frog/waterfall and you will see i'm not exadurating.All in all we could write on and on about this elegant Hotel but feel this is just the tip of the iceberg that you need to get in the mood for a great Holiday.Have a great time it's doubtful you won't.	
May 9 2009 	loved the wynn	We stayed at the wynn 20-28 April. We booked a standard room with a promo code and got a rate of $119 a night. There were no lines at check in, we were given a room on the 56th floor overlooking the strip. We had to pay a deposit which was $150 a night, as we were staying 8 nights this was $1200. The room was spacious enough for 2 people and I liked the floor to ceiling windows. The bathroom was gorgeous. Double sinks and vanity area with a seat to do your make up at. The toiletries were nice and were restocked everyday. There is a big deep tub and a seperate walk in shower. The room was cleaned everday but I noticed dust on the bed side tables. I liked the decor in the casino I think its the nicest casino on the strip. Most the other casinos felt so dark and dreary in comparison. Every member of staff we came into contact with was so polite and always said good morning or good afternoon we thought this was nice.We ate at zoozoocrackers, this is a deli cafe restaurant. Not the biggest choice of food but the food was okay and not very expensive. Sugar and ice is the same kind of food with ice creams aswell. We were comped 2 buffets. I was expecting more from all the recommendations on here but it is nothing special. I enjoyed the sea bass but that was about it. Even my partner who is easily pleased didnt really enjoy it and said nothing really stood out.The location of the Wynn was fine for us as we prefer the north end of the strip but for people who prefer the south one of the more central casinos might be better like Bellagio. I would recommend this hotel. For the price we paid and for the quality of the room and bathroom I think we got value for our money.	
May 8 2009 	A wonderful place to escape..	The $20 for the gym is a little outrageous. Like your going to stay there all day and workout.. Other than that, we had no other complaints.	
May 7 2009 	Great property Poor Staffing	This is a very nice property with unmatching service quality. Especially the tower suites concierge fails miserably; We were sent to worst shows and dinners. They even booked us a dinner at a closed restaurant ! They are clueless and do a great job acting as comeptent conceirge.	
May 6 2009 	Wynn Hotel Casino is Beautiful	My Friend along with my sister and her husband stayed in rooms at the Wynn from 4-26-09 until 5-1-09. My sister's room was lovely, with sofa, ottoman, desk and table and chairs. My room had two double beds, no table and chairs, but two ocassonal chairs instead of the sofa that you could not sit in. They were horrible. You sunk in them. It was very difficult to have a snack with no table and chairs. The only chair usable was the desk chair. There was so much n the desk, you could not use it for anything but a desk. We ate in two hotel restaurants, one the Terrace Cafe, was very nice. The other was one of the specialty restaurants and was terrible. It cost us $35.00 a person plus tip for what amounted to a bowl of white rice with 2 shrimp and a piece of duck the size of a raisin. The restaurant was the The Wazuzu at the Encore. Check in took almost 1 1/2 hours. The first hour was spent when we arrived and had to wait in a long line even though everything was paid in full. Our room was not ready which was not their fault since we arrived at 10.00 AM. When we got the call at about 2 PM tha the rooms were ready, we had to wait in line behind guests checking in another 1/2 hour just to get the room key. Once the room is ready, there should be a line for just room keys. All in all I would stay there again just because it was so stunning and the staff was very very nice,. It also is in a great location.	
May 5 2009 	Well worth a visit	We have recently returned from a 3 night trip to Las Vegas to celebrate a friends 50th birthday, We chose The Wynn because we got a really good deal via expedia. We have previously stayed at The Bellagio but I have to say that I prefered The Wynn. The hotel itself is stunning and although large easy to find your way around and to be fair, it's smaller than a lot of the hotels. The pool area is lovely and very relaxing. The Bellagio struggles with sun but The Wynn gets sun most of the day. Drinks by the pool are average price - around $6 for a beer/soft drink and $14 for a cocktail. If you don't want to pay prices like that, then don't stay at The Wynn. The rooms are gorgeous and there are fantastic views of the stip - we just didn't want to sleep because the view was wonderful. Yes, The Wynn isn't central but it's within walking distance of most places and it's quieter outside the hotel so it's much more pleasant to stroll. Great shopping opposite. Please take time to visit The Peppermill restaurant (turn right from hotel and walk for about 5 mins - you will find it). It's open 24 hours a day and we only ate a breakfast time but what a menu and also a great bar attached. Also worth a visit for just a drink or food is The Stripburger which is really reasonably priced for both food a drink ($4 for a pint). When we go back to Vegas, we will definitely try and stay at The Wynn.	
May 4 2009 	A luxurious upscale hotel -- for the beautiful people!	We were lucky enough to get our room via Priceline for ~$100/night on a weekend! The hotel is kept practically spotless, and the staff is friendly and attentive.PROS: The room had excellent decor and amenities: framed Picasso prints on the walls, comfortable plush furniture, plenty of thick towels, and a combo iPod docking station/clock radio. The pool is HUGE, featuring complimentary bottled waters and unlimited towels, a bar, casino area, two hot tubs and dozens of private cabanas. The far end of the pool is &quot;European&quot; style, meaning topless sunbathing is permitted. Feeling frisky? Don't worry -- it's 21+ and photography is banned. There's no shortage of beach chairs, and the pool has staff specifically tasked with removing unused towels and &quot;wrangling&quot; spare chairs for individuals and groups -- so much better than the &quot;every man for himself&quot; policies of lower-end hotels! If truth be told, it was also refreshing to see an endless sea of tanned, beautiful 20- and 30-somethings sipping cocktails, rather than pasty, obese middle-aged families chasing their brats around. Dinner at the restaurant Stratta (adjacent to the casino) was amazing, too -- great service, food and wine. Although I didn't personally stay awake long enough to accompany them, my pals told me Tryst was an incredible nightclub, despite the (post- doorman negotiation) split bottle service cost of ~$120 EACH!CONS: There was no mini-fridge to be found in the room, and the snack tray had a small disclaimer sign attached to it: apparently there's a sensor connected to the bottom of each of the snacks, and if you lift any item off the tray for more than 60 seconds, the item will be charged to your room! The cocktail waitress for our section of the pool seemed to practically ignore her assigned section for the better part of an hour; we wound up ordering our $14 piña coladas at the bar. There was also an excessively long line for food at the pool's grill. Here's a tip: pay attention to which elevator bank you get on; you might waste 5 minutes on a ride to nowhere.	
May 4 2009	Great Stay at The Wynn	We booked The Wynn for the amazing rate of $109 a night and upgraded upon check in to a 57th floor panoramic room with a view of the golf course for an extra $20 a night. (Room 5716) The room was beautiful and spacious, very quiet (we were the last room at the end of the hall) and had a beautiful view. I’m not 100% sure it was worth $60 to upgrade, but we had such a great rate to begin with on our room that we figured why not when she offered. We would have been on the 39th floor had we not taken the upgrade. Tower rooms were also an option at an additional $50 per night. The beds were the most comfortable I’ve had in any hotel, pillows &amp; sheets were excellent quality. bathroom was large and beautiful, everything was sparkling clean. The only complaint I have is with the maid service. Our first full day there, we got up by 8am and went down to the pool. When we came up at about noon to get changed, our room had not been made up… not a huge deal, but we were a little surprised. We changes and went out for lunch, returning at around 2:30pm. Still, the room was not clean. We went down to the pool area until 4:30pm. We returned to the room to find it still dirty. At about 5pm as we were getting ready to leave for dinner and an evening out, the maid finally came but we had to send her away because we were showering etc. When we returned back to the room around 1am, it was partially clean, beds were made and towels replaced… but empty glasses with shriveled up limes in them from the casino the night before were still sitting on the table. Not quite the service level I expected from the Wynn. And yes, we did have a tip out for the maid that day… which probably frustrated us even more. This was the only day with maid problems though. After that, it was top notch. Food in The Wynn:We ate 2 of our 3 breakfasts in the café at the drugstore. We just grabbed a bagel, 2 coffees and a fruit cup and brought them to the pool. Cost was outrageous, around $25 every moring, but we had no problems bringing items into the pool area and eating there. The third morning we ordered room service, as we were in a rush to go to the airport… had coffee, orange juice and shared an eggs benedict. I can’t remember the cost, but it was all very delicious and arrived at our room very quickly. Buffet: we had one lunch at the Wynn buffet, cost was $22.95 each and we did the “champagne bump” which gave us unlimited champagne for only $7 extra each. A great deal as the cheapest champagne on the menu in the buffet is $10 a glass. The food was quite outstanding and the buffet was immaculate. We loved that everything was presented in small dishes so it was always fresh and the quality was very high. I would absolutely return to this buffet again, it’s worth every penny. We sat there for about 2.5 hours getting our money’s worth on the champagne… and after about 6 glasses each decided to roll ourselves out, lol. Overall impressions of The Wynn:Beautiful hotel, loved that there were almost no kids there, making the pool area very peaceful. We did find the high prices of even the most basic items to be a bit frustrating at times, but we knew to expect it at a high end hotel. We would certainly stay here again.	
May 3 2009 	Amazing hotel/resort with a few flaws but hey we all have em':-(	We absolutely love the Wynn, but it does have its flaws:-(We arrived, we were in awe!! The Wynn is luxurious! Registration area, a bit difficult to locate. They could use more signage. With about 2700 rooms, you would think they would have more than 5 front desk agents checking in. It took us over 30 minutes to fully check-in. On our way up to our room, the housekeeper just began to clean. We debated on lugging our luggage back through the casino into registration, with even longer lines. To avoid the hassle, we waited another 30 minutes for her to clean. They should have had a phone in the floor hallway to at least contact the front desk. Afterall, they have phones in the bathrooms. However at 8pm, you would expect the rooms to be fully serviced. Once we entered our room, we were blown away! It was well worth the wait. The décor and view provides that “wow” factor. Many believe a room is a room…but it isn’t especially when you’re sleeping on Egyptian cotton sheets overlooking the strip through floor to ceiling windows w/t automatic shades. Awesome. The colors chosen for the room provides peace and relaxation. Bathroom has a private toilet area (with a phone) double sink, private glass shower ,amazing tub and television (my bf enjoyed that). The Wynn provides the best amenities such a shoe polishing kit, bath sea-salt, cotton /silk robes…etc. Room is well worth $500 per night.Service, it was actually great but servers definitely use their discretion on those guest in which they choose to provide “superior service” with. Example, we decided to have a drink outside by the waterfall. The server was extra polite to those who appeared to be wealthy. Now us, being in our mid 20’s, were paid less attention to. They seated us at a dirty table and the service overall was mediocre. Once we noticed how other patrons were being treated in comparison it was bit offensive. Another occasion, we decided to play poker. Unfamiliar with the process, we began to question the poker host. She answered as if we couldn’t afford to play there, very short and vague. Not really interested in our presence. However, all other staff members, (housekeepers, bellman, greeters…etc) displayed that superior service at all times and made up for the two incidents.Tryst is a magnificent nightclub. But it’s a Las Vegas nightclub so prepared to wait. Luckily concierge assisted us in bypassing the line. Check out the Ferrari dealership. Overall, our stay was magnificent!!! Everyone enjoys the lifestyle of the rich and famous:-)PROSEVERYTHINGCONSFew improvements with the staff service, all guests should be treated as equals. Check-in/Check-out ridiculously long waits!!!	
May 2 2009 	Simply Beautiful	My husband and I just got back from the Wynn. We stayed there April 24 - 28, 2009. This was our first time in Las Vegas and we loved it. The Wynn was beautiful. The hotel, the pool and the room. The bed and pillows were so comfortable, and the view of the strip at night was gorgeous!!! The hotel personnal we found were very friendly. We arrived at 10:00 am and did not have to wait for our room. The room was very spacious, not loud and the bathroom had a tub fit for two and a TV. We ate at the buffet and Sugar and Ice (beautiful waterfall view) at the Wynn. Food/service was excellent. We did some shopping at the Las Vegas outlet mall and the Premium Outlet Mall. We preffered the Premium outlet - outside shopping - better deals. We seen Britney Spears/Pussycat Dolls at the MGM Grand and it was a fantastic night. I would also reccomend the gondala ride at the Veintian hotel, the pirate ship show at Treasure Island, M&amp;M World and the Coca Cola store. ESPN, The StripBurger, Planet Hollywood and The Rainforest Cafe are all restaurants we enjoyed. The Wynn is the oly 5 star on the strip - we would definetly return to the Wynn!!! Even if you don't gamble (we did'nt) Vegas and the Wynn is a wonderful, fun vacation!	
May 1 2009 	I would stay here again for sure!	Just got back last night from a four day stay in Vegas. First time at the Wynn, but not the first time in Vegas.We scored a deal thru a travel website, and really had no expectations since it was so reasonable. Other than the fact that the hotel is very large and confusing, we had a very positive experience here.Do not tell Steve Wynn, but we didn't gamble, eat, or drink in his hotel! We did spend 30.00 on a hat at the Ferrari store (a gift) and 6.95 for a shot glass but that was it. We were scared to go into any of the restauraunts for fear it would cost more than our trip to eat and drink there so we went off the strip for food and drink. Renting a car is a MUST if you are like my husband and I and don't gamble. If you are not wealthy, do not eat, drink or shop at this hotel. I am a die hard shopper and this hotel had absolutely NOTHING in my price range. If you can score this hotel at a good price, I would absolutely and unequivocally suggest it to anyone. The room was beautiful, quiet , (not sure why the others complained about noise - we didn't have that experience) and the view was amazing. Our room was clean, well stocked with amenities and the bed was the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in.PS I cannot comment on the pool area since we never stepped foot in the spa or pool area!	
May 1 2009 	Tower Suites are superb!	Everything about our stay, beginning with a limo pick-up at the airport, a complimentary suite upgrade (beautifully appointed and approximately 1800 sf), five-star service from check-in to check out, exceeded our expectations. This was our first time staying in the Tower Suites, we usually frequent The Venetian or the Four Seasons but this is where we will return to. Love the separate entrance, the restaurant located within the suites was fantastic for both breakfast and lunch, and the designated pool area was very convenient and exceptionally well staffed. We had stayed in the hotel once before and while certainly not disappointed in the regular Wynn experience, the Tower Suites clearly establish it's own standard. Well deserved five-stars across the board based on our experience. And I should mention, our rate of $600 per night (including a $75 daily food and beverage credit, complimentary limo service to and from the airport and daily spa pass) was a superb value, even if we had not been upgraded from our original suite. I would expect to pay at least double this at the Four Seasons for a similar experience.	
May 1 2009 	Great Hotel	My wife and I just returned from five days at Las Vegas and our stay at the Wynn was excellent. We have stayed at the Monte Carlo, the Bellagio, and at Caesar's Palace in the past and enjoyed them all. We really enjoyed the Bellagio both times we were there, but decided to try someplace different and we got a very good deal at the Wynn. I read all of the reviews (positive and negative) about the Wynn and the only legitimate negative is that it is slightly away from the central part of the main strip. If you go to Las Vegas when it is extremely hot and don't like to walk then maybe the Wynn isn't the best place. The Bellagio is more centrally located, but other than that the Wynn was outstanding. I feel sorry for all of the people who write their reviews and nit-pick over small details. Every place is going to occasionally have a negative for one thing or another, but I can't honestly say one thing bad about the Wynn. We arrived early, but they held our luggage, and when the room was ready they called us and our luggage was delivered in less than five minutes. We played the slots at fifteen different hotels including many in the Freemont section and none of them had the variety that the Wynn did. Their variety of penny slots was surprising for a hotel of its class. Every thing from the bellmen to the casino workers were very friendly and constantly asked us if we needed anything. And we were in the penny section the whole time! People spoke negatively about the pool, but the pool area was beautiful. There may be hotels with more pools (Caesar's) but the lay-out was great and again the servants were friendly. The buffet is very expensive, but there are many places within reasonable walking distance ( 10 minutes) that have excellent buffets at a much lower rate. Finally, I would like to say that I read many reviews of people who said the hotel was noisy. We stayed on the 51st floor and the four nights we were there were the quietest nights we have spent in a hotel anywhere! Overall, we found the Wynn to be comparable to the Bellagio where we have stayed twice.	
May 1 2009 	First Class all the way........	I treveled recently to Vegas with my husband to celebrate his 50th Birthday. After reading many reviews I decided that the Wynn was the place to be.........right on the money. Arrive at 10:00 am on Friday was given a corner room with an Awesome view. If you are a person who love to travel in style the Wynn is the place to stay. Pool Area with DJ playing music is so relaxing. The restuarant are all great including the Buffet. The service that we received was top notch all the way. It was really hard to venture away from the hotel. I've traveled to many top rated hotels and the Wynn will definitely top the list. If you're a person who likes to travel first class, this is definitely the place to stay. Go and hang out at Bar and enjoy the drinks! p.s. the Wynn has a incredible staff everyone that you greet was on their job with a pleasant smile. O.k I have to stop, as you can see I can on forever about the Wynn.	
Apr 30 2009 	Not near the action :(	We had a good time in all, but it's very far down the Strip. All the Las vegas fun happens down by Luxor; Wynn is on the other side of the Strip. Also the Wynn's swimming pool is horrible!!!!	
Apr 30 2009 	Great Vegas Trip!	Had a great trip to Vegas, highlighted by the Wynn. From check in to the tables to the pools to the restaurants, I didn't have a negative experience in the building. The view from the room was incredible. Price could have been nicer--but fortunately the tables treated me pretty well. Definitely will look to stay again.	
Apr 30 2009	fabulous!!!	we have been to las vegas about 25 times wynn buy far surpassedevery hotel we have stayed at and we have stayed at almost all on the strip.not sure i would be happy now with anything but WYNN	
Apr 30 2009 	Best Hotel in Vegas	Wow. This hotel was amazing.For our fifth trip to Vegas together, fiancee and I stayed in the Tower Suites Tower Room March 17-20. Check in was a breeze at 8am although our room wasn't ready until a few hours later. No big deal. We always expect this delay since we usually arrive so early. Check in attendant even asked us if we were celebrating anything special. I of course declined since I had no idea my boyfriend was hours away from proposing! We walked around the hotel for a bit and was very impressed by not only the Wynn, but Encore. Yet another beautiful property from Steve Wynn. A hotel worker even asked us if we wanted a picture together-we didn't even have to ask. Very nice.Room was gorgeous and bed was very comfortable. Shower was great after a long day of walking the strip (it's always nice to wash away the funk from the strip.)Hotel was so beautiful, we are planning on getting married here in March 2010.	
Apr 30 2009 	So Many Good Things to Say and So Many Bad	Let me give you some background on myself; I am a hotel manager at a brand other than Wynn and one that is located within a block of the strip but not on it! I also do not stay at my properties due to when I get out of town I want to be out of state and out of mind....My partner travels alot for a living and we tend to stay at 4-5 star resorts many being IIntercontinentals, Park Hyatts, and Mandarin Orientals. My partner enjoys staying at hotels and I think he is on this website more than I am.. With that being said here we go!!!!PROS:1.Very Nice Rooms with no complaints here...Nice view(request the 60th floor). Big Bathrooms with a separate soaking tub and enclosed glass shower. Nice double sinks and very nice products. We had no problem with house keeping and for 2 bucks a day tip, you will get double of everything. We called down for towels one day after the pool and it arrived in 30 minutes or less. Beautiful views and a nice 42 inch flat screen TV. Very comfortable beds and lovely pillows!!2. La Reve was a excellent show. If you want to say something with a cirque performance but on a grander scale this is for you. A bit pricey but worth every penny!!3. Lovely property and very well kept up...The free evening show was not great but it was beautiful not the less. 4. Staff for the most part was excellent. We were surprised when we read some reviews that staff was rude? We never encountered this at all. I think many people have to remember that this property deals mostly with high end Europeans, Asians, Middle Easterners. They tend not to tip and why else would you be a casino worker without tips?5. Pool scene was nice!!! Nice pool but very crowded!Cons:1. If you are American and not floating in money you really do not have a chance in hell here. I had a discussion before I left with the wait staff that was more or less on the lines if your not from across the pond or from Asia forget about it. Their focus is not on us Americans, especially Midwesterner's. He was a nice guy and I asked him to be frank with me and he did.2. NEVER, EVER, EVER, NEVER, EVER, EVER BET HERE. They have insane table prices, we saw black jack on the floor's going for no less than a 50 min on sat night and as high as 500.00. Slots are tight. We did not gamble at all here.3. Pool was great but if you are going to rent a Cabanna be ready to plunk down 350 and not know it until the morning of. We rented one for the day and had to wait an hour before the pool opened to get confirmed. We looked at other Cabannas and they were empty??? 4. Food is stupid expensive.. We did not eat one meal at this property. Most of the restaurants were empty and bars follow in line... If you are not gambling stupid money, you are paying stupid money for drinks!!5. Are counterparts in Europe that tend to flock to this property need a lesson in manners. We tend to be blamed as being the big bad wolf of the world in America....not so when these folks come over here they are rude, don't tip, and worst of all look down on you. I have been across the pond and maybe I have experienced regular Europeans but damn guys learn how to be nice...and more important tip. I found myself tipping for people that ask for everything and leave poor girls nothing? STEVE WYNN I HAVE A QUESTION.. MAYBE YOU CAN TELL THE PUBLIC WHY YOU WOULD CATER TO THOSE PEOPLE KNOWING THAT YOUR STAFF IS UNDERTIPPED AND OVERWORKED? Lets bring your ego back down to earth here and reflect on your decisions. Perhaps you can explain why your 500.00 dollar a night hotel room can be had on Hotwire for 100.00. This could be and I imagine is a problem.All in all a very nice property with nice rooms. We will not be back due to some major glares and some gaps. We will stay at the Bellagio from here on out! I hope this helps some people	
Apr 28 2009 	Never Ever Stay Here	The service at this hotel was perhaps the worst that I have ever encountered in my many years of traveling. From the front desk, to the concierge, to the pool - I have never heard the word &quot;no&quot; so many times.We were a group 50 people - there for a wedding and there was no acknowledgment from anyone - not a welcome not, not a plate of fruit - NOTHINGI have stayed at the Bellagio and will be going back thereSave you money and stay elsewhere	
Apr 27 2009 	Fantastic hotel	This hotel is truely amazing. We stayed there for 4 nights from the 22nd April. I had previously requested a non smoking room with a view of the strip and got exactly that. Check in was done and sorted within minutes and all the staff we dealt with were first class.The rooms are amazing. floor to ceiling windows with lots of space and the bathroom is gorgeous. We did notice how busy the hotel got come Friday and when we went to check out sunday the queue for the buffet wazs very long, but from what i have seen in Las Vegas that is to be expected. We would definitely stay at this resort again, and from what we saw in Vegas it is one of the best hotels.	
Apr 25 2009 	beauty truely is only skin deep	Amazing sights, colors, rooms...but thats where it ends. Been visiting vegas a long time and have been to them all past and present and the wynn simply has the worst service imaginable. If you come to vegas to put on a fake show of how much money you have than maybe this is the place for you. But if you like to play, have a good time, be served drinks, and be treated with respect..then stay the heck away from the wynn!!For example the first thing i did was to play in the sportsbook. As the waitress came by i asked for a drink and she said i needed to ask for a drink ticket when i bet...ok my next bet was a dollar exacta box for 6 bucks and when i asked for a drink ticket i was told i needed to bet at least 10 bucks, my nephew who make a sports bet was told the min for a drink ticket was $300!! mind you this is just for sportbook cocktail waitress drinks, simple beers and watered down 1 shot type stuff. We were hoping that by playiing for 2 days 12 hours a day and tipping everyone would help but no, the place was ice cold to the regular guy!!!! Then when your waitress forgets your drink after demanding so much money for a drink ticket you just want to scream!! and its no different for a simple water, or coffee &quot;wheres your drink ticket&quot; it was just so degrading and unpleasant. the same went for our friends who were dropping a grand on the casino floor. hours without a waitress, then when you say something they gripe at you when they should be saying ill be right back with your drink!!anyway that just sets up the tone of unfriendly staff, and youll see a whole lot more security people than waitress'. just benieth the glitz and glamour it's just ice cold staff, over priced everything, and people talking down to you even if you do try to say something. you come to vegas to be treated like a king, not like crap!!!i could go on and on	
Apr 23 2009 	Amazing Hotel in every category	Stayed at the Wynn for three nights in April. This is truly a five star hotel. The property is gorgeous; the staff is top notch; the location perfect; the restaurants; pools and amentities are all superb. I can't wait to go back.We arrived on a Sunday and the registration was crowded. Though it took about 20 minutes, when we got to the front of our line, the desk agent was very friendly, professional and gave us a complimentary upgrade to a room on the 58th floor.Our room was spectacular! Large, nice decorated, well lit, great comfortable bed (we actually ended up buying some of the pillows, they were excellent). Three phones; a table with chairs; a well equipped desk; two tvs and a very comfortable large sofa. Our view was panaromic-looking down on the pools and the well maintained golf course.The bathroom was very large; with separate soaking tub and glass enclosed shower. Two separate sinks on the vanity; a great selection of toileties; plush towels and two robes.The hotel is great as well: A nicely laid out casino; upscale shopping; great restaurants--every price range and type of food. While we were there each venue had a special discounted sampling menu and free slot play to new players.The pool had amazing grounds; plenty of comfortable seating; constant drink service (including comp waters). The water was 82 degrees and the staff couldn't have been more service oriented. I am very picky (and with the exception of having to wait to check-in--which was minor), I have no other complaints to make. This is an amazing, world class hotel. There are many deals out there right now, including here. Even if you can't get one, staying at the Wynn is worth saving up for.	
Apr 23 2009 	Nice Hotel Overall	Beautiful hotel overall. We had an incident right after we checked in where some maintenance people simply came into our room unannounced (without knocking or anything). I spoke with the manager who apologized. We came back to our room the next day to find an apology letter and a nice chocolate variety tray in our room. This was the only negative experience. The facilities are great, although they are expensive. If you're traveling on a budget, I would recommend staying somewhere else (I was there for a conference). However, if you would like to splurge, Wynn might be the place for you!	
Apr 23 2009 	A BIT PRICY BUT WORTH IT!!!!	The first time I went to Vegas was in August 2008, that trip was the first stay I had at the Wynn. Since then I have been back in Vegas 4 times. The last time I went was in April 2009 and once again I stayed at the Wynn. The first time I went I stayed in the Resort Room, the room was clean, bed and sheets were extremely comfortable, the view was of the strip on the 26th floor. The room was nice, not extravagent, as it really was just a big, clean room in a nice hotel. This last time I went I stayed in the Pentouse Tower King Suite with the Golf course view. This room was really beautiful and really big. The best thing about the room is that there is 2 seperate bathrooms. One with a shower and toilet and the other with a soaking tub and shower. Whatever room you are in they treat you wonderfully, anything you required they will bring up to your room within 20 minutes!! A downer to this hotel is the spa is not of a 5 star hotel spa. It is over priced for the spa treatments itself and the amenities are mediocre. I personally thought the spa at the Encore was a lot nicer.	
Apr 22 2009 	lux lux	elegant rooms, kind staff, great view from the panoramic rooms.	
Apr 22 2009 	If you build it they will come	Apparently that was what Steve Wynn had in mind when he built the Wynn and its little sister, the Encore. I was swiftly checked in by Wynn's capable staff and even upgraded to a high floor &quot;resort view&quot; room for no additional charge. The concierge also offered passes to Tryst nightclub, each good for comped admission (normally $30); of course, being selected to get in is another story altogether. The room was on the 58th floor with expansive views of the mountains and Wynn's 18 hole golf course. The minor quibble I experienced all weekend was that it seemed only 1 or 2 of the 8 elevators were working, which led to occasionally long rides up or down to the 58th. The room was very &quot;masculine&quot; with deep brown paneled walls. It seemed that either the rooms were too large, or there wasnt enough furniture in the room. While I'm certainly not a decorator, I dont think the brown paneling shouldve been repeated in the bathroom and, in particular, the closet sized toilet. It was clausterphobia inducing in there. The main attraction - to me - of the Wynn is its perfect location - right in the &quot;heart&quot; of the strip. We were all 30-somethings travelling and that part of the strip is more attractive to me then perhaps someone really young that may enjoy the excalibur/luxor scene more. The pools at the Wynn should be a benchmark for hotels of this class. They even had a &quot;european pool&quot; (look it up !)	
Apr 20 2009 	Beautiful elegant haven on the North end of the Strip	We stayed on a Wed., Thurs., Fri. in mid-April. The hotel has a garden theme throughout, which is elegant but tacky at times (the art in our room consisted of neon flower pictures and the hallways are a coral color that is not neutral). The entryway is gorgeous, with big lit trees and flower balls (prettier than it sounds!). The piped in music was Diana Krall-type light jazz (much calmer and more relaxing than elsewhere on the strip). There are gardens and waterfalls around the property. The pool area was my favorite thing...it was a long lap pool with circular pools at both ends set in the middle of gardens with flowers and manicured hedges. Very relaxing and, again, elegant. The location is a bit far north on the strip, not central at all, but that was kind of nice because it made the atmospere seem more peaceful than the hotels we visited closer to the heart of the strip. We were still able to comfortably walk the entire strip. The rooms have great floor-to-ceiling views of either the strip or the golf course. This was an advantage over our friends staying at the nearby Palazzo because their view was of the airport/desert -- not nearly as fun. The room was clean and comfortable. There was no coffee maker or refrigerator in the room, but there was an iron/board and hair dryer. There was no casino noise in the room, but you did hear the faint notes of an instrumental song (the same song over and over) coming from across the street at the mall. After a while it became white noise and we didn't notice it. We dropped a glass and housekeeping came right away to clean it up...we had great service throughout our stay.We ate at the buffet, the Red 8, and the Country Club Restaurant -- loved them all. Also saw the Le Reve show -- a great value and a wonderful presentation.I would recommend this hotel to laid-back couples and adults...not at all good for kids or younger party types because they would find it boring and wouldn't fit in. Also not good if you want to be in the center of the action, but if you want a beautiful haven near the action, this is the place for you!	
Apr 20 2009 	It's an okay hotel but not worth five diamond rating.	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Wynn over Spring break. i am a teacher and he was attending a medical conference there. The hotel is very nice and has beautiful landscaping. The restaruants were nice and the La Reve show was spectacular. However, I have been to other five diamond hotels and do not feel that the Wynn even compares to these. No one greeted us when we walked up to the hotel or offered to take our baggage to our room. For the amount of money you pay to stay there, internet is not included in the price ( it's about $12.00 a day) the fitness center is $30.00 a day to use which is the first time I have ever had to pay to use a fitness center in a hotel! The walls of the room are paper thin. My boyfriend and I were woken up at 3:00 in the morning to the couple in the room next to us having sex. It was like they were in the bed right next to us! I did enjoy my stay at the Wynn, nowever, I have stayed at nicer hotels.	
Apr 19 2009 	The Wynn is Fabulous	If you are looking to inject a little elegance and luxury into your Vegas stay, the Wynn is the place to do it. One of the most elegant casinos on the Strip (the dinging slot machines are not nearly as obnoxious here as they are most other places) - and that's just the ground floor. The rooms are spacious and luxurious (not as big as the Venetian which are all suites, but much nicer than the Venetian), the spa is wonderful, and the pool is gorgeous and relaxing. Look, people, it's Vegas and *everything* is pricey. Yes, you'll pay an arm &amp; a leg for a massage and a cup of (delicious) coffee at the Drugstore Cafe, but it is like that *everywhere* on the Strip. And everything is designed to get you out of your room and into the casino - that is why there are no coffee makers in the room (you'd be hard-pressed to find a coffee maker in any hotel room on the Strip) and they charge $15/day for wi-fi. Once you accept all of that, you'll have a much better time.Service was fantastic - check-in &amp; check-out was a breeze, and the room service we ordered got to us in 15 minutes. What's also great about the Wynn is that it's a little smaller than some of the other hotels and therefore easy to find your way around. This is by far my new favorite place to stay on the Strip.TIP: Call the hotel directly to see what rate they'll give you over the phone. We got a better rate doing that than on Hotwire, Expedia, Travelocity or the Wynn website.Dining Recommendations: Red 8 has great Asian food; a good place for lunch. The Daniel Boulud Restaurant is pricey but great for a special occasion or splurge, and try to get a seat on the patio after dark to see the Lake of Dreams show (so trippy and insane but very Vegas). Parasol Up/Down is great for drinks.We also ate at the B&amp;B Ristorante in the Venetian which was spectacular (again, pricey but worth it to splurge).The only drawback about the Wynn is that it is on the North Strip, and if you're planning to spend a lot of time on the South Strip, plan to drive or cab it. We went to see Ka at the MGM (AMAZING) and walked all the way down there, which took quite a while, and then cabbed it back from the Paris which was about $12.00. But if you're planning to spend time at the Venetian, or the Fashion Show Mall, or even the Bellagio &amp; Caesar's, the Wynn is convenient. Give yourself a treat and stay at the Wynn!	
