	Lovely place to stay	Hubby &amp; I just returned from a 4 day trip to LV. Our stay at Tahiti couldn't be better. The staff was very friendly and responsive (our fireplace wasn't coming on when we arrived in our room and I think they had a serviceman knocking on our door before I'd even hung up the phone with the front desk!).Our room (the 1 BR with LV, full size kitchen and balcony overlooking the pool), was clean and located just where I'd asked for when I called the front desk a couple days before our arrival. The location gives quick access to any of the highways or major roads around the city. A shuttle service is available, but we had a rental car. We used the shuttle once when we picked it up at the Tropicana for a ride up to Treasure Island to pick up our car after spending an afternoon working our way down the strip by foot. (Don't miss the 'perfect' margarita at Margaritaville at the Flamingo!). The ride was pretty quick and the driver was full of great suggestions around town.Overall, we found no major issues with this resort and we'd definitely stay here again - it's not a big, huge resort, but if you want access to all that Vegas has to offer, but also a place to chill out at - I highly recommend the Tahiti (not to be confused with it's sister resort, the Tahiti VILLAGE which is located south of Mandalay Bay and near the airport on South Las Vegas Blvd).	
Oct 26 2009	CleanQuiet close to the strip.	We stayed here for an ESPN golf tournament at the Paiute Golf club.We are two guys in our early 60s. The resort was perfect for our needs. Just outside of the strip and easy for us to drive around town and avoid the traffic. The resort has BQ grills, and the Hot tubs were great for our aching backs after 36 holes of golf each day. There is a Dennys restaurant next door and Supermarkets, Pharmacy, many restaurants walking distance form this resort. We stayed in a one bedroom with a pull out couch in the living room area and two nice size tvs. It worked out great for us. The airport was only about 15/20 min away. The resort is close to all the major highways. We took a trip to Mesquite on the Nevada/ Utah border near Zion National park. It was 88 miles away and about 90 min by car.	
Sep 8 2009 	Very happy at Tahiti :)	My husband and I stayed at Tahiti for the Labor Day Weekend. I had called ahead to request a pool-view room and that's what we got. We had a one bedroom, which had a bedroom with king bed, nice sized TV and plenty of closet space. The bathroom had double sinks, large glass enclosed shower and lots of towels provided. The main living area had a couch, chair, dining set with chairs for four, kitchen area with full sized fridge and stove, microwave and dishwasher. The balcony had a small table and two chairs.The pool area is very nice and very few people seemed to use it. (??) The most we saw there were 30 people and we spent two full days lounging! One pool seemed to be heated while the other was a little cooler. We didn't use the hot tub, but it looked very nice with a waterfall beside it. The water was very clean, as was the whole resort. We brought food and drinks poolside and it wasn't an issue at all (which is very important to us as timeshare users).The free shuttle service to the strip was great (but a little behind schedule sometimes so plan accordingly). It will drop you at the Tropicana, NYNY, or the Orleans (one block from Tahiti). We walked to the Orleans and it took around 5-10 minutes. Next door to the resort is a Starbucks, Quiznos, Taco something, and a Walgreens (where we purchased milk, cereal, snacks, etc.)The complimentary breakfast consists of toast, coffee, and juice - OK since its free.Only one complaint - we had to pay for WIFI.I would definitely stay here again!	
Aug 5 2009 	Horrible Service Rude Staff and Bad Location.	Ok I have stayed at many hotels in my time but this property has to be the worst of them all. I arrive in Las Vegas around 2:00pm get to the hotel which is all the way down Tropicana past The Orleans. Room is not ready and told I have to wait a few hours before it is ready. Ok so I leave for a few hours and come back (good thing I had a rental car) and check into my room. No view at all not even of the pool because the property is laid out more like a Motel 6 then anything else. I had reserved a SMOKING ROOM. After unpacking I realize there are no ashtrays in the room. So I call down to the lobby and ask them for an ashtray. They assure me &quot;no problem' I'll have someone send one right up. Ok so I wait...... and wait....... and wait....... about 45 mins pass and I decide to go downstairs to see where is my ashtray. (Now just FYI this property is small, its not LARGE like MGM Grand or anything so the service should be quicker if anything). Low and behold I reach the lobby and there are no less than 8 employees standing around DOING NOTHING. Chit chatting and the like. I approach the desk and ask where is my ashtray. They acted like they could careless and were very rude. I complained to the front desk and was told &quot;I dont like your tone and if you continue we will call the Police&quot; UNBELIEVEABLE.Ok so we leave and hit the strip. Come back to the room and have a note saying please call front desk. They then inform me that the room they gave me was really NON SMOKING and would have to move me tomorrow. At this point im furious but take it with a grain of salt and say fine. The next morning we pack up and get our new room key. I look at the number of the room. It is TWO DOORS DOWN. Are you kidding me they move me 2 doors down and this room also had no ashtrays. This HOTEL is miserable and I would not recommend it to anyone. I called Consolidated Resorts the owner of the hotel and got a form letter apology before I left Vegas. If you want a cheap hotel in vegas (eitther on or off strip this is NOT IT!!!)Warning : Avoid This PLace at all COSTS!!!	
May 31 2009 	Quiet easy and cheap tahiti	This was the first place we stayed at on our trip to the states. For those who aren't so fussed with gaming this is a great place to stay since there is no casino or fruit machines on the premises. The hotel is quite close to the strip but certainly not walking distance. Saying that though, the strip isn't the most pleasant walking experience especially in the heat except perhaps around the Bellagio area. On the plus side there is a free shuttle that departs from the hotel for the strip every hour on the hour with connecting free shuttles to other parts of the city. While these went around the houses couldn't complain too much since they were free!The interior is a bit soulless with cavernous corridors. However the pool area in the middle is very pleasant and the rooms are huge and comfortable with a nice kitchenette and even a spa bath. If you are staying there any less than 7 days there is no free maid service.Being out of the town a bit, there is very little noise. The noise insulation in the rooms isn't that great but we weren't disturbed.A very simple breakfast was provided, not particularly great and in a pretty awful room. Little else on offer than toast! Parking was free and shaded. All in all - not a deluxe experience but comfy rooms and a good base to explore the crazy city that is Vegas.	
May 22 2009 	Absolutely wonderful!	My husband and I stayed here for our honeymoon. We were very very pleased. It is located just far enough off the strip that its not chaotic outside of the property, yet it is only minutes away from the hussle and bussle. The staff was great as well as the rooms. My husband and I are very private and it was nice not to feel as if the hotel staff was watching our every move, yet when something was needed they were very easy to locate. They had a cookout in the pool area one day which we took advantage of, we purchased the tickets a few days before at the front desk. The pools were very nice, the sand bottom was unique. My favorite part was the outdoor showers. It was very very very hot all most too hot to lay out but I sat in a lawn chair near the shower and every 10 minutes or so I'd rinse off to cool down. The only thing that was a bit pathetic was the complimentary breakfast, we tried it once and it was pretty much toast and juice, not quite like we understood it to be, but there was a really neat hula video playing.One day we went for the hoover damn tour and ended up deciding to go back to the area to rent a boat the next day to go out onto Lake Mead, INCREDIBLE!!! Anyone that has the chance to visit this magnificent place do!	
Apr 22 2009 	A perfect oasis!	Before arriving here I was a little concerned at what we would find as we had paid so little. In fact I need not have worried. We booked a family suite which turned out to be two adjoning rooms giving a massive floor area, two en-suite bedrooms, two kitchens and a lounge area - probably about 100 sq metres of area all together. The rooms were well appointed with kitchen including dishwasher, microwave, big cooker, washing machine, tumble drier etc - so it would be an excellent option if you wanted to stay a week or more in Vegas.Everything was immaculate - I think it must have been recently refurbished. The reception is a nice introduction, but the high quality remains throughout the premises unlike so many other hotels. The pool area is superb. When we were there it seemed very quiet with not many guests. Staff were very friendly and went out of their way to be helpful.Next door there is a retail park with supermarket and various restaurants and take-aways including Dennys, Pizza, Mexican Chinese &amp; Japanese.One thing to be aware of - this place is not strictly a hotel. It seems to be some kind of time-share venture. This means there is no hotel bar or restaurant, and frequently you will hear potential clients being escorted around by rather loud and over-keen salesmen!One drawback - standard check-in time is very late (4pm) and check-out time very early (10am). However they were flexible for us for check-out time, and also provided key card so we could sue hotel facilities, pool etc before we could check-in.I'd strongly recommend this to anyone staying in Vegas - it's a great quiet, relaxed contrast to the strip which is all noise and lights!	
Apr 18 2009 	This place was great!	Just got back from a week at the Tahiti Resort on Tropicana Ave. It was wonderful! The room (a one bedroom on the 2nd floor) was roomy, clean, and updated. The washer/dryer was very convenient. The resort is in the perfect location- only took a couple of minutes to get to the strip!It was pretty cold all week so we only got to use the pool once- but it was clean with plenty of seating.The staff was friendly- we called once for more toilet paper and it arrived within 10 minutes.This is a great, relaxing resort to return to after a long day on the strip!	
Apr 13 2009 	Very Pleased with Tahiti!	We bought at Tahiti last year without ever seeing the resort based largely on the reviews at this site. We spent a week at Tahiti at the end of March 2009 and loved it!The rooms were very nice. They were clean, comfortable &amp; well equipped. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The pool area was excellent. The bbq area had lots of room and the bbq's were large and clean.We liked that there was security on site and that the parking gates were locked at 10:00 pm.The area has a drug store, coffee shop, 3 restaurants and 2 gas stations that sell liquor within 1 block.The shuttle system is very handy, just make sure you tell the front desk that you are waiting for the shuttle; we got left behind once.Taxi to or from the strip averaged approximately $15.00 / trip before tip.Any complaints I have are so minor, they aren't worth mentioning.As others have mentioned, it was nice to get away from the strip and just relax by the pool or to cook a meal instead of eating in a restaurant a few times during the vacation.If you are looking for a quiet, off strip place to stay, this might be just what you are looking for.	
Mar 5 2009 	Great Value For Money	Booked this place for a cheap quiet place to stay while in Las Vegas for NASCAR weekend. Knew in advance that Tahiti was a time share resort so expected to be bugged to buy in. Although we were asked to attend a presentation we declined and were not bothered again. The property itself was terriffic, a nice place away from the hustle of &quot; The Strip&quot;. Rooms with kitchenette were roomy and comfortable. Heated pools and the spa were a plus. Hotel is about 2 miles off the strip but does have shuttle. We had rental car so no real concern to us. Would be a great place for families to stay to enjoy Las Vegas without the hassle of having kids in a hotel on The Strip	
Dec 15 2008 	Perfect alternative to the (expensive) Strip	My son and I stayed Thanksgiving week. Since we were in town to see other sights, not just the strip, this was perfect. We used an Interval &quot;getaway&quot; and rented a one bedroom. The kitchen allowed us to eat more cheaply and was VERY nice. The bathroom arrangement is fabulous. I could wake up early stay in the bedroom, watch the news, etc while my son slept in the living area. The concierge was very helpful and we received NO selling pressure. The shuttle to the strip was a lifesaver and we used it several times. Nearby shops and eating places were cheap and good. The room was clean. We would stay here, again.	
Nov 25 2008 	Not recommended	This place was certainly not the cleanest resort. Stairwells had horrible odors. The staff was very rude. During our stay we along with others complained - perhaps this is why the staff never seemed happy or helpful. The pull out coach mattress needs to be replaced. The dishwasher and washing machine had minds of their own....sounded as if they were gearing for take-off! The rugs were filthy, the shuttle never seemed on time and the drivers must have gotten their license in a gumball machine. Pool was filled with debris and the vending machines never worked.Having worked in the hotel industry for many years, this resort should be rated 3 star at best. I would highly recommend you stay elsewhere!!!	
Oct 31 2008 	Wonderful!!!	We stayed at Tahiti Sat-Sat Oct 18-25, 2008. Booked directly through Consolidated Resorts (owners of the timeshare resort). Our week included a stay in a 2-bedroom suite. We were assigned Room # 219, 2nd floor, West view, overlooking parking lot and next door apartments. We arrived early (noon), but a room wasn't available until 3pm. We were asked if we wanted to attend a timeshare presentation for Tahiti Village (new resort), but we declined. They didn't push at all. In fact, the timeshare folks in and around the strip resorts are MUCH more annoying and aggresive.Our suite was extremely clean and fully stocked. We grocery shopped for all of our breakfast foods (grocery was close) and ate only that meal in our suite each day. All other meals at restaurants. The kitchen had EVERYTHING you would need to do even the most adventurous cooking. Full size coffee maker was a plus. We visited the continental breakfast (very basic) offered each morning, and picked up a few danishes too.We visited the pool each day, because the weather was perfect! There were no kids at the resort when we were there (hurray!). The pool was dead quiet, and this is exactly as we like it. Folks were around and in the pool, but there was no noise. One pool was heated and could be used for swimming. The HOT hot tub was great. We enjoyed the sun and read books.We had a rental car (I would recommend this to everyone for a week's stay), but the shuttle was always around. We took the Red Rock Canyon bus tour offered by the resort. 3 hours and very informative. $2 per person, can't even drive it for that $.The king beds were very comfortable, including 4 pillows per bed. The blackout curtains were terrific, and the windows were operable so that we could get some fresh air. The bathrooms were great, fully stocked and great water temp and pressure. Plenty of towels, including 2 huge pool towels per bedroom. Take them to the pool, and remember to bring them back to your suite. Watched ESPN Sports Center a few times during the stay, so the TV was just fine too.We had housekeeping services just once during the stay. They restocked everything. Be careful! They come early, so if you want to sleep in, use the PRIVACY door hanger!Overall, I would stay this resort had everything we want, including the critical &quot;QUIET&quot; we desired. Do not stay here if you want a rocking resort with lots of noise, eye candy and constant activites. This is a great place to retreat from the business of the strip when you have had enough. With our windows open and sliding balcony door open, you couldn't hear a thing, even Tropicana Ave (very busy road).Please email with any questions or concerns: rmw5597@hotmail.com. Thanks!	
Oct 16 2008 	Great Alternitive To the Strip	This is a really great hotel if you know what you are getting into. First off this is a timeshare resort so people are going to try to sell you one. (its funny that I got harassed more on the strip about a time share than at this place) upon entering you are greeted by a very tropical atmosphere, me and my wife checked in around noon due to the fact that our plane landed early and were very surprised our room was ready due to the fact that check in is at 4pm . The front desk help were all nice and happy to oblige you in any way that they could. Rooms were very clean and gave a sense of privacy when you wanted it. Granted this is a timeshare property so most of the stuff you are responsible for, however with shuttle service to the strip and an overall calming nature if you go into it with the right mindset you will have a great time	
Sep 27 2008	Great Value	We used an &quot;interval getaway&quot; to book a week in Las Vegas. We usually stay on the strip but thought we would try a more layed back location. The Tahiti is a quiet resort next door to a strip mall. The one bedroom apt we stayed in was nicely decorated, clean and fully furnished. Parking was always available for our rental car. There are plenty of reasonably priced grocery stores and restaurants close by. The employees were all very customer oriented and friendly. We were very surprised at how nice this resort is for the money. The Tahiti, Tahiti Village and Club de Solei are all owned by the same company. We will stay here again in the future.	
Sep 17 2008 	A great place to stay and would stay again!	We booked our stay through Interval International. The interval members gave it a 92 percent satisfaction rating and we would give it 100! The staff was overly accomodating for anything that we could want. The housekeeping staff came in a day earlier than was stated (for our week stay). The unit was in perfect shape and washer and dryer are a luxury to have. It is nice to take home clean clothes! We did not use the shuttle, but have heard from others who have recently stayed that the shuttle is very easy and efficient. They even shuttle you to church! We kept misplacing our extra keys and had no problem getting extra ones. They offered us a welcome packet that we knew would lead to a time share presentation offer. I flat out told her that we owned 3 already and were not interested. She continued with her speech and seemed very animated by addressing my husband, who was not even there! (I had told her what his name was) There are many restaurants nearby (Quizno's, Starbucks, Qdoba,Denny's etc.) The Denny's had decent food. The Quizno's was very good.The traffic on Tropicana can be crazy during the height of rush hour, but overall the area was fairly quiet. The resort is 2 miles west of the strip.	
Aug 18 2008 	Total relaxation + easy to the strip	We just spent the most relaxing week in Vegas, plus had the thrill of the Strip every night! Tahiti's shuttle service is excellent, easy, and dependable to 3 different spots on the Strip. The resort is very laid back with beautiful pools and bar-b-que area. Our room was upscale, clean, and very comfortable. Location was just far enough away from the rush of the Strip to be relaxing, but there was also a casino &quot;The Orleans&quot; within a five minute stroll. Also easy access to a grocery store, Walgreen's, and pizza place for the money-savers. Excellent place for anyone wanting Las Vegas excitement and a relaxing getaway from the real world!	
Jul 18 2008 	Ok if you can avoid the hard sell	Time share complex...not a &quot;Hotel&quot; - My wife and I sayed as &quot;Guests&quot; of owners (her parents). It was our anniversay and we wanted a place to stay that was off the strip, but also convienent. This is pretty close...plus they have shuttles that travel every hour back and fourth from slect hotels on the strip.It's also close to a 24hr fitness and some fast food joints.The accomodations are ok at best...it's a suite. Quailty is ok not great. In ours the air filter hadn't been changed in at least a year. The dust balled up and would fall off each time the AC kicked on.The pools were pretty nice...until you get in. Somthing that should be nice but wasn't was he sandy bottom of the pool...NEAT concept but failed. STAY OUT OF THE NASTY SAND!! Bandaids,, glass, nastiness of all types live there.You get a complementory gift...BUT there is a catch..the hard sell. THEY WILL HOUND YOU your whole stay...want to go to a show for free?...come here about our other time shares. Want to have money for dinner? Spend an hour an a half at another property.....oh and by the way...you have to put a $20 deposit down to hold your spot.IF that's not the worst you can't go anywhere on the strip with out being harrassed by Tahiti (village) sales people...it's almost worth staying on the strip or one of the hotels off the strip just to avoid the sell.....I would never stay there again.	
Apr 18 2008 	Great place!	Great place to stay! Awesome bathroom, nice and quiet room, and close (but not too close) to the exciting strip! Also, it's right next to a Walgreens and Denny's so you can eat cheaply and get a break from buffets and also pick up quick things you may have forgotten to pack.	
Apr 13 2008 	OK for the price	We booked into the Tahiti for our trip in early April. After reading the reviews I was quite excited. Overall it was pretty good for the price but left some to be desired. Our plane was delayed which left us checking into the hotel around 12AM. When we arrived we were told that they had no more non smoking rooms (which is what we'd reserved) and that we'd have to take a smoking one, even though I'd called to confirm the reservation a day in advance and was told there would be no problem. We were told that non smoking rooms are only a request not a guarentee (fair enough but what if I had a smoking allergy?), and that we should check back in the morning to be reassigned to a smoke free room. Long story short, we tried to get into another room for 3 days and each day we were told that there was nothing available. Finally we gave up and just delt with the stinky room.Other than that I was pretty impressed: fantastic 24hour heated pool, terrific bathroom with jetted tub, friendly staff and great shuttle service. The breakfast was truly awful but I knew that in advance from reading the reviews.Overall I would recommend this hotel, just try to check in early to avoid similar problems with room requests.	
Mar 14 2008 	I absolutely love this place!	This review is for the Tahiti Vacation Club, 5101 West Tropicana. There's a Tahiti Village too, so don't get confused.To be honest, I am really hesitant to write this review because I love it so much that I want to make sure that I can get in here the next time I come to Vegas. I'm here when there are three big, big tradeshows in town and I booked this place because I didn't care if I was on the Strip or not. I just wanted a decent place for a decent price. I got that and a whole lot more. I can't stop telling people how much I love this place.OK, it's basically a small timeshare type place. But there is no pressure tactics here. No worries about that. Check in was quick and friendly. I got the one-bedroom, not the lockout. I am really glad I did. I got a lot more space and it wasn't that much to upgrade. It's basically like a one-bedroom apartment. You open the front door and there is a little kitchen off to the side. It has granite counters, a full refridgerator, stove and open, microwave and dishwasher. It comes full stocked with plates, glasses, etc. There is a small dining table and 4 chairs and extending into the living area, a couch and upholstered chair, coffee table, armoire with TV, stereo and DVD player and a gas fireplace. There's also a slider door to the balcony with 2 chairs and a small table. My unit overlooks the pool area. The bedroom is large and has a king, with another TV armoire. The bathroom has double sinks, granite counters like in the kitchen and a jaccuzi tub that came in very handy after a long day on a trade show floor! Finally, there is a stackable washer/dryer in the hall closet. The resort has three smaller pools and a hot tub. The landscaping is nice, palm trees everywhere. There are grills so you can even grill by the pool. The lobby is decorated beautifully. They even run a shuttle to the Strip if you feel like walking around down there and you don't have a car. There's a concierge who will give you coupons and things like that. I can't even begin to imagine paying $400 a night for a room on the Strip anymore.The location is on West Tropicana. There's an Albertson's about a half mile from here so you can get provisions. I am definitely going to come back here the next time I come back to Vegas. You may want the Strip and all that comes with it when you go to Vegas, and if so, this may not be the best option for you. Me, I want to get away from the Strip as soon as I can and the Tahiti is an ideal place to go &quot;home&quot; to.	
Mar 4 2008 	Everything you need!	My wife and I stayed at Tahiti for three nights this February and were very pleasantly surprised! For the price, we expected basic off-strip accommodations. In reality, Tahiti is tastefully decorated, with fantastic staff and nice, clean rooms. Upon check in (which they allowed 3 hours early due to our arrival time) we were given a bag of lotions, gum, and other personal care products along with free show tickets and a free buffet coupon. What a nice bonus! The room itself was larger than anticipated with a microwave, refrigerator and sink (all dishes provided). The jacuzzi tub in the bathroom was such a treat. But, far and away the best part of the hotel was the pool area. Multiple pools surrounded by plenty of chairs and shade along with a beautiful hot tub. Adjacent to the pool area is a great picnic spot with 4 large grills and some tables - next time I'll be sure to bring some hot dogs! Overall, Tahiti is highly recommended.	
Jan 14 2008 	Great if you can get the larger room/kitchen	We were a little worried reading the reviews, but our fears vanished as soon as we arrived. The place was very well done. Our room was spacious and comfortable. The staff was friendly and worked hard to make us feel welcome. There were great deals on show tickets from the concierge, and phone calls from the resort with offers of family activities almost everyday (movie night, appetizer party, etc.). The one thing we did do was &quot;upgrade&quot; from a lock-out to a larger room wich was spendy ($51 per night) but worth it for the full kitchen/washer dryer and private bedroom. There are a host of restaurants and a walgreens right next door. Tahiti was a great way to see vegas without being on the strip. We will be back!	
Jan 10 2008	Great place for families/others off the strip	Here's a quick review of Tahiti (5101 W. Tropicana Ave), not to be confused with Tahiti Village* Spacious 1-BR suite of 1150 sq ft (we upgraded for $50/night from a lock-out of 530 sq ft with only a microwave/small fridge) - we had 3 young children (ages 1-5), so plenty of room. We traded from Interval International.* Very clean (housekeeping service 1x, midway through the week)* Very helpful staff and concierge. Great discount tickets rates (better than at &quot;tahiti village&quot; nr the airport: Tahiti village quoted $31 for a $35 ticket to Nathan Burton, while Tahiti quoted us $12/ticket)* Nice pool – but mostly too cold for us to use (January). The kids did go in 1x though!* Full kitchen, washer/dryer - saved money/time on food (we did some take-out and some cooking) and laundry. Tahiti provided the dishwasher detergent, dish soap and laundry soap. (not all timeshares do!)* Walking distance from a few simple restaurants for quick/cheap meals (denny's, papa johns, wingstop, mexican qdoba grill) and a walgreens. Also driving distance but close to grocery store Albertsons and non-strip restaurants.* Off the strip - great location for our family - quiet in the evenings, no bright lights/music/street noise* Used the free shuttle 1x - very convenient, on-time, they provided 3 child car seats. Shuttle stops at NYNY, Treasure Island and Orleans. Leaves Tahiti every half hour, and stops by each of these 3 hotels, 2x per hour. Driver helped me with the double stroller.* Used our van and did valet parking (free, at all major casinos/hotels). Strip (2-3 miles away) and airport (4 miles away) are very close.* Breakfast was a low-point, so we made our own in our room mostly. They only provide packaged/processed pastries (muffin, cinnamon roll), coffee and small cans of juice (great for packing for the day though!). On weekends, they provide frozen toasted waffles (yuck) although the photo ads show belgian waffles (that led me to believe they were freshly made like at the comfort suites). We would stay here (in the 1BR suite or bigger, not the lock-out) again!	
Nov 4 2007 	Think of it like an apartment not so much a hotel. Still pretty nice.	Don't confuse this place with Tahiti Village, this is a different property, simply called Tahiti. The hotel is located about a mile away from the Strip, which is a good thing in my opinion. The hotel offers a shuttle service, but I didn't use it. I would recommend renting a car and driving yourself to the strip.The hotel is very clean, and nice looking. Has a nice south Pacific Tiki look to it.The hotel offers parking which is gated after 11pm. The building is under 24 hour security, and is kept free of riff raff.When we checked in, we did not receive a parking pass, nor were we told about such a thing. I parked the car, and received a warning ticket on the windshield that they were going to tow my car if I didn't have a parking pass. A quick trip to the desk took care of this.The room was like a mini studio apartment. Granite counters, mini fridge, full set of dishes, cutting board, iron.There is no housekeeping for guests that stay less than 7 days. We stayed 4 days, and ended up hunting down housekeeping people to see if we could exchange dirty towels for clean ones. For guests that stayed less than 7 days, we could schedule a housekeeping service for $25 dollars per day. No thanks, how cheesy is that.The bathroom has a jacuzzi tub, and a sliding glass shower, with terracotta tiles. Very nice and clean unit.Too bad there was no hot water. Just tepid barely warm water. Not much fun taking a cool shower, or jacuzzi tub. People usually expect hot water in showers at hotels.I pulled out my laptop in the hotel room to get some instructions for my day trip. Their WIFI is 9.99 per day, or 39.99 for the week. Again, no thanks. Later that day, I grabbed a couple of beach towels, and noticed a note about &quot;towel inventory&quot;, and how there would be a &quot;$35 dollar charge per towel&quot; if all towels weren't returned. Again, how cheesy is that?The pool and hot tub area is very nice and clean. We found it to be pretty empty, not many guests there. The 2 pools are heated, and there is a hot tub with a waterfall. The pools also have a sand bottom entrance . Very nice.Next to the pool area is a grill area, where I assume guests can do some grilling. It seemed pretty nice, but I didn't use it.There is an Albertson's Grocery store about a block east of the hotel on Tropicana. We stocked up on snacks and some food and drinks there.There is a Denny's Restaurant right next door, and a mexican restaurant.  Overall it was an OK stay. If Tahiti would throw in a few more extras it would make it a much better place to stay. I can't complain however. For the price, its not bad.	
Aug 27 2007 	Quiet retreat from the strip	We are long time owners of a timeshare and the Tahiti resort was just as we have come to expect in a nice family resort. We had a very large two bedroom lockout that had a separate living room for the kids as well as a kitchenet and a large bathroom for them. We loved the quietness of this resort and the fact that the pool area was very well kept and you had plenty of tables and lounge chairs to pick from. The grill area of the courtyard was one of the nicest ones we have ever seen, with refrigerators even provided. The shuttle to take you to the strip was on time and convieniet. We liked the smallness of this resort because we did tour Tahiti Village and that was beautiful but could take 5 minutes to get down to the pool depending where you stayed. We like to just run up to our room for a cold drink or something we forgot and since every room was surrounding the pool courtyard that was very easy.Compared to other timeshares this was above average.	
Aug 8 2007 	Tahiti very nice place. Not at all a Comfort Inn.	I stayed at the Tahiti from 7/27/07 to 8/3/07. I liked the resort very much. Had absolutely no problems with the staff. Everyone was very friendly. My one complaint is that they did not pick up the trash regularly. But when I called the front desk , it was picked up immediately. I exchanged into this resort through Interval International as I am a timeshare owner. Some people complain about timeshares, but it is a great deal if you like to travel. My friends were able to come to Vegas with me for just the cost of airfare. The timeshare deals offered at Tahiti were very good, so good that my friend bought one at Tahiti. She and her boyfriend loved it there. I would have bought there too if I didn’t already own one. As a guest, we received lots of discounts to attractions and shows and restaurants, and nightclubs, which we used. Because my friend bought a timeshare, we received free show tickets for all of us to see Matsuri, and $75.00 dinner discount at Gallagher’s Steak House, plus $25.00 off at Tahiti Joes at Tahiti Village. The timeshare presentation was low key and was held on the resort premises. We did not have to go off the resort. No one harassed us to attend. We were called once and agreed to go because of the free show tickets, but like I said the deals were very good so my friend bought one. She was planning to buy anyway as she knew the advantages of owning because of my ownership.The resort is small, and a sister property to the larger and still under construction, Tahiti Village. The resort is immaculate. There are two pools, a water fall section and a large Jacuzzi with a waterfall. They also have barbeque grills by the pool area so guests can cook out. The setting is very tropical with palm trees, and light music. We enjoyed the pools very much as they were never crowded and the pools are open 24 hours. There is no gym on the resort, but they give free passes to a large fitness center right next door. You can go as many times as you like. The resort is next door to a mini mall, with several restaurants and other stores, which is very convenient. There is a Denny’s there too which had horrible food. The Mexican restaurant was excellent.The resort has a shuttle bus that goes on a morning grocery run to a large grocery store named Albertson’s. It’s kind of expensive, but convenient. The shuttle also runs every hour to the Strip which was also very convenient. The resort is not very far from the strip. One night the shuttle was 30 minutes late and the front desk said to take a taxi to the strip, get a receipt and they would reimburse us. We went to Mandalay Bay which cost $10.00. The next day the resort reimbursed us the cab fare with no problem in cash. The resort also offers excursions to various sights in Vegas. We went on the Red Rock Canyon tour, but it rained that day and they cancelled the tour due to flooding (weird, flooding in the desert). Of course, they reimbursed us the $2.00 fee. The trip was part of the free offerings for guests at Tahiti. The fee was for the Red Rock Canyon conservation company. We were disappointed because of the rain. Everyone was saying it had not rained in Vegas for six months! But they offer other tours and show tours with discounts and round trip transportation. We also went on the Fremont Street Experience tour through the resort which was also free with round trip transportation from the resort. This was fun too, and we stayed downtown and did not come back with the tour, but rather took a bus to the strip and stayed on the strip all night.We stayed in a two bedroom condo which consists of a large one bedroom with living room, kitchen , bathroom with whirlpool bath and a lock off section which was like a large studio with kitchenette and large whirlpool bath in the bathroom. The condo was immaculate. The living room has a fireplace with a balcony. The kitchen and bath have granite countertops. The kitchen is a full kitchen with dishwasher, all pots and pans and dishes and utensils. There is a washer/dryer combo in the main section of the condo, lots of space and plenty of towels. The tropical theme is repeated throughout the condo as the decorations seem to be custom designed with bamboo light fixtures, and palm tree prints on the furniture fabrics. It was all understated and very comfortable. There were televisions with music systems in the living room, and bedrooms. If you are staying here and you are not getting the complete 2 bedroom condo, make sure you do get the side with the full kitchen and not the lock off. The lock off is nice too, but it is much smaller than the side with the living room and kitchen. People mistakenly think the lock off is the standard accommodation, but it is not. It is just an extension of the much bigger one bedroom condo with full kitchen. Of course, the lock off is probably cheaper to get if money is an issue. But if you like space and all the comforts of home, get the larger size. This is not a Comfort Inn. I forgot to take pictures of the condo, but 360 degree pics on their website [--] are accurate views. If I return to Vegas, I will definitely stay at Tahiti again.	
Jul 9 2007 	A little worse each day	My first impression of the Tahiti was that it was very similar to a Comfort Inn. We booked for $77 a day for a Thursday to Sunday stay and were given a lock-off unit, which includes a small fridge, sink and microwave. Everything was clean and the bed was fine. The upside: 1. Shuttle service from about 9 a.m. to 1 a.m. to several hotels. The downsides: 1. No maid service, so no clean towels or trash removal. During our stays in other time-share properties we had towels replaced and other basic services. 2. Small, unattentive staff. Unless you butt into their personal conversations, they will not help you, whether it is for bell service, getting an answer to a question or even showing up for their time-share schtick. 3. The time share folks lie. (Not a shock, but really irritating when the reason we were willing to bite was because the presentation was to be at our hotel, meaning that the 2-hour presentation would really be only two hours.) We got an unsolicited wake-up call at 8 a.m. reminding us of our meeting. We were downstairs on time, but no one was greeting us. 15 minutes later we had to find someone to ask about it and they told it the presentation would be at another property, so they would call a cab, but that our 2 hours was already begun. They told us they would pay for it, but when we get to the other site, no one was there to pay the cabbie, so I had to pay him and try to get my money back later. Finally, from that point, we were back to the normal time-share games. But when all done, we wrapped up with the rudest salesman we have deal with and out 4 hours of our time. 4. GET OUT!!! While the reservations said check-out time was 11 a.m., upon check-in we are told it is 10 a.m. and if you don't check out on time they will double bill you for the final day. At 9 a.m., we were bluntly asked by the maid when we would be leaving and she then proceeded to - literally - sit outside our door and wait for us to leave.	
Mar 23 2007 	A Great Alternative to the Strip	We exchanged our timeshare week in Puerto Vallarta to go to Vegas for the first time, (family of four), and we loved it! We rented a car for the week and used the Tahiti as our base. We used the valet parking at all the casinos/hotels and just tipped the valet a buck or two when they retrieved the car...convenient!The Tahiti 2 bedroom units are spacious and well-maintained. The beds are very comfortable. There is a full kitchen, a mini-kitchenette in the other bedroom, 3 TVs, and a stereo and DVD player in the living area. The master bath is very large with two sinks and lots of granite counter space. There is also lots of closet space, including a full closet in the living room where my son stowed his stuff for the week. There is a small balcony with two wrought iron chairs and small table. The two outdoor pools were very nice but not big. The one pool was heated and felt like bath water, the other pool wasn't and was very cold. The outdoor jacuzzi is very large with a nice waterfall and very clean. The week we were there Vegas had record breaking high temps in the upper 80's and 90's, so we were able to use the pools. We did not use the free shuttle service, but lots of people staying there and at the sister resort, Tahiti Village, were using it, and we saw the shuttles everywhere on the Strip. Right next door to the resort there is a Starbucks and a Papa John's pizza. The unit had a dishwasher and a washer and dryer, which were really convenient.I really have nothing negative to say. We are long-time timeshare owners and have exchanged many places, and the Tahiti is definitely one of the nicer units. There are, of course, not the amenities one finds at a fine hotel, so don't expect that if you opt to stay here. What was nice was being able to eat breakfast in the unit, even grill some burgers at the outdoor barbeques by the pool for lunch a couple days, and be only a mile or so from the busy, noisy, congested Strip. The salespeople didn't bother us once (although we declined to stop by the &quot;Welcome&quot; desk after registration since we know this routine!). We also drove to the Canyon for a day and a night during the week, which was awesome. The Orleans casino is withing walking distance of the Tahiti, and we went there several times to gamble and eat (excellent buffet there, and I'm picky!).The resort offers tours to various shows and places, but we did not take advantage of these since we had our own car. What impressed me most at this resort was the cleanliness, and the abundance of fresh, quality towels and linens.	
Mar 19 2007 	Had fun at the Tahiti	My friends parents own a time share here so staying here we got an incredible deal (paid her parents for use so they set the price they charged us). There was four of us girls who stayed for 4 nights. We reserved a two bedroom condo. I was very surprised at the accomidations that we recieved. The condo was a pool view with a cute little balcony on the third floor. The condo was very spacious. We had a full kitchen with granite countertops and would have been very lovely to have cooked there if we would have wanted to do that. We did run to Albertson's down the street to get some drinks and snack items but didnt cook much of anything. There was a small dining room table, a full living room with a fireplace. Each bedroom had very comfy king size beds, it's own private bathroom with a huge tub/shower combo. One bedroom had a small &quot;kitchenette&quot; as it would have been a stand alone &quot;lock out room&quot; if you only wanted to rent for a smaller party. There was a washer and dryer in the main part of the condo. The bedroom had very effective black out curtains. Great for after a late night!!!The pool area was very nice with a hot tub. On a previous stay to Vegas I stayed in downtown on Freemont. While I liked being closer to action it was very nice to get away from the constant music that is played in that area and the lights of the strip. We like to party but getting back to the quiet room when we wanted to was very nice. The area is less than a 10 dollar ride in a cab from the stip and very quick to drive.	
Mar 13 2007	Good value for the seasoned traveller	Located less than 2 miles from the strip, but with easy access to I15 and airport. The accomodation is large and clean. Not much ammenities onsite but has free shuttle to the main part of the strip. Don't expect to be pampered and you will enjoy your stay.	
Jan 23 2007	One visit is enough.	I'm at the Tahiti right now. So many little things prompt me to write. It's the little things that matter to some travelers, so while they are fresh in my mind, here they are:1. &quot;Equipped exercise room&quot; is advertised on the Consolidated Resorts web site as well as the Tahiti guide book in every room. There is no exercise room. I asked the front desk clerk for directions and found this out. He gave me a pass for the 24 hour fitness club next door and said it is valid for a week. That's all well and good, but it's Tuesday, and I should have received this on Saturday upon check in. 2. Concierge: My past experience with concierge service is excellent. The Tahiti is an exception. Inside the room are guidebooks of Las Vegas with coupons for a variety of events. The concierge cannot contact these places and obtain the same discounts. It's unfortunate because a concierge at a time share should be able to get the best price. One of the events was at The Comedy Stop at the Tropicana (based on online reviews comedy is good, and price includes a drink). The concierge instead recommended the comedy at the Riviera because it was only 11.95 and I could &quot;buy the tickets right upstairs.&quot; No thanks. Same went for a magic show - she couldn't call and get the same discount. No maps of the area either. She pointed us to the Walgreens next door where they are sold for $4.95.3. Housekeeping is clean. They clean once a week (Tuesday). They came by at 9 and I asked that they return at 12 when we would be at an event. Instead, someone else returned at 10:30. This could have been a language barrier issue. I asked her to return in 10 minutes and we left the room so she could clean. When we returned an hour later, the maid was further down the hall from our room and sitting on the hallway floor. I've never seen a housekeeper sitting on the hallway floor. Ever.4. Sunday's &quot;Waffles with the Concierge&quot; event on the Consolidated Resorts web site consists of waffles you toast yourself. During the rest of the week, there is no station of fresh fruit available (unless you listen to the time share sales).5. Transportation shuttle to the strip is good. Drivers very friendly and on time. I would recommend an airport shuttle to the management. 6. Rooms are spacious and clean. There is a very home-like atmosphere. Grounds are well-kept, and security seems to be above par. All in all, I would not recommend this place to someone who wants the fun accessible at all times. For that, stay closer to the strip. This resort is about 2 and a half miles away which is walkable, but definitely not at night time. Concierge leaves much to be desired as I feel they did not go the extra mile. Either schedule your shows and events based on the Tahiti's transportation schedule or prepare for a $15 cab ride ($11.00 plus tip) each way to the strip.	
Jun 12 2006	Good but not Fantastic	We just returned from the Tahiti. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The location is good if you don't mind being a little off the strip. The shuttle service is usually great with an occasional hitch. We requested an accessible unit, but one was not available. The one bedroom unit that we did get worked for my electric scooter though. Problems included a bed that was a little hard with skinny pillows and glass doors on the jaccuzi tub that made entry a little difficult. We attended the timeshare pitch and were not kept overly long when we made it very clear that we did not intend to buy.	
May 16 2006	Left Hanging	The resort was clean and well kept, however when a friend and I arrived the bell hop saw us and promptly went off duty. We were not offered any help with our bags and had to enter up many steps to our building lugging very heavy luggage. This was not the welcome I expected.	
May 10 2006	Maybe they treat owners better?	I stayed at Tahiti April 19-26 ,2006 and it was ok at best. There was no assistance wth my bags whatsoever. My sister's an owner and traded a week of her time with interval International and i paid 168.00 fee as non owner fee. I was put in lock out which was ok but no stove. The apartment next door was huge. When I asked for a change I was told to call the next day. Since my wife didn't want to cook anyway ,I didn't pursue issue. I had a feeling the staff was forced to be nice, not genuine. I could have stayed a the strip and had equal or better accomadations. Definitely skip the free gift. Overall nice place if you can get it cheap.	
Apr 24 2006	Nice alternative to 'The Strip'	I stayed at the Tahiti Vacation Club with my 10 &amp; 13 year-old daughters and my husband. We had a large, two bedroom suite. For us, the location was perfect, as we wanted a little respite from the strip chaos. The rooms were great- spacious and nicely appointed. Beds were comfortable. The service was also excellent. Our every request-- additional towels, laundry soap, etc. was responded to promptly and pleasantly. Chairs at the pool were plentiful and always available. The only drawback to the pool area was the tahitian-themed pool music which began early in the morning and stayed on late through the evening. Our rooms overlooked the pool area, so it became a little annoying. The only significant negative to our one-week stay was the army of timeshare salespeople and their &quot;prospects&quot; that swarmed the pool and lobby area. They were friendly, but sometimes you didn't feel like greeting ten people every five feet and having to make small-talk and push through the crowds to get to the elevator. All-in-all, we would stay here again.	
Jan 18 2006	Nice place to stay--a little noisy	My husband and I stayed at the Tahiti resort for a week in January, 2006. We are timeshare members and we traded a week to stay here. It was a great place to stay, but as said in previous reviews--it is noisy. We stayed in a one bedroom unit. It was very spacious and clean. The only complaint I have is the noise. The walls and ceilings are thin. The breakfast in the mornings was a nice touch. Just a basic set-up each morning with some danishes and coffee. The resort is in a good location. Easy to find and easy access to the strip. We rented a car during our stay and it worked out nicely.	
Oct 31 2005	Great place to stay in Vegas	I stayed at Tahiti Vacation Club for one night over Halloween weekend. Tahiti was cheaper than any hotel on or near the Strip (this weekend is particularly crowded and expensive.) My studio suite was spacious, very clean and had all of the amenities that I would look for if I were staying more than one night. The kitchen area was well stocked, the bed was comfortable, and the shower was excellent. The hotel is exactly 2 miles from New York-New York and there is a free shuttle that runs every hour (until 1:30 am on the weekends.) My only complaint is I woke up several times during the night because of noise from the hallway and upstairs. The ceiling and walls are not very thick! I would recommend running the fan to drown out some of the noise. I will definitely stay here again!	
Oct 20 2005	Great Resort just off the strip	We just got back from a three night stay at the Tahiti and were very pleased with the stay. The entire resort is immaculate and the staff is very friendly. They have two sand bottom swimming pools with a relaxing water fountain in between. After staying in hotels on the strip and having to trek through a smoky, noisy casino to get to your room, the Tahiti offers a nice reprieve just off the strip. As mentioned there are frequent shuttles to the strip so getting there is not a problem. There are also numerous bars and restaurants within walking distance.	
Oct 18 2005	great choice	My girlfriends and I stayed here for a week in December and we totally loved it! The resort is a short drive from the strip but from our experience you need a car to truly explore vegas. We rented a car at the airport and checked-in to a fabulous suite. The decor is beautiful and the pools are lovely. Families and groups of friends will enjoy their stays. You definitely need a car to get around b.c the shuttle service -----. The complimentary breakfast is not great but you can eat on the strip and if you are like me you will sleep through that and eat a fabulous lunch not to mention you have a fridge so you can stock up on your favorite breakfast treats to save $ and use that for your meals because you will need the $ b/c vegas resturants are not cheap as most people make you believe. Overall, the property is great nice staff and plenty to do nearby	
Sep 16 2005	Nice place to stay away from the Strip	We just returned from spending five days at the Tahiti in Las Vegas. This is a beautiful resort with two nice swimming pools. Our room was cleaned to perfection! We had a two bedroom unit which was lovely and had a nice view of the pool. The only complaint I have with the Tahiti is the rooms are not sound proof. We were woke up by our neighbors --crying children and angry parents -- two mornings in a row. We tried staying in the other bedroom -- we could hear their telephone conversations as if they were in our room. The staff was friendly and the continental breakfast was adequate. It is nice to have a coffee pot and coffee in your room each morning. We prefer to stay off the Strip where we can get away from the action for a few hours so this was perfect for us. We would recommend the Tahiti.	
Aug 15 2005 	great place	everything about the Tahiti is great...location,near eating places,gas stations,drug stores!Clean,clean,clean.......however the beds are thin mattresses on a wooden platforms....backache after third night.Get the Deluxe two bedroom of you have teens, they love having their &quot;own apartment&quot; with private entrance.Highly recommend....Consolidated Properties have a lot of great properties in Vegas and Hawaii.	
Apr 21 2005	Loved the Tahiti	The Tahiti is a timeshare resort located about 3 miles from the strip. I stayed here for the second time over the easter period and have not a bad word to say about it. The location was excellent! Not too far from the strip but far enough to feel that you are a thousand miles away if you want relaxation by the pool. A complimentrary shuttle service provides hourly rides to and from the strip with different hotel drop off points. The pool and garden area is kept well maintained with BBQs avaliable for guest use. This really is a good quality resort. However two points to be aware of: there is no evening entertainment or bar which is probably not necessary in a place like Vegas but some people like to chill out at their reseort and secondly be prepared for timeshare sellers to be showing people around the resort although I have to say it is done discreetly! Overall an excellent stay and I would defintely stay there a third time!!!	
Jan 16 2005	5 star	We stayed here on a getaway in July, what a great place. I don' think that we could go again in July bec. it was 114 degrees for a few days and that was too hot for me. The resort is brand new and beautiful! The grounds were immaculate and the staff were fantastic. The resort offers shuttle service to the strip. We used it for 2 days and then rented a car to have more freedom and no schedule. I would highly recommend staying here if you don't mind being off the strip	
Oct 3 2009 	Gute Ausweichmöglichkeit vom strip		
