Sep 14 2009 	Convenient location on a budget.	I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights and I think it's a reasonable option if you are on a budget. The location is great. It took me only 10 minutes to get to the Conference center and 2 minutes to get to the strip.From the outside the hotel doesn't look good at all, but the rooms are recently updated: big, freshly painted, marble countertops, completely re-done bathrooms. My biggest problem was that my room was on the second floor and there is no elevator or even a ramp, so you have to drag your luggage on the stairs.The staff didn't appear too friendly at first, but when I needed help, they went out of their way to help me out!Internet was great in the lobby and local phone calls were free.All in all, I recommend this hotel if you want a convenient location on a budget.Jackie	
Sep 13 2009 	A great place to stay	After much research into where to stay on a relatively small budget, we found this place and we're so glad we decided to book. Its located a 2 minute walk from Las Vegas Boulevard (The Strip) where you can hop on the bus that goes up to Fremont Street or down the other end of the strip to MGM. It's also within walking distance of a large mall, food court and some of the cheaper casinos. The buses do get busy at night but after commuting around city centre Manchester for years, its not as bad as American tourists will have you believe. Its also a short walk from the monorail station which is quicker but a bit more expensive.The rooms were basic but everything we needed. Huge room, especially compared to the rooms we've stayed in around Europe, King-sized bed, air-con and a decent shower too. Nothing fancy but we didnt plan on being in the room much anyway. There's a nice pool and the staff were extremely friendly and willing to help with any issues, such as booking excursions or locating certain attractions.Overall, a fantastic value for money hotel and we will seriously look at staying here again when we visit Las Vegas next year.	
Apr 18 2009 	Very good value and good location.	We stayed here for just one night when driving between Grand Canyon and Death Valley. The motel has a great location, just 5 minutes walk from the Strip, though it is at the more 'downmarket' end. The convention centre is right next door. The swimming pool seemed a bit grotty, but we had no plans to use it. The rooms are some of the biggest I've ever seen in a motel, and were very clean and comfortable. An in-room safe would have been nice, but I'm getting used to not having them in American motels. On the downside, the complimentary breakfast was the worst we had during our 5week holiday.The best thing about this place was the price. On the same road trip we'd earlier splashed out for two nights at Signature at MGM Grand, so we were very happy to pay just £35 at the Rodeway Inn and still have a good stay and see the other end of the Strip.	
Oct 20 2008	Okay nothing special but clean	an okay hotel. stayed as part of a tour. clean for the most part. Lobby is odd. Location is up the strip past the Wynn and a large construction area (nothing new in vegas) a reasonable hotel if your looking to do Vegas on the cheap	
Aug 10 2008 	Rooms are clean	Stayed here for one night on my way through Las Vegas. It was cheap. From the outside the hotel looks pretty dumpy, but the rooms were large, clean and newly remodeled. Towels were super soft and plentyful. Bed comfortable. It is a little bit of a hike to Treasure Island (main strip), but a quick walk across a nearby parking lot to Circus Circus. The air conditioners vent into the hallways so getting to your room can be hot and full of exhaust (this was a concern). They really need to have another way of venting the air conditioning exhaust. Continental breakfast is pretty typical with a variety of cereal, orange juice and pastry. Nothing hot. Great place for a cheap stay in Las Vegas.	
Jul 24 2008 	Absolutely fabulous location for a fantastic price...	We weren't sure where was best to stay when planning our trip to Vegas - there are so many hotels to choose from and because Vegas is such a large expanse we wanted to ensure we were as close to the Strip/Famous Hotels/Casinos as possible.We booked this hotel mainly on price and location - it was the nearest and best-priced hotel we could find in our budget. We weren't interested in staying in a hotel that has a casino as part of it because we wanted our accommodation to be somewhere to bed down having been out and experienced Vegas... we were more than delighted with this hotel.We arrived at Villa Roma to find it had been taken under Rodeway Inn's wing and were quite pleased by this, having stayed in two other Rodeways previously and had no problems. Check in was smooth/straightforward - polite and friendly as always, parking outside the doorway to the rooms corridor.Room - large - with TV, fridge, air con but no tea/coffee making - this was always available in reception. There were fizzy drinks machine and ice machines in the corridor. We used the pool, med-large size (get key from reception as it is gated off), clean and quiet and very relaxing in the Vegas heat.Breakfast was in a designated breakfast room - you are given a voucher for your room and number of guests - don't lose it! Cereal and pastries available, tea/coffee, no toast/muffins here.There are some issues with wi-fi connection in room (the signal isn't very well received there), however head into the lobby and connect there. Be careful of the reception's own PC for internet access - it was not working due to being absolutely full of spyware, so don't use it for personal details (online banking etc.)The location was fabulous - near to Greek Isles Casino, the Hilton and not far from shops, restaurants and the main Strip. A short taxi ride dropped us in the centre of it all and a great night was had by us both.We could not sing the praises enough of this hotel - it was the upper echelons of value for the price - modest, clean and ideally located for those that do not want to pay the earth for a comfy bed and breakfast in Vegas.	
May 26 2005	bed bugs	the linens are paper thin. left with plenty of welts from bed bug bites. price and location is nice.	
Apr 12 2005	good value	This hotel is located at 1213 S. Las Vegas Blvd. north of the main strip area. This area was once really seedy but they are cleaning it up. You will be safe here. The Rodeway INN is a budget hotel, so it is very far from luxury. However, the rooms are clean and the staff tries hard. Cabs do not stop here for a variety of reasons including the city codes. The Bus 301 stops right in front of the hotel, however, in case you do not have a car.THis hotel is a good place to stay if you want to save money and get away from the hustle and bustle of the main strip while in town.There is a Walgreens located two blocks from the hotel that is open 24 hours a day.Also, there are two wedding chapels (The Viva las Vegas Chapel and the Little White Wedding Chapel) adjacent to the hotel for those in town for weddings.	
Oct 7 2004	Location.......Location	With tax was it worth $47.96 a nite? Not really. Spent 2 free nites here in conjunction with viewing a timeshare and paid for the 3rd. Very vintage...that is built over 50 years ago and consisting of 6 separate buildings sitting, next to motel 6. The only thing going for it is that its across from the MGM and at the top of the &quot;Strip&quot; But than again when in Vegas how much time do you spend in your room???JRM	
Aug 22 2004	The Worst Place be in Las Vegas	We once visited LV without making reservation during holiday season. It was around 11 pm, and we were terrified that most major hotels were booked up! After wandering around here and there, we finally found a place with rooms! RODEWAY INN! It was also so cheaper ($50) than most hotel rooms. After taking a look at the room, we were horrified. The theme of the room was the American Flag. The room was painted with red, blue, and white stars. Even bed liners and pillows were colored in those colors. To be honest, my wife and i got scared of the awkward interior design. The bathroom was filthy and shower was so dirty that we were not even able to take shower.The bed was uncomfortable and the blankets were cheap material that made me itchy all night.I would pay $100 more to stay in better hotels. It was the worst experience in las vegas ever.	
Aug 13 2004	Challenging but score-able	Well, I was a little nervous at first, I usually stay at the Monte Scorlo, but I am getting pretty street smart about Vegas and can usually find the loose slots so I thought I would try something new at the Rodeway Inn. Let me tell you, this felt like I was in Jerryville. I had no problems putting one up on the board here.	
Mar 30 2004	Some tradeoffs worth it for us	We stayed here overnight on our way to Southern California. We found the location to be very convenient, with Carrow's restaurant next door and the San Remo, Tropicana, Excalibur, and MGM Grand close by. The room was quite small but we didn't spend much time there! Bring your own shampoo. Front desk staff was friendly and helpful, in spite of being extremely busy. We've stayed at the big resort casino hotels, but it's such a long hike to the parking lot. We traded off staying somewhere more 'elegant' for the convenience of parking directly outside our door.	
Mar 21 2004	An Ok hotel	I have been to a lot of hotels and this one is probably the worst. even though it is right on the strip, the hotel room was uncomfortable. When I arrived, there weren't enought towels, they didn'y give us shampoo, the room was very small, and there wasn't that much space to put our clothes. There was one Tv with about 12 channels, but no movies. When I went for a swim, the deepest part of the pool was 4.5 feet. I wanted to relax in the jacuzzi but the water was green and there wasn't even a sign saying it wasn't working. When i came back from a show at 11:30 I was about to go to sleep when I they didn't give me enough pillows to support my back. When i called the front desk he said that he wouldn't be able to get me 3 pillows, only one, and that we wouldn't be able to get them until 12:30 AM. Even though it was a little late, the city that never sleeps should have been able to get me a few pillows. Overall, I was disappointed with this hotel and I plan to stay in one of the nicer hotels next time.	
Dec 9 2003	cheap and convienient!!!	I came to vegas on vacation in june 2003. My flight was ruined and I arrived late to my check-in but once I walked in the doors, they treated me like a queen!!! They saw what I had went through and how pissed off I was and upgraded my room to a 2bdr queen suite. The total cost for 6 nights was no more than $200 and I loved it. It's a good budget hotel with a pool and a great restaurant(Carrows) right in front. The location was perfect also, right next to the San Remo and across from the MGM Grand. You don't spend much time in the room so why spend all of your $$$ on it??? It had large beds, TV's, and bathroom. You can't beat that with a STICK!!!!!	
Jun 9 2009 	?????????????????????		
