Sep 30 2009 	Will never stay there again	Required to make copy of Drivers License and credit card when I made reservation.Few weeks later discovered that some was trying to use my i.d. with the copies made at the hotel. Fortunately the person was arrested before any charges were made on my card. When I contacted the management and told them what happened, there was no apology. Did not even offer to look into the matter.	
Aug 7 2009	Great place to stay in Las Vegas	We stayed at Homestead Suites in early June. I picked this property based on the reviews that I read on TripAdvisor. This hotel is great. First, the staff was very gracious. I had a few simple requests. We were traveling with a small dog and we also needed a roll-away bed. The front desk handled my requests perfectly. Our room was on the first floor, near the door. It was easy to take the dog out and we were close to our car. It was great to have a fully stocked kitchen. We were able to eat leftovers and have cold drinks in the fridge. The hotel was very well maintained, inside and out. It is a few blocks from the strip, close to stores, stations, etc. I would recommend this hotel to anyone traveiing to Las Vegas. We'll definitely be back!!!	
Jul 25 2009 	it's worth the value.	The only thing is the room, especially the rug, wasn't clean enough for us who has a crawling baby. The room was cozy and fairly close to the Strip. Actually, it's very close by private car, but two bus shift is necessary by public transportation.	
Jul 12 2009 	Great place to stay if looking for low price cleanliness and friendly staff	i stayed at Homestead for second time in two months (due to relative in hospital, then in therapy facility). it was much more reasonable than Strip hotels, had complete kitchen so that I did not have to eat out every meal. It is quiet and clean and i have always been made to feel welcome. The maids do not come every single day, as it IS an exended stay hotel, but how many times do you change your sheets in a week? IF one would want to hit the casinos or see shows, they are mere minutes away. There is a Denny's next door and that is very handy, as well.I am going back in two weeks and will stay there again, as it is perfect for someone one in Vegas for business or personal reasons.	
Feb 2 2009	Dishonest Stressful	Had a nephew in a coma at Sunrise hospital. Needed a place for family to sleep in shifts. Everytime we talked to them the prices changed to a higher price. Finally agreed on a price and later found out they charged us $40 more than agreed upon. He agreed that he quoted us that price but couldn't do anything about it. He adjusted a litlle but not what we were promised. As we walked each room it took us 4 rooms to find one that could even be okay to stay in. The first one he showed us had poop in the toliet. The others were stinky and bedding not washed. It got to the point that it was ridiculous and moved to a different hotel. They were very dishonest and we felt like they were taking advantage of our situation needing to be close to the hospital. Very stressful	
Nov 13 2008	Fantastic stay	The whole staff went out of their way to make my stay next to perfect!	
Jun 26 2007 	They were Great !!!	I had to stay at this hotel for a surrogacy we transferred next door with Sher Inst. this hotel was awesome and the people there were so sweet. I highly recommend this hotel. I will be there again and praying for same luck as we had before. When the couple I am working with asked about a Hotel I told them about this one and how great they were. They booked rooms with NO issue what so ever.	
Nov 25 2006 	In Vegas! This is good for the money!	With weekend prices on the strip of $250 per night or more, the Homestead Studios Suites hotel is a blessing. I stayed here last weekend for a price of only $89 plus tax. It is my second stay at this hotel. It's location is about five blocks from the strip in an area where there is a hospital across the street and the UNLV two blocks away. Mainly business around with a smaller of amount of residences. It is an extended stay hotel for business travelers, contractors, agents, etc. Therefore there is no luxury, fancy suites, puffy drapes or concierge downstairs to wait on your every wish. It is a simple, clean, studio hotel with a kitchen and a bathroom. A rental car or taxi is required to get to the strip. The travel area between the hotel and the strip is not something I'd want to walk through at night, but perfectly cool in a car. On convention weekends this hotel can jump up pretty high (around $150 per day), but for regular weekends it is bargain. I do higly recommend it and will stay there again on my next visitThank you!GT	
Aug 21 2006 	Very Poor Guest Service	Hotel does not seem to know exactly what guest service means. The hotel manager Nur A is very arrogant and front desk clerk Rosa is not only rude but does not know what she is doing. It took us more than 20 minutes to check in and another 30 minutes to check out. Having a front desk who has been there for 6 weeks is not an excuse for a very poor guest service. Our complaints fell only into her deaf ears. When we checked in the manager was present at the front desk and seems to impress that he is busy doing something but actually he is not doing anything and was just looking at the poor front desk clerk do her job and not giving her any assistance even though other guests were waiting to check in.	
May 30 2005 	Excellent Experience!	I had originally checked on the reviews and thought &quot;Oh No!&quot; However, I had made my reservations and needed a place to stay for my two week training. What I experienced was a very polite, helpful staff, a very clean and efficient room, and lots of peace and quiet. Everything about my stay was excellent. The staff was always more than accomadating and I found the area to be very safe. I have stayed in Vegas &quot;Off Strip&quot; before and found it to be scary but this was great. I had great comfort in knowing that my vehicle was safe. I would stay here again in a heartbeat and would recommend!	
May 1 2005	Avoid the Homestead	Please avoid this hotel, it was a disaster. Our business group was here for a convention and the room was booked for us on the Las Vegas end. We couldn't believe how disgusting the rooms were, and everything else in town was booked. There was no internet service, there was no maid service for an entire week, on a business trip! We had to buy towles at the mall it was THAT bad. The rooms were dirty, they smelled, and the air conditioning was broken for six days in Las Vegas!Everyone complained, the hotel was so subpar we couldn't even laugh about it. Our company terminated business with the travel agent who booked us there.	
May 1 2005 	Hated the Homestead	The absolute worst hotel I have ever been asked to stay in. I was here for business not pleasure and asked the business I was meeting with what was a quiet hotel nearby. This place was a waste of money, and a depressing place to return at the end of the day.	
Sep 21 2003	Homestead	I stay in this hotel frequently for business and the management always is friendly. The location is convenient as it is near a mall and many restaurants.	
