	Good for overnight	This is my second time at Sams Town so I knew what to expect generally. Booked a room online at a good rate and since it was mid-week, off season and few people about, I asked for an inside room. They were willing to give me one if I ponied up another $20 a night so I declined - the room decor inside and outside were no different, the view inside was not as boring. Valet service was friendly, room was adequate, check in and check out were fast and this place has one of the lowest resort fees. This hotel has a shuttle to the Strip but be warned that it could take an hour to get you there. This is a budget hotel/casino but it is clean and okay for a night or for RV'rs - quite a distance from the Strip but there's a Walmart and such around the area if you need to pick up anything. Ate at the Mexican restaurant in the hotel and it was mediocre at best..	
	Bad Bed and pillows	If you're going to stay there don't get a room above the waterfall because the sound from the show is noisy unless you plan on bring ear plugs. Another thing is,they need to replace the beds and pillows which are horrible. Bring your own pillow	
Nov 21 2009 	So glad to be back...	It was two years since our last trip to Vegas and we were determined to start in a place that feels like home.Check-in is still friendly, the casino is still mercifully free of the flashy types who gravitate towards the south end of the Strip, and there is room to breathe.Speaking of which, cigarette smoke seemed to hang in the air less this visit. A nice surprise.The Firelight buffet provided a great Sunday champagne brunch and we were as enthralled as ever by Mystic Falls. We were sure we'd miss the Fresh Harvest Café and we did, but TGI Fridays is friendly and the $4.99 breakfast special was worth a try (twice).We had a 3rd floor room looking onto the atrium behind Mystic Falls and a surprising smell of cigar smoke got in there over a couple of days. Not good - I should have mentioned that while we were there...The slots were great, the atmosphere was very relaxed and - someone listened to comments made on sites like this - the cocktail waitresses were much more in evidence in the casino.Would we come back? Try stopping us!	
Nov 9 2009 	Sam's Town Is GREAT	Get a players card, and play your heart out. It pays off!	
Oct 29 2009 	Horrible beds	My husband and I chose to stay at Sams Town because it was offered in the package we requested from Travelocity for our 39th anniversary trip. When we arrived we were very excited with the obvious amenities of the food services that were going to be convient and the casino location. We stayed 3 nights and 4 days. Even though we arrived early we were welcomed to an early check in which made our first day more enjoyable. When our first evening ended and we retreated to our room, we were apprehensive over the stiffness of the bed. We have firm mattresses at home so we knew they were extremely hard. We decided to try the other bed on the 2nd night and with no change had a rough nights sleep. The Pillows were extra hard also. They were tube shaped and not fluffy. We discussed it on our last morning at breakfast after seeing all the strip and even flying over to the Grand Canyon Skywalk, that our trip was perfect with the exception of our sleeping arrangements. We won't come again to Sam's Town and will definately not recommend it to any family or friends, all because of the beds.	
Oct 26 2009 	far from strip but great value for nice hotel	Well, it was a lot farther from the strip then I originally thought. BUT... very nice hotel! The standard rooms were a lot nicer than I thought. Nice and roomy, flat screen tv, comfy chairs, okay view..clean and comfy all together. My friends stayed @ Sahara, and when we went to go visit them, I was SO GLAD we stayed @ Sams! lol. Sahara is old and elevators were making noises.... paper thin walls, view of the roof with chipped glass everywhere, roaches.... u get the picture. Coming back to our casino/hotel was like, luxurious compared to theirs! But again, it is off-strip in a residential neighborhood so if location is important to you, i suggest you pay a little bit more and stay on the strip. This is kind of a comfy and quiet place. Nice place to stay if you don't care about being on the strip. It's not a hip place with nice clubs or anything. More of a family oriented kind of place. Lots of older couples &amp; families. They also have a little food court, mcdonalds etc. kind of has that knott's berry farm feel to it, decor wise. real comfy, cute &amp; charming! I really enojoyed our stay ,especially for the price!	
Oct 25 2009 	Has gotten better and worse all at the same time!	I previously wrote a review based on a stay in September 2008 a while back. At that time I had become somewhat disappointed with Sam's in General. I have stayed here many times since 1999 and up until the last few years had always considered it a great value. But with all the construction the value had diminished a lot. On this visit I was pleasently surprised. First, I reserved my room through Hotels.com at a rate that was well below what I could have gotten booking direct. So that helped. The room was clean and for once the bed was very comfortable instead of the rock of a mattress that I normally got. Since I was staying three nights this is a huge plus. The staff at check-in was wonderfully friendly too. Most of the construction seems to be completed. They now have a section of the casino which is non-smoking and is a good addition although I never felt Sam's was that smokey. The sports book is awesome and the rest of the gambling seemed fair. They have also seemed to increase the number of drink runners from last year which is always a good thing. However, the restaurant selection has taked a downward turn. Gone is the 24 hour Harvest Cafe and one of my favorite Italian restaurants, Felini's. Fortunately there is a Felini's still at the Stratosphere so we went there for dinner on Friday. New is a TGI Friday's. Now mind you, I like Friday's. But when I go to Vegas I don't want to eat in a corporate chain. Friday's also has a breakfast menu that, from what I was told, is horrible. Willy &amp; Jose's is still there (very good Mexican food) as is Billy Bob's (steaks). The buffet is average but a little pricy on the weekends. The one great addition is the new snack bar at the sports book. Cheap, yet very good deli style meals, including a breakfast sandwich on a kaiser roll to die for. Overall as long as I can get decent rates, somewhere between $55 - $65 on weekends, I will continue to stay at Sam's. I would still consider it to be a good value, especially in these economic times. Much higer and I start to consider other locations on Boulder.	
Oct 25 2009 	Great Hotel	We stayed at Sams Town on the 11th -14th of October and very much enjoyed our visit. The rooms were clean and spacious with everything you could need. The hotel is about a 15 minute drive from the strip but has lots of amenities, a very large casino and a WalMart supermarket just accross the road. When my daughter and son-in-law came to visit us from their hotel on the strip they caught the free shuttle which was great, on time and meant we didn't have to run them back and fore. We loved the garden area in the middle of the hotel and the fountain show was great fun. Would love to stay at Sams Town again and would recommend.	
Oct 20 2009 	inexpensive and very nice	This is a very nice hotel at a very good price... Rooms are big and clean and service is good. Negatives are that it is not on the strip and the neighborhood did not seem nice.	
Oct 19 2009 	Bowling after midnight on weekdays	Bowl there after midnight on weekdays. You can bowl for a $1 a game (shoe rental is also $1). The ladies at the counter were very nice. The alley is well maintained. Didnt have to wait for a lane.	
Oct 7 2009 	Best off-strip hotel in Vegas	Because of the good rates we choose Sam's Town, although the rates go higher in the weekends. Clean, comfortable and spatious rooms, lots of towels/soap/shampoo. Excellent staff at the frontdesk. The pool is a bit small, but the casino is huge. You absolutely need a car when you stay at Sam's (but there is a free shuttle-service to the Strip). Totally no complaints, had a very pleasant stay for a week.	
Oct 4 2009 	Fun Alternative To The Strip Hotels	My husband and I spent one night here on a return trip from Salt Lake. It was a Friday night so reasonably priced, quality hotels were in short supply.Sams Town filled our needs in everyway. Our Valet was efficient and helpful, check in was super friendly and helpful.Our room was clean and comfortable and we had no problem with noise.Billy Bob's Steak House is adequate, perhaps a little pricey for the quality but the service was good. The breakfast/brunch buffret was good with plenty of champagne. The only weird thing is that it was served in plastic cups. The atrium is beautiful with all the waterfalls and lights. We don't gamble much but we enjoyed the casino action this night. I enjoyed the dance club because it was relaxed friendly and fun with everyone dancing with each other. The only problem we had was with the lack of free Wi-Fi which disappointed my husband.We would stay here again.	
Sep 30 2009	Home away from home	I love Sams Town. I go at least 4-5 times a year and it is my home away from home. It is very comfortable and the people who work there are very friendly. It is never too crowded in the casino. It has everything you need, nice restraunts, movie theatre, bowling alley, pool, spa, bingo and of course tables and slots. I am planning to get married there May 2010 on the balcony and cannot wait. I am going to go speak to the wedding cordinator in a couple of weeks. Sams Town is my home away from home.Thank you Sams Town	
Sep 20 2009 	great hotel	very friendly and helpful staff, free shuttlebus to strip and downtown. great movie theatre and plenty of restaurants.	
Aug 21 2009 	great service even if you are just there gambling	We were in Las Vegas this week. We needed to check-in to Southwest airlines to get our seats for the return trip. We had seen the internet machines all over the different hotels and decided to just have a good time the last day and check-in on one of the machines. We decided to go to Sam's Town for the day. Got there and no machines. My husband went to the front desk and asked about the internet machines, they do not have them, BUT the front desk checked us in to Southwest. What a great service, and we weren't even staying there. Their buffet was very good and not a fortune either. Very good customer service. Just a big thanks to the Sam's Town employees.	
Aug 17 2009 	WONDERFUL TIME	We had a great room with a view of east mts. The buffet was very good. The service was really good. Big casino. Very comfy room. Will stay again	
Aug 13 2009 	Paper thin walls	We were using this hotel as a jump off for our 10 day Zion, North Rim, Page and Sedona loop. We wanted a good night sleep after a long flight, so we booked off the strip. First, I'll start with the positive: We paid $26.95/night plus $4.50/night hotel fee...not bad. We decided to book 2 rooms for the four of us to spread out, because this great rate. The front desk staff were very polite and friendly. Check in was a breeze. The TGI Fridays and hotel breakfast buffet were great. If you sign up for the Club Coast card, they give you $1 off the buffet. We loved the atrium and water/laser show. The hotel rooms were fairly clean and attractive, but small.Now the bad: There were areas of the hotel that were showing its age, such as the carpets on the 7th floor. Also, some of the hotel patrons used the garden containers in the atrium as trash receptacles. I could ignore all of this and probably give the hotel a 4 star overall. However, my last and largest complaint is the paper thin walls. My family had connecting rooms. The ladies in the room to the right of our room came in at 1:30 am and laughed and cackled until 3:30 am when I think I finally just passed out from exhaustion. They were having a great time. I don't begrudge them...that is what Vegas is all about for most who come. My kids had the room on the left and told me in the morning that their neighboring room's alarm clock when off at 1 am and the patron didn't come in til 3 am to shut it off. Then, he turned on the TV for a couple hours. Again, don't begrudge the patron, but the walls are literally paper thin. Don't plan on getting any sleep if you have a neighboring room with patrons who don't share your sleeping habits.Last, this is also a positive. When checking out, the front desk staff asked how my stay was and I laughed and said exhausting. She asked what I meant and I explained about the noise coming from our neighboring rooms. The hotel credited me $15/per room plus the $4.50/night per room. So it cost me next to nothing to stay.Again, if you don't plan on sleeping, this may be the place for you. But, if you need a good night sleep, you will not get one at Sams Town, due to paper thin walls.	
Jul 29 2009 	I renamed it Sam's Hell	I only picked staying at this hotel because I was traveling with my senior parents and thier senior friends and they had free nights. I had to pay because I am not a real gambler type person. When I arrived I was in the atrium thinking, gee this is nicer than I expected. Well then I arrived to the room. Do not believe the pics you see on the internet. Some of the cheaper rooms are extremely dirty and run down. Run down does not bother me as much as dirty. When I am afraid to actually sit on the chair or bed because is it dirty. There was someone's hair all over the chair. I immediately called the lobby (It was late at night about 10pm) and said &quot;I want a room that looks like the one you have on your internet site&quot; she told me that I could have another room at the same cost or I can pay 25.00 more for the room they show on the internet. So I just payed the 25.00 more though I did agrue that it seemed unfair that I have to pay more money for a room so I do not have a dirty disgusting room???? The newer room was better and I could live with it for the 4 nights I was staying there. They said I had to come back down to the desk to make the switch since there was only one person at the front desk.I would not go out of my way to stay at this hotel and even if they gave me free nights I would never stay there again. It is away from the strip and sort of boring. It is really meant for the locals I think. As for dining I was actually very impressed with Billy Bob's restaurant and Willy &amp; Jose's Cantina had GREAT Happy Hour with yummy Margarita's. The buffet was not really good.	
Jul 23 2009 	Pleasantly surprised!	I stayed at Sam's Town last year as I was passing through Las Vegas to meet up with a tour group for a kayaking trip in the Sierras.I chose Sam's basically for the excellent room price advertised on their website -- as well as their off-strip location (which seemed best for me -- as I was planning an early morning departure and had little wish to fight traffic).Desk clerk friendly and knowledgable, offered free room upgrade (overlook of Mystic Falls) at check in. Room much nicer than what you'd find at any lower-end chain for the same price: immaculate, nice-sized television, bed very comfortable.I already knew of most amenities from visiting Sam's website, but was pleasantly surprised by their quality. Bowling alley, movie theater, and sit-down restaurants. They also have a couple &quot;quick-grab&quot; type places (a Subway outlet was one).Didn't really gamble, so can't comment on that -- only dunked a few coins while I waited an hour for their Mexican restaurant to open for dinner (posted hours were wrong).Food was well-prepared, but didn't wow me. Wait staff just the right amount of attentive.Mystic Falls was awesome -- I'd say it's one of the better &quot;free&quot; shows in Vegas. (Maybe it just resonated, it being so DIFFERENT from what you might expect out of 'Vegas -- no glitz -- and me being outdoor girl that I am. Hey, I caught it 3 times &amp; it didn't get old. But plenty of families and kids at the earlier shows -- locals, maybe??? -- would likely agree.) Do catch -- well worth your time.Sam's is a great place to stay -- many amenities and a low-key, comfortable atmosphere as well as a smokin' hot value -- what's not to like???I'd go back again in a heartbeat!	
Jul 23 2009 	Great Value 	Book early for a super-priced deal.Ideal choice if you're picking up an RV from the depots situated along Boulder Highway (as several are).Hotel is about $20 cab ride from Airport.The quality is as good as the Strip Casino hotels.	
Jul 22 2009 	Excellent alternative to the hustle of the strip	We started gambling at Sam's Town because we were not having any fun on the strip. The casino was relaxed and friendly. We decided to start staying there. The rooms are nicely decorated. Beds are comfortable. Service is top notch. Take the shuttle to the strip/convention center. I used to stay at Harrah's-never again. Stayed here the last 6 years, making my reservations to stay there again.	
Jul 22 2009 	Fantastic Hotel--Stay Here and be happy!!!	After trying four other LV hotels during previous trips, my wife and decided to spend four nights at Sam's Town and are so happy we made the switch. Our room was modern and large for the price we paid...between 39 and 49 dollars during the week. A great value for money option. The hotel's website even offers a better price if you are staying there within a month of your birthday. Worth a look.Parking was easy and the access to the tower did not require swinging thru the casino. Very easy. The elevators were whisper quiet and reliable.The front desk staff was friendly and super efficient. We were in our room in no time at all.The Mystic Falls atrium fountain show is amazing. Do not miss this as it is one of the best free attractions LV has to offer.The Firelight Buffet is the undisputed champion of the Vegas buffets. With your players card, breakfast is just $5.49 and dinner dips to $9.99 most evenings. The food was hot, tasted great and the atmosphere had class. High marks here.Also, the coffee shop had a terrific late night sausage and eggs. Sam's Town is a bit of a drive to the strip--approximately 20 minutes on Flamingo Blvd. However it is a predictable drive with few traffic snarls to worry about.Sam's has a lot to offer and is a great find. We would stay here again without any hesitation at all. It is difficult to fault a nice hotel that does so many things so very right. A great four nights!	
Jul 8 2009 	Great Fun great staff and inexpensive to boot.	I had never been to Sam's Town since we usually stay on the strip, but now that I have, it will be my destination of choice. Slots were looser, staff was friendlier, Mystic Falls wasvery enjoyable; just more bang for the buck. Great choice of slot machines and the bar staff was super.	
Jul 1 2009 	Nice Hotel	Sams Town is a good clean Resort but it was too far from all the action for my taste. It is about 10 miles from the strip and about a 30 minute drive at a busy time of day. Las Vegas use to be easy to drive around many years ago, but it is congested now like any other big city and driving around in heavy traffic is not what I want to do on vacation, I get to do that at home every day. The casino always seemed dead, even at night while the casinos on the strip were jumping with action and people having fun. I like this place and you can get great rates but I do not think we will stay here again. I feel conflicted recommending this Hotel.	
Jun 30 2009 	A Lot For The Money	Besides having the most comfortable bed and a great view, the property has a pool / spa that appears to be open 24/7. Late night trips to the pool / spa made my stay here a cut above other places in Las Vegas I was a guest in. The parking is free, there is a resort fee that is small, internet is slow and tv service was basic.  My room had a view of the Eastside Cannery building which looks wonderful in the evenings. The room was larger sized and rather comfortable. If you are looking for a recession vacation this just might be the place. Bowling, movies, pool, spa, dining, indoor park and of course a casino makes Sam's Town hard to beat for those looking to get out of the house without spending too much. I booked my room through vegasview.com for $8 per night which is almost free. I hope to get this deal again but I'm not holding my breath. Currently Sam's Town on the site is a more sane $26 a night which is still a bargain. Other reviews mentioned this location as a good choice for families and I would agree. So if Las Vegas is going to be your recession vacation this could be your spot.	
Jun 29 2009 	Loved it	This was our annual trek to Las Vegas, we have been going with friends for about seven years now; its the parents play ground. We love to venture out beyond the &quot;Strip&quot; and Sam's Town is one of those gems we found a few years back but never stayed at until this year. We absolutely loved it. Our friends were in a &quot;regular&quot; room and we for the first time opted for a suite. The decor in the &quot;regular&quot; room is beautiful and the one bedroom suite was fantastic; both accommodations overlooked the atrium which is amazing itself.In all the years past I had never wanted to just sit and relax in my room but the suite was so inviting my friend and I couldn't help ourselves but to leave the guys at the table, grab a snack at the food court and chill in front of the TV for a while. Sam's Town is just that a town within itself but not overwhelmingly huge, you can actually find your way to your room without a GPS. They had great live music during our stay. Although we did not use it, Sam's offers a shuttle to down town and the strip. There is shopping right across the street for anything you may have left at home. We ate at the buffet last year and it was very good. I suppose I could go on and on about our enjoyable stay but to sum it up we have stayed in many places (can't afford the Wynn) during our travel to LV and will defiantly return to Sam's Town	
Jun 27 2009 	Absolutely Fabulous Must-See! Great for families too	My husband and I made it a point to visit Sam's Town not only once, but twice after seeing it featured on Rachel Ray's &quot;$40 a Day&quot; on the Food Network (she featured their 'Firelight Buffet.'). I have to say what a pleasant surprise it was! Of all the hotels that we visited during our stay, it was only at the Encore (we stayed at Encore) and Sam's Town that doors were held open for us and received 5 star service from the personnel. Everyone that worked there were both friendly and helpful, and seemed genuinely happy to have us at their Casino. One Craps guy, I think his name was Sinisi? was from Checkloslovakia?, stood out because he was so friendly and helpful and kind to us, teaching us about craps and notifying me when it was time to do something at the Craps table (we won $300 that night, but lost on other nights there, but didn't matter because we just loved it there)! The employees seemed happy to be at work and all had a jovial attitude towards both each other and the patrons. One funny thing that happened was when I asked this one man gambling if he came there often, and the dealer replied for him, saying, &quot;Who, Barry, nah, he's never been here!&quot; (I found it funny anyway :P) There are a lot of locals who gamble there, I found signs prominently displaying that Sam's Town had won Best Gambling Hall for 6 straight years in a row! There is a reason for this: the employees and the craps odds are 20 to 1 :D Everything was extremely clean and the waitresses remembered my name when I had only visited there once before on our trip, (loved that). There is even a separate gambling area on the other side (separate from the main) that is non-smoking (great for people who abhor smoking). One thing that I found particularly wonderful about the place was the fountain show in the center of their main area. It is basically a smaller scaled version of the fountains show seen at Bellagio. Considering that Sam's Town is much older than the Bellagio, it makes me wonder if Bellagio borrowed the idea from Sam. :P There was a wide variety of people and families there, all watching in amazement at the show. Middle America at it's finest :) I saw quite a few retirees there also, (they are the smart ones that know where to gamble) :PIn addition, Sam's Town has a Bowling Hall, a Movie theater, an Ice Cream shop, as well as a Dunkin' Donuts (great relief from those $6 coffees that you find on the strip)! I am including pictures in both this review and a following review because each review only allows 10 pictures. I think that I took more pictures here than any other casino that we visited during 5 days there, I liked it that much.If I were to ever go to Vegas again, the two standout choices of 'must-see' places to stay would be Sam's Town or Encore, and honestly, I think that I would choose Sam's Town because of the great gambling they have and that it is just so comfy and nice. (Encore is brilliant too though) :P We visited a lot of casinos in Vegas too, including Caesar's (great) and Bellagio (not-so-much, not because of the staff, but because it was just a conglomerate mess with the MASSIVE crowds and HEAVY smoking). It took me nearly half an hour to find a freaking bathroom at Bellagio, and it was far away from where I was gambling)Do yourself a favor and choose Sam's Town, I think that you will be glad that you did! --and your wallet will thank you! (better gambling odds, and if you check, I think their slots are slightly higher in percentage payouts, being off the strip) Please read my reviews of this place after this one, you will find a lot more photos, pictures are worth a thousand words!and for the mods, No, I do not work for Sam's Town, I just like to give credit where credit is due :P	
Jun 23 2009 	Ver nice hotel	Excellent Service. The staff answered all my questions with a smile. Movie Theatre on the premesis. $3.00 days on Tuesday which is a big plus if you are over 60. They have a free shuttle to the strip every half hour. The only down side that I have to staying there is the Buffet. It is not expensive but also not very good. For breakfast there is an omlete station but thaere are huge lines for this. The pancakes were hard as a rock. Otherwise I give the hotel very high marks for cleanliness. We had a really great time.	
Jun 18 2009 	Nice place to stay for 1 or more nights in Vegas	This is a nice place to stay. We stayed on the 6th floor with a room over looking the indoor park. It was nice and clean. The beds were a little outdated and lumpy. It had a McDonald's downstairs by the park so we didn't even have to take the kids into the Casino. We only stayed here for one night on our way to Utah but it was really nice for us. We did not get any special services other than Valet parking which is tip only which was nice. Some places are expensive as much as $30 for valet. The lady at the check in desk was nice and greeted us with a smile. We did not have to wait in line. It is off the strip but that is one of the reasons we picked this hotel/casino and the price was great. We paid 28.00 for our room so I won't complain. I would stay here again but would ask for another blanket and another pillow if that haven't updated by then.	
May 2 2009 	Good value accomodation	Spent 3 nights in Sam's Town at the end of April and it was great value for money. Had a nice quiet room facing the mountains. The room and bathroon were spacious and clean. Ample parking for my rented car. Regular shuttle buses available to and from the Strip and Downtown.The hotel is located on the Boulder Highway and is an easy drive straight to the Hoover Dam and Lake Mead.Lisa on the front desk was a delight and other well known hotel chains should hire her to train their staff on customer service.My only complaint about Sam's Town was the extorniate cost to use the wifi - $5.99 for one hour, $9.99 for 24 hours or $29.99 for 3 days!! This was the only time I paid for internet access during my time in the southwest. I could have gone across the street to McDonalds and used their free hotspot but I didn't fancy lugging my laptop only to be online for a short time. Get with it Sam's Town, if small hotels in the Grand Canyon and Zion NP can offer free wifi then so can you.	
Apr 1 2009 	Nice place and great room price	We stayed here on the way home from So. California on Sunday night, March 29, 2009.Sam's Town has a very good basic rate most nights for a clean comfortable room. All staff were extremely friendly and helpful.We had a two queen bed room. While very nice with a desk and flat screen T.V., I was surprised it didn't have a refrigerator, microwave or even a coffee maker, so take note if you were expecting those. Wi-Fi is available in the rooms but the charge for it seems pretty steep. There is free ice on each floor so with our travel cooler we didn't miss a refrigerator. We always take a small electric kettle to heat water for coffee etc.. We requested two extra pillows which were brought to us promptly at no extra charge. There was a problem with the toilet which was quickly addressed by hotel engineering.Dinner at the Firelight Buffet is $10.99, or $9.99 if you get one of the Coast Club Cards which are free. It was very good with a huge selection and included a glass of wine or draft beer for the adults.There is no free breakfast, but there are lots of places to eat on the property. The Firelight Buffet has breakfast for about $6, but the line was too long by the time we got there. We grabbed a quick breakfast at the in-house McDonald's, which was much better than most &quot;free breakfasts&quot; for about $5 each. I have to mention, this McDonald's is the only fast food location we visited on our entire vacation that didn't mess up the order.The atrium in the center is kinda fun. It has a feature they call Mystic Falls with a waterfall scene and animatronic animals. If you are with anyone who has a problem with cigarette and cigar smoke, be aware it is hard to entirely avoid. The atrium is a non-smoking area and you can reach the McDonald's through there. The hotel corridor we were in was also non-smoking. Just the same, you'll be smelling some smoke walking from one place to another.This isn't the easiest place to get your luggage to your room in if your doing it yourself. We couldn't see an available bell hop when we arrived and just thought we'd do it ourselves. It took us about twenty minutes, involved four trips to the parking garage which isn't all that close to the rooms. It would have been easier to have waited for a bellhop. It could have helped if the hotel had a few luggage carts on hand in the garage for guests.I'd consider staying here again since the price can't be beat. If I was looking for a real Las Vegas experience though, I'd probably stay somewhere on or nearer the Strip.	
Mar 31 2009 	Incredible value - fabulous resort hotel	I may be very late in providing comments, but I just had to do it. My stay at Sams was so great it is the reason I will plan a new trip to Vegas as soon as possible. Although a few miles from the strip, it doesn't matter because they offer free shuttle bus service to all the main areas. We had our car and didn't need to use it. Check out their website for all they offer. Everything was great, food, service,gambling, entertainment options, etc. etc. etc. Forget about staying on the strip. Price is unbeatable.	
Mar 30 2009 	Great Hotel for the price lovely location	Stayed here for 5 nights with my boyfriend, we got a double twin, bathroom was great, more than big and bright enough. Had read reviews that the walls were quite thin, found out they were on the morning we wer leaving, there was obviously nobody in the room next door all week!!! We stayed here as it was the best location for our visit to the Las Vegas RC Competition near Sam Boyd. Food here is good, Mc Donalds, Buffet was exceptional for only €13, TGI Fridays was good for breakfast. Overall we had a pleasant experience here, and you have to see the water show that takes place just off the lobby, Class!! Walmart is just accross the road, ideal!!	
Mar 29 2009 	Still good but a couple of problems on this trip...	Just got back from another stay at Sam's Town Las Vegas, March 20-22, 2009. I responded to a monthly offer I receive from their rewards club for three free nights any night of the week, along with vouchers for a free lunch and dinner at the Firelight Buffet.Upon arriving at the hotel around 1 am, there was no line at check-in and it went very smooth. I happened to notice that they have gone back to charging a required $50 room deposit per stay for their players club members via credit/debit card only, whereas this was always an option in the past versus being mandatory, along with having the ability to pay a cash deposit if desired. I arrived at room 931, which was an outside room vs. a park view room which was actually what I was looking for - although the inside rooms with views of the park are nice, the laser light show that runs several times a day in the park gets very loud and overbearing, so the outside facing rooms are much quieter. I had requested a king bed and got two queens, but I understand that preferences can't be guaranteed (even on a comp offer!) so I wasn't too big of a deal. Being on the top floor was nice, and this particular corner of the hotel had a really great view of the Strip, which was a nice touch.It had been about a year since my last stay and everything still appears to be in very good shape. All of the rooms now have 37&quot; flat panel televisions which were a nice addition. The armoires that held the old televisions are still intact and have been turned into dry bars. After being in the room for a couple of hours, I noticed a couple of problems. I noticed that there was a leak along with slow drainage problems in the shower, and it appeared that the air conditioner wouldn't go below 78 degrees, even being on the coldest setting. The second day of the trip was on the warm side, but I was barely in the room so it wasn't too big of a deal. I probably would have requested a room change in the event I was paying for it or if it would have been extremely hot outside.I had mentioned in a previous review that although the comps are good here, the slots have gotten alot tighter over the past couple of years, so I actually only played through about $25 here without any luck. I usually play traditional reel slots at the dollar level, and learned several trips ago that this isn't the best place to play anymore! I haven't seen too many new machines on my past few trips, it appears they just keep moving them around.All of the casino, restaurants and everything else appeared to be in great shape as usual. Sbarro, Panda Express and McDonald's in the food court are always cheap, surefire bets, and the two trips I had to the Firelight Buffet were excellent. Although even the comp line was a little long for the Sunday Champagne Brunch, it was well worth the wait. Although I was stuck in a room with a couple of mechanical issues, Sam's Town is still a great place and I'd still recommend it to everyone. Keep in mind that it's not a Strip-type casino - it's much more laid back with alot of older, local clientele and better payouts.	
Mar 18 2009 	great place for vegas	off the strip approximatly 10 miles rooms large and clean adequate gambling shopping available Sheplers nice resturants great place for kids bowling movie theater Resturant s very good all price ranges Have an automated light show at night have been there numerous times room rates reasonable close to outlet malls shuttle service to downtown vegas and the strip	
Mar 18 2009 	Another Great Stay	2nd time stay at Sam's Town in Vegas. First trip was good, once I figured out why it was so expensive from the airport for a round-trip. Note: It's on Boulder Highway, quite a little ways from the Strip.Stayed for 2 nights (comp sent in the mail) and also received a $25 food coupon for buffet or steakhouse. Upon arriving, I was checked in by the absolute nicest front desk clerk, Lisa. She was very prompt about taking my information and assigning me a room. We even visited over why I was there and playing Bingo (which I didn't win...and she said she had given up on because she never wins anyways!). She informed me that my original request of a King wouldn't be available, but that was OK. I was given room #333. It was interesting because it was tucked away in a corner by itself. I was OK with that. Now, the best part....I asked Lisa if I could obtain a funbook. She &quot;slipped&quot; me one. Now that's customer service!Rooms are nice, casino is large (2 levels) and Bingo hall is fun. They have a shuttle service that runs to Harrah's and the Rivieria on the Strip as well as California and Fremont downtown. Highly recommend using this, just beware of schedules (which you can get at the front desk). If not, you can still get back by using the CAT buses (but remember its on Boulder so it will take some time to get back).Steakhouse was great, but ate a little too much as I had to spend the $25...beware appetizers are large than appears sometimes :).	
Mar 10 2009 	Bites from fleas or bed bugs on 8th Floor	My room was on the 8th floor and I could not go without shoes on the carpet or in the bathroom. I had so many bites on my feet that I had to use liquid Benedryl to coat my feet to stop the itching. I had bites on my neck and arms too. I don't know if they were from fleas or bed bugs but it was pretty bad. I am worried that I carried some of the critters home with me in my luggage. If I didn't have to be there for company business, I would not have stayed. I would not return to this hotel.The room was kept tidy by housekeeping and the staff at the front desk were very nice and helpful and the coffee in the hotel was very good. I wish I could say more.	
Feb 20 2009 	First timers - loved Sam's town	3 mature ladies doing a 2 week tour around LV. Got a good deal on line direct with Sam's..2 nights for $57..pay for the first night second one free.First time at ST and we liked it and would return. Outside room, good size &amp;decent bathroom. Great cocktail service in the evening..had to hunt for a CW during the day. Mystic Falls show was fun...but see it once and that is enough.TGIF - poor quality food,service okBuffet - did breakfast only - only averagefriendly &amp; helpful staff..especially at players club good casino floor	
Feb 18 2009 	Comfortable stay at off-strip property	Booked this hotel through Expedia on a great promotion. We stayed for 5 nights Th-Tue. We checked in around 10:30pm on a Thursday night. The girl said they were fully booked for the night, but still found us a king non-smoking room. We even got a free upgrade to the atrium view. We didn't ask for it, we just got it. The room was nice, a little basic, but clean and spacious. It looked as if it was one of the recently renovated rooms. We had a flat panel TV, an armoire with a refrigerator, two recliners, a desk/chair, and a good sized bathroom. The sink and counter area is about 7ft long so there is plenty of space for all your things. The shower had the new curved curtain bar so you had some extra room in the shower. Housekeeping did a pretty good job ... they replenished the towels and soaps, and always changed the sheets, but it didn't look like they vacuumed during our stay. The casino has plenty of slots to pick from, but it does get quite smokey! They could use a few more restaurant choices. Fellini's is closed now, and TGIFridays has replaced the 24 hr. cafe. The Mexican place is closed on Mondays and Tuesdays too, I think. The buffet was good for breakfast and the food court was nice. Oh yeah, the cinnamon almonds in the atrium are yummy!We really enjoyed our stay and wouldn't hesitate to stay again.	
Feb 15 2009 	Nice Hotel Mediocre Amenities Nickel And Dime You	booked through hotel.com. got a discount rate. easy to get there. freeway close even though away from strip. very nice staff. they want to upcharge you 25 bucks to get a newer remodeled room. they nickel and dime you for everything. room was clean. old though. crowd is old. at night it gets ghetto. there is security around. seems safe. only there one night. not sure i would go back. for a cheap room it's ok.	
Feb 2 2009	Not as good as before	We have stayed at Sam's Town previously &amp; have always enjoyed it. One of the nicest things was the courtyard cafe that had great food at reasonable prices. It was really nice to sit listening to the falls &amp; have the feeling of being outside. They closed this when the new TGIF opened which we found to be a big mistake. TGIF does not have near the atmosphere &amp; the food is like all the chains. It just wasn't the same without the nice cafe so I don't think we will be back. TGIF can be found anywhere.	
Jan 14 2009 	Excellent stay	Stayed January 2-6, 2009 and we were exceptionally happy.Ate at BIlly Bob's and it was top notch as usual. Ate at WIly and Jose Cantina and the food was very good. Ate at TGIFriday's and it certainly is not up to par with the Harvest Cafe or any other TGIFriday's in the US. Service was slow and unfriendly also.The room was good as ususal with an atrium view and the wonderful remodel they have done in the casino is great. The staff was very helpful and friendly. We couldn't ask for a better stay and get away. Will return again on our next trip to Las Vegas.	
Jan 10 2009 	Best Off Strip Hotel	We booked online directly through the hotel website almost 4 months previous for a 5 night stay through New Year of 09. The rate dropped almost $200 online about 1 week before arrival, so we called the reservations number and they adjusted it no questions asked. The checkin was the quickest I have ever seen in Vegas, less than 5 minutes. Got a complimentary upgrade to a Mystic Falls view room with flat panel TV by being $20 nicer to the checkin person. Tips can do wonders in Vegas. The bathroom is very large, and bright, with rounded tub/shower. The rooms were clean and the bed/sheets were very comfortable. Mystic Falls is a neat show to watch. There are plenty of restaurants and the buffet is wonderful. The casino is great....not near as crowded as strip or downtown. They have regular shuttle service to the strip and to downtown, so you never have to worry about driving and parking. We only like to spend 1 or 2 days on the strip anyway. If you like a more laid back type of casino, this is it.	
Nov 3 2008 	Great value nice stay	Stayed the last 3 nights in October at a fantastic rate. I read elsewhere that they might add a $4.50 nightly service fee on but it turned out to be only $1. Considering they provide a free shuttle service to several hotels on the strip and downtown I consider that more than fair. Originally got a great rate through the hotel website, then received a travelocity &quot;sale&quot; email that listed an even better price. Called the hotel directly and they matched the rate after verifying it was available on the web. Ended up paying ~$23.50 a night. I've never stayed in Vegas more cheaply and certainly have had less quality hotels for more than that price. Requested a king size non smoking which I received without a problem. The TV in the room was a maybe a 19 inch tube model which is a little dated but worked fine. Standard room was a good size. Only minor problem with the room was a small amount of peeling wall paper near the shower. The hotel has a &quot;show'&quot; that runs for only a few minutes every couple of hours in the afternoon that is quite loud. It might disturb your sleep or tv viewing but it stops at 10pm so shouldn't be a major problem. I was in an interior room. The exterior rooms probably wouldn't be effected by the noise. The check in and check out were quick. Lobby staff were helpful. I ate a late dinner (3am) at the steak house where the food and service were both excellent. Elevators were prompt. They have alcohol hand sanitizers near the main elevators and in the gaming areas which is a nice touch. The bowling alley was well lit and clean. Didn't go the the theaters. Nice variety of restaurants from ultra cheap mcdonalds to the steak house with a lot of selection between. The shuttle was a huge bus actually. Ran on time and was clean. The pickup location is not clearly marked however and I missed the first bus because I was looking in the wrong spot. The hotel is located near a number of major roads and has a number of city buses that service the area if you need to travel around on the ultra cheap. There is also a walmart just across the road. I only played roulette and poker in the casino so can't speak for the other areas, but the dealers were friendly. The poker room currently has two tournaments a night at 7 and 11pm I think. One night there weren't enough players for the second game so it was canceled. I believe there's a morning tournament also. Buy ins are very cheap. Had a lot of fun playing in the tournaments. Everyone is very friendly and was on a first name basis with a number of people after a few hours. Had a good time will consider staying there again.	
Oct 30 2008 	Great Value	I stayed here for 5 nights in late October, part of my 2 week vacation in Vegas. I needed a cheap place to stay so tried here the first time. Rooms were around $25/night, fri and saturday was around $70, still a good value.I liked the hotel very much, probably the best hotel out of the 3 I stayed at. Rooms were basic and clean. They had 40-inch LCD HD tv, but no HD channels, so picture wasn't the greatest. i was able to hook up my laptop to it though with a HDMI cable. The only real negative I can think of is they don't have any room service-- but the week I was there a Fridays Resturant just opened up in the casino with a take out counter so if you like eating in the room they came in handy. The elevators were fast and maid service was good. There's also a Walmart Supercenter right across the street which was handy. It is a few easy miles from the strip (just drive straight down Flamingo), but if you don't have a car they had shuttle buses out back that went downtown and to the strip.	
Oct 26 2008 	Very nice - tremendous value	Played and ate at Sam's Town often but never stayed there until now. Got a great ($25) rate on-line (better than casino rate) for a Thursday night. Room (879) with king bed was perfectly adequate. Not as fancy as Caesars Palace but not as much of a let down as we might have expected. Very basic, clean room. Bathroom had tub/shower and sink/vanity in same room so mirror fogged up extremely bad after shower...an electric mirror defogger would have worked wonders.Bed was standard hotel type and a bit firm for our taste but when you don't go to bed until 3am it does not matter. View was south down Boulder Hwy so even number rooms face the atrium. LCD TV but the old style amoire TV cabinet was still in the room...they put the ice bucket and plastic cups where the TV used to be. The room was clean and the temp controls worked great. We've paid a lot more for far worse accomodations.One big contrast we noted at Sam's Town in general from places on the Strip is the lack of newbie first time Vegas visitors. The people at Sam's Town knew what they were doing and were obviously regulars. The slots were fare more friendly than on the Strip and we accumulated enough points to probably have had the room entirely comped had it not been booked (and paid for) on-line. We ate at Billy Bob's Steakhouse (really good) and at the buffet for breakfast (a classic bargain)...see seperate reviews. All around Sam's Town is a great value unlike the huge rip-offs on the Strip...example the $5.49 breakfast buffet was every bit as good as the $15,99 buffet at Caesars Palace.One downside....taxi to airport is more expensive than from Strip. If just staying at Sam's it might be worth renting a cheap car. Plenty of parking. Make sure taxi to airport takes Nellis to Tropicana to Paradise...much faster/shorter than Flamingo.I think we have found our new Las Vegas &quot;casino home&quot; for when work is not paying for staying at Caesars.	
Oct 22 2008 	Wonderful value	Way better than we expected---what value---resort has everything	
Sep 22 2008 	Nice Lots To Do Not Extra-ordinary	We stayed at Sam's Town because of my boyfriend's bowling league sweeps. I've never been a fan Vegas - I don't get the whole too much drinking and too much smoking all the while throwing one's money away. Not my idea of fun, but I understand other's have a great time of it.Sam's Town is about 7 to 9 miles away from the strip/downtown. That suited us on such a quick weekend trip. Plus, the casino is less crowded. However, Sam's Town does offer free shuttles between its casino and several sites along the strip and dowtown, which is nice for those who either do not have cars or do not wish to drive. Our room was nothing terribly special, but it was clean and comfortable. It is almost time for the bed to be changed (it's a little old and soft), but we managed to have a couple of good night's sleep so it was serviceable. Plenty of clean towels, clean carpeting, and everything was dusted. We didn't have the 42&quot; plasma TV spoken of in another review, but the TV worked just fine and was standard hotel fare.There are several restaurants in the casino. We managed to eat at Billy Bob's Steak House, which had large portions but was rather expensive for what was received and the service given. Unless a very special event, I would skip this. We did eat at the buffet for breakfast and dinner, and thought it did quite well, although we were more impressed by breakfast with lots of choices. Dinner was okay, but when it came to dessert, some of them were leftover for quite some time and had gotten a littel &quot;crispy.&quot; Mystic Falls in the center atrium is a relaxing parklike place to walk through or sit and relax. It is covered and air-conditioned, yet it feels like one is outdoors. There is a light and water show that gets a little loud, but is pleasing to watch - once. If kids are in tow, they might enjoy this.The bowling alley (a place we spent quite a bit of time, actually) was quite nice. One of the better places we have bowled. The lanes are nicely set up and feel comfortable. Hey, I bowled a 189! But seriously, this offers a nice respite from the typical Vegas scene and allows one to get a little exercise as well!The casino is, well, a casino. I stayed away from the tables, as the table minimums appeared rather high to me. But then, the last time I was in Vegas was 1991 (hey, I don't &quot;do&quot; Vegas, what can I say??), and these might be normal. The minimums were $5, $10, and $25. More than my budget allows. I stuck with the machines, which bore me after about an hour, and lost more than I won. (which is typical for me) My boyfriend played the penny slots and did quite well, though. My major beef with the casino (and this true of any casino anywhere in Nevada) is the smoke. I am a non-smoker, and smoke gives me a headache after a while. Even sitting in the &quot;non-smoking&quot; areas (which are right in the middle of the smoking areas - makes sense?) doesn't help, plus there are limited machines. There is a second floor casino, and this was a little better, only because there were fewer people up there so less smoke. So, all in all, if you are looking for a less crowded, comfortable, clean Vegas experience with access to the Strip and downtown, Sam's Town might just fit the bill. It is huge (I kept getting lost), but there really is a lot to keep one occupied. However, if one has difficulty with cigarette/cigar smoke, then perhaps a casino vacation/getaway is not what you want to do.	
Sep 13 2008 	Sam's Town a great place to stay	I stayed at Sam's Town 7-12 September 2008 and had a wonderful time. The staff were outstanding and they really helped when I had requested a smoking room and ended up getting a non smoking room. They had a different room ready for me on the next day.The hotel/casino is huge!! The entire complex takes up at least one entire city block including the RV park. Not only do you have the casino, Sam's also has a bowling alley, 4 resturants, a McDonalds, Duncan Donuts, a movie theater, and of course the atrium. Rooms are nice and both of the ones I had included a 42 inch plasma display. Maid service was done before 11AM which was nice. The free shuttle service takes you to down town and the strip. If you use this combined with the other free shuttles, you won't be spending a dime on cab fares during your stay. Except for going to and from the airport.Nice rooms, free shuttles, great service, at a low price. Sam's will be getting my business in the future.	
Sep 6 2008 	Great experience at Sam's Town	Staying at Sam's Town for 4 days in August was a great experience for my wife and I.Check in was prompt and efficient, the staff were friendly and helpful, the room was clean and well sized and had all the facilities we needed, and the location off the Strip was to our liking.There is plenty to do on site with the casino action, bowling alley and movie theatre. The free shuttle bus allowed us to take multiple trips into the Strip and to downtown. This provides a later return to the hotel (approx 11pm) from downtown, allowing us to visit the Fremont St experience.The multiple food outlets cater for all tastes, and thus we ate breakfast and dinner on site every day. There is a Walmart located across the street for groceries and general shopping, and there are also other fast food places nearby.There is also a very good laundry located in the adjacent Sam's Town RV park. If you are not driving, the cab fare from the airport is approximately $30.	
Aug 22 2008 	Inexpensive Vegas getaway	I went to the Sam's Town because I wanted a bit of Vegas without the whole downtown crowds and chaos. This was the perfect hotel for what I needed. The rooms were nice, clean and for Vegas on the weekend, relatively inexpensive (80$) a night. It is very nice, relaxing environment, with a huge indoor waterfall and park like atmosphere.The pool is a bit small but everyone out there was having a great time,.They offer lots of places to eat inside the hotel as well as a movie theater, a bowling alley and video arcade, so to me this was one of the more family friendly places to stay. i did eat at the buffet and it was probably not worth the wait, but the cafe was great and the bartenders all great. i would go back and do it again.	
Jul 26 2008 	A cheap alternative!	Sam's Town offers the best of both worlds - a quiet room away from the strip and a shuttle which takes you to the heart of the action!I received a mailer offering our group a $30/night stay along with a funbook. At that price, one might expect a hotel that looks like Motel 6 or Super 8. However, I think that Sam's Town far exceeds expectations considering the price.They have their own bowling alley which is open 24 hours (it's cheaper if you play during non-peak hours), a movie theater playing the recent releases, your typical buffet, cafe, and fast food restaurants inside the hotel. My favorite restaurant is Willie and Jose's Cantina. Yum-O mexican food at reasonable prices!The shuttle service is dependable and efficient. As long as you try to plan your day around the pick-up times it is a very convenient service.If you are a young couple or a young group of people, Sam's Town may not be for you. This isn't your kind of place if you're looking for the hot table action and clubs. With that aside, I'd highly encourage you to visit Sam's Town...at $30 a night, you can't go wrong!!	
Jul 25 2008 	Great place to stay off the strip!	We had a very nice stay at Sam's Town. This was our first trip to Vegas and we were a little unsure what to expect but found it a very easy city to get around in and we had no problems finding Sam's Town. We stayed 2 nights here, then went on to Utah before coming back and spending our last night here again. We enjoyed being able to get away from the hustle and bustle of the strip and there was plenty to do at Sam's Town. The light and water show was nice to watch in the evenings. There are stores here also that were nice to shop in, no crowds and very convenient. We loved the Fireside Cafe that offered a breakfast buffet for $6.00 and I believe the dinner time one was $10. Lots of fantastic food for a very reasonable price. While I had read a couple reviews concerning the smell of cigarette smoke, we didn't notice any at all. We were there midweek so not a big crowd but as non smokers we expected to smell it a bit but couldn't detect any at all. We did of course ask for a non smoking room and stayed on the 3rd floor our first stay and the 4th floor the second time. The valet parking made things very easy and convenient for us. Just pull in front of the door and unload and your done. Same when you are ready to check out or to go downtown, hardly any wait time and very pleasant attendants. I plan to stay here again when we return to Vegas, we got our rooms at a very reasonable price and were very satisfied.	
Jul 22 2008 	Would not return!!!	We had heard all great stuff about Sam's Town but for our stay there nothing went right. We decided to stay a few days on the strip then move to Sam's town for a change of pace. We booked through Expedia and had requested a smoking room and yes i know that this is not a guarantee-but this is Vegas-didn't think this would be problem here -anyways there was no smoking rooms available when we checked in which was 4 pm and the earliest we could have checked in was 3 pm so the front desk staff (Vic) was very nice and said to call down to the front desk in the morning and request to be moved to a smoking room. We thought no problem we are very easy going people. To go and have a smoke was quite the ordeal since we were on the seventh floor and had to go all the way to the casino whenever we wanted to smoke-no balconies or smoking in the halls allowed. When we called down in the morning we were told that they might be about to move us at around 2 pm to a smoking room if we stayed and waited around until then-if we weren't there at that time they couldn't hold the room for us-We were absolutely not waiting all day in the hotel to maybe get a smoking room!! I talked to the manager finally and was told we had to move all our luggage out of the room and could keep it at the front desk so the room could be held for us because we couldn't occupy two rooms even for a coulple of hours-we stayed here midweek and i'm sure there were vacant rooms but the manger was not willing to help us out with this at all. Finally we decided we couldn't fight with them and get anywhere so was transferred our stuff to another room the rest of our group was staying in and got them to hold on to the smoking room for us because we had plans for the day.They were not helpful or accomadating at all!!!Once one thing goes wrong everything seems to go down hill. The pool is small but open late so we thought that was great until we went there at night and saw all the cockroaches in between the cracks!!! A few I can understand but they were everywhere-even dead ones in the pool!!! The parking is far from the rooms which is not fun after a long night of walking. People were not friendly or having a good time-unlike staying on the strip. The buffet was well priced and fairly decent. Mystic Falls is currently not open-under construction-which was very disappointing and it's a long drive to the strip. All in all I didn't like most of the staff or atmosphere at Sam's Town-would never stay her again	
Jul 12 2008 	About average for Vegas!	It's Vegas...unless you get one of the newer hotels, you'll basically get the same room anywhere. Sam's town is a ways from the strip...which is what we wanted...but there is a free shuttle to the strip. The are constructing a new casino next door, but we didn't have any issues hearing the noise. The rooms are clean, the staff is very nice and the parking is close. If you don't want to stay on the strip, Sam's is as good a place as any and well worth the money!	
Jul 7 2008 	Solidly sub-par	We stayed at Sam's Town for 4th of July week. We were part of a wedding party that was there, and since we'd had good stays at other Boyd's properties in Vegas, we didn't expect any problems. While the rooms were nicer than the average room at that price ($35 for the cheaper days and $115 at its peak for a nonsmoking, king bed), a number of &quot;little things&quot; were overlooked/ignored and really soured our stay. First, when we entered the room, the room itself was clean but there were a number of scuff marks on various points on the walls. These are easy to clean off, so I was disappointed to see them there. Next, there was a stack of linens in the bathroom. Two of the four that were displayed (the bath mat and a hand towel) had large, brown-red stains--I'm not sure if it would have been better or worse to hide them. Luckily, they were taken away the next day. The bathtub was oval-shaped and wretchedly uncomfortable. Looking to my right while soaking, I was able to see--all week--that the toilet cleaning wasn't particularly thorough. There was also no complimentary conditioner or shower cap, though I saw some on the housekeeping carts as they made their rounds. The room itself was fine, but the walls are thin. For half our stay our neighbor fought nightly with a significant other via cell phone, then rose at dawn accompanied by her boom box. It should also be noted that we had more television station variety at the Motel 6 we stayed in on our return journey. Sam's Town had about 15 channels, including 2 CNN feeds, Fox News, 3 internal channels, TNT, TBS, USA, and the local network affiliates. One can argue that there's no need for good cable while staying in a casino, but the slots are ridiculously tight, so I ran out of my admittedly meager gambling budget on day 2. We saw a movie at the theatre on our second night. The projector wasn't in focus. The buffet was affordable, but starch-heavy and bland. Due to our other commitments we didn't try any other restaurants in the hotel. As we were checking out, I looked above my head and noticed that the AC filter was disgusting. That probably explained why our allergies were acting up during our stay. As far as the wedding, the important part is that our friends ended up married, and the atrium balcony was the best site in the casino for a ceremony. The casino-provided flowers were brown at the edges, but no one noticed.	
Jun 20 2008 	Loved it great place loads to do buffet brilliant friendly staff	Always wanted to stay at Sam's, phoned the night before and got great rates, loved it..Actually forgot my capri pants on leaving...silly me, we moved on to Freemont Street, so took the free shuttle back and there they were all neatly packaged, waiting for me, great service, thank you, super place, great rooms, good food and happy slots..	
May 26 2008 	Lots to do in One Location	Great rates with entertainment, meals, and place to sleep all in one place. My 19-year-old daughter and I met my parents here for a family reunion. We only left the hotel/casino to explore the Hoover Dam and Red Rock Park. We had a blast at the bowling alley, which cost $2 per person/game and $2 for shoe rental. The huge hotel courtyard was a plus and very refreshing---you didn't feel like you were in the usual casino hotel that reeks of cigarette smoke. The rooms were nice, but the hallways lacked cleaning---dust bunnies along the edges of the halls, which was quite noticeable. Luckily, we didn't have to spend much time in the halls. We had rooms that faced outward towards the west on the fifth floor---didn't even mind that we weren't overlooking the courtyard. Plenty of food choices within the building---we ate dinner in our rooms from Subway, ate breakfast from McDonald's and Dunkin Donuts. All in all, a good stay!	
May 22 2008 	Great Alternative	Stayed at the Flamingo in a new &quot;Go Room&quot; from May 13th to 17th. On the 17th, we moved to Sams Town. We had two comped rooms there and the third night was $85.00. Before checking out, we contacted a casino host and got that night comped also. I found Sam's to be a great alternative to the craziness of the Strip. The employees are extremely courteous and helpful. We lost our shirts on the Strip, but could do nothing but win at Sam's. The slots were very loose! Our room was on the 6th floor, and you could choose to look down into the lobby, which has an amazing laser show in the evening, or you could opt for an outside view. The bedroom was very comfortable and the bathroom very clean. There are an array of eating places...from MacDonalds, Dunkin Donuts, Delis, Panda Express, Sbarros, and of course, buffets and restaurants. We had a $4.99 steak and eggs breakfast at the Fresh Harvest Cafe every morning (other choices also for $4.99), and it was fantastic.Also, a movie theater, bowling alley, and arcade on premises. This would be good if you are traveling with kids. The buffet was Excellent!!! I would go back again....the casino is two floors and HUGE!	
May 6 2008	Good time again!	We booked into Sam's Town from April 27th to May 2nd. The check in went off without a hitch. We were upgraded to an interior room without even asking. The room had a great view of the waterfalls and the show that took place each day. We ate in the buffet a few times, breakfast was the best. We also ate at the cafe and you really should try their steak and eggs or ham and eggs, you can't beat the price. The gambling was as expected, let's just say that the Las Vegas lights are burning a little brighter as a result of us being there. The casino didn't take our money quickly, they let us have a lot of entertainment prior to taking it. My daughter got hooked on bingo while there, she said it was great fun watching the &quot;oldsters&quot; try to win. All in all, a great trip. We will return again next year. Where else can you get a reasonable room, good entertainment, good food and a friendly atmosphere. The strip is too crowded and too fast paced, this place was laid back and relaxing.	
Apr 18 2008 	I like the hardwood floors	Is it the Ritz? No....but the price is right!!! I just love Vegas and Sam's Town has a very clean casino.I like a smaller casino and not the huge mega ones. I also like staying out on Blouder Hwy.	
Apr 8 2008 	Just ok	We stayed here for 2 nights during our spring break prior to going to the Grand Canyon. This hotel is a good little drive off the strip (15-20 minutes or so depending on traffic). The lobby and casino areas (that you have to walk through to get in and out) were extremely smoke filled. Now, I will have to say that the rooms were good size and clean. We upgraded to an atrium view for $10 more per night. We were not in our room much due to our short stay. We spent most of our time on the strip exploring Vegas. With that being said, we would probally not stay here again in the very small chance that we ever came to Vegas again. We would choose a hotel on the strip. Happy travels!!	
Apr 2 2008 	Very comfortable and relaxed	We stayed for 5 nights at the end of March.Check in at 4:30 pm was fast, friendly and uncrowded. It was inside the bright atrium and not in a gambling area. Our room was much quieter than any others we've had at other hotels in Vegas. Very clean throughout. They were washing all the carpets on a floor below us.The pillows were slightly better than at the Orleans but I brought my own just in case. The bed was the same. Too hard for me but everyone else liked them. We had a long counter by the window that was perfect for the microwave we always bring along. We had a very soft easy chair and the chair by the table was also padded nice and soft. Not the usual hard wooden motel chair.Make sure you count the towels and pillows before you leave because the sign says they will charge you for anything that is missing. Like $40 for the bath towel! I was going to use the quick checkout box by the exit but the sign said you have to fill out some unspecified &quot;form&quot;. So I had to go to the front desk instead and checked out there and asked about this &quot;form&quot; but got no reply. This was not a problem since it was not busy and not that far out of my way. I was surprised to be charged only a dollar a day extra (&quot;local phone call charge&quot;) as opposed to the usual $5 or $6 per day the others are charging. We didn't use the phone or anything else that would have been tacked on..If you go to the buffet, get there early and expect to wait to get in. Lunch was always crowded right to the end. Food was OK but the service and food quality would drop off toward the end lunch hours as the workers were more interested in preparing for the dinner menu.This is probably true of other buffets. The wait to get in was always much longer than at the Orleans.I bought many hard-to-find shirts at the huge Shepler's Western Wear store and was delighted to meet Mr Shepler himself, a very friendly soft-spoken old gentleman. If you like western wear THIS is the place to go!Overall, we liked Sam's Town and will return.	
Apr 2 2008 	Everything great - except...	Stayed for 5 nights in 2 adjoining rooms. Stayed with my 80 yr old mom and 3 children. Spent most of the days on the strip and at my sisters hotel (Circus Circus). My kids used the pool and bowling alley daily. Rooms were nice, especially the mini suite we were given without an upcharde . Rooms were good size and over looked the atrium. Service was prompt. Restaurants were ok. This was my 4th stay at this property, but sadly my last.My problem started on the morning of check out when I was packing up. We had 7 suitcases because wehad been traveling before ending in Vegas. One suitcase was missing! This was a medium size case - that was already 1/2 packed with some clothes! Then we discovered my daughters cell phone, my moms' id pouch with her id and my brand new jeans all gone! Security took everything down but told me I was on my own to claim this stuff! I grumbled at the front desk and they waved my hotel fees &quot;for now&quot; until investigation was completed. I'm out at least $400 worth of goods. If you stay at this hotel lock your bags even if in your room! Good thing I put most of the valuables in the room safe.	
Mar 30 2008 	Loved it	My mom and I stayed here March 23rd and 24th. We stayed here because my mom had received two free nights and buffets. On check in, we were given a room with a view over the atrium, no charge. The rooms were very nice and clean. The one thing I did notice is the carpet needs to be vacuumed around the edges. The beds were a little hard.The buffet was fairly good, had breakfast and dinner. They have a movie theater and bowling there.The casino was just ok. We traveled down the Boulder Highway and visited the Sunset and The Fiesta Casinos which we liked much better.The only thing with Sam's Town, it is away from the Strip. If you want to journey beyond Sam's Town, I would rent a car. They have a shuttle bus, not sure where it goes to.I would stay here again, only for free rooms again. It is a nice place but to far away from everything else for me.	
Mar 29 2008 	Incredible Value	I chose this place because we had a car and didn't necessarily need to stay on the strip. We thought it was clean, very large rooms and the staff was nice. The steakhouse was delicious with large portions. I would stay here again if I had a car as it is 2 miles off the strip.	
Mar 2 2008	Great place off the strip	A very nice, cheaper, off the stip, quiet hotel. There is a garden section &amp; waterfalls indoors and places to sit in the evening. Rooms were large, with hair dryers and clothes irons. Our room had a nice view overlooking Vegas, others could be booked looking inwards at the garden for approx $10 a night more. Guests staying at the hotel get half off the American Super Star show in the hotel. I'd recommend seeing that. We also got free tickets up the tower to view Vegas and take pictures. For the really brave, there are rides at the top of the tower which hang over the edgeThe hotel has places to eat from McDonalds to the fancy, plus lots of nightclubs for music and dancing. There is a Walmart across the street where you can get your digital images developed for 19 cents each and they do a nice job. The best thing about this hotel is you can leave your car parked there and use their FREE shuttle to different areas. Pick up a schedule and keep it with you for return times. There is a free shuttle to Fremont street for the light show in the evening. All shuttles leave at the side of the hotel close to garage #2	
Feb 28 2008	A Great Value	This is my second stay at Sam's Town. Overall, I love the place. The restaurants are good, the atmosphere is relaxed, and the people are quite friendly. The casino itself is a bit smoky and the rooms are perfectly adequate, though not luxurious. The crowd tends to be older...20-somethings might prefer something a bit rowdier.I will not hesitate to stay here in the future.	
Feb 13 2008 	Great Hotel but Casino is not as good as in the past.	We visited Las Vegas February 3-7 and stayed at Sam's Town. For the past six years, we have been staying at the hotel when we visit Las Vegas. We love the hotel. The atrium has a nice relaxing atmosphere. They have a good selection of restaurants. The rooms are clean and reasonably priced. Also, they have a nice movie theater and bowling alley. They offer shuttle service to the strip and downtown Las Vegas. In the past I have always given Sam's Town 5 stars. I would still give the hotel the same rating, but their casino is not the same as it used to be. They recently renovated their Sports Betting Room. It is beautiful now. Unfortunately, in doing so, they have raised the limit on their table games. Also, the slots are very tight. I guess they had to do this to help pay for the renovations. If you want a nice hotel that is reasonably priced, this is a good place to stay. If you want to gamble, you may want to take the shuttle to the strip. Note: I booked my room through the Sam's Town Reservation Department. I gave them my credit card, but they didn't charge my card for the deposit on the room. I arrived on a day that the hotel was almost sold out. When I arrived, I was told they had cancelled my room because I had not paid a deposit. Luckily they had one room left. From now on I will call to confirm my room a few days ahead of time.	
Jan 2 2008	Don't ever be sick when staying at Sam's Town	My friend and I decided to book a room at Sam's Town rather than the Strip during our last visit, and we had not rented a car because Sam's Town had a bus that would take us to the Strip if we wanted to go there. Unfortunately, during our stay, I became ill with some sort of virus (took me 2 weeks to recover from whatever it was). I couldn't quantify an emergency department visit (which would have required calling for an ambulance) so my friend called the front desk around 3:00am to find out of there was an urgicare center nearby or if the hotel had the name of a physician they could refer sick guests to. The desk clerk was of no help whatsoever. This is the first time I've ever been sick while I was out of town and it was frustrating that absolutely no assistance/referral was offered or suggested. Therefore, out of town travelers beware -- you're MUCH better off staying on the Strip. A traveler-friendly hotel would have been able to assist us with, at a minimum, some information or numbers to call. I can guarantee you that we'll NEVER stay there again. Service is VERY important to me and they were absolutely useless.	
Dec 26 2007	very festive	Excellent stay again and this is the 1st time we have been around the holidays. The entire indoor park/atrium was done up with lights, decorations and a holiday themed show instead of the usual laser/water show that they do. Add that to the usual great service, price and amenities and the overall value and experience would be hard to beat.	
Nov 30 2007 	same time next year sam's town	Second time in Sam's Town , more impressed than ever. When I checked in asked for atrium view , no problem , for $10 extra per night and it was worth it but I was still surprised it was extra. The room was excellent ,like the Orleans , more of a suite with agret kingsize bed and a couple of comfy armchairs and a roomy bathroom .The casino is big and airy on two levels, the atrium area is brilliant with a bar and a few of the casinos nice restaurants.We ate ate at the Mexican , willy and jose, which was lovelly especially the large margaritas, and we ate at Fellini's which was a real treat , I never knew pasta could be so tasty and washed down with a lovelly pouilly fuisse from the wine list.We took friends for their first time at the Sam's Town and they loved it.We bowled , gambled , drank and ate (a bit of a pattern while in Las Vegas) , but it was all a pleasure at Sam's Town.ps Don't forget to look around Sheplers Western wear on the second floor , my wife never leaves without a pair of cowboy boots , but at their prices who minds.	
Nov 27 2007 	Quiet room and very nice place for the price	I stayed here Oct. 2007. The hotel had one of the quietest rooms I've ever stayed at. You don't hear noises from other rooms including toilets flushing, telephones ringing, people talking, and very seldom a door slamming. The price was $105 a night for the weekend and $55 a nice for a weekday. That is half the price of the hotels on the strip. It was a quiet area of town and it was an easy drive to the strip. After parking in the ramp, it was a little confusing trying to find the front desk. The signs weren't real clear. The room was clean and comfortable. The only thing my companion wanted in her room was a coffee maker. It was nice to have a choice of many places to eat at the hotel and it was a short walk to various stores. There is a movie theater and bowling alley on the property which is convenient. The pool is nice but it ended up in the shade pretty early in the afternoon. I would definitely stay here again. If you want to avoid the congestion and the high price hotel rooms on the strip, this is the place to go.	
Nov 5 2007 	Great Place to Stay For Less!!	Great hotel to stay at for less in Las Vegas. This was my first time at this hotel and I had a great experience. I ended up staying for 4 nights at this hotel and the service was great. Parking is close, hotel check-in was a breeze. There are numerous restaurants and a food court if you are in a hurry.Although this hotel does not have the super fancy rooms like some of the other expensive hotels. The room was clean, the mattress was comfortable. The heating and cooling system worked and was very quiet. The bathroom was spacious and clean. Housekeeping was excellent. Overall, my stay was great and the room price was well under the hotels on the strip. They even offer a free shuttle that will take you to some of their other properties or to the strip.	
Oct 23 2007 	Need some renovations	Stayed at Sam's Town from October 5 -12th. The rooms are okay they place was very clean. Just needed some major updates.The rooms are very dark, they need some color. The little food court was very nice and had some very good food at the Panda Expree(if you like chinese food). They also have a little snack shop in the back of the casino that has great soup(s) and sandwiches.The major drawback is the price of the rooms, for it to be such a old hotel they want to much for the rooms. Since I come there and play a lot my rate was $35.00 for the week which is not bad. But $85.00 for the weekend to me is just not worth it.I still would stay there again since it is close to other food places, casinos and stores. Right down the street is a all night Super WalMart.	
Oct 19 2007	new home in vegas....	i hit the jackpot at sams town.....reasons why...staff was friendly and helpful and made you feel welcome. room was almost new and roomy and whata price 105 for a weekend. good slots and poker machines won a couple times. great buffett had seafood buffett for 18 bucks one of the best meals i had the whole trip.(even had sushi which wasa plus) my mother was with so one night she didnt want to go out with us so she went to the movies has a nice newe theater has a lounge with bands and cheap drinks very cool to hang out the atrium bar was my favorite cheap good strong drinks, friendly bartendere, over looks water show, and won 65 at the bar poker machine they have a coffee house very good and not starbucks prices i only have one complaint if u wanna geta tan dont look for it here, the way they built the building and put the pool its shadded all day long nice pool and hot tub and has swings and tons of room and a pool bar which is also cheap but i like to lay out so that sucked. but i will be a frequent traveler at sams town give it 9out of 10...--------------------------------------------------------------------------------See what's new at AOL.com and Make AOL Your Homepage.	
Oct 16 2007 	Lots of fun for the whole family.	We booked two rooms here for family. Our group included 4 adults, a tween and a toddler. We were able to get two adjoining rooms.The best part about this hotel is that there is something for everyone. In the center of the hotel is a large atrium with trees, benches, and shops/food court. In the evening there is a laser light show that both kids LOVED! There is a nice outdoor pool and an arcade for the kids-- as well as a bowling alley and a movie theater. In addition, there is great buffet restaurant that is quite reasonable. We could have stayed in the hotel the entire time and had fun.The hotel is a VERY easy 8 to 10 minute drive to the strip.The rooms are nicely appointed and reasonably comfortable. They do not have a coffeemaker (ugh), microwave or fridge. You can (as we did) request a fridge, however, at no charge. The air conditioning was not very cold -- and this was an issue a few times for me.Overall, this was a great place to stay -- and especially family friendly for Vegas. Weekdays are VERY reasonably priced, too. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this place to anyone.	
Oct 5 2007 	Not Bad But Hotel Policies on Rates are Confusing	Although the rooms are great, the hotel will charge a rate according to availability and do not explain this well but management insists they do. Also your card number is not taken to hold a room they will process it through for the first night this was not explained. Employees parking takes priiority over patrons so the walk with bags can be long Stretch	
Oct 4 2007	o.k. place	I stayed at this hotel and did enjoy it . The price was right at $49 per night. It was nice to be off the strip. The room was standard issue. Nice and clean but very basic. Who's going to complain with a rate like this. We Upgraded to an atrium view +$10 The atrium is very nice. If you dont upgrade you will have a view of the parkade. Breakfast in the morning at the buffet was very good. And super cheap if you are a Sams club member. Overall a low key resort and a very nice change from the strip. I find the strip a little bit over the top these days. Way too many people. So little room. Not to mention the traffic. I only thing I didn't like about this hotel was the super small pool. If your not a pool freak like me it will do you just fine.	
Sep 29 2007 	Good Time	We liked this place. The rooms were nice, with plenty of room, even though we asked for a king size bed and got a double. We got there early, so we couldn't get to our room right away, but since we were hungry, we just got something to eat while we waited.I wish they would have a coffee maker in the room, but McDonald's took care of that. We ate at the Harvest Cafe a couple of times, had the Belly Bomber, or whatever they call it . Very good, after a long plane trip. We had the Breakfast buffet one day, and that was fine.The shuttles were very prompt, so we took advantage of them. It was a good way to get to the strip and downtown.We would recommend this place.	
Sep 11 2007 	2 nights @ Sam's Town	The hotel is about 15 minutes East on Flamingo Rd from the Strip - during off peak commute traffic times.Easy walking distance form the parking garage to the room elevators on the 2nd floor which avoids the casino floor.Rooms are not next to the elevators but in short walking distance.Check in desk is in the atrium garden. My room was on the 4th floor not far from the elevator. Window view was of the roof of the casino bldg. Room view of the atrium is about $10 more. Summer months avoid rooms facing the South or you'll keep the AC on all the time. Room was very clean and well kept, King bed very comfortable (I fell asleep just as sat on the bedspread) , two comfy plush sitting chairs and small table, desk had another comfy chair, standard size armoire w/TV - there was enough drawers there and in the two night stands. Ironing board &amp; iron. Standard bathroom w/ basic amenities, hairdryer, and lots of towels. Great email deal for only $26.99 / night - always sigh up for the slot cards &amp; online email list at every casino hotel you goto. I ate mostly at the food court restaurants and snacks I always get before I arrive at the stores along the way, especially packs of water during this time of year. Slot play lasted a long time, they have a good mixture of reel &amp; video slots - new &amp; old.Over all a very nice stay at Sam's Town. This is a placeI'll stay again on my next trip.	
Sep 9 2007 	Great Alternative to staying on the Strip	In May 2007 we decided to fly down to Las Vegas, rent a car and road trip to the Grand Canyon and a few other parks. We had a couple extra days at the end of the trip and returned to Las Vegas on a Saturday. We hadn't booked a hotel ahead of time because we weren't sure which day we would return. The prospect of finding a hotel on a Saturday was starting to seem impossible (or extremely expensive) when we decided to try Sam's Town. Not only did we get a room, but we got an $89 rate on a Saturday night - much less than we could find on strip. The room was decent and clean - Not quite as fancy as some of the strip hotels we've stayed at, but equal or better than the other places we'd stayed on the road trip. Our room had a view of the atrium, but there wasn't any excessive noise. The casino area is large and is split over two floors. The crowd is mainly older - This isn't the most trendy place, but we enjoyed the casual atmosphere. The slots seemed ok and I spent a bit of time in the race book. I noticed the casino was a bit smoky, but not too bad. The breakfast buffet was average and the nighttime show was probably better for kids. Since we had a rental car Sam's Town was a great starting point - The drive over to the strip wasn't far and we were able to park at one of the casinos for the day. There's also a strip shuttle if needed. Since returning I've seen some cheap rates at Sam's town - This place would be great for those looking for casual off strip place to stay or are looking for a cheap room rate.	
Aug 26 2007 	Comfortable low-key resort	I really enjoyed my stay at Sam's. I had never even visited the property before, but I found a great summer deal for rooms at $26.99/night. Couldn't be beat and I have been wanting to stay off-Strip to try something new.I had room 450 with view of the atrium. It was right outside the elevator lobby but it was not noisy at all. Handicapped seat in and handrails in the bathroom shower. I believe it was a smoking room as there were several ashtrays sitting out but it did not smell like smoke and I do not smoke myself. Housekeeping was efficient and left extra soap/shampoo products when requested with a tip. The Mystic Falls atrium is a lovely place to hang out in the afternoon with a coffee or cocktail. Waterfall is very pretty and the animatronic animals were fun. However, I did not care for the several-times-a-night water/laser show. Watching it once is ok, but it gets old after 3 nights with the same music over and over again.Casino was fine with good selection of machines and table games. I had luck at the slots on the 2nd floor. Half of the bingo hall is under construction which made it difficult to get a seat but the workers there were very helpful. Cocktail service was prompt and courteous. I dined at the buffet, the cafe, and Willy &amp; Jose's restaurant. I will leave reviews on their TA pages as well.Shuttle service to Downtown and the Strip was great and FREE. Please tip your driver. They leave on time, every time.Overall I was very pleased and comfortable at Sam's. I would stay again since the prices are wonderful. It was a nice, relaxed atmosphere away from the hustle and bustle of the Strip. It was like a whole different vacation.	
Aug 24 2007	Excellent! With One Exception!!!	Overall Sam's Town is an Excellent Casino and Hotel. One exceptiion is the buffet which was VERY BAD. The food at the buffet was very dry and greasy and looked like it had been under the heat lamp for hours. Very poor quality food. Otherwise Sam's Town was GREAT!!!!	
Aug 12 2007 	Good hotel but underperforming staff	Good hotel, but underperforming staff.Check-in at Sam's Town for my family was mundane and not energizing as one would think when visiting Las Vegas. The front desk staff appeared distracted and somewhat unattentive and weren't much interested in my questions about activities, restaurants, casino comps, etc. After check-in, another staff member was condescendent in telling us to remove our teenagers from the casino gambler's club registration. Our kids were simply in line with their parents for registration, and were not gambling, yet we were rudely told that they couldn't stay there. So, in the first ten minutes on arriving at this hotel, we didn't get a very good impression of the place. In my opinion, the hotel's management needs to take a serious look into their employees' customer service relations and their sensitivity to their paying customers. A little courtesy ---- even a smiling face --- goes a very long way.However, overall, the hotel was very clean, updated, the beds were comfortable, and we got a superb rate. It has a multi-plex theatre (our teenagers love movies). Another perk is this hotel has a shuttle that routinely takes you to several strip hotels where you can walk the strip. Bottom line: Stay here if want a very inexpensive, clean room.Don't stay here if you're expecting to be treated nicely.	
Aug 4 2007 	great stay	We stayed at Sam's Town from july 31 - august 3 and were not dissappointed. It was a great.  All I usually look for in a room when on vacation is something that is clean and comfortable since it's only there to be slept in wash up before going back out. The room at Sam's Town was perfect for this. Nothing flashy but it was clean and everything had been recently updated. We arrived late for our first night and had to stay in a smoking room (it wasn't too bad though) but were able to switch the next day without a problem.  We ate at the buffet twice, once for breakfast and once for lunch. Basically you get what you pay for. I'm not a picky eater, but the food wasn't that great. It's tough to beat the price though at $5 (breakfast) and $7 (lunch) and we were able to easily find enough that we liked. There is so much competition, choice, and coupons for other places that next time i probably wont eat at Sam's buffet at all. We also tried out the mexican restaurant which was very good.  Shuttle service was always prompt and friendly. My only complaint is that I wish that it continued later into the night/morning. The last trip back to the hotel is at about 10:30pm so we had to cab back to the hotel (~$20 per trip). not a big deal though. overall a very good experience. it was much cheaper for us than staying on the strip, a little far from everything but Sam's Town offers enough that we would have no problem staying there again.	
Jul 30 2007	An oasis in crazy Vegas	We got to Vegas on Tuesday, July 24 and had a room booked at Sam's for three nights. It is a bit of a drive from the strip, but we enjoyed Sam's so much that we hardly even went to the strip! We had a second-floor room overlooking the park, and really enjoyed just sitting in our easy chairs reading and enjoying the sunlight filtering into the forest-like atrium. You can also sit down in the park itself and enjoy a cup of coffee or a glass of wine. The &quot;show&quot; would have been better if they'd kept with the nature theme and created artificial thunder and lightning or something instead of the multicolored laser lights, which didn't seem to fit with the forest creatures.We got an amazing rate (26.99/night) by checking promotion codes online. It would've been worth three or four times that amount. Every employee we encountered was really nice and friendly. Rooms were lovely and clean, and housekeeping is really on top of things both in the rooms and in the halls and everyplace else. Just downstairs from our room were McDonald's, Panda Express, and one or two other fast food places, though unfortunately they were not open late at night when we got back from seeing a show. There were very few TV channels available. Buffet was nice, but we drove down to Terrible's buffet several times, because we had 2-for-1 coupons we printed online... Sam's might want to think about offering the same coupons to keep people in-house, since people staying at both Sam's and Terrible's tend to be budget-conscious and Terrible's does have the advantage of being close to the strip. A few more shops and shows would be nice, as well, and then we'd have no reason to go anywhere else!Thanks again, Sam's, for a relaxing time in Vegas... how rare is THAT? We really enjoyed ourselves.	
Jul 23 2007 	Our favorite place to stay in Vegas	We have stayed at several hotels along the strip but the last 3 times we have been to Las Vegas we have stayed at Sams Town. Within the last couple years all the rooms have been updated and they are really very nice. The rooms are very clean and nice and big. The bathrooms are also very nice. We love the atrium and the laser/water show is pretty cool. We have always received exceptional service. The prices also seem to be very reasonable.Last time we stayed we were actually driving to So Cal and just stayed in Vegas for the night to break up the drive. In that case, Sams Town did not end up being the most convenient because it isn't really that close to the freeway. In the future when we are just driving through I think we will pick somewhere a little more convenient to the freeway. But when Vegas is our final destination we will definately be staying at Sam Town.	
Jul 8 2007	Perfect in every way	From the moment we pulled up to valet parking to the moment we first walked into the atrium we were so impressed by the friendliness of the staff and the look of the hotel! The park is just beautiful and peacful and the laser show was very nice and entertaining. Our room was great with a view below of the park and show. The room was clean and a nice touch to have two nice comfortable chairs to sit in. My only complaint would be the small TV, But then again our first night was at the South Point that had a 42' plasma.The restaurants were excellent that we tried and being from the huge Hispanic population of Central California the &quot;Jose &amp; Willys&quot; was BY FAR the best Mexican Restaurant we have ever ate at!!!! Try the Garlic/Orange juice chicken dish OH MY GOSH!!! The buffet was an excellent deal as was the coffee shop. We bowled and saw a movie at the very nice movie Theatre at Sam's.Bowling was a great deal and cheaper then anything in my town by at least 50%...I thought the Ice Cream shop was just a tad overpriced and could have used extra staff (Just one person) in the evening. Also the hotel has a food court which was great and fast in the early morning on our way to baseball events for my nephew.We used the pool just once and the hot tub was great, Pool was not too crowded and we had lot's of fun.We were at Sam's for 5 nights and had a GREAT DEAL! We were so impressed that we came back to California and told everyone about the best kept secret in Las Vegas!! I had better mention that the hotel is about 6 miles from the strip and a car is pretty much needed (WE did not use the shuttle) But traffic at all times of the day and night was never bad and took maybe 15 minutes tops to get to the strip or UNLV.	
Jun 22 2007	Great Hotel	I stayed at Sam's Town with a friend for two nights in June. What a pleasant surprise. The hotel was wonderful. Clean, steamy hot showers, comfortable rooms. The shuttle service was excellent. Right on time...all the time. We ate in the Fireside Buffet for breakfast and dinner. Dinner was just o.k. Breakfast was the best. The selection was fabulous. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. We are going to be returning in Sept and will surely stay at Sam's Town.	
Jun 16 2007 	Like lukewarm water?	I had looked forward to this for 6 months only to be assigned a non-smoking room with lukewarm shower water, in a smokey hallway next to a noisy ice machine!! My daughter and I had made our reservations on the same day over the phone directly with the motel and had checked 3times to insure that they understood that we needed rooms close together. Each time we were assured that this request had been entered and would be honored in the best way they could. Upon arrival, we were told that there was no notation at all indicating this!! We were given different rooms the second day which meant we had to move all our luggage--and piddle around all day waiting for the room to be ready. When we had to check out early to return home, my daughter discovered that her bill had not been credited with the deposit that had been taken out of her bank upon making the reservations eventhough we had voiced concern when we checked in.&quot;Oh, that often doesn't show up on bills until you check out&quot;. yeah right!! Oh, and the poker tourney has the appearance of being borderline crooked--when the dealers know the locals all by name and playing preferences, a true vacationer wanting to play poker should just march to the restroom where the lukewarm shower is and flush that entry fee! The mojitos are amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
May 22 2007 	Cheap but may not be worth it...	Sam's Town is where the locals go...the older ones. The rooms are nice and cheap. It's kind of cheesy, but quaint. They have a small staff, so our group event didn't work out too smoothly. The drinks are a ton cheaper than at the Strip, so it's a great way to start off the night before you hit the Strip. They have free shuttles to the Strip, but the last one is at 10:30pm. Otherwise, it's a $20 cab ride from anywhere - airport, the Strip, Fremont Street. Stay away from the Italian restaurant (Fellini's) and make sure to stop by Billy Bob's, but don't order too much since the portions are HUGE and there are no refridgerators in the rooms. Take advantage of coupons for joining the casino member rewards program (we got a $10 free slot play on the Southwest Airlines magazine on the way over that won us $40). It's a nice place to retreat to at the end of the night...uh, morning... and if you need anything, Walmart and Walgreens are in walking distance.	
May 19 2007 	Wonderful off-strip casino and hotel	We also stayed at Sam's Town at the same time as Intercessor (see post above). I believe we met her and her husband in the pool area!Our experience was wonderful at Sam's Town as well. We were first-timers to Las Vegas and wanted to get our feet wet by staying off strip for the first few days. What a great choice! We had rented a car, so getting there was no problem for us. You will need a car to get there or plan on a hefty taxi fare from the airport. I believe they have a shuttle that runs from the hotel to the airport, but we didn't check into that. Check in was a breeze and everyone at the front desk was very helpful with directions, supplying maps, and answering any questions we had about the area. I asked if there was a complimentary upgrade available. I was offered an atrium view room with two queens. We elected to keep our original room with the king bed and view of the mountains...which actually was a view of the parking ramp and a mountain in the distance, but we appreciated the offer and didn't spend that much time in the room anyway! We had a king bedroom which was very basic, very clean. It had two clubs chairs which reminded us of home. Comfy and inviting after a long day seeing the sights. Large bathroom. Lots of counter space and lots of hot water and good pressure in the shower.No coffee pot but plenty of coffee available in the many restaurants on-site.We took advantage of the shuttle system Sam's Town runs to the strip and the Fremont Experience. Both our drivers were the greatest, amusing us with stories or answering our many questions about the area. One was a retired firefighter (an occupation close to our hearts), so we enjoyed our conversations with him. Shuttles ran exactly as scheduled, contrary to the experiences some have reported here on TA.We ate at the Firelight Buffet for breakfast each day. It cost $4.99 per person with a player's card and was great. You can check out my pending review of that also on TA. We did eat dinner there one night. Great selection and we received a ticket for a glass of wine or beer which was included in the price of the meal. We don't play table games, so I can't comment on those. We don't gamble big at all, so my experience with the slots is limited. Having practiced my Jacks or Better for months, I was very disappointed to find only one low denom 8/5 machine, no low denom 9/6 machines at all. I found a couple in the $5 a pull range, but that was too rich for me! Casino was nicely laid out, somewhat smokey in areas, but in others I could hardly smell the smoke. No sickening piped-in perfume scent that some of strip casinos use (thank goodness).Pool area was much nicer than website makes it look. It was a nice-sized pool with whirlpool. It's enclosed to give a more secluded feel to it. They have new cabanas for use. We hardly ever had anyone in the pool with us - very quiet and relaxing space.We can recommend Sam's Town to anyone looking for an off-strip experience in Las Vegas. We thought it was an excellent value for the money.	
May 13 2007 	Breathtaking	My husband and I took our vacation time at Sam's Town. It was our anniversay. Our experience was wonderful and the staff did everything in their power to fulfill our request.When I arrived, I was amazed at the beauty of their atrium. The birds and the sound of the rushing water took my breath away.While I was there, I had my hair cut at their salon, Jon Ric. Liz is a true artist and I highly recommend her to anyone who wants a change in their appearance.Very few things that I didn't care for, such as the Harvest Resturant. But inspite of that experience, we were very blessed to take our time off at Sam's Town.Sam's Town has parking for large vehicles, so it was a blessing to us who make their living on the road.We higly recommend Sam's Town if you are contemplating a get away in Las Vegas.	
Apr 24 2007 	execent room and check in	I have just returned from from a weeks stay at sams town casino hotel in las vegas.The hotel has been just been renovated and the rooms are excelent. I had king non-smoking room on the sixth floor.The room had all new furniture,carpeting,paint,wallpaper,as well as a new bath tub,toilet,vanity,and tile floor.Early check in took about five minutes and check out was done in the room.	
Apr 6 2007 	Now even better!	We have just returned from Sam's Town, our 2nd visit this year and while I don't normally write reviews I just had to set the record straight. We have been regular visitors to Vegas for the last 15 years and having moved around different hotels once we found Sam's Town we have never looked anywhere else. Reading through some reviews of this hotel the common theme seems to be a general criticism of the Firelight Buffet. Well I could generally agree, that is until now, WOW! what an improvement, I said to my wife I could not believe how good it was and we ate there 5 times in an 8 night stay. On our last day while queing for the brunch buffet we noticed a new sign being erected, Sam's Town Firelight Buffet just awarded best buffet in Vegas, Wholly justified. Great rooms, great slots and great staff. The best value in Vegas.	
Mar 3 2007	Pretty good with the right expectation	I was staying here for work, so they foot the bill at a corporate discount, so I can't say much about the price. Overall, I thought it was pretty nice for being off the strip. Huge atrium-style. If you want lots of gambling and a bunch of restaurants, but don't want to deal with the strip, this is the place for you.FOOD: Fast food: McDonalds, Panda ExpressSit-down:Breakfast buffet was, as others mentioned, great. The italian restaurant was also great.The mexican place was good, but a bit bland - get some extra sauces if you want to spice things up.I didn't eat at the other places.ROOMS:Rooms were spacious and the shower/toilet worked fine. Nothing too elegant. Beds were on the cheap side. Covers include 1 sheet and 1of those nasty foam-like blankets, then the comforter. I would never let near my face near one of those... (at any hotel). INTERNET:Wireless Internet was $10/day, with multi-day packages. The signal was sporadic, at best. FITNESS - NONE OTHER ACTIVITIESThe on-site bowling was fun! There is also a laser light / water show called &quot;Sunset Stampede&quot; at 2:00 p.m., 6:00 p.m., 8:00 p.m. and 10:00 p.m. daily. I never made a point to watch it.	
Mar 2 2007	Great hotel away from the strip	My husband and I along with another couple stayed at Sam's Town in March of 2006. I really liked how clean the rooms were and the Atrium is really beautiful. At night there is a laser light show that is pretty cool. The maid service at the hotel is wonderful they were really friendly and didn't mind leaving extra towels. The basement has a really large bowling alley in it that is open I believe all night. I liked the glass elevators looking out into the atrium. The choice of restaurants inside the hotel is wonderful and I found quite a few good deals in the shops on the main floor. I would definitely stay here again as it isn't as busy as the hotels on the strip but still relatively close to the strip.	
Feb 24 2007 	$164 a night - No other rooms in town - Great - Great Breakfast Buffet	It wasn't really a bad stay. It's just that the cost of the room was unjustified as It was the NBA all star weekend. For that price, include a jacuzzi in it. They have a small mini fountain which was cool and I truly loved the breakfast buffet, but the price just made me mad.	
Jan 28 2007 	Excellent hotel again!	I stayed at this hotel once before when attending the CES convention. I came again to Vegas to attend the 2007 CES convention. It impressed me as well this time too. It is about 5 miles from the strip, so a car or shuttle is necessary to get to all of the action. However, it is a straight shot right down Flamingo St. or is it Tropicana St. to the strip?The hotel has very large, modern rooms that are clean and very well kept. There is an atrium lobby where the front desk is, located near a waterfall and some restaurants. The staff is always friendly. The rates are very inexpensive here even at the times of very heavy conventions. When strip hotels were charging $300 plus night during CES, for my stay it was less than $80. I did not try the restaurants this time. The buffet left me underwhelmed the last time I was here. But everything else was fine.It is worth dealing with the distance? Well, if you have a rental car, my answer is &quot;yes&quot;. That is a great property and a bargain. I'll stay here again!	
Jan 8 2007 	Nice place without the glitz	Stayed here for one night in Jan. Was considerably cheaper than any hotel on the Strip (however, you can usually find a last minute deal at lasvegas.com that may be similar). Sam's Town is about 15 minutes from the Strip, give or take, depending on traffic. It is mainly billed as a &quot;locals casino&quot;. The casino is a little dreary and not as lively as some of the biggies on the Strip. The hotel is really nice- a beautiful atrium with a light and laser show, etc. The room was adequate- no major complaints, your basic no-frills. Room was clean, and we had a nice view of the Vegas skyline. If you have a car, then you should consider the different hotels on Boulder Highway like Sam's Town, since it is cheaper, and you can always drive to the Strip.	
Dec 9 2006 	Great for Family	This is a great hotel, about a ten minute taxi ride from the airport. We spent one night here (after a 12 hour flight!) at the start of our holiday &amp; then another 3 nights at the end of our hols.We found check in to be very quick.....The rooms were spacious &amp; clean,&amp; quiet. I recommend the rooms looking into the atrium...for the view and scenic light show twice a day! We had the basic double room which has 2 huge double beds in it. I did see inside one of the suite rooms &amp; it looked amazing, and this was not one of the really posh penthouse ones! We were travelling with 3 teenagers &amp; they loved the hotel...the atrium was a fun place for them to 'hang out' and felt secure. We had several good meals here twice in the family cafe, one mega breakfast buffett, plus there are the usual fast food place for the kids.Parking was secure &amp; plentiful.The swimming pool was of good size and warm.....we had the place to ourselves three times!I cannot really comment on the gambling except to say there was all the usual things going on!We booked this hotel for convenience &amp; price and were pleasantly surprised by the quality...we would not hesitate to return. Close by are several supermarkets / family restaraunts which came in very handy whilst make travelling with a family.	
Dec 1 2006 	Good room great food too far from Strip	Read reviews on trip advisor and decided to book into Sam's Town. For $28/night it was an exceptional deal. We took taxi's instead of using the free shuttle since it took way too long for our short trip. The room was clean and comfortable - nothing special. The food at Willy's and Jose's was excellent and great margaritas. If we drove or had a car we would stay here again, but plan to stay on Strip next time.	
Nov 3 2006 	great buffet	Traveller from UKOct 17-21 2006Good hotel with excellent rates, the buffet was good value for money.In the casino they also show the machines that are paying out the most.	
Oct 21 2006 	Quiet	We had a great time the whole week we were here.Sunday buffet was good. Breastfast on Monday was terrible, didn't do anymore at Sam's, Had a great meal at Jose`&amp; Willey's. Gaming was good! We left winner's.Staff was very good. Room was nice and clean. Liked the slower pace of the place. Wasn't to noisey either. The Laser Light Show was the crowning jewel of our stay. Best Free show in Las Vegas.We'll come back again. In Vegas 2-4 times a year.	
Oct 20 2006 	Nice place	Sams Town had spacious clean and comfortable rooms. The Buffet was good and reasonably priced. The $4.99 breakfast buffet can't be beat, but avoid the Harvest Cafe during peak hours because the service was slow and the wrong food was served. Billy Bob's Steak House was excellent. The Java Hut coffee was only adequate.The Mystic Falls laser show was OK, but far from Bellagio quality.Gambling had good slot odds, but I couldn't win at all at BlackJack and I was playing at many different tables. The only table I was able to hold my own on was the multi deck machine shuffle table near the video roulette wheel.Sheplers on the second floor had excellent prices and selection for western gear, add a star if you are a big John Wayne fan.	
Oct 17 2006 	Mom 	I took my Mom for a week to Las Vegas, just to relax, do some shopping and a bit of gambling. We chose Sam's Town because we'd been there before, but never stayed. We were very pleased with everything; the service, the food, the price and the beautiful room. It's a very clean property, we never saw anything out of place.We highly recommend the buffet, it was classy and had great selection of food, plus had good discounts for seniors and player's card holders. Even though we didn't spend that much gambling, we still received some good prizes for our points: 2 caps, and 2 stainless steel fruit bowls.It was a nice switch to stay on Boulder Highway. There was still the action of gambling, but not the craziness of the strip traffic, crowd etc. We will definitely stay at Sam's Town again next time we're in Vegas.	
Oct 9 2006 	Great value and just what we needed	We stayed at Sam's Town for two nights - one at the beginning and one at the end of our road trip through Utah and Arizona. It was great value for money, and our rooms were extremely comfortable. They were a good size, with lovely views on the mountains, and huge clean bathrooms. We enjoyed the food at the Sunset Grill, trying breakfast, lunch, and dinner there over the course of our two day stay... at all meals the food was nice... not spectacular, but very good for the price. The staff were very helpful.The overall atmosphere is somewhat tacky, but it's all good fun! The average age was definitely senior, but we didn't mind as it was nice an quiet, but I could see how it might not be the best place for a wild trip to Vegas! Overall, it suited our needs perfectly, and we would definitely stay there again if we return to Vegas.	
Sep 21 2006 	Fantastic! Great Quality Great Price.	My wife and I have just returened from a 9 night break in Vegas. We had the pleasure of staying at Sam's for five nights. Total cost was $145 through Hotels Corp. Knowing what I know now, I wouldn't have grudged paying that per night, never mind for the whole stay. Our room was decorated to a high standard and was reasonably spacious. Both the room and corridors were spotless and smelled of new carpet and fresh paint. There was lots of things to do at the hotel, including an eighteen screen cinema and a 56 lane bowling alley. There was lots of places to eat. For convenience there was a McDonalds, Panda Express, Subway and a Pizza take away. The award winning Buffet was excellent. We had breakfast there every morning for only $5 per person. The quality, variety and sheer extravagance is not to be missed and has got to be the best value around.Billy Bob's Steakhouse was also of the highest quality, the seafood and steaks were delicious and the service was of the highest standard.There isn't a lot of nightlife although there is a show bar that has live entertainment every night provided free of charge. However the hotel operates scheduled courtesy buses, to both Downtown and the Strip, with the last ones returning after 11PM. There is also Public Transport available from outside the hotel and the &quot;Deuce&quot; tourist double decker passes close by. An all day pass is only $5 and although the service can be a little erratic,the money we saved compared to taking taxis was signifcant. The Crown and Anchor Pub on Tropicanna was easily reached by Taxi or Public Transport. They serve great Pub Grub and have live music and great draught beers and ciders.We will definately return to Sam's Town. Try it, you will not be disappointed.	
Sep 3 2006 	Great for the $$$	We were traveling to Vegas on a budget for a convention. We split our stay to save money and stayed at Sam's Town for 2 nights, the upscale JW Marriott for 3 nights, and then back to Sam's Town for 2 more nights. Sam's is much different from JW Marriott, but nice for the price. The area outside the hotel looked a little rough, but we stayed in. I intended to use the transportation to get to the strip, but we always missed the bus (we're not good with schedules!) and ended up driving, which was easy. For our first 2 nights we upgraded ($10) to the atrium room and I loved it. It was nice to look out at the light show. For our other 2 nights, we decided to try out a &quot;normal&quot; room. While the room was the same, the view was of the roof-top. That would have been fine, but the evening sun made the room very hot (even with the curtains closed.) In the future I would always take the atrium room. We loved the convenience of having everything we needed if we didn't want to go out. We ate at the Mexican restaurant and found it to be very good. We had breakfast at the buffet every morning (only $5 with our players card) and it was fair. Nothing great, but what could we expect for only $5. The hotel guests were mostly elderly, which was fine with me despite the fact that we're in our 30s. It was a calm, quiet group and we never had a problem trying to get to sleep at night. If you're a college student going to Vegas for fun, this probably isn't your kind of place. You would do better on the strip. I think families would be perfectly happy here, as would older couples and singles. We did use the laundry facilities while there which are located in the campground. It was nice to have that convenience. However, when I wanted to send something to the dry cleaners, the desk clerk said it would take 3 days to get it back. Evidently this service is not available on property. As far as negatives, we really have only one...this is a smoky hotel. You must walk thru the casino to get to the atrium or even to your room. We tried to gamble, but the smoke was just too heavy. It's a shame really because without the smoke we would have liked this hotel even more than the fancy JW Marriott.	
Aug 22 2006	Nice rooms difficulty getting out early in the a.m.	My friends and I went out to Vegas for girls weekend. We stayed at Treasure Island the first couple of nights. They left a day ahead of me, so I found a cheap room ($27.50) at Sams Town to stay the extra night. Pleasantly surprised with the room. As nice or nicer than Treasure Island...but it's definitely a different feel than staying on the strip. I love the low minimum gaming tables. It gave me a chance to actually play a while. The issue I had was trying to find transportation to the airport for a 6am flight. Calling the day before, Valet sent me to bell desk, bell desk sent me to Valet. I was assured a taxi would be no problem with at least 30 minute notice. They got more than a 30 minute notice the next morning but the valet insisted no taxis come that way often...&quot;I havent' seen a taxi since I got on shift'. He suggested the private service who happened to be 'hanging out'. How convenient!! Luckily there were 2 others stranded so we shared the cost. But, without them I was told anywhere from $30-$40 (they don't know for sure?)..with the additional people, still $25 each. I know not to do that again.... AND I had to run full speed, no joke, to make my flight!!	
Aug 14 2006 	Never Again	I have always stayed at Sams Town. In the past it was a wonderful place to stay and play. My husband had never been to Vegas. He wanted to stay on the strip, I talked him into Sams. BIG MISTAKE.Night 1. The air quit in our room. I contacted the front desk whom assured me that it would be fixed by the time we returned from dinner.At dinner we decided to go to the Cafe. The cook, NOT chef must have been shedding as I found hair in my food.We returned to the room about 3 AM and it was actually cooler outside (89 degrees)The next day I again contacted the front desk and spoke to the manager on duty. She was short and hateful, but did move us to another room. What a true delight that room was.The housekeeper must have been on a hangover. There was black stuff in the bathtub, and I do not mean a spot or two, the WHOLE tub was black, and least I forget the wire running from the lamp with an exposed end just waiting for a child to grab and get shocked by.I called the same person whom sent a non English speaking housekeeper to the room. She made a face and shook her head and left. The manager did not call me back so I went to the front desk where she told us that we could go to another motel, and we were lucky that she was going to give us a refund for the dirty room. I told her to keep the money, it was not going to make or break me.A second manager heard this conversation and came over and ran the dark haired one off. She was very kind and offered us a slight upgrade on another room of we would stay.Keep in mind by this time it was about 108 outside and I really did not want to get in the heat so we took her up on her offer. She said she had managed the Stardust for years and that she had a lot of employee work to do at Sams. I agree.The 3ird room was cool and except for the black socks the person before us left it was somewhat cleaner than the one before.I needed to use my telephone card to call home and learned that we would need to put up a 50.00 deposit for a toll free call. My husband went down to post the deposit and came back to inform me that they wanted my credit card, not a cash deposit. The person my husband dealt with also told him that he should use the pay phone because if he did not have a credit card, he needed to get one and the phone would not be turned on.I reached the manager formally of the Stardust and she blew a gasket. I went down and tried to give her my Am EX card and she refused to take it. She turned the phone on and told me that should I make any long distance calls and bill them to the room she would deduct the charges from the person that told my husband to get a credit card.Unless you are drinking booze in the casino, cokes are harder to get than a jackpot.Since Sams opened if I had to ball park it I would guess I have spent over 50,000.00 there. They got the last dollar from me they ever will.DO NOT STAY HERE, unless you like hair in your food and poor customer care.	
Aug 10 2006 	Great Rooms - Great Value !!!	We needed a room on a Thursday night until we could get to our other hotels in town for the weekend. We decided to stay at Sam's Town. And what a surprise it was! The check in was fast and the back of our room had a view of the elaborate Sam's Town atrium. The rooms at Sam's Town are comparable to the ones on the Vegas Strip. In fact, our room at Sam's Town was a lot better than some rooms on the Vegas Strip we stayed at. We will definitely stay at this hotel again!!!	
Jul 19 2006	Great Cheap Vegas accommodations	We found a great deal on Expedia for $24.50 a night plus tax for a three night mid-week stay at Sam's Town Hotel. The hotel is NOT on the strip-- it's about a 15 minute drive away, but it has a very large casino with low stakes wagering. The room was very clean, nicely decorated and had a large bathroom. The king bed was very comfortable. The breakfast buffet was awesome-- only $4.99 per person if you join Sam's players club-- with made to order omelettes and a wide variety of breakfast items. We observed lots of families at the hotel, and lots of seniors in the casino. There is a McDonald's, a Subway and a couple other fast food restaurants in the building if you're really on a budget, and several other more expensive restaurants. Mystic Falls, the large atrium, was very pleasant to walk through, and although I didn't get to see the laser and water show my wife liked it. There is a pool, but quite honestly we were so busy seeing all the sights in Vegas that we didn't have time to even look at it. There is a large laundromat located at Sam's RV park right next door. My wife was a little skeptical when I first told her about the cheap price, but even she would admit Sam's was up to her standards.	
Jul 15 2006	Nice slower pace	We have stayed at Sam’s Town for many years now, the slots seem to have gotten tight the last year. Drinks are hard to come by and so is change/floor help. It dose seem to be changing some what. Do like the slower pace. The food is Great at all the restaurants. Also I don’t like how they hold machines for someone overnight; to go eat or go to the bathroom that ok they need s two hr time limit. We always go down to the strip for the day and come back, eat and most often stay the rest of are time at Sam’s the rooms are real nice just redone. If you have been to Vegas many time this is a good place, first timers stay on the strip.	
Jun 28 2006	Good Value in Vegas	If you want the excitement of the Vegas &quot;strip&quot; this is not the hotel for you. It is more family-oriented and about a 20 minute ride from the strip. However, they offer a free shuttle with pretty convenient times although it doesn't allow for staying on the strip really late. We were able to get a truly non-smoking room by getting there slightly before the check-in time but most places in Vegas won't guarantee a non-smoking room and this one didn't either. Smoke is the real problem in this town. Even tho' our room was nice and non-smoking, as soon as we turned on the A/C, the smoke from the casino and the other rooms was funneled in through the air vents. It wasn't unbearable but, being asmathic, it wasn't ideal. Other than the smoking issues, the food was good, the lobby is lovely and the hotel staff was friendly.	
Jun 24 2006	Just Returned From Sam's Town	We just returned from 5 nights at Sam's Town. We had a great time. This is the 3rd time we've stayed there, and I don't think we'll ever go back to the strip. We rented a car, so we could go wherever we wanted, but they do run busses to and from the strip, along with Fremont Street and some other stops.Sam's has recently remodeled their rooms. They look very nice, and are very comfortable. No problems with the showers or any other plumbing. We ate at the buffet almost every night, and were always satisfied. They have a great variety, at a very reasonable price. We didn't come away &quot;winners&quot; in the casino, but for the most part, if you go to Vegas expecting to win, you're going to be disappointed. If you are going to Vegas for the first time, by all means stay on the strip to get the &quot;feel&quot; of the town. If you've done the strip, and want something quieter and less hectic, Sam's wojuld be a great choice!	
Jun 7 2006	Best deal in town	Spent the first week of May at Sam's town and we were not disappointed. This is truly the best deal in town. The rooms were very clean and the casino was fine. The facility is very popular with the locals. The Firelight lounge buffet is rated the best with breakfast around 5 bucks (weekdays) for all you can eat. Many restaurants are located inside the hotel and we ate at all of them with no complaints, great food and service. Because of the distance to the strip, about 7 miles, I would recommend renting a car. A free bus is provided by the hotel but a car is better. If you have already experienced the strip and want to relax in a quite atmosphere give Sam's town a try. They also have a very nice pool. The picture I included was taken inside the hotel Atrium looking onto the water falls. These rooms will cost you and extra $10 per night, I was told. The rooms facing the street were just fine and quiet.	
May 31 2006	Two Thumbs Up!	I would have given the revew a 5 but the drink service (coctail waitresses) was slow due to the fact they only have a couple of waitresses per shift. Come on Boyd Gaming, you can afford better than that! Other than that, the hotel is very nice and pleasant with clean rooms and very comfortable beds, nice bathrooms, great variety of reasonably priced restaurants and plenty of slot machines to keep you busy. The courtyard reminds me of being in an old western town and Mystic Park is beautiful. Save yourself some money by NOT renting a car and take advantage of their extensive shuttle service to the different hotels on the strip and downtown. I highly recocommend this reasonably priced hotel and will stay again.	
May 3 2006	Suite Stay at Sam's Town	We stayed at Sam's Town for a basketball tournament. We booked a suite for our son and ourselves. Very nice room. Sometimes these rooms off of the strip scare me and I would not stay there. This was very nice and completely fine. Biggest complaint no room service. But it looks like this hotel was recently redone and our room was very clean. Nice people working in the hotel. We would stay here again.	
Apr 29 2006	Great value	Our second stay at Sam's Town. It's a good value, much cheaper than most &quot;strip&quot; rooms. The biggest complaint we had was the location of our room, although we were lucky not to have noisy neighbors. The rooms are advertised as having either a mountain view or a view of the indoor &quot;park&quot; area. Our room had a view of the roof. We decided not to ask for another room in case it was noisier. The rest of our stay there was very pleasant, the food was good and there were few kids, which was a plus in our minds. We did have to rent a car since we wanted to visit other casinos and other attractions, but it was nice to come &quot;home&quot; each night to Sam's. We would go back there.	
Apr 26 2006	We still loved it!	This is our second stay at Sam's Town. We enjoyed this hotel both times we stayed here. The rooms are large, spacious and clean. We had an interior room on the 8th Floor. We had a great view of the Indoor Atrium area. The bed was very comfortable. The only thing we can say negative about the room was that the TV was pretty small, but then again we aren't in Vegas to watch TV! The casino is large and has a wide variety of slot machines, video poker and table games. The food court is great with McDonald's, Sbarro and Panda Express. They also have an Ice Cream Parlor and an Aunt Annie's pretzel shop located near the arcade and movie theater area. The Firelight buffet has a great $4.99 Breakfast Buffet (Monday thru Friday) and the Lunch and Dinner prices are great as well. Dinner prices vary depending on what the night is. We went on Steak night and it was only $12.99 and they even had Filet on the buffet. It was very tender! We feel very safe while staying at Sam's Town. Parking is so much easier than on the strip. The parking garages are well lit and there are cameras throughout for added safety. There is also great security throughout the hotel areas as well. The hotel offers a great shuttle service and while it is a distance from the strip it is well worth the drive. We love this hotel and will stay here again in July!	
Apr 21 2006	we loved sams town	so glad we chose to stay here although 20 minutes from the strip this hotel was excellent.Room was spotless with plenty of space,large and very clean bathroom.Firelight buffet did a fab breakfast and a different evening buffet selection each night with a champagne brunch at the weekend.	
Apr 12 2006	Great Stay	Las Vegas is not for teenagers or any age kid, but if you must Sam's Town is perfect. Lovely courtyard lobby. I felt like I was in &quot;central park&quot;. Rooms are new and clean. There is a variety of restaurants from cheap to more expensive, such as steaks. The casino is large and clean and more or less smoke free. I have been in much worse and I don't smoke. There is plenty to do WITH the kids, swimming, movies, bowling, eating or just sitting by the waterfall with a beverage, people watching. I think you could stay for several days and not have to leave....just relax, all at an affordable price. Thanks Sam's Town.	
Mar 25 2006	stay put	don't take a 3rd floor room. I asked desk clerk for a room that would be quiet and dark. Got one on 3rd floor. two search lights were outside my window fully lighting my room even when drapes shut. saw problem and went back an hour later same clerk said she could have helped if i had come back quicker. they did change my room next day after one ruined vacation day. the drive to the strip is like being in a nascar race if you like that or want to stay put , location is ok. buffet was cheap and food ok. specials at harvest are great. most of staff friendly and sports book and pool better then expected. price was good but others in same level would be better	
Mar 21 2006	just horsing around	i am a horseplayer and have been at sam's town for the kentucky derby and the breeders cup. each time i've gotten A1 service throughout my stay. i can't say enough, plus you get excellent deals. jim p	
Jan 22 2006	NOT for Teenagers	Sam's Town is not a place for teenagers. We were at Sam's Town the week between Christmas and New Years (Dec. 26th- Jan 1st). There were 5 in our party, Myself, my husband, 2-16yr olds, and a 12yr old. (All boys- were in Vegas for a Baseball Christmas Camp). I picked Sam's Town because they have the bowing alley and Movie Theater Under one roof. However, we were not told (until after the first night) that the boys could not go to the bowling alley or movie theater after 9:00pm without an adult.(They needed to be 17 in order to be un-accompanied) In addition, they could not bowl before 9:00pm since there were local bowling leagues everynight from 5:00pm-9:00pm and no lanes were reserved for hotel guest. I wasn't happy about the bowling situation or the &quot;curfew&quot; rule so I talked to the front desk and security about it. The front desk and security replied was that it was Sam's Town's policy since they have had problems with the local gangs in the evening hours. I also asked why this &quot;Curfew&quot; policy was not posted anywhere on the web-site or why we were not notified about this upon check-in. They knew we had kids when the reservations were made (in early Nov). I explained that I paid a lot of money ($60-$175 per night) to stay at Sam's Town and one of my deciding factors was the fact that there was something for the boys to do after the baseball camp. I have a hard time believing that my two 16 yr.olds can drive a car, but can't walk themselves to the hotel room after 9:00pm. The front desk recommended that I speak to the General Manager, Joe. So I request to speak with him - Three different times and never heard back from him. I then filled out a customer comment card and included a 3 page letter about our stay and requested to hear back from him. As of today 1-22-06 I have not heard a word from Sam's Town. Bottom line--Sam's Town appears to have the whole &quot;family friendly&quot; package, but unless you want to baby-sit, DON'T Go there with kids.JulieSparks, Nevada	
Jan 21 2006	Sam's is Better Than Home Away from Home	My son was relocating to the Las Vegas area, so we drove 2,000 miles across country with his Snap-On Tool box and furniture. We checked into Sam's Town to begin setting up his new apartment. I had picked Sam's out of a travel website due to its location (closer to my son's new apartment than &quot;The Strip&quot; - Sam's is located on Boulder Hwy going toward Henderson from Las Vegas. Also the price was really good. I love Sam's Town. It's Western themed. The lobby/atrium is a park/waterfall area sitting inside what looks like an old Western town facade. There are shows at night(music)and a laser show. Otherwise nature sounds are part of the ambience. Sam's Town's Firelight Buffet offers just about whatever you would want, and certain nights your meal includes a complimentary wine or beer. They have other retaurants, a Movie house and a Bowling Alley as well as of course swimming area. There is an RV resort next door which seemed very popular, but I can't speak to that area as I wasn't there. We parked our Penske truck in an outdoor parking area, and backed it up to the block wall for security. No problems at all. The room was very nice. We had a top floor. Sam's Town is a comfy sort of homey hotel(but nice) with lots of amenities. I would recommend it especially for anyone looking for some place more along those lines than the glamour and glitz (and expense)of the Strip area. The Strip isn't far away, and for the good price, it's a bargain in my opinion. Sam's Town has lots of awards for its gaming as well from the local reviews.  My one caveat: get up and shower early; the demands on the hot water system kind of overwhelm during peak morning hour. The first morning, I waited until later and, although not cold, the water just wasn't as piping hot as I like it to be. Being from back East, rising early was easy for me to do anyway with the time difference. I'd just get up, shower, and get downstairs to the breakfast buffet at the Firelight.  This morning I'm back home, and I truly miss my glass-elevator ride down to the Firelight Buffet for my yummy breakfast and hot coffee. And I really loved talking to the lady Chef who prepared my made-to-order omelet there; she was very personable as well as a good cook. Our stay at Sam's Town served us well for the three days we needed to get my son all set up at his new home. We got in a little gaming on the side; entertaining all around.	
Oct 31 2005	Clean but not for 20 somethings	I stayed here with my best friend, we booked a standard room.. I was very clean, and had a nice view. The pool area is small, but the bar opened up while we were sun-bathing and they have some very yummy libations.. and they came in this cool pineapple collector cup. Our only compakint was that the shuttle only ran till midnight.. and being in our 20's we didn't want to be there that early... I thought that the atrium was awesome, with the water show and the mountain critter moving it was quite entertaining... It is a nice hotel but ment for a different generation.	
Oct 22 2005	Who cares if its off the Strip?	This is an excellent place to stay and/or gamble at. I will definitely return again and will recommend it to everyone I know. Each time I visit Las Vegas, I spend more and more time off-Strip. The Strip is great for first time visitors, but how many times can you see tigers, volcanoes, crowds, etc. without becoming jaded. Sam's Town draws a generally older crowd, so if you're looking to mingle with hip, young, obnoxious, noisy drunks, this is not the place to go. But you're looking for a a fun, friendly atmosphere with very reasonable prices, Sam's Town is ideal. The rooms are newly remodeled and very quiet for sleeping. If you have a car, it doesn't take long to commute to the Strip or Downtown, and if you don't have a car, there is an excellent shuttle service to both of these locations. The only thing I didn't like was the mandatory $1 per night local phone call charge, whether or not you even use the phone. The &quot;Sunset Stampede&quot; show is nice, if a little cheesy, sort of like the Wal-mart version of the Bellagio fountains.	
Oct 15 2005	Sam's Town has a lot going for it	We do not gamble. We do not drink or smoke. But we LOVE Las Vegas! This was our fifth trip. We usually stay on the strip, which as you may know does not have the accommodation &quot;deals&quot; that it once had. This time we thought we'd try Sam's, because of the price and yes, the location. Sam's is a great place to stay over if you're heading out of Las Vegas. We landed at the airport late, and were heading up to the awesome Utah National Parks. Sam's is on the way out of town and convenient to I-15. The plan was to stay in LV for a couple of days on the return leg, at Luxor. We enjoyed Sam's so much, we blew off Luxor and stayed at Sam's again. It's an easy drive to the strip if you have a car. The shuttle has a rather circuitous path and doesn't run late enough to take in a nighttime show. As other people here have noted, the price makes it worth it. The place is nice and clean and has as many fun gimmicks as any of the big hotels on the strip. The breakfast restaurant was OK (maybe a 10-minute wait) but we did not happen to try the dinner buffet. Ask for a room facing &quot;Mystic Park&quot;.	
Oct 15 2005	Great place to ger away from the strip	This is a great place to get away from the strip. Very clean, great customer service, good rates. Not a place for kids.	
Oct 14 2005	Good hotel good price	We stayed at sam's town hotel when we arrived in vegas, the room was clean, the bed was good. It's a nice hotel, and had a very good price for the room. We will come back!	
Sep 24 2005	Sam's Town Rocks!!!	Cannot say enough nice things about Sam's Town. The rooms were lovely and clean. Service was excellent. Price was fantastic! $39.99 a night during the week. Food is great and very reasonably priced as compared to the strip hotels. Beautiful Buffet, 24 hour cafe and food court for those looking for a bargain. Other restaurants too, Italian, Mexican and Steak House. Lovely indoor park where you can sit and catch a little quiet time. I like the penny slots and video poker. Lots of machines that kept me busy and put money in my pocket. Free shuttle to the strip and downtown gives you the option to see other places. Just a great place to stay, especially if you are trying to stretch you traveling funds. Unless you can afford the glitz and glamour of the higher priced hotels I would recommend Sam's Town. Have stayed there three times and will be going back.	
Sep 23 2005	Good for the money	The hotel is miles away from the strip so be aware of this before you arrive! The rooms are clean and nicely furnished. Nothing spectacular, but then who comes to vegas to sit in their room. The casino is great and the odds of winning seem alot higher than any casino on the strip. We all pretty much broke even at the end, which is more than i can say for my last stay at MGM. If you dont mond being away from the action then Sams Town is ok. Its not really suitable for young people though as we felt the average age was 60+.	
Sep 20 2005	above average hotel for the price	We have stayed at Sams Town 4 times during our last 10 trips to vegas, the last being a week ago. We cant fault it, we were in newly refurbished accommodation which was spotless and very comfortable.You can have a game of bowls or visit the cinema to get away from the gambling for a while, and the staff have always been great to us. We always hire a car as its 20 mins from the Strip but the hotel bus seems to run every 15 mins so I dont think transport would be a problem if you didnt want to drive. The only thing the room doesnt have is a coffee maker(they want you to visit their Java coffee shop) so we bought one for ten dollars from the Walgreens over the road!	
Sep 18 2005	My room Reeked of smoke! No non-smoking floors or rooms!	This was my first (and last) stay at Sam's Town. I visit Vegas frequently and like to have my granddaughter stay wtih me at a hotel, so I try to choose somewhere with movies or something for kids. I chose Sam's Town because I'd never stayed there and because they have the &quot;wolf light show&quot; attraction. I always ask for non-smoking rooms and was given what they call a non-smoking room.  My room REEKED of smoke. I could hardly breathe. When I complained, the desk informed me that they have NO non-smoking floors, and saying some rooms are non-smoking is the best they can do. I changed rooms. The second one was just as bad. I bought room fresheners at Walgreen's and had a faint smell of vanilla behind the smoke somewhere. My granddaughter liked the wolf light show, fake animals, etc. but this was not enough of a reason to ever recommend this hotel. They are remodeling parts; I hope they remodel and demolish all the carpet and drapery that must retain old smoke.  Very disappointing stay. My last.	
Sep 12 2005	Sam's Town is once again a great place to stay!	We love Sam's Town! We thought we could deal with the Westward Ho on the strip, but ended up check ing out after one night and moving to Sam's Town. We've stayed at Sam's several times and will now stay no where BUT Sam's Town when in Las Vegas. The rooms have all be renovated. They are super clean, comfortable and roomy enough. There was a king bed and two comfy chairs and a table in our rooms. The bathrooms were re-done with new countertops and a nice tub/shower. I have absolutely no complaints about our room. Everyone from the front desk to the casino to the bingo parlor employees were gracious and friendly. The Friday Night Seafood Buffet for $15 or so was fantastic! We have never had a bad waitress at their buffet. We enjoy the movie theater, pool and bingo parlor, as well as the goof court for late night snacks. Parking is free and super easy. You simply can't go wrong at Sam's Town.	
Aug 23 2005	Was going to make a reservation - terrible customer service!	I was trying to book a reservation on-line for the birthday deal and the website DOES NOT have a lock on the browser, so I called the hotel itself and they insisted that it was a secure site. Should I take their word for it? Not comfortable with that. It would have been nice if the manager would have been more friendly and service-oriented. I was on the website at the same time as I was talking to them and they could not help me. I'll stay some where else. I can't wait to get to Planetfeedback.	
Aug 22 2005	The Suites are the Best	We always stay at Sams Town, in July went for Our Daughters 21 st Birthday all the Family came so age 21 to 70 everyone enjoyed it . We had two suites one for daughter and one for us-- all others had king room . We paid $107.00 a night for 1 bedroom suite clean and beautiful . All rooms were clean all employees are so friendly. my husband and I stay there all the time . We went off to strip and downtown but everyone even the 20 and 30 year olds wanted to stay there and play they really enjoyed . The pit boss even gave my daughter $80.00 off her total room bill when he heard it was her Black Jack Birthday. Food is also very good for a reasonable price.	
Jul 28 2005	Off the strip and a great value! Stay here!	The check in staff was very friendly. We were a little turned around at first, but after first finding our room we were fine. The room was very spacious and the temperature was perfect when we got in from a hot drive from San Diego (digital thermostat!) The furniture was very nice. The room was super clean and the bed was very comfortable. We didn't hear any noise from any of the rooms around us, which is always a plus. The parking situation is so much nicer than the strip. the garage is easy to navigate and close to elevators. The express check out was also nice. This hotel is a great value off the strip. Stay here for a romantic evening (wink wink) or for a relaxing night after winning! This made our stay in Vegas!	
Jul 17 2005	Not bad at all!!	Sam's Town is advertising FREE shuttle service to the strip. At check in , I was told I will be charged a $4.50 per day 'hotel service fee'.&quot;Its for the shuttle service&quot;, was the answer to my question, what that meant.That means , you are actually paying for the &quot;FREE&quot; shuttle service. If you are using it, or not!!!A couple of years ago the shuttle was leaving every hour , now they reduced it to 1hour 40 min. That was not a problem for me. The problem was the return trip. I stepped into the bus the same spot i stepped out (Bourbon Street), but instaed of returning to Sam's Town, he went to Tropicana, waitet 15 minutes and then to San Remo, waited again. And it was hot hot hot!! Eventually we were on the way back. It took exactly 1 hour! That was a big inconvenience.Another disappointment was the 'big rewards program: I gambled $2000 points and got lousy $2 in cashback. I remember a strip hotel last september was much more generous.But otherwise , I had a great stay. I forgot to ask for a non smoking room and got a smoking room. It did not smell at all and there were no cigarette burns!! The room was in fact very nice and I had no problems with the carpet, like the previous reviewer (I'm very picky!!).The rooms are undergoing renovations at this time, so they will be even nicer.I went during the week and I think I got a great value. Would have paid twice as much for a hotel on the strip. Actually, everything was cheaper than on the strip.I traveled alone and I felt safe and comfortable at sam's town.The indoor park has benches to sit down. No machine in front of you and no need to buy a drink, just sit there and relax. You won't find that at any other casino.And they have very nice restaurants ,too!	
Jul 14 2005	Loved the casino disappointed with the room	We have visited Sam's Town many times and I always enjoyed the western, laid back attitude that contrasts so well with the strip. This was our first stay in the hotel and we were disappointed. The room was ok as far as size and comfort go but the carpeting was filthy!!!!! Not just stained but loose dirt along all of the base. I kept socks on AND stretched towels out on the floor. Called to complain and were told there were no other rooms available. I called the Housekeeping Supervisor to complain and this person (surprisingly) sent someone to shampoo the carpet the next day. Normally, I would have been impressed but all he did was shampoo a &quot;path&quot; which made the overall filth in the rest of the room even more noticeable! Sad to write this because I still liked the casino (and won) and very much enjoyed the buffet and Billy Bob's. Will visit again but probably won't stay there.	
Jul 6 2005	twi-light zone	Evidently all the negatives have been living in the twi-light zone. Sams Town is one fine casino, their machines hit more than any other casino on the strip or elsewhere I really enjoy myself when i'm playing the slots. The casino do'es a good job of replacing the older video machines with the new, no boredom here. The buffet has been rejuvenated Quite elegant for a family type eatery. The food is A OK and the help has always been courteous, of course there have been times i've had a problem with the different dialects [&quot;no big deal] smoking is a problem but, only when the smoker is inconciderate of their neighbor. Since i live here in las vegas, i can't give an opinion on the hotel, just the casino where i feel comfortable and protected. Almost forgot a very important fact the restrooms are kept in good shape considering the traffic. E. Garstecki 	
Jun 17 2005	Great stay at Sam's Town	Sam's Town is a great place to stay if you do not need to be on the Strip --- it is on Boulders hwy. The food is excellent and the prices are very reasonable. I was there with kids and they loved that they could go to the movies right on the property, plus there is bowling, a pool and an arcade. The rooms are generous and the property is a great size ---not so giant as the Strip properties. A fair portion of the customers are senior citizens --- short walks to restaurants, low table minimums, friendly atmosphere, and a good buffet with lots of food choices. Our favorite meal was Fajitas as Willie&amp;Jose's in the Casino ---- great food price and quantity. In summary, Sam's Town is great if you do not need to stay right on the Strip. Try a vacation with 2 nights at Sam's Town and then 2 nights on the Strip ---nice change of pace.	
May 10 2005	Frequent Sams Town Visitor......Love the Hospitality!!	I stay at Sams Town 3x a year. Have been to many other Casinos bt always returned to Sam's. The Hospitality is great and the Casino workers are very efficient and Personable. The big draw card for me is the FREE shuttle service to the strip and downtown. This avoids a lot of Taxi Problems.The Steak House (Billy Bobs) is also one of the best in Vegas. Rated so by the Zagat review. All in all I've stayed loyal to Sams town for over 15 years. Also their Prime Rewards System is great and carries over from year to year w/o expiring as other Casinos do.Only have GREAT things to say.	
May 5 2005	No hot water	No hot water both mornings. Otherwise is a very nice hotel.	
May 3 2005	Over 60? You'll love Sam's Town!	This was our third trip to Vegas and, to try something different, we thought we'd stay off the Strip, stay at Sam's Town and hire a car to explore the desert... it kinda worked, but being under 60 we felt somewhat out of place.First, the hotel room - fairly ordinary and mostly clean although on two occasions the ashtray wasn't emptied. No mini-bar or room service either.There's also some kind of problem with the toilets flushing over, judging by the sign in the bathroom this is a recurring problem. And yes, it happened to us. Not nice.Next, the Casino - plenty of new slots (loose as well), not too smoky, but getting a cocktail from waitress can take up to 30 minutes. More staff needed perhaps.And then there's Mystic Falls... top tip, do NOT watch the free show during daytime because it will look exactly what it is; mechanical animals moving oddly to loud music and water fountains. But at nighttime, with the lasers, it looks pretty cool. Not quite the Bellagio, but an entertaining 20 minutes nonetheless.Overall impression - decent enough place, but being in our 30s we clearly weren't the typical Sam's Town Retirement Home customer. Fighting through the walking frames and oxygen tanks on the casino floor is not what we were expecting!	
Apr 28 2005	Good food confusing casino layout	We stayed for 4 nights at Sams Town with our 13 year old son at the end of a 2 week touring holiday from the UK. This was our 4th trip to Las vegas and the area and we like trying new places so with the help of tripadvisor thought we would stay here. We only paid $45+ taxes a night so it was very good value. The atrium is quite nice to sit in and have coffee or drink and of course not being a gaming area our son could relax aswell. The casino is around the outside of the atrium aswell as the restaurants, shops etc we found it quite confusing. In most hotels you soon find your way around but here we always had to think which way to go.We do not agree with some comments on the food here, we ate in the cafe and had excellent food every time, we were going to have a buffet but the menu was not what we fancied but I'm sure it would have been good if the other food was anything to go by.The pool area when we found it seemed to be in the shade as it had high walls all around and was miles from the hotel rooms, we did not bother to use it at all. One big problem for us was last thing at night we like to have a coffee before going to bed. Everywhere was shut, you could get a glass of coffee at the bar but it was'nt very good, the java coffee in the atrium was good but shut at night.We did gamble a little, blackjack and slots. 1cent slots! so you can have hours of fun for a $1!! The keno lounge was not very inviting but played whilst having dinner in the cafe can't complain there won $400 for $1 bet!!!!!Unless pushed for money if we are back at Las vegas again I think we will stay elswere though will come back to eat here.	
Apr 25 2005	Beware hidden "service fees" and the smokiest casino around.	I stayed there this last weekend, paid $139.00 a night, no biggie, it was a convention week. Beware the listed price, though, when you get to the acceptance box on the reservations portion of their webpage, buried within the boilerplate writing is a $4.50 &quot;hotel service fee.&quot; What the heck is that? What does $139.00 pay for? Then, on arrival, a $1.00 &quot;telephone use fee&quot; is added. This practice is disengenuous at best; why not advertise the room for $10.00 a night, then tack on a $200.00 &quot;service fee?&quot; Hotel isn't bad, not great, room was clean and minimal, no complaints. The casino, however, was the smokiest I've been in in some time. I feel truly sorry for the employees in that place, as they are very friendly and efficient, but that smoke is amazing. Now, I know I am going to go into a casino and exit smelling like an ashtray, that's a Vegas fact, so I expected that, and I know Sam's Town and other hotels view non-smokers with disdain at best and contempt at worst, but this was suffocating. Add to that the stingiest slot machines just about anywhere! Hotel was nice, once you get past the deceptions, casino was a bust. My sympathies to the employees.	
Apr 7 2005	great place for families with teens	Stayed here for 2 nights- March 25-27th and had a great time. Rooms were clean, except that the tub didn't drain well. Called housekeeping to unclog, but still drained slowly. Toiletries did not come with a shower cap, so had to request.Teens enjoyed the movies and the bowling alley.Had a nice meal at the harvest cafe, though waited an hour for a table of 20. Teens enjoyed having McDonald's and Panda Express.Beautiful lazer light show, could see it from hotel room.Would stay here again.	
Feb 18 2005	Have best time in Las Vegas	We went to checked in Feb 3 and stay for 3 nights in 2005. We were all excited to see the main lobby and park inside the hotel when we first checked in. The hotel has all activities around, restaurants, slot machines, cineamas inside the hotels, full size bowling lanes, etc. Whatever you can think of, they have it there. The lazor and water shows every day are so great. We just felt right in home at our stay. It's about 15 minutes drive from hotel to the strips and the traffic is always great. We really enjoy our stay in there.	
Feb 5 2005	Would Do It Again!	We took the folks on a trip out west in September 2004 and of course had to visit Las Vegas. We stayed at the Sam's Town Hotel and had a good time. Great price too! Our room was large and had a great southwestern flare. Very clean. We went out for dinner the night we arrived but wish we would have stayed right there at Sam's Town - they offer a wide variety of food choices. We had breakfast in the lobby at Fresh Harvest Cafe and recommend it to all. We would stay here again.	
Jan 28 2005	Seen Better Days	This old relic has seen better days. Needs an overhaul. Rooms are fairly well kept and fairly clean. Restaurants are mediocre at best...and have really gone downhill in the last few years. Not as bad a decline as the slot machines however, nothing spitting out of them at all. The blackjack is good here but the casino area is smoky. Very smoky. The buffet is the pits, nothing like it used to be in the 90's.	
Jan 10 2005	Worst stay ever in L.V.	I take trips to Las Vegas 4 – 5 times a year and I normally stay at a hotel on the strip, but this last time I decided to stay at Sam’s Town. I stayed for 4 nights and I must say that between the hotel and the management it was the worst trip I ever been on in Las Vegas. First off at check in, I was charged a higher rate for my standard room and suite than what was quoted to me on the phone from their reservation line.The second night, I sat on the edge of the bed in our suite and the bed broke. After I was accused of breaking the bed (I weight 180lbs and you could see where it was broken before), we were told that it couldn’t be repaired and we had to pack up and move to smaller suite. Third night packed up again and move back to a larger suite.Fourth night couldn’t wait to leave.Stayed 5 days and 4 nights and I couldn’t even use the buffet coupon from the Las Vegas Advisor because every night was theme night and they wouldn’t honor it.I spend over $1100 on the rooms, plus money on gambling, food, drinks and I didn’t even get comped for anything. Sam’s Town motto: “Where locals bring their friends”, maybe it was because I’m not a local.	
Jan 5 2005	The place to be	THe hotel is accomodations are average I would say thress stars. But Sam's club is one of the best places to stay if you like variety and a quiet setting. The service we received at Sam's was excellent. They also have a wide variety of things to do besides gamble.	
Nov 28 2004	Sams Town was Great. Oct 04	We stopped off at Sam's Town on our way to Big Bear, we thought we would upgrade our room to a suite the cost was $90 and what a room it was Big and I mean Big a Large Lounge with a very Large TV, Fridge, Coffe/Tea Machine. A very large tub with seperate shower and toilet, a king bed with another Large TV. We were able to sit in our window and watch the Laser show. The food was good and although we did not win on the slots we had fun. The shuttle service to the Strip and Down Town was very good. We have stopped off at Vegas for the last ten year and always on the Strip but in future we will stay at Sam's. So give it a go I know you will enjoy it. Happy Gambling	
Nov 1 2004	Not impressed with Sams Town	We made our hotel reservations well in advance of our trip, and I called to confirm them a few days before our trip. At that time a clerk asked whether we preferred a room overlooking the indoor park or looking out at the mountains. We stated overlooking the park. When we arrived, we were given a room overlooking the casino roof and the attached theatre, and the RV park. We had also stated that we required a handicapped accessible room, which we were given, but on the 9th floor, we would have preferred something closer to the ground. As for the laser light show in the park, &quot;whoopee&quot;, what a dud. After all the build-up, we expected something much better, but we can't complain too much, it was free. The buffet was edible, but nothing to &quot;write home about&quot;. My wife played video poker machines for our three night stay, and didn't win a dime. We wouldn't stay there again, nor would we recommend it to any of our friends. Also, it is a LONG way away from any of the sights you might like to see, like the strip or the Fremont Street Experience.	
Oct 27 2004	First Timer....	This was my first time in Las Vegas. I wanted to stay on the strip, but most of the hotels were way too expensive. Sams Town was wonderful. We were able to stay there for an average of 65.00/night!! The rooms were very clean (although I wish they would have had a fridge/microwave.) There was tons of things to do there. I had my two children and my husband there, and we all had a great time. The food was pretty good. Not too pricey....The shuttle was very convenient and nice. Check-in was very quick and the atrium that they have in the middle of the hotel was absolutely beautiful!! We will definately be going back there!!	
Oct 11 2004	excellent value	This place is amazing value. I paid $32 and the room was superb. I stayed at the aladdin ont he strip the night before for $145 and the quality of the rooms was honestly comparable.Sams had nice wild-west theming, large clean rooms, very nice bathroom, nice quality tolietries, frioendly staff and the laser show is fun too. (its no Bellagio, but good anyway)Aparently the slots here are looser- although I did not win, a woman sat down from me won $4,000 on the nickels slots!!!! (she was happy)the only &quot;bad&quot; thing is the obvious distance form the strip-but if you have a car, its a 15 min drive - and strip hotels are free to park. Or there is a shuttle- or cab- overall, this place was great value and I would rather spend the extra money on having fun in vegas!!!	
Oct 3 2004	Enjoyable stay!	My husband &amp; I just returned from our 6-day vacation in Las Vegas; since our trip from the onset was very much budgeted, I made our arrangements to stay at Sam's Town during the spring. Because the cost for the room was under $300 (which included all taxes and fees etc), after reading some of the negative reviews, I was somewhat apprehensive as to what we were going to find once we reached our destination. What a surprise! Courteous service at the registration desk, a very picturesque atrium and suprisingly, a very nice room (although our view consisted of the parking lot). Our days were well packed so we never really stayed much in the room, but always found fresh towels and a neat room upon our return. We definitely would not hesitate to stay at Sam's Town again although you must take into consideration that it is about 6 miles from the strip. Since we always rent a car, this had no impact on us. Looking forward to next year!	
Sep 2 2004	Sam's was ok for the price.	We ended up staying at Sam's Town on the 8th of August 2004 because of a change in flights. I really can not complain too much we got the room for $39 (because it was Sunday) and the hotel was very nice lots to see and do and the steak and egg breakfast for $4 can not be beat! The only complaint was we must have been at the farthest room in the hotel down the longest darkest cooridor was a little eerie feeling, the room however was very nice high ceilings and furnished nicely. I would not want to stay here if the strip was my main focus it is a long ways out. Staff were exceelent and ver friendly and helpful.	
Aug 18 2004	Decent but not dazzling!	Our family (hubby, two daughters and me) stayed at Sam's Town Fri, Aug 13 after having been at one of the Las Vegas strip casinos for two nights. (We moved for the Friday night because Sam's Town was so much more reasonable in price on a weekend). It was nice enough. Nothing fancy. Clean, basic room with 2Q beds. Fine for the price. Felt &quot;lower class&quot; than the strip because of several things....first the little sign in the bathroom informing you what you'd be charged should you decide to steal a towel, or rug or pillow from the room. I understand why they do that as I guess some folks just can't resist, but I found it in poor taste to state it. We had travelers checks and walked from cashier to cashier until someone finally told us we needed to go to the &quot;main cage&quot; and wait in a 15 minute line to cash our travelers checks. I never had such a tough time spending money as we did there! Then after you play the slots, its back to the cashier with the little ticket. On the strip you can feed the ticket back into another machine. The seafood buffet was a mob scene in endless line ques which we decided to forgo. Nice selection of other restaurants, small arcade, nice ice cream parlor and decent food court. Slots didn't seem any looser than anywhere else. Could earn a free buffet with players club, but weren't there long enough to do so. The waterfall in the atrium is pretty. Would have liked to see the show at night with lights. Our kids felt like the wolf and bear were a bit corny, but they are pre-teens so the magic has worn off. Overall, I'd say that Sam's Town is a still a deal and if the glitz and luxury of the strip is not important to you...go for it! We'd likely go back and stay there again, but I'd avoid the weekend as it was just a mad house.	
Aug 5 2004	Perfect atmosphere in LV	Spent two nights at Sam's Town on July 28 -30. This is an outstanding place that transforms a casino setting into a restort atmosphere. Mystic Falls Park is an ideal area to relax and get away from the gaming. Coffee from the hut while sitting at one of the many benches or chairs, or a drink at in the bar next to the waterfall, immediately changes the feel of the casino environment to that of a resort. Dining at the Italian restaurant or the steakhouse within the atrium changes a casino hotel into a vacation retreat almost immediately. I enjoyed having this area available to me 24 hours a day. The rooms are standard; very clean and functional at a low price ($29.99). I ate at the buffet twice for lunch. I couldn't believe the quality and selection for $5.99 (or $4.99 with a senior sticker on your slot card - 55 yrs and up). My favorites prior to this trip were the Orleans and Gold Coast, but I must admit the lunch buffet at Sam's was superior. Service was friendly and prompt. The pool area is meduim size, with drinks available and some shaded areas.  I found the video pocker paytables to be at least equal to any other casino I visited. The blackjack does not pay 3-2 only 6-5, which is one disadvantage I found here. Keno has a higher payback than other casinos. Roulette has $1 minimum chips, while I found 50 cent minimums at the Orleans and Gold Coast. But all said and done, Sam's Town has become very high on my list of places to stay in Las Vegas. While about 5 miles from the strip, this inconvenience is diminished by the great transportation system Sam's provides to many strip and downtown locations. And these vehicles are not the typical oversized van most shuttles have become. These are full size buses, similar to a Greyhound bus. Do not discount Sam's Town if your looking for lower prices, great service and a bang for your buck.	
Jul 13 2004	We always stay at Sam's Town	We love Sam's Town. Sam's Town RV Park is great too. We always meet my parents at Sam's Town and we get a room and they stay at the RV Park. We have stayed here twice and never disappointed. Quick check in and out. Very kid friendly. Get an inside room if you can. You can watch the Mystic River Laser light show from your room. My kids (5 &amp; 2) favorite thing about Las Vegas, &quot;the water show&quot; at Sam's Town. Fresh Harvest Cafe has a great Prime Rib Dinner, a movie theatre and bowling right there. A great alternative to the crowded strip. Free shuttle service to the strip though if you can't stay away.	
May 9 2004	Good hotel for the price	My family stayed at Sam's Town April 11th. We found an excellent deal on the Sam's Town website for $24.99. We had never stayed that far from the strip before, but it was a pleasant experience. Check in was quick. We checked in around 11 PM and I had requested a non-smoking room. The front desk at first advised me that there were no non-smoking rooms available, but after giving a disapproving look, she suddenly found several non-smoking rooms. I don't know what that was all about. The room was clean and roomy. I was told that the hotel rooms with 2 double beds had been upgraded to 2 queen beds. I don't think that was the case. We were only there for one night, so it was all good. The hotel was surprisingly quiet. We tried to eat at their Cafe which had the $3.99 steak and eggs special but the line was very long. The decor was unique. When I stay the next time I will request a room facing the inside with a view of the atrium courtyard.	
Apr 25 2004	Blown Away By The Smoke!!!!!	We just returned from our 4 day trip to Las Vegas. We stayed 2 days at Sam's Town, and 2 days at the Boulder Station. Check in was a breeze, we requested non-smoking. We were EXTREMELY disappointed when we arrived to our room. Although it was a 'non-smoking' room, the cigarette smoke was unbearable. The entire room reeked of smoke so bad that we requested another room and it was worst than the previous! You could smell the smoke even in the sheets, towels, and pillows!!! This was our worst stay of any prior visits to Las Vegas. We ate at the steakhouse, it was okay but slow service. Also, we did not know until we arrived that the mexican restaurant closes on Monday and Tuesday. The casino is really designed to attract locals. Sam's Town has more video poker and keno games rather than table or slot machines. And oh my, after being in the casino for only three minutes, my eyes were bloodshot red from the smoke. We wished we were back at the Boulder Station, but our room was pre-paid via internet. If you get the chance, do stay at the Boulder Station. Smoke is only a factor in the casino. The mexican restaurant is the best with $1.50 margaritas!!! they also have several other restaurants including Starbucks, burger king, subway, tcby, and china express to name a few.The service was excellent also.	
Apr 20 2004	Family of 5 review	We just got back from Vegas visiting my parents - My husband and I and our 3 kids 13, 11 and 6. We had a wonderful time - Check in was great - the room was clean and the staff were awsome. The pool was great and the restruants were perfect for us. There was always something for everyone. I did not do much gambling but my husband did really good. I will be back soon... I liked being off the strip - it was much more comfortable (we did have our own car that helped)	
Apr 18 2004	Great Room Great Price Great Service!!!	We stayed at Sam's Town April 13-16 and loved it. The room was great with a great mattress (we both have back problems). We loved the waterfall and the laser show with the fountains at night. You can't smell the smoke on the non-smoking floor like some hotels. We will definitely go back. There are a few drawbacks at Sam's Town. It's 6 miles from the Strip and about 4-5 miles from downtown. The TV was a small 21 inch. The water pressure was low in the mornings. We weren't there to stay in the room and watch TV anyway but a 27 inch TV would have been nice. The room comes with a hair dryer, iron and ironing board which is good. Once day the iron stopped working and they were there in just a few minutes with a new iron. Another day we asked for two extra pillows and they came within a couple of minutes. The service is great. The buffet was so-so. Ate there the first night but never went back. Ate at the coffee shop and the steak &amp; eggs was $3.99 and it was so-so. What you pay is pay you get on that one but for $3.99 you don't go wrong.	
Mar 25 2004	Good service and value	Sam's Town definitely deserves it's good reputation. Check-in was a breeze taking only about a minute. (The night before at a 4-Star Hotel in Downtown Las Vegas it took more than an hour to check in due to reservation problems even though the room was already paid for and I had confirmation papers). Sam's town courtyard was bright and cheery. The room was clean with a nice view of the falls. Parking is easy and there were a number of choices for meals. The only problem was that in the morning the hot water was just luke warm so it was a little cold taking a shower. Overall a good value.	
Mar 24 2004	Surprising comps	We stayed at Sams Town Sept. 2003 for 2 nights on the recommendation of friends after staying at another hotel for in Henderson for 7 nights. The hotel is very nice and the casino was decent. We found the staff to be very unfriendly though. We paid for a late check-out (3pm) and I was disturbed by 2 ladies from housekeeping from noon until we left.....even though we had the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign on the door.....they walked right on in. When we complained at the desk at checkout, they were very rude and made excuses and proceeded to charge us for the late check-out, $25 for 3 hours. But since, we have received offers of 2 free nights stay every month. We haven't had any offers from the hotel/casino in Henderson that we stayed at for 7 nights .... and spent a lot more money at.	
Mar 17 2004	Loved the light show with the wolf!!	Loved Sam's Town due to its being different from the rest - a different theme, not too over the top. Best hotel off the strip. We stayed at Sahara on arriving in Vegas, then toured seeing Hoover Dam, Grand Canyon, and Arizona desert before returning to Vegas for 2 days before our flight to San Francisco. Sam's Town was wonderful, by far the best hotel we stayed in the whole of our trip and we would definitely return to Vegas and stay there. Courteous staff, excellent food and drink and amazing light show with the wolf and bear and laser lights - could not fault it at all.	
Mar 13 2004	Overrated Sam's Town	Found Sam's Town to be highly overrated from from previous reviews.  Not much action from slots.  The buffet was the worst of six that was visited. very poor selection and very poor quality of food.  Serving area and dining area were both very dirty.	
Mar 12 2004	Sam's Town is awesome!	My husband and I go to Las Vegas quite often and we always stay at Sam's Town. It's a great hotel. The rooms are spacious and clean. The casino is nice and the entertainment at the bar is always good. The machines are usually pretty loose, compared to the casinos on the strip (which always seem impossible to win on). It's a great locals casino which is what draws us to it and it doesn't seem too big and overwhelming like some of the casinos on the strip. It has a very laid back feeling to it.	
Feb 18 2004	The best little thing off the Strip	After deciding to meet friends in Vegas, we came to the unpleasant realization that it was not only Valentine's Day weekend, but also President's Day--and the prices just about everywhere reflected that. So while trying to hunt down a good deal we stumbled across Sam's Town. What luck! This place far exceeded our expectations. For a very reasonable holiday-weekend rate ($125 Friday and Saturday, compared to $180 on the Strip), we got a clean, comfortable, newly decorated room, our pick of a dozen restaurants of various price ranges, and a damn good time at the friendly (albeit smallish) casino. A few things to keep in mind, though: first, the comps aren't as good there as they were in days past; .1% cash back is less than a third of what you'll get most places on the strip (less than a sixth if you're playing slots!). The video poker didn't seem to be as great as advertised, either; while there were TONS of machines, we didn't find any that appeared to be full-pay (in our limited experience). But the cocktail service was unusually attentive, so that almost made up for it--even with the tiny little servings they bring you. As others have said, the Atrium is a nice way to relax and escape from the bustle of the casino. Sure, the crowd's a bit more, ah, seasoned than on the strip, but if you're looking to see and be seen you wouldn't consider Sam's Town anyway. For the rest of us, it's a one-stop location for gambling and relaxation. Oh, one more thing, though: Be warned that the shuttle to the strip takes a LONG time, and it doesn't run all that frequently. Still, unless you're dying for the madness of the strip, you won't want to leave anyway.	
Feb 14 2004	Best secret In VEGAS!	I Just got back from Vegas. It was Feb6 to 8. I'm in my early 20's and from Cali. My hotel was really the Four Queens and that was a nightmare...there's nothing there and the hotel is the worst. I ended up at Sam's Town because all my friends were staying there. When you walk in it's beautiful. The dealers are So NICE. I had the best time gambling and won a nice chunk of change. They have a italian place inside the hotel to eat and it seems fancy but it was great prices and wonderful food and people were great. My boyfriend and I enjoyed it so much that we talked all of our friends into eating there too and now they can't stop talking about it. I've been to Vegas many times and must say that Sam's town is the BEST! I did not miss the life of the strip once while I was there. I love Love Love it and I will go back to only there. I can't say enough about it.	
Feb 12 2004	Sam's Town Fun	I stayed at Sams Town in Aug, 2003, and enjoyed 3 days with friends. We just Loved the stay, and the Atrium was fabulous. We are all returning in March for our 3rd Annual Band reunion. Am getting excited.....great restaurants, gaming, and excellent service. Highly Recommended!!!	
Jan 26 2004	Great Place off the Strip!	Anytime I go to Vegas, which is about every couple months, I always visit Sam's Town, and have stayed there in the past..enjoy the atrium, the friendly service...The best thing they have going is their great buffet and the shuttle service to the strip and downtown..their slots are loose..pool is rather small, but the rooms are great...	
Jan 14 2004	Excellent Hotel 		
Jan 5 2004	Absolutely LOVE Sam's Town!!!		
Nov 16 2003	i will come again		
Oct 26 2003	Sam's Town is a great value		
Sep 17 2003	What a Bargain!		
Aug 23 2003	Recommend		
Aug 6 2003	Best Deal in Vegas		
May 15 2003	A Hidden Treasure!		
Jan 18 2003	Sams Town is Fun Town		
Jul 26 2009 	Top Preis/Leistung		
May 31 2009 	Locals Casino		
Sep 18 2007 	excellent		
Aug 28 2007	excellent rapport qté/prix		
Aug 27 2007 	Ottimo rapporto qualità prezzo		
