Jul 8 2009 	Yucky but cheap	Memorial Day Weekend I found overated motels with inflated prices. I settled on this one and saved about $40 per night. The room was just OK. The pool was great on a hot day. Cigarette smoke was real bad in the hall. We were busy that weekend so only used this just to clean up &amp; sleep. My daughter &amp; her hubby have returned 3 times to Vegas &amp; now stay here each time. They can afford better, but choose to save when they can.	
Jul 3 2009 	OLDER HOTEL NEEDS WORK BUT TOLERABLE!	This hotel is one of the older hotels. It is in need of repairs, most definitely. (Especially) the air conditioning units. . It isn't the best hotel in Vegas, But it isn't the worse either.. I have stayed in a lot worse.. One really good thing about it is, it is connected to a small casino which is a lot of fun, and employees are really friendly, and they have the &quot;Best&quot; and I mean the &quot;best&quot; small cafe there.. If you like real home cooked food at a decent price, then this is the place for you to eat.I give the restaurant a ( 10 ) !!!	
Jul 4 2008 	Decent place a little off the beaten path	We stayed at this location on our way to San Diego. We have five children ranging in age from almost 10 to almost 9 months, and we couldn't find any reasonably-priced properties near the Strip that will take a family our size in one room, even though the youngest two don't even sleep in a bed yet. However, this property was more than happy to accommodate us, which we really appreciated.The property itself is a little older, but, overall, it is clean and in good shape. I don't know if all Super 8's are like this, but you access your room on the inside of the building, so you can use an elevator if you're not on the first floor. With all the luggage we had, we were very grateful for the elevator and the trolley the property provides for guests to use. The two double-bed room we booked was large and fairly nice, and the closet fit most of our luggage. The entire floor we stayed on was smoke-free, so there was no residual cigarette smoke wafting into our room every time the door was opened. The place just smelled nice and fresh. A simple breakfast is provided in the morning, and there is a nice, clean pool on the property, but we didn't have time to use it.There is a casino attached to the property, so the lobby and the parking lot smell heavily of cigarette smoke, especially at night, although you don't have to stay very long in those areas if you don't want to. The property is out on the Boulder Highway, so it's a little out of our way, but it was worth it for us. It is a lot quieter out there than it would have been on the Strip. The price was amazing, they took our whole family, we got a decent rest. Overall, our experience was fine.	
Mar 2 2008 	What a place!	This was the only place with a vacancy in Vegas, so I didn't expect much. And thats exactly what I got. I noticed that one reviewer said that her husband was approached by a hooker...and this is that kind of place. Cigarette smell in NS room....check Weird geriatric smell in room....checkI even slept with my pants under my pillow so I wouldn't get robbed!! All these negatives aside, I had a positive experience. The casino is very close, and is a refreshing albeit seedy change from the overpriced 'Strip'. The restaraunt was super cheap, and the food very good. Since this was that last place in town...my wife and I stayed in one room with two other guys...and no one batted an eye...three guys and one girl in a room is apparently more common in this hotel than some others!!	
Jan 5 2008	Are Vegas motels really this sleazy?	I arrived without a room on the evening of Dec 30th. I've had good experiences at Super 8s elsewhere in the country, so I thought I'd try this one. As others have noted, the odor of cigarette smoke slams you as soon as you enter the lobby. It persists in the elevator and hallways as well (even on the fourth floor). The room was $116, the most I've ever paid in my life. While the room was okay, everything worked, etc., the hotel itself can only be characterized as sleazy. Not just the odors, but the general disorder of the public areas, the couple having very loud sex in the room immediately off the elevator, the battered room doors (yes, it looks like every one had been kicked angrily). I actually feared I'd come across used needles or condoms. To top it off, there was no breakfast the next morning. All this for over $100. Perhaps this is all just Vegas, but I don't plan to ever return to find out.	
Apr 17 2007 	Calling it a dump is a compliment	We booked the hotel on-line thinking it would be like a regular Super 8 but it was awful.Lobby smelled like smoke - elevator shabby with a warning sign to stay away from the door as the door can open unexpectedly. A prostitute approached my husband in the elevator. 'Continental' breakfast consisted of a few bottles of juice, some cereal and milk.Our room had broken furniture. Sheets and carpet were stained. TV was teeny tiny and had no remote (we later found it behind the nightstand amongst dust bunnies and a collection of dirt and grime).That night, we took the kids out to the pool. Some guy attempted to lure our teenage children to his room (couldn't see us where we were sitting). A hot dog was floating in the swimming pool.And icing on the cake was when my husband found someone's ID stuffed amongst the hotel brochures. What happened to him - who knows - maybe he was one of the stains on the carpet.A total and complete hole. Super 8 should be ashamed to have their name attached to this hotel. yuck!!!	
May 29 2006	A dump for sure but if its all there is and you don't need much it may work.	I would never stay here by choice if I were looking for a vacation room (to give you an idea of my lodging tastes, I often prefer places such as Springhill Suites or Hilton Garden Inn for nice accomodations at a good value, and on occasion stay at very upscale hotels if a value rate can be found (Royal Palms, etc.)), but this Super 8 served our purpose on a return from a backpacking trip in Utah before a 6:45 am flight out of Las Vegas. Bear in mind as you read this, we were three guys who had been sleeping on the ground in canyons for four nights -- I would not consider this hotel at all if I were with my family.As it was Memorial Day, this was the only place we could find to stay, without spending a fortune for very last available suites and rooms at a few nice places. We paid $100, a bargain compared to other quoted prices. The front desk staff was courteous enough. Our room was on the first floor located about 6-7 doors away from the lobby and their run down, depressing casino. The smell of mildew and must will hit you as you walk the hall, but our room actually did not smell much of mildew (some cigarette smoke came in at times - I hate smoke, but it was bearable, if that gives any insight to the amount coming in). To the eye, the room was visibly clean, as were the towels. Don't know about the comforter, as I pulled it off the bed (doubt they ever clean those), but the sheets appeared to be clean (slept in long pants and socks, nonetheless, to be on the safe side). Toilet had a flush problem, but we quickly fixed it oursevles by tinkering with the flush rod. Shower was clean, but a portion of wall in shower looked damaged. The room had no alarm clock, but they provided a wake up call on our request. TV worked fine, but remote was broken. Pull rod on curtain was broken. Several people appeared to be enjoying the small pool in the front of the hotel. Didn't feel safe enough to keep anything in the car, but don't know that I would anywhere in Vegas. On the other hand, if it gives you a bit more of an idea about the place, I did in fact wonder aloud whether it would be safer to leave our stuff in the car or the room as we left to hit The Strip for a few hours -- but I felt it was okay to leave it in the room and we had no problem at all.This Super 8 is in what appeared to be an okay part of town, very near to Sam's Town Casino on Boulder Highway on the east side of town just north of Henderson. We were only 10-15 min. from the airport, with only two turns to get there. Likewise, only about 15 min from The Strip (not including the 10 min for the last block, which we would have encountered coming from any lodging off The Strip.All in all, this is certainly a dump and you should look elsewhere if you have choices, but we needed a shower and a bed for a few hours and had few options, and this worked out well enough for us.	
Mar 12 2006	Total Dump - Not worth the Low Price	Because NASCAR was in town, I could only locate a room with this motel on Boulder Highway in Las Vegas, NV. The low price wasn't worth the stay. The lobby was connected to a small casino with total rif-raft. It smelt of cigarettes and bad liquor. Had trouble checking in because the front desk required a $100 deposit if you paid cash. She told me that people as a rule will trash the room! Because I had a early morning flight, she finally relented and allowed me to stay with no deposit (I was her day off when I left anyways). The hallway was totally unkept. The door to my room was obviously kicked in before. The rooms had no alarm clocks, no ironing board/iron, and no other ammenities. I wore my socks to aviod touching the carpet or floor of the bathroom. The bed was clean because I took it apart to ensure it wasn't dirty. Towels were also clean. In all this place is not worth the low price they charged.	
Feb 28 2006	Completely disgusting	This was the most horrible hotel I've ever been in. Whole lobby and first floor smelled of cigarette smoke. Room was old, run down and moldy and musty smelling. Curtains were falling off the rod, A/C unit was damaged, bathtub wall was cracked and filled with dirt. Asked for another room which smelled so bad of mold and mildew it hit you when you opened the door. Left that night, didn't stay.	
Jun 7 2005	Rated D for Dump	This Super 8 was run down compared to other super 8's we stayed at. The room was repainted however, there was paint splatters on the ceiling, the bathroom door knob was hanging loose, there was a tear and cigarette burns on the comforter, there were three flimsy pillows and we had to bunch them together to be comfortable and the tv stand squeaked when we walked near it. The hallway smelled like smoke and the elevator was poorly maintained.	
Jan 22 2005	Not Bad	Not the classiest place in the world but it was quiet--no screaming kids or fighting couples waking you up in the middle of the night. Price was great and they have a nice little restaurant. Have gone a few times and never had any problems.Not close to the strip but close to 3-4 casinos on Boulder Highway.Definitely a good economy hotel.	
