Nov 24 2009 	I am sorry I could not stay longer	We had a short, but very relaxing stay, good price and location, quiet, clean, wifi, walking distance to get food or others, employees and specially Autum was very helpfull and nice with us.	
Nov 23 2009 	Never again	We arrived at 4pm and the lady at the FrontDesk told us that the rooms are not yet ready and the check in time of 3pm doesn't mean that they have to provide the rooms by 3pm. Finally we got one room (booked two) at 4:30pm and another one around 7pm. If you want a hotel with stinking carpets, noisy flush and rude staff then this is the one for you.	
Nov 22 2009 	Life Savers	I was in a bind, while on business in Las Vegas, NV, and I found Crestwood Suites to be a &quot;Life Saver&quot;! The rooms were clean and I found the small kitchen to help out tremendously. Location is perfect, near airport and across the street from Las Vegas outlets with affordable shopping, also right down the street from town square and the strip. Staff was extremely friendly and courteous, the service was prompt and if in any problems, just relay your issues to the front desk and they will do their best to work with you to resolve them, even if personal	
Nov 17 2009 	Warm and kind staff - clean and welcoming rooms.	Upon entering the hotel lobby - I was impressed by how clean the hotel was and the very warm and friendly staff [ Ms. Dorothy &amp; Autum].They went out of their way to be accommodating [prices were off the hook - especially for the service and niceness of the accommodations]. The beds and pillows are very soft and welcoming and the maid service was and is always right on time.I will always stay here on my visits to Vegas.	
Nov 11 2009 	Great amenities at a gargain price	This was my second time staying at this hotel. I like havng all the nice amenities, such as full-size frig, stove, microwave oven, toaster, and even real plates, spoons, forks, mugs, etc. On top of that you get free wireless internet access! Having all that along with a bargain price makes it my choice.	
Nov 1 2009 	Autum	Very nice.Very attentive.Makes me feel like a VIP!	
Oct 4 2009 	Do you want a great value with exceptional service	Stumbled upon a diamond in the ruogh that is a &quot;Suite&quot; deal. Expecting a moderate place and received a wonderful experience. I highly recommend this place to one and all. The rooms are clean and comfortable minutes from the airport and strip. SERVICE; The staff went out of their way to meet my ever need.  Thank You Autumn and Joseph.	
Sep 29 2009 	What a great place to stay on a budget	We stayed at some good, some bad and some ugly........I have to say Crestwood Suites on Las VEgas Blvd is the 1st part of that. THE GOOD......Dot and her staff are doing it right! Regardless of what you need they will make it happen or try every way they can until it does. Autumn, Brenda, Lisa, and Theresa keep up the good work.......and Dot words cannot express what she does for guests beyond the call of DUTY! My family was ill during our stay and she and Brenda and Autumn made sure to see if we needed anything. YOU CANT GET BETTER THAN THAT! ! These gals are doing their thing! 5 STARS from us! KUDOS WITH A High 5 ! ! !	
Sep 22 2009 	The Cream of the Crema Crestwood Suite.	This Hotel is the best .Dollar for dollar! The room are very clean &amp; the staff are very proffesional. And very helpful. Special thanx to Autumn Who was so helpful in faxing my documents. All of you are out standing. From Antonio Roman,	
Sep 21 2009 	Great for the price!	Not the cleanest OR most updated, but the staff was GREAT and the price was amazing. I would HIGHLY recommend this place to people on a budget that want to be within 2 miles of all the craziness on the strip!!!	
Sep 20 2009 	suprising really great hotel near the strip quiet and family friendly	If your are smart enough the stay there ask for Autumn, Very polite with the southern hospitality.She was helpful with travel arrangments, places to eat and all sorts of cool ideas when it comes to making it to the strip, &quot;the best Ways around traffic and eazing through the city. She the best look her up!!!!!!	
Sep 20 2009 	Are stay here at crestwood suites was grate it felt like home for my whole family	Let's start with the front desk fast service very perfetional the price was wonderful the reseptionist was very frendly and then are room is very much spatious and the bed was so comfy and very clean the pool was fabulas all my family was very pleased with are stay here I do recomend any one to stay here it's wonderful	
Sep 19 2009	One of my faves in Vegas!! Crestwood Suites should be a BEST Value	For the amount you pay on average, you won't find a better place to stay. Although it's not a casino hotel, its close enough to everything and offers a very fair rate even on weekends. The rooms are comortable and the staff very friendly. I've stayed in almost all Vegas hotels, why stay for more and get less? That's why I stay here!	
Sep 9 2009 	Stayed In Many 3 to 5 Stars Hotels/Casinos And That Is Just What They Were But Here They Make You Feel At Home!	Because of the 1st time when you walk through the door you are greeted not just with a smile &quot;BUT AN AWESOME staff that really cares! But yet PROFESSIONALS!	
Sep 8 2009 	Best Customer Service ever!	We stayed in a suite (hence the hotel's name) for the weekend only. We flew in and did not rent a car. Our flights were late in the afternoon on Monday and check out is at 11am so we had no place to hold our luggage (that we knew of) until our flight in the time between 11 and 5pm. So we asked the manager behind the counter if we could somehow old them there. She said that there wasn't enough room behind the counter so she held them in her own personal residence for us. That was just unbelievable. It made our last day in Las Vegas so stress free and fun! We are all so grateful for Dot's, and the rest of her team's commitment to customer service!	
Apr 22 2009 	Dear God!	Do you like hashbrowns? Then check your bed because they come free in selected rooms. The showerhead EXPLODED, flooding the bathroom. As the water was flailing wildly, I found myself extremely irritated, especially when my flooded bathroom smelled and felt like it was like a steamy Costa Rican lagoon. I also found myself sharing a bed with someone since the hotel was OVERBOOKED for the 2 queen rooms. And the refrigerator? The motor purrs like a cat that was mangled in a John Deere tractor. The best had to be the smoke alarm that was chirping (Even with the battery disconnected). Not to mention, the location exposes you to massive amounts of traffic if you are trying to get to Henderson or The Strip. I highly regret not sleeping in the vacant scrub brush lot across the street. The vacant lot was likely quieter, drier, and friendlier than Dong the bellboy, who leisurely agreed to EVENTUALLY fix the smoke alarm. Oh, did I mention the rank smell? Trust me, the high humidity from all that water made it alot worse.	
Apr 7 2009 	Lousy customer service	I stayed at the Crestwood for its price, easy and close access to Las Vegas Strip's attractions. When I checked in to get my &quot;guaranteed 2 queen bed room&quot;, I was told there were none left and all I could have was a single queen and a pullout couch/bed. Well, I agreed to it thinking it can't be that bad and not wanting to look for another hotel on the fly. First off, when we got back at midnight, I found no sheets or pillows for the couch/bed. When I called the the front desk to ask for bedding, the lady on the other end said I would have to come down and get them, that she couldn't deliver them. Before I went down, I dicovered the pullout bed was broken and couldn't be slept on as it looked like a rollercoaster! The rather rude female night manager bellowed, &quot;I can't give you another room&quot; when I asked and wouldn't answer me when I asked if the hotel was full and she didn't seem to care when I said I would have to sleep on the floor because of the broken bed. To make matters worse, when I returned to my room, I found it impossible to put the bed back in the couch! So, my night included sleeping on the mattress on the floor underneath a semi folded bed jutting out of the couch. I was so disgusted I didn't even bother telling the manager the next morning but juts put the keys on the desk and told him I had a lousy night! I won't be back!	
Sep 12 2008 	Ghastly	Stayed for 1 night in late August with my wife and an 11 year old daughter. Location was at a corner of two loud, busy avenues. Worst stay ever. I’d like to give this place a minus five star, if possible. The room was old. Appearance of a 70’s room. Cheap construction material used such as thin walls (I can hear people in the next room speaking and in the hallway walking &amp; running), skimpy doors, light aluminum door knobs, plastic tiny bath units, loud A/C, low water pressure toilets, etc. The mattress was lumpy. The sofa area was about 4 feet by 5 feet and crowded with a fridge. One has to crane over to watch TV which was placed on a credenza in the ‘bedroom’ section. It is not a suite as you would imagine staying at a Marriot Courtyard. The room was so small there was hardly any place to walk, let alone to put your suitcases.In the hallway, there was a woman walking dressed like a prostitute with 3 inch high heels and fishnet leotard. I wouldn’t be surprised if she was one.The room reeked of cigarette smoke although I paid for a non-smoking room. It smelled so bad, after two weeks upon returning from my trip, my bedroom closet at home where I keep my suitcase, still smells of noxious cigarette fumes.I asked the front desk staff to be transferred but was told the lodge was completely full. Her tone was, ‘Just shut up and leave me alone. You can complain all you want but it won’t help.’She promised to bring an air refreshner machine to the room. She never brought it. As I was checking out the following morning, she explained that she was busy and that it was my fault that I did not come to the front desk to pick it up.Her boss was out and she was the only one working when checking out. She declined to give me her name. When I asked for her boss’s name, she ignored me and told me to leave.Perfect for you if you smoke, want a place to crash from 11pm till 5am and favor cheap dirty, loud place. There are many alternatives. No other place is worse than this dump.	
Aug 25 2008 	Great location if you want to stay away from the strip	Great front-desk customer service! They allowed us to check-in early. The best part of the hotel is how near it is to the airport, outlet mall shopping, restaurants and the car rental return. This is also a great place to stay to save money because they have full kitchens, stove and full sized fridge included! The room is big, with comfortable beds and pillows, nice, strong Wi-Fi signal and large bathrooms. My biggest complaint - because I am a non-smoker - is how strong the smell of smoke is in the rooms even though we were in a non-smoking room. I think the smell is coming from the hallway (possibly from other smoking rooms) and comes in through the rather large gap between the floor and the door of our room. To remedy this - I got some towels from the bathroom and stuffed it under the door gap and the floor - wala! no more smoke smell. Also, a few but not all of the complaints that are mentioned about this hotel are petty and could be avoided if people are prepared and do their research first. My two cents - if you want a first class/five star experience - pay the money and stay at a first class/five star hotel.	
Aug 11 2008 	OKAY . . . .	For the price it is another place to stay. It was clean - we got a smoking room and requested non-smoking and could not get it switched. It was quiet and off the beaten path. Would have preferred King size bed.	
Jul 19 2008 	Very nice hotel	This is very good hotel:1, Free WIFI,2, Clean Hotel3, Full size Refrigerator, Full size Stove, Micro-oven4, Good price5, Just 5 mins walk to Outlet Las Vegas	
May 28 2008 	Great for the money	Just back from a fortnight at this place. No major cons (had to buy additional coathangers). If you want a clean, cheap place with cooking facilities, handy for shopping and Airport, then this is for you.I paid around $55 a night for a two week stayIt isn't strictly in the heart of the action, but there's a strip bus available outside the door ( $2 per trip)	
Apr 5 2008	Forget this place	Crestwood Suites - Las Vegas Blvd.March 28-31, 2008Our stay here did not start out very well, we made reservation through their website. We received a confirmations from them. When we arrived in Vegas they had no reservations for us, Even though we had a valid confirmation number. The internet number is different than their reservation number. We were told that we should have CONTACTED Crestwood Suites in Vegas direct to make sure they had a reservation for us. We have never had to do that in all our many reservations we have made on the internet. Then the discription of the room we reserved stated that it had a well-lit kitchen talbe/work area (HA), a comfortable well-lit living area (WHERE). We expected it to be like other suites we have stayed in. To our surprize we got a counter with 1 chair. The living room chair was in the way. They would have moved us latter but that woud have been a major chore. The room could be bearable if only one person was staying in it and you were in the room very little. We feel that their advertising is not true to what they offer. To get what we had thought we were getting you would have to reserve a Deluxe Suite. I could go on about other things, but will not. Bottom line is we will NOT STAY AT THIS PLACE ever again. Even though it is close to family and that is the only reason we go to Vegas.	
Feb 23 2008 	Convenient for the price H	If you are looking to pay the high price to stay on the strip with no room amenities such as a microwave, coffee pot, refrigerator then Crestwood Suites is not for you. It was wonderful to have the ability to cook, heat and refrigerate food on the spot without having to move our bodies and car everytime we wanted to eat. Management statting has changed in the last year for the positive and it is evident. Staff was friendly, I mentioned some of the negative reviews to the staff and they admitted that many of the negative comments about the property were true, but in the past 12 months new management has cleaned house. Great location to McCarran Airport . We were too pleased that the new McCarran Airport Rental center for &quot;all rental cars&quot; is literally 2 blocks away. Across the street is the Las Vegas Premium Outlet Mall with 2 food courts,100 stores with more coming ( construction underway). Also on the same grounds with the Outlet Mall are numerous name restaurants, fast food outlets, gas stations. Grocery store is about 2 blocks south of hotel-convenient to stock your room. Yes, the room lacks ambience and the furniture and carpet are due for a change, but it was clean, quaint and for $79.99 AAA rate per night, it was ample. This is very convenient to the strip. Just drive N on Las Vegas Blvd about 5 minutes.	
Aug 28 2007 	Average the strip is obviously nicer.	This place was decent enough. If you have a car with you then this place is a decent option because you can just drive to the strip and park at the big casino's for free. Its a bit south of the airport on the Las Vegas Blvd. I'm not sure if this is a Las Vegas thing or not but when the toilet is flushed it sounds like its going to rip itself right down through the floor. The whole room shook when it was flushed. I noticed something similar at the Luxor too. The front desk staff were fine.Pros:- Price- Convenient location (with car)- Clean- Suite style room- Password protected Wi-FiCons: - Strange smell of cleaner when you first enter the room- Smaller room- Super loud toilet	
Jun 10 2007 	Not that bad for the price!	I stayed here with a friend one night and it wasn't as bad as some of these reviews make it sound. The staffing wasn't all that bad in my opinion. They did refuse to call a cab for us though which I thought was strange. The room was decent. It was clean. I didn't smell any bad odors like some of the reviews say. Overall, it was very average.	
May 25 2007 	Don't Waste Your Money	ON 5/07 i arrived @ the hotel to check in and was flatly told 3pm is check in no earlier. When i was able to finally check in i asked for the top floor and was refused and told to check back later so i did around 5pm and the night person told me that there was nothing available on the 3rd floor and i asked has everyone checked in he said no because they have pre assigned the rooms. The room i was in for 7 nights because of work smelled actually the whole hotel smelled of smoke and there is no smoking in the halls. The next morning i asked the clerk to please call me a cab and said no we do not call cabs for people i then asked for a room clean and was told my room would be cleaned on a certain day of the week i had allready been there 3 nights so in the 7 night stay my room was on cleaned once and it was not cleaned until 6pm and when i asked why so late i was rudely told because they had 11 checkouts that day. When i looked to see what they cleaned it was nothing i also found dried BLOOD on the counter i called the front desk and was told clean it myself. On the 4th day i asked housekeeping for new towels and was told to get them from the front desk so i went down there and they told me to go back and bring the dirty ones down before i can get clean ones.All in All the staff is very RUDE not friendly and could'nt care less about the guests at all and from what i saw its 1 big party for the staff they were allways on their cell phones or had friends that looked like they were in GANGS over, loud talking . housekeeping people had rap music turned up loud so that we had to turn the tv's up. It was a horrible stay. I WILL NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1	
Apr 16 2007 	Loved It	My family and I stayed at the Crestwood Suites Las Vegas Boulevard from 24/03/2007-13/04/2007. The two bedroom suite was large,bright and clean. The staff were very friendly,helpful and willing to help you if help was needed (ie. get you clean towels in the middle of the night). We plan on visiting Las Vegas again next year and would definately stay at the Crestwood Suites Las Vegas Boulevard again. The Crestwood Suites are situated just south of the Mandalay Bay Hotel on the strip but within walking distance of restaurants,shops etc. I would definately recommend staying here to anyone visiting Las Vegas.	
Mar 3 2007 	Horrid smell	The staff was not very friendly. Wanted some extra blankets and pillows and they absolutely refused to give us any.Gave us a room that slept 4, although we told them we were 6.Finally called back and said they could give us a room that sleeps 6 for an extra fee.The smell was awful. We kept spraying the room with perfume just to help deal with the odor.	
Feb 21 2007 	Ghetto	the Crestwood Suites on Las Vegas Blvd is a terrible place to be. As soon as you walk into the hotel lobby of the it reek an odor unimaginable, just sickening. Check-in is for 3:00pm and our room was still not ready when we arrived at 6:00. An hour later the room was finally ready. The room we ended up with was a smoking room. It was disgusting but we can live with that. What we couldn't live with was the mess left in the bathroom. The counter top had water marks which obviously meant it was not properly wiped down and the sink still had dirt on it. We tried to clean the sink but that didn't do us any good because the damn sink was clogged! There's only one explanation for why the sink looked the way it did, they simply didn't clean it. The bathroom floor was filthy, obviously it was not mopped and the carpet hasn't experienced a vacuum in decades. It's a known fact that hotel bed covers are not usually washed every time a guest checks-out. But if the cover starts to show stains and discoloration of unknown matters, it's a really good indication that it's time to give it a wash. We threw those things right off the bed and left it in the corner of the room. I have chills just thinking about it. I bet when we checked out those nasty bed covers were placed right back on the bed as if they were good as new. ICK!In order to get fresh towels you have to trade in your used towels at the lobby. When I tried to trade our used towels for some fresh ones, they didn't have any fresh ones to give. Apparently, they were all still being washed. What kind of an establishment runs out of towels? Obviously, one that doesn't know what the hell they are doing. The receptionist said it could take up to 5 minutes to get new ones from the laundry room and she would bring them up to our room when they are ready. We waited nearly 30 minutes for new ones and still no towels. We decided to find the laundry room ourselves and finally got some towels. On our way back to our room we were stopped and interrogated by one of the employees about the towels we were carrying back to our room. They asked where we were going with them and where we got them. For crying out loud it's just towels. If I could wipe myself down with toilet paper after taking a shower I would just to avoid having gone through that kind of questioning in the hallway over towels. Check-out time. There was a courtesy knock on the door to remind us that check-out is at 11:00. We acknowledged this and started to prepare ourselves for check out and ran a little behind schedule. An hour later there was banging on the door. This time the courtesy knock sounded more of a threat to get the hell out of there. The cleaning lady with the missing front teeth was irate and started to yell at us. Her demeanor was unprofessional and her tone was not pleasant. I could not believe she thought it was ok to talk to people let alone customers the way she did. She was nasty, she looked nasty and her attitude put her over the edge of the disgusting meter. Was it really that serious for her to act the way she did because we were a measly hour behind check-out time? Get a life, if not beg borrow and steal if you have to. Overall the Crestwood Suites on Las Vegas Blvd. is the worse hotel we've ever stayed at. The room was extremely disgusting. The ambience needs serious remodeling and cleanliness is obviously not a priority. The employees were a joke and could use some serious training in customer service. Not only were the staff unprofessional but looked the part as well. What rat hole did they hire these people from? Unbelievably GHETTO!	
Sep 20 2004	Unexpected Surprise!!!	After a long day of sightseeing in Arizona, we arrived late on a Saturday night last May at the Hearthside on South Las Vegas Blvd - around 11:00pm. We were very tired and looking forward to getting our room. To our suprise, the front desk clerks were not happy to see us. I gave them my reservation number that I received from Hotels.com. One of the clerks looked at her computer and said, &quot;Nope, no record of your reservation (silence).&quot; Both clerks gave us that look like we were pulling some type of scam, since most of the hotels that night were booked up. I finally convienced them that we had a valid reservation, and they &quot;relented&quot; and gave us a room. &quot;You're very lucky,&quot; the clerk said. The room was clean and somewhat modern with a complete kitchen. Nothing fancy, but enough for our needs. The next morning while trying to enjoy my breakfast, I received a call at 10:00am from the front desk. The clerk told me that check out time was at 11:00am. Gee, I would have never had known. I was told this multiple times the night before at the front desk; it showed the check out time on the key card folder; and there was a nice big sign on the back of the front door that said, &quot;CHECK OUT TIME IS AT 11:00AM.&quot; If you're looking for basic lodging at a reasonable price, check out the Hearthside. And if you're &quot;lucky,&quot; you'll meet some of the unfriendly front desk clerks! &quot;Vegas - What happens here - Is told all over the world!&quot;	
Apr 25 2004	Please don't stay here...you'll be sorry!	I stayed at the hearthside on flamingo rd in Las Vegas for two nights , the room was not clean at check-in time 3pm. It was just made to appear clean, The sheets had not been changed,and when I asked for clean ones I was told they were recylcing them,and there would not be clean ones till 9pm. when they came we had to make up our own beds,the bathroom floor was not clean there was no waste basket, or clean towels.Take my advice.....Please don't stay here...and you know like all of corparate America....they don't care about the customer,or we would'nt be pumping our own gas, scanning our grocercies...and now, doing our own maid work at the hotels we stay at they take us for a lot of sheep.	
Sep 22 2003	A very budget hotel with no frills	This hotel caters to extended stay crowd that are on a very tight budget. Some guests have rented rooms for months at a time and call it home. The hotel is a good 2 miles south of Mandalay Bay and if you have a car it's not too bad to get around. If you are planning on staying here please note that the hotel only provides minimal room supplies. The kitchenette has a coffee maker, 1 pan and a place setting for 2- nothing else, not even soap to do dishes. Bathrooms have only a bar of soap and 2 towels. They do not provide any extra towels or amenities. My room was basic but bedding had cigerate burns in it. I heard children running in the halls quite often as well as rather load nieghbors. All in all it was an ok stay but would rather spend a few dollars more for something a bit nicer.	
