Aug 29 2009 	Horrid	I have read some of the other reviews. All I can say is that I don't know how this place is allowed to stay operating. First day...our unit had dirty filthy carpet so bad, it blackened the bottom of our feet when we took our shoes off and walked on it...reported it but it was never cleaned. Bug bites on my body...mal-functioning air conditioner which they took forever to look at. And even then, it was never fixed properly...and of course, roaches. Over crowed rooms with an access of people. Children running, yelling and screaminbg up and down the walkways until almost 11:00 p.m. Spas are empty and not working. If you tell the office staff, you get that blank stare as if you're speaking a foreign language. I asked to speak to the manager...was told she was in a meeting...was told that she would call me. She never did. Oh, and there are no REFUNDS! It's not worth saving a few bucks. Like they say, you get what you pay for.	
Jun 3 2009 	Dirty Bugs Not for the Faint of Heart!	What a Horrible Place! From the moment you enter the room, you start to see and smell that things are not right. Rooms are wiped down at best, dirty is all the rest. All rooms smell, stink. Repairs are superficial and evident (you cant paint over a hole, or can you?) Within a day of your stay, you will be greeted by Roaches and BedBugs! I'm not sure I would want to put my food in this or that cabinet. Noisy, they let kids play everywhere from after school to midnight you have screttching and skateboards rolling passed your door. Don't cut your self there, you may just get Hepatitis C!Hotel/Motel Reviewers, stay away or be appalled or paid off to let this place pass!Dont be cheap, pay the extra $5-$20 and do down the block to a decent place!Owners, Cleanup or Sell this Dump, We'll calling the Health Department!	
Apr 9 2008 	Hidden charges noisy next to fire station	Good monthly rate but they charge a service fee every time you pay, non-refundable cleaning fee, late and other service fees. Paper thin walls for easy complaints. Next to fire station so sirens blast through the night. Did not tell me about monthly rate after paying the weekly rate six times which wasted more money. Lots of transients.Better than most for located on Boulder Hwy.	
Feb 11 2007 	dont trust the management	I have been here 3 weeks and the management had our utility trailer towed to impound. They did not ask us to move it or anything and they knew it was mine because i had talked to them about it. Impound wants $270.00 to get it out.	
Jan 7 2006	Renter's BEWARE!	When I moved in, it appeared that the carpeting hadn't been cleaned in years! I also went through about 3 containers of disinfectant whipes to clean up everything that hadn't been cleaned (which was about everything)! Management did not seem too surprised when I complained how dirty it was, nor did they make any attempt to repair the bathroom sink (which was missing all the pieces necessary for the plumbing to actually work).  Also, the neighbors didn't really go out of their way to conceal drug deals. I actually had an argument outside of my apartment one day because someone felt they were cheated on the speed they were purchasing. Very scary! RENT AT YOUR OWN RISK! This was a $199.00 lesson learned. Don't live there.	
Aug 31 2005 	Will never stay there again.	I stayed at the Sportsman's Royal Manor three times only because the weekly rate was cheaper than staying at a casino. What attracted me to the place was the well manicured grounds when I passed the place on previous visits to Las Vegas and them showing me an attractive room near the office that was spotless. But after arriving there for my first stay they tried to give me a room several buildings away from the office. Much to my surprise there wasn’t any linen, towels, a shower curtain, soap or even toilet tissue. After going around and around with them for an hour they finally gave me a room near the office where I felt much safer.Being in town on business I only stayed there four or five nights a week out of the seven but didn’t have to lug my clothing and business stuff around in a hot trunk. The couch in the room was lumpy and hard to sit on but I managed for the few hours a day I actually spent in the room. The second time I had to wait until around 8 PM to get in the room because it wasn’t cleaned. While I hesitated to stay a third time, it was much cheaper than paying the high rates elsewhere because a major convention was in town. While I’ll give them a 50 – 50 rating for trying to please me in some ways, but I’ll never stay there again no matter what the weekly rate is.The majority of guest staying there are either looking for work or a place to stay for a few days or weeks. One of the draw backs is that you have to pay extra for towels and bedding and need your own cooking utensils and dishes. The mini suites I stayed in by the office had microwave ovens, refrigerators, electric stoves and kitchen cupboards. Next door was a convenience store that sold gas and a number of food items with a very friendly staff. Required deposits for keys $10, security deposit $30, pool key $10, TV remote $25.00. Non-refundable $20 cleaning fee for them to clean the room after you leave. Bedding and towel usage for one bedroom units was $25.00 a week, two bedroom units $40.00 a week. Daily maid service $40.00 and $45 a week. Microwave deposit $50 and $5 a week charge.	
Jan 27 2005 	Bring disinfectant	I got in an argument with my roommate and decided to move into a weekly studio here until he moves out. I've been here about four weeks.The room was really dirty. Hair in the bathtub, a lot of dust, things like that. I brought Lysol wipes and cleaned it up, though. The carpet is nasty. It was wet when I moved in (I think it had just been shampooed) but made my socks yellow and grey. I went to WalMart and bought a rug for my little girl to play on.You must bring your own linens. They advertise linen service (for a fee) but they told me it wasn't available so I had to go get my own sheets and towels. On the plus side, you can have pets here. I have my cat with me... it was $100 registration, a $50 deposit and $10 a week extra. They make your pet wear a special tag and take its picture, so no chance of sneaking one in. I haven't seen but one bug since I've been here (no roaches) so I'm happy about that! The kitchenette is very handy. The pools are nice, as well as the landscaping. There are three chanels of HBO... and the TV comes in well. There is a service station and mini mart on site, and they come in really handy. They advertise &quot;Castle Pizzaria&quot; in neon letters, but it only serves hamburgers and wings (no pizza.) But if you like that sort of food, it's good.As for the other people that stay here, I get a feeling they're not the best people to be around. I hear a lot of talk about, &quot;So and so is getting out of jail Friday.&quot; etc, and they sell plastic butane torches at the cash register... so, look out for crime, be careful if you stay here. I haven't had any problems personally though, other than random phone calls in the middle of the night from undesirable people in other rooms.	
