	Five Star? No way!	Please ,before you book it, let me warn you, 15 dollars resort fee/day for facilities that you will never use, valet tips, 12 dollars interne, plus tax, they add up! We arrived on Wednesday night for two nights, after checking in, we left the luggage in the room, and went out, we waited 15 minutes for our car to come out from the valet, they hardly had anyone working at the time, there was only one person at the front desk at pretty much all time on wednesday, I guess they were cutting staff due to the economy. We were back to the hotel at 1AM, we couldn't find any slippers in the room that supposed to be there, called the front desk and they said to check again, they should be there, but we looked everywhere and couldn't find any. We called housekeeping, it took 20 minutes for the slippers to arrive. By that time it was almost 2AM. Knowing this is a five star hotel I decided not to bring a shower cap, just before I stepped in the shower, I start looking for the shower cap, I was relieved to see the nice little box that says shower cap with a Spa at Trump print on the box on a tray. But when I reached for it, the lid was torn and no shower cap inside, it's empty! It was used by the previous guest! I have stayed in two/three star hotel before, and never seen this. Again, 20 minutes for the shower cap to arrive, wow I never had such a hard time just to take a shower. Next morning, we woke up arround 10 AM, we wanted to use the stovetop. We then started the long journey just to get some items in the kitchen. We called and got transferred to the housekeeping, after 5 minutes of hold time, they finally picked up the phone, and we told them we needed a couple of items, the lady just said &quot;my pleasure&quot; and hung up, so we waited for 40 minutes, no one ever came, we thought the lady just didn't even bother helping, we called back again and waited forever, and it was always music and ring and back to music, so no one ever picked up at housekeeping, I called again to the operator to be talk to the front desk about this matter. Again no one picked up. I called the operator again and told her no one picked up both places, the operator simply said &quot;No one will pick up now, they are all busy, what you need?&quot;, excuse me, five star? You don't ask me what you need in such a rude way, you ask, &quot;I can pass on your request, what can I get for you?&quot; Well at least she did pass it on and it was delivered in another 30 minutes. We didn't start cooking until almost 12. A five star don't have such a poor service, housekeeping made me wonder if the room was cleaned properly, never seen a doorman opening the door for us. I am sure all of us have a tight schedule, we don't have 15 minutes here, 30 minutes there to spend on waiting for services that should arrive much sooner. So I will not stay again neither will I recommand it to anyone I know. This is really a 3.5 star hotel at max.	
	Would not rate as a 5-star hotel 4-star - maybe	Just got back from our trip to Las Vegas.I was looking forward to a leasure stay at this hotel after a Death Valley trip. Well, the hotel is nice, BUT:1. We got in the shower and the water was running very slow, and the shower head was comparable to a motel shower. It was hard to wash off soap. 2. The bathroom glass door is very heave and it has about a 1/2 inch space between the end of the door and the floor. When I was opening the door I hit my toe very close to the nail, and let me tell you, it hurts, a lot!!! A simple piece of rubber or plastic over the button of the door would have done the trick. (the next day, my husband had the same problem3. Minor thing, but would not expect from a 5-star hotel - a toilet paper holder was broken, so we had our toilet paper on the top of the toilet all the time.4. Resort fees: when you sign the paper at the check in, they say it is $15/day, but they don't say that there is also $1.80 tax on top of it. Not a big deal, but when you stay over couple of days you get not so nice surprise at the checkout, so heads up would help.5. Food: We wanted to order in-room service of sandwich or soup ( I was sick the whole stay, so could not get out of the room). When we calculated , the price for the chicken noodle soup would have been $9 + $5(service charge) + 18%(tax, gratitude)....My husband got downstairs to take it from the restaurant to avoid ridiculous fees, and the menu in the restaurant was completely different from the in-room menu.On the other hand.Staff was very helpful ,cleaning service was nice and cleaned the room good.The bedding and the towels were nice and fresh.Rooms were very clean.Kitchenette in the room is also a nice feature.We had a city view, yes the Santa Fe train comes by from time to time with a load whistle, but it was not a big problem, and the view from the room was nice , not actually a city view, but more of a mountain view, very beautiful.Would I stay here again - maybe, but only if they admit that they are 4 star hotel.	
	Outstanding Place to Stay	We stayed in Trump hotel Las Vegas for 5 nights and we were blown away with the quality of this hotel. We knew before we went about the resort fee as everybody booking this hotel knows and found this to be o.k for the service we got which was outstanding. The rooms were the best I have seen and I have been all over the world. The Staff were friendly and professional. We will definitely stay there again. What a property.	
Nov 25 2009 	Loved the hotel and staff but noticed a safety issue with the stairs.	I enjoyed my stay but wont be back due to the sneaky resort fee. The pool closed at 5pm and I never got to even use it after having to pay $15.Also, we had housekeeping ring our doorbell and wake us up at 8:30 only to ask us if we were checking out. This might have been acceptable at 11:00 am but at 8:30 its ridiculous.On the morning when we were going to check out, I got up early to run the building stairs twice. Evidently, the building doesn't really have 64 floors. The rooms themselves start on floor 16. Below that you have the lobby, pool deck and a 7 floor parking garage. I noticed several things that bothered me on my run. I saw cigarette butts discarded everywhere in the stairwells. This is not good in a non-smoking building.The building had two flights of stairs both at a 44 inch wide code minimum. One flight (East side) ended on the 16th floor with no ability to get to the ground floor. The other flight (West side) did go to the bottom but at the 16th floor one had to take a unmarked confusing side passageway to find an additional set of wider stairs that continued to the bottom. How much would an additional exit side have cost?	
Nov 25 2009 	Husband's Business Trip/My Relaxing Trip	Pros: Very nice rooms. Helpful and professional staff. Nice pool area. Located across the street from the mall. No casino. Not on the strip, but only a block away.Cons: Charged for internet access. Restaurant was small and expensive for food that was not memorable. No casino.	
Nov 24 2009 	Trump does it again	This is a beautiful property and it's non-smoking and no slot machines. Located directly across from the mall, it's slightly off the beaten path, but terrific for families or solo travelers. It's a short walk to the Wynn or short cab ride to other venues. I found it to be a refreshing change from the strip and the other hotels which are full of smoke and gamblers.	
Nov 23 2009 	Pleasantly surprised.	We recently returned from a trip to the West Coast, and our last night in Vegas we stayed in the Trump hotel because it was reasonably priced. Loved this hotel. We were in Caesars Palace earlier in our trip, and were a little disappointed because it was really worn around the edges, especially considering the price. So we were really pleased when we walked into our room at the Trump and it just wowed us. The bathroom is amazing! Huge spa bath, his and hers sinks, glassed in toilet and shower. Would stay here again!	
Nov 22 2009 	Say what you will his hotel runs poorly but his staff makes it right.	The Trump International Hotel is a truly superb hotel. Right across the road from Nordstrom at the Fashion Place Mall it is right off the strip and within walking distance to all the best the strip has to offer. It has no casino, is smoke free and the staff is one of the best staff's I have ever been served by.Here's how I know this... My last trip there was no hot water in the room and the staff bent over backwards to accommodate me. This trip the &quot;all's well all-call&quot; alter went off three times in the middle of the night. There was a false alarm on a floor and to let people know they could return they put the all - call to every room, Because of that decision I've been up most of the night. That notwithstanding, the staff again went out of their way to make me comfortable. Well done to the entire team.At 5-stars, I would hope not to have false alarms and hot water. Maybe I've got bad timing, but one more stay here with a problem and I'd really have to re-think ever staying here again.So, I do rate the hotel &quot;best,&quot; but next time they will really have make it all right from the first moment I walk in. The restaurant DJT's is quite nice, very New York, and has 100% top-notch service and food, but be prepared to pay for it. Breakfast was $60 for two. Spendy for Vegas.It	
Nov 20 2009 	Home from home	We were fortunate enough to be checked in through the VIP service and were upgraded to a superb suite with views down the strip. The staff couldn't do enough for us. The heated open air pool is a treat and the business centre makes life easy. The facilities and service were everything you would expect from a Trump property. The location at the end of the strip and the fact there is no casino in the hotel means that you can escape from the madness - a welcome break. Tip - the Chocolate Martini is a MUST!	
Nov 19 2009 	Rip Off - 50% more in hidden fees / charges	Don't believe the rates. They sell you something on line and then they increase your rates by 50% with other surcharges.	
Nov 18 2009 	NOT 5 STAR DONALD	If you want a hotel away from the strip with no casino and close to shopping, then this might do if you can get it at the right price. However be aware that you must drive everywhere and there is no self park. Every time you want your car, you must ask the concierge and wait. Dining options are limited. There is nothing within walking distance except fashion show mall. Even though its away from the strip, don't expect quiet. Our &quot;city view&quot; room overlooked the freeway and railway. The Santa Fe come through regularly and with a very loud whistle. We were charged an extra $15 a night for &quot; tea and cofffee and use of the Pool.&quot; However when I rang room service to note we didn't have any tea, we were told we would have to pay for tea as only coffee was included. It was too cold to use the pool. The bathroom wasn't clean and in fact had dirty towels and bathrobe from previous occupants. When we rang house keeping they did not come to collect until the next day. Would I go back? no	
Nov 17 2009 	Avoid as a business destination terrible management	I booked 9 rooms for the company for a conference in Las Vegas, some through Priceline others through Hotwire. The rooms were booked in advance and prepaid. One of the rooms was booked for an employee who no longer works for the company so one day before check-in I called Hotwire to amend the booking. Hotwire indicated that they could not change the booking name but recommended to get in touch with the hotel directly to let them know someone else was going to use that prepaid room. I called the reservations desk and they told me clearly that they could not change the reservation name but could add the new occupant as an extra named guest on the reservation so that he could use the room and check-in. I therefore added that employee's name to the reservation.When that employee arrived, there was no record of the amendment and they refused to give the room to him. I have now tried all day to try to fix this problem but have been bounced around all the departments at Trump without result. I called reservations first who listened to the situation and could not even find the reservation in the system. I had to get the Hotwire confirmation number and was then sent back to reservations who found it but told me they couldn't do anything. They transferred me to accounting, the wrong department as I didn't want a refund but for the empoyee to get his room (he's staying with another employee in the meantime) We just wanted the room for which we paid in advance in full, all resrvations were on the same credit card. I was transferred to someone else in the reservations department who listened to the whole story again, and couldn't do anything. I was then referred to the reservations manager who only seems to have voicemail and hasn't called back.After hours of London-Las Vegas long distance phone calls, I have not been able to resolve this problem. I have been unable to find a single email contact for this hotel or the details of any management personnel. I would therefore recommend against using this hotel for any type of multiple business booking (i.e. conference)) as there is simply no support in case of problems with a reservation and front desk has final say over any matters. My guess is that they get so many complaints from leisure visitors that they have shielded management from any contact with customers and that's why it is impossible to get in touch with someone who knows what they are doing. Having now read some of the reviews on this site, I must admit that I would probably do the same...	
Nov 17 2009 	5 Star Hotel at a Tremendous Value	This hotel is worthy of the Trump name. Beautiful rooms and magnificent lobby. We booked at a tremendous value online and were quite satisfied. The only downside is that it is off the strip and prepare to pay about $10 each way to the major spots on the strip...also the resort fee is a joke. If your focus is the strip, add that factor to your pricing.	
Nov 16 2009 	No Complaints....	My husband and I checked in to Trump Las Vegas on Friday, November 13th and stayed for 2 nights. I have to tell you it was great staying at a non-smoking, no casino hotel. The first impression was great. The hotel is very clean and well appointed. Not to over-the-top tacky trump like i was expecting. It was reasonably understated and elegant. I loved not having to wind through a stinky crowded casino to find the front desk to check in. We checked in so quickly and were pleasantly surprised by our great room! We upgraded to a strip view, which for $20 per day was totally worth it. We were on the 47th floor and had a great view down the strip. The room has a kichenette, but not like a kitchenette that you may be thinking. This has a subzero refridge and is sleekly built in against the wall. It was so nice having this amenity. We ended up taking a cab to Vons and got some food and drink for our room It was about a $30 cab ride. Across the street (directly) is the Fashion Show mall, so great! They have an ABC store there that sells some food and drinks. So if you don&quot;t want to go to the market, you can just go here. But we saved so much by having food in our room and not having to use room service once. Not to mention, the housekeepers do your dishes! Okay, the bathroom...it is awesome. The bath tub is huge and doubles as a jacuzzi. There is a television in the mirror, which was a very cool feature. The rooms are nicely appointed and the bed was very comfortable. These rooms are larger than a standard hotel room, as they eventually will be residents for people to purchase. That is how they are designed. More homelike less hotel room like. I am a picky person and have worked in the hospitality industry for years. So i know what to look for and i know what to expect. This property is great and the staff was very attentive. After being out both nights having dinner and doing a little gambling and dancing and walking...it is so nice to return to a quiet, clean casino free hotel. I love the fact that there aren't millions of lookey-lous milling about, smoking their heads off. I loved the location and the entire stay.	
Nov 16 2009 	Five-star look and value with three-star service	Unlike Madonna, fellow 1980s icon Donald Trump has a hard time reinventing himself. Indeed, this Trump Tower Las Vegas has the look and feel of his guilded, brassed-up monoliths from two decades ago.However, the idea of getting a hotel suite like this for under $70 would be unimaginable. But The Trump Tower is one of those hybrid condo-hotels (where you never know who actually owns the unit you are staying in), and it does indeed offer a five-star caliber room with a mid-week pre-holiday rate at such a low price.That said, the service is ordinary at best. Simple requests for room items turned attempts to call housekeeping into the seemingly eternal abyss of the hotel phone system. Once the housekeeping is finally reached, the results are fine. The staff ably turned the sofabed (one in each suite) into a comfortable bed.Apparently, this hotel is the product of a Trump project gone the wrong way. Without a casino, this hotel has to fend for itself as a luxury hotel in a Las Vegas that is loosing its luxury customers fast. The result is to cut the rates as much as possible while cutting the service as minimally (or as invisibly) as possible.The toiletry items in the unit's spa-like bathrooms consisted of soap and skin cream. Hotel guests who know their way around five-star varieties also know that a bathroom with a separate oversized jacuzzi and a wide-screen color TV recessed behind the wall-sized mirror would also have a bit more on the vanity. Sure enough, an eventual call to housekeeping uncovered such goodies as sugar face scrub, exotic varieties of lotion, shower and bath gel and spa-quality bath salts. A $5 tip to the maid might ensure these items would be restocked the following day without another request.The hotel has a lunch restaurant on the wonderfully designed pool level, where well placed palm trees make the area seem like a summer oasis right off the Nevada mountains. The soups and salads are pricey at about $15 apiece, but they are well done and filling. The lobby-level restaurant simply prices itself out of use for most of the mid-week residents in early November. But those who can manage the nearly $30 breakfast buffet would be well rewarded with exquisite selections and friendly service in a setting that might very well be out of the most posh of design magazines. Room service was of high standard, too. But the best deal is to walk to Wallgreens and get breakfast items to use in the kitchenette.The $15 resort fee is a bit underhanded for a hotel that's not on a beach. But the extra fare came with fair warning during all stages of booking this hotel. I only wished the person checking me in didn't have to recite, with a straight face, that the $15 fee included two whole bottles of drinking water in addition to valet parking. Not even a bottle with &quot;Trump&quot; on its label is worth $7.50.A tip: Do NOT depend on the alleged shuttle service to the nearby Treasure Island Hotel and Casino. NOBODY seemed to know its schedule or even the process for getting one.	
Nov 15 2009 	Great Hotel - Best Deal for a Luxury Hotel	I wanted to stay at a newer hotel and found a great deal at Trump. I was a little concerned that it was off the strip, but within 5 minutes of walking you are basically standing at the bottom of the strip at the Wynn. Hotel was fabulous, elegant and luxurious. Room was very large with sitting area and kitchenette, tv in the bathroom mirror was a plus, jetted tub.. The bed was one of the most comforable beds I've ever slept in. Everything looked brand new. I am very fussy about cleanliness - the room was spotless. (The first room had muddy footprints in the tub and the front desk was quick to send up a bellboy with keys to a new room on the same floor. I would recommend asking for a room that faces the strip, it's quieter and has a nicer view.) Only negative was that there were no bellboys when I arrived and felt a little lost.This hotel is not suited for a party crowd, it's more for the business or non-party crowd because there is no casino. Loved the fact that you could head home after a loud night to a peaceful hotel with no crowds, smoking etc. You can be at Ceaser's Palace in 5 minutes with a $7 cab fare. Great shopping across the street at Fashion Show Mall. The Trump was the best value I could find for a 5 star hotel... however I think it's more of a 4.5... but still fantastic.	
Nov 11 2009 	Fabulous	Perfect!!! We only stayed here one night and I wish it had been a week. We were on the 52nd floor and even though we were on the city side it still a magnificent view. The only down side is that it is a few blocks from the strip and there is only valet parking. The other main pluses is that there is no casino and it is totally non-smoking. Also the bathroom is a dream come true,with a whirlpool tub, large walkin shower and aTv in the mirror.	
Nov 9 2009 	good	we stayed here a couple of weeks back. the hotel was nice not bad. but they only have 1 bed per suite ( wtf) what about people who have kids who dont want to sleep on the couch? it was no big deal. i was traveling with my mother and it was our vacation i asked the hotel for 2 doubles but they said they didnt have any but the sofa i said fine. we went up to the room it was wonderfully furnished and there was even a kitchenette there with utensils and fridge LOVE THAT! and a microwave! and coffee maker!! excellent!! anyhow only complaint was the sofa and since i got it on priceline it was even cheaper! but my fave is still the venetian! btw no casino in the hotel which i found refreshing and not noisey. it is pretty close to the wynn so we liked that	
Nov 3 2009 	LUXURIOUS 	The TRUMP HOTEL, Vegas (No casino, thank goodness).At check-in, the clerk suggested an upgrade to our room. They have a photo book showing the different rooms. We were at a conference which had gotten great rates ($90 a night + the usual Valet/Spa/Pool fee of $15.00 a day). The upgrade started at $50.00 a night additional and then, went down to $30.00 when I mulled it over. I offered $25.00 and got the two room suite. I did request to personally see the difference in the rooms. The clerk showed me both rooms. The studio room has one major flaw. The bathroom door is not your usual, solid wood or metal door. It is a partially frosted, see-through glass door. If a guest came to visit &amp; someone was in the sitting in the bathroom... too much is visible. That made simple the decision to upgrade to the one bedroom suite.  Even in the one bedroom suite (2 rooms), in the main bathroom area (off the bedroom), the door to the toilet is the same semi-frosted glass. Unless there is a bath mat rolled up on the floor, when the door is opened, the glass clangs against the 2 person Jacuzzi that is between it and the 2 person shower. It also has a bathroom with a separate shower off the kitchen/dining area. Fortunately, there is a solid wooden door there.For privacy, there is a sliding wooden door that separates the bath area from the bedroom. It is a large bathroom about 10 feet wide and 20 ft long. In the main bathroom there is a large table with lamp, a large wall mirror, a lighted magnifying mirror and a comfortable chair. That room could double as a study room! On the opposite wall slightly above the two sinks, is a 12&quot; plasma tv built into/behind the mirror. A handy remote control is provided. Watch out when you adjust the shower water temperature. There is no blue color for cold or red color indicator for hot water. Once it is set, it takes at least 30 seconds for a change in temperature as the water has to come from a few floors below. (For the 30th floor, it was at the 16th floor, I was told by an engineer). Fortunately, there is enough space between the shower head and the wall that you can duck out of a hot stream of water. That's little consolation when your face is covered with soap! Also, there is no automatic cut-off switch on the shower head when the temperature goes over 108?/42? as recommended by plumbers.If you have a car, I suggest going to WalMart and purchasing some higher wattage light bulbs as the Trump chain provides a tiny 14 watt fluorescent bulb in each lamp = 55 watts incandescent. No need to strain eyes. We bought two packages of four Reveal incandescent 100 watt bulbs ($4.63 w/tax) for reading/study and used all but one. We also turned the lights off when we left the room; although electricity and lighting gets a run for the money in Vegas. We replaced the fluorescent bulbs at the end of the stay and left the Reveal full spectrum bulbs for the maid along with our tip. As you enter the suite at the kitchen there are two light switches on the wall. One doesn't seem to do anything. However, it controls an outlet with nothing plugged into it. Just above that outlet is a switch that controls the lamp on a table near the dining table and chairs. OTHER NOTES: The bed is very soft, if you are used to a firmer bed. I complained and the maid came to remove a 4 in/10.16 cm thick down padding over the mattress. That made it firmer. And, if you have an allergy to down/feather pillows, request the synthetic fill pillows.If you're a large person, be sure to request the extra long towels--everyday--or, the maid won't leave them always. And, if you want your room cleaned by a certain time request that at the concierge desk near the front desk. We clicked the on the wall lighted button for &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; that appears outside the entrance way door (to two separate suites). With that showing, she never checked back to see if there was a change in the status. We either had to find her (not hard) or call the operator to get service.The suite came with a full refrigerator/freezer, glass-top stove &amp; oven, microwave and an electric dishwasher. There are glasses, plates, silverwear, pots and pans too. If you're staying awhile and will do some eating in, you'll need to buy some dish cleaning liquid, detergent tabs or sponge at WalMart. The closest is at 4505 West Charleston Blvd, (702) 258-4540. There are .99¢ Stores around too. The maid will supply dish towels. We washed the utensils were were about to use. The internet costs $14.95 per 24 hours. Possibly due to the gold on the windows, we found it hard to make speedy wireless connections, although there was a cell phone tower not over 1/4 of a mile away on the north side of the building. Cell phone calls would often drop off. Between two carriers we did get through. Local calls on the hotel's landline are free.I note that one comment mentioned the loud train whistle at night. That is true as the fresh air ventilation system is built into the horizontal frame of the windows. Otherwise, it is quiet. In the living room is a 47&quot;/119 cm LCD High Definition TV. The remote controls will just about drive you nuts (except for the bathroom one, which is simple). Everyone we spoke to said it took at least 15 minutes to figure it out. There are no printed instructions on how to use it. The bedroom has a 32&quot;/81 cm HD tv between two large closets that come with two fancy robes. If a person is short, it is better to close the right hand door of each closet before closing the left hand door as the latch is so high up, only a tall person can reach it. Other way around is to tape a piece of paper over the latch so it won't click shut. That wasn't the smartest place to put a latch.All parking and retrieval of cars is by valet. Typical tip is $2--$3.00 most said. All in all, we did well on that $130.00 a night stay.	
Nov 3 2009 	Great rooms. Poor service.	I stayed at the Trump because it was great rates for the size of the rooms they offered. I was very pleased with the rooms and the cleanliness. I thoroughly enjoyed the huge jet spa tubs and the big showers inside of the master bedroom (I stayed in the 1 bedroom hotel). It was also very convenient to have another shower in the bathroom located in the living area. Having the bedroom and a seperate living area with a kitchen was amazing! The location of the hotel was not far from the spots that I was planning on going - XS at the Encore (right across the street, walking distance) and Lavo at the Palazzo ($6 cab ride). And there is the Fashion Mall right across the ways which was very convenient to run and grab make up I had forgotten to pack. Of course there is no casino here at the hotel so it is a lot more quiet. I'd say it is a great place to stay with your family since the rooms are big and there is not any gambling and drinking going on at this hotel. The WORST part about staying at the Trump was the service. I tried to call in 3 times the morning of check out and was placed on hold each time and anytime anyone did answer, they would just put me on hold again - like they didn't know who to transfer me to. I ended up having to go downstairs to check out. Also, I tried to call Valet before I came downstairs to have my car brought up so it was ready right when I got out, but no one picked up at Valet either. If you are big on room service and needing attention from staff, do NOT stay here. Our group got by since we were really only staying there to sleep in the room and playing outside the hotel, but if you are looking for a place to stay where you want to stay within the hotel the entire time for their entertainment and amenities, this is NOT the place, go somewhere else! Overall, I'd say it's a good bang for the buck if you are on a budget and want a comfortable and clean room. Also, I'd have to add that the additional $16 that they charge for the fitness center and pool is BS. I didn't even use those amenities and still had to pay!	
Nov 2 2009 	Extra $15 per night is a no-no.	As a resident of Las Vegas, I was horrified to find out that my family visiting from the U.K. were charged an extra $15 per night for the gym and pool. Since when did that become an extra ? Not only that, it is not an option. I have read some reviews on this page and see that others were not happy either. As a result they will go back home and tell others not to go to Trump, and we will spread the word too. The rooms are lovely, but so are many others in the city. As far as we are concerend, the Trump hotel just gave Las Vegas a black eye.	
Nov 2 2009 	Peaceful Off-Strip Experience Good Service	After a horrid experience at the Venetian, coming here was like arriving in heaven!The first thing that struck me was the peace and quiet. There are good points about coming to a place that isn't attached to a casino. First off, you know that the hotel is focused on making your stay pleasant, since their income isn't being bolstered by their casino. Also, the caliber of the clientèle is very different. Less drunk people, and no crowds to be pushed through, no second hand smoke, no stale alcohol smell, no yelling. Just people who want a peaceful, relaxing experience. The front desk agents were pleasant and attentive. We got a strip view room on the 52nd floor, which was jaw droppingly awesome. The room was very sleek and elegant, with understated touches of luxury. Beds were very comfortable. Loved the in-room kitchen and all the cookware and dining utensils provided. Jacuzzi tub was wonderful. Also, when I discovered our radio was broken, a new one was promptly brought up by a very professional attendant from house-keeping. The only reason why it's not 5 stars from me: it's a little too far from the strip (must take taxi), and I wasn't really floored by the food we got at the DJT. My feeling is that this place hasn't quite reached its apex, since it opened during an economic slump and there isn't enough of a customer base yet to make it truly rock. But if what I experienced was any indication, it won't be this way for long!	
Oct 31 2009 	excellent hotel	Stayed for 2 nights on business. Asked for a quiet room and was given an amazing room at the end of the hall with views of the north strip (the Wynn and Encore, Palazzo). Rooms are massive and very clean, nicely decorated and appointed: sitting area, kitchenette. Bathrooms have oversized jetted tubs and a TV mounted in the mirror (first I've seen). Staff was courteous and friendly, service was prompt. This is an excellent choice for business travelers or anyone wanting to avoid gaming properties and smoking (the entire hotel is smoke free). You'd be hard pressed to find another hotel in North America of this quality at such a reasonable rate. I had no problems with the service, concierge, or valet. No problems with noise either. Very short 3 minute walk to the strip. Highly recommended. (Many complain of the resort fee, but its actually fairly reasonable, since it includes valet parking and use of all facilities, something that most major chains such as Starwood charge for)	
Oct 30 2009	Five Star Wannabee	This place has got to be bleeding money, and it shows in cleanliness and service. A five star should have impeccable service. Don't expect this at the Trump. No bellman took my bags from my taxi, no doorman held the door for me when I entered the hotel on arrival or any time thereafter. The place is beautiful and the rooms are huge, with great beds and amenities and huge bathrooms with jaccuzi tubs, but my room had very dirty windows and toilet paper that was a step below what you might expect to find in an airport or elementary school. I ate the Sunday breakfast buffet. 27 bucks a person. What a joke. That must be where they are trying to make up money. Trump is non-smoking, a huge bonus, and is a great bargain just off the strip. I would recommend it, especially for bargain minded folks looking for a great deal. But do not expect a five star experience if that is what you are used to. Be aware that this place is noisy, too. Even on the 42nd floor, freeway and train noise was loud. Bring ear plugs.	
Oct 29 2009 	Wonderful and spacious	Rooms very spacious, clean and well kept. Staff was very helpful and always courteous. Room service was delivered very quickly. The sofa bed was not very comfortable but that would be my only complaint in an otherwise very top notch place.There was a $15 charge per day added to bill for parking/fitness center use regardless if you use them or not.	
Oct 29 2009 	Can the resort fee	This is a well appointed hotel with all the comforts one would expect at a high end apartment hotel. The bathrooms are particularly nice. some spectacular views from higher floors. The big drawback is that even with the five star appointments, the hotel lacks that five star feel. The lobby is sparse and almost warehouse like. There is no casino in the building, and ther is only one (overpriced) restaurant. But besides that, there is no one to welcome you when you arrive, and you have to scan the area for a receptionist. The security guards are very curt to the point of being almost rude before they let you pass from the lobby to the elevators.Is this hotel really a bargain? When you take into account having to pay $5 for a small bottle of water, $$ for internet, unusually high prices for room service and the $15 resort fee... may as well be at one one of the nice hotels on the strip where all the action is.	
Oct 28 2009 	Resort Fee	Stayed at the Trump Hotel for 4 nights in their basic room. The Hotel is fine but I would not say it is 5 star. If you book this hotel try Priceline.com. paid $65.00 + tax + resoet fee..As for the resort fees. I know more and more hotels and adding on this changes. But I can play the game to. 1. If the newspaper was not there in the morning -- Call the front desk. The 2 very small bottle of water not there call the front desk. The Valet parking == sorry no tip. Told the guys the hotel was charging me for this once free service and ask for you tip from the manager.Last --- Free local call. I have a 8 year old son that played making free local calls. When someone answer on the other line he just said sorry wrong number. He made aabout 100 calls. I did this because of the resort fee for local calls. If hotel are going to nickel and dime their customer I will pay their game.	
Oct 28 2009 	Not disappointed	Although I'm not a fan of The Donald, and gold plated decor, we were pleasantly surprised with the luxury and comfort of our room on the 50th floor. Thanks to reading everyone's reviews, I mentioned the train noise problem, and the nice woman at the front desk moved us to another room. We had no problem with noise.The door, lobby and pool service was top notch, and I appreciated the security. My wife got a facial at the spa which she raved about, and they gave me a complimentary pass to the facilities. Nice showers and steam.The resort fee should include wi-fi. Take advantage of the shoe shine included in the fee.	
Oct 26 2009 	Nice hotel but know what your are getting	We stayed for a four night stay. If you are expecting a real five-star hotel, this is not for you. If you usually stay at a Marriott or Ramada, this will most likely feel like a five-star hotel. At a real five-star hotel, the doormen would never let you open your own door - here the doormen are sometimes manning the door. I can live with this, but some folks may have issues with this. Now the bathroom is top notch - nice shower, huge tub, and privacy door for the toilet, but there can be hot water issues. From talking with them, it seems they have boiler problems (again, a five-star hotel would not stand for this). The problem was fixed after a few minutes of letting the water run, but this too could upset you if you were not flexible. When we first arrived, we had a lower room (18th floor), but after reading these reviews, we asked for a higher room because of what we read about the train noise. Victor, the front desk manager, we very accomidating and relocated us to the 53rd floor on the city view side. From here, we barely heard the train - and the view was incredible.We got in late on the first night and tried the hotel restaurant and it had a $29 per person prix-fix menu that we tried. The food is actually really good.One night we wanted to eat at Paris' Mon Ami Gabi so we visited the concierge. Vicki was very helpful with the reservation and pulled some strings to get us a time that we wanted. Some of the other concierges come across snooty, but Vicki is top notch. We used the gym a couple times. It has everything you need to get a well rounded workout. No free weights, but they do have machines and dumbells. Treadmills, elliptical machines, and bikes have TV's built into them. They have trainers there to help you with the equipment if you have any questions. We also visited the pool. I thought it was nice. They had music playing and a DJ that tried to make it a fun atmosphere. My wife seemed to think that the waitresses were a bit snobby. We ordered a few drinks (sangria), which were refreshing. We would have ordered more, if our waitress paid attention to us. I also would have brought my own beer, but they do not allow outside drinks.Location to the strip is not too far, but can wear on you after awhile. It is about 5 minute walk to the strip, but another 10 to where the action really starts. Closest casino is Wynn or Treasure Island - for betting NCAA or NFL games on Saturday or Sunday morning by 9 or 10AM, this is a bit of a drag after a long Friday or Saturday night. We often used the mall across the street as a means to get to the Strip. The mall (they call it Fashion Show) is your typical mall with the usual suspects, some high-end. A real five-star hotel would not stand for this less than stellar location - they would have had a shuttle constantly taking you to the Strip.The only real nagging matter for me was the daily fee for internet usage. A real five-star hotel would not charge you for internet access. I already knew about the daily &quot;resort fee,&quot; so I did not have an issue with that. My guess is that they charge this separately because of a commission structure with the booking agencies and they cannot afford to discount this expense.If I go back to Vegas, would I stay here again? Probably not. I think I would rather be on the Strip. Am I disappointed with my choice? Not at all. We had fun and enjoyed the hotel, but I would rather be in the middle of the action. Some visitors may like this kind of place, though, so if the right person asked, I would recommend it.	
Oct 26 2009 	Trump Tower Poor Service in house keeping and elevator guards	The room was absolutely stunning, but the customer service needs a lot of improvement. The elevator guards were very rude when we were scoping around the lobby for something to eat. One of them had approached us and asked, &quot;What are you doing?&quot; was the first thing that came out of his mouth … needless to say, we didn't eat there or will stay there again. Another occasion, of poor service occurred on our way in from a late night along the strip … a guard stopped us as we approached the elevator, “Do you have a room key for here?” um a &quot;Hi. Can I help you?&quot; would be a better question to ask. And house keeping didn't take out our trash or refill our condiments for days. Other than that, the stay was comfortable. 	
Oct 24 2009 	Fabulous five star hotel!	My friends and I found Trump Towers in Las Vegas to be a wonderfully clean, and beautiful hotel. Our room was fantastic, and the service was incredible. The location was great, just a five minute walk to the strip, and the staff couldn't have been more helpful. The desserts we ordered from room service were delicious, and the staff helped us rent a private car, which was also very nice. The only downfalls we found: the ridiculous $15 a day resort fee (why don't they just include it in the price of the room?) and the fact that you have to pay for the wireless internet. Everything else about the hotel was lovely. Just keep in mind that there is only a small bar, and no casinos or clubs, so if that's something that you're coming to Vegas for, you might like to stay somewhere else. But if you are wanting a more relaxing atmosphere when you come back to your hotel at night, this might be the perfect hotel for you! : )	
Oct 23 2009 	Mostly a nice place sans one negative surprise	I thought this was a very nice hotel with spectacular rooms, and I certainly didn't miss the smokey casino. Gym had good equipment, and pool was very nice with excellent lounge recliners etc.. BUT what really ticked me off was being told there was a &quot;mandatory&quot; $ 15.00 charge for valet parking and the gym, and it was applicable to all guests regardless of whether you drove or had any interest in working out. This hidden surprise is just the sort of thing that will leave a very bad taste in one's mouth as it reeks of an attempt to get a higher price using decietful practices. If it is a mandatory charge, then it should be part of the price of the hotel.	
Oct 22 2009 	one night experience not a 5 star place like other destinations	This was my first time in vegas and I needed an extra night at a hotel before I met up with the rest of my group at another. I wanted to try a 5 star hotel just to see if it was worth it at this destination. I got a great deal at $75 a night through priceline. Now I read about the resort fee and it was way cheaper than others (Planet hollywood charges a hotel fee but if you want to use their pool they charge an additional $25.) Turning onto the hotels street you can see the fenced up property of where the &quot;casino&quot; may be built. the road behind is a bit scary I wouldn't suggest anyone walking at night. There is only valet parking which is annoying I don't like to give control of my car to anyone, plus that means I have to take everything out because I can't access my car when I want to. Service:The valet attendants are rather nice, but again they are expecting a tip. The front desk was horrible. Their fake politeness irritated me. Having dressed properly it was interesting to see the change of attitude when they found out I booked through priceline. I found that rude. No help on giving me any directions or information about the hotel. They rushed me through to get to the next person inline, only one person. The pool attendant ignored me maybe because I appeared younger. I had fun at the pool with a nice couple I met there and neither party new where the towel drop off was. The concierge attendant was genuinely polite, she even printed me directions to a best buy near the hotel and asked if I needed anymore assistance. Common areas:The hotel appears small compared to others in the vicinity. Online I was intrigued by the &quot;gold&quot; hotel only to discover that the mandalay and the mirage are have gold reflecting windows as well. The lobby was nice, but I have seen hotels in Hawaii with nicer decor. The pool are was decent. i loved the music playing from speakers, which caters to a younger crowd, and the landscaping that blocked the strip. I felt like I was not in las vegas and I liked that. The pool was nicely heated but be warned the deepest area is only 4 ft. I needed to do some aqua therapy which could not be done. They offer in water benches on both sides of the pool. Room:I was in studio facing the city not the strip. First, the room size was amazing! My room was actually quite I was up late and didn't hear any trains and I was on the 18th floor. I loved the mountain view in the morning and it gave me an idea of what traffic was like. I could see circus circus, and the stratosphere. I appreciated the dual entry way that kept the hallway noise at bay. Now the closets were european style so to me they were average. It is very contemporary. I personally love the color scheme, same as my homes. They provide coffee table books and a tic tac toe wooden game. Easy check out from the room via the TV. The two water bottle equal one average water bottle. The flat screen TV appeared cheap. My bed seemed rushed. I could see the sheets popping out below the bed frame. Oh not to mention there was a giant blood stain on one of my pillow cases!!!!! one of the lamps didn't work properly it wouldn't turn on until I wiggled the cord. Now I agree with the others, the bed was comfortable! I have a bad back and was very grateful that I woke up with out any aches. The stereo works with any ipod so bring it along =) there is a stove, microwave both are convection. The sub zero fridge is a good size. Note Target, albertsons, best buy, and other stores are not too far away at all, just near flamingo and maryland street. Bathroom: Now that bathroom was nice. The tub was huge! being only 5'2&quot; I almost drowned because I put too much water in it and kept slipping. There are three jet modes. I am not a tub person. The shower had good pressure, but no seating bench. This is hard when you are trying to shave your legs. There was noticeable lime residue on the shower head. The complimentary shampoo, conditioner, facial soap, and lotion were excellent. Toilet paper was hard and cheap. They provide a vanity mirror with 10X view and lighting which I really appreciated. The hair dryer that was provided had great power didn't take long to dry my hair. The cord for the tv in the mirror is visible so it ruins the illusion of a magical tv. Down fall to that is the shower glass. If it was only clear I could have watched tv while letting the hot water relax my muscles from my travels. My total came out to roughly $100 for the night and besides the rudeness and the stain, I'd say it would be worth it especially since it is a smoke free hotel. Now pay anymore than that better be sure you have a kid in diapers to make up for the costs (great kid amenities, baby warmers, free diapers, etc).PS. self-parking is free at almost every casino so invest in renting a car and save money. My parents always travel to vegas and driving saved our feet they said I saved them over $200 in tip and taxi fees. check out that newspaper for events and deals on the strip. Lots a great free things to do in vegas.	
Oct 21 2009 	Meh...	I've read some of the other recent reviews, and agree with much of what I've read. Your perception of the Trump will largely depend on whether you want a casino in your hotel, and how quickly you want to be able to reach the Strip. We liked it that the hotel was non-smoking. We booked the Trump through Priceline. I think we paid about $142/night, including taxes. When we arrived, we learned that there is a mandatory $15/night &quot;resort&quot; fee that they tag on. Priceline would not let me cancel based on this; the release I initialed apparently mentioned the possibility of resort fees. Live and learn! In any event, once you added on the resort fee, the price was not outstanding.The front desk 'upgraded' us to a room with a view of the Strip. Our room was on the 51st floor. We had the impression that the hotel was largely unoccupied during our stay, and felt that the hotel must be losing money and trying to conserve a bit. As noted by another recent poster, the concierge was lacking. We called down to inquire about free roulette and craps lessons (they are at the Venetian at 11 for craps, followed by 12 for roulette). The concierge said she would call us back; she never did.The room itself is lovely. I was happy with the bed; my sleeping partner felt it was too soft. There was no option of queen beds in the rooms - each room has a king bed with a pull out sofa. The nicely-decorated rooms have a ton of storage space, two large closets (with two nice fluffy robes) in-drawer safe, ironing board w iron, lint brush, extra blanket, coffee maker (with only caf coffee - the nearest coffee shop is about a 10 minute walk), blender, microwave, fridge, range, kitchen sink, wine opener, utensils, dishes, etc. It would be a great place to make lunches/breakfasts, if only we could have found a grocery store in Las Vegas. :) Ice is available on every floor. The bathroom is very nice. Shampoo, conditioner, lotion, 2 bars soap, shower cap provided. No shower gel, no sewing kit. When I needed a sewing kit, housekeeping took about 45 minutes to bring it to the room. The shower is lovely and large. The toilet is in its own room. 2 sinks on the vanity, and lots of storage. Ample towels. I did peek into the business center. They charge for internet service - by 15 minute increments. And there is a charge to print documents, except your boarding pass. The pool area is lovely. We enjoyed the large double-lounge sofa chairs. The pool closed at 6p, however. We wondered whether this was part of a &quot;conservation&quot; effort to reduce costs. Other reviewers have noted an issue with the location of the hotel - about 5 minutes off the Strip. 5 minutes is a long walk on high heels. :) Yes, you can cross the street and cut through Nordstrom into the Fashion Mall and then figure your way out and over to Treasure Island, but it is certainly not a convenient location. If you want quiet, then you might enjoy the hotel. For us, it was not convenient. Also, when one of us wanted to rest or sleep, the other had to go back to the room - there was no option of remaining downstairs to game. Walking alone in the middle of the night past the empty lot does not feel secure. Moreover, there are not sidewalks on the entire walk to the Strip - at times you must walk in the road.We did not use room service, the restaurants, or the bar, so I can't comment. You might enjoy this hotel if you are looking for a lovely non-smoking hotel without a casino, with okay service, that is a short heavily-trafficked walk off the strip. For us, it didn't fit.	
Oct 21 2009 	Read before you stay here!	My husband and I travel twice a year to Vega and usually stay at the Wynn, Encore, Palazzo or Venetian. This time we decided to try out the Trump. While the hotel is very clean, modern and priced right the hotel's location is very poor.First the pros:CleanNice roomsFood is decentBeautiful bathroomsCons:LocationResort FeeTrain NOISE starting at 3:30amI had read some of the reviews regarding the train noise so when I made the reservation I informed the agent of my concern and he assured me he would reserve a quiet room for us. If what we got was a quiet room I am afraid to know what a regular room is like. At 3:30am, 4:30, 5:30, 6:30 (you get the point) Sunday, Monday and Tuesday mornings the very LOUD train noise sounded like it was next door. We were on the 36 floor facing the Wynn hotel which is what they qualify as their quiet room. I went to the front desk and complained only to have the very nice lady explain to me that she couldn't do anything else because I was already in a quiet room. She went on to mention that this is a known problem and they are working with the city to see if they could get the train to stop blowing the horn when it passes literally on the side of their hotel. Now I knew why they were so accommodating and lowered the price to $89 when I made the reservation. While we were given a rate of $139 on Saturday and $89 on the other days once you add up all the dumb fees they tack on you are better off staying on the strip for $129 - $140 per night. They tag on a $15 resort fee to use their pool, spa and two 4oz waters they provide nightly. Now they tax you on the resort fee and the room rate (two different line items on your bill) just not worth it.One last thing to consider. The hotel is off the strip not a huge deal because the walk is not too far. However, at night the street that you must walk through to get to the hotel is very, very dark and the sidewalk is not paved so if you are not wearing sneakers you are in trouble. Most importantly, it is not a safe street. You have cabs, cars, and shuttles flying by especially at night and since no lighting exists you can easily get hit by a car. One night when we were walking back to the hotel we saw a couple nearly get hit by a shuttle. It was very scary because no one even saw the shuttle coming. They drive like maniacs on this street.	
Oct 21 2009 	Top-Notch Hotel But Not For Everyone...	PROS: Excellent Room, Clean &amp; Well Appointed, Mini Kitchen in Rooms, Awesome Bathroom, Comfortable Bed, Non-Gaming (NO CASINO HERE!), Non-Smoking, Great Price (least expensive 5-star hotel on the strip), Quiet &amp; Relaxed, Great Hotel Service.CONS: Slightly off the Strip, Plain-Jane Swimming Pool, Non-Gaming, Non-Smoking, No Nightlife.Our stay at Trump Las Vegas was great. The rooms are very nice, clean and well appointed with a mini kitchen (small fridge, stove burners, microwave, blender, toaster, pots and pans, dishes, silverware, glasses, etc) and a bathroom that included a jacuzzi tub, seperate shower, 2 sinks, makeup mirror, blow dryer, and giant mirror with a TV in it. In the lighted closet were bathrobes to use during our stay and an iron and ironing board. The flat screen TV was more than adequate and WiFi is available for a fee. A safe was located in the bottom dresser drawer.The staff was friendly and accomodating. It was my girlfriend's birthday so I asked if they could give us a room with a view of the strip, which they did, free of charge. Our studio suite was on the 58th floor with a fantastic view of Treasure Island, the Mirage, the Wynn, and the rest of the strip. My girlfriend asked an employee for some ice packs for her sore shoulder and they gave us 2 of them, free of charge. Check in &amp; Check out were hassle-free and took only about 5 minutes.Overall, the staff was very pleasant and professional. The housekeeping came every day and did an adequate job. They didn't try to come in when we had the &quot;do not disturb&quot; indicator on. We went to the pool for a couple hours each afternoon and upon returning to our suite it was clean, made up and we were given new towels, etc.Obviously smokers probably wouldn't want to stay here since the entire property is non-smoking. Also, if you can't deal with not having a casino in the hotel, don't stay here. Although I do like to gamble, this wasn't a problem for me. It was nice not having to deal with the commotion and people traffic of a casino every time we wanted to go up to our room. It's a short walk (or very quick cab ride) to the Wynn or Treasure Island, and a quick cab ride to just about anywhere else. You can cut through the Fashion Show Mall right across the street to get to the strip if you want, and grab a quick bite at the food court on your way. Also hit up the ABC store in the mall if you want to grab some cold drinks and snacks to stock your fridge. Unfortunately, if you want to really make use of the stove and other appliances, you will have to find a grocery store or hit up a 7-11. The pool is nothing spectacular itself, just a plain rectangular olympic lap pool, but the pool area is well appointed with 2 whirlpools, nice chairs and day beds, and waitress service, though the drinks were a bit pricey. But then again it IS a 5-star hotel on the Vegas Strip. If you are looking for an awesome pool try the Mirage. This hotel would be near-perfect with a more luxurious pool. There is a $15 per-day per-room service fee, which they should just do away with and raise the daily room rates by $15 and it would still be a good value. So many people complain about this fee because it is tacked on and paid at check-out. Just add it to the total price and no one will complain about it. Also, the in suite dining is priced outrageously ($75 for a NY Strip steak! And a la carte no less!) so either make use of those kitchen appliances or dine elsewhere. There is one restaurant on the premises, DJT, which we did not eat at but I'm sure the food is good, though expensive. There is a lobby bar, and snacks and drinks are available from H2eau, a casual eatery near the pool area. There is no nightclub or anything like that. There is a small gift shop in the lobby which sells some snacks &amp; drinks.Overall, it is probably one of the better hotels in Vegas and I'd recommend it to any non-smokers who don't care about the lack of a casino or the 5-minute walk to the strip. If you want to be in the heart of the strip with an awesome pool and casino, stay at the Mirage. It all depends on your needs and wants. It's not the best place for a group of mid-20s guys/girls looking to party, nor is it a good place for those on a tight budget who are looking for cheap drinks &amp; buffets on premises. It is more suited to couples and families looking for something elegant and laid back. I read a lot of mixed reviews on this hotel, but our experience was very positive. And we SAW the freight train from our room (that some reviewers complained of), but it never once woke us up. In fact we could barely even hear it as we watched it go by.BOTTOM LINE: I'm not a huge fan of &quot;The Donald&quot;, but I have to say this is truly one of the finest hotels I've ever stayed in, far better than the Trump casino/hotels in Atlantic City. Truly top notch. Fantastic Room, Friendly Service, Great Value!	
Oct 20 2009 	A great hotel- first class. Plus no gambling- what's not to like?	A very elegant 5 star hotel, with absolute first class amenities and service. The rooms are quite beyond description, and the bed absolutely the most comfortable I've ever slept on. Everyone in our group just loved this place. Great location 1 block off the strip, a block away from Wynn's, and no gambling at all on the hotel property. Denny's is a two block walk for good food at a real decent price. All the other hotels route you through the casino to go anywhere in the place, we hate that. This is our automatic destination in Las Vegas from now on!	
Oct 20 2009 	Great value 5* hotel	We stayed at the Trump from 4th to 16th and really enjoyed our stay.The hotel is only a couple of years old and very well maintained ,if a little gaudy.It is a non smoking hotel which we really liked,It does not have a Casino which will either be a plus or minus,for us this was a plus as the the hotel is always quiet and serene compared to other hotels in las vegas.The Hotel is located just off the strip,about a 5 min walk to the Wynn and Pallazzo Casinos and around 10 mins to Treasure Island.. The Hotel is located accross the road from the Fashion Show mall which has lots of shopping and dining options. The suites are large with beautiful bathrooms ,exceptioally comfortable beds and nice understated decor plus a kitchen and lots of storage/wardrobe space,and floor to ceiling windows giving great views of las vegas.We found the staff very helpful and efficient unlike some other posters on this site.Check in for us was also very quick at 8.00pm on a Sunday.The pool area is not large but still very nice with great beds, loungers .parasols etc. the pool itself is 4ft deep and not very large but adequate .The two restaurants and room service in the Hotel are really good if a little expensive as is the cost of drinks in the hotel.Be aware Trump charge a daily resort fee of $15+tax which is mandatory even if you do not use the facilities it covers(use of pool and fitness suite,valet car parking,2 bottles of water/day and a daily newspaper).There is a railway line nearby and Trains can be heard hooting at times , and could wake you up during the night/early morning. However we did not find this a particular problemOverall we thought this was a great value Hotel and worth its 5* rating.we paid $95/day average for a city View suite plus resort fee,and thought it well worth the money.	
Oct 20 2009 	Great hotel shame about the valet and internet reception	I really enjoyed staying in this hotel, at least for half of it anyway.The check in was easy, and the rooms are spacious and well apppointed. The bathrooms are also quite large and finished very nicely. The bed was luxurious, and the sheets and pillows made me want to sleep for days. And the view is quite nice too.However, we could not get a WiFi signal at all, having to go to the Business Center to get one. And our phone could not get reception in the room either.What really annoyed us was that our car had the seat, mirror and radio settings changed, and a big hand print on the bonnet clearly showed where they had closed the hood (it was a brand new model that had only just been released).I would have expected more from a Trump hotel, it's not as if it was a Travelodge. And the resort charge is $15 a day, for valet, etc.And the internet was $11.99, I got it free at a Marriott, why not a Trump hotel?	
Oct 18 2009 	Trump International Hotel - A Fantastic Experience	Recently my family and I stayed at the Trump International Hotel and Tower in Las Vegas. It was a wonderful experience. The suites were fantastic with beautiful views of the city and The Strip. Trump Hotel does not have a casino which was a major plus for us and it is totally smoke free another huge advantage. The staff, especially Daniel at the Bellman's desk was so helpful. We were travelling with a five month old child and everything was provided including a lovely crib with all the bedding, extra towels and anything else we might need. It was like being at home with all the conveniences. Daniel was very accommodating and understood the needs of a young family. Walking into the hotel and not having to go through a casino filled with smoke was wonderful and the fact that the air was so fresh and clean added to our holiday. The hotel is only a few years old and it is lovely. I would highly recommend staying at the Trump. Shopping is only a few steps away with the Fashion Square Mall across the street. There is a free shuttle operating from the Trump to Treasure Island Hotel and Casino. Suites are well furnished and are also equipped with refrigerators and safes.The Trump is a short distance from the Strip so you do not have the traffic noise. I highly recommend staying here - a delightful hotel with delightful staff.	
Oct 17 2009 	Beautiful hotel	We booked through their site. Don't expect them to e-mail you back you need to phone and book. I requested an upgrade to a corner suite with strip view which we received. The suite was lovely probably the biggest I have stayed in. It was my daughters 21st. I had read in other reviews that the hotel had done something special for birthdays however that we did not get, but maybe the upgrade was it. We had read in other reviews that it was a long walk to the strip, it isn't, easy 5 mins and if you don't want to do that you can walk through Fashon Mall which is directly across the road. The beauity of the Trump is that there isn't a casino, after the hussle and bussle on the strip it is nice to come back and get away from it. The Bell captain was very good and made you feel very welcome as did reception. I found the conciege to be lacking in customer service and in offering suggestions. On one occassion I wanted to get something from the gift shop which was closed and asked them to arrange this the answer I am finishing in 6 minutes. I wont go into trying to organise a cake for my daughters birthday in so far to say everything was a no (we need 48 hours notice) they seem not to be able to offer solutions. They are only on from 8am to 8pm again needed to be later.The restuarant downstairs is very good however closes at 10pm and this is also reflected in the room service menu, we found this to be too early for us. The pool area is very nice and pool gorgeous. As for the staff the girls are interested in their appearance and in serving male customers. It was difficult to get service, having said that the food was very good.A word of warning if you have allergies to soap powder then be aware that the sheets and towels may give you a rash. The second bathroom we had an ongoing problem with getting hot water, this was eventually rectified.If you have a do not disturb sign and then clear that later on don't asumme that they will come back and make up your room, you have to phone.Trump is a very nice hotel and I would recommend it.	
Oct 17 2009 	Nice but not a 5 star hotel	We got a decent deal on Priceline for this hotel, for a recent three day trip to Vegas. However, watch out for extra charges! There is an additional $15 per room per day charge for valet parking (we didn't have a car) and use of the pool (didn't want to use it). The charge isn't optional however, so it's just a bit of a racket. The internet would have been an additional charge (didn't use it). Even though we got a good room rate, there weren't any affordable dining options here so we ended up going elsewhere as opposed to having $50 breakfasts. It would have been much more convenient to have a hotel with these kinds of facilities.The hotel is right directly on train tracks. At least on the &quot;City View&quot; side, you can vividly hear the train. We were on the 42nd floor. The trains woke us up 2-3 times per night. We live right on a busy 6-lane street at home, and yet the train was loud enough to wake even us up. To move to the other side of the hotel was going to be $25 per night extra (facing the strip instead of the city). In retrospect, it would have been worth it because of the train noise.The rooms are so nice - great bathroom with a TV embedded in the mirror, huge tub, huge shower, just great. Comfy cushy beds too. The concierge was super helpful, and got us great tickets to Penn &amp; Teller.A few quick notes:- There isn't a casino at this hotel- It's a 10 minute walk off the strip- There is a mini kitchen in the rooms (fridge, stove top, microwave, sink)It was a nice hotel, but for the cost/inconvenience factors, we won't return.	
Oct 15 2009 	Great Hotel - No Casino	Used Priceline to book a hotel on a quick business trip in Vegas. Went with 5-star for $85 and got the Trump. The hotel is really in a good location beside Fashion Show Mall. It is not actually on the strip but set back about a quarter mile. You can tell they had big plans to expand towards the strip but I guess the economy stopped that. It is hard to miss the white and gold tower from any where, so not hard to find.The lobby is very modern and elegant. Lots of gold that drives next the tacky edge but never goes over. I was there on a Wednesday night, so no crowded. Went right up to a desk clerk and was checked in quickly. Room on 50th floor facing north (downtown). They would have upgraded to a &quot;strip&quot; view if I would have paid another $25. No need.The room was great. These must have originally been marketed as condo rooms because the were large. This was a king room and the layout was one large room with bed, seating area and bathroom. The difference was that the room also had a large mini-fridge, sink and built-in cooking surface. Plates and silverware where provided. Very well appointed. The room was modern wood and metal. Very elegant. The bed was low to the ground and had lots of pillows and great linens. It had an ultrasoft mattress that was comfotable. The sitting area was large with a full couch and two comfortable sitting chairs around a full size cocktail table. The whole outside wall was floor-to-ceiling window that had a great view of the mountains. There was an ample desk with comfortable chair. The TV was a flat screen but it was small compared to what you would expect with the rest of the room. The bathroom was a real highlight. Large with seperate doored water closet, oversized jetted tub and huge walk-in shower. There were two large sinks in the vanity that was also huge. Everything was spotless. If you judge a good hotel room by its bathroom, this is one of the best I have seen. The toilet area and shower have textured smoked glass that is incredible. My only complaint is that the shower was so large, it could have easily taken another shower head either in the other wall or overhead along with a shower seat. It seemed a waste to have all that space without some extras. The location was great to get anywhere on the strip. I had not been to the Fashion Show Mall in years, but a quick walk across the street and there you were. Really nice and had a great dinner at the sushi restaurant at the front of the mall. Was there during happy hour (3-7pm) and everything was half-off. It was great.Note that the hotel does not have a casino. That is so unusual for any hotel in Vegas - especially one this nice. No long walks through the casino, loud noises, etc. If you like to gamble, you have to go across the street to the Wynn or on the other side of the mall to Treasure Island.I would stay here again. My wife would love it. If I took the boys it would be to boring.	
Oct 14 2009 	Poor location. . .Squeaky bed. . .Thin windows. . .But AWESOME bathroom!	Let's start off with the positive.The exterior of the hotel is nice and as you enter into the foyer you find yourself surrounded by excellence. Very beautiful and impressive. LOVE the fact that the place is a smoke-free environment, a major plus. As we walked into the room (37th floor) we were very impressed. Amazing modern decor, stainless-steel kitchen (love the SubZero, nice touch), beautiful bedroom (nice view of the Deja Vu Showgirls &amp; Erotic Museum--lol), and the bathroom was the piece de resistance. The master bathroom has a shower for 2 and a hot-tub, not to mention a t.v. in the mirror of the his &amp; his sink area -- SWEET!Now, the not so good points of Trump International.They have the audacity to charge each room a $16 a day fee for two 4 oz. waters in your room, use of the pool and gym. Seriously? Totally ridiculous. The pool area is very small, especially for Vegas--boring, small lap pool (4' was the deepest point). The girl at check-in looked like she might work across the street at the &quot;gentlemen's club&quot; (a ton of pancake make-up and turquoise contact lenses, not very professional) and had a snobby demeanor. While our room was lovely, as we walked in I noticed a few stains on the carpet near the entry-way and the velvet-like couch had lint on it. The bed was too soft and felt unstable. The frame was squeaky, every time we moved it made loud squeaky noises and felt a tad wobbly. Our friend's had the same complaint with their bed--I've had better beds at the Best Western, seriously. Also, the windows are so thin we could hear every siren all through the night. . . .so much for Trump providing only the &quot;Best&quot;.A nice hotel, but not worth the price.	
Oct 14 2009 	Not quite 5 star.	Overall the property is very nice. Upgraded from a studio to a 1 bedroom suite at an additional $50.00 per night. The suite is twice the size of the studio. Suite was nicely furnished with a L shaped sectional that converts into a bed. My roommate slept in it, but I found it very uncomfortable. Very thin mattress, but my roommate seemed to enjoy it as he slept for 8 hours every day. Called housekeeping to make up the pull up at 2:00am and they were very accomodating. As I stated overall the hotel is fine, but there were a few small things that didn't get done. One day houskeeping didn't clean our room even though we had the indicator on. I woke up early and asked to have the wake up call cancelled, but it still rang. Found small pieces of broken plastic in the bathroom and in the carpet of the bedroom. Things like this I expect to be taken care of at a 5 star hotel. The train didn't wake me up, but i did notice it when I was awake. ?? Did not use any of the facilities of the hotel. Did order room service though. $5.00 service charge for delivery and addional 18% gratuity and taxes added to the bill. $17.00 trump burger turns into $27.27.	
Oct 13 2009 	expensive not well located	This hotel is one block from the strip beside the fashion mall, but there are not iluminated sidewalks, so is dark at night when you walk to the hotel, for that money you can get a better located hotel. The other bad thing is the resort fee that they charge daily for the park and wet zone, not matter if you use it or not. the rooms ara charming and clean.	
Oct 13 2009 	simply PERFECT	One of the most beautiful and luxurious hotel I have ever seen in all my lifeAll was perfect: the hall full of perfume, the receptionists, the relaxing athmosphere, the marvellous room, the funny swimming pool, the gym...And the bed was so huge and comfortable!A lot of hotels in Las Vegas are kitsch: too many marms, too many gold things, too many lights and sounds...This hotel was simple but very elegant...quiet (because there is no casino inside the hotel) and charmingTh only bad thing is the 15 $ fee for every day you stay (I prefer one total price, not the price plus 15 $)But the hotel was...absolutely a wonderful dream!	
Oct 12 2009 	Best stay ever!	Some notes from an enjoyable vacation during the last week of September..The studio suite is much bigger than we had imagined, immaculate and with all the advertised amenities. Bathroom is really large with a jetted tub, separate shower and toilet areas and an extra large vanity (The TV embedded in the mirror is something new!). King size bed/extra soft pillows has to be among the best we ever slept on. Lot of closet space, extra large LCD TV, kitchenette with cooktop and some essentials. We were upgraded to a strip view on the higher floors for a small acceptable fee. And boy! they got some really fast elevators here.Being a non-smoking hotel with no casinos, it is a quiet retreat from the smoky and loud casino hotels on the strip. Good place to crash down after all that hard work making money at the casinos.There is a 15$ resort fee (per day), but we were aware of this fact and is charged by almost all hotels there. We also tried out the breakfast in room and food/service was pretty good, and pricing fairly reasonable. The stay gave us a feeling of royalty!Definitely staying here again on a return trip!The fashion show mall (pretty big one) is just across the road from Trump's exit. Can be used as a shortcut to Treasure Island casino and beyond for those preferring to walk. Having a rental car is better though, as casinos further down south of the strip like MGM and Mandalay are pretty far away. Car parking is free at all casinos, and that really helps roam around quickly. We had a day trip to Hoover dam and GrandCanyon planned, so a car was absolutely essential. Also we generally saw long queues for the bus.Tix4Tonight (for discount show tickets) is in front of the Mall on the Las Vegas Blvd side, we got discount tickets for Blue Man Group (50$) and Mac King Comedy/Magic (20$). Both highly recommended and a tad cheaper than other Cirque O Soliel shows. The lines begin forming at 9:30 and they open at 10AM. They have a coupon online which helps you get rid of the service charge.Stratosphere tower is further north of the Trump, hosting those extreme rides. We took the XScream, that shoots you down and dangles you from the edge of the 108th floor. One scary ride, just lasts about 2 minutes, but definitely worth taking. Sit in the front 2 seats if possible, as you will extend well beyond the rails before abruptly stopping giving you one hell of an experience of nothingness below!There are a few souvenier shops between Trump and Stratosphere, mostly near the Sahara. The easiest/fastest way back to the airport/car rental place. Take the Las Vegas Blvd, turn left on Sands ave (between Wynn and Venetian) drive upto Paradise Ave and then turn right. Its a straight road all the way from there on!Also a note for those who are from out of state and driving to Grand Canyon, Arizona has a photo enforcement policy, so drive 11 miles above the speed limit and there is a chance you may get snapped along the way. No points on the license I believe, but you do get a souvenir picture and approx 200$ fine :) Posted speed limit for most of the journey is 75, but it changes at certain sections.	
Oct 12 2009 	I would come back to Trump Tower Hotel but...	I spent a week end at the Trump Hotel with my husband a some friends.We had a nice large room at the 37th Floor. The bathroom too is great, but unfortunately the Jacuzzi didn't work.Then it's 5 minutes walk from the Strip and it has no casino inside, so thanks God it's not so noisy and smoke smelling like others hotel.The swimming pool is fine and it has a great pool service.If the Jacuzzi worked and the cleaning room didn't forgot to empty the garbage basket and to leave the laundry bag I would agree it's a luxury hotel, but unfortunately it's not for these mistakes.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great value but location could be better	Definitely one of the nicest hotels I've ever stayed in. Rooms were incredible, and the hotel is fairly new so everything is in excellent condition. TV in the bathroom mirror was definitely a treat. The location is decent, within walking distance to a number of casinos on the Strip. To reach the Strip, you have to either walk by an abandoned lot, or try to cross the street with taxis whizzing by. It was a little bit dangerous, particularly at night. But once you get to the Strip, there is plenty nearby to keep you busy.	
Oct 12 2009 	The latest and one of the best of Vegas	one of the quietest and cleanest hotels of vegas.The front desk clerk upgraded me to a one bedroom suite, which was fantastic. Even without the upgrade, the hotel was well worth it. We loved the valet parking, room service and decor. Very clean--very quiet. The kitchenette was a fabulous convenience, though we only used the mini fridge and coffee pot. Had our stay been longer, we would have used it more. I would love to stay at the Trump again!	
Oct 10 2009 	perfect for family with baby	I'm traveling with a baby, so I'm avoiding a big hotel with casino in the lobby mainly because of the noise and smoke. Trump Hotel don't have a noisy smoky casino, so this is perfect. Plus the room have a fridge and a mini kitchen that works perfectly to prepare food for the baby.I also love the bathroom. Big, spacious, with a mirror TV and jacuzzi tub. Very nice.	
Oct 9 2009 	Wonderful Hotel!	We loved this hotel because of the large room, friendly service, nice workout facilities, and great pool lounge chairs.	
Oct 9 2009 	What a disappointment the most important part of sleeping is the bed.	We thought we hit the mother load, until we arrived. There it started out with discrepencies at check in and finding out we are paying additional 16.80 per day for the pool and a 4oz. bottle of water per day. That included days that the pool was closed due to &quot;wind&quot;.It was scary walking past a old parking toll booth on the sidewalk converted to a sleeping box filled with belongings of a homeless person, the sidewalk filled with broken glass, trash and old clothes and tire littering the sidewalk. Real trashing area after dark, not to forget the extra distance off the strip to only this hotel.We called housekeeping every day to ask for linens and water. Seems they can't get it all done unless you drive the completion.Trump really missed the most important piece that people expect at a five star, the bed. They told me the sofa was just like regular bed. They lied. I have owned a good sofa bed and slept on comfortably, but this was not even close. It even looked trashy covered in lint. The first night we asked for the bed to be made because they didn't provide the linens to make it up. We gave them 1 1/2 hours and they still needed another prompt to show up late. A sheet was placed on the mattress, yes no pad and no protection between you and the mattress. Yikes that was the worst quality day bed, mostly like a hammock except directly on the springs. The bed was so soft it also sagged, also no bed pad. The worst hotel quality you may yet to have experienced. They will tell you up on the 54th floor you won't hear the train every night and morning, but trust me you will hear it loud and clear unless you are deaf. Also this is a non smoking hotel but you can't get in or out of the hotel without going through the cloud of smokers positioned at the doors having a smoke fest. I would not for these reasons ever consider Trump a second time. They still have issues with the water temp. don't plan on a hot shower and you will be fine.	
Oct 9 2009 	Beautiful	It was a great place to stay. My room was beautiful. I appreciated not having a casino to walk through. I found the very short walk to &quot;the strip&quot; easy. You can pay for valet parking or you can park right across the street in the mall parking lot for free. I did not like the restricted pool hours or the daily $15 resort fee and having to pay for inroom internet service	
Oct 9 2009 	Nice if you can get it for a discount	Overall a nice hotel. I would not pay the regular price but you can it reasonably priced on Hotwire or Priceline. If you want something upscale and with no casino, I recommend it. I stayed in a studio room which was very nice with a really nice bathroom. One disadvantage is no chance for getting room comped like you can at a casino. Valet service is slow in the mornings. Be aware of the 'Resort Fee' ($15 a day). This is definitely a DUMB fee but other places in Vegas are also starting to charge it too. Even considering the cons, I have booked another stay in January 2010.	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice quiet hotel.	If you want to go to Vegas but you don't want to feel like a sardine in a can, pick Trump International. It is about 1 block off of the Strip across the street from Fashion Show Mall, Wynn Hotel and Encore Hotel. You'll experience a clean hotel with extremely friendly staff but with less &quot;partying&quot; and noise like some of the other Strip hotels. My husband and I would walk about 2 blocks to get to the Deuce buses to travel up and down the Strip when we wanted to see the sights. Rooms are large with marble bathrooms, jacuzzi tubs, shower stalls and floor to ceiling windows. But be prepared to spend a little money. Although I got a great room deal ($500 for a Sat-Wed stay), they do tack on a daily fee for use of the pool/spa/health club, a resort tax, and room service can be a bit expensive with the delivery charge and 20% gratuity that are automatically added on. You are better off just going downstairs to the restaurant to eat. Other than that, we had a really nice stay and would definitely pick another Trump hotel in the future.	
Oct 8 2009 	Inconvient Location	There were three of us using the room, so it was necessary for us to use the pull out bed. When it was opened, it had dirty linen on the mattress. Also, the bath tub was nasty. There was body hair in it, and it felt as if it had only been wiped out. I called Housekeeping and they came rather quickly to change sheets and clean tub. It would have been nice if there were pots and pans to use on the stove. Not sure, but it looked like an induction stove, and regular pots won't work on those. Room was beautiful, but didn't get the Luxury Hotel fee at all. All we got was a newspaper everyday, but I could have gotten it elsewhere far cheaper. It is a good long walk to get anywhere. Hotel did not have vending machines, so you need to bring snacks with you. Hotel was not worth the $142.00 per night we paid. It was nice, but didn't even have shuttle service. Treasure Island had a nice shuttle that was in use on weekends, for free. Next time, we stay in the middle of the strip so we don't have to walk, or take a taxi so far.	
Oct 8 2009 	Beautiful suites mellow pool scene	Trump, as always, has great attention to detail. The suites (w/kitchenette) are elegantly decorated, the master bathroom is massive and even has a mini tv built into the mirror. Great place to go with your significant other if you're looking for a high-end luxurious place to be mellow at...there is no casino, no real pool scene and the lobby bar is pretty basic...	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice quiet and clean	For a Vegas hotel with all the amenities minus the casino, the Trump offers the best value and the best in comfort! We were impressed with the quiet, the comfort and the cleanliness. Great pool, great food, great service! The only thing we didn't care for was the mandatory extra fee upon checkin for use of the pool, etc.	
Oct 8 2009 	Beautiful alternative to casino hotels	The Trump International Hotel and Tower Las Vegas is a great alternative to the strip casino hotels. It is steps away from the strip, directly across the street from Fashion show mall. Because it does not have a casino, it's quiet and serene. The rooms are well appointed with luxurious fixtures, furniture and linens. A no brainer for non-gamblers like us, but also a good choice for those who come to gamble but appreciate a little solitude during the down time.	
Oct 8 2009 	Not a great hotel for 20-somethings...	The Trump Hotel is definitely really nice, and clean, and we got an amazing deal through Perfect Escapes when we booked our room. The restaurant downstairs even has an affordable pre-fixe menu. But the lack of a bar/club/casino makes it a wash for 20-somethings. Fortunately, it's not a far walk from the strip and it's right across the street from Venetian and Palazzo, as well as all the shopping and restaurants around the corner. I would stay again if I wanted a more quiet trip, but if you're there to party or even see shows, you're better off staying at a hotel on the strip.	
Oct 6 2009 	Perfect!	Very nice! I had a wonderfull say at Trump. The room is huge, with everything they promised on the site!We went to Venetian later and stayed there just one night, and came back to Trump!If I go to Vegas again, certanly I will stay at Trump!	
Oct 1 2009 	The Trump Hotel Trumps the Others	We booked this hotel via Expedia as a Fly/Hotel package deal back in May and stayed September 25-28, 2009. We booked a regular suite during our original reservations. However, upon arrival (and after flashing my military ID card) the young lady upgraded us to a one bedroom suite. Check-in was great. However, they didn't have our reservation in the system when we arrived which worried us. We were told that reservations coming in from Expedia weren't actually input right away. I said, &quot;Uuh yeah but we've had these reservations for months so how would be have been assured of the room we pre-paid?&quot; She said it happens all the time and no biggy. After a phone call it was taken care of with no problems.When we arrived in our apartment we just about went crazy! Absolutely BEAUTIFUL. The place was HUGE and in all honesty, two of us could have lived here indefinitely. haha! Huge living room, dining area, full kitchen with Sub-Zero appliances...real/beautiful oven, dishwasher, etc...all stainless. Granite counters, all utensils, plates, cups, glasses, etc. There was a full bathroom off the living room. Flat screen TV and a great sectional. Then you go into the huge bedroom with a California king bed/featherbed. Another flat screen, TONS of closets, storage and a safe. And now the best part...you walk into the master bathroom that is as big as the bedroom...HUGE walk-in 2 shower headed shower (room enough for like 6 people), a jacuzzi tub, a separate water closet, a desk/light (yes in the bathroom), double vanity with a TV built into the mirror...fabulous!!!The service was amazing, the room service (which we had several times) was great, and the bedding/linens were very high end. We loved it that The Trump does NOT have a casino so they concentrate solely on your hotel stay without the distraction of others coming into the hotel demanding service. We'll DEFINITELY stay here again when we come to Vegas. It's DIRECTLY across the street from The Fashion Mall (which is great) and a little off the main strip which we also liked a lot.I can't speak of this place highly enough...stay here, you'll LOVE it!!	
Oct 1 2009 	Awesome room wish it was a little closer to the strip	I loved this room, it was probably the nicest hotel room I have ever stepped foot in. It had an amazing view of the strip, my room was on the the 55th floor. I stayed here because of a very good priceline deal, and my room really was worth every cent. It's only real drawback i found was that it was a bit off the strip, which lead to plenty of walking. It had one of the best beds I've had the chance to lay my back in, which is great for &quot;recovering&quot; in Vegas. The bathroom was spacious, with a walk in marble shower, and jacuzzi tub. The room was spotlessly clean in every way, and the bathrobes are a nice added bonus. The lobby was plentifully staffed at all times, and every dealing i had with them was pleasant. There is a &quot;resort fee&quot; that covers the pool, amenities, and parking, but it was not unreasonable. My stay was an overall great experience.	
Sep 30 2009 	'Fantastic' definately return	Great Hotel, great facilities, great staff. Definately return in future. Highly recommended	
Sep 29 2009 	Amazingly nice people - very sparkley!	My husband &amp; I stayed at the Trump for our anniversary &amp; it was a great experience. We booked on Hotels.com and paid for everything up front but unknown to us was that they charge an extra $15/day for parking &amp; some other stuff. It wasn't that big of a deal but it would have been nice to know ahead of time. The rooms were great - the people there are amazingly nice &amp; helpful. The Spa was great - I booked a Classic Trump Massage for a birthday present to myself &amp; enjoyed every moment of it. It is slightly off the strip but pretty close to the Wynn hotels &amp; across the street from the Fashion Show mall. We actually enjoyed walking through the mall to get to the strip - it's air conditioned, for one! :)Also - the hotel does not allow smoking inside &amp; does not have a casino. For us, that was great, but it may be a deal-breaker for others. The hotel is beautiful &amp; just immaculate all the time. We enjoyed ourselves &amp; will definitely stay again.	
Sep 28 2009 	Great hotel	Very nice room; fridge, microwave, awsome views, they even had a real crib not a pack and play! Amazing bathroom!! A short walk to the strip. The hotel was very clean and staff was friendly, valet was a bit slow at times. Was very relaxing and quiet.	
Sep 28 2009 	The best hotel ever	Loved the rooms, services, very clean, peaceful, would love to visit again really soon, the train did'nt bug at all. All the staff was very nice, professional, we were there for five days, 18 Sept-23 Sept	
Sep 27 2009 	Excellent service	We stayed in the 1 bedroom suite, south strip view on a higher floor. Room has 2 full bathrooms. Main bathroom has extra large double showers and large jacuzzi tub. Extra large vanity area. marble flooring and walls, and TV in the mirror. Room has Floor to ceiling windows. Bed very comfortable, Room has full kitchen along with a large bar. Sitting area has large flat screen. I'd compare to a really nice vacation condo. Staff was super. We've traveled throughout the country and I'd have to say the staff is top notch.Service was great from check-in to the valet. If you want a nice hotel and don't want the smoke and noise of a casino this is it. After a day out it's nice coming back to a quiet property without having a long walk through a noisy smoky casino.Just drive up to the friendly valet and a short walk to the elevator and you're in your room. Shopping is super close. Nordstrom's entrance is immediately across the street from the front of the hotel. Fashion Show Mall has Neiman Marcus and the usual stores.Property is about a 2 block walk to the strip and add another block if you want to get the monorail to access other properties on the south strip. If you opt for the strip double decker bus, prepare to wait to get on and it's usually crowded. We opted to drive and use complimentary parking.Overall High Quality, excellent staff, great location and smoke free.	
Sep 27 2009 	Not the typical Vegas hotel	The hotel is really nice, comfortable although a bit tacky with all the golden decorations. I got it at Priceline for $105 per night but then I decided to upgrade to a high floor with Strip view (+$25) plus the resort fee of $15 and $5 tax, ending in $150. The Strip view is not that awesome because the hotel is not close enough to where the action is. Yes, it is like 2 blocks from the Strip at its north end so it is not the most convenient location to stay. Many people may find this and the fact that it has no casino as an advantage as the lobby is not packed with visitors as other hotels. In my case, I would have preferred to stay in any hotel in the center Strip to get the full Vegas experience. The pool is worth a visit.. cool and trendy ambiance. I heard the train twice but it's not a big deal at all.	
Sep 26 2009 	Beautiful Suites Poor Service	My wife and I just got back from a three day stay at the Trump Las Vegas. While the hotel suite is beautiful and well worth the 5 star rating, we could not believe the overall poor service we received. We chose to stay at the Trump after a two week trip to Alaska and we were looking to relax and recharge our batteries.We arrived with several bags, the valet did not assist us in unloading the car - there was no bell hop present and no door man so we basically had to handle all of our luggage without anyone even raising an eye to offer to call for assistance.During the check in process, the hotel clerk loudly announced that since we booked our reservation through priceline.com we would be receiving the lowest quality suite grade in their hotel. He was clearly grandstanding as we caught startled glances from the couple checking in besides us. This was completely unnecessary.The suites are great and contain every amenity possible, but it was hard for us to ignore the poor service we received. Even after our check in experience we tried to keep an open mind, but the staff had an air of arrogance with the exception of the valet staff (minus our initial check in). There was never a door man present (occasionally the valets would open the door if they were available).We have stayed at all the other 5 star hotels in Las Vegas and we received far superior treatment in each of them.Also, for those not very familiar with vegas - the Trump does not have a casino and is located slightly off the strip by the wynn hotel and the fashion mall so it is not as accessible as most of the other hotels.	
Sep 23 2009 	Loved it	This is a beautiful hotel. We were on the 27th floor, did not hear a train, maybe that's if you're lower. It is all non-smoking so it smelled great. The pool is beautiful, rooms clean and the bed very comfortable. The only improvement I would recommend would be to finish off the sidewalk going to the strip or provide some sort of safer way to cross the street. The area really wasn't scary in a creepy way, just unfinished with vacant lot next to it.	
Sep 23 2009 	Great hotel	Bottom line - wonderful, spacious, gorgeous.I attended a conference in mid-March at Wynn's Encore hotel. I couldn't stay at the ostentatious and overpriced Encore, so I found a nearby hotel. I was about to pull the trigger on a room at Treasure Island, but saw that Trump was nearby and checked prices there. I was able to get a standard room for under $90 a night and jumped on it. Don't know if you can get that kind of deal of again, but my total bill was under $200 for two nights. A studio is going for around $250 a night right now. It was an amazing bargain.One of the things I really like about this hotel is that while it is luxurious, it isn't garish. Compared to a lot of other Vegas hotels, it is classy and clean. The basic room has a cooktop, small fridge and tons of closet space. The bathroom is gorgeous - decked out in marble with a deep, spa tub and huge shower. The bed is firm, perhaps overly so, and there is both a sofa and lounge chair.At $250 a night, I don't know that I'd stay here again. That's a bit too rich for my blood, but if I was going to Vegas and it was under $100 a night again, I'd stay in a heartbeat.	
Sep 22 2009 	cool luxury	from the moment you walk in to the scented lobby, this is a calm oasis in a crazy city. the reception was friendly and efficient and no queue to check in.the room was beatifully modern. marble bathrooms, comfy beds and fabulous bedroom furniture.pool area was large enough and beds plentiful, though this was a quiet time.not only was this a superb find, opposite the fashion show mall and very close to the Wynn, but we got a great deal by bidding on Priceline.one delighted customer!	
Sep 20 2009 	Not Bad	Booked the hotel thru Priceline.I have both good and bad comments about this hotel. Trump Hotel has exceptional staff, great service, very nice lobby.Location is good and bad, depending on what you are looking for. There is no casino in the hotel, thus it is very quiet, which is great and relaxing, while all other hotels on the strip are all very busy and crowded. Trump is not exactly on the strip, if you do not drive, it takes a bit of a walk. If you drive, valet service is great, and the driveway is pretty wide, thus traffic (valet + cabs) goes by quickly, while other hotels are very crowded and congested. But since there is no casino, there is no self-park, valet is the only option and they charge you $15 +tax resort fee per night to cover the valet and two small bottles of water and access to the pool (pool is pretty small). Personally I do not think it worths the $ comparing to other strip hotels, and it is just a total rip-off if you do not drive. They also charge ~$12 per 24 hours of internet access.Trump is just next by the FashionShow Mall, which is great.Trump is also next to the railway, the train can be a bit noisy. But it did not bother me too much as I was very tired every night after a day of fun and it was not hard to fall asleep. This hotel is rated for 5*, which I would expect everything is in high standard. I feel that part of the hotel is 5* and part of it is not up to the par. Lobby and staff are exceptional, it gives you a 5* feel right away, but I do not feel the same for the room. The design of the air vent is just bad, it keeps rattling the whole night and this keeps us awake, not the loud train. We were given the 49th floor the first night, the next morning, we asked for a room changed. They gave us another room, but it was worse, with duct tape taping the vents (and still hear the rattling sound!) How ugly and just not acceptable! my Hubby went back to the lobby, pass the 2nd room keys back to the staff and without him saying anything, the staff knew we were not happy and asked us to wait. Glady they upgraded us to a 1-bedroom corner suite on the 58th floor. View was amazing. All vent has the same design, but maybe it is on a upper floor, it is not as noisy (and train is not that loud too). So we stayed on this 1-bedroom suite for the remaining nights. Beside the bad ventilation design, other things I feel not to the par is the design of the closet space - with a big room, there aren't too many spaces for our clothes and we got a closet with just a hanger rod with no hangers and no shelves. The other thing is the toilet paper they pick, its so thin and rough. The shower head is not strong enough, and not sure where to hang my towels so i can grab it easily right after shower. The bathroom is huge, but again, there is not much space to put our stuff and it feels like a big empty space, not functional enough. Some part of the wallpaper has bubbles and seems like it is going to peel off soon... However, I have to say the bed is very comfortable, the tv in the mirror in the bathroom is nice, and overall i enjoyed the stay (only because they switch us to a room not that is not noisy). But given the options in Vegas, I would not recommend this hotel to a friend.	
Sep 18 2009 	Mini suites for mini sheckles	Extended family descended to Las Vegas for the 21rst birthday of our niece. While the other family members chose theme-parked mid-strip hotels the size of Texas, we checked into the Trump Towers and loved everything about the more intimate and understated hotel, especially the design of the one bedroom suites with a gynormous master bath including soaking tub and rainfall shower for two (or more, its Vegas Baby). Our college student slept (so she says) on the L-shaped couch that converted into a very large sofabed. She had her own full bath (thankfully) and 24 hour access to the subzero refrigerator in the small but efficient kitchen. We loved the pool and poolside cafe while our college student preferred a more &quot;kids gone wild&quot; atmosphere at one of the themed hotels. By daylight if we were not at the pool, we walked across the street and entered the Mall on Steroids through the Nordstrom entrance.Taking a 20 year old &quot;impoverished&quot; student to the Mall was my biggest gamble.This is a respite from the strip, casinos and all night clubs. If you prefer the casino, club and show environment - this hotel is not for you. We visited the strip hotels but were relieved to return to the quiet and relaxing Trump Hotel.During the present state of the economy we were able to book a one bedroom suite at very reasonable prices. Try going direct through the hotel before you try alternate booking sites. Remember you can always upgrade and negotiate once you check-in.	
Sep 17 2009 	Spa was wonderful. Didn't stay in hotel but might next visit	This is just about the spa though hotel is smoke free! Beautiful inside and spa is lovely. Had a perfect facial. Amenities were very nice. Service impecable.	
Sep 15 2009 	Fab hotel - Would definately go back	I stayed here with my husband, and had a fantastic time! The room was comfortable and spacious, and fully equipped with the best of everything. The bed was dreamy. I did read some reviews about the Train being noisey as it passed by but to be honest, it wasn't a problem for us at all! And neither was the pool music. We were on the pool side of the hotel but on 45th Floor which may have helped.Overall, we had an amazing stay here!	
Sep 14 2009 	Nice rooms shame about the loud train.	The hotel's failure to soundproof the windows against the loud train that runs near the hotel at night is a serious issue. To mitigate the noise, choose a room on the side facing the Strip, on a high floor.Apart from that issue, the Trump is a perfectly nice hotel. The rooms are spacious, attractive, functional and well maintained. Service is friendly and professional. There is no casino, which is a plus or minus depending on your point of view. Room service is prompt and the food is tasty.If they find a way to fix the noise issue, I would certainly recommend the hotel; otherwise probably not.	
Sep 11 2009 	Hotel lived up to the TRUMP NAME	My husband and I stayed at this Hotel because we had stayed thee before in June. We went for my Birthday, and we had A wonderful time. The Hotel is beautiful, the rooms are spaceous, and had everything we needed in them, even a &quot;safe&quot; We enjoyed the service as well.. I aways hate when it is time to go home.. We also went shopping, which is right across from the Hotel.. I have told all my friends about this Hotel, and I will be returning again, and again, and again............Johnette from Bakersfield, CA.	
Sep 10 2009 	Great Rooms well off the Strip	Stayed at the Trump over Labor Day, booked through Priceline, had a great room on the 42nd floor. Large comfortable bed with a kitchenette (which went unused), HD TV, lounge area and a huge bathroom with a jacuzzi tub and TV. The room was very clean though there is maid service only once a day, the staff was friendly and attentive, they got us great seats for Zumanity the same day. There is only valet parking which can take some time during the busy parts of the day and the pool area is packed, so go early if you want a good spot. Though the Trump is right across from Nordstrom and the Fashion Show Mall, it is a pretty good walk to the Strip, the Wynn is probably the closest casino to the Trump. I had no problems with the reported train noise, though my girlfriend said she heard it a few times. Also at checkout, they comped the resort fee and the internet fee for me so that was a nice surprise.	
Sep 10 2009 	The Trump is an Excellent Hotel  Highly recommend for couples	I was granted my 3 day Labor getaway to the Trump by way of Priceline. At first I was a little disappointed by some of the horrible reviews , but I figured I would make the best of the situation and approach this hotel with a clean perspective. My boyfriend and I arrived at 12pm , and we were greeted by courteous valet and bell men who immediately took our luggage and showed us to the front desk where we waited patiently on a line. Upon check in , we were upgraded to a suite with a view of the strip. The hotel lobby was immaculate , clean , and there were no riff raff hanging out. We checked into our lovely suite and went to the pool. The pool was an ultimate pleasure! It was Labor Day weekend , there was a good energy about the place , we were able to get a poolside couch with no problem , and the pool was perfect for just lounging. There was a super cool DJ playing very sexy carribean music which was well suited for the pool's atmosphere. We ended up getting trashed by the pitcher of mojitos that we ordered poolside , which was nice.In regards to getting in and out of the hotel and out to the strip, there was no problem. If we wanted a cab , there was one waiting for us. If we wanted to drive our own car, valet brought it within minutes. I truly do not see what the issue was for some travelers. I am not being overly generous on this hotel either. I've stayed at 5 start hotels all over the world in Hong Kong , Bangkok , New York , &amp; Singapore. I would've liked it if they had more restuarant selections and flexibility in the hours of operation.Overall , this is a great little spot for us to travel to and I will return.	
Sep 9 2009 	Ripp Off	1. They charge 15$ per room to use the swimming pool &quot;THE RESORT&quot;2. They charge 13$ per minute, incoming and outgoing calls to California. I was charge 91$ for seven 5 seconds call. 3. My wife's foot got slammed by the swimming pool door, when she asked for a tylenol. They said no. (they didn't want to be held raliable)4. Last but not least, with no Casino in the hotel, its just too quiet for a stay in Vegas. Its also a good 15 minute walk to get to the middle of the las vegas strip	
Sep 9 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	I travel extensively and have stayed in more hotels than I can ever recall. The Trump Las Vegas was a memorable experience in high end comfort. The room was fabulous and every detail in the hotel was high quality. We moved to another high end hotel (Venitian) and could not stop comparing the Trump as the level of quality which we preferred. The Trump is more focused on couple travel even though there were a few families. Overall experience was a 10 and I look forward to returning to this great hotel!!	
Sep 8 2009 	Do not leave personal items in your room! 'Do not disturb' sign means nothing.	We stayed here over Labor Day weekend - just two nights. We went out to lunch on the second day, and left the Do Not Disturb sign lit. Upon our return, we noticed that the Housekeeping light was on. When we entered the room, a few items had been moved around (pillow placed on bed), trash was removed and that was it. Our used soap had been taken but not replaced. I called the front desk and explained to them that our room had been entered even though we had the DND disturb on. They apologized politely and said they would send up new soap and clean glasses right away. 20 minutes later, we heard nothing from them so we went downstairs to meet our friends at the pool as scheduled (left the DND sign on again). Upon returning to the room 45 minutes later, we found two new glasses sitting by the sink. I called the front desk again and received a return phone call from housekeeping who said they would investigate why people kept entering our room. We ended up carrying around all valuables for the remaining time we were there, and ended up checking out at 7 am just to get out of there. The room itself was lovely, and we were extremely pleased with our choice at first. However I will never return to this hotel. Luckily I left no valuables in the room the first time we went out. We heard nothing from the hotel after we made the first few calls to complain. If you choose to stay here for the comfortable rooms, please do not bring anything valuable, and expect that even on the 44th floor, there will be enough noise to make it sound like a full-blown club is next door. The valets were very nice, but that is the extent of polite service at this hotel. Everyone else was indifferent at best. If you're looking for your privacy to be respected, this is not the hotel for you.	
Sep 7 2009 	Absolutely fantastic... Bargain for the price!	Good day Trippies,I'm currently staying at the Trump. I have not left yet so I am writting this review while my memories are fresh. The Trump far exceeded my expectations. We managed to get a room for $108 per night on priceline. I do think we could have done better but I really wanted this hotel and didn't want to spend days bidding to save a few bucks. The Trump certainly won't dissapoint at $108 a night. I have paid triple for bad rooms in Vegas. The rooms are ultra modern, clean and large. The beds are so amazing like being on clouds. You really won't want to get out of bed. We've used room service and eaten at the retaurant here. The food is outstanding but do keep in mind it is pricey.... But Vegas is that kind of town. Before I booked I read other reviews of the Trump on tripadvisor prior to booking this hotel. I did notice that people complained about nickle and diming. Although I'm not a fan of nickel and diming I think I you can keep in mind that you are getting a quality room with outstanding service for $108 bucks you do have to respect they have to make money somewhere. They do have a $15/day resort fee which is typical in hotels of this caliber. They do have free valet BUT parking fee is $14 per night. So expect around $30 misc fees per night. I thought the hotel is worth it. I would recommend a $25 studio suite upgrade of the strip. I'm in Room 5702 so 57th floor with direct view of the strip. Also the room is very quiet on the strip view side of the hotel. One thing I have to mention is that the bathrooms are incrdible at the Trump. Check out the pictures on mu review. The jet tubs are amazingly clean. There is also a flat panel tv built in to the mirror so you can watch tv while getting ready. Trump is also nice since there is no loud casino. I'm not a gambler so it's nice to come back somewhere quiet after being on the strip all day. Check out my pictures. I hope this helps you choose a place to stay in Vegas.	
Sep 6 2009 	You either will love it or hate it: We loved it!	The reviews are accurate, at least in terms of the facts on the hotel. That said, we loved our 4 day stay at the Trump hotel in late August, early September. We were also one who received this hotel on Priceline for $90/night. Also, were concerned about some of the comments from previous guests, all of which turned out to be factual. Still, we decided to give it our best shot and see what happens. First, the valet. I agonized over this, hating the fact that there was no self parking. For short hops, I did use the Fashion Show Mall's parking lot, across the street, yes, to avoid the $2-$5 valet tips. I wasn't just about the money, but more about the time it took to park and retrieve the car. When we knew we were in for the night, then we would valet park, which is included in the $15 resort fee.The resort fee of $15 per day included the parking, 2 bottles of water in the room each day, and use of the fitness facility (which nobody in our party used), was not unreasonable, although other Vegas hotels have free parking and free hotel pools and fitness facilities that are, by far, superior to the mini-size pool of the Trump hotel.The rooms and public facilties have to be the main selling point of this hotel. Beautiful, modern and fashionable in all respects. The bathroom with seperate shower and tub, two sinks, enclosed toilet area and, yes, TV in the mirror are, overall, very impressive.The room itself was large with a King bed, 2 seater couch and 2 easy chairs. The couch unfolds into a double bed, although with a matress far inferior to the one on the King size bed. The kitchenette has everything but a stove, and there is two of everything: mug, cups, cutlerly, plates, etc. Unlike another reviewer, there were pots and pans supplied in our room, including a blender and stove kettle.Our room, 4319, overlooked the &quot;city&quot;. This meant we were not overlooking the strip, but had beautiful views of downtown Las Vegas, which looked beautiful at night, and the mountains, which looked beautiful all day.The elevators were, as another reviewer noted, the fastest I've ever and I seldom ever had to wait more than 30 seconds.The sidewalk issue. Despite what other reviewers promised there is NO complete sidewalk on EITHER side of the street all the way to Las Vegas Blvd. (&quot;the strip&quot;) I have personally walked down both sides. The better sidewalk can be found opposite the hotel; however, when you get close to the end of the street the sidewalk veers into the Fashion Show Mall. To continue you must walk on the road, or across a rock planter, which is doable if careful. The sidewalk on the side of the Trump hotel is incomplete and, at times, passes broken bottles, strewn garbage and some sort of derilict gate house of sorts. Either way the walk would not be a pleasant one at night. My only suggestion is what other reviewers have stated: walk through the Fashion Show Mall, accessible from Nordstroms. Nordstroms is a less than 30 second walk across the street from the hotel, while the strip is 10 minutes through the mall. The only problem is when Nordstroms closes, there is no mall entry point from the Trump side of the mall, which makes access impossible. (we tried one early morning before the anchor stores: Nordstrom, etc. opened).Internet is $9.95 per day. Should be included in the resort fee.My son and his friends who were staying in 2320, complained that although they called room service to pick up their table, it was still in the hall 24 hours later, even though they were told it would be picked up within the hour.At times I wished this hotel had a casion, and at other times I was glad for the peace, quiet and lack of cigarette smoke (I forgot just how annoying this is in public places until I re-arrived at Vegas this year). The hotel is what it is: a residence that sub-lets owners rooms out as hotel suites. If one goes in with this in mind they won't be disappointed. If one is expecting a typical Vegas hotel/resort then there will be disappointment. Overall, it was a pleasant stay and I would return for the peace and quiet again. It was a nice chain, if only the management would read TripAdvisor, they could improve upon the few, minor, flaws.	
Sep 6 2009	a very enjoyable stay	rooms very spacious - luxurious bathroomsexcellent view of the strippool complex clean, excellent sun loungers	
Sep 4 2009 	Worst experience of our entire vacation; a total joke	This was so bad, we checked out early and went to the RitzCarlton Lake Las Vegas. It wasn't about the money; the hotel is totally poor. The rooms themselves are nice so it COULD be a multiple star hotel if they even tried. The &quot;connecting&quot; rooms weren't so my husband and I had to split up and each one of us stay with one of the kids... the rooms were so loud when the train came in the morning I woke up earlier than I do for work, and the Trump Kids was the biggest joke imagineable. There were not slippers. There was no kids attache. After calling the concierge about the Trump Kids which was on the reservation but totally ignored, she finally says the &quot;kids pack&quot; is at the front desk (I guess they don't deliver). It was just a $1 coloring book (yeah it said $1on it in big type) for one kid and NOTHING for the other. Anyone with kids knows THAT won't work. I called and she said &quot;Yeah, well hmmm we don't really have anything suitable for a 10 year old&quot; Super. My daughter will understand, I'm sure. That's not all they don't deliver. We ordered food. It never came. Ever. So I called the front desk after almost an hour and she said I'll check on that for you. She never called back. I never saw food. And the Spa. I don't know how it got in the Best Spa's book. There's nothing there. Every spa I went to on this vacation was better. No jacuzzi no cold plunge, no attendant, wow, nothing. Oh, and checking out, the front desk clerk charged us for an upgrade to strip view, which we didn't get so the clerk gets the manager. He was a total snob! When I was explaining how it wasn't a strip view, that my kids were actually viewing the Exotic Museum on the the back road behind the hotel, and that additionally food never arrived and... he interrupted me and said he wasn't here about that; just the concern we had over the room upgrade. Apparently he didn't actually want feedback. And yeah, on top of the resort fee, they want more money for wifi each day. Incredible. I was so glad to move to the Ritz. It was the most awesome experience of the trip. Granted it is about 17 miles from the strip but if you were staying at the Trump you probably aren't heavy into the gambling scene in the first place. The Ritz is also completely non smoking, the rooms and view are gorgeous, and the rates (at least for this time of the year) were comparable and the place is awesome. Kids Club is extrordinary. Their people treat you like... well... humans and oh, their spa? Awesome.	
Sep 2 2009 	I would rather stay at a Ramada you couldnt pay me to stay there	This hotel was absolutely pathetic, I cannot believe Donald Trump put his name on this establishment. Holes in the towels, sheets and pillowcases. Broken tv. And to top it off their incompetent valet service scratched my brand NEW car right in front of me. I filed a report with security, no one ever contacted me. I have called almost everyday since, trying to reach someone that actually cares, I'm not holding my breath.	
Sep 1 2009 	Great 5 star hotel without the hustle and bustle of New Orleans	If you are wanting to walk into the lobby of your hotel and hear slow machines and see tons of people, this hotel is not for you. If you want to be far enough from the strip where you don't hear the drunk rowdiness but want to be close enough to walk and enjoy a little fun this place is great! It is a great 5 star hotel. I have stayed in the Bellagio, Mandalay Bay, Luxor, Hilton and more and I loved this hotel the most! Sometimes it is a little overpriced. But if you get it at the right times you can get these rooms for fairly cheap. We had a room on the top level that was just the standard and it was beyond amazing! The shower is separate from the tub. The tub is great if you are wanting to have a little bath time with someone special! Also in the middle of the mirror, it turns into a tv! It has two sinks which is very useful! So watch the news while you brush your teeth or a movie while you take a bath! Also every standard room comes with a kitchen. There is a stove and sink and everything! It is great! Truly a gem on the strip that me and my boyfriend thoroughly enjoyed! Also... Free valet!	
Sep 1 2009 	TRUMP MISSED IT BY AN INCH	If you want a touch of luxury and a bit different Vegas stay here. The hotel does not have a casino so you don't have an endless line of people trailing in and out of the property. I felt that it was a little bit my personal oasis away from the strip. The employees were the nicest I have ever experienced on the strip, from the room service attendant to the concierge and wait staff. The only person I wasn't impressed with was the gruff man at check-in, but he was still nice. This hotel had the fastest check-in I have ever experienced on the strip. And this was my 10th trip to Vegas. The rooms were awesome. I had a city view room, but the room was still amazing. The five piece bath was gorgeous. Large jet tub, 2 sinks, a hidden commode, large shower, as well as a TV imbedded into the mirror. My only beef here was that the beautiful floor would turn into an ice rink if you stepped on one drop of water so be very careful. They did have bath mats. The hair dryer sits in a bag on a shelf under the vanity. I even liked the makeup mirror. I felt that the flat screen TV could have been bigger, in the main room. The sitting area was so so comfortable. I was also expecting a more comfortable bed. Ours had a hump in it. It was a King though. The worst problem was that there was a train that would blow its whistle every few hours and a very tacky museum was beneath our window. You could also hear the highway. This hotel has limited eating facilities and is designed for your own cooking with a glass cooktop with two burners or a microwave. Room service is also available 24 hours. The restaurant is very good for breakfast but as expected expensive. You will not find the cheap buffet here. It is very easy to walk across the street to Fashion Show Mall for snacks and shopping and to reach the Treasure Island Hotel and Casino, or walk toward the east to experience the Encore and Wynn. We took taxi rides quite a bit and it averaged about $12 with tip. I seriously enjoyed getting away from the rat race of the strip and would stay here again. I did not check out the pool area, and there is quite a large pool and nice fitness facility. Room service was fast and the food was really good.	
Aug 27 2009 	Nice enough hotel but if you're going to Vegas for the Vegas experience don't stay here	This hotel is really nice. The reason people go to Vegas is for the experience and the hotels are an integral part of this. For this reason I wouldn't stay here because it's a bit out of the way and it's not going to give you that experience. If money is a huge issue and you don't care about the Vegas experience, go for it. The rooms were really nice and it was fun to get a view of Nevada instead of the strip, it kind of brings you back to reality. The only unfortunate thing was that the fire alarm went off at around 8am, we had just arrived and had to walk down 49 flights of stairs for no reason, false alarm. I don't even want to imagine how the party people felt about that. But that's not the hotel's fault really.	
Aug 25 2009 	NOT A 5 STAR!!!	Donald Trump, where are you? What are you thinking? You are putting your name on this?I'm embarrassed for you. This is not a 5 star, not a 4 star, maybe a 3 star. Rio Hotel is better than this mismanaged disappointment. Even the official website for this hotel is horrible. I don't have the time to list every single *GASP* moment on my stay here. I hated it. Hated it, hated it. Rooms were ugly, loud, lobby uninteresting, boring, cheap, ridiclous resort fee for your ugly community style pool, wifi wasn't free (even nasty Motel 6 has free wifi), staff was apathetic and ridiculously min-wage snobby. Your wife probably wouldn't stay here.NO,no, no. I will do whatever I can to spread the word not to stay here. Edit Remove Send To A Friend Link to this Review	
Aug 25 2009 	Great place to stay	I booked two rooms for two nights through priceline.com for $95 each. Immediately after the booking, I came to know about the$15 per room per night resort fees. I was definitely pissed off first as this was adding $60 to my total but my stay at Trump changed my view. Pros:1) Decent Location, a block walk to Wynn and the strip2) The valet is nice and $15 pays off. Do not tip the valet too much if you are still angry about the $15 resort fees.3) Super clean hotel and the crowd is chic and trendy.4) Super clean rooms with great room service and views. We were upgraded to a suite which was huge. 5) No smoke smell 6) Nice pool, I would just go there again to take a look at the girls serving the drinks. Cons1) Slightly off the strip2) No 24hr restaurant	
Aug 24 2009 	Finally a place in Vegas that we'll return to!	The Trump is the perfect choice for travellers that want to be close to the action on the Strip but who don't want to swim through hordes at the casino resorts just to check-in or return to your room for so r&amp;r. The location was fabulous, within walking distance to the Wynn and right across the road from Nordstroms at the Fashion Mall (which my wife really appreciated!). The building itself - from the lobby through the elevators and common areas to our studio room - was immaculate and spotless (pool is an okay size but who really goes to Vegas to hang at the pool all day, right?). The service was uber-friendly and courteous. Security in the lobby discretely ensures the place is for paying guests only. The DJT restaurant in the lobby is quite good but we enjoyed our meals on the Strip better ... breakfast was overly pricey and not worth a second visit. The only real nit - the mandatory valet service took about 10-15 minutes everytime. It is included in the resort fee, which we thought was reasonable, and the valet staff are great, but self-parking if available would have been our choice. We finally figured out, though, that for shorter non-overnight stops at the hotel to change clothes, take a nap, etc., the trick is to park in the underground parking at Nordstroms and just walk 90 seconds across to the hotel - saved us a bunch of time. All in all, a great value (we picked 5-star at Priceline and paid only $120/night for our Strip view room).	
Aug 24 2009 	Perfect Vacation	If I could I would rate this vacation I would give it ten stars. The Trump was in the ideal spot. Steps away from the the strip yet far enough from the hustle and bustle and noise of Las Vegas Blvd. The hotel was first rate. The staff was as courteous and attentive as could be. We arrived at one thirty and check-in was only at three, not only did we get a room in five minutes or so but with a strip view free upgrade. The view from our room was the best Las Vegas can offer. The fashion mall is right across the street. Great pool, large rooms with everything you need. We will deffinately be back.	
Aug 24 2009 	Noise problems light sleepers beware	I can't believe that such a nice smelling &quot;5star&quot; hotel didn't think about their acoustical insulation. A freight train that blows their whistle at 2am and continuus on blowing every 20-30 min kept me up all night. We stayed on the 29th floor thinking that we are too high up to hear it despise reading about the freight train problems from other reviewers. The front desk did nothing but to tell me that the trains don't give them their schedule but I don't understand why a schedule would help. They also said the engineer is &quot;working on it&quot;.	
Aug 23 2009 	Perfection	Beautiful rooms, excellent customer service. A treat.	
Aug 23 2009 	Best Kept 5Star Secret!!! Ignore the whiners reviews and stay here	We requested an early checkin for 8AM Wednesday and stayed thru Saturday and completely enjoyed ourselves. From the advice given by a previouis poster, we decided to look up Peter upon checkin/registration and made him feel like an internet celebrity and voilla, we were upgraded to a 1BR Suite on the 51st floor overlooking the strip. Our view was overlooking Treasure Island and straight down the southern part of the LasVegas Boulevard Strip. We booked our deal on priceline name your own price and paid $110/nite but we checked the hotel site and they were offering $89/nite. We contacted Priceline and theyre giving us 100pct of the difference between the two rates and an additional $50 off our next booking. Let's quickly address what people are whining about. The $15/day &quot;Resort Fee&quot;. Most of us knew up front by the reviews here that we were going to be charged the fee so why act surprised when its tacked on to your bill? We rented a car thru priceline, name your own price, for our stay and we were in and out so much that it pretty much saved us on tips because the valet parking service was a part of that resort fee. We asked the front desk if we could have &quot;Free Internet&quot; instead of paying $12/day for it and they said, &quot;NoProblem&quot;! In other words, use the Resort Fee to your advantage.The train? What Train? Lol, Perhaps because of our requested upgrade we really didnt notice the train at all. I'd honestly say that I heard the trains whistle maybe twice during our whole stay and it was never during sleeping hours. The Hotel was clean from top to bottom inside and out. There was white glove service as soon as you arrived. Anytime you saw a housekeeping person throughout the hotel, they were polishing on something.  We had no issues with the location. Walking through the mall was niiiiice especially during the record 110 degree temperatures outside. If you have your laptop or netbook with you, there is free internet anywhere in the mall. The mall was accessable as early as 8am. Long before the 10am opening time for most of the stores.  The room was beyond what we expected especially with the upgrade at checkin. You couldnt ask for a better view of the strip. From our room, we could see part of the water and light show at The Bellagio amd part of the Volcano light and fire show at The Mirage. Value? Well, for a net price of $89/nite, what more could you ask for in a 5Star with Trumps name on it? That price didnt include the choking casino smoke of the other 5Star hotels on the strip. The Trump is Smoke Free. We didnt use the on site restaurant. We did use some of the restaurants in othe hotels. The Bellagio Breakfast Buffet for 18.95 is Incredible. What a great way to start your day. We also took a 10minute drive to Hash House a GoGo on Sahara blvd for breakfast. They were featured on an episode of &quot;Man Vs Food&quot;. The food was incredible and the portions tremendous.We'd recommend The Trump	
Aug 23 2009 	quiet hotel	if you are looking for a real hotel in vegas this is your place, but if you are looking for a big casino or a theatre with big shows or a shopping galery, then this is not for you.in this place you don’t need walk thru the all casino to go to your room or make long lines to register or hear all kinds of noises in the nights. problem: a train crosses next to the hotel and every day at 6 a.m. you will listen to it. tip,if you choose this hotel, my recommendation to visit the strip: rent a car for all your stay.	
Aug 21 2009 	was expectiing the worst- pretty much got what i expected	my friends and I decided to do a quick weekend trip to vegas, and booked the Trump through Priceline for a very good rate. I had read all the reviews, and thought I could live with it. Well, we arrived at 3:30 (check in time was 3) only to wait in the check-in line for almost 40 minutes. W hen we arrived at the front, they told us they had no rooms that were clean and we would need to wait an hour. So we left our luggage with the bellman, and walked across to Nordstrom (the only good thing about this hotel). When we came back and finally got into our room it has a giant soaking wet spot on the carpet between the bathroom and bedroom. about 10 minutes later, the housekeeper opened our door without knocking and told us our room hadnt been cleaned still and we needed to leave. She said she would come right back and never did. SO GROSS!!! when our luggage was finally brought up, we realized my friend's camera was missing from her bag which was partially open. The bellman said they didnt have it, so we figured maybe it fell out in the car. The valet said they didnt have it, so my friends camera was stolen by someone, probably a hotel employee. After goig out that night we arrived back at the hotel just before 3am. at 6:30am the housekeeper decided to come back (but this time she rang the doorbell about 3 times) which was so itrritating because we were trying to get some sleep. We didnt even bother checking out because we figured the staff would probably keep coming into our room unannounced anyway and they would figure it out soon enough. Overall, this hotel has a 5star lobby(not including the check in process), but 2* everything else.	
Aug 21 2009 	Quiet escape from the las vegas strip	Good price, good quality. Concierge was very helpful. Basic room was very nice, felt like a suite...The beds were fantastic! The bath even had jets! ohh man i wish i was back there right now....The lobby and corridor are nicely scented, however a little strong at times. The location is nice, not right in the action but close enough for all the attractions. Right across from fashion show mall made this very convenient. While some other reviews complain about the trains, we never really noticed anything or were bothered by them. Would definitely stay again.	
Aug 19 2009	AVOID THIS SCAM LIKE THE PLAGUE!!!	I've just returned from Trump Int'l Las Vegas, and it's been THE worst experience of my life!!! First off, they lied to me at every turn when I reserved the two rooms--told me ANYTHING to get me to spend my money. When I got there, EVERYTHING was a lie. They added a $15-per-day fee to each room (resort fee) without telling me upfront. The hotel is located in an industrial area right next to train tracks...and TRAINS blow their ghastly horns all night every night--like HOURLY--sometimes four or five blasts at a time. Trump manager reluctantly moved us to the 42nd floor, and it was just as bad up there. There is no soundproofing in the hotel. The maid service is dreadful, and the bathrooms had bugs in them. One potty seat was broken, and I had to tip a maid to bring TP--it's SUPPOSED to be there already! The bed was so hard that I ended up sleeping on the couch an hour at a time in between train blasts!!! The facility itself looks posh, but it ends there. I was told to arrive early and they'd upgrade us to a Strip view room. Folks, there is NO strip view from the Trump Int'l except for maybe Circus Circus and one other crappy hotel down at that end of the strip. Trump is a couple blocks away from the strip so it's virtually impossible to see the lights of the Strip that everyone wants. A view of Circus Circus will cost you $50 additional. That's it. More lies from them. They sent me pictures of the rooms we'd have (two of them) and when we got there we were put in other rooms--nowhere close to the pictures they sent. When I called it to their attention, they said, &quot;Oh that's a mistake but we'll 'upgrade' you for an additional $100/day.&quot; Isn't that called 'false advertising?&quot; I could go on for days bashing them, but I just walked in the door back at home and it's 2:AM...the first thing I did was to come and tell all of you--business, condo buyers--EVERYONE!!! Do NOT get roped into the TRUMP INTERNATIONAL LAS VEGAS SCAM!!! IT IS NO BARGAIN!!!	
Aug 19 2009 	Great Las Vegas Hotel... still rough around the corners though...	OK, i usually stay at places on the strip like MGM or Monte Carlo... but was going to vegas for the day to celebrate my Best Friends bday, so i decided to splurge on something a bit nicer... and boy did i find a true gem... sure its not Beverly Hills quality staff, but its a beautiful property and better prices then Belagio or Wynn.. Love the fact we were able to get an early checkin at 7am, then again it was durring the week.... The front desk agent was nice but very quiet, when trying to talk, they responded with a one word answer.., the room was beautiful and on a nice high floor with a great view... the two door entrance cove felt very secure/// the only bad thing, and this is the 1st reason its getting 4 stars... the room was clean except for a plate of food left in the mini bar... opps, housekeeping must of missed something... it wasnt like finding hair on the pillow, or a dirrty bathroom, the bell man, apoligized and removed it right away... the only other bad thing was the TV was out in the evening for the entire hotel... hmm... dont go to vegas to watch TV but still for this property its nice to have the option...will return if i can get the same deal, or something close to it, since its not right on the stip..	
Aug 18 2009 	On the strip but sorta not on the strip	Stayed here recently for a weekend in Vegas with the hubster. We used priceline to get a 5 star hotel on the strip and we got the Trump. We were kinda disappointed that we got the Trump since priceline says its on the strip, but it's really not on the strip. It's right off the strip across from Nordstrom at the Fashion Mall. Well, we got there after a long and arduous drive from SoCal on the 15 and a nice dinner at Mon Ami Gabi at Paris. When we first drove up, we were greeted by a valet with white gloves on. Okay, nice touch. Next, doors were held open for us as we entered the hotel. Okay, I can get used to this. We walked into a beautiful lobby and immediately went to the check in desk. We didn't wait too long and we got the courteous Peter to check us in. He asked us if we wanted to upgrade to a one bedroom suite from the studio unit we had reserved. We politely declined and he gave us our room key. Up the elevator we go and we get to our floor. When we got to the door of our room, it showed that there were 2 room numbers behind the door. We were confused, but we went and opened the door. Surprise surprise. There were 2 doors behind the first door and one of the doors led to our room. In we walked and much to our surprise, it was a one bedroom suite. Front desk Peter hooked us up with an unexpected upgrade. Thanks Peter! It had a full kitchen, full bathroom off the kitchen, bedroom with a humongous master bathroom. Seriously the bathroom was the size of a 2nd bedroom. There was an LCD in the living room and another LCD in the bedroom. Our suite had a view of the area behind the strip so we had a great view of Deja Vu (gentlemen's club) and the Love Boutique. In the distance, we could see Fremont Street and the 15 freeway. Overall, we really enjoyed the suite even though we didn't really use the kitchen. It was nice to know that we did have a full kitchen if we decided to eat in. I'd totally come back to enjoy the hotel. It was nice to be in a smoke-free hotel with no casino.	
Aug 17 2009 	Amazing hotel	I spent two nights at the Trump this past weekend, and it was an amazing experience! Our one bedroom room was upgraded to a suite for free. We had a FULL kitchen, two bathrooms, a king bed, queen sofa sleeper, and a massive master bath complete with a spa tub and dual head showers. The service was impeccable. The bell hop staff made us feel so special, and our service was quick. The absence of a casino can be frustrating if you are trying to gamble, but it is nice to not have to walk twenty minutes to get to your hotel room. The location is just off the strip, but a cab ride to the strip is only about $6; the hotel does have a house car! I would HIGHLY recommend staying at this hotel.	
Aug 17 2009 	This is not a 5 star hotel	My husband and I went for a long weekend and were extremely disappointed in everything about our experience. The hot water was tempermental at best. We were both forced to take cold showers twice during the stay. House keeping was once a day which is not the norm for a five star hotel. The pool was not the level of other hotels in Vegas that are listed as 4 stars or even 3. When we called and complained to a Manager about the water, lack of cleaning and no towels, we were met with disinterest and apathy. The elevator bank for our section had only one elevator out of 4 working and when we rode down with 5 other couples we found out that none of their rooms had hot water either and that no one really cared when they called the front desk as well.We will NEVER stay there again and I will advise anyone and everyone not to as well.	
Aug 17 2009 	Nice hotel with minor hiccups	Costs: Paid $120 per night on Priceline.com (Fantastic Rate) Named our price for 5 stars north strip and that is what we got. $30 upgrade to a suite with living room was ABSOLUTELY worth every penny. Resort fee not included in price $15. This really annoyed me and put me in a bad mood for about 30 minutes. They just need to include it in the price. The food at the pool was expensive ($15 for a burger) but the quality was great. The quality of the food makes you forget how much you just spent for it. Service: Service was great. Everyone was friendly and helpful and know what they were talking about. I felt bad for the front desk people that had to explain why they have to charge a $15 per night resort fee to have the privilege of using the pool and gym. Room: GREAT! you have a fridge, sink, glassware, oven etc. It is well appointed. My only criticism is that the Donald must be one tough cookie because the toilet paper felt cheaper than what you would use at a public high school in a bad area.All in all the Trump is a great hotel. If you can get a good rate and don't mind not having a casino in the lobby this is your place.	
Aug 15 2009	Luxurious accomodation at affordable price	This is a great hotel to stay in Vegas for those who want to get away from the smoky casinos but still be close enough to all the actions. Spacious room with excellent decor, each studio will comfortably sleep 4 (bed and sleeper sofa). I've been here twice and every time, my room has been sparkling clean - I'm impressed! I got a great deal on Priceline's &quot;Name Your Own Price&quot; but the advertised prices on hotels.com, travelocity.com and other websites are not much different. I keep hearing from the other guests that the spa is just heavenly. We checked out the pool, it was good but nothing spectacular. What I really love about this hotel is that you're right across from the Fashion Show Mall and the jacuzzi tub! They do charge $15 (or maybe it was $12, I cant remember) for &quot;resort fee&quot; but it covers your valet parking.	
Aug 14 2009 	Great for the Price	This hotel is an absolutely great value. I am amazed at the people who pay admit to geting a room for $70 on priceline and then say the hotel isn't up to their standards of a 5 star hotel. The fact is, you can always get this hotel under $130...and often under $100. For that price in most cities you are staying at the Courtyard or Holiday Inn. Instead we got a wonderful studio suite, great bed, wonderful view with huge windows, nice ammenities, robes, huge huge jet tub, flat screen tv, tv in bathroom mirror, fridge, stove.... the room was in perfect condition. So to compain about the rooms at these rates in my opinion is really of base, and likely coming from people who expect to get star treatment after geting a room on priceline for $50.Now the thing you could complain about is the location. It isn't great, but it is not terrible either. It is a 30 second walk from the hotel to Nordstroms and the mall. It is about a 7 minute walk to the Wynn. The other thing that makes the location bad in my opinion is that you have to valet, so you can't come and go as easily as you may want...but again it wasn't a huge problem by any means.Would I stay here again? Absolutely. In fact, on this trip we also stayed a the Renaissance Hotel and in a Celebrity Suite at the MGM. Both rooms were a major let down after being at the Trump. Finally, the hotel smells great! I wish I could get my house to smell like that.	
Aug 13 2009 	Fantastic deal	My wife and I headed to Vegas to meet up with some family. The family had snagged rooms at the Encore, but we couldn't get a room for under $300 a night. So we looked around and saw the Trump was an easy walk and booked a room on Priceline at a bargain rate. The hotel is quiet and non-smoking - a very nice change for the usual Vegas casino hotels. We were offered a reasonable upgrade upon check-in, which we happily paid for. The one bedroom suite had a kitchen nicer than the one at home. We had views of the Strip and of downtown. The room had 2 bathrooms, including one that was the size of some hotel rooms I've stayed in. If you're looking for a crazy bar/pool scene, this isn't for you. But if you want to get away from the noise and crowds of the typical Vegas hotel, the Trump is perfect. And the bar entertainment was quirky and fun.	
Aug 12 2009 	A Beautiful Hotel	Just returned from a 4 day/3 night stay at the Trump Hotel. You have to admit, it's nice to walk into a hotel in Las Vegas that offers non-smoking, and no gambling. Our suite was beautiful, overlooking the strip. A short walk to the Wynn, where we saw &quot;La Reve&quot;, afterwards, ate at Grand Lux Cafe at the Palazzo for a late dinner. Trump employees were extremely nice and helpful. Some may miss the 'hub-bub' of a casino resort hotel, but you have to appreciate the peace and solitude. We never heard a peep from the hallways. I loved the exercise room--state of the art treadmills with your own tv--just bring your own headset and you are set! The pool scene reminded me of the MGM or the Flamingo, lots of beautiful, young people, not many families, We only went to the pool once in 4 days. Not really a complaint, just not a family ambiance at the pool. One other minor complaint would be the beds, too soft for our liking, and a bit lumpy. Otherwise, a great choice!!. Also, we booked on the Trump website, got a 95.00 rate for each night.	
Aug 11 2009 	Absolutely great and very nice price	A tremendous, beautiful hotel, large, very comfortable, luxury rooms, and the price was very affordable for this class oh hotels. And there is no casino in this hotel, which is an additional reason to choose this hotel in Vegas. Nice swimming pool.	
Aug 10 2009 	Great place to stay	The hotel and rooms were perfect. The rooms were large, the beds comfartable. The big bathroom was perfect. Would definetly stay there again. Never waited too long for a taxi, like the other large hotel.	
Aug 10 2009 	Avoid this hotel unless you are a senior citizen	Let me start by saying that I am a huge fan of &quot;name your price&quot; at priceline. I have rarely had an issue with the hotels that I have &quot;won&quot;. However, on my most recent trip to Vegas, I &quot;won&quot; or should I say &quot;lost&quot; cause I ended up staying at the TRUMP in Vegas. I will start by stating that the rooms were nice and the lobby was pretty but boring. The hotel does not have a casino. They also charged me $15 + around $2 tax for two very small bottles of water, access to a swimming pool which was closed most of the time and &quot;free (according to the attendent) valet parking&quot;. The fees were manditory and I could not check in without agreeing to pay. I was not happy, what was the point of naming my price if I was going to be forced to pay more to check in? That aside, I would also like to point out that the valet was very very slow, taking up to 20 minutes for the car to arrive. Also, the hotel was quiet but the trains outside were very loud. I was on the 40th floor with nothing between my room and the trains. yikes!	
Aug 9 2009 	We stayed a week and would return... when back in Vegas!	Great price as result of Priceline....This is a quiet side of Vegas...LOVED IT! a little off the STRIP, but not too bad. Service not that great...but NOT bad as Vegas goes. No smoking is the advantage...when we wanted to hit the town we were minutes away from most anything by Taxi!!!- If you want to walk, cut throught the Mall and you will be please to come out infront of the Wynn/Venetian/Mirage part of the Stirp.- Bathrooms are a hit with us!- Like the slippers and robes!- Buy your own refreshments the fridge is usefull!- Room service good, over priced.remember this is VEGAS...get out of your room and explore...then come back to sleep and recover!!!	
Aug 9 2009 	Nice stay except for trains	We just returned from the Trump. It is a very nice hotel. It is about two blocks off the strip on Fashion Show Road. An easy walk that takes you out to where the Wynn and Encore are. The hotel is quiet, there is no casino. These were big pluses for us as we didn't enjoy the throngs of people at the other hotels we visited on the strip. It was nice coming back to serenity. The staff was very friendly, even opening the front doors as u approach. Our room was even ready upon our check in at 11am.The maid was normally prompt and efficient. On 1occasion I had to call for water etc. twice, when none was not left in the room or delivered on first request. The room and hallways, pool etc were very nice and kept quite clean. The bathroom in our room was too die for!!!Service is available at the pool and was not intrusive. It was however, quite pricey, as may be expected ( .5L of water $6, pitcher of spiked lemonade $55).The only real problems we had were the trains and road noise that came into the room thru the window vents. The vents don't seal well and when it is windy they actually whistled! I thought it was an alarm at first?! We were on the 39th floor at @ 4am, 4:30am, &amp; 5am the trains would pass by and blow the whistles repeatedly. I woke up every nite. The hotel does charge $15 a day service fee. It was supposed to be for the valet, water in room, daily paper and use of the pool and fitness center. There really isn't any other option to park but valet, so we didn't fuss about the charge. The pool is not in the lobby as it is in just about all the other hotels in Las Vegas. Which is nice. You don't have to parade thru a casino and gawking passersby on your way to of from either the pool or adjacent fitness center which is very nicely equipped. TIP:If Las Vegas Blvd. is packed, turn off on Russell Road to the south as you are coming from the airport, then take Dean Martin and Industrial all the way to the hotel on the backside. No problems with traffic then. It is kind of a service road. Overall we had a nice stay and I would return here again.	
Aug 9 2009 	Amazing view huge room everything we had hoped for!	We selected this hotel through Priceline.com for our honeymoon, and were looking forward to a non-smoking hotel that did not require us to walk through a casino to get to our room. The lobby was magnificent... gold everywhere, even the public drinking water fountains! It was refreshing to not have to battle long lines and big crowds. When we arrived, we were greeted by a very friendly girl at the front desk who promptly upgraded us when we mentioned we were newlyweds. We got the 58th floor with a spectacular Strip view! The room itself was huge and beautifully furnished: jacuzzi, two bathroom sinks, a TV built into the bathroom mirror, full set of kitchen appliances, the works.Location-wise, the hotel does feel like it is in the middle of nowhere especially when walking back at night, but it really isn't that far from a casino (Wynn/Encore) and during the daytime, being across the street from the Fashion Show Mall is really convenient.At night, we did hear the train passing but otherwise the room was quiet.We did not use the fitness centre, spa, or pool but they looked great.All in all, we had a great time and would go back.	
Aug 8 2009 	THIS IS A CONDOMINIUM HOTEL WITH 5 STARS	This is a great condominium hotel, very clean, pleasant staff. I have stayed at some of the best hotels in the world. This is a steal at 100-150 or what ever people pay, but I know very few if any are paying 500 to multiple thousands a night. If you want the full treatment pull out 500 at the venetian. This hotel gives you 5 star treatment for a discount, I found the staff helpful and, friendly , any problems we had and that was only one was corrected right away. I do know that I have seen people become very rude away from home and very demanding to the extreme. If you want a &quot;clean&quot;, quiet high end experience with a great spa away from smoky casinos, with a wonderful bed , kitchenette and enormous bathroom (shower only) then stay at the trump. If you like to gamble early in the AM or till late hours in the night , Gaudy rooms DO NOT STAY AT THE TRUMP.	
Aug 8 2009 	Great Room/Poor Location	Surprisingly for a 5 star property, this hotel is very affordable. The lobby is gorgeous and we were very happy with the room. The beds were vultra comfortable! The bathroom was marble and the tub was big enough for two and had nice jets in it. The bathroom had an extra feature of a tv in the mirror. This was nice for hearing news and weather as we got ready in the morning. While billed as a suite, the room was not well equipped with pots and pans, but who wants to cook while in Vegas, anyway? A $15 resort fee is tacked onto the bill every day whether you use the pool and exercise room or not. Beware of the cocktail price at the pool-at $15 a pop, your tab can get huge in a hurry. My only real complaint is its location. While only a few hundred yards from the strip and the TI, the walk at night isa little scary with an unlit street and a spot where the sidewalk disappears in front of the Fashion Show Mall. Since there is no casino, the hotel is quiet at night-except for the train that runs by at about 5 in the morning. Also, thre is no self parking so you must use the valet service. Just phone them from your room before you're ready th head down and the wait will only be a few minutes.	
Aug 8 2009 	Read the Fine Print oh wait... it's not even in the Fine Print	Let's just say that I hope The Donald didn't approve of the hotel's policies before putting his name on the side of the hotel because simply put, if this is the quality of comfort associated with Trump knowingly, then I pray for his soul.1. $15/night &quot;resort fee&quot; isn't mentioned when you book the room, what &quot;resort fee&quot;???... to use the gym and the pool, and to park your car?... isn't that included in a f**king hotel stay?2. They run a train on you 50 times a day... literally... if that train whistle and rumble isn't enough to ruin your stay then maybe you'll actually enjoy the room.3. $100/night hold on your debit/credit card... unless you're a coked up rockstar I doubt they need to do this... that's a $700 hold on your card (money you can't use) if you're staying a week.4. $12 a day for internet... shouldn't that be included too? $12 a day is downright outrageous.Generally I'm not a picky person, but the insult to any guest's intelligence is offensive and I wouldn't stay here again, it's a shame, if they didn't screw you with all the hidden fees and &quot;catches&quot; it would be a nice room, albeit, noisy and not really close to anything else except the mall. With these crap fees and credit card holds it makes the price of the room jump close to $30 extra per night... why bother when you could get a &quot;real&quot; suite at another hotel?	
Aug 5 2009 	SO disappointed in the service and staff...	I was totally looking forward to coming here and visiting. I got a great deal, the room was AMAZING, the spa staff was excellent but...since there will be a but for this review...5 out of 7 people that I came in contact with were HORRID! Checking in and out was a breeze and one of the bell hops was a gem but the 2 woman concierge that I asked help from couldn't be bothered. They were talking about their personal experiences that I don't think would be proper to discuss here. This quality of service it totally not what I would expect from the Trump name. Upon trying to checkout via my TV, since I was leaving extremely early and didn't want to bother them (I guess I forgot that's what they get paid for) the option wasn't working so I called down to the front desk to ask that they square away my bill and once again was greated by an extremely rude and condescending woman who told me I should use the TV option and didn't even let me explain that it wasn't working...maybe it wasn't just wasn't her night (oh right, she gets paid too). The last and worst experience was with the bell hop and his security buddy. They were so rude and mean to me when I asked to call a cab and where the ATM was located that I left in tears. Enough said...I'll NEVER return.	
Aug 5 2009 	WORST HOTEL EVER	I don't even know where to begin with how shocking this stay has been. I came to this hotel because it was highly recommended. BAD IDEA.Essentially, they have charged me over $600 for two nights stay at $99 each, as well as taking $300 CASH. They have no record of the charges to my account, and claim they wouldn't have charged my account, only done an authority - when I offered to show them my bank statement they changed their mind and agreed with me, then said it will take 5 business days to refund my account - by which time I will be back at home. Therefore - they're taking all of my spending money ((WITHOUT my authority)) and won't give it back until long after I leave the country.After the initial difficulties checking in, I offered to get an alternative credit card authority sent through. This seemed like like a fair solution - until the hotel screwed it up in multiple ways. Firstly, they sent the form asking for authority for my first night only - which, incidentally, they have already charged me for TWICE so it seems they want a 3-for-1 deal???; then the person who received it didn't print it out, and took the next day off which means that now, 48hrs later, even though they've received the authority and have charged me multiple times, they're asking for more money, denying they've charged anything to my card and refusing to use the credit card authority they've already received.All in all, worst hotel experience ever. Staff are not helpful at all. Hotel charges multiple times for single nights and takes money off cards they don't have authority to use, and mysteriously charge accounts and yet have no record of it.On top of this, the staff have been extremely patronizing. I get the feeling that this is because I am a young female traveling on my own, so ladies especially, DO NOT GO TO THIS HOTEL!!!!!	
Aug 4 2009 	Train was an issue on 29th floor	We stayed at Trump Towers from July 31 to August 3. The pro's we saw in the hotel were the rooms were new, well equipped, and large. We used the kitchinette for breakfast, which saved on our meal budget. The con's were the service and the location. We were on the 29th floor and could hear the train passing fairly regularly during night and morning. Every morning it woke me up during it's 730am pass. The other con was service. They didn't replenish soap, shampoo, or any of the regular totlietry items during the trip. We had to call and ask why and then upon request were given these items. The other annoying thing about the hotel was the nickle and diming that occurred. I prepaid for the hotel and still had a $15 daily hotel fee.	
Jul 31 2009 	Thank you Donald!	Fantastic Hotel, the rooms are amazing and the Kitchen is well equipped if you want to cook..... but...hey.... who wants to cook in Vegas??? Excellent service, new, modern and very good value for money. Also Its just across from Fashion Mall for all your shopping.	
Jul 31 2009 	Do not stay at Trump	We started our vacation with a 2 nights stay at Trump. We had never stayed there before and were wondering how it would be compared to other hotels on the strip. Upon check in, we were offered upgrade to a much &quot;better&quot; room for additional $50 per night, which we accepted. When we entered the room, there was a terrible stale odor (we will remember it as THEtrump odor - very specific) - probably nobody had been in the room for a while. The bellman confirmed the problem so I called the front desk to request another room. They moved us to another &quot;better&quot; room which had similar odor (much less, though) and we decided to take it (tired of the flight and wasted too much time). The bathroom was nice, but there were a few things broken there. The &quot;kitchen&quot; did not have anything in it - no utensils, only 2 glasses (I guess they wanted to show some class with this :-)??? - but then why advertise as kitchen?). The next day we went out - by the way, there is *nothing* to do in this hotel, very boring - and spent the day in the normal hotels on the strip. When we came back, we found our room not cleaned even though we left the housekeeping light on! There was a message on the voicemail from housekeeping saying that they did not clean the room because we left do not disturb sign on the door! What a [--]! Are they blind of someyhing? I called the housekeeping and explained the situation - they apologized and said that they were sending someone to clean the room right away. Then we were waiting and waiting and waiting... 50 min. (in the mean time, the kids were tired and wanted to go to bed already). Eventually, after nodoby came, I called housekeeping again. The same stupid [--] picked up the phone and started apologizing, saying that somebody was on the way (obviously lying). We waited to 20 more min. and I called back asking for the manager. I was put on hold for 15 min. and eventually talked to someone who presented herself as &quot;manager of housekeeping&quot;. She said she was going to find out what's going on and in the mean time send someone to clean the room. Eventually housekeeping lady came (after 30 more min) and was cleaning the room for ~2 hour!!! (very sloooowwww). Upon check out, after being asked who the stay was, I tried to explain the issues again and this time, I was told by the front desk lady not to worry too much and to enjoy the rest of the day :-) (obviously, they do not want to improve) - what a mess! Btw, On the way back, we stayed at Palazzo for much less where the service and hotel were both perfect.	
Jul 31 2009 	Very nice rooms decent location but agree its noisy	The rooms are very nice, TV in the bathroom, very modern. My wife thought the bed was uncomfortable...lumpy...but I didn't think it was bad. I was surprised by how much traffic noise came through the windows, we were on the 54th floor. Not enough to wake us up, but noticable. The views of the strip were great though. I liked the location, within walking distance of the strip, really liked that it was across from the mall, we always cut through the A/C mall to get to the strip, also provided a lot of affordable food options.I've previously stayed at Mandalay Bay and Monte Carlo, definitely much nicer than Monte Carlo, but I'd say Mandalay Bay has a nicer feel. But the promotion they were running ($89/night with free strip view upgrade) was a really good value for this hotel.	
Jul 29 2009 	Beautiful but some problems	Built during the Second Gilded Age and now operating during the Great Recession, this hotel seems to be having a hard time hanging on. The public areas, restaurant, and rooms are beautiful. The bathroom was the nicest I've seen, and I've stayed at a lot of luxury hotels. The restaurant is offering an amazing $29 three-course meal special, and everyone seemed to be having it to the chagrin of the waiters who probably expected $100 tabs when they took their jobs. The air conditioning barely cooled the room -- I think so many units are empty with no a/c that the room simply couldn't cool down in 100* heat. The bed frame was broken. Some of the furniture was stained. Having valet parking and a quick check-in is well worth the $15 &quot;resort fee.&quot;	
Jul 28 2009 	A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!	We flew to Vegas to see Jason Mraz @ the Palms. We travel to Vegas often and have our favorite hotels. This time it was last minute and only for one night, so we decided to gamble (no pun intended) and use Priceline. We bid a SUPER LOW price (way under $100) for any 4 star near the strip. We were surprised when they revealed Trump Tower. We had never stayed there and didn't know anyone who had. We flew in and took the shuttle from the airport. We arrived at the hotel and we were WOWED! The lobby is anything but your typical hotel lobby. It is luxurious, high-end, fifth avenue like, very glamorous. There was a delicate fragrance in the air throughout the hotel. The front desk staff were very helpful. The elevators were rocket fast and quiet. The rooms were in a word, AMAZING! They were condo-like with a subzero fridge, cooktop, king bed, 2-3 person jacuzzi tub, huge glass walled shower and beautiful floor to ceiling windows to enjoy your view of the strip. There isn't a casino but with every other casino so close, you barely even notice it's missing.We would definately stay again, with or without the huge Priceline discount. It instantly became one of our favorites!	
Jul 28 2009 	Some minor issues-all made perfect!!!!!	My wife and I checked in and found that night that our TV's didn't work. We were given an upgrade and evrything about our room, service, and little extras was incredible. Thanks Gerald!	
Jul 27 2009	Very nice hotel	I read some of the reviews on this resort and was quite nervous. But., when I arrived, I actually started to think that I was staying at a completely different hotel. I must say that I think people invent things to complain about it -- or simply they are just not capable of having a good time anywhere.Here were some of the complaints on this site:Staff being snotty -- absolutely not! I found the staff incredibly friendly and courteous. I did not come across one snotty or unfriendly staff. Everybody, from the front desk to the gym to the pool were all friendlyLoud noise -- never heard that either. The hotel was very quiet. I never heard a peep in my room. I never heard a train or loud music. I never heard loud guest. I never heard anything. Dirty rooms. -- The rooms were clean. I will say that I cut myself on something in the carpet. My foot was bleeding and I called the front desk. They were up immediately and sent a doctor to my room. I did not need medical attention but they went above and beyond to take a care of situation that shouldn'th have happened. this was the only negatve experience of the tripHotel being off the strip. Ok, I have read everything from the hotel is on a dark road, that it takes 15 minutes to walk on the strip, that there is no sidewalk, that you have to take a cab to the strip. ALL NOT TRUE! There is a sidewalk that runs from the hotel to the strip. It is fairly lit and was a 5 minute walk! I timed it. It took no time at all, and was an easy walk. The long way is through the mall, which is right across the street. If you want to stay on the strip, then don't stay at Trump. If you don't mind the 5 minute walk, its not a bad place to stay.Hotel itself. there is no casino. But, the TI is a 10 minute walk and we ended up gambling over there. The hotel was clean and the pool is nice. its not huge. Its medium sized, There is loud music buts its a fun environment. They have very friendly servers who are serving drinks. I enjoyed the pool very much. the rooms were great. The beds beyond comfortable! The bathrooms are huge and very nice. It was great to have a kitchen. I recommend running over to the mall -- store called ABC, and picking up some groceries.All and all its a nice hotel. I don't think its a 5 star hotel. If you get a good deal, its worth it. If you want a quiet, less roudy place to stay, Trump is it. You don't have the drunk 20 somethings falling down in the lobby!	
Jul 25 2009 	I'm sure it will be lovely when they finish building a sidewalk to it - very dangerous	Service can't be rated because there simply isn't any. Rooms have kitchen with NO COOKING EQUIPMENT which makes the concept pretty pointless. We couldn't even geg a teaspoon to stir our complimentary coffee (they don't provide tea) and the tv didn't work. This is crap! the lobby is impressive , after that it looks like it was decorated by the sand man who designs motorway service stations. Give it a wide berth!	
Jul 24 2009 	We all LOVED The Trump	This trip was to celebrate my 40th birthday - and enjoy it I did! There were 9 of us in 3 rooms, aged 1 to 71, and we were so pleased with our hotel choice. Pros - nice, clean roomflat screen TV in the mirrorthe kitchens - and someone washing your dirty dishes each daythe uncrowded pool (we walked by TI's pool and wow it was full)the strip view - we spent so much time looking out the windowtub toys for the kids (had to ask twice)once you got the the hotel, very little walkingCon - long walk to anythingno where convenient to buy milk and groceries (closest we found was the ABC store in the mall)Great experience. Tip - if you have more than 4 people in your group, you may have trouble finding a cab that will take you. My bro and family paid $30 to get to the hotel from the airport. We paid $52 and booked a stretch limo for 6 of us. I'd figured that it would be cheaper than 2 cabs - and it was MUCH more fun. We even booked it to get back to the airport. Used a company I found on google - http://www.lasvegastransportation.com - and driver Troy was great fun both trips. My 2 and 4 year old had such fun in it too.	
Jul 23 2009 	Very nice hotel-NOT as bad as others make it to be	Ok, I like to think of myself as a fairly picky person, especially when it comes to staying in hotels and resorts. We ended up getting the Trump on Priceline name your bid, after which, I came here to read the reviews. I pretty much knew what to expect then, as far as the resort fee-which I think is dumb, but didn't hurt us much since we got the hotel at an excellent rate- and the nightly deposit, which we got back at the end of our stay. Well, my husband and I were extremely pleased with our stay. The staff was very very helpful and no one hasseled us during our stay. Housekeeping did a great job. My only complaint was that we asked for an iron since it was missing from our room and a new remote for the television bathroom, and we didnt get it until like the day before our departure. We didn't bug out cause we came to Vegas to party and didn't have time to complain and whine about things as small as this. If we REALLY needed the remote and iron we would have just went to the front desk. As far as the distance to the strip goes, people act like it is 10 miles. It is NOT that far. You are going to walk while in Vegas anyway unless you hop in a cab to go every single place you wanna go. The area was nice, well lit, and the sidewalk kind of ran out, but then we just switched to the other side of the street. And we were walking both day and late at night, other couples, singles even families with small kids were walking late at night. We enjoyed our walk. We even stopped at Strip Burger on the corner and their burgers are GREAT, and they have happy hour 2 times a day with 2 dollar drinks that are so good!Overall, our stay was great. My husband enjoyed it and so did I. We didn't want to pay $300.00 a night for an overcrowded casino hotel where you have to wait in a line to get everything done. I def. recommend this place if you are not obsessed with every small detail in your stay and you don't plan on being in the room anyway other to sleep because you are in VEGAS!!!	
Jul 22 2009 	Chump hotel...	Pros:+Amazing room+Huge bathroom+Great customer service+jacuzzi with jet+tv in bathroom+iPod radioCons:-Extra $15 resort fee each day (plus tax)-$6 to use Internet for 15 min-No self parking-Far from strip (1/2 mile)-wi-fi is extraSo this is the first time I've stayed in a five star hotel and maybe my experience is indicative of why I like the 3 or 4 star hotels. The rooms at the Trump hotel was amazing, the bed was soft yet firm, the bathroom was huge and the bathtub wig a jacuzzi was divine. However what I don't appreciate is when a hotel isn't up front about their fees.Be honest! So when you check in they will have you sign a form stating that you agree to pay $15 per day for a resort fee (tax is extra). The associated stated that this fee was to pay for the hotel amenities such as the gym, valet parking, pool and business center. By the way whether or not you use the facilities is irrelevant....you will pay $15. Fair enough, so I proceeded to the business center later that night to use the Internet t and print out some business forms when I discovered that there is an additonal charge of $6 for defy 15 minutes and another fee (about 80 cents per page). Another thing about this hotel is that it's a bit far from the strip. I don't know the exact distance but unless you walk through the mall that is located across the street you will either take a taxi or walk down a long sidewalk Overall a good hotel, but for the money I think are better deals out there and I despise businesses that aren't up front with the fees during the booking process.	
Jul 13 2009 	Good but...	Overall, a good hotel for the money...assuming you do not pay the rack rate or anything close to it. We won an auction at SkyAuction.com for under $70 a night plus $49 for taxes and fees (exorbitant, esp. since it does not include the hidden $15 &quot;resort fee&quot; tacked onto each day's rate and the resort fee does NOT include the Internet fee). The hotel is really nice - lobby, restaurants, room - and we'd stay again...at a similar rate. Good - check-in, staff, room (new, pretty much a full kitchen, comfy bed, big bathroom), main restaurant (ask for a booth and draw the curtain for a private meal). Bad - noise from passing trains at all hours if you're on the &quot;cheap&quot;-non view of The Strip side of the hotel, 10-15 minute walk to The Strip (at Wynn) but the sidewalk is incomplete so go through the mall. It's a nice walk and there are restaurants there, but the mall might not be open when you want to walk through. Again, overall, we'd recommend the hotel but for less than the normal advertised rate.	
Jul 11 2009 	Please!! Do not stay here!!	I read the reviews too late! I had already &quot;won&quot; on priceline. I thought &quot;how bad can a five star hotel be?&quot; The answer is simple, THIS ISN'T A FIVE STAR HOTEL!!! Just because you put in a Sub-Zero fridge and give feather pillows doesn't make it five star. You will not sleep if you stay here. The window design is flawed so you here everything from outside, even on the 54th floor. The train comes by frequently and blows a LOUD horn. The air conditioning doesn't cool your room. I like the temperature at about 74 which isn't very cold and it couldn't do it. The staff is nice enough, but obviously overworked. They never turned down the beds, fixed the TV, made the sofa bed, or brought our &quot;trump kids&quot; ammenities. You can read about the plain, boring pool, small workout room and RIDICULOUS $15/NIGHT service charge in other reviews. Bottomline is, there are way better hotels offering way more for less money when you figure in the food, gaming and show credits offered at other hotels that you do not get here. BTW the food is bad too!! They gave us Sara lee cheescake, no joke!!	
Jul 11 2009 	Noise	If you're room is strip view (also pool) and on floors 16 17 18 19 20 you should instantly refuse to stay in them in you plan to sleep past 9am. The pool music is so loud and crisp that it's the same as having a clock radio go off in your room every morning starting at 9am. I'm an extremely deep sleeper but i can't get past the bass from the r n b hits playing LOUD 15 metres below me. I stayed in suite 1727.I decided to give up trying to sleep through this and live with the inconvenience of packing all my clothes and all the food i got for the kitchen and move but at 9:30 no other rooms were available and i was told there was nothing that could be done until 2 hours time. The receptionist said she would ask if they could turn the music down around the pool but that never materialised.The rooms are nice, beds are nice, bathroom shower and hot tub are all very nice but i'm not saying much that i wouldn't be saying about the wynn or venetian or bellagio for the same price range. The rest of the hotel is underwhelming, the dinning the room service the pool. I would only recommend staying in this hotel if you make absolutely sure you will be higher than floor 20 and don't care for the strip view or if you plan to be awake before 9am every day and like not having a casino in your hotel. Otherwise stay Wynn/Venetian/Bellagio.	
Jul 9 2009 	Serious Room Service Issues	I would not recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to Las Vegas; I've signed up with a new account just to review this hotel, here's why:Location: The hotel is not located &quot;on the Strip&quot;; it's a 7-10 min walk from there. In addition, it's at the very far end of the strip, not at the heart like Paris, Ceasar's, Bellagio or any of the others.Internet: In order to get internet access, you have to pay an extra $12. I have nothing against the $12; however, the concept of paying extra for internet access in a 5-star hotel bothers me. I've stayed at 2 &amp; 3-star hotels and they offer free in-room wireless internet access!Parking: Upon check-in, I was informed by the front desk lady that I would be charged an extra $15 for car valet, parking... etc. This being my first visit to Vegas, I agreed. Later that night, I found out that parking in any of Vegas's hotels that are on the strip is for free. You can go in and park your car yourself or you can drive to the front entrance and have a valet pick it up. When you want it back, just hand them back the ticket with a tip. Price: It is definitely overpriced; I paid $100 for a Sunday night. After checking in, I found out that we could have stayed in any of the nicer hotels that were actually on the strip for about $65.Room Service: I've left the best for last... This hotel has a major issue with their room service; we found a large amount of hair in the shower drain; and it this wasn't mine, nor my wife's! Finding this, I called up the front desk and asked for a new room because this one was not clean, they apologized and a new set of keys were sent over in 10 - 15 mins. Entering the new room, we went into the bathroom and found the same issue again!! Calling the front desk, I asked for the hotel manager to come and take a look at the shower drain; 5 - 10 mins later, the Room Service manager came up and was shocked to see this amount of hair in the drain. Her exact words were &quot;I'm surprised someone would have missed that when cleaning the bathroom!&quot;. She then promised to have someone come up and clean &amp; sanitize the bathroom immediately. 20 mins later, no one had arrived so I called front desk again asking for another room because we had show reservations that we did not want to miss. The manager offerred us an upgrade to a one-bedroom suite which I thanked her for. However, in this supposedly &quot;clean&quot; suite, we found left-over food from a previous guest in our fridge!At this point, I was tired of fighting and we had already missed our show. So, to try to enjoy what was left of the night, I dropped by the front desk again on our way out and asked for someone to clean the fridge. The whole process of moving through all those rooms had taken 3 precious hours from our sole night that we were spending in Vegas.Again, I would not recommend this hotel to anyone going to Vegas; although the hotel looks very nice and the rooms have clean-looking furniture; I rank bathroom hygiene far higher than anything else in a hotel.To be fair; we ate at their pool restaurant (H2 Eau); they had a delicious burger; I think it was called the &quot;Trump Burger&quot; or something of the sort. My wife also had a salad that was very good. All the furniture in the rooms looked new and was very well sorted.	
Jul 7 2009 	wonderful place incedible value	My wife and I stayed at Trump Hotel Jun 23 - 28, the hotel was very nice, it was definitely in line with other 5 star hotels in Vegas. We were upgraded to a one bedroom unit with strip view that was the size of an average condo. The unit has a full kitchen fully stocked, separate bedroom and living room, two full bathroom and several flat screen TV's. I did not eat at the restaurant but did spend time at the pool, very nice. The walk to the strip is not bad, 5-10 minutes through the mall, valet service worked hard to make sure the cars were delivered quickly.	
Jul 5 2009 	Underwhelmed.	The Trump is highly over rated. It was supposed to be elegant, but I found that, other than the lobby, to be rather average. There is no casino, which is ok, but then you would think that they would have other things to do. The pool looked like a Holiday Inn pool. Not spectacular on a Vegas scale. No real lounge area to speak of. The bar was ordinary. The food was very expensive ($16 burger) and so were the drinks ($8 cocktail). Charge of 18% gratuity plus $5 service charge for room service! Outrageous! Beware $15/day resort fee for use of pool and workout room, and &quot;complimentary&quot; coffee service. This hotel is not elegant and is a total ripoff. With so many other 5 star hotels in Vegas, don't choose the Trump!	
Jul 4 2009 	Nice but the Noise	The room was very nice and the service was excellent, however the noise of the train in the morning woke us up and the noise of the guests going in and out of their rooms made it hard to sleep. I would suggest going on an off time where you will b e able to enjoy your stay much better.	
Jul 3 2009 	Hotel has serious service problems	a fire alarm went early in the morning, the stairwell was hot and elderly people could not make it down. No one helped, told us it was a false alarm and when I got down I told security about the children and people with health problems stuck on the stairs - still no help - told the door man and front desk - still no help - no managment staff and the bar profiteered by charging the guests for drinks while we had to wait a long time to get back up the elevators. sent an email to Trump corportation about the problem and they ony sent an automated response. Profiteering and no emergency help - not even an appology	
Jul 1 2009 	amazing hotel	this hotel is amazing. I highly recommend to anyone traveling to vegas that wants to stay in a hotel where you can have a small kitchenette and no casino. this hotel is close to the strip and fashion show mall. it's right down the block from las vegas blvd.	
Jun 30 2009 	Good option for the right price	I loved the rooms at the Trump. The beds were great and the bathroom was amazing. The kitchenette would have come in handy if we were there for a longer trip. The pool was really nice. On the flipside the view from our room was lousy. The walk from the strip is miserable because there is no sidewalk. If there was a sidewalk it wouldn't have been that bad, but walking on the side of the road in heels at 3 in the morning in vegas isn't fun. There only appears to be one restaurant and a small bar. There is no casino. The hotel is beautiful but there aren't many ammenaties.	
Jun 29 2009 	Fantastic - bed of heaven	I stayed here on my honeymoon for one night as we were using Vegas as a stop-off rather than a destination. Nevertheless we wanted a good bed to sleep in and got a great deal on Priceline. The hotel says it is 'on the strip' but is actually located 200m off the strip but this isn't a problem and it is only 2 min walk to the Strip and the Wynn. The entrance, through Nordstrom in the Fashion Show Mall is straight across the road.As we booked through Priceline I guess we were in one of the poorer located rooms just above the swimming pool but it was INCREDIBLE. We've been lucky enough to stay at some amazing 5 star hotels around the world but this was right up there with the best. The room was massive with a huge bed, sofa, chairs and beautifully appointed kitchenette. The bathroom was palatial with a huge spa bath, walk in shower and every conceivable amenity - including TV in the mirror. The appointment of the room was immaculate as were the fittings in the rest of the hotel. We wandered around a few other hotels on the Strip - Wynn, Bellagio, Encore and while we didn't see the bedrooms in those the common rooms in the Trump oozed an opulence and class that the others could not match. I think this is down to the fact that it is a hotel and not a casino hotel - so there are not loads of other people trapsing through the corridors or people smoking in the lobby (it is a non- smoking hotel) and it meant you could feel apart from the madness of Vegas but still have it (literally) on your doorstep. Also being across the road from the Mall meant that we had access to great food in the restaurants or food court.Having seen Trump on TV we were expecting something pretty gaudy but were very suprised, yes it had plenty of gold but it wasn't over the top mock versace like the Wynn. In the class stakes Trump definitely outscored Steve Wynn - haircut aside of course.The piece de resistance in the room was the bed which was heavenly. Sadly my wife was ill when we stayed but this meant that she got to spend plenty of time in bed which she described as like 'sinking slowly into a warm fluffy cloud'. Bloomin good and I normally like quite hard beds. Staff were fab too although even the bell boy had had botox.	
Jun 25 2009 	Luxury at a Discount - if you get a discount	My sister and I stayed at the Trump for one night after three nights at Tuscany Hotel and Suites (highly recommend). I found a deal on travelzoo for the Trump and we got a standard king bed studio room. It certainly was pretty and luxurious. We used the fridge, microwave, etc and my sister said the tub was great with the jets. We had a view of the north strip. The sofa and chairs were an elegant touch. Registration people were very polite and friendly, pool waitresses pretty much ignored us. At the pool there were the beautiful rich people (who got good service) and then everyone else. There was medium loud hip hop/loungy music that created an adult, pool-party experience. Few children. The pool is beautiful though, the drinks way overpriced. We didn't eat anywhere in the hotel but chose to go to the very affordable food court at the Fashion Show Mall which is about a five minute walk (as is the Strip). I say stay at the Trump if you want to avoid casino madness and you can get an affordable room.	
Jun 25 2009 	Loved it	My first (and probably last) time to LV, booked Trump through Priceline name your own price. For $ 105 a night, we were checked in immediately and upgraded to a one bedroom suite. The lobby was calm, had a wonderful soothing fragrance, staff was cordial and efficient. Our room was spotless: Full living room with sectional sofa, flat panel TV, dining table, full kitchen with high end appliances, fully equipped with dishes, utensils, everything we needed. Coffee in room. 2 full baths, another TV in bedroom, lots of storage and a safe. Master bath with luxury 2 person shower, spa tub, dressing table, double vanity and TV built into mirror. Everything worked flawlessly in our room. We had a &quot;strip view,&quot; overlooking the pool (loud music there starting at 8 am.) No train noise like others have commented upon.Other than the dance music played at the pool which we could hear in our room early in the morning, we had no complaints at all. The premises were non-smoking and non-gambling, just like we wanted. This kept the lobby relatively quiet compared to the other hotels we walked through, with their mob scenes. We normally walked to the hotel, which was about 2 blocks off the strip near Wynn, or we walked across the street through the Fashion Show Mall Nordstrom entrance. We didn't find this to be a problem for us, since we were walking all day, checking out the hotels, the shopping and the restaurants. We loved coming back to the serenity of the Trump after all the craziness elsewhere.	
Jun 23 2009 	Very accommodating and Great Service	Despite the previous reviews of how the Trump was a ways from the strip, it had no Casino and very poor service/ turndown , even reading one review of how a customer's child found a Baggie of Cocaine upon checking into their room, I didn't really expect much as this was a last minute booking on my part with friends that were staying at the Wynn. The reservations at the Wynn were being difficult for me so I just booked a complete vacation at the the next closest hotel which was the Trump. Upon check in we (My brother &amp; myself) were treated very nicely and were upgraded rooms over the booking we had which was to a one bedroom . The front desk staff also gave us a late check out time of 4 pm without even asking as to accommodate our late 8pm departure flight that was apparently noted on our reservation. A full explanation of the $15 resort fee was offered as well which was another point of contention that I read in past reviews. I can see why this resort fee would appear to be Bogus especially if you have to dole out tips additionally so I asked if tipping was necessary and was explained that this fee was to take care of the tipping for the staff for the most part (minus the bellhops I think). That worked for me. I even mentioned that I had friends staying at the Wynn and asked what would be required for them to come to the pool at the Trump like I had to come down to greet them before being let in and such. Nope all that was required was that I would have to record their names at the front desk and when my friends arrived all they would have to do is give our name/room number and verify who they are then they would be given a key for the pool. I was very surprised to say the least. When I later went to the Wynn pool it felt I was going get pat down even with my friend with his room key standing beside me telling the security I was his guest. Well anyhow back to the check in, after my questions I had a half hour to meet my friends at the Mystique show at Treasure Island and explained it to the Check in staff. Well that expedited our check in as we were quickly lead up to my room and asked if we required a Taxi. The one thing that was really nice was the fact we didn't have to walk through a huge casino to find the check in counter, actually liked the fact there was no casino.Well the room (58th floor) was bloody amazing as the view was unbelievable with the south strip out bedroom window and the north strip out the living room window, it was one heck of an upgrade. Quickly changed, downed the complementary bottle of water so we didn't melt and to my amazement when we got down to the lobby the Bellhop had a Taxi waiting. Off to the show we went. My brother returned at 4 in the morning and promptly asked the front desk if he could buy more water, they said no problem we will have house keeping bring you some. My brother returned to our room and barely took his shoes before housekeeping knocked on the door with 4 bottles of water at no charge. Keep in mind this at 4am, my friend did this at the Wynn when he returned roughly the same time and it cost him $8 for a stinkin' bottle of water. Anyways we received much of the same service throughout the trip including the shoeshine service, I just had too... even upon departure my 4 friends couldn't even get a sniff of a late check at the Wynn so they came over to our hotel room with all there luggage in tow without even a problem. Even when we checked out and went for dinner before our flight the concierge even took my friends' luggage in for safekeeping and had a cab ready for us when we returned. When my Brother asked the Concierge why he was willing to take my friends' luggage, all the Concierge said was I hope your friends will stay at the Trump in the Future. I almost forgot that I was so impressed by our room that I asked upon check out if there was any chance of getting the same room if I return to Vegas, the manager gave me his card and told me to e-mail him when I book and before I arrive and they will the same room available for me next time. Couldn't help but feel impressed. As for the previous reviews, the closest casino was the Wynn or Treasure Island if you cut through the mall was about a 15 minute walk away from entrance to entrance which wasn't to bad. For food our room came with a fully decked kitchen, and ABC was in the mall to pick up extras if wanted. Didn't actually eat the Trump but the mall had a wide array of food choices but you must try Maggiano’s in the mall simply excellent Italian food and the most reasonable. By the way rooms were very clean and never did find a baggie of Cocaine in my room... ;) Sorry just had to.	
Jun 21 2009 	awesome!!	this is certainly an spectacular hotel. The views are incredible, you can either have main strip view or south las vegas Blvd view, both are very nice. The rooms are a incredible! our room had a living area with flat screen, an a kitchen with top o f the line aprliances and all you need to use it, a full bath in the living rm area, the bedroom has another flat screen, a huge shower, bath tub, a tv inside the mirror. just awesome. The only negative thing is the front desk stuff, they can be snobby.	
Jun 21 2009	Never Again!	Me and my family stayed at the Trump hotel for 5 days in celebration of my mom's 70th birthday, I personally didn't care for the beds, they were aweful, soft and mushy, my mother was miserable the entire time because the bed offered no support to the back. I loved the huge soaking tubs and the little kitchens. But the entire time we were there, we were nickled and dimed to death. First of all, you have no control over your car, there are no other alternatives....VALET Parking only! So eeeeeverytime you need your car, you have to sit and wait while they drive the car to you and of course this means a &quot;Tip&quot; every time your car is taken away or brought to you. This is not the only reason I will never stay at this hotel, but it definately is high on the list. Also, here's a pretty slick thing we noticed that they do, the bellman who unloads your luggage on the cart, is completely different from the one who takes your luggage to your room, so you end up tipping twice. Clever huh?In the past, we've always stayed at the Venetian, but the reason I stayed at the Trump this time is because I'm the proud pet parent of two yorkies and a daschund and this was the only &quot;affordable&quot; hotel that accepts dogs....of course there's the famous Four Seasons, but unless you have $400 per night....ummmm!	
Jun 20 2009 	Nice Stay Price was right	Nice place to stay. Right across from fashion show mall which was nice. No casino so that's fine too. Clean and quiet. Clean large rooms and really enjoyed the fridge and coffee maker. Still found ourselves gravitating back to the Wynn though. (Still one of my favs). Price was right but don't have a burning desire to stay here again when there are other great deals on the strip.	
Jun 19 2009 	Affordable luxury close to the strip	My partner and I stayed at the Trump for 9 nights at the beginning of June. We were very impressed with the location - across from Fashion show mall and within walking distance of the strip. It's non-smoking and there is no casino area so very nice for returning back after a tiring day!The room was perfect - good size with a large (very comfy) bed, a well stocked kitchenette, couch + chairs, plenty of closet/drawer space and a great view of the strip. The bathroom was huge, with a whirlpool/jacuzzi style bath, two sinks and a tv in the mirror (cool!). The shower room was seperated by glass doors, as was the toilet. Cleanliness was 100%. The noise from other rooms and corridors was non-existant however you can hear the music from the pool which plays all day and the sound of the occasional passing train. It wasn't enough to cause annoyance or prevent sleep for us, but a light-sleeper might find the trains to be a problem.The gym and pool areas are kept to a high standard. However my only gripe is the constant music playing (often the same songs) quite loudly in the pool area. This makes it hard (almost impossible) to relax or read a book. The business centre is ok - quite small with 3 computers for which you can use the internet, it cost around $6 per 15 minutes and extra for printing which is a bit steep. In the fashion show mall food court you'll find it for $10 per 30 mins and there is a little soul food cafe off the strip (just north of encore) which has it for $5 for 30 mins.We ate at the DJT restaurant for breakfast one morning. It was nice food but the prices weren't on the menu. We were a little shocked when the bill came and it was over $60 for breakfast! It was good, but not THAT good. The staff and valet were very friendly and helpful. Occasionally there is a wait for your car at the valet, especially on weekends when it got really busy. However we never waited more than 10 minutes and they have comfy chairs to wait on. Checkin and checkout were quick and painless but be warned, las vegas hotels charge a $15 a night resort fee.	
Jun 16 2009 	Out of this world	Spoiled, Spoiled, Spoiled. Our room was WONDERFUL. The bed and pillows were like sleeping on clouds, and the tub, oh the tub, was more than big enough. THANK YOU THANK YOU FOR A WONDERFUL STAY.	
Jun 14 2009 	Beautiful Property Slightly Akward Position	Gorgeous suites -definitely swing for the one bedroom rather than a studio. I enjoyed the fact that there was no casino in this hotel as I hate wheeling suitcases through other hotel lobbies trying to figure out where the check-in desk is. The pool is great, lots of seats and great food and drink service and the gym is also well done. The best meal we had in Vegas was at the hotel's restaurant -$29 for a three-course meal. Walking onto the strip is a hassle, there's no two ways about it. Walking through the mall is an option, but it doesn't shorten the trip much. If you don't mind the expense, grab a cab. Call for turn-down service as the chocolates provided are fantastic. Room service was fast and well-presented. If you want to get CRAZY in Vegas this isn't the hotel for you, but if you want a tranquil home base, this is a good choice.	
Jun 12 2009 	Great Property!	I recently stayed at the Trump for three nights, I highly recommend it. I had a studio room that was very large. It had a Sub-Zero fridge, Jacuzzi, flat screen TV, and everything else you could want. It is about a block off the Strip across from Nordstrom's in the Fashion Show Mall. Wynn and Encore are the two closest Casinos. Very clean, impeccable service, great value.Highly recommended.	
Jun 12 2009 	You're Fired Mr. Trump For Having Such A Dirty Hotel	Where should I start? I recently stayed at the Trump while attending a conference in Las Vegas. I chose the Trump because it was a non-smoking facility that was not on the strip. My sixteen month old baby and husband accompanied me on the trip. We checked in on Wednesday and checked out on Sunday. During our 4 nights at the Trump, we had to be moved three times. We checked in around midnight and by 6 a.m.,we were up because the hotel had decided to begin construction that early in the morning. A loud jack hammering sound woke my son up and he refused to go back to bed. We asked to be moved and we were moved to a new room. When we walked into our new room, it was filthy. There were crumbs on the counter, lint all over the chair, the furniture looked beaten up, and my toddler found leftover orange seeds embedded into the carpet. I was appalled and asked to be moved again. In between our second and third move, the fire alarm went off. Frightened out of my mind and sleep deprived, I grabbed my baby and began my journey down the stairs from the 56th floor. On the 28th floor, we were turned back and told that it was merely a test. We moved into a room on the 40th floor. This time, no bellman came to help us with our luggage and we dragged our things down ourselves. The room on the 40th floor was no better. My toddler found an old, moldy toothbrush under the nightstand and an old McDonald’s cup and straw that had been left by someone who had stayed in the room before. Exhausted from moving and not having slept enough, we decided that it wasn’t worth it to request another room. We spoke to the manager and the best he could do was waive the $11 internet fee and the $15 a night resort charge that we had not even known about when we first booked the hotel. This hotel is not a four star hotel. The housekeeping staff seems to be overworked or underpaid. The rooms are not clean. My son spilled cheerios on the carpet and for the four days we stayed in our third room, the cheerios remained there. Think about this before you book your stay at the Trump.	
Jun 11 2009 	Great Value	We stayed here for two nights last weekend. I Pricelined it for $100 a night (you can possibly find it for $89 a night now though). It is located one block off the strip. The walk isn't bad at all because the street is well-lit and it isn't ghetto or anything. The lobby is beautiful. Check in was speedy, however, beware of the $15 resort fee each night they tack on...for what? Not sure. we forgot all about it though when we got to the room... wow.. absolutely gorgeous! The room is BIG with one entire wall of built in cabinets, drawers, shelves and kitchen stuff. There was also a nice plasma TV. Something I appreciated is that there was ZERO noise from neighboring rooms and the hallway. Thats one thing i really HATE about some hotels and fortunately, this room was super quiet and private. THANK YOU TRUMPY!The bathroom is HUGE with a big shower, plenty of space for two.. with a big jacuzzi tub and a built in TV in the vanity mirror! Spotless space with plenty of towels. They only give you two soap bars, shampoo, conditioner, lotion and a shower cap. Nothing special. The bed was big and soft and super comfy. The kitchenette was well equipped with everything you'd need, except napkins! Anyhoo, the kitchen comes with pots, pans, silverware, plates, cups, mugs, wine glasses, salad spinner, pot holders, spatulas, place mats.. all sorts of stuff. One thing I noticed is that they forgot to take the used coffee filter thingy out of the coffee machine. Minor mistake, no biggie. They wash your dishes for you everyday. YEAH! LOVE IT! Also, they give you a few bottles of water every day which I appreciated. We were on kind-of-a budget so we took cereal from home and just bought milk from the Walgreens down the road. It helped to save a few bucks for breakie. We also brought our leftovers from the restaurants we went to so the fridge and microwave came in handy. Hey, times are tough! Gotta do, whatcha gotta do, right?We had a city view (39th floor). We heard the train passing by the first night but only because we were still awake around 2am. It wasn't that bad though. If you are a SUPER light sleeper, then just take ear plugs. Geez. Possibly my favorite part has to be the robes! Yes, robes. They were soft and comfy and just oh so nice! They sell them for $125 at the spa but I found them online somewhere for $75 each. We enjoyed the pool one of the days and it was nice. I enjoyed the nice pool chairs and the music. I noticed people waiting a bit for their cars at the valet. But they seemed to only wait 5-10 minutes. We just walked and took the DEUCE bus everywhere. It wasn't bad at all but we really like walking so it depends I guess. Also, something really nice was that they day we checked out, we went downstairs to leave our suitcases with the front desk because our plane didn't leave until 7pm and the front desk guy offered to extend our checkout until 4PM! At this point it was 11am and we had other things planned but we thought it was a nice gesture! Next time we'll take them up on it. I appreciated that it is a non-smoking hotel. And we don't gamble, so the lack of a casino actually made our stay more enjoyable. I HIGHLY recommend this place to all.	
Jun 7 2009 	Swanky hotel just off the Strip	We were very impressed by the value of the hotel and the beautiful rooms - very luxurious.The check in/out proceedure took far too long, as did the valet service - we had to wait over 30mins to check out and then abnother 30 for the car.The pool was lovely although needs more beds - not nearly enough for the size of the hotel.Location wasn't too bad, a little walk away from the strip but not too far.I would definately recommend to friends.	
Jun 6 2009 	Great Hotel Great Staff Great Food - Beware the $15 resort fee!!	I stayed at the Trump Hotel &amp; Tower in Las Vegas for 4 nights from the 23rd thru 27th May on the final leg of an around the world holiday. (This included the busy Memorial Day Weekend) After reading earlier reviews I contemplated changing Hotels but, all things considered, was glad I decided not to. From my perspective the Hotel is definitely 5 Star in terms of comfort &amp; every one of the staff I encountered was extremely friendly and helpful. (Ryan in the bar is awesome and the food is great - try the gumbo on the Tapas menu!!!)The only complaint I had was the $15 per night resort fee. Thanks to Trip Advisor I was aware I might be 'hit up' for this and when asked to accept the $15 per night fee at check-in said I would not be using the resort. I was told it was mandatory but, after pointing out that it didn't appear on any of the booking paperwork, it was reluctantly waived as a ‘goodwill gesture’. (I was firmly advised I would need to pay it next time)Once back in Australia I did a 'dummy' booking on the Trump website and at no time does this $15 fee show up. At best I think this is misleading and can only assume that the reason for this &amp; some of the other mixed reviews is due to Management cost cutting and / or trying to improve the ROI per guest in a tough economic environment. (NB: I would have been happy to pay the $15 per night if I was told about it when booking)During my stay I asked many other guests if they were aware of this fee and the only one who was had stayed at the Hotel previously.............all were upset about it. I would seriously suggest that Management consider making this charge clear at the time of booking, otherwise they are simply beginning every guest's stay on a negative note in what is otherwise a great Hotel.NB: The train didn’t bother me at all (South Strip View on the 51st Floor) and getting to and from the Strip is easy either along the road or through Nordstrom and the Mall. Would definitely stay again......But bring your paperwork!!!	
Jun 5 2009 	Would definately stay here again.	The gleaming gold 64 storey Trump Tower stands out on the Las Vegas skyline and is impressive as you approach it. We had a corner suite on the 51st floor with spectacular views over the strip by day and by night. We had a large bathroom, a shower room, kitchen, lounge/diner and the large dedroom had floor to ceiling double aspect windows overlooking both ends of the Strip. The suite was well appointed, tastefully decorated and beautifully furnished. We couldn't have wished for a better place to stay on our honeymoon. The staff were helpful and curteous at all times and always greeted you with a smile. The Trump is a non casino hotel which was what we wanted and is only a few minutes walk from the Strip itself. I would have no hesitation whatsoever in recommending this place to anyone of any age and would definately stay there again on my next visit to Las Vegas.	
Jun 2 2009 	Great Weekend	This was truly a great porperty. We got a pretty good deal through Priceline, and even though there is no casino and the fact it is not &quot;right on the strip&quot; did not make one difference to us. The resort is easy walking distance to the Fashion Show Mall, Wynn, Encore, Palazzo &amp; Venitian. If you want to go further south, it is a quick inexpensive cab ride.The room was great... very spacious, awesome bathroom, and nice decor. I would not hesitate to stay here again.	
May 27 2009 	Its somewhat nice but Ill neve stay there again	So I decided to stay here memorial day weekend. When I get there the checkout took forever. They had plenty of people working up front but it was very slow and it didnt seem like they were trying to hurry things up. I get to my room finally and as I expected it is pretty nice. I am not the greatest reviewer so ill make it quick, The tv in my bathroom didnt work. The $15 a day charge is a joke. No other hotel charges this. I had to take a taxi everywhere I wanted to go and that adds up. Its better to stay at a hotel that is on the strip. It will come out to the same price and I believe you will get a nicer room (for example the wynn or venetian)I personally loved the bed. It is very soft so if you dont like that its not for you. My biggest problem with this hotel was the bathtub. I turned on the water and noticed these black spots on the tub. I look closer and its human hair. It was disgusting. I could not believe what I saw. The rest of the room seemed clean to me besides that. The staff was friendly and no complaints thereThere is no Casino, so again you have to take a taxi whenever you feel like playing. Its about $8 each way. The taxi line is horrible. You will be waiting a bit to get a taxi because not many show up and the trump employees are verrrrrry slow at moving them along. I ended up just walking into the street and picking one up that way. I didnt feel like waiitng 45 minutes for a taxi. The room service food is very average especially for what they charge. There is a $5 fee per meal and 18% gratuity is added. Would I stay here agian? NEVER! Ill be staying at the Wynn (I spent most my time there). Wynn is about $150 more for 2 nights VS the trump and I have never had any problems there.	
May 26 2009 	Very poor - too many problems. All that glitters is not gold.	1. Despite being on the 20-something floor, the noise from the train passing multiple times per hour during the night, woke me up. Why no better soundproofing?2. The bed is way way too soft - as are the pillows. If Holiday Inn can give pillow choice, why can't Trump?3. Booked on Hotels.com ... the price didn't include the $15 &quot;resort&quot; fee which is mandatory. Unlike other 5-star type resorts, this didn't include the internet which is another $12+ per day.4. Valet is extremely slow despite being quiet. When I complained that it had taken 20 mins, instead of simply stating he was sorry for the inconvenience, the valet embarressed himself by calling the valet supervisor and confirming that it hadn't taken 20 mins, it had in fact, taken 16 !!!5. For two days I called for the room to be serviced on leaving at 11am. Returning at 4pm to find it hadn't been done.6. They have kitchenettes. In mine there were no knives, no kitchen roll (which you get at the much better MGM Signature) and the stove top didn't work.7. They have a desk but no desk chair, so anyone wanting to work on their laptop will have a bad time.8. The coffee machine which was also a bit broken down got refilled with ONLY de-caf - twice.Frankly, for a 5-star hotel, this is rubbish. I usually stay in identical sizze suites at the MGM Signature which you can often get cheaper. This hotel looks like they ran out of money. I didn't have one good nights sleep and stayed in a $69 Holiday Inn in N.Nevada after 6 days in the Trump and had my first good sleep.Avoid - I will.	
May 25 2009 	Fantastic stay for Vegas virgins!	Just got back from our first Vegas trip, May 21-25. I booked our trip on Price line and was a little dissappointed when I saw that we were staying at Trump due to the fact that there was no casino. After reading the reviews here I was even more worried, however the hotel is fantastic! Upon arrival we were upgraded to a strip view room on the 57th floor. The room was amazing, clean, giant jacuzzi tub, comfortable bed...what more could one want. Yes, one required a cab or a nice walk to reach the casinos on the strip, but my husband and I had no problem on either count. The staff was pleasant, check in went smoothly and the hotel was a nice, quiet oasis after long nights of gambling, drinking and whatnot. We did not eat at any of the restaurants or go to the pool as we had so many other activities we wanted to fit in.I would say that if you want to eat, shop, gamble and attend shows all in one location then this is definitely not the place for you. If you're looking for a beautiful, comfortable room to come back to after a long night then you can't beat Trump.We walked to Treasure Island, Wynn, The Venetian and The Palazzo- and I was in heels! A quick $10-$15 cab rides gets you almost anywhere else. Downtown was $24.Overall, we very much enjoyed our stay and would consider returning here in the future.	
May 21 2009 	Forget it!	My husband and I booked a room for one night in Las Vegas. The room appeared beautiful when we entered. We quickly discovered the flaws. The toilet seat came off when we sat on it. The TV in the bathroom didn't work. The room had no black out shades (but it did have a track for them). There were not enough towels. There were no extra little products in the bathroom that one is used to in a 5 star hotel. 6 hours later, the engineer called to fix the TV but it was 10PM and we just settled down to sleep. No turn down service. It is a little bit sketchy walking to the strip from the hotel - there is no paved walkway all the way there and no lights. The pool has no umbrellas/no shade. There is a train that comes by frequently and you hear the noise loudly at the pool and in your room (we were on the 18th floor). Last year we stayed at the Wynn and were completely happy. Don't bother here.	
May 21 2009 	Unique no-casino no-smoking hotel-- a haven from the strip	We stayed here 5/14-16. There is a $15 resort fee and $14 parking fee. Hotel is nice and quiet with clean air. My daughters thought they saw Clinton from &quot;What Not to Wear&quot; while we were there, and I wouldn't be surprised if the Trump is popular with celebrities as it has such an insulated, peaceful atmosphere as compared with the casino hotels. It is difficult to walk to the strip due to the lack of crosswalks and sidewalks in the area. From experience, I think the best way is to cross directly from the Trump porte cochere to Nordstrom's porte cochere (entering through the men's department), walk straight through (go around escalators) and you will see a mall map straight ahead. We would usually walk to Neiman Marcus and exit near the Tickets4Less storefront. Once outside, turn right and walk to LV Blvd, &quot;the strip.&quot; There is a bus stop right in front of the mall for the double-decker &quot;Deuce&quot; buses. These are the tourists' best friends as they stop up and down the strip and even go downtown to Fremont. Fare is exact-change-only!! Prices are $3 one way, $7 for 24-hour unlimited pass, and $15 for 3-day unlimited pass.Tickets4less is a good source for show and meal tix, but check the best prices online before buying. One of their best values is a $2 coupon which gets you Harrah's Flavor's buffet for 1/2 price ($8 for lunch, $18? for supper which includes bottomless soda/milk/juice). They had snow crab legs when we went for supper but it was overcooked. We thought the lunch was fabulous though.We got stuck in the Trump's elevator during our trip, and the management was very apologetic and compensated us for our trouble.In the evening, it is imperative to return to Trump through the mall or take a taxi at night if you aren't fast on your feet or can't see well. Drivers speed down the street at night, and it is curvy and dark, without sidewalks or crosswalks.	
May 21 2009 	I would be more than happy to live at the Trump everything superb.	This was the fifth hotel of our stay in April/May in the USA. From the moment we arrived to the moment we left we felt welcome, well looked after, extremely comfortable and in fact we extended our stay by 3 days as we didn't think we could better it.Every member of staff did their best to make our stay perfect.The hotel is quiet, relaxing &amp; a perfect distance from the strip.We would happily return anytime but feel that once the secret is out the cost will be too high.... shame.The pool is the nicest we have experienced &amp; we were confident that everywhere was cleaned thoroughly.I have only one slight gripe, the loud music at the pool was not to my taste, I would have preferred it to be more relaxing so I could enjoy my book.	
May 21 2009 	Fine Hotel But Not Worth Staying Here	My wife and I went into the stay at the Trump with our eyes open (off the Strip, no gambling, etc.) and keeping an open mind. The problem was that even knowing those shortcomings and accepting them because of what seemed like a really good deal, there were just too many other issues to overcome.Check-in did not start off well. There was one staff person handling check-in, while there were at least five parties waiting for rooms. Another person did not come out for at least five minutes, by which time another five parties had arrived. Hard to believe there were not a few more employees in back who could have helped. When we were checked in and given the $50 spa credit that accompanied the room we booked, we were told that it was $50 off of a minimum $150 spa treatment. That was never made clear when we were booking the room. Seems like that would have been a point worth mentioning.The room itself was beautiful. New by Vegas standards, it was everything we were told it would be. Comfortable bed, chairs and couch, huge bathroom, and very nice kitchenette. Also, the no smoking policy was wonderful. That is the one true advantage to this property.While waiting for our luggage to be brought up, I noticed that there were no knives in the drawer with the other utensils. When the bags were dropped off, I pointed this out. The bellman offered to have them sent up immediately. We went down the gym (which was small, but certainly fine), came back to the room and still no knives. I placed a call to room service and was told someone would bring them right up. They never came. Housekeeping also did not replace them the next day (though they did remove/replace a dirty spoon we left in the sink). Long story short, it took TWO more calls over the next two days and asking for a supervisor in housekeeping before they were brought up. To me, that's just not acceptable in a hotel of this quality.While that was a minor annoyance, there was an even bigger problem: our &quot;City View&quot; room was about a block away from train tracks. Since the shades were generally closed, not a big deal. Except that every time a train approached, it blasted its whistle numerous times. This happened several times per night, and at least once during the day when we were in the room. I've stayed in nearly a dozen hotels on and off the strip in Vegas and this was the first time I was ever awakened by a train.The other main problem was the location. Train tracks aside, it is off the Strip. And yes, I knew that going in, but I guess I didn't realize what that meant. First, unless you wanted to eat at the one restaurant on-site, you had to leave to eat. Also, if you wanted to gamble, you had to leave to do that. Obviously, no shows or other entertainment. In short, it just didn't feel like Vegas. For some people that might be a plus. But my question is then why go to Vegas? Nothing is convenient. We walked to the Wynn one day by cutting through the mall, which is just across the street. But I can't imagine doing this when going out for the evening. I could not recommend this hotel, and won't be staying there again. Maybe the best way to describe it is &quot;removed.&quot; And that's not why we go to Vegas. The service was horrible, and resulted in even minor things becoming increasingly annoying when trying to enjoy a vacation. But if you are going to go, make sure to bring heavy duty ear plugs or ask for a room that is not near the train tracks.	
May 21 2009 	Trump Las Vegas provides convenience and value for a price	I just returned from four nights at Trump Las Vegas. I booked this hotel on Priceline for $115/ night. At this rate, I felt the hotel provided convenience and value. I would not stay here as a leisure traveler. The pool and restaurants are fair. However everything is spotless unlike many Las Vegas hotels. In a nutshell, he hotel is close to Wynn, facing Nordstrom's, new, clean and safe. I am not going to nit-pick it to death for $115 a night.	
May 19 2009 	Felt Good to be Trumped	This is a beautiful, very clean hotel. The room and its furnishings were extraordinary. On the downside, it's off the Strip and a cab ride from almost anything other than the Wynn. (A fact that I knew about and I certainly can't complain about.) Service was generally very good. Our TV wouldn't work the first night and a tech guy came up very quickly. (It was a disconnected cable). But a service request I put in about two other fairly minor issues wasn't fulfilled a day after I made the request.We didn't use the hotel restaurants. But the bartenders at the Lobby bar were very agreeable indeed.A minor grouse was that the hotel charged a $15 per day resort fee. We knew this in advance and aren't complaining. But the &quot;free&quot; water in the room had a sign saying it was courtesy of the Wynn. The resort fee, it was explained at check-in, was intended to cover items such as the coffee and water in the room. C'mon guys, kill the signs.I'd recommend the hotel.	
May 18 2009 	Great deal if you can get a suite	We got a suite for $150 for a Sunday night. We were disappointed to learn about the extra $15 &quot;resort &quot; fee for the mandatory parking, but when we walked into our suite, we didn't worry about it. Our suite was great -- a little mini-kitchen with complimentary water (unlike other hotels which charge you), stove, mini-fridge, big comfy couch with a view of the Strip, nice soft bed, lots of full-length mirrors, a jacuzzi tub with separate shower area, dual sinks -- it was really luxurious.We weren't that impressed with the pool, but sipping wine in the jacuzzi bath more than made up for it (there were wine glasses in the kitchenette.) It was kindof cool to be in a hotel in Vegas without a casino -- not sure how the Donald makes $ on this hotel. Oh, if you're coming from the South, off the Spring Mountain exit, be warned that &quot;Fashion Show Drive&quot; = &quot;Wynn Drive&quot;. I.e. you won't see the right street sign because it changes names on Las Vegas Blvd. Donald probably didn't want the address for Trump Tower to be on Wynn Drive, I'm guessing. But the streets aren't really labeled clearly.	
May 18 2009 	Great Stay at Trump	We just returned from a short visit to the Trump Hotel in Vegas. We had a great stay. The beds are comfortable, and the room is overall well equipped with a beautiful kitchen area (that we did not use). We did not eat in the hotel as there are so many wonderful options close by. I had a bloody mary at the pool bar and it was one of the best bloodies I’ve had in my life. The location is nice as it’s close to the Wynn and Treasure Island. I found the service to be delightful and am surprised at the reviews of poor service because I experienced nothing but good service and a helpful staff. The lobby smells amazing and it’s so nice to walk in there after spending time in smoky casinos (same lobby smell as Langham Place in Hong Kong for any of you that have been there before). I will definitely stay there again when I am in Vegas.	
May 18 2009 	A very bad hotel for Las Vegas and in general.	There are so many issue with this place it is hard to figure out where to begin. The location is out of the way for being on the Las vegas Strip. It is right across the street from the Mall and the closest hotel is on the other side of the mall. You could walk, but it is a good 15 minute hike to the main strip before you reach the other hotels.Since there is no casino if you want to gamble you must go to other hotels. There are also no shows or other entertainment options. There is a spa, but that is about all.upon arriving we were told that the hotel does not have any rooms with two queens. All rooms, according to the front desk, have a king size bed and a sofa queen. The desk clerk said the sofa beds are very nice and high quality. Turn out the sofa bed was like every other cheap hotel with a mattress a few inches thick and no bedding.The room it self was nice, there was a stove, toaster, blender, coffee maker, etc. Although, I did not recall if there were plates and such as we eat out. The bathroom was nice with a shower and large spa tub.Although the location and lack of casino was a disappointment we tried to make the best of our choice. The next morning we discovered to our horror that the linen had not been changed from the previous guest. We noticed that one corner of the top sheet had a small blood stain. As we lifted the sheet we found that the blood had reached the bottom sheet and mattress pad.We complained to the front desk. They offered to move us to another room. We decided to stay in the room, but asked that all the bedding be replaced. When we came back that evening the bedding had been replaced. The next morning we discovered that the rest of room service was lacking. They did not clean the coffee maker or replace the supplies that we had used. We do not believe the glasses we used were replaced. Either that or they need to change their dish washer. They didn't replace the hand towels , nor provide new shampoo and other toiletries.This was the service provided after we told them we discovered blood on our sheets. I can't image what it would be like without the front desk's personal guarantee that they would ensure the room was cleaned.When I checked out I told the front desk that I was not satisfied with my stay at the hotel. They looked at my account and told me that they had removed the $15 spa charge (This fee is a whole other issue, but something I know hotels charge) as compensation for finding blood on the bedding issue. I never was contacted by a manager or customer service representative to discuss what happen. If the Trump International was presenting itself as a One or Two star hotel, maybe I could understand. However, they state they are a 5 star hotel. Even, without the room service issues this hotel is a very bad choice for Las Vegas.	
May 13 2009 	VERY DISAPPOINTING--UNSAFE	I guess that I should have checked Trip Advisor before booking our stay. Our family had 2 nights in Las Vegas before travelling to the Grand Canyon. Since we were travelling with 2 children (6 &amp; 8), I chose Trump because it claimed to be a 5 star property that was located off the strip. The fact that it did not have a casino was one of the determining factor. I presumed, incorrectly, that the hotel would offer comfort and safety. NOT.My 6 year old found drugs (bags of cocaine) in our room! Presumaby this room was serviced before our arrival? NOT. Obviously, I was horrified. When I advised the hotel manager what had happened, his response was simply, &quot;Thanks for reporting the issue. We will need you to complete a security report.&quot;..No concern, no apology! When we returned, I responded to an email survey with detailed information on the incident---NO FOLLOW UP. I wrote a letter to Trump Headquaters regarding--NO FOLLOW UP...Be warned, safety, service and customer satisfaction is of no concern to Trump properties.	
May 12 2009 	Beautiful hotel substandard service	The Trump is a gorgeous hotel. The room was beautiful, and in fact was probably the best-looking hotel room I've ever had. The decor was sophisticated and luxurious. It really did seem five-star. My only complaint about the room was the bed -- it wasn't very comfortable. It was hard, and also a bit lopsided. (However, the linens were plush and comfortable.) My biggest complaint about the hotel was the service. When I asked for some very basic services, the staff gave me blank looks as though they had no idea what I was talking about. The woman at the reception desk seemed as though it was her first day on the job -- she stammered a lot and had to ask for someone's help to find me a room. Also, the housekeeping service wasn't very good -- they neglected to clean some things, and forgot to stock others. All in all, the staff seemed surly and unenthusiastic. I've stayed at four- and five-star hotels before, and have come to expect a certain level of service. The Trump fell far short. I would still recommend the hotel because of the lovely rooms.	
May 11 2009 	loved this non-gaming facility	We loved our suite! our room was big and spacious, clean and bright. We were over looking the pool (south) which did tend to get noisy as the day progressed, we could hear the music from the pool in our room - and after a late night it was awful waking up to 90's hits. that being said our room was top notch. The hotel is located about a block off the strip which we loved because it was not in the midst of all the LV craziness - we also loved that this was not a gaming facility for the same reason. We also loved that car service was complimentary, when available - which was great because i used it to get to the PremiumOutlets which is about 10-15 min away. We ordered room service which was well below LV food standards, in quality and taste, but they set it up in our room beautifully with table cloth &amp; china. The wknd we were there was during the MissAmerica contest and we met DonaldTrump in the lobby! The spa was awesome I had a dermalucent facial which was divine and the spa facilities were fab.	
May 11 2009 	Very clean but poor value/service and wouldn't come back.	Stayed one night on a personal trip with my wife and the hotel is immaculate which was great but to be expected from a 5 star hotel. Problem was the service. The morning we woke up we noticed there was no regular coffee, only decaf. We called the front desk and was on hold for over 5 minutes. When we finally spoke to someone and asked for someone to bring up the coffee it took 40 minutes!! I actually thought they forgot and since we were about ready to leave, I didn't bother to call back. They don't have parking so you need to valet and we waited nearly 25 minutes for our car to arrive. Some other shortcomings include the toilet paper being equivalent to sand paper, the $15 resort fee and a $7 charge to use the internet not including a charge to print! You would think the resort fee would cover that. 5 star, $350+ night room and you are nickel and diming me for 5 minutes on the web to print out my boarding pass?? Sorry, can't recommend this hotel with that level of service.	
May 10 2009 	Great deal	We were in town for a concert and planning on staying at a friends. At the last minute we decided to book a hotel so we could have a pool to use. I Pricelined a 5 star hotel at the Northend of the strip and got the Trump for $110. We were kind of bummed at first but everything was great. We checked in early and were able to upgrade to a suit for $50 more. The rooms were very nice, clean and the bed was very comfortable. We had no problem getting the double lounge chair by the pool but the bar/resturant was under staffed and took a while for drinks.. Its a pretty small pool area but was nice bc it was smoke free!! Over all great deal!! and would be good for low keys couples who want to be off the strip and dont gamble and families.G	
May 10 2009 	Best North End Strip Value in Las Vegas: GO GOLD!	For those looking (or contemplating) what Vegas would be like to stay at a high-end hotel that doesn't have a casino-- Stay at the Trump. My wife and I were aprehensive at first, due to some bad reviews, but when we arrived we could not have been more impressed. The Trump has excellent, attentive (and attractive) staff members, huge suite-style rooms, High-end hotel chic finishes, unbelievable food selection, and a great pool scene. While it is not the resort for a group of 15 dudes looking to go clubbing, it is the perfect hotel to go with a small group of friends or a spouse. The Trump is also non-smoking which is a major plus. There is no casino-- before we left all I could think of was 'I wish it had a casino,' but after being out in Vegas all night when I walked back into the smoke-free, beautiful lobby, all I could think was 'I'm so glad there is no casino!' Food and drinks are a little pricey, but the 5-star hotel is all you would expect from the Donald. Close to the mall (adjacent to Nordstroms) and easy access to some great attractions. Great hotel and great value over other north end 5-star hotels.	
May 5 2009 	Fabulous Experience	The Trump Las Vegas is everything you'd expect it to be. We booked on Priceline and were able to get a fantastic price per night. We stayed for 4 nights and 5 days and didn't want to leave! The jacuzzi bathroom, the in-room kitchenette, and the amazing views were all incredible! Highly recommend this hotel, especially if you're looking for a quiet experience - as there is no casino in the Trump.The only word of caution is that it is not on the strip ... but close enough that you're basically right across the street from the Wynn and behind the Fashion Mall. Also, this hotel has virtually no food - so eating late or breakfast were a bit tricky unless you wanted to pay for room service. Overall, excellent - we will be coming back!	
May 4 2009 	Truly a V.I.P. experience -- well worth it if you can get a discount!	We were lucky enough to get a room here for ~$100/night (via Priceline); we probably wouldn't have been able to afford it otherwise. A neatly-groomed doorman greeted us and a friendly reception desk attendant checked us in. Another well-dressed staff member verified that we had a room key before we rode the elevator up. Our tastefully-decorated room was HUGE, complete with a single king-sized bed and a queen-sized pull-out couch. We had plenty of shelving and dresser drawers, a glass coffee table with a tic-tac-toe centerpiece, magazines and hardcover books. The 26th-floor view was amazing through the floor-to-ceiling window -- we could see snow-covered mountains in the distance. We had all the amenities: a huge LCD TV with remote and several cable channels, a mini-fridge, a coffee machine, two bathrobes, an iron, extra sheets, complimentary water bottles, newspapers delivered to our door, etc. The bathroom was a world unto itself: a huge glass partitioned shower with overhead shower head, another huge glass partitioned room with the toilet, a large spa bathtub, bright lighting (but not too bright), a cosmetic/vanity mirror, plenty of thick towels and soaps, a blowdryer, shampoo and conditioner, a plasma TV built into the mirror, dual sinks, etc. The doorman was even able to arrange for their courtesy shuttle to run us across the street to the Wynn. There were only a few CONS: some trash in the stairwell, a room service cart was left in the hallway for 1.5 days, no blanket could be found for the pull-out bed, and room service took ~30 minutes to deliver a &quot;Trump&quot; burger (albeit 3:30 AM) and &quot;dental kit&quot; (aka small toothbrush and toothpaste).Overall, excellent amenities and top-notch service!	
May 4 2009 	Nice place to stay in Las Vegas	My wife and I have been to Las Vegas more than a dozen times and stayed in a number of hotels. This time around, we used Hot Wire to select our hotel and ended up staying at Trump Tower. After reading all the reviews on this site we were concerned that we had chosen poorly, but our stay there turned out pretty well.There were lots of positives. The rooms were very nice and very clean. Service was above average, particularly at the pool. We really liked the pool area and spent a quite a bit of time there. We chose a low floor nearest the strip and it was nice and quiet. Security was good with staff always in the lobby watching over everything. Elevators were plentiful and we never waited more than 10 seconds for one. For those into shopping, Fashion Square mall is right across the street.The ONLY negative was that the hotel is a long two blocks from the strip. I personally found the walk great, but my wife would have liked to be closer to the strip. And of course there's no casino in the hotel; a plus for us but maybe not for everyone.All in all, a great stay.	
Apr 26 2009 	We loved this hotel!	We booked this hotel on hotwire, so all we knew was that we were staying at a 5 star hotel on the central strip for about $150 so we took a chance. We were very pleased with the hotel. The lobby is gorgeous, the whole place smells wonderful (they must pump something through the vents). The room was bright and comfortable. The bathroom was very nice, all the shampoo and such was top notch. We asked to be in a room &quot;away from the train noise&quot; because of reviews we had read and we never heard trains. We ate breakfast at the restaurant and it was very simple and small, but very good.We don't smoke or gamble, so we didn't miss not having to walk through a casino. The proximity to the mall is nice, but if you're going anywhere else take a cab because it is very far to walk. The pool loungers were wonderful.	
Apr 26 2009 	Know before you go. I did and I enjoyed my stay	I used Priceline to book a 5-star hotel, and that's how I found the Trump. I appreciate the many reviews on TripAdvisor for this hotel. When I arrived, I knew what to expect.Yes, they charge a hidden $15/night &quot;resort fee&quot;, and no, I didn't like it any more than the other reviewers here. Since there's not that much of a resort here (a very nice pool and workout facility, but that's it), I found the fee hard to justify. But even with the fee, I paid so little for this room that I still came out way ahead.Unlike some other reviewers here, I had no problems whatsoever with the service. The valet parking attendants were very prompt in getting my car parked and delivered. The bellman took extra time to point out the best running routes around the hotel, on and off the Strip.My regular guest room was oversized and very elegant. It was a joy to come home to this room after a long and busy day. It felt like I was coming home to a very nice house.I've been to Las Vegas 15 times, all for business. I've stayed in other 5-star hotels and some that weren't as nice. I'll be glad to stay at the Trump again, if I can get a deal like the one I got this time.	
Apr 25 2009 	Thieves	Trump stole my money !!!!!!I prepaid for the room before I arrived. They froze out 300 dollars for the typical Hotel room insurance. When I checked out, the room was left in perfect condition. They billed me for 93 dollars and anounced that the remaining dollars previously held were credited back to my account. I waited for 30 days and it was never credited back to my travel Card. Daniel, the front desk manger, said that he did but he lied to us. This is awful in these tight economic times.	
Apr 24 2009 	Not 5 stars but not too shabby. Too far away from the rest of the Strip	I thought I'd try a LV hotel I hadn't tried before. I received a good deal on the Trump through Priceline. The rooms are quite nice--I was in a studio suite. The bathroom was one of the nicest I've seen in a hotel. There's not too much to choose from at the hotel as far as food goes and there is no casino so if you want action, it's a good 10-15 minute walk away. The pool area is nice but seems a bit small. I enjoyed my stay but don't think it's worth paying full price for. One side of the hotel faces a freeway so that can be a little noisy. Yes there is that $15/day resort fee and Internet access is $11.99/day but the WiFi works incredibly well.	
Apr 24 2009 	Wow this place was GREAT!	I pricelined my room and got a great deal. I was a little worried becuase of so-so reviews on here, but it way exceded my expectations.The room was AMAZING!Giant jacuzzi bath tub in an all marble huge bathroom, a tv in the mirror, huge shower. (only down side was not so great water pressure). Full kitchen with top of the line cooking supplies, super comfy bed.Staff was friendly.Pool was nice.Location was great. Near the Wynn and Encore. The only down side is that it's like a block and a half off the strip and they haven't put in a side walk to get you to the strip so you have to walk in traffic but it's well worth it to stay in a hotel this nice for that price.Great place to stay in Vegas!	
Apr 24 2009 	Step off the strip 	We picked this hotel because we were in Vegas for a nephew's wedding. We liked that it had no smoking &amp; no casino. It was recommended by a friend. We were in a one bedroom suite &amp; used it for the bridal party to get ready. The rooms were beautiful and large. My photos came out great. The lobby is so exquisite and tastefully done. Our bed was very comfortable and it has a double door entry to the room, so you don't hear traffic in the hallway. We asked for a fruit &amp; cheese platter to be delivered to the room and it was tasteful as well as a &quot;wow&quot;. Only thing I didn't like was that when I went to get my car, you couldn't call ahead for the valet (only way to park) so you would wait every time. Not a long wait, but still had to wait. Check in/out was easy. Room was packed with everything you could possibly need. Bathroom had TV in the mirror. Nice. Room had two bathrooms which we put to use with so many girls. We had a small living room area with a very comfortable sofa that pulled out as a bed. Furnishings were classy. Kitchen was fully stocked. I would love to stay here again. Also, you had to walk a bit down a not super well lit street off the strip to get back to the hotel. Great location tho. Across the street from Nordstrom at the Fashion Show Mall.	
Apr 23 2009 	Overall very nice but I probably won't be back	Stayed at the Trump 4/10-4/12. Overall my stay was nice. Won my room on priceline for $67a night, and received a free upgrade to the strip view room which was nice! We were basically here with family looking for a relaxing weekend with the kids. We aren’t gamblers so not having a casino was not issue. It was annoying though to pay a $15 resort fee. You get nothing more for this fee, so to me it’s just another way for the hotel to make some extra cash. Also, no self parking and valet parking is slow. They need to offer self parking because the wait time can get ridiculously irritating. While the rooms were very nice, the Wynn and Bellagio are still to me a step above the Trump. The Wynn (in particular) is just more luxurious. I visited the spa and it was VERY nice I must say. We didn’t get any treatments, just relaxed and took advantage of the steam room and sauna. The pool was lovely and relaxing and very top notch. The service throughout our stay was very good. Everyone we encountered was very helpful, so kudos to Trump! Also, loved that the hotel is non smoking.Overall this is a very nice hotel, just know that you’ll have to pay a $15 fee day (even though you get nothing extra), parking can be a bit slow and it’s valet only, and this hotel is not on the strip. Would I stay here again? Probably not. They need to get rid of the resort fee and offer valet parking before we return.	
Apr 23 2009 	Terrible. Never again.	We had problems from the start. For one, we were told we had a free upgrade but when we got there the upgrade was an extra nightly surcharge. The &quot;upgrade&quot; basically included an extra bathroom and a kitchenette. In addition, they charge you a mandatory $15/day fee that includes access to the fitness center (usually included in most hotels), complementary water and coffee in the rooms (also usually included), free 800-number dialing (wow, thanks), and access to the parking garage, among a few other silly things. They charge delivery for room service plus an extra mandatory gratuity (more than 20%) on top of it. And, to top it off, there was no hot water the next morning for showers. When we complained about these things, management basically couldn't have cared less. We told them we were going to write a bad review and they said &quot;fine, do whatever you want.&quot; We checked out after only one night and had a fabulous time the rest of the trip at the Palazzo.	
Apr 21 2009 	Disappointed	We were going to Vegas for our wedding, and having booked on Priceline, we didn't have a choice in which 5 star hotel we got. We were disappointed when we ended up with the Trump, having read some bad reviews on Tripadvisor. But we went with an open mind, and hoped for the best. I can only reiterate what most people are saying, the rooms are gorgeous, the lack of smoke was great....HOWEVER..the service is severely lacking for a 5 star hotel. From check in, to check out, we had bad experiences everywhere. Front desk rudeness, to the bell desk losing a package that was delivered to us, housekeeping leaving wet towels on our floor, to the concierge forgetting to book the shuttle to the airport for us...it was one thing after another. Needless to say, after 5 days here, we were happy to go home. Will not stay again, no matter what the rate.	
Apr 20 2009 	Very Nice Hotel but Bad Location	The hotel was very nice. I loved the room, was huge, with a sitting area, whirpool tub, large bathroom, kitchenette. ... A beautiful hotel. However, it was very noisy. I stayed on the 33rd floor, almost at the top, and could hear ambulances and the train like they were right outside my window. The hotel is a 5 star but the location is a 1.	
Apr 19 2009 	Great value lovely rooms	I can't say enough about how nice the rooms are here. They are like apartments. Full kitchens that include just about everything you could possibly need to cook/entertain. The bathrooms were awesome including the huge jacuzzi tub. This hotel is off the strip just a little ways, but thats what makes it so great. No casino noise, and its100% non smoking which was an added bonus. Pool was great, very laid back atmosphere. The lobby has an understated elegance about it, its not over the top like other Vegas hotels. The only real drawback was having to use the valet service as it tended to take awhile to get our car each time, but other than that, the hotel was an excellent value. Great views from our room, could see all the way down the strip including being able to watch the Bellagio fountains. Would def stay here again. I love the Wynn and try to stay there when I can, but you can stay at the Trump for less than half the cost and take the free shuttle that runs from the front door of the hotel over to the Wynn if you dont want to walk the few blocks.	
Apr 19 2009 	Nice quiet clean and no smoking!	The hotel is very nice. The rooms are very spacious and well-appointed. Make sure you stay on the side of the hotel that looks toward the strip. The rooms on the other side (facing the freeway, which we changed rooms because of) are exposed to loud train whistles all night long. The pool is just okay, but it is very quiet. This hotel has no casino but is in walking distance to Wynn and the other hotels in that area. The entire property is non-smoking, which we really liked.	
Apr 19 2009 	An absolute must!!!	We loved this hotel! The upgraded us to a one bedroom corner view. The rooms are beautiful and the bathroom is huge. We loved the bath tub (fits two perfectly), and it has a window overlooking Vegas. The pool isn't anything special, but it's a pool and it's a couple stories up so you only see the mountains and the top of nearby casinos. The mall is right across the street. It's an easy walk to the strip, and there isn't much back there so the street is never all that busy to cross. At first we were kind of bummed that there wasn't a casino. It is so nice to walk into a smoke free lobby and the elevators are right there, instead of walking through a casino. The staff was great to us. We cant wait to go back!	
Apr 16 2009 	Ideal	This is a non smoking, non gambling five star hotel. The great deal about this place is that it is meant to be the relaxing. The rooms was perfect. The pool is small (for Vegas) but so relaxing and clean. The lobby is impressive. The staff was nice. There are two small negative points : #1 : 15$ resort fee is more like a hidden fee. #2 an I think they are too much understaff to deal with Vegas busiest periods, so expect wait if it is the case. If not, it's not even an issue. Right now the prices are so low, it's not a deal, it's a steal !	
Apr 16 2009 	Would pay more for a bit of service	We just got home from a trip to Las Vegas with our kids. My dad lives there so we visit fairly often. The Trump Hotel rooms really are lovely. We had a one bedroom suite that had all we needed for a family of four. That's really all they have to offer, though. The service was not great. Housekeeping failed to come to our room the first full day there. They stopped by the next morning to ask us when we'd like the room cleaned. We gave them a time and returned to our room in the late afternoon to find they had not come.Since there is no casino, not much choice for restaurants (and when I wanted to eat something at 11 AM, neither was open) and the spa is insanely overpriced, we had to leave the hotel to do anything except go swimming. The pool is nice (but no frills).I left wishing we had stayed at THE Hotel at Mandalay Bay which also offers one bedroom suites. It would have cost us a bit more but I would have left much more satisfied. Better pool, better location, better customer service, more choices for eating, close proximity to a casino with the quiet lobby that's better for kids.	
Apr 15 2009 	Lovely hotel - excellent value	We have just returned from a wonderful 6 night stay at the Trump.We booked via Priceline and we were apprehensive following the mixed reviews we read on Trip advisor.We did not experience any of the problems experienced elsewhere :Resort Charge - We were told on arrival that there would be a $15 per day resort charge to cover water in the room, use of swimming pool etc. We made it clear that we were unhappy about paying this and it was waived without too much resistance!Location - Not ideal but not as bad as some have made out. Can walk the strip in 5-10 minutes either via the Mall or by turning left outside the hotel and walking towards the Encore.Lack of Hot Water - not a problem for us and we were on the 51st floor.Train noise - We heard the train a few times during the course of our stay but it certainly did not interupt our sleep.Service - The staff were friendly and courteous on booking in and checking out. Other than that we had little dealings with them as we did not use the bar or restaurants during our stay.The Room - the best hotel room we have ever stayed in! It was luxurious and spacious with excellent kitchen facilities - although we made little use of these. The bathroom was huge with a jacuzzi bath and separate shower room. The view from the room would be difficult to beat. We were situated at the front of the hotel and had an uninterrupted view down the strip.General comments about the hotel - Luxurious throughout. Very quiet and smoke free - this may not suit everyone but a major positive for us. After the hustle and bustle of the strip hotels and casinos, we were pleased to escape. Excellent pool and gym facilities. Internet access expensive - but this was the case generally in the Las Vegas hotels.Would happily return to this hotel!	
Apr 15 2009 	Pretentious	They have mandatory valet that you have to pay tips for. The bathroom was a little dirty which is one of my biggest pet peeves, but the room was fairly nice. No casino so all other prices are ridiculously high. The hotel itself was ok nothing to write home about. There wasn't a tiny gift shop to buy things like tylenol or shampoo. It is across the street from the fashion mall in the back. We were supposed to stay two nights but decided to go elsewhere after being there for an hour. When we checked out we where so happy to get out of there that we didn't notice that they had over charged us for the nights stay. I called on March 6th to complain. I was told that he would &quot;call right back&quot;! I waited until the end of March and was transferred to someone in accounting and got a voice mail so I left a message. I had to call again the first of April and left another message. I had to call yet again and finally asked for a supervisor and had to leave another message. I told them I was going to write to the newspaper in my message. Boy she couldn't call me back quick enough. I got a call back within five minutes. It took them ten minutes to fix the problem and charge back my card. What an ordeal! This is only have the story. Just be aware that they &quot;secure&quot; your card $200 per person per night. So if there are three of you and you are staying two nights it will cost you a security of $1200. They don't say that anywhere on their website and were a little shocked to find this out when arriving. When we didn't have the full amount on our card and it was declined they sent the manager out to embarrass us saying pretty loudly &quot;You don't have the money to stay here&quot;? The staff was young and ill trained. We definitely will never stay at &quot;The Donald&quot; again.	
Apr 14 2009 	Very nice hotel	My husband and I just returned from a stay at the Trump. We got an excellent deal on Hotels.com so I was a little worried. The room was fantastic. It looks exactly like the web site. Service was flawless. Some other reviewers have complained that it is not on the strip and does not have a casino. Both are true. It was so nice coming back to a quiet, non smoke filled hotel after a day of playing in Sin City.	
Apr 14 2009 	Beautiful establishment lacking major frills to be 5 star!	My husband and I stayed at Trump in April...While I was happy to upgrade mid trip to the casino-less Trump, I was dissappointed by the lack of ambiance and distiction I was expecting from the property. I am big on customer service and already was miffed by the &quot;mandatory&quot; resort fee...like other reviewers I felt that if its mandatory then why not just add it to the price of the hotel room daily rate? But more than that the fee didn't cover anything other than free shoe shine and two mini bottles of water a day and parking (which is free EVERYHERE on the strip)....not incld were internet access, wifi, business center usuage etc. GO FIGURE. I found that ridiculous....also RIDICULOUS were the room service prices (eggs, 2 sausage links, toast and hashbrowns were 26 dollars + 18% grat + room service fee + tax)The building which puts you in the mind of a park avenue condo building, also lacked the charm of having a staff that made you feel warm and welcomed like you were arriving to yur home destination every time you walked in the door... they were drab, impersonal and made you feel like you were bothering them by askign a question.The security features of this hotel are fantastic however. I appreciated the security camped out front of the elevators that checked for room keys...I appreciated the seperated area where you could answer the door without giving access to your room. I appreciated the inability to get your car without verification of ownership.what I didnt like was that you cannot call down for your car, the hotel lobby while casion-less is devoid of ANY activity, it was so dead, there was not light music being played, there was no activity at the down stairs bar/lounge area where one would typically come in a potentially be enticed to have a glass of wine and relax and chat with guests before retring to your room. There was nothing....the place was so BLAH.The rooms however were SPECTACULAR. Very spacious, very comfy, very modern (the tv in the bathroom mirror was a treat) marble everywhere etc...what was missing... the freebies that we all coem to expect and enjoy that we find tucked away in our rooms....although the lender ROBE made up for it a bit...that robe was worth the $125 it cost to take it home!!!! Unfortunately the housekeeping staff was lack luster...they don't show up until after the afternoon??? Also there was a room down the hall where room service trays and garbage were elft out for a day and a half and no one came to pick it up...YUCK...Needless to say I expected much more from a 5 star Trump property...they still have much work to do in my opinion	
Apr 14 2009 	Awesome rooms poor amenities.	We were upgraded to a one-bedroom suite. It was gorgeous, spacious, and cheap ($69 a night on Priceline). A full kitchen, dining area, living room, guest bathroom, master bedroom, and master bath (double shower heads, double sinks, huge Jacuzzi tub). So, we were satisfied with the room.We were on the 44th floor, facing north. We could see the train passing by, and yes, it was loud. It woke both my husband and I, as did police/ambulence sirens 3 times in one night. Though there was no noise at all between rooms/floors.The pool was OK. It was large, 2 hot tubs, really nice lounge furniture, but it was packed. The pool bar has a very limited menu.My biggest problem with the hotel was the lack of restaurants and entertainment. Waking up hung over on a Saturday morning all you want is a cheap, greasy meal like McDonalds (same goes for coming home at 2 am). But there is no fast food anywhere near. In fact, there is one very expensive restaurant and a lobby bar. That's it.It really wasn't that far from the strip. Equivalent to about 3 blocks to the Wynn. Directly across from Fashion Show Mall. I prefer the central strip and a casino however.	
Apr 14 2009 	Wow luxury and value all in one!	We checked in Thursday night around 10pm, there was no line, and the woman at the counter was very polite. I asked for a high floor and a strip view... she said they didn't have anything high, but she could upgrade me to a strip view. She assigned us to the 28th floor. It's pretty high for me, the view was great.The room (actually, the whole hotel) was beautiful. The room is huge, large wardrobes in the room, lots of drawer space, and a kitchenette with sink, fridge, microwave, stove, toaster, blender... and lots of kitchen tools. Every room has a jetted tub.Each pair of rooms shares an entryway, which is a little weird, but keeps the maid carts out of the hallways and adds to the luxurious feel of the hotel as a whole. There is a second (locked) door that leads to your room from the entryway.Train tracks travel N-&gt;S through Vegas, and pass every hotel on the west side of the Strip. This includes Treasure Island, Mirage, Caesar's ... even Bellagio. When there are train tracks next to your hotel, you can hear the train whistle -- this is not rocket science. Some reviewers here want to make it sound like a freight train is passing down the 28th floor hallway, and it's not like that at all. However, at night, with the TV off, you can certainly hear it. It didn't wake me up, but if you're used to the rustling of corn ears in Iowa, it might be a little loud for you.The walk to the strip is about 1/4 mile. The road is under construction at points, and there is not always sidewalk -- at one point you have to cross the street to pick up the sidewalk again. It is about 5 minutes from the hotel to the strip. Through the mall actually seemed longer, but distance-wise I can't swear to it. I have always stayed at one of the mega-hotels in the past, and walked my legs off to get from one point to the next, and Trump was no different in that respect.The $15 resort fee is a scam, but it is very popular these days. You cannot call ahead to have valet bring down your car, you have to go down in person. The two free bottles of water each day is a nice touch -- they are the perfect size to slip in your bag or jacket pocket before heading out for the day.Overall, I thought the hotel was a great value for the money we spent, and we'd stay there again, for sure. It is one of the nicest, most well-appointed hotels we've stayed at.	
Apr 13 2009 	Quiet Peaceful and Clean	This hotel is very peaceful. Mainly because it is off the strip. Just across the street from the mall in case you forgot any important items. Walgreens is also w/in walking distance. Quite a walk from most hotels aside from the Wynn/Encore. You have to take cabs EVERYWHERE from this hotel. Staff was very helpful. A maid came up to clean our bathtub @ 3am and was very pleasant. I only saw about 10 other guests the whole time, but it might be because of the time of year we went. There is also a complimentary Escalade truck that will drive you around. It was overall a good experience. Aside from the bathroom not being spotless when we arived, and it being VERY quite, it was a wonderful experience.	
Apr 10 2009 	Nice rooms; very poor service	The Trump seems like a good idea-- very low rates ($85 gets you a room and an upgrade to a 1 bedroom suite) and the rooms are very nicely put together. The problem is that the upside ends there. The location is not good at all. To get to the strip, you need to either walk through the Fashion Show Mall, or on Fashion Show Blvd., which has no sidewalks because it's a construction site. There isn't nearly enough staff to run the place properly-- nobody to hail you a cab at the curb, nobody to open the doors when you enter, nobody to help you with your bags, and so forth. Any request from room service or housekeeping took more than an hour to fulfill, without fail. Very disappointed. I was definitely left with the impression that I didn't get a deal-- I got what I paid for.	
Apr 9 2009 	Upgraded room was wonderful bonus!	We had a one-night stay at the Trump on April 4. We checked in around 8:00 pm and mentioned to the receptionist that it was our dad's first trip to Vegas. He upgraded our room to a one-bedroom premium suite overlooking the strip. We paid $100 a night for the room on Priceline. The room was listed on the hotel website for $350. What a deal!The room was gorgeous....the king size bed was extremely comfortable and the bathroom (with walk-in shower -- two shower heads!) was bigger than our one-car garage back home. We loved the TV built into the mirror in the bathroom! Very comfortable living room area with dining room table and kitchenette. We had to call for linens for the sofa bed. After one half hour, they did not arrive, so we placed a second call to the front desk and we had our linens within 10 minutes. We took advantage of the well-appointed gym but it was a bit too cold for swimming in the Olympic style pool. We loved the fact that there is no casino at the hotel....this was a huge plus! It made the hotel seem so much more classy and comfortable.$15 resort fee includes valet parking.	
Apr 8 2009 	Luxurious getaway smoke-free Vegas	Two girlfriends and I planned a weekend to Vegas, and I booked a studio suite at the Trump using Priceline for $88/night (plus tax and resort fees). I had read all the reviews on Trip Advisor before, so I called the hotel the night before our arrival to confirm our reservation and to request a room away from the train. The woman on the phone was delightful and happily agreed to accommodate my request.Check-in on Friday was a breeze--the front desk was fully staffed and we were waiting less than 5 minutes. The young man that checked us in was very friendly and when I asked him to confirm we were in a room far from the train, he said that he'd moved us to a better room and the train noise should be minimal. We were on the 50th floor with a view of the Stratosphere, and when we saw our room we were delighted that we had been upgraded to a 1 bedroom suite! The room was beautifully appointed, with 2 full bathrooms and a separate master bedroom. The master bathroom was absolutely huge!We enjoyed massages at the Trump spa, which were wonderful. The spa itself was smaller than expected, but nice. We asked for discounts on the massages and received $50 off coupons (the massages are $150 each for 60 minutes, so that saved a chunk). We did not use the gym or the pool, though the resort fee included use of both.Since we were a group of 3, two of us slept in the king size bed in the master bedroom and the third slept on the pull-out sofa. Housekeeping came and made up the pull out bed for us (upon request). The &quot;real&quot; bed was quite comfortable; my friend on the pull-out said it was just &quot;okay.&quot; The first night, the train woke up my friend who is a very light sleeper. I had earplugs in, so I didn't hear it at all. The second night, the train woke up both the light sleeper and me (even with my earplugs), but we fell back to sleep shortly thereafter. We were on the 50th floor (there are 52 floors total), so just plan on hearing the train, especially if you are on a lower floor.We didn't hear any of our neighbors at all; in fact, we never saw anyone else on the 50th floor all weekend.Housekeeping came once daily; we left our room by around 10am each day and by the time we'd return (around 3 or 4pm), the room was made up. The housekeeping staff did a great job, too. We really liked the idea of pushing a button to indicate the room was ready to be made up or to not be disturbed instead of hanging a sign on the door like every other hotel out there.We knew about the resort fee, and given the deal I got on Priceline, I really didn't mind paying $15/day. They noted that it included use of the gym, pool, and in-room stocking of coffee/water, and some other things I can't remember.On Friday night, there was a great lounge singer in the lobby by the bar and we enjoyed listening to him while drinking raspberry lemon drop martinis (very good). The wait staff and bartenders were really friendly and came over to chat with us.As for getting to The Strip, you have a couple options. There are always cabs waiting in front of the hotel, so you can take a cab. If you want to walk, the fashion mall is directly across from the hotel entrance, however, there is no pedestrian crosswalk, and you must cross with care (there is a surprising number of cars that drive fast past the hotel, so watch out). If you walk through the mall, it can take awhile as it is a little confusing inside, so I'd give myself 15 or 20 minutes to find The Strip. Note that the mall closes at 9pm, so it's not a late-night option. If you decide to just walk down Fashion Show Drive straight from the hotel to The Strip, it takes about 5 minutes (not 20 minutes as some reviewers have said, unless they are really slow walkers). Also, there is not an erotic museum between the hotel and the strip, despite what you may have read in other reviews on here, and there aren't crazy people lingering along the walkway, so I wouldn't call it &quot;dangerous.&quot; It is important to note that the sidewalk on the side of the hotel is not continuous, and as you get closer to the strip, you will have to walk on the side of the road, which is a little scary if the drivers aren't paying attention. In my opinion, it would behoove the hotel to finish paving the sidewalk all the way to Las Vegas Blvd. for the safety of its guests.If you don't want to walk or pay for a cab, the hotel offers a free shuttle to the Wynn between 4pm and midnight on Friday and Saturday nights. We didn't take advantage of it, but the doorman offered every time we walked out!On Saturday night, we walked down to The Mirage to see &quot;LOVE&quot; and it took us 30 minutes total, door to door. We are all in pretty good shape, but I don't think we were walking exceedingly fast (we were in heels!), so hopefully that gives you an idea of how far the Trump is from other hotels.All in all, the Trump is my new favorite hotel in Vegas. It was nice not to have my hair smelling like smoke all weekend, I didn't miss the &quot;ding-ding-ding-ing&quot; of slot machines in the lobby, and the staff went out of their way to make us happy. If the weather had been nicer, I would have loved to take advantage of the pool as it looked really relaxing. It was a great weekend and I will definitely stay there again.	
Apr 8 2009 	Simply good	The best hotel we stayed during our vacation in US in Mar. Simply love the room, everything was clean and new, love the kitchen .. good that I still need to prepare semi-solid food for my 10 mth. Love the tub, fit the 3 of us with till plenty of space. My son could swim in it, he get excited seeing the water filled up and the jet water. Location is quite ok to me, we love to walk, just cut across Fashion Mall and across the road you are at Wynn. The strip is very long anyway, we walked Wynn and Paris side first and walked back on Bellagio side ... we started after lunch around 1pm and return to Trump by 6pm. Could do the southest strip, Luxor, New York New York area, we just go back to hotel and do a drive along the strip for the night scene. Oh the hooting train, it was ok for us, is not that loud as some has mentioned. We stayed on the 52 floor, north view.. really regret it should have paid more for the strip view, I think is worth it.	
Apr 7 2009 	Could not ask for anything more!	So this was another one of my late night hotwire bargain finds. Usually I am leary about what looks too good to be true...but I pressed the &quot;I agree&quot; button anyway. I am SOOOO glad I did. Just like you would expect from anything that carries the trump name on it...not one detail went unoticed. Everything is magnificent. Check in was a breeze. A long line...but that is to be expected in any hotel in Vegas. We got to our room and it was everything the web site said it was and then some. I do not usually go to Las Vegas for an amazing hotel room...I use it more or less as a closet...but after a long day in the casino's and walking around...you come back to a bathroom to be rivaled by any hotel and the most comfortable bed in the world. Here I am in Las Vegas and I almost didnt want to leave the room.The staff was simply amazing. Housekeeping, guest services, bellman...the guy who was cleaning the elevator...every one of them asked how we were doing and were EXTREMELY friendly. Genuine. My only complaint was there was no casino in the hotel but in the end that proabably did more good than bad.The location is a little off the strip but a quick 3 or 4 minute walk and you are on the strip...if its during mall hours...you can cross the street and go from the mall to the strip.It was a super enjoyable stay. Worth every penny weather you book through them or on another website. I know it is my new top choice of places to stay when I am in town!!	
Apr 5 2009 	Wonderful Experience	For $89 per night plus $15 per night resort fee one still can't beat the luxury anywhere in Vegas for the price. Rooms were elegant beyond expectations wih a full kitchenette, a jacuzzi tub, and a room half again the size of any other in Vegas.. It was one block east of the strip and it was not a smoky casino downstairs. The Fashion Show mall is across the street south. It does not open until 10:00 so you are a captive to the hotel for Breakfast. You can have a buffet breakfast which is delicious but very expensive $62 with tax and tip) or you can but something ahead of time somewhere else and store in your kitchenette.The restraunt does serve excellent food and we splurged for breakfast and ate smaller meals during the day. I look for elegance and value and this hotel gave the best of both.The bed was really great for this 60 year old body. Try it, you'll like it!	
Apr 5 2009 	Gambling-free new hotel close to fashion mall	This is a new hotel with nice decoration, a non-gambling oasis in Las Vegas. The rooms are large, clean and with necessary facilities. The view to the city is also suberb. The pool area is also nice ans the pool sizable. Fittness center is good but spa very expensive. The service is available but a bit cold atmosphere prevails. The near-by road is not so nice to walk, safe but in the middle of construction ground. Starbucks is 5 mins away in the fashion mall. Trins regularly pass the area by night and make a bit noise, noise may come also from neighbours slamming doors.	
Apr 4 2009 	Incredible Rooms - Great Place to Relax	Trump was a great place to stay. We paid $89/night for a Studio and were upgraded to a one-bedroom. I've stayed at 4 places over the years. MGM, Mandalay Bay, The Luxor and Trump. Trump was the best of those 4, by far. It's got a nice pool and isnt very loud. The only downside is that we couldnt get a signal for wireless internet or our cell phones which was a drag. Other than that issue, it was a really nice room with a really nice pool. So, if you are not a big casino and are willing to spend the $15 for Internet it is well worth it over the 3 aforementioned hotels.	
Apr 4 2009 	Clean and spacious one or two suggestions...	I stayed at Trump with a friend for three nights. I was very pleased with the cleanliness and attention to detail of the room and bathroom. We used the sofa bed and a maid came and took care of all those details for us. She was very helpful as was the front desk in arranging airport transportation for us. The bathroom was giant, and had a great whirlpool tub which I used the last morning while I watched the t.v. that was inlaid in the mirror. If you want to stay right in the action, choose another hotel. Trump is a 5 minute walk to Wynn (not bad at all) and the Fashion Show mall is literally right across the street (30 seconds from front of Trump). But as far as Strip action, and access to a lot of casinos, it's going to be a 10 minute walk as the hotel has no gaming in it. This is not a bad thing. I actually enjoyed the quiet elegance upon returning after a night out gambling. We were on the 56th of 64 floors. If you don't like heights, or helicopters and airplanes flying by your window, get a lower floor. Overall the hotel was definitely 5 star, and I would stay there again.	
Apr 4 2009 	Loved the jacuzzi!	Very nice hotel. Would definitely come back if the price is good. Stayed here for a conference nearby. No casino and there is a security guy filtering out people who are not staying there at times. Full kitchen - pity had no time to use. This is a bit out of the way if you want the location to be central strip. Bad thing is the $15 resort fee. :-(	
Apr 3 2009 	I was floored by the beauty of this place-affordable price	My boyfriend and I had a layover in Vegas and decided to stay the night. We checked through Expedia and found a room at Trump for 89.00. We couldn't believe it considering it is a 5 star hotel and it was gorgeous! We were on the 27th floor, HUGE tub and walk in shower, tv in the bathroom mirror, plush robes, you name it. Because our luggage travelled ahead of us and we didnt't have toiletries, we asked the front desk to send us razors, toothbrushes, etc which the did promptly. It is just off the strip, but close enough to walk to (behind Treasure Island)	
Apr 3 2009 	Great Experience! Service was Outstanding in Every Department!	I booked thru Priceline for March 27-29, hoping to get any other 5 Star Resort so I was disappointed to get Trump. It turned out to be perfect. We arrived early after driving in from Murrieta, CA. You exit Spring Mountain. Stay in the left lane of the off-ramp. After valeting, we waited in a short line to check in. I asked to be away from the train and have a pool view. She put us in unit 5728, on the 57th floor with a direct view high above the city with a perfect strip view. Amazingly, we could hear the train during the day, but never noticed it at night. We were able to see the Bellagio water show. Before the wife and I had a chance to finish bringing in our belongings, the kids were so excited about the jucuzzi tub. Be warned, just add alot less shampoo than you normally would for a bubble bath. With the jets on, it made a mountain of bubbles and the kids could hide in it. The unit was top-notch. The maid service was perfect. Everything was replenished, dishes washed, even the sofa bed was made up for us. Put the minifridge on the coldest level and your drinks will get cold fast and freeze. The pool area wasn't impressive, just functional. It was heated though and the kids still had alot of fun. Service there was also very nice. A life guard grabbed us towels and escorted us to a large, padded lounger that could fit several people. When the pool closed, they allowed us to keep the kids wrapped up in the pool towels up to the room instead of having to return the towels at the pool and have the kids go up cold. The kids ages are 6, 4 and almost 2. The hotel is non-smoking and we really appreciated breathing clean air. By the way, the lobby area smells great. Sounds weird, but you notice it. Walk into some Vegas hotels and you think you're gonna leave with lung cancer. About the walk to the strip. Are you kidding? Its 5 minutes max. Think about this. Stay at any of the mega resorts, and its a hike to the elavator from your room, then thru the casino before you get to the strip. Its probably about the same time. Most of us are gluttons while in Vegas and could use the walk to burn a few calories anyway. The location is great because you have the convenience of the mall across the street and 5 star resorts like Encore, Wynn, Palazzo, and Venetian very close by. Check-out was smooth, no hidden fees, just the expected resort fee. The valet wait wasn't long at all and we checked out on a Sunday. My brothers were at the Encore, checked out on a Monday, and waited for a half hour for their vehicle. After driving away, we realized we left some clothes hanging in the closet. We called the Trump, turned around, and the maid had already prepared it for security to bring down to us. It was truly a perfect overall experience. For Hotwire users, Hotwire has a separate 5 star condo central strip category and 5 star hotel category. The Trump is the 5 star condo. That may change when City Center and other projects finish. We'll be back, the value is great and the service even greater.	
Apr 2 2009 	Great Rooms nothing else	- Very Nice and Spacious Studio Rooms- Modern Design and Comfortable- Comfortable Bed- Wonderful Big Bathroom- Nice Lobby- Good Breakfast, but not much selection- Bad, Slow Service at the Reception- Poor Location, Far walk to the strip. Around 20 minsGood stay, but I had a much more enjoyable stay at the Encore.	
Apr 1 2009 	Relaxing Las Vegas Luxury	What a gem! We spent 4 days at the Trump and enjoyed every second! Who knew you could stay in Las Vegas without breathing second-hand smoke!?!?! And in the lap of luxury, at that. From the cordial, friendly and professional front desk staff, to the excellent room-service meals, to the relaxing and quiet pool, to the cozy bar . . . everything was perfect. We can't wait to return. This defnitely is a hotel for people who want to relax in upscale, quiet, understated luxury--with friendly customer service; not a false pretension in site. Be prepared for long walks to the strip, as we did for our daily exercise, or use the local taxis. On Friday and Saturay, we noticed a shuttle to the Wynn; we'll try it next time, as the Wynn restaurant &amp; bar were highly recommended. We have already reocmmended the Las Vegas Trump to everyone we know; and we'll definitely return.	
Apr 1 2009 	Fantastic Stay	My giest and I were upgraded from a studio to a 1 bedroom suite at check in. Our room had an amazing view, and the hotel possessed every amenity one could think. Hands down, I would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 30 2009 	Great Hotel...Great Value!	We stayed at the Trump for one night in Vegas. We booked via Priceline.com, we bid $97 plus taxes/fees, the total was $111.43. The hotel rooms are fabulous! Let's start with the bathroom...very big! The mirror had a TV built in...first time I seen that. The bathtub was big enough for two people and the shower could easily hold 4 people!Bedroom/Sitting Room...the room was basically a studio with a nice LCD TV, King Bed with a Sofa pullout. There was also a kitchenette with a mini SubZero fridge, electric flat stove top, microwave and all the mini kitchen appliances and tools.The pool was very nice, kids enjoyed it.Finally, there is no casino in the hotel. Loved that...no smoke!	
Mar 29 2009 	The "Donald" outdid himself	I just returned from a 4 day stay at the Trump International. For a &quot;standard&quot; room it was excellent. It was actually a studio with a stove, micro etc. The cost was only 89.00 but they did slip in a 15.00 resort fee! The room was very sizeable and the batroom was great. It is right off the strip up by the Wynn so it is very convenient. If I returned with my wife I would definetely stay there again. She would love it. If attending a convention I would probably stay closer to the convention center and pick a hotel that has a casino. Just a personal thing!	
Mar 29 2009 	things that you should know	Four of us have just come back from one weeks holiday in this hotel, firstly we had a fantastic stay but we would like to let future travellers have the benefits of our stay.When you arrive at the airport you can catch a Hotel shuttle bus for 7$ each that drops off at all hotels. the strip is right next to the airport but the strip is very busy and it took about 35 minutes to get to our hotel.The Hotel is a little bit out but by no means to far, one main benefit was that it was quiet because there is no casino in the hotel.when we checked in they swiped our Visa and told us there was a $200 deposit which could be charged for any damage to the hotel property, also there was a daily $15 + tax resort charge, we asked what this was for and we were told it covered things like car parking, use of the Gym and swimming pool and incidentals used in the room, we said we were not happy to pay this charge but were told it was compulsary.The rooms was beautiful, very large and had everything we needed. you can even cook in the room if you want.being English we wanted some Tea, which was not in the room, when we rang Housekeeping we were told we would have to pay for the Tea bags and $5 for them to be sent to the room.we had several minor problems in the room but when we reported them they sent someone up quickly to put them right.All the staff were VERY friendly and could not do enough for us.Drinks are very expensive wherever you go in Vegas and vertually everywhere you go if you want to sit at a table and just have a drink you are told you have to sit at the bar unless you are having food, we though this was strange as there were many empty tables.when we came to check out we told the receptionist about our various problems and that we did not think we should pay the $15 a day resort charge, he had a word with the Manager and the charges were dropped.On the Strip going towards Downtown there were two great places for Breakfast, Peppermill which was the dearest and Denys they were exellent and you were seated quickly.We all had a fantastic stay, one week was not long enough for us, we never stopped but did not see everything.We caught a Taxi back to the airport, the driver was really friendly, the Taxi bill was $15 we were so pleased we gave him $20.When you read up before you go you get the impression you have to constantly give Tips, this is not true, we gave tips when we thought they had been earned.We cannot wait to go to Vegas again.	
Mar 28 2009 	Luxury Lovers Indulged -- Pedestrians Beware	My husband and I booked a 2 night stay at the Trump on March 21 &amp; 22. We got a great deal off of Orbitz, which included a free room upgrade to a view of the strip, and a $50 hotel credit which you can use at the restaurants, spa, or shops. We used our hotel credit for the fabulous breakfast buffet, which we loved, but it used up all of the credit easily! The Trump is not much from the outside, and the lobby is lovely and glitzy, but nothing special. However, the service was great... free valet parking, fast check in, and friendly concierge and bell staff. Our room was the real standout!! We had a great view of the strip, the most comfortable beds you can imagine, a giant tub, a kitchenette, a TV in the bathroom mirror... I could go on and on!!! This room was one of the best I have ever stayed in -- including much more expensive hotels! We were totally spoiled! The only bad thing about the Trump is the location. My husband and I like to walk the strip in Vegas, but the the Trump is about 2 blocks off the strip and there are no sidewalks on those roads. Plus, at night, there is no lighting whatsoever. Very spooky. As other reviewers have pointed out, you can walk through the mall to get to the strip. This is not any closer, just safer walking. When the mall is not open, you just have to walk on the unsafe, scary streets. We ended up taking cabs at night, which actually worked out well because it was really windy that weekend and I didn't want to get the windblown look! Our taxis ranged from 7 to 12 dollars. Overall, I would stay in the Trump again in a heartbeat! The room was amazing and I am still missing those comfy beds!	
Mar 26 2009 	Not a Five Star...but good value on Hotwire	I got this hotel off of Hotwire when I had to go to Las Vegas last second. The price on hotwire was great ($100 a night) and it was a good value because of that, but by no means is this a five star hotel. Valet service took forever. It was a strange check in, just not the feel of a nice hotel that knows what is going on. We had all of our confirmation papers from Hotwire, but they could not find my reservation. It took about ten minutes, which was fine, but they acted like it was my fault. Their rooms were really nice when you walked in, but there were a lot of little things that were broken (marks against the wall, broken handle to the bathroom, stains in the rug). I was just in Vegas on a quick business trip, but I would not have like this hotel if I was on vacation. There was not an option to park your car other than valet, which you were charged for, there was a hotel/destination fee that was not included in the rate (which did not include use of internet or gym) and you had to pay to get into the pool...which I have not heard of before. Anyway, I would stay here again for the same rate, but would not pay rack rate for this hotel as a &quot;5 star&quot; property	
Mar 25 2009 	Exquisite Hotel - 1st Class!	Trump International Hotel is out of this world. We have stayed in some nice hotels, but this is probably the pick of them. Trump International is located off the strip, but travellers should not be deterred by this. If you cross the road at the front of the hotel, you can walk through Nordstrom in the mall facing and be on the strip in 5 minutes.If you are travelling from England and are unsure whether to stay here, then this is my suggestion. Stay if you want a smoke free environment and no casino - this is purely a 5 star hotel with no gambling facilities - if you want to gamble - this is LAS VEGAS - Casinos are everywhere! You will have a modern kitchenette in your room for cooking. If you enjoy the environment of a top class hotel, this is for you. Each room has a jacuzzi bath and TV installed into the bathroom mirror. Views from the higher floors are out of this world.If you want to be on the strip with a casino on the ground floor with people getting hammered 24/7 and the bustle of the gambling arena, then go for a lesser hotel on the strip. It may suit you more. Also, Trump charges a compulsory hidden $15 per night ameneities fee which bumps up your price which gives you access to the pool and spa...but when the sun is out, you tend to feel it as the sun reflects off the tower to the pool area. Also, you may read bad reviews on valet parking. It takes about 3-5 minutes for them to bring up your car. We are holidaying, why does it matter! It is not a problem. Like most strip hotels, the services offered in the hotel are expensive, but it is Vegas living after all.Overall, great friendly staff and a top class hotel which should be experienced.Our thoughts are that Donald Trump is a business man at his best. Looks like hotels will be built nearby and this hotel will continue to thrive over the next few years as more construction takes place in Vegas and will become amongst the hotspots of the area.	
Mar 24 2009 	Low point of trip	It is by no means 5 stars. Sure it's one of the cheapest hotels for a 5 star hotel but I guarantee the service at the 4 star hotels would surpass this one by a long shot. First of all valet service took a lot of time even during early afternoon, we had to wait at least 15 minutes for our car. We could not even call down for our car earlier thus more wasted time. I asked for connecting rooms 2 months before my reservation, they said that would accomodate me and our 2 rooms ended up being on completely different floors. Our neighbors were loud college frat boys that had some keg party in their room. Seeing that it was past midnight and I had been stuck in traffic for six hours, I politely asked for a change in rooms which was not accomodated. They said I could make a noise complaint and that was it. I did order room service which was overpriced and I was given the wrong item. The server than proceeded to bring back the actual item that I ordered and expected a tip! HA. Laughable. The location was not too bad since it wasn't that far of a walk to the Wynn which is a much better hotel. My advice splurge for the Bellagio or the Wynn or even stay at the MGM grand. The stay will be much better there.	
Mar 22 2009 	Not worthy of 5 stars	This is not a five star hotel and not worthy to belong to the leading hotels of the world group.The materials used in the hotel are expensive and it's clear that there is invested a lot ofmoney in the hotel, but the way this hotel is managed makes it not a pleasant experiece. This is not what you expect from a 5-star hotel.Some notes:- The ventilation system does not work very well, because of this you hear a lot of noisefrom outside, for example a lot of cars from the freeway closeby, a train every hour and - I noticed a lot of things being broken: doors that do not close properly, handles that are loose, a toiletseat that is not fixed which caused me to nearly fall off the toilet, a broken lamp, broken tv in the bathroom, broken checkout computer-system, .. In a real 5-star hotel most of these would have been fixed.- The staff was not what you expect from a 5-star hotel. The bell-boy just dumps your bags right after the door, the concierge does not really help out and when we walked to our hotel-room we needed to show our hotel-key to a doorman that looked like a bouncer from a nightclub. The inside of the closet was really dirty and somebody just walked into the room at 9pm when the do not disturb light was on.You have to pay extra for everything you use. You have to pay a mandatory $15,- resort fee for things like water and newspaper, but that does not included internet (an extra charge) or use of pool (also an extra charge) or overnight parking (I believe a $15,- charge per night which is very expensive for vegas).We also stayed in at the Signature at MGM. They really look the same. Same size room, the same ammendities. But what a difference: the Signature is a pleasure to stay at. Trump although it looks great gives you an unpleasent feel.	
Mar 21 2009 	Nice but a little disappointing	We Arrived at the Trump Hotel in a rental car and were informed that there isn't any self parking and that it is all valet. I loved this but my husband would have preferred to park the car himself. I was surprised they didn't have any doormen which would have been helpful when carrying in packages from shopping. The rooms are very large and very comfortable. We loved the bathroom with a huge jacuzzi tub and many drawers to store all of our things. The main room also had a lot of space for our things and a very well done little kitchen with a sub zero mini fridge. The best part of the hotel was the room. It is a ways off the strip but if you don't mind walking it isn't a big deal. The other surprising fact was that there wasn't a casino at the hotel. In retrospect I'm glad but at the time it would have been fun to just go downstairs to gamble instead of having to cab it, drive or walk to a casino. I was expected to be a little more awed by the hotel so in that respect I was a little let down. All in all a great place for business travels and people looking for a less opulent and more refined place to stay.	
Mar 21 2009 	Nice stay off the strip	Let me start off by saying that I'm NOT a gambler. My main purpose for going to Vegas was to have a fun and relaxing weekend away. I just wanted to lounge by the pool, go to a fun club/lounge, and maybe see a show. With that said, The Trump was perfect for me. I personally liked not having a casino at the bottom of the hotel. I liked having less foot traffic in the lobby, which for me, made it more relaxing coming back from the strip. But, if gambling is your thing, The Trump is only a short walk to casinos. So in short- The lobby and rooms are very nice and clean. The pool was simple but adequate. There are plush lounge chairs with pool side service. The gym and spa (although i didn't use either) seemed sufficient. The Trump is very close to the Wynn (Tryst) and I saw Jersey boys at the Palazzo which was a very close walk. The only con is that if you want to be in the &quot;center of all the action&quot; - Its not on the strip. But for me.... it was perfect for a weekend get-a-way.	
Mar 13 2009 	Nice try but no 5 stars!	The hotel is polished and snazzy. However, it leaves A LOT to to be desired. Upon arrival, no bellhop greeted me or offered to help with bags. After check-in, I noticed that the previous guest had left her nightie hanging in my bathroom! The maid had completely overlooked it! Then, I went to use the small spa, which has no hot tub. After 20 minutes in the steam room, I was heated up and ready for a hot shower. Problem was, there was no hot water! The burners were down. I was told this has happened several times before. I caught a bad chill during the 15 minutes that I was standing in the 65 degree locker room trying each and every shower. No apology from the mindless female attendant and no manager on duty! Even though I was on a high floor, I could still hear the train whistle like it was in my room! Very loud. And each time the guests next to me shut their door, my windows and wall shook! These noises woke me up early each morning. Trump didn't bother sound proofing the windows, so you can hear a car horn 50 floors below! The restaurant is elegant and the service and food are very good, but the prices are very very high and the menu is limited. There is only one dining choice. The pool and fitness center are nice but pretty small by Vegas standards. I tried to reach the V.P. of the property, but the operator refused to put me through! They are instructed not to let guests through to him. I could not believe it! I also heard from several guests and employees that Trump has cut a lot of staff recently. Perhaps that is why the service is so lacking. Overall, it was nowhere near a 5 star experience. 4 star at best and that is pushing it. C'mon Trump! I thought you were known for top-notch properties. What happened?	
Mar 10 2009 	Smokefree 	We were a little concerned by the ordinary reviews that preceded our trip, however from the courteous check-in through to the helpful bellhops &amp; valet parking we found the Trump people really tried to make our stay a relaxing experience. We had no problem asking and getting a strip view high up away from any train noise and the room was everything you would expect from Donald including a fabulous huge spa bath we soaked in every night to sooth our aching muscles from all the walking we were doing, to the wonderfully comfortable king size beds that we had trouble getting out of every morning. The maid service was very good and we got everything we needed without having to ask. Overall we were very happy with our stay and would have no hesitation staying there again.	
Mar 8 2009 	This is a Five Star Hotel??	My husband and I recently stayed at the Trump during a business trip to Las Vegas. I was disappointed with the location, because to do anything, you must go outside and walk to shopping, dining or a casino. The Trump has one restaurant and a poolside snack bar and has no casino. I am not a wimp about walking, but the location did get annoying as the trip progressed.The rooms were fine, nothing special. The pool area looks similar to one you would find in your local gym with more seating and probably a slightly larger pool.My biggest problem with the Trump was the service. If this is the service one expects in a five star hotel, then I will happily stay at the Red Roof Inn. After being out of my room from 8:00a.m. to 2:30 p.m. I returned to find my room uncleaned and a message waiting for me. Housekeeping said they could not clean my room because the do not disturb button was lit. I explained to them that no button at all was lit because it was broken. They offered to clean my room immediately. I said great, I would go to the gym for an hour. After my time at the gym, I was starving but found the poolside snack bar was closed for a private party. Since I was very hot and sweaty, a trip outside the hotel for food did not seem like a good idea. I decided to take a shower and head out in the world for food. I got back to my room and it was still not cleaned. I called and they started talking about the light again. I explained that it was broken once again and they agreed to clean immediately. After a half hour of waiting, still no housekeeping. I went to the pool to get clean towels and threw my dirty towels into the hallway. After my shower I called housekeeping again. Once again we had the discussion about the light. They brought my towels, picked up the old ones out of the hallway and offered to clean my room. I told them I had to get dressed and dry my hair first.To make a long story a little longer, when my husband and I returned to our room around 10:00 p.m. it had still had not been cleaned. I made a call to housekeeping and just begged for some coffee for the morning. We talked about the light again, and I told them to never mention the light to me again. They did show up with the coffee and offered to clean the room, but I declined.Housekeeping was actually not my biggest complaint! We started out on the wrong foot with the bell desk at the beginning of our trip. My husband asked them to bring up packages to our room that had been delivered for his business meeting. We went downto the desk the next morning and they retrieved our boxes from storage, handed them to us and never offered to deliver them to our room. We were on our way out, but trudged up to our room with several boxes unaided.On the morning of our departure we called the bell desk to pick up our luggage. We had a ton of it because this was a multi city trip. After fifteen minutes of waiting we carried the luggage downstairs ourselves. I went to the bell desk and asked them where they had been. The bell captain looked confused so I said never mind. I did then ask him to retrieve our golf clubs out of storage. He brought the golf clubs to the bell desk, and then three bell people stood by talking to each other while I wrestled all of our luggage outside. (my husband was in a long line checking out). I thought they liked to help people so they would get tips, but it must work differently at Trump. I was actually making quite a disturbance trying to muscle the hard shell golf carriers out the revolving door, but no one saw fit to lend a hand.I would be really upset with this hotel if we had not only paid $114.00 a night for the room. We paid an economy price for economy service. You can get a room now for $89.00, and that is close the rate of a super budget hotel. You won't be disappointed with the service!If you want a real five star experience without a casino, try the Four Seasons at the other end of the strip. It is the top floors of Mandalay Bay, so it is convenient and a truly beautiful hotel.	
Mar 5 2009 	The perfect hotel for the Business Traveler w/ Vegas @ your doorstep!	I travel frequently for Business so my needs may be a bit different than the average Las Vegas Visitor. I am not here to party or gamble. I am here to work and the Trump International has provided me w/ a beautiful venue to do so.I have stayed @ the Wynn, Bellagio, Palazzo and Venetian and the rooms at Trump are comparable may even be a bit superior. Large and Beautiful!I love the fact that I have a fridge, stove top, microwave, coffee make, blender, toaster...etc. Many nights I would rather return to my room and make dinner, open a bottle of wine and not deal w/ the over priced cocktails and meals on the strip. Though I did treat myself to a Dinner @ Wynn one evening and @ Palazzo another.It was nice to return to the Trump after and walk through a quiet lobby...not one w/ screaming drunk party/gamblers on vacation.In the morning it's easier to make a quick breakfast and then head out to a days worth of meetings.The Trump International will stock your room w/ groceries if you want. I found it easier to stop at Whole Foods and pick up what I needed.Over all it was one of the best Business hotels I have stayed in!	
Mar 3 2009 	Great Rooms outstanding service but beware of the resort fee	We booked the Trump after the hotel picked up our bid on Priceline ($100/night for the weekend). We were hoping to get the Wynn or the Venetian, as we did on our last trip. So, initially, we were a little bummed, particularly after reading that the Trump had no Casino, charged a $15/night mandatory resort fee, and was a bit of a walk to the Strip. It turned out, though, that none of these things were a very big deal and we had an excellent stay at this property. The walk to the Wynn/Strip is a short, pleasant, 5-minute jaunt. Moreover, you can enter Nordstrom’s across the street and walk through the mall to the strip. We also found the Trump lobby to be pleasantly scented, which we much preferred to the ubiquitous cigarette smell that perpetually wafts through all Vegas casinos. The resort fee, on the other hand, is lame (if you have no choice but to pay, they should just include it in the price of the hotel rather than make their guests feel that the hotel is trying to cheat them out of a few bucks). However, it does come with some nice perks such as late check-out, a choice of a range of newspapers, 2 free small bottles of water per day, use of the pool and access to the fitness center.Concerning the paper, we did get the Sunday NY Times (eventually), which I would have had to search all over town for and buy for $5. On Monday, though, I received no paper. I’m sure a call to the front desk would have rectified this, but I still had the NY Times magazine from Sunday, so didn’t bother. We also made use of the late check-out (until 4pm), which is convenient if you have a later flight. We never tried the pool or the fitness center, but hear both are quite nice.The service at the trump is outstanding! Over the course of our stay, I requested extra clothing hangers, a down pillow, regular coffee (we only had de-cafe in our room) and a newspaper (on Sunday the times hadn’t yet been delivered at 7am, but they said they would run a copy up as soon as it arrived); all items were brought immediately and the operator, Jasmine, was very pleasant. In fact, everyone we spoke with at the hotel was very kind and accommodating. The only slight exception is the maid service. In addition to not providing regular coffee, they failed to refill our conditioner (which was empty). The studio suites at the Trump are among our favorites on the strip. We still slightly prefer the rooms at the Venetian (we like their living room area a bit more and prefer the extra flat screen to the half kitchen – it’s more esthetically pleasing if less functional). The Trump, though, has a far superior bathroom (a Jacuzzi tub and a cool TV built into the mirror) and the fridge in the kitchen/living room is a nice touch. The beds are very comfortable and, provided you get a suite facing the strip, the views are spectacular. We were in 2827 and had an incredible view of the Encore, the Wynn, the Palazzo, the Venetian, Treasure Island, and the Mirage. Strip view rooms are supposed to be an extra $40/night, but we politely requested an upgrade at check-in and they gave it to us. While it’s clearly a 5-star resort, I don’t think it’s worthy of a 5-star review given the resort fee, the coffee, conditioner and newspaper. These are obviously very small issues and I expect they won’t have much impact on most readers’ stay.For those that stay at the trump, I would like to pass on a few of additional recommendations. Esthetically, the Encore casino (about a 6-minute walk) is our favorite on the strip. Rather than the dark drabness of most casinos – which can make one feel a bit claustrophobic – the Encore is bright with high white ceilings; cool red chandeliers; and richly-colored, upholstered walls. My favorite poker rooms, though, are the Wynn and the Venetian. Both have top-notch dealers, complimentary drinks with many top-shelf liquors (if requested), and over a dozen flat screen TV’s, etc… We also liked Dal Toro for breakfast. It’s at the Palazzo, with outside seating and good eggs benedict – they use toasted sourdough and some parmesan cheese, which is a nice twist. We didn’t like the buffet at Beliggio, though. The food was just okay and the ambience is that of a Denny’s. It may be worth the $15 on weekdays, but not the $25ish on weekends. If you want to do a buffet, I recommend paying the extra few dollars and going to the Wynn.Happy Travels,Jason	
Mar 2 2009 	Nice hotel helpful staff wrong location.... a bit overpriced	THe hotel is pretty much brand new. Take a strip view on an upper floor if you stay there. The hotel is very overpriced when it comes to food and general expenses, with an unfortunate useless resort fee. We didn't even get the bottles of water and coffees!!!! Anyway not a bit deal. In the past, I stayed at the Wynn, Bellagio, Monte carlo ( to avoid) and I don't think I will stay at the Trump again du to the location. The only good point is the fact that there's no casino in it. I recommend it for about 100$ a night. not more	
Mar 2 2009 	Not A True Suite	ProsFast ElevatorWalk To Strip Not As Bad As I Read (Only 5 Min, Sidewalk On One Side The Whole Way)Hot Water Good For Us, But Other Person Had No WaterHuge BathroomAcross From Mall (Closes At 9)Good Fitness Facility W Free WaterFree Bottles Of WaterParking Was Fast (0 Min To Pick Up) &amp; Easy, But We Were There During The Week &amp; It Wasn't BusyConsNot A True Suite-Only 1 Room And Not That BigNo Free Upgrdes Even Though We Were There During An Unbusy TimeJerk At Front DeskGuy Came W Towels Before Housekeeping-Why? To Take Tip?Tv Remote Didn'T Work WellNo Rooms W 2 Beds - Pullout Not ComfortableRan Out Of Tp Even Though Hosuekeeping Had Come &amp; We Left Tip-Must Ask For EverythingTrain Loud-Bring White NoiseTub Was DirtyTipsSee Mac King At 3Pm - Harrah's - ExcellentMystere Is Aweful-Too EndrogenousAuto Collection At Imperial Palace Is Free-Search Web For Coupon	
Feb 27 2009 	Beautiful hotel... overall great deal!	I got our room off of Orbitz - an awesome deal of $139 per night with a strip view upgrade and a $50 food &amp; beverage credit. My boyfriend and I went to Vegas for a post Vday celebration and had a FAB time in Trump (and Vegas). The room we got was HUGE and gorgeous. The bath tub was great (w/ a gorgeous view) and the TV embedded into the mirror was a fun feature. The clerk who checked us in happened to be the same guy that checked us out - he was very nice and professional. Overall, it was a great stay, great deal... even though you had to pay the $15 resort fee (which many hotels do this, not so much in Vegas, but many do) , it was one of my most pleasant stays.	
Feb 24 2009 	Lovely Hotel not bad location	This Hotel I booked on Priceline for $75 a night and yes there is a resort fee of $15 which I had read about on Tripadvisor but the hotel do not disclose until you get there and you have no choice on this additional fee. However for $90 a night this was a fabulous hotel to stay in. Beautiful suites with a kitchen and large bathroom with separate shower room and large jacuzzi bath. Fitness Center over looks the pool and it very adequate. pool is heated whcih was nice for Feb and not too busy and was very relaxing. You do have a little walk to get to the main parts of the strip but honestly it's not bad for the price you can take a cab to the Bellagio for $7. It has no casino whcih was a little bit of a plus as you got away from the smoke and noise very quickly. Well worth it on Priceline and is very impressive when you get to it.	
Feb 24 2009 	Beautiful hotel lacking quality service and far from The Strip with a wonderful spa.	There is no way for me to find fault with the look of this gorgeous hotel. The lobby, bar, and restaurant are over-the-top and well decorated. The rooms are spacious, and the bathrooms are massive and exquisite. It is just a lovely place to stay. The spa is relaxing and the service AT THE SPA is stellar. I had a wonderful, relaxing massage. My host was very polite. My facial made my skin glow. I did have a pedi, which was adequate enough. The extra little touches found at the spa seem to be missing from the salon. I had the breakfast buffet in the restaurant each morning, and the food was very good: omelettes to order, thick bacon, ripe fruit, and happy pancakes.The service was not even close to 5-star. There was a LINE to check in. Hire more desk staff, PLEASE. The waitress at the bar was awful - it took SO LONG to get each of our rounds it was laughable. Now, they staff was not rude at all. They spoke to us politely. They just weren't good at their jobs. There is a $15 resort fee. They really need to just add $15 to the price of the rooms, and stop lying to people about the fee. It's not like it's an optional fee, so in my mind it's just a way to force you to pay more for your room than you agreed to at reservation. It does not pay for anything. You have to pay $22 a day to use the facilities and you have to pay for parking. A half bottle of water does not cost $15. I never received a newspaper, which is another item they claim the &quot;fee&quot; pays for. I would be less upset about the &quot;resort&quot; fee if I wasn't treated like an idiot by being lied to about it's purpose. Let's also be honest about the fact that a 5-star hotel is supposed to include these things, not charge extra for them.Lastly, this hotel is far removed from the strip. I know that you have to take cabs everywhere in Vegas, but sometimes it's nice to look out and see the goings on - or step outside and walk the strip a bit. You certainly can't do that from The Trump.All in all, I would choose another hotel despite this one's beauty, because of the resort fee - service issues and the location would reaffirm my choice.	
Feb 22 2009 	Excellent Hotel But....	The Trump is an excellent choice in LV. It's luxurious and quiet (no casino) but close to all the action. Great views from all the rooms.The only problem is the freight train that passes by on the west side of the hotel. At exactly 4:45AM each day, I was awakened by the blast of a steam whistle from the train. Then, I waited for each of the cars to pass by (clickety-clack.) Then when I was back asleep, another train came by at 6:00AM. The train noise coupled with the traffic noise (I had a great view of the highways and the Erotic Heritage Museum) made for difficult sleeping. So, luxury does have some drawbacks. The Trump is a bargain, however, for the type of quality room you get; marble tiling &amp; high-end furnishings. It is also the only hotel that charges for parking in LV, how cheap can you be? Get your room on the east side!	
Feb 21 2009 	You have to want to walk if you stay here	The hotel was beautiful. Rooms are huge and well appointed- even have a mini kitchen. Bathrooms are immense. Views of the mountains are wonderful - however, the hotel is not on the strip. In order to get to the strip, you have to walk through the entire fashion mall or down streets with no sidewalks- I would not advise walking the street to the Trump at night. Going through the fashion mall is possible until 10 p.m. Cabs are expensive in Vegas and you will have to take a cab back to the Trump at night.  We usually walked the 3 blocks to the Strip every morning and took &quot;The Deuce'&quot;. The Deuce is the bus that goes up and down the strip all day and late into the night. Your best deal is buying the all day pass for $7 pp and you can use it as much as you want in 24 hours. If you're there more than 2 days, the 3 day pass is $15, and again, you can ride the strip from Fremont Street all the down to the Mandalay Bay.	
Feb 16 2009 	What a great trip!	We booked this hotel through hotwire and got an awesome deal on it. When we got to the suite we were really impressed with the size of it. Suite has a kitchen area, dining area, good sized living area with a queen bed pull out, 2 bathrooms and a good sized bedroom!Service was also great. They let us have a late checkout of 5pm which is pretty much unheard of anywhere else!Only complaint is that it is a bit of a trek to get to the hotel from the main strip but it is beside the fashion show mall which was convenient in itself.All in all a great place to stay and we would definitely stay there again!	
Feb 13 2009 	Great Room and Service!	We like many others got into the Trump via Priceline hoping for the Venetian. We were traveling with our 5 year old son and no smoke, noise, rowdy crowds and long casino walks were definitely a PLUS.On arriving in our rental car, our bags were immediately put on a luggage cart and stored as we checked in. We got a Studio Suite on the Strip side on the 30th floor. The room was clean and wonderful. The robes were where they should be the water and coffee everyday refilled and the dished and pan's from breakfast cleaned and put away.The Valet service was great with the maximum wait no more than 10 minutes (And that was because of a glut of people checking in and out at the time). I walked to the Wynn in 5 minutes. The wait for the cross walk to the Wynn actually took more time coming back than the actual walk. Returning at 2AM there was no problem with strangers or the like to deal with. Though it was dark, and it is true for part of the walk there is no sidewalk.We had room service once and the food was great. We spent more at the Mirage Burger joint than on a BLT and a Hamburger at the Trump and the Trump was much better. My 5 year old had a blast with the TV in the mirror in the bathroom and the whirlpool. A note on the 32&quot;LCD TV. There are High definition channels in the 200 range of channels.The pool was closed though we would not have used it anyway. Had a drunk in the bar/piano area and overall it was a nice atmosphere. We did go to the Venetian one of the days and I was glad that we avoided the long walk and lines by staying at the Trump. Was everything perfect? No, but I did not pay a 5 star hotel price either. The flexibility of this hotel is perfect for travelling with a family. On a side note, we did not even realize we were by the strip clubs until we took a back way to the hotel from the other side of the freeway. No way for you to know they are there unless you happen to drive down that way.On an unrelated note, spent 150 dollars to see the Popovich Comedy Theater in the Miracle Mile. NOT WORTH IT! The biggest let down of the trip. On the other hand, Prime Steak House at the Bellagio lived up to its billing. We did hear the train once, but not something to get crazy over.Overall the Trump, for the price is an unbeatable deal.	
Feb 13 2009 	Not Bad for $89 plus $15 resort fee	Just finished a 10 day stay at the Trump: Overall the hotel is clean and comfortable with rooms that are well designed. My business partner had a one bedroom suite which has a complete kitchen with Wolf Stove top, Sub Zero Fridge and Wolf oven. The room also has a table that seats 4 and an “L” shaped sectional. My studio had a kitchenette with a small Sub Zero and a two burner Wolf top and a comfortable seating area. The rooms connect via a common entrance which is nice so you can open up both rooms and still maintain your privacy. Some negative things people should be aware of before booking:1. The hotel does not disclose a $15 per day “resort fee”2. Internet access is $11.99 per day3. Phone access via the hotel land line has a connection charge of $12 for the first minute, plus a huge per minute fee. The rates are not disclosed in the room. After a few words with management they did remove the near $100 charge. 4. Hotel staff does not obey the “do not disturb” sign, I was awoken several times.5. In Suite Dining (room service) overprice and poor food quality and taste. 6. Only one restaurant and bar, no Casino7. Not enough staff for check in/out 8. TRAIN which blows its horn 4-5 times per night, my room was facing Industrial Ave and the Love Boutique. Overall it is an incredible value for $89 per night plus the $15 resort fee.	
Feb 10 2009 	Great Rooms Service Lacking	The one bedroom suite is great. The hotel is very clean and staff very courteous. Service was poor. We checked in and were the only ones checking in. When we checked in and they took our baggage, it took nearly an hour to get our baggage to our room. Even after calling, it still took 20 minutes. Ordered chocolate cake and cheesecake for dessert and it took 45 minutes. 1st day it took running the shower 20 minutes to get any hot water.	
Feb 9 2009 	Absolutely Incredible! Wonderful experience	We booked on Priceline, and honestly, I was hoping for Venetian, and got the Trump. I was worried at first after reviewing the other comments but thought at 79.00 a night, how bad can it be?We checked in and the staff was friendly and very efficient. I've heard of the $20 trick, but thought Id skip it. The clerk asked me if the &quot;studio suite&quot; was acceptable to me, and I told him that we were there to celebrate my wife's birthday, and his reply was that he would &quot;take good care of me&quot;.We were given a room on the 48th floor and when we got the the suite, we were amazed on how nice it was. It was a corner room, and had a bedroom, living room, and full kitchen with high end appliances. There was hi def tvs in the living room and bedroom, and even a tv in the incredibly huge bathroom. A nice deep whirlpool tub with huge windows overlooking the Strip. We had a 180 degree view of both the north and south strip. The suite was immaculate, and by far, the largest suite we have ever had the pleasure of staying in, and we are frequent travelers.The rest of the hotel was very nice with an incredible rose scent throughout the public areas. What a nice expenience.I didnt mind paying the 15.00 per day charge for valet parking, resort fee, etc, especially considering I knew of this in advance, and also considering the upgrade we received. We had a car, so we often used the valet. I would always call down, and my car was always ready by the time we got downstairs.Never heard the train...not even onceThis short two day stay was an incredible experience. I would gladly stay here again!	
Feb 9 2009 	Disappointed in the Trump	I was in Vegas with one of my girls to celebrate my 29th birthday! I’m a frequent traveler to Vegas and enjoy the excitement of the city. Even though I am not a gambler, I like the entertainment that casinos offer. The Trump Hotel doesn’t have a casino so there livelihood of the hotel is suffering. But the positive to that is not having to navigate your way through the casino to make it back to the room after a long night out. The lobby is attractive and smells wonderful. As others have stated, there is a $15/day resort fee for the use of the pool, workout facilities, etc. I did not use those amenities but still had to pay for them, which was ok by me but I would have preferred for this charge to be included in the cost of the room and not a surprise when I check in. The room, a one-bedroom suite was nice and cozy. The kitchenette was convenient and the bathroom was huge. I expected any room I got in Vegas to have a choice of one king or two queen/double beds but Trump’s one bedroom suites only come with one queen bed and a pullout sofa. Needless to say this was a little disappointing for me and my guest but since I got my room through Priceline, there was nothing we could do about it. Another disappointment was the noise of the train and its loud horn. It comes through around 1 am, 4 am, and throughout the day. Making your way to the strip is not as convenient as other properties. You can go through the Fashion Show Mall instead of walking down the partial sidewalk or take a taxi. A taxi ride to Caesar’s Palace (Forum Shops) is about $10. There is no self parking but you can easily park across the street in the Nordstrom’s, but unexpected for a 5 star hotel.The staff was ok for the most part. One evening my guest forgot her key to the room and the security would not let her up. They told her they always have someone to check the guests who use the elevators to ensure they are guests of the hotel. Strange, we were there Thur-Sun and that was the one and only time we saw anyone checking for room keys. The only onsite restaurant, DJ T, was ok. There are much better places on the strip to eat. Trying to get a taxi, don’t rely on the hotel staff. We were not ready for the maid service when they came Saturday to clean the room. You’re instructed put the housekeeping light on once maid service can come back. We did so at 1pm and left the room to go shopping. We returned at 5pm and the room was still not cleaned. At 6pm we called in a complaint and requested towels to be brought up. That never happened. We showered again and left the room at 8:30pm with the maid service indicator still on. We arrived back to the hotel @ 3:30am and our rooms keys would not work. We tried to use the phones in the hall to have staff come bring us new keys but the phones did not work so we had to go downstairs to get them. At this point I was very disappointed in the Trump and expressed my concerns to the manager. He offered to upgrade our room but we were checking out in a few hours so there was no point. The only other thing they offered was to waive the $15/day resort fee. The last disappointment I encountered was an e-mailed reservation confirmation for another night at the Trump Hotel and the charge for $99 plus tax! I was shocked since I paid for my stay Thur-Sun on Priceline. I called the hotel, spoke with management and they refunded my cc for the charge of the extra reservation. Needless to say, I will not be returning to the Trump Hotel.	
Feb 7 2009 	Amazing experience	I have stayed at a few locations on the strip and none have come even close to my experience at the Trump. From the moment you enter the lobby you know this place is another class. I stayed in a 1 bedroom suite and was blown away by the size and quality of the room. The walk to the strip is nothing to worry about and if you dont want to walk down the street then just head through the fashon show mall and pick up a coffee on your way to the strip. The only problem i had was the trains passing by but this is far from enough to put me off visiting here again.	
Feb 2 2009 	Disappointing For Vegas Lover	I often tell my friends to be cautious with reviews as most people only take time to review bad experiences and not good experiences. I have done both, but I travel for pleasure so much that I couldn't review all of my wonderful or marginal experiences. I am taking time to write this review to warm other travelers to Vegas of the disappointment they may experience staying at this inappropriately labeled 5 star hotel in a city with many more better choices. I suggest this hotel for business travelers who are habitual gamblers and must stay away from casino hotels. It is also good for couples or individuals who dislike Vegas and are forced to visit the city and wish to remain alienated from the cities energy. I travel to Vegas about 6 to 8 times a year. I am not a big gambler, but enjoy the energy of the city as well as the restaurants, shows and night life. I have stayed at most of the 4 and 5 star hotels up and down the strip and was anxious to experience the Trump. It was a total disappointment from the moment I walked through the door. When I arrived at 11pm the hotel was dead. There was no one at the bar, in the lobby and most importantly, there was no one to check me in. I walked around the corner behind the podium and announced myself in hopes someone would be in the back room. There was no one. I walked outside and asked the bellman if there was anyone working the front desk. Finally, after about 10 minutes (or more) someone showed up. I was check in and told about the $15 resort fee. I know this has been covered by other reviewers so any guest should be prepared. Resort fees, however, are a sore subject for me as I find them deceptive ways to make additional revenue without fully disclosing the charges to customers when booking a reservation. I can only hope one day that legislatures take note of this fraudulent charge and make all 'resort fees' illegal. I loath that I am charged a fee that covers parking a car when I arrived by taxi and that is not the norm for any other hotel in Vegas. The fee also covered things for which I never use like the newspaper (I use the Internet), coffee (no thanks), pool (it was empty and being repaired), and bottled water (I can pick this up at the mall for a fraction of the fee). Scam. More importantly, the hotel is not on the strip and currently inconvenient for walking to the strip except during daylight hours. If you are unfortunate to be caught staying at this hotel and are reading the review I suggest that you use the mall to transverse the walk to the strip. If you cross the street and turn left you can take the walk into the parking garage and then enter the mall from the doors on the left underground. Then, walk straight ahead and you can get to the strip. At night, forget it. Once the mall is closed walking back to the hotel appeared dangerous because of a lack of sidewalks and lighting.  There are so many wonderful restaurants on the strip that I never did try lunch or dinner at the hotel. I did think it was important to give it a try for breakfast. What a disappointment. The day I was there I was the only one in the small part of the restaurant that is cordoned off for breakfast service. I felt like I was staying at an old hotel that had to create a place to serve guests breakfast. Then, the prices were a little high for my independent traveling budget. Okay, I am complaining about money twice in this posting and I am the first to dislike other postings that focus on cost and not the experience. If you have a beverage (coffee, tea or soda), orange juice, oatmeal and a bread you will pay more than $30. I know Vegas is expensive these days, but this place doesn't offer atmosphere or a unique dining experience. At least the nearby Wynn and Palazzo have places with style and excitement for breakfast. The hotel looks like a designers potpourri from a gaudy classless Greek lobby to a lifeless neoclassical elevator area to a modern dysfunctional hotel room. It appears to me that no one could agree on one cohesive look and feel for the property. The hotel room would be impressive in New York, but it is less impressive than competing hotel rooms at the Venetian, Palazzo, Wynn, The Hotel and others on the strip. On one trip to Vegas I sampled The Signature hotel which is a condominium complex connected to the MGM via a long, and I mean very long, covered walkway. The Trump isn't connected to anything. You are forced to rely on taxis, driving or walking to get to any activity besides watching the car valet or lone bartender organizing his bottles. I would guess that very few of the guests return to this hotel after their first stay. I talked with a couple of other people who were staying at the hotel and disappointed ruled. One can only feel sorry for the investors who purchased rooms at this property as an investment. At night, if you want turn down service you need to call housekeeping and put in your request. If you don't request the service it wont happen automatically. I find this to be the case with many hotels. I find it inconvenient to remember to make that call every evening before going out.  Over the course of my stay I did think that the service people were friendly and tried to help. But, there is more to life in Vegas than just good service.	
Jan 27 2009 	Not worth the great deal	As with a number of other reviewers, we got a deal on priceline at this place for $85 and were pretty excited about it. Clearly Trump is trying to lure guests to this remote and mostly empty hotel and then backloading the price with additional fees.The $15 'resort fee' = total scam. When asked what this was paying for, we were told &quot;the water in your room, the coffee and access to the pool &amp; fitness club&quot;. That's right, the water and the coffee, the same things that the super 8 provides for free. Fitness area was outstanding. Pool was closed! Could not get them to reduce the fee becuase the best of the 'resort' ammenities that we were paying for was not available. Also managed to charge me $14 for a 30 second call to Canada.Location: great access to the mall, reasonably good if you are considering going downtown, terrible for the strip. It's close to Wynn &amp; Encore but so far from most strip resorts that you'll spend the money you saved on the room on taxis in no time.Service: excellent. No complaints whatsoever.	
Jan 26 2009 	Don't bother staying here	$15 a day for valet parking, this is a joke. What other hotel in Vegas charges for parking? I think the $15 is a scam. If it really costs the hotel $15 for the services they claim to be providing, add it to the daily room rate. The valet service is horrible. We returned for an afternoon of shopping at the outlets and could not even pull in to the hotel entrance there were so many empty cars sitting on the drive. When I was finally able to pull in, I had to flag someone down to take my keys and give me a ticket. Going out Saturday night was worse. The cars were still backed up on the drive. It took 45 minutes for the valet to pull our car up, and he had a nerve to look at me for a tip. The service and attitude of the people at this hotel is horrible. I will never stay again. Oh wait, don't forget the train at 4 AM in the morning, or the horrible pillows. Stay away.The one positive, the bell captain was excellent. He went out of his way to answer questions and provide recommendations for places to go and eat in the areas we were going to be in around vegas.	
Jan 20 2009 	Great deal but will stay elsewhere next time.	A friend and I booked a &quot;5 Star Hotel&quot;, for $79 per night, through HotWire. Unlike some, who have done the same, and expected the Venetian, Palazzo, etc., we figured it would be the Trump. We were correct.The hotel is nice. It is clean, and certainly stands out, with it's sparkling gold color, in the sun. The rooms are nice, and certainly not a typical hotel room. I don't think, however, that the hotel warrants 5 Star status.Upon check-in, you are hit with a $15 per day fee, which is called a &quot;resort fee&quot;, and includes use of the pool, the fitness center, and receiving a newspaper (of which you have several choices), in your room, each day. I do not agree with this fee, especially since it is hidden until check-in. Most 5 Star hotels include such services, for no additional charge. I was disappointed at being charged this fee, after not receiving the newspaper during our first day, and finding that the pool was drained, and down for maintenance. How do you charge someone for &quot;use of the pool&quot;, knowing that the pool is drained, and down for maintenance.The hotel is noisy, at night, due to the train, and I believe, also, the monorail, which is probably the &quot;whistling&quot; noise that some describe. The train and monorail run late at night, and early in the morning. If you are not a hard sleeper, it may cause you issues getting to sleep.The location of Trump, is not really on the strip, even though it is advertised, on HotWire, as being &quot;central strip&quot;. It is a good 5-7 minute walk, to get to the strip. It also involved a walk down a side road, with no sidewalk, which can be dangerous, considering there is traffic, especially at night. Not safe for anybody, especially children.We had no problems with room service. Our room was cleaned both days, of our stay. The bar at the Trump has a very nice staff, and great drinks. Definately try it out. We did not try the restauraunt, but the menu is limited, and pricy. It also isn't a menu that would appeal to children, if you stay with children at the Trump.We had no problems with the staff, but our check-in, and check-out was a bit cold. We were not met with a very &quot;welcoming&quot;, and &quot;glad you stayed with us&quot;, type of attitude. More of a, &quot;here are your keys, this is your room&quot;, now be on your way, at check-in, and a &quot;here is your bill, now be on your way&quot;, at check-out. Considering the &quot;5 Star&quot; rating, you would expect to be greeted at check-in, as though you are appreciated a little more, as well as thanked at check-out. It wasn't as though we were treated rudely, but it just wasn't a warm, welcoming attitude, that you would expect at a 5 Star hotel.In the end, I can't say I wouldn't recommend the Trump, but I think you would have a better experience, and stay, in the heart of the strip, at other hotels - where you'll actually spend less money. The last time I was in Vegas, I stayed at the Monte Carlo, which was much cheaper (especially when considering no $15 &quot;resort fee&quot;), and very nice, as well. It was actually, &quot;on the strip&quot;. The Trump is also a place of residence, as many of the condo's, and rooms are actually owned by people. I think this may play a part in not getting the full &quot;hotel&quot; experience that one might expect. It is also, because of it being a residential building, that it doesn't have a casino. I am not a gambler, and didn't mind this. Others may enjoy this as well. For the typical Vegas traveler, however, the Trump can seem a bit removed from the typical Vegas atmosphere. In the end, I guess it all depends on what you are looking for.	
Jan 19 2009 	Not a 5 star experience	Stayed 2 nights over MLK weekend and was not too impressed. I stayed in a regular room and the room was ok. Kitchenette was neat and the bathroom big but overall nothing special or deserving a 5 star rating. Of the 4 elevators that went up to our floor 3 were out of order the entire weekend. this caused several long waits going up and down. With a 5 star rating you would have thought that more attention would be paid to fixing issues immediately. The valet also was not appropriately staffed or trained because even after calling down for my car, and taking 10 min to get down to valet, i still had to wait another 10min for my car. The worst part there was only 2 of us waiting for cars. lastly, i understand that January is winter time but it was close to 70degrees and the pool was drained. The fitness center was ok. Not sure what my $15/day resort fee was used for but i figure they should have just told me it was $15/day to park since there was no self-parking.The hotel website had some really great deals, under $100 a night, which you cant beat for a 5 star hotel. But what this created was your typical group of vegas bound young fun loving people staying at the hotel, not the best atmosphere for a 5star hotel. I had a couple of encounters with the high 5'ing drunk kids you find on the strip.For a few extra dollars i could have been closer to the strip and probably had a better experience.	
Jan 17 2009 	Fabulous	We loved this hotel. There is no casino, which for us a huge plus because it did not have that pervasive smell of smoke from cigarettes you smell in all the casinos and you could not hear the constant noise of slot machines upon entry. The entrance is very elegant with lovely a lovely aromatherapy smell emanating throughout. We felt extremely secure at this hotel. We heard a number of stories whilst in town of people having been robbed in their hotel rooms or drugged and ended up in their hotel rooms. The staff ask for proof you are staying at the hotel before allowing you up the elevators. The room was beautiful with every amenity you could wish for. We had a full kitchen, which we didn't need but it was wonderful to be able to put wine or beer in the fridge and have proper bowls to serve snacks in while we relaxed in the evening before seeing a show. The hotel is so close to everything you want to be near. The view from the room was spectacular. We did not have to be out all the time in order to enjoy the nightlife of the strip we could see it from the window. There is only one criticism I could possible mention and the Trump Organization could not be held accountable for it, but it is a shame that there is no proper pavement from the hotel during the short walk to Las Vegas Boulevard. When we return to Las Vegas we will definitely return here.	
Jan 17 2009 	DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!	We stayed here in July...thought being Trump that we could expect a quality experience, but sadly, so far from the truth. It starts with the additional fees for parking - it is ONLY valet and they charge you about $17 extra, per day. Although the valet guys were nice enough, it was sometimes quite a wait.The pool hours are ever changing and are not accurately reflected in the hotels' information book (when asked about this - they said the book was outdated - which is hard to beleive since this hotel only opened 3 months prior to our arrival). One night when arriving back to the hotel, it appeared as though someone had used our toilet and clogged it!!!! This was reported and security came to check it out. The same night, our extra pillows were missing and it took OVER 2 hours to get the pillows, after a snarky reply from the front desk that we should check the cupboards (this was our 6th day here - we certainly knew where the extra pillows were). The day we were checking out, we had requested a LATE check out - security came banging on the door (ignoring the do not disturb sign) at about 9am to have us fill out a form about the toilet complaint!!! A bit later, now up and getting ready to leave - SOME RANDOM GUY WALKED INTO THE ROOM, apparently checking in, however I was in the bathroom changing at the time.......Hotel security and front desk staff said it must have been a mistake when they gave someone the key to our room before we had checked out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Although some nice flash....this is all it is. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!!!! Stay somewhere, where they know it vegas an treat you accordingly!!!!!	
Jan 15 2009 	Stay here if you can wait 45 min for your car from valet	Stayed at Trump Vegas during Christmas. Hotel doesn't have self parking, so you need to valet ($15 per day). No problem with that. But, you need to wait 45 minutes to get your car back. That is not okay. Not many bell men are available too; need to get my own luggage to my room. So much for a 5-star hotel. The morning we left, there were over 100 people waiting in the lobby to get their cars. So, be careful if you have a flight to catch. Better off park across street (Nordstrom) if you are going in and out. Can’t find any onsite management to discuss the issue.	
Jan 14 2009 	Awesome hotel but still working on some service issues.	Let me start off by saying we were completely thrilled with this hotel. I was not sure how I would feel about staying in Vegas in a hotel without a casino but thought I'd give it a try since the price was right and most hotels were booked (we were there for CES). Upon arriving we experienced the quiet sophistication of a high end hotel with out the loud slot machines, lights and cigarette smoke Vegas is known for. The check in was painless, the staff at the front desk was very polite. Going up to our room we were pleased to find we were on the 58th floor, facing the strip. This made for an absolute beautiful view at night as we could see clear from one end of the strip all the way down to Mandalay (the opposite end), it was truly a spectacular view. The room was very large, well appointed, a very comfortable bed, a couch, chairs, coffee table, desk, microwave, fridge, cooktop, blender, toaster, big closets, lots of drawers. All this and the room did not feel cramped at all. The bathroom was gorgeous, very big marble, flat screen in the mirror, enormous tub, beautiful shower. I also like the location of the hotel. It is set a bit back from the strip, yet is right across the street from Fashion Show Mall, and on the other side of the street is the Wynn, Palazzo, and Venetian. The Bellagio is a painless 1 mile walk (or 8 dollar cab ride). Anyway point being, we went to those hotels to gamble and then did not have to walk back through a casino to get to our room, or in the morning. Ok now to the service issues. Before arriving at The Trump I attempted to make use of the renowned &quot;attache services.&quot; I was requesting they fill our fridge with beverages we wanted during our stay. I e-mailed and after a couple days heard back. I had a couple questions and she never responded back. I thought this was disappointing as it is touted as one of the highlights of the hotel. Annoying. Upon arriving to our room, our fridge had something spilled in it (yuck), and our water bottles which are supposed to be in each room (as part of the &quot;resort fee&quot;) were not there. The gentlemen who brought our luggage checked these things and appeared very unhappy with the oversights, again he was very kind and assured us it would be taken care of, and it was. Our friends were also missing the water bottles out of their room, as well as a bathrobe. These may seem insignificant but for a hotel that really prides itself on its service, we a little surprised at the oversights. I did order room service and it came very quickly and was delicious but set my tray in the hallway to be picked up (around 3 in the afternoon) and when we left to check out the next morning it was still there. Overall the employees that we came in contact with were VERY nice and helpful, it were the ones you didn't see who seemed to not be doing their jobs. Perhaps it's a sign of the economy and they just don't have enough people on staff?	
Jan 12 2009 	DONT WASTE YOUT MONEY!!!!!	I just spent five days at the trump and all I can say is do not waste your money there! This is NOT a five star hotel! The service was absolutely horrible, they are understaffed and extremely unprofessional. Here is a list of complaints!:- Our pull out sofa had sheets and towels that must have been there for years! literally. When requesting new sheets for the bed they tool over an hour to deliver them to us. - half of our toiletries were used!- Any kind of request whether it was room service, a request for more towels, even getting change back literally took hours on end.-they charged our bank card with incidentals- a $100 dollars a day per person- totaling over to over $1600!! However when you sign in at check in - do they even bother to mention this to you? No but its in the fine print so of course they are not liable for overdrafting your bank account!Seriosuly do not waste your time or money staying at this crap [--] place they call a five star hotel. This is more like negative two star hotel.	
Jan 8 2009	Loved the Trump Las Vegas	Got a great rate on a last minute website and were very pleased with our brief 3 night stay at the Trump in Las Vegas. We are not huge gamblers and were drawn to the fact the hotel would not be swarming with smoking gamblers. The hotel itself is pretty magical. Lots of glitter and glam. Courteous and polite hotel staff. Fantastic hotel finishes. Even better bed. Jacuzzi in the bathroom finished it off. Will definitely be returning. Only downside is its quite a long walk to get to the strip, but that wasn't really an issue for us.	
Jan 7 2009 	Good Spot	We stayed at the trump hotel over the New Year break. It was in a good spot slightly off the strip. Quiet in comparison to the other casino hotels. We were upgraded to a one bedrrom suite which is huge and has a full kitchen.We were on the side that the train and highway is on, but we had no problem sleeping. We did go to bed late though so we might've slept through most noise. All in all a good stay. We did not use many of the facilities while we were there, except for the gym which was excellent.If you like a hotel that is more like an apartment i would reccomend this hotel for you. It's also very close to Wynn and Encore which are the best places to hang out on the strip.For a great breakfast, hit the Peppermill it's open 24hours and has great food.	
Jan 6 2009 	fantastic experience	From start to finish, this was an amazing experience. Our room was absolutely beautiful, with a full kitchen, flat screens, great bathroom amenities; the bed was extremely comfortable and luxurious. everyone who worked at the property was very gracious and courteous, and they went out of our way to make us feel special. room service was great, as was housekeeping. the main restaurant djt had great food and service.there is no casino, (no billowing clouds of cigarette smoke to waddle through nor incessant slot machine clamour). the spa experience was first rate.i would strongly recommend the trump for anyone traveling to vegas!	
Jan 6 2009 	Below average	Pro: Nice decor, pleasant staff, comfortable bedCons: Not clean-coffee maker had leftover grounds; Mandatory $15 resort fee is a hidden charge and cannot be waived even if you don't intend to use the ridiculous extras that should be free (ie. parking, pool, newspaper, water) Can you imagine if your airlines charged you an extra mandatory fee because you need to use the seat and breathe their oxygen?. Ridiculous! When you arrive, there's no way you could refuse to pay after all your arrangements have been made. I make it a point to always avoid shady business practices of certain companies, and I've added Trump Hotel to my list. Also, the location is bad - it's a little bit off the strip and it's near a train station. The train whistle woke me up early in the morning.	
Jan 4 2009 	NYE 2008 Reviewed	We stayed at the Trump Hotel Las Vegas for New Years 2008 from12/29 to 01/02/09. The room was a corner 1BR suite located on the 45 floor with views of the Central and North Strip.The Hotel is conveniently located off I-15 and Spring Moutain, a few twists and turns and your there. Shoppers will love the location as it's located directly across form the Fashion Mall and you can enter by foot through Nordstroms, however there is no cross walk or better a skywalk, so be prepared to dodge some traffic or walk up the street a bit to a cross walk at the light. The Valet Staff while slow is professional and curteous. The front Desk staff is professional and check in was quick, but our arrival was after peak. Be prepared to be slapped with an extra $15.00/day fee for pool, gym, valet and what ever else they try to throw in like 2ea. complimentry bottled waters per day. Funny the pool was drained for the season. This is not disclosed on their website reservations. The hotel lobby, bar and lounge are nice with open and spacious construction. The actual bar is really small for a place this size.The 1BR suite room was nice and spacious as well. The corner suites have a private entry foyer located off the main interior hallway which elimanate possible walk by noise from late returning party's. Unless you have been distrubed by this in the past at other hotels you may not appreciate this rare feature. The kitchenette's are small but sufficient and the sub-zero refrigerators are nice with built in ice maker. The kitchens contain all basic essentials plus some, including blender, toaster, mircowave, stove and diswashwer. The dining room table is adequate and the living room is spacious with nice built in entertainment center and L shaped sofa/sleeper. There is a 47&quot; flat screen in in the living room although it had a picture and sound glitching problem the staff could not fix. The hall bathroom was spacious with its own shower. The master bedroom was very spacious with his/hers closets ironing boards, sitting chair and ottoman. The master bedroom has a 32&quot; flat screen that worked without problems. The master bath was huge, the size of most deluxe rooms on the strip with Jacuzzi tub, shower for 2 easy, his/her sinks and seperate water closet. The mirror in the master has a cool 13&quot; TV screen built in. Negatives: The heating system was not adequate to heat the suite especially in the bedroom. Two calls and two HVAC technicians later the problem was not resolved. The bedding was all down comforter, bed pad and pillows. I guess the hotel does not anticapte that some guests cannot tolerate down as they have no substitute bedding, except for pillows. We went without mattress pad and comforter. The staff delivered what I would call thick sheets and called them blankets. The suite was not as clean upon arriving as would normally be expected. There were hairs, crumbs etc. on counters and in the sinks, refrigerator etc. The living room had an area that reeked of bad colone. The staff will honor the &quot;do not distrurb&quot; sign by not knocking on your door, but they will ring your room after 3PM for acccess and then not show up for a few more hours. So unplug your phone or turn the ringer off if you truly want to catch some extra Zzzz's or what ever before venturing out for the night. The 47&quot; flat screen in the living room may as well have not been there as it was impossible to watch and I guess impossible to fix as it remained as such after the repair staff &quot;looked&quot; at it. The most comical part of the stay was the reaction of &quot;senior&quot; room service staff which we had the pleasure of dealing with twice. Unholding the standard the Trump adds an automatic $5.00 per person surcharge plus a whopping %18 gratuity to all room service charges. So when I get a suprised look from a room service person for not adding &quot;extra&quot; gratuity to an already over inflated bill for strolling up some food, I just have to smile Not once but twice. Cracks me up just thinking about it again.Oh, yea got the Wall Street Journal and Las Vegas Review Journal delivered to the door every morning. Nice perk. Actually read an article in the WSJ during the stay coincendentially after just seeing an infomericial of Trump hawking real estate how to seminars that he just defaulted on a $53M loan payment which has already been extended twice for him on one of his property endeavors. Stating the default was to preserve &quot;liquidity&quot;.Bottom line: Nice hotel. At the price point they have some superior competition though. They need to work some kinks out fast or deal with the consequences.	
Jan 4 2009 	Nice Room but It's the Little Things...	I'm a fan of Las Vegas Condohotels, and have stayed in all of them that have opened so far. In terms of the room only, the Trump is nice. It's very similar to the Signature, though with slightly less square footage and no balconies. The room fittings may be of slightly higher quality than the Signature, beautiful sinks in the bath and lots of tasteful marble. Rooms are a couple of years newer than the Signature, so may be fresher.We checked in just after 3pm on New Years Day. The front desk attendant was pleasant, but said our room wasn't ready yet.  We really didn't feel like waiting -- there were a lot of people in the lobby obviously already waiting for their room, so I asked if there were any upgraded rooms available. We ended up upgrading to a premium corner suite 1 bedroom for another $100 a night so we wouldn't have to wait. Our room was on the 19th floor and had a bathroom as big as the bedroom, with a large window over the tub. Unfortunately, the view was mostly of the freeway and parking lots. Would've been cool to have a higher floor and strip view...The Trump charges $15 a day now in a resort fee which I wouldn't have minded -- if internet was included -- but that's an extra $12 a day (again, the Signature fee includes wifi). The resort fee includes bottled water and coffee -- the water wasn't replenished the 2nd day, there was only 1 coffee cup in the kitchen, and the only creamer available was a hazelnut cream cremora flavor. Bed and linens were the least comfortable of any high end hotel I've stayed in in the past year, including the Palazzo, Palms Place, and the Sig. Room service took an hour and a half to arrive. Food was good quality, but by the time it got to us we wished we'd just gone out for breakfast. In sum, the hotel is a beautiful facility, clean, and it should be excellent, but it's obviously understaffed, and too many little things added up to make it a really good hotel. If the Signature is maintaining their rooms well, it's much better managed in every way. Even the Palms Place, with the rough start we had in our stay there, seemed better managed and had a much more interesting room...	
Jan 2 2009 	The true experience	Plus:1. Room and deco.2. Nice view.3. Curtious staff.Minus:1. Valet parking response slow.2. House keeping response slow.	
Dec 31 2008 	Absolute Ripoff! Don't waste your time or money here...	After the hotel was fully booked and confirmed, we arrived and they forced us to pay an additional MANDATORY $15 (plus tax) a day charge for nonsense like using the pool, newspaper in the room, and useless stuff that are automatically included with every other hotel. You have no option to decline this fee, and I think It's absolutely ridiculous.Then, they claim to be &quot;steps away from the strip&quot;, but they're more like a 20 minute walk away from the strip.Also, ALL of their rooms have only ONE bed and an uncomfortable pullout bed.Lastly, we had a very loud and constant whistling noise in our room, as if the windows were leaking wind noise.Overall, considering that it was supposed to be 5 star resort, I think it sucked REAL REAL REAL bad.	
Dec 28 2008 	The Worst Hotel	This has to be the worst hotel. Horrible service with bad attitude, this is what your going to get at Trump. We we're looking forward to stay at Trump hotel during our Chirstmas vacation and as it turns out it was a complete nightmare. they completely ruined our Christmas. It started by not having hot water in our first night. Yes, NO HOT WATER. Can you believe that? What kind of establishment that does not even have hot water? Then the very next day the front desk woke us up at 6:30am, the complete family, with a phone call trying to come into our room and want to check on the hot water. Anyone with a right sense will not do that. In our room we had a cracked pitcher and not to metion a broken phone. The housekeeping forgets to deliver requested items and on top of it all, the valet has an attitude bring your car. My sons are now sick because the valet won't bring the car to the front entrence, instead they told us to WALK, in the winter cold, to the far end of the building to pick up our car. We had to carry our kids and run to our van. The following day, I went down to make my 4th complaint with the manager and as it turns out I was not the only one. Guest was angry with valet, the room, service, food. You name it. People had to wait 45 min. to get their car from valet. Thanks Donald Trump for ruining my Christmas vacation. Oh did I mention it was my son's first trip to Vegas. They sure made it unforgetable!	
Dec 18 2008 	Relaxing and very nice!	Trump towers are a little off the strip, just by the mall and thanks to it not having a casino its much more quiet and relaxing place.I had a room on the 33 floor and the rooms are huge compared to the normal European rooms I am used too. It was more like a small flat, The bathroom was huge with both separate tub and shower. They even had a TV built into the mirror. The place is well run and I cant give enough credits to the bartenders working at the pool. Here was a bunch of idiots from Europe having fun in Vegas and they just somehow made it even better. Thanks guys!They even got out the house escalade and drove us around instead of calling us a cab like we asked for.There are probably more fancy places in Vegas with more fake marble, fake gold and hands always looking for a tip, but as a non gambler this place was great.	
Dec 15 2008 	Great Value	Stayed here during a very popular time - but we were able to priceline it for $120 + tax for a Saturday night. Beautiful hotel - amazing room decor and amazing view. The room was very modern and absolutely amazing. Jacuzzi tub, separate shower, marble/granite. Huge flatscreenTV. All rooms come with a king size bed and sofa bed. King bed was amazingly comfortable and the sofa bed was also very comfortable according to my brother. Room also has a kitchenette with microwave, stovetop, etc so would be useful if you don't want to eat out for every meal. Dishes provided. Hotel is slightly off the strip so don't expect to be in the middle of all the action. No gambling in hotel. About a 5 minute walk to the strip - but sort of a dark/long road to walk down at night. This will probably change in a few years once the plot of land in front of the hotel is developed along the strip. I had minimal interaction with the staff - front desk person was thorough and accommodating. Valet car service was very slow but may have just been the time of day. Valet car service was $14 and there is no official self-parking. They say that you can park across the street in the mall but we saw a car ticketed so decided just to valet it.	
Dec 14 2008 	wonderfully suprised!	My hubby and I booked on hotwire.com and thought we would be getting a room at the Wynn or Venetian. We live in Vegas and we were just getting out for a night when we had family in town to baby-sit. We were dissapointed at first but...when we got there we were blown away.There is only valet service no park yourself which we weren't expecting, plus there are no ATMs in side. Our room was georgous. Very clean huge tub with jets beautiful view, and very quite. There is no casino in the hotel which was perfect for us. The whole place is beautiful from top to bottom. The only problem I had was that the bed was too soft but that is only my preferance my husband was fine.	
Dec 12 2008	Luxury Living - A home from Home	For us this hotel had everything, we were in Las Vegas to see the sights, the Hoover Dam and the Grand Canyon. The Hotel is just off the strip but only a short cab ride or 10 minute walk from most of the casinos, the Trump does not have a casino, but this was a plus for us, we were not interested in gambling every day. We just wanted a comfortable base and the Trump was very comfortable.The hotel has a nice reception area, most if the staff were friendly; all the staff were helpful and professional. (just one maid who did not clean the room very well on one of the days, so she did not get a tip) Generally we felt very welcome throughout our stay.The bar was nice; the gentleman serving on the bar was very attentive to everyone, very professional, even got to try a few new drinks.There was a nice gym and swimming pool, the area was clean and tidy with a good selection of sun loungers with a plentiful supply of towels.We did have a small problem with the room when we first checked in, I have a feeling some previous guests had trashed the room. (The room itself was fantastic but there was a smell of damp.) We spoke to reception, there was no quibble, and they could not have been more apologetic, they told us that the carpets had been washed and this maybe the problem.They asked us if we would mind moving and said they would upgrade us to a suite by way of apology.The suite was fantastic, it had every amenity, kitchen with cooker, freezer, and dishwasher, bar area and dining/sitting areas, plasma type screens in both the dinning and bedroom. The bed was very comfortable, my partner and myself had a great nights sleep, the air conditioning was great throughout the property.The bathroom was fantastic, to our amusement there was a television inset into the bathroom mirror, there were plenty of fluffy towels, dressing gowns and slippers, his and hers sinks, whirlpool bath. The whole property was well maintained.The staff on the door were great, always happy to help, calling taxis or giving advice, looking after luggage etc.The only negative is that the railway line runs quite close to the hotel and the trains blast their whistle/horn while going through the level crossing. This could be disturbing to some. The hotel is just across the road from the mall, so a shopper’s paradise and if you love your food there are plenty of places to eat nearby. The hotel does have its own restaurant but we did not use this.We felt this we received great value at this accommodation, I would certainly return and do recommend this accommodation to my friends.	
Dec 11 2008	Sinfully delightful stay in Sin City	I booked this hotel from Hotwire. And when i discovered it was the Trump International I checked some reviews. I was concerned that some of them described this hotel as less than 5 stars.Anyways, here are my thoughts. The headline is: this is definitely worthy of a 5 star rating.1. Staff. Extremely friendly and helpful. The best I have experienced in my travels elsewhere2. Room and public areas: I was upgraded to a one bedroom. The room was stunning. On the 58th floor. In perfect condition. The kitchen made me envious of all the appliances.3. Location: a bit off the Strip. And if you WALK -- be careful, there are no sidewalks. A real safety issue. But the Fashion Show Mall is right across the street.All in all a great stay for the price.	
Dec 8 2008 	Good Value for Rooms but Don’t Expect Vegas Like You Know It	I don’t usually write reviews on this site, however, after having stayed last weekend at Trump Las Vegas, I felt the need to add my two cents on this hotel. Let me also say that I travel to Vegas quite often and have stayed at every high end hotel/ condo-hotel in the city, so a lot of my opinions are based on comparisons to other places one can stay in the city.Pros:The rooms at Trump are quite nice. At check-in there was a mix up with my reservation, and even though the delay was only minutes, the very nice front desk agent upgraded me to a one-bedroom suite. This room was massive and beautiful. The master bathroom (there were 2 full ones, not just 1 and ½) had a two-person shower, two-person whirlpool tub, double sinks (with in mirror TV), and even a full desk! The bedroom was equally luxurious with ample closet space, a 32-inch HDTV, and a very comfortable bed. Frankly, there is little not to like about these rooms – with the notable exception of the train noises which can definitely be heard from the northern side of the building.In addition, room service at Trump had some excellent food (though the late-night selection was very limited). There also are house cars available most of the time to take you around the strip/ to the airport – which is a very welcome alternative to taking taxis around Vegas, and something that very few hotels in Vegas offer to all guests (the Four Seasons is the only other place I know of that does). The service here tends to also be pretty good, despite there being clearly less people working here than probably should at a hotel of this size.Cons:There isn’t really anything happening ever at this hotel. Since there is no casino here, after 11 PM the whole place is basically a ghost town. To me, that in and of itself isn’t so much of a problem, but it has caused many visitors to Vegas to think twice about staying here, so, that has hurt their business and caused the hotel to make some major cutbacks. Really though, my major complaints about the hotel are as follows:1) There isn’t a mini-bar in the room. This, despite that the hotel website saying they have them is a big flaw. What this means is that if at 11:30 PM you want a drink you have to either call room service or walk to the nearest hotel with a bar open (Wynn). 2) They don’t have an ATM onsite. Once again, this means that if you want cash you have to either walk to the Wynn, or you can take out up to $200 per stay off of the credit card used for your room, however, this costs a 4% service charge. In addition, despite the hotel saying in their guest literature that they cash personal checks up to $250 per stay, they don’t. Summary:So, do I like Trump? I don’t know. Given that the rates there are very competitive for the standards of rooms they are offering, I’d say yes. However, if you don’t come to Vegas often, or simply want to experience what the town is known for, this isn’t the place for you. But if you’re there to work and want a nice room for a very good price, then yes, Trump may be a good choice for you.	
Dec 3 2008 	How did they EVER get a 5 star rating?!??	My girlfriends and I haven't traveled together since our kids were born and were excited about a weekend reunion at a 5 star hotel. Expecting to be pampered by great accommodations and customer service we were appalled by how we were treated during our stay and afterwards.We arrived on a Friday evening and called from dinner to have the sofa bed turned down for us. (All the standard rooms all come with one king and a sofa bed. Since I was sick during my visit, I opted to sleep in a separate bed. Since they have no rooms with two doubles, that left one us to the sofa bed.) When we arrived back from dinner 2 hours later, the sofa bed had yet to be made up. Several additional calls later, someone from housekeeping finally came. Unfortunately, she made the bed wrong and did not give us a sheet - which meant I was forced to sleep with the comforter directly against me, which is kind of gross, considering they don't generally wash those things. We were too tired to try to call housekeeping again and I wasn't sure if that was just the way they made up beds at this hotel. I should have known better. Every time we called housekeeping we were automatically put on hold and eventually had to connect through the front desk. Needless to say, I didn't sleep that well. The bed was bowly and lumpy - but what can you expect from a sofa bed, I suppose.On Saturday, we left our room at around 11:00am and called housekeeping again to have our room made up. When we came back to our room at 3:30pm, no one had come. Once again we had to go through a song and dance to get someone from housekeeping. Someone finally came at 5:30pm. When we came back from dinner around 10:30 - surprise, surprise our room had not been turned down. Given that I was sick and running a fever, having to wait for housekeeping yet again to go to bed really stunk. After a few more calls, the floor manager finally arrived to convert our sofa bed and acknowledged that the sofabed had been totally made up wrong. She apologized and said that the hotel's occupancy rate for that night was the highest it had been since the hotel opened. I gotta tell you - that's no excuse. Rooms are booked in advance. Staff up, people.Sunday morning when we went to shower, we realized that housekeeping had not even touched/cleaned the shower area. Our shampoos and soaps had not been refreshed, and there was hair in the drain from the day before. When we checked out on Sunday, I complained at the front desk, Peter was sympathetic and offered to comp the meals that we had charged to the room, which I appreciated. He also offered an upgrade on our next visit. Given that I booked through hotwire and prepaid the room, there was nothing he could do in that department. When we were at the airport, my friend who was staying with me realized she left her ipod charger in the room. She spoke with Peter and he assured her that it would be sent out to her. It is now 1 month later, and she has had to call the hotel almost every other day to track it down. She was passed between the front desk, security, shipping...and everyone had a different answer as to where the charger is. She was told several times that it had been shipped. She was also told that UPS wouldn't accept it because they couldn't spell the work &quot;Patriot&quot; which was part of the address. She was even asked for her credit card number on several occasions, even though it was made clear to us that the cost of shipping would be covered by the hotel. Just today, they admitted to finding the charger which was lost (guess it wasn't really sent like she was told) and said that it was being sent to &quot;shipping.&quot; Needless to say, we are not holding our breath. I was shocked at the lack of respect given to us as customers. I definitely expected more from them. We will not be back free upgrade or not. I would not recommend staying here to anyone. So much to feeling pampered.	
Nov 25 2008 	Not a 5 Star Property	Hello everybody. I booked the Trump under a blind bid with Priceline in the hopes of staying at The Venetian or The Pallazzo. Those hotels are at the very core of Las Vegas action today.The Trump is a lovely hotel with friendly service, but it is not close to a 5 Star property given the lack of amenities that make a property warrant so high a rating. Since the Trump is new, it had very clean, fresh rooms. We were provided a south strip view on th 59th floor....very lovely..., and the room was lovely too. The Bathroom was exceptional, neither the fresh newness, nor the excepional bathroom merited 5 Star status. Sorry to say, but this is a 3.5 star hotel at best, and perhaps less than that given Vegas standards of opulence.A word on the Train. I requested a room which might be spared th noise. I was told I had such a room. Alas, nothing breaks loud noises late at night. I wonder whether other hotels on the west side of the strip suffer the same troubles?	
Nov 24 2008 	Nice quiet hotel some things missing	Just got back from my stay at the Trump. We were very happy with our room. I would prefer not to stay there again, but my boyfriend said he would stay there again. He likes quieter places but I enjoy a little more action. I thought the location was good. Basically it's on the strip just across from the Wynn hotel (you can walk there in 5-10 minutes). The mall is about a 1 minute walk and you can find Starbucks and everything else that the hotel doesn't offer there. Gorgeous entry and completely quiet. We didn't have any train noise, but we were facing the strip. A few things bothered me: no cotton balls or Q-tips in the bathroom; large tub but no bubble bath or even shower gel (only bar soap); no tea in room; no place to grab a quick bite only fancy restaurant; and totally lame at night. I also wish they offered bottle water or at least vending machine to buy water in the ice room. The room was beautiful, the bed was comfy, the bathroom was gorgeous and for $120/night we were happy with it. I would consider staying there again if it was a good deal (and the Wynn or Palazzo was not available) because it was clean and didn't stink of smoke. Hopefully they are still working out some of these kinks. Overall a good experience. Worth if it if you go on Priceline and get it for cheap.	
Nov 23 2008 	Almost an exceptional experience...	We stayed at the Trump International Hotel for a weekend trip in September. I originally was a bit skeptical about the hotel before our arrival because I knew it had no casino or buffet, and that it was slightly off the Strip. Fortunately, it turned out to be an amazing place for us. First, the hotel's pool was just great because it was relaxing and quiet, and it wasn't crowded with families like the other Strip hotels. Second, the service in the hotel was exceptional, and even though we arrived early for check-in, they had a room ready for us. Third, the room exceeded my expectation. (Where else have you seen a TV in the bathroom mirror?) And, fourth, even though we love the Vegas buffets, we were delighted by the DJT restaurant in the lobby because we did not have to wait in a long line and the food was great.I would have rated this hotel 'Excellent' had it not been for the train running by early in the morning, but I only heard it in the morning, so it did not disrupt my sleep. I will definitely stay there again.	
Nov 19 2008 	Lives up to expectation	Stayed at the Trump for two nights on the way back from a business trip in L.A. and it was excellent. Off the strip a little bit means its nice and quiet but you can be walking through the Wynn's casino doors in 5 mins just down the road if you're desperate to loose some more cash. Rooms are superb, beautifully furnished, bathrooms top notch. some teethign problems checking in but I guess this hotel hadn't been open very long so not surprising.Good pool area and again pretty quiet. Hotel is very clsoe to a very classy mall and there are plenty of places to eat/drink nearby.If you want respite in Vegas from the underground car park casino floors then stay here!	
Nov 18 2008 	The ONLY 5-star with an all-night train! UGH!	We were interested to see what this one would be like and loved the $109 Priceline deal we got. The check-in was great - place was practically empty. We liked being off the strip but close enough to walk. The room was beautiful; bathroom was super; but here's the deal: I was awakened at least once an hour all night long by loud long train horns, intermingled with sirens of emergency &amp; police vehicles. It was truly horrible. We were on the 37th floor, overlooking the strip to South, but the train tracks issue was an incredible detraction from what would have otherwise been a fine stay. What in the hell could Trump have been thinking to build this on a train track and not soundproof the rooms/windows? I'd never stay there again, no matter the deal. I kind of like to sleep a little at night. Sigh.	
Nov 12 2008 	Excellent hotel in any city but Vegas. (Use Priceline ~ $150)	This hotel itself is very nice. The train is not as bad as people in some of the reviews let on. If you are a light sleeper, just don't go to Vegas. I personally fell asleep with the tv on and only woke up b/c I had so much to do in Vegas. The bathroom is one of the best. But watch out for the glass doors in the bathroom. They could have put as much thought into them as they did to most of the drawers in the room as the glass doors slam quite easily. I rate the hotel above avg as a hotel in itself. However, this is not a hotel for those of us who want to be close to the action. Do not stay here for your first trip to Vegas. There is no shuttle at this hotel. Not even one to the airport. The room has a fridge, tons of drawers, microwave, hd lcd tv that swivels on an arm, &quot;kitchen&quot; sink, phones all over (even in the bathroom) and a small tv in the mirror of the bathroom that you can watch while taking a nice bath in the jacuzzi. The room service menu is pretty limited and be sure not go order drinks when you order. I got the same thing twice for room service, once with a sprite and a coke and once without. The price difference was almost $20! It seemed like I was overcharged but I lost the receipt and paid in cash, so I didn't bother to dispute it although I should have. Go to the ABC store in the Fashion Show Mall across the street and put the fridge to good use. Checking in and checking out was fast as there aren't too many people staying here. The rooms were very clean and the whole hotel smelled very nice. The elevators are super fast so don't worry about staying in a room at a high level. My main gripe I have other than location is that everything here costs you. The wireless internet is $12/day; the internet access on the business center computer is $5.95/15minutes! And the fitness room costs $22/day! This is ridiculous if you ask me. Anyhow, if this hotel were further away from strip or in any other city, I would have given it an excellent rating. It is close enough to the strip to aggravate you with the walk b/c there is no shuttle to anywhere. And everything here costs a fortune except the price to stay here.	
Nov 12 2008	Be prepared to wait for your room	We had requested a 12:30pm check in and arrived at 2:20pm (official check-in time is at 3:00pm). Our room was not ready since they &quot;were full last night.&quot; To me, whether or not they were full does not matter to me; it's up to their management to ensure that rooms are ready for the guests on time. It was then that we noticed that the lobby/lounge area was completely full of people waiting for their rooms. We were given an option to wait (for an unspecified amount of time) for the room or leave our bags with the bellhop (for tip). We were not offered any compensation until we checked back (they waived the $14/day valet fee). Only after my friend was on the phone with them for nearly a full hour, did we get the keys to the room at around 3:30pm, but everyone else was still waiting for their rooms; some since Noon! When we went back out around 4:15pm, the same people were still waiting. At around 6:15pm, even more people were waiting both in the check-in line and in the lobby/lounge! This is not the way that anyone wants to begin a vacation.There is also a fee for smoking in the room. I don't smoke, but apparently the people in the adjoining room do, so the doorway area and our room kept smelling of smoke, so I had to call reception/security about it. Nevermind, the odor when it was promised to be smokefree.Reviews had talked about the long wait for the valet (for us 15 minutes at an off-peak time), so we opted for cabs at peak times. However, the queue for the cabs so we crossed the street to Nordstrom to get a cab there instead. At time of checkout, they had the valet fee on the bill, which I had to remind them that they'd promised to waive. All in all, the hotel ended up being the sole source of stress during our vacation. The room was almost identical to the MGM Signature. I would highly recommend staying at the MGM Signature instead -- the Signature is very relaxing and so much more better managed.	
Nov 10 2008 	Husband/Wife review of Trump Int'l Las Vegas	Husband and wife stayed at the Trump Int'l in Vegas from 3 nights.If you are looking for a peaceful respite a very short distance from the craziness of the Vegas strip (husband), this is the perfect place to stay. If you want to be in the middle of the frenzy (wife) this is not the place to stay. Note there is no casino at this hotel.Husband is frugal and appreciated the great value provided by booking this 5-star hotel with an online discounter (Hotwire). The hotel is a short walk from the action on the Vegas strip. Husband believes the fun is not at the destination, the fun is in the journey. Going from Trump to the strip: Jaywalk across street, cut through Nordtrom's(Fashion Mall), go through food court, cut through Neiman Marcus, across outdoor walking bridge, down escalator, through casino, up escalator, ride casino tram. Really only a 15-20 minute adventure and a good way for husband to work off a few calories. Wife doesn't need to work off calories and not thrilled about walking in dress and heels.Positives: A very nice hassle free hotel. Check in was easy. Rooms are huge and very nice. Pool and sundeck are great and very low key. Fitness room was well equipped but a bit on the drab side. I would have expected more in this area from Trump for the $22/day fee. Negatives: At certain times of day there were a lot of people trying to catch cabs. The hotel staff didn't manage the cab line very well and there was too much confusion with this.Overall summary: Great value if you want some peace and quiet and don't mind a bit of walking and no on-site casino.	
Nov 10 2008 	Great hotel - but not for Las Vegan fun!!	Trump towers is a great hotel. It's very clean, the rooms are great, the people are friendly. if you are looking for a quiet time in Las Vegas this is a great option.it is right across from the fashilon Ave mall so you can definitely do a lot of shopping.having said that, you are not near the strip. Even walking to Wynn takes at least 10-15 min. It's not the true Vegas experience being here. There are no casinos or bars or fancy restaurants. For a true vegas experience, I would definitely not recommend this hotel. But if you are looking for a bit of quiet, a lot of shopping, and a quiet time, then this is the choice.	
Nov 3 2008 	Spectacular!	The Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Las Vegas was impressive, both in style and service. Service at the registration desk and the valet service was very satisfactory. The room was spacious, clean, well appointed, with neutral shades and contemporary decor. Be aware that there is an automatic $15 valet charge to your room, as well as a $22/person charge for use of the health club. We were not informed of either at check-in.Since we are not adverse to walking, nor are we serious gamblers, we did not care that the Hotel &amp; Tower is actually not on the strip, and that it does not have a casino. Across the street from the Hotel entrance is the Fashion Show Mall however, Nordstrom's north doors, to be exact. This is very convenient for shopping, eating, etc.	
Oct 30 2008 	Think twice but price was right	We put in a five star request with priceline (name your own price section). Trump took our price $40.00 below per day what they were asking on their website. Since we wanted a five star, we expected the hotel to pay attention to details.....Trump did not in our view. We checked into our room and there was a used bottle of conditioner in the shower. There were no bathrobes in the closet either (they are supposed to have them in the room, the hangar was in the closet but empty). I will admit the staff corrected these problems but they should not have occurred. Our door key was not programmed to open the pool doors...had to get a new one. There was blue painter's tape in three places on the ceiling. One of the mornings, our used coffee packet of regular was replaced with decaffeinated by housekeeping (so we had two decaf). Had to call the next morning when we saw this to have regular brought to the room. Q-tips were never replaced by housekeeping. The hotel is about a quarter mile off the strip and the sidewalks stop half way there. No walkway to the fashion mall right across the street (we jaywalked). There were not too many people staying at the hotel so the pool was quiet. We enjoyed the pool, though it is just a square pool no deeper than 4 feet. ****This is very important: The hotel is right next to the train tracks. Expect 2am and 4am wake up calls from the train's whistle.On a plus side, the bathroom is very spacious and the marble is nice. Two rooms share a foyer with an additional door to the hallway so you dont hear hallway noise. There was no 5 star hotel close to what we paid, but I would expect more from a hotel still that is rated 5 stars.	
Oct 26 2008 	Very nice rooms	Really big rooms with very comfortable beds. Awesome bath robes which were so comfortable. Amazing jacuzzi bathtubs that fit 2 fully grown people. Only thing is the location which is set back from the strip. Involves a bit of walking so not great for wearing heels. Opposite the mall though which is convenient for a spot of shopping.Pool is great with lovely sun loungers. Service depends on what time you hang out there.Tip for anyone choosing to stay here - ABC shop in the mall is the only place close buy where you can buy water, snacks etc.	
Oct 24 2008 	Wonderful rooms	The room was fantastic. We were on the 38th floor and the view was great. The bathroom was brilliant with a massive jacuzzi bath with TV built into the bathroom mirror. The room had a fully equipped kitchen.We were greeted with a bottle of cold water each upon checking in and a very friendly receptionist named Kim. I was most impressed and would stay there again, especially since ther was NO casino and the hotel in smokefree. The pool is also great too with fantastic loungers and double loungers for couples.....Location wise it's right across the road from the Fashion Show mall and it's only a very short walk to get onto the Strip. We loved this place and would definately stay there again.	
Oct 19 2008 	Wonderful hotel	Having stayed many times in Las Vegas on business this was my first trip with my wife for a vacation.I wanted a non casino hotel which was quality and this was certainly what Trump gave us.The standard of hotel in general is superb, the suite that we had was excellent with every facility necessary.The staff were friendly and helpful in every way requested.The hotel is quiet being a non casino premises but is a short stroll from the main &quot;drag&quot; and opposite an extensive shopping mall.The only meals that we had in the hotel were breakfasts, the quality was good but as can be expected of an hotel of this standard not particularly cheap.Overall a very satisfactory experience and I have no hesitation in recommending it.	
Oct 6 2008 	BE WARNED! In no way fun for the typical Visitor!	First, Didn't realize this was a condo building with Trumps name on it? Although they rent these units out as hotel rooms, this is in no way a typical Vegas Hotel. They should have left it as a condo building for residents only &amp; not opened it to the typical tourist. The overall feel is like visiting your old grandmother on Park Ave: a high-end unit to sleep only &amp; find any reason to get out! Simply nothing to do!Although this just might appeal to the older crowds? Meaning: it's smoke-free, non-gaming, &amp; extremely quite. (except the train honking at all hours of the night). Like every other hotel I have stayed at in Vegas they have endless amenities to keep you from visiting the next hotel. Don't expect a cab to be waiting outside when you decide to go out (OFTEN). There is no cab stand. This hotel isn't on the strip so you will need to walk about 10mins to the nearest hotel. And if you drive, expect a mandatory $14 parking fee. (no-self parking)!So some more of my frustrations &amp; lack of amenities. Only two front desk clerks so check-in took&gt;30mins. Room was spacious with a kitchenette but had no mini bar? So this hotel has over 1200 rooms but only one restaurant/bar, &amp; located in a museum like lobby? Which was very very quite! Oh and it doesn't stay open late. And forget about room service as it wasn't available after 1am? The only attractions are the pool area &amp; spa/fitness room. The one &amp; only pool is very basic &amp; small, but did include a lounge area with bar &amp; tvs. Again very quite &amp; lack of people? Finally the fitness center. Nice cardio machines but limited weight machines &amp; free weights. Oh, &amp; it's $22! (with an empty frig &amp; empty water cooler). Very annoying not to have water when working out. The spa didn't open until 9am so had to walk down the hall to get water from a warm water fountain. Like every hotel I have been too in Vegas there was always excitement in some way. Of all places, Circus Circus could do a better job of entertaining, seriously! If you're into extreme quite, very few people to see/be seen, &amp; lack of amenities, give it a try. Don't say you weren't warned if you do stay here &amp; ask yourself &quot;Am I in Vegas?&quot; _____________________________________	
Oct 4 2008 	Is this really a 5 Star?	The Trump Tower shines like a beacon when you get on the strip going north from the airport. That may have been the best part. It is located on the north side of the Fashion Show Mall. There is nothing else out there so it sits in the middle of ugly. We were told the construction in that area has been halted because of the economy.The lobby is large but empty and austere. Not at all welcoming. The employees were all very nice.We booked through Priceline and were bidding on a 5 Star hotel. We expected the Venetiian or the like. When we were told it was the Trump Tower we were shocked because there is no casino, live music or any type of entertainment. It's like a morgue.Plan on paying an extra $15 a day for valet. They offer no self park.We paid $121.00 per night plus the $15. We could have booked right through the Trump for $159. So no big deal in savings there.We chose the 17th floor. That is where the rooms start. If you go there, choose a higher floor or you will have a very limited view.The room was very nice with a well appointed kitchen. However there is no table to sit and drink a cup of coffee at. The bathroom is devine and the spa tub is luxurious.All rooms are suites and have one king bed and one queen sleeper. There were three of us so one of us had to sleep on the sofa sleeper. Yuk! This is not 5 star business! The king bed was as hard as a rock.The place seems deserted. There seemed to be only one other guest on our floor the whole time we were there. I can't imagine this place staying in business.If you gamble, go to Tuscany it is fun and you can win. Also, go to the Wynn. We earned 4 free buffets there for very little money. The food was wonderful.I would not stay at the Trump again.	
Oct 2 2008 	Great stay at this fabulous hotel!	My husband and I booked this hotel through Hotwire and were unsure of how we would like the property when we got there after staying for 2 nights previously at Caesars. I had stayed before at the Trump Tower in Atlantic City and remembered a lot of gaudy gold surroundings, but not much else other than the clean room. We were pleasantly surprised when we got to the Trump Tower, especially for the price ($144 per night)! First of all, the hotel is brand new and not crowded, unlike some other hotels on the Strip. The service from the moment we stepped out of the taxi was excellent from the doormen to the front desk to room service. Our room was great and I generally consider myself picky. The bathrooms are fantastic with a nice shower, a large tub, and a TV in the mirror on the vanity. The room itself has nice furnishings and was very comfortable -- even for a pregnant woman like me! The pool was a nice break from screaming revelers and children at other hotels. Most of the lounges had sun shades and the bar and wait staff were very attentive in terms of bringing out food and drinks promptly. Our room service order was delivered within 15 minutes of ordering it and was delicious. I also appreciated a reprieve from all of the smoking at the other casinos. There are some things to consider depending on what type of Las Vegas experience you are looking for:1. There is no casino which my husband and I are fine with since we are not big gamblers, but if you came to gamble you might not enjoy it so much (or at all). The Wynn is a very easy 10 minute walk from the hotel. It might seem farther than it is when you first come down the street. 2. Extremely limited shopping and restaurants in the hotel itself. The Fashion Show Mall is directly across the street though.3. Room service menu is limited.4. Some of the amenities are limited, perhaps because the hotel is relatively new? I asked for bubble bath since the tubs in the rooms are perfect for relaxation, but they did not have any. The Front Desk said that this is a common request and that they would be correcting it within the next month.5. I did hear the train once in the middle of the night that some previous people had written about, but I personally thought it was no big deal. We were on the 27th floor facing the Strip so maybe location does matter?Overall our experience was outstanding, considering we paid 4X what we paid for this room at Caesars for the same level of room quality. If you are looking for a different Las Vegas experience outside of the standard casino/hotel fair and do not mind staying away from the action, I really do recommend the Trump.	
Sep 28 2008 	Above Average But Not For The Average.	My wife and I stayed at the Trump Tower, Las Vegas for a week long work conference at nearby Wynn. Although the rooms were rather exquisite, the extra charges for average amenities were outrageous! A daily charge for Wi-fi usage, a daily charge for gym equipment usage, etc., (standard inclusions provided at much simpler hotels) kept us from thoroughly enjoying our surroundings and relaxing (also, not noted as requiring an additional surcharge on their website). After visiting many of the other casinos/hotels within a one block radius, we noticed the lack of atmosphere at the Trump and could only summarize it to be just &quot;another expensive hotel&quot;. A side note - our camera was held for us at the bell desk overnight and found to have additional photographs upon check out the following morning.	
Sep 26 2008 	Luxurious....but a couple of problems....	We stayed in the Trump for 3 nights and were very impressed with the luxury of our room. The jacuzzi bath was fabulous and the room was spacious and very well decorated. There is no casino or restaurant in the Trump which could be a problem if you want the whole Las Vegas atmosphere in your hotel. However, we were quite happy to go to the other hotels for rthat and come back to the peace of the Trump. You also have to pay extra to use the gym.The location isn't great. It's at the far end of the strip and it takes a fair while to walk to the major hotels and casinos. I didn't think this would be a problem but walking long distances in the heat isn't much fun. There are lots of taxis around though should you wish to use them.Our major problem with our room was the noise of a freight train blaring its horn throughout the night. Myself and my husband woke up everytime it sounded, which was on the hour from 3am. We asked to be moved and were relocated to the other side of the hotel facing the strip. This was much quieter. It was odd that we had been allocated the room in the first place as the hotel was not full and the receptionist was very aware of the rooms which were most affected by the horrendous noise.So, overall a fabulous, luxurious hotel aside from the location &amp; that train!	
Sep 25 2008 	An Escape from the Smoke	My girlfriends and I got a steal on Hotwire for this lovely property. We had all been to Vegas numerous times before and wanted to relax after shows,shopping, playing tourist, and dancing! We loved that there was no smoke anywhere. Everything was high end. If you love Sur La Table , Crate and Barrel, Le Creuset, Wolf and Subzero appliances and spa baths, this is a sanctuary. And it is even sweeter with the price. The tubs are no joke. They are huge and go straight down - no half angled tub with weak jets but first class all the way. It is not over the top like the Venetian. The Trump is understated, modern and elegant yet functional. My complaint: parking and mandatory valet was slow and pretty steep. At the end of it,, though, It was a great place to recharge. ***** We had to move rooms since a train was honking loudly at 3am. Get a high floor . . we moved from 22 to 40 something***	
Sep 25 2008 	Trump is an Oasis in Vegas	The Trump International is an oasis in the middle of the craziness of Las Vegas.The room was spacious and had a king sized bed on one end, the usual desk along the wall, and a lovely sitting area including a comfortable sofa, two large chairs and a coffee table overlooking the Las Vegas strip. The other size of the room had a sink (complete with garbage disposal unit), stove top, microwave and refrigerator. Cutlery, dishes, and glasses were of a superior quality, as was the toaster, blender, salad spinner, and coffee maker.The cupboard and drawer space was extremely generous and still has that &quot;new hotel&quot; smell about it.The shelving units had tasteful geegaws for decoration and lovely picture books on display.The bathroom itself I could pages about. From the marble flooring, private toilet stall, oversized shower, TV in the mirror, and decadent bathtub, this is one of the most luxurious bathrooms ever. The shower gel, shampoo and conditioner all had a subtle pleasant smell and was nice enough that I used it instead my usual stuff.The pool deck had a bit of a feel of unfinished business with the empty plant pots near the pool, but the lounge chairs and pool side mini-cabana-sofas were lovely and extremely comfortable. I thought it would have been nice to be served a drink pool side, but no staff seemed to be available.I had a massage at the Trump spa, and this was worth every penny. The staff are very friendly and professional, and the spa area a real escape into total bliss.Only two negatives about my stay at the Trump. The first is the housekeeping staff was slow to service my room on my second day, and required me to phone twice to get service. Once they finished with my room, I still had to call down to have the coffee, tea and tissue refilled. This was rectified, but they still forgot the tea.The second, is the room service was prompt and friendly, and the food delicious, with the exception of a fruit plate that was served with fuzzy blackberries. Apologies were made, and the charge reversed with no problem.I would highly recommend the Trump International to anyone who wants to relax away from the insanity and crowds of Las Vegas Boulevard, and enjoy a peaceful non-smoking environment, with attentive and kind hearted staff. The Trump is still close enough to the Strip to take part of the tourist stuff, and has the Fashion Mall directly across the street.	
Sep 23 2008	Dump International - STAY AWAY!!	The bad reviews posted before about this property are true. In fact, my experience was worse. The location is terrible. It's about a five minute walk from the hotel to the Strip, but that's not the worst part. The road leading to the hotel, Fashion Show Drive, only has a sidewalk on one side of the street (the other only has a partial sidewalk) and at night the road is dark with heavy traffic. Good luck crossing! LIke I said before, about a five minute walk each way, but if you leave the hotel twice a day, that's 20 minutes walking to and from this place down that crappy road. It would be a BIG problem for the elderly or someone who had trouble walking. The location keeps you away from noise from the Strip but you'll have to deal with a LOUD train whistle. More on that later.Next is the pool area. It's a complete BORE. Just a rectangular pool, small in size, with no hot tubs.Next is the train noise. It is LOUD and very annoying. I had a room on the 56th floor and it sounded very loud. And here's the best part, it comes very early in the morning. Hoo-boy!Other problems with the place include an improperly installed shower door and a screwed up t.v. menu but the biggest problem was there was no housekeeping for the first night of my stay. That's despite the fact that I had called down to the front desk at 3:00 to tell them that the room hadn't been cleaned. I was assured that someone would be up to clean the room within a short time but when I got back around 11:30, the room still hadn't been cleaned. I called the front desk AGAIN and was put on hold for 10 minutes. I went down to talk to the hotel manager and was told that somehow I was to blame for this incredibly bad lapse in basic hotel care because I may have had the Do Not Disturb light turned on (I did not). After requesting they comp me for a night's stay which was denied, the maid finally came up about 15 minutes late. She then took 20 minutes to noisily clean my room and finished up around 12:45. Does this sound like a five star hotel to you? Me neither. The room was cleaned the next two night but I hardly feel privileged that my room was cleaned like it should. If it was a cheap hotel, I wouldn't be so surprised. But this was supposed to be a luxury property. What a joke.One last goody was a bill for $221 showing up on my account. That was explained as &quot;you shouldn't have seen that&quot;. Oh great. Some nice things were the jacuzzi in the bathroom and the t.v. built into the mirror, but the negatives of this overpriced dump far out way the few pluses.	
Sep 23 2008 	Not As Bad As Reviews Claim	I travelled to Vegas with 2 female family members and stayed at the Trump. We all agree that the hotel was nice although well off the strip.The pool is fabulous. It's not what you would expect from a Vegas hotel, no crowds, high priced chair rentals, people fighting for the same space or big boobs everywhere. There were barely 10 people at the pool at any given time, they have great round 2 person lounge chairs with sun covers, the standard lounge chairs, pool floaties and also loungers in the pool. There are cabana's but they haven't completed them yet and 2 hot tubs.The room was good, nothing fantastic though. The huge bathroom with 2 sinks was great for 3 ladies all trying to get ready at the same time. The toilet and shower are enclosed glass areas for a bit of privacy (although see through). The room was made up nicely each day by the staff and we loved the complementary Trump slippers and drawers to keep your toiletries organized!The kitchenette as fine but they didn't have free tea (only coffee) and when the cleaning staff replaced the coffee they only brought decaf. When we asked for tea to be supplied as well as coffee they told us it would be an additional charge for tea. We also had to call and ask for cream, additional bedding, extra hangers, towels and dishes for the 3rd person as it wasn't supplied in the room (although we had made the reservation for 3 people). The staff was accomodating after the call but we shouldn't have to ask for items that should be supplied in the first place.There was a bat in the airconditioning unit a couple nights that was annoying for the first few hours but the train didn't bother us at least. I had read previous reviews about the train so I specified at check in that I wanted a room on the opposite side of the train and on a higher floor. We had room 5803. The view was fabulous (right down the strip toward Mandalay).The walk late at night from the strip (after the Fashion Show mall closes) is on a darker side street with no side walks. A little creepy for 3 ladies.I couple of tips: - Walk through the Fashion Show mall - it's cooler and makes the trip to the strip seem shorter (hours are usually 10am - 9pm) - Nordstrom's across the street has a great cafe on the 3rd floor. Delicious salads, sandwiches and pastas. - Tickets 2nite (discount show and restaurant tickets) is just across from the Wynn in the Fashion Show mall. We arrived at 11:30am and still got great tickets for Mystere's 7000 show. They also have discount buffet passes for Paris - fabulous food! - If you take a taxi from the Trump to Mandalay make sure the cab driver takes Industrial to Frank Sinatra Dr. The price of the trip will be $12 compared to $20 down the highway. - There is an ABC store in the Fashion Show mall to purchase bottled water, milk, booze, candy/snacks, cereals and some toiletry items. We found that quite handy as there was no other convienience stores close to Trump.Although this is my 6th trip to Vegas, I thought the Trump was quite lovely. It's nice to have a smoke free attentive hotel to return to after a long day on the strip. I suppose it's not going to be very popular with partying young adults but it's great if you're older than 35 and like to relax.	
Sep 22 2008 	Fabulous!	My boyfriend and I spent 3 nights at Trump and we were very impressed. It is amazing to be in Vegas and yet stay in a beautiful hotel that has no casino and no smoking permitted. One intriguing thing about this place is the beautiful smell. I think they are pumping the scent of gardenias or jasmine through the place: it is exquisite.We stayed on the 24th floor and did not hear the train even once - We are not heavy sleepers but our room faced the strip - maybe that's the solution for people worried about noise. The air cond unit was noisy until BF turned off the fan: peace. The concierge did a nice job of getting the birthday cake and balloons that I ordered for my boyfriend's birthday up to the room prior to our arrival. The cake was put on a plate with cutlery, etc. Very nice - the BF was surprised and happy.The spa was nice: the staff were very competent and friendly. The pool was quiet but that's ok with us.The breakfast at DJT that we had on our last morning was not really up to par. The potatoes had been sitting on the grill for a long time and were cold. When the server brought a new portion, they were only marginally better. This is really my only criticism.We would definitely stay here again as we enjoyed the quiet and the luxury.	
Sep 21 2008 	Terrible train noise - don't stay here	6 of us stayed 2 nights in 3 rooms. The main problems with this hotel are1) The hotel is right next to a freight train line that goes all night and the soundproofing is totally inadequate 2) rooms vary, especially in size of bathrooms but not in price3) location - it feels quite a walk to anywhere and has views of a construction site We all had serious problems with the train noise. It is not just the trains, it is the blowing of their whistles. A friend described it as &quot;as if the train was coming right into the room&quot;. No one got a full nights sleep. I slept at most 3 hours, listening to trains from at least 2am-5am, and then woke at 7am.The 2nd day I asked to be moved and was initially told this would cost an additional $40 as it was considered an upgrade. When i pointed out I should not have to pay extra just to get a quiet room I could sleep in, the manager was consulted and I was moved withuot charge. However this turned out even worse as the air con unit had some sort of loud droning buzzing noise that was especially loud in the bedroom. It could be heard over the TV. As I had moved rooms quickly before going out for dinner this wasn't apparent until I was in bed late at night and trying to get to sleep. It was so excessively loud I called the front desk. They offered to send someone up to &quot; see what it is and if it could be fixed&quot; but I got the distinct impression this was unlikely. They then agreed to move me but only on the condition I packed all my belongings up and took them. Given it was midnight by this stage and I was incredibly tired, I suggested that they should let me simply move somewhere to sleep but they insisted that my belongings could not be left in my room 'unattended'. Err ....isn't that what happens when you go out during the day? I begged them but the were adamant - pack up to move or stay where you are. I was so exhausted from no sleep the previous night I decided to cram the earplugs in &amp; try to get to sleep. After an hour or so I finally did - apart from trains waking me up twice at 3am and at dawn and then finding the buzzing noise making it very hard to get back to sleep again. Unsurprisingly I was not at my best when I got up the next morning.Other points:Location is an issue as it is at the far end of the Strip and feels further given it is set back down the road. You can cut through the Mall across the road which helps.Room size varies. 2 People got roms with tiny bathrooms with showers over the bath and no shower curtain. If you do stay herea) don't pay too much - there are better options for the priceb) Ask for a quiet room away from the trains and do not accept having to pay extra for the privilegec) use the Mall as the short cut to get anywhereThe only plus is that the rooms are equipped with a kitchenette, including coffee making, fridge, microwave and stove top. I do like being able to make a cup of tea or coffee in the morning.Overall this really spoiled my stay as I was so tired both days I had less energy for walking around and sightseeing, and could barely make it through dinner.	
Sep 12 2008 	Luxurious accommodations and a staff with a “can do” attitude.	This hotel is just far enough away from the hustle and bustle of The Strip. I loved the generous lobby with gorgeous chandeliers and lovely stone. The room was also top notch with a top of the line kitchenette. The bath was large and graciously appointed with a huge two-person whirlpool tub. The linens were really luxurious and the bed was incredibly comfortable. The staff provided truly personalized service. I had a package that had to be boxed and delivered to Chicago ASAP. The staff handled the matter with no hassles and I was able to enjoy my stay.	
Sep 12 2008 	DONT STAY HERE this is NOT a 5 star hotel !!!	HiWe just came back from our vacation in Las Vegas.we booked a 5 star hotel for 2 nights but this is defiantly NOT a 5 star hotel.We found out that this hotel is not rated yet because it was open only 5 month ago and only after 1 year it can be rated.It started with the fact that non of the rooms have 2 beds only one king + sofa bed. When we open the sofa-bed, we found a very very thin and soft mattress with lots of coils sticking out of it in a way that you absolutely cant sleep on it.We asked for another mattress like the one they have on the main bed (which was also too soft ) but they said they can't give us a mattress like that, only another one like the one we have on the sofa bed.I have to say that the staff that we spoke with were not kind at all the only things that they came up with were that they can give us another room but we need to pay for it or that they can help us find another hotel which I explain to them more then 10 times that we already paid for this hotel through Priceline, but they kept suggesting this stupid idea over and over again.Other then that I can just say that the Jacuzzi in the bathroom was really nice until we operate it and found out that it was filthy, lots of dirt came out of the pipes — it was really disgusting.The pool was just a regular rectangular pool with no trees or anything special like you would expect from any hotel in Las Vegas and particular from a 5 star hotel.The location of the hotel wasn't ON the strip. It was on the side street — we had a long walk until we got to the strip. - THIS IS NOT A 5 STAR HOTEL!!!!if you want 5 star hotel you better go to Palazzo or Wynn - both are absolutly a different ligue. really really nice and exclusive, wors every penny.save your money and don't go to this hotel	
Sep 10 2008 	Service at Trump was amazing	Our stay at the Trump hotel was incredible. It is definitely a quieter hotel, I would not recommend it for partiers, but it was so close to the casinos that you could spend all night there and then come back to an amazing room and separate yourself from the craziness of the strip. The staff was part of the reason the stay was so amazing. The bellmen and valets were all so friendly and attentive, I was very impressed by them. They remembered it was my birthday and even sent amazing chocolates to our room. Just keep in mind the drinks at the pool are a little more expensive than you would expect!!	
Sep 6 2008 	Luxuriate away from casinos and smoke	We were concerned by the varied reviews, but booked the Trump and loved it. We would stay here again.For us, it was perfect because we spent the day and some nights out visiting the big casino resorts (Bellagio, Venetian, etc), visiting the Hoover Dam, going to &quot;O&quot; show, etc. but could then slip away to a nice, luxurious hotel with friendly and attentive service at night. The hotel is not right on the strip, but is still very close to Wynn, Treasure Island, etc, so location was fine. This hotel is for you if you want:-Cosmopolitan luxury hotel-Want to visit the casinos but stay somewhere more serene-Don't mind a short walk to the stripThis hotel is NOT for you if you want in your hotel:-Active nightlife in the hotel-Big, over-the-top Las Vegas feel-Casinos in the hotelSo if you're headed to Vegas for heavy partying, gambling, and an &quot;always on&quot; scene, this hotel may disappoint. I'd suggest Bellagio, Mandalay Bay, etc. Especially for a bachelor party-type visit.Also:-Prior reviews indicate lower floors are prone to loud train noise from the train horn. We were on 36th floor is heard the noise but not enough to both or wake us up. So ask for a high floor.-Service does generally seem inconsistent but very friendly and accommodating, so just ask for something you want if you didn't get it.-The hotel charges $14/day valet parking and has no self-parking, which we knew in advance and paid. If you wanted to avoid this fee, you could probably park at the Fashion Show Mall across the street - I think that's free. Most Vegas hotel self-parking is free, when offered.-Regarding the prior review: during our Labor Day stay, it seemed the policy for everyone to show to security their room key when entering the elevator area. We are both light skinned, and we did this each time we entered - it didn't seem intrusive because we needed to get our room key out once we got to the hotel room door, anyway.	
Sep 2 2008 	If you are colored do not stay here.	We were promised a King-size bed but were given a Queen-size bed. When this was reported to the front desk, the response was short. &quot;This is all that we have. Would you like an additional bed?&quot; I had to keep reminding myself that we were supposedly in a 5 star hotel.The service was appalling. The security guard at the entrance to the elevators was extremely rude. During my three night stay, the same guy asked me for my room key three times. On two of those occasions, he ignored other well dressed White gentlemen to ask me. Those occasions embarrassed my wife and me a great deal. We were there on a holiday and to get some relaxation, not to be harrassed by some big bouncer-type guy.Then, we had a poor in-suite dining experience. The waiter dropped a glass of water, broke it but assured us that everything was fine. He then left after which my wife and I found a number of glass pieces. The waiter never came back to clean the mess.This hotel does not warrant a 4 star rating, let alone 5. I don't think I'll be booking into Trump International in the future. There were a number of other Hotels that we visited in Las Vegas that had better staff service. I guess all that glitters is not gold.	
Sep 1 2008 	Nice Rooms but boring hotel.	My wife and I stayed at the new Trump Las Vegas in late August. Overall the Hotel is very nice. The service is good, the lobby is beautiful and the rooms are excellent. Every room is large and comes equipped with a fully functioning kitchen. The bathrooms are great, they have huge showers and jacuzzi tubs. The beds are very very comfortable. The pool was descent size, with lots of chairs, but very boring and uneventful. The location of the Hotel is good. It is a little off the strip, by the Fashion Show Mall across from the Wynn Hotel. The Trump is great, but it has no energy. It would seem like a nice place to stay for a person in Vegas on business or an extended stay. The Trump just does not have any Vegas feel. Staying at the Trump has the same energy of staying at an airport hotel but with high class amenities. I would suggest staying at the Wynn or Venetian instead, the rooms are about the same but the those Hotels have a great Vegas vibe to them. Overall, a great luxury experience but with no sense of enegy.	
Aug 31 2008 	Some improvements required	Room 2817: Toilet seat was broken. Room door and the door from hallway to anteroom did not always close completely if just released without further pushing against the door. In fact, once we came back and noticed the room door was not fully closed after housekeeping (I was able to push it open without the use of the key). In addition the doors are very loud. This also applies to the toilet door and the shower door. Service of housekeeping can be improved (coffee powder was not refilled, blankets for the crib were replaced but not put on). Valet service was quite slow (long waits for the car). Would have liked to be offered a bottle of water during wait (as seen at the MGM Signature last year).	
Aug 29 2008 	Friendly quite and comfortable hotel to stay in Vegas	We stayed at the Trump International for two days at the end of 2 weeks road trip to visit some national parks in that area.I have two reservations with the hotel, one for each night (we first thought that we will only stay here for one night). When I checked in at 2pm in the afternoon, the front-desk guy couldn't find my reservation for that night (he found the reservation for second night). Luckily, I have the reservation printed out, he called Hotels.com, and got it sort out. He was very friendly, and upgraded me to a suite with strip view on high floor for my patience. The lobby is nicely decorated, and very quite compare to other hotels on strip; the room is very clean, and comfortable; the bathroom is amazing, I was impressed by the build-in flat TV on the mirror in bathroom even though I didn't use it much; the pool is good, but the pool at the Bellagio is way better. The people there are very friendly, and service are very good at the hotel. We decided not to have the house keeping work done the first day there, and they called us late in the afternoon to check on that. The wake up call even tells you the weather forecast too (I think it was a real person's voice too, but I could be wrong, since it was in the early morning).I only have two negative things about the hotel: parking and fitness center. I found out there is no self-parking, and it costs you $14 a day to park there. I was trying to use fitness center, and found out that it would cost you $22 to use it. Yup, $22, of course you are allowed to use some spa facilities, but I just want to do some weights :(	
Aug 28 2008 	Dont' stay here	I stayed for 6 nights at the Trump in the middle of August. Comments then review below:Atmosphere:- Has a fancy lobby but seemed to have few guests, few staff and generally felt dead during my 6-nights thereRooms:- very soft, sponge-like beds- nice bathroom, good jacuzzi bath- well appointed with brand-name kitchen appliances - some rooms are very noisy (soundproofing inadequate to mask the freight trains passing by throughout the night)Facilities:- no room service- no bottled water in room (!)- no mini bar in room- expensive internet access- lobby bar is dead- the highly-rated restaurant (DTR) closed in July. Wouldnt surprise me if the whole hotel follows soon- didnt use pool- no smoking throughoutLocation:- very top of strip- opposite fashion show mall which is good for shopping and has a food court- taxis avoid it so you often have to cross the road to get one (and you will always need taxis from this hotel)Review:I used to discount 1 star reviews, but now after writing one I will be sure to read them!This was my first time to Vegas and I expected great things from a Trump-branded hotel. I was let down from the start. When checking in I told reception that I was shattered after flying on two planes for 15 hours to get there. So they put me in room 1613 where the freight trains woke me up every hour or two through the night. Good hotels, at a minimum, guarantee guests good night's sleep; the Trump can't even do that. What's worse is that when I told them I wanted to move rooms there was no apology, just a knowing-expression... considering that the hotel was pretty much empty, why would they even put guests into substandard rooms? To be fair, my new room on the 44th floor almost muted out the trains.Feel like a glass of water during the night? Unlucky no water is provided. Feel like a snack? Unlucky - no room service. In fact there is not even a mini bar. Feel like a good meal in your hotel? Unlucky, the respected restaurant has closed down. Feel like walking somewhere interesting from the hotel? Unlucky - there's only the mall opposite. Cross the road to the mall to get a taxi - they dont go there voluntarily.DONT THINK YOU ARE GETTING A GREAT DEAL BY STAYING HERE - For the same price as a room in the Trump you could take one of the best rooms in one of the strip casinos and actually be in Vegas. You will also get points towards that casino's players club (and may even end up getting your room, shows or food for free). Most importantly you will be in a place which has something going for it..	
Aug 22 2008 	A Little Piece of Quiet	If you want to be able to go downstairs and gamble, this hotel is not for you. There is no casino. However, after three days at the loud, smoky and tourist ridden Bellagio, the Trump was like heaven. There were no crowds, the staff was extraordinarily courteous and helpful, no noise from the casino and no smoke! As a matter of fact, the place smells wonderful. They blow some kind of fresh scent through the vents! We were greeted with cold water and to get to our room, we had to only walk through the lobby. Our room was on the 59th floor with a fabulous view of the south Strip. The room was lovely and clean with a small, fully equipped kitchen. It did not, however, have a minibar, so if thirsty, we had to go to the store in the lobby. I will add the the location is a bit peculiar, and not super handy for walking around (especially in the summer heat), but we had a car,and the valets were very quick, so it was not an issue for us. We took at taxi to the Venetian one night and it was less than $5.00. As stated above, if you are going and want your Vegas experience to be the traditional noisy, crowded, smoky one, you will not like the Trump. However, if you enjoy a respite from the commotion, the Trump is fantastic.	
Aug 19 2008 	Peaceful Oasis!	My wife and I stayed at the Trump from Aug. 8-10 and found the hotel to be beyond our expectations. I had warned her that the hotel had no casino, no choice of restaurants, and was a 5-7 minute walk from the strip, but she still loved it. After spending the day trying to squeeze past crowds in the other hotels and inhaling pungent cigar smoke, it was nice to come back to a hotel that smelled like flowers and was always quiet. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. They will go out of their way to make your stay more enjoyable. Two things to note that we didn't like. First, the pool closes at 6pm which is absolutely ridiculous. It's 95-100 degrees in Vegas all summer. it would be nice to be able to take a swim in the evening to cool off and unwind. Second, it is very convenient to cut through the mall to get to the strip during the day, but at night, when the mall is closed, it can be a little dangerous trying to navigate your way back down the street with cars whizzing by and no consistent path for safety. I hope they address this and build a walkway to the strip for patrons. As for the room itself, it is heaven! The bed is the most comfortable you will find anywhere and the bathroom is a woman's dream! Double marble sinks, a jacuzzi tub, a huge shower, and a separate area for the toilet. Don't forget about the built-in 17&quot; LCD TV in the mirror! The room also has double doors so that hallway noise does not pass into your room..great idea! I must admit that the train that most people complained about does wake you up around 8:30am but it wasn't a big deal for us since we wanted to get up early to take advantage of the day anyway. If you're concerned about it, ask for a room on the highest floor possible or get a strip view room on the other side.	
Aug 12 2008 	Trump International was a super stay!	My wife and I stayed at Trump International from August 4th to August 10th. The hotel was immaculate and the service was great! There was no casino, but the walk to the nearest casino was so small, it didn't matter.  The room was cleaned daily, was beautiful and we had a great view. The bathroom was especially nice. I have nothing negative to say about the Trump International. I would easily stay here again. It is 5 stars all the way! I guess the only small negative is the restaurant in the hotel is a little pricey, but you can eat just minutes away, so that was a non-issue.	
Aug 11 2008	The Donald is being cheap.	My husband and I travel extensively on business throughout the US. We are in Vegas 2-3 times per year for various retail trade shows. We are not smokers or gamblers and thought that Trump Int'l would be perfect for us. Well the room is quite comfortable, however be prepared for the hidden costs. There is no self-parking only Valet thus be prepared to tip constantly. Although the in room kitchen is lovely, complimentary coffee is given to you only once. If you want more coffee, it will cost $6.00 per package which makes 2 cups. Toiletries are only replaced once. Please bring your own shampoo etc. For a five star hotel they are being very cheap. Why give me a sub zero refrigerator and charge me to brew coffee in the room? It doesn't make sense. We have stayed at various hotels on the strip and will not return here. I think the Venetian has better rooms, pool and amenities for the price. Sorry Donald.	
