Sep 23 2009	This Place is a Dump!	I booked this trip through Hotwire for 7 nights with my adult daughter. I'm a big fan of Hotwire and have always been pleased with my hotel stays in the past through them. This place, however, was a different story. Hotwire described this hotel as &quot;North Strip&quot;. Well, it is not on the official strip. It is well north of the Stratosphere. It is actually between downtown and the strip in a very seedy area of Las Vegas. There is an Adult Bookstore across the street and many strip clubs within walking distant of this Econo Lodge. There were homeless and perverted looking people walking around. My daughter and I tried laying out by their tiny pool one afternoon and weird-looking men actually stopped and stared at us. One man (with his beer can in hand) even walked into the parking lot and stood and stared at us and another homeless man pushed his shopping cart onto the hotel property to stare at us. This made us very uncomfortable, so we left the pool area. The hotel is old and broken down. The room was old and dirty with mold in the tile. Our facet was broken. Two days in a row the maid failed to clean our room and we had to call and complain. The ice machine on our side of the hotel never worked. I had to walk across the parking lot to get ice. One night this ice machine would not turn off and ice poured out to the ground. I let the hotel clerk know this and she turned it off. The next night it was doing it again. There was a hugh pile of ice on the parking lot ground. So, they failed to have the ice machine fixed. When I have booked through Hotwire In the past, when I have traveled with my daughter, the hotels we stayed at always let us have two beds at no extra charge. All we had to do was ask. This was not the case with this hotel. The rude hotel clerk stated &quot;if you want two beds that will be an extra $20 a night.&quot; Well with this added cost I could of booked a room in Vegas direct at many hotels that were a lot nicer than this place, and with two beds. This would no longer have been a good deal, and isn't that what Hotwire is all about? It would have been different if the hotel was full, but I don't think this place was ever more than 25% full the whole week. It would of just been good business to have given us the room with two beds at no extra charge. Also, the one bed we did get creaked every time we moved and the mattress was old and sagging. They advertised this as a queen bed, but it was definately a double bed.The weird thing about this place is that the hotel lobby was really nice. It was filled with nice furniture and two big flatscreen TV's. This certainly gives off the wrong image because the rooms are horrible. They have a AAA rating on their sign. I think AAA must have really lowered their standards lately. Hotwire rated this place as a two-star. Well it was not a two-star. I would not even consider this as a one-star. In my opinon it was a &quot;minus one&quot;, and I am not a picky person, I even think Motel 6 is o.k.There was one good thing at this place and that was the free use of their internet in the lobby. They also supplied a printer for guests to print off their information.We did manage to have a good time on this trip since we only spent enough time to sleep and shower at this place. My advice to anyone considering booking a hotel through Hotwire to Las Vegas is &quot;Don't do it&quot;. Hotwire is great for probably any other place on earth. But there are just too many other good hotel deals going on in Vegas right now and you can book direct and know what you are getting into. If you are considering booking direct at this Econo Lodge, please don't do it, there are many other places to stay that are a lot nicer and are still at a bargin rate in Las Vegas.	
Jan 18 2009 	The room had an awful smell	Ok hotel, but the carpeting needs to be cleaned or removed. I was in room 203 which allowed me to have a large porch with some sitting chairs. A good view of Las Vegas Blvd. It's in the area where the wedding chapels are. It's best to have a car, as I always do in Vegas	
Jan 16 2009 	Typical Budget Motel	Overall, this is an OK motel with decent rooms- but you get what you pay for.I stayed at this motel for five nights during the annual CES trade show.This budget chain is located in a shady-looking part of town, about a mile north of the strip, next to a few adult stores. It's definitely not a good area, but doesn't look too unsafe either.I saw three different rooms during this trip. The rooms are sized acceptably, clean, and neat. However, the beds aren't the most comfortable; the air is dry, and the heater is loud.Free continental breakfast and daily newspaper was a nice touch for a cheap motel. However, the advertised free wireless internet is located only near the office. Based on the three rooms I moved around in to find wireless, I estimate less than a third of the rooms will have wi-fi signal. However, the staff were always friendly and willing to help (in switching rooms), and internet is also available at the computers in the office.For the price, I would stay there again. Still, this is not a hotel to vacation at.	
Nov 18 2008 	Fine for a stopover	This Econo Lodge is exactly what its name suggests - a budget motel that offers good value for an overnight stay. The room was clean and comfortable, there was plenty of hot water, free in-room wi-fi, no noise from neighbouring rooms or the parking lot and pleasant staff. A continental breakfast of bagels, packaged muffins, juice and coffee is available in the lobby - not great, but okay.The location is described as the Strip, but in fact it's above the Strip proper and below Downtown. It's handy to know this if you're planning to take a shuttle bus to or from the airport. We had quite a hard time finding a service - and there are many at McCarran - to take us to the hotel. They invariably told us we weren't on their route (there are two: Strip and Downtown). We finally found someone smart enough to realize we were NEAR one of the stops on the Downtown route (Sin City Motel/Hostel, if you need to tell them; it's very close to the Econo Lodge), and they dropped us there. The district around the Econo Lodge isn't the greatest, but we felt perfectly safe walking a block up the street to the Seven Eleven and across to Walgreen's, even around 11 p.m. The Deuce bus stops practically outside the motel door.	
Oct 6 2008	If You're On A Budget And All Other Vegas Rooms Are Booked ...	... you might be more comfortable in a Clark County holding cell than the Las Vegas Econolodge. So go break a law and have three hots and a cot. You'll at least have Amnesty International on your side.Was booked here for a quick business trip, three nights, Friday through Sunday, by someone in my office unfamiliar with the place.It looked good online. $49 a night over a busy Vegas weekend, coffee in rooms, continental breakfast, central location. In fact, the central location was in the hellhole neighborhood between the north end of the Strip and downtown. Very scary and remote, wall-to-wall crackheads and tweakers. Nowhere to eat nearby, but all the adult bookstores and tattoo parlors you could wish for. There was no coffee, neither in the room nor in the lobby, and the continental breakfast advertised was closed pending a health inspection. Bed sloped down on the sides, only good if you're sleeping alone in the middle. The hot water wasn't, and... worst ... the air conditioners were broken so the night temperature hovered in the mid-90’s in the rooms. Best I can say is I didn't see any bugs. Oh, the old guy at the counter on night duty was really sweet and did try to sort out the air conditioner. He couldn't, so he gave me the company-set maximum discount for the lack of cool air in the desert: 15%. That works out to, what, $7.50? Not his fault, though, any of it.I checked out one night early after I found the Stratosphere down the street had a room for $30 (this was Sunday night, when casino rooms are much less expensive) with ample hot water, ice cold air, and all the other traditional casino hotel amenities. So I didn't have to fight my way into a jail cell for better accommodations. If you are a single college guy and can't get a room for less anywhere else, it's OK, but not for anyone with even remotely higher expectations, and DEFINITELY not for women traveling alone or anyone with kids.	
May 9 2008	Would definitely stay here again!	I have mostely likes about this hotel:I was a little leary of the area. There are strip clubs and adult &quot;bookstores&quot; nearby but you are in Vegas, not Disneyland. I felt safe and treated with kind people from the moment that we pulled into the parking lot. It is located just North of the Stratusphere, but South of the &quot;Downtown strip&quot; area. There is a Denny's right up the road if you want familiar food. Otherwise there are some local Mexican Restaurants nearby as well. The Hotel was clean and had friendly staff. The room was a smoking room but did not smell of smoke the whole 3 days we were there. The bed was very firm so my husband liked it, good for the back! The bathroom had a full size tub so that when you took a shower, you had room to turn around. Large TV with remote that worked great. Not too noisy at night. In fact, we were there on the weekend of some motorcycle rally and even then, I got a good night's rest. Their breakfast items that were free was assorted muffins or bagels, coffee or juice. Not bad considering we paid only $78 for 2 nights and that is considerably less than just one night up the road.The only dislikes that I had were that there weren't any alarm clocks in the room. It is ok if you use your cell phone for the time and to wake you up in the morning. The airconditioner was cold but loud. It had a sort of &quot;grinding&quot; noise, but as I stated before, I still slept well. There was 2 problems in the bathroom: 1) was a line of mold about the length of a crayon behind the bathroom door. It wasn't near the tub so I was ok with that. and 2) whomever glued the sink to the base in the bathroom didn't do a very good job cleaning up the drips because as you sat on the toilet, the view you had was dried glue that looked like someone blew their nose in their hands and wiped it under the sink. I was even fine with that if I looked the other way.All and all, I would absolutely stay here again and am recommending this hotel for a great value in Vegas.Thank you Econo Lodge for making our weekend getaway a wonderful experience!	
Mar 19 2008 	caution here	we booked via econo lodge by phone for saturday night march 8-2008. we placed our luggage inside the room and were off to the strip...when we returned to the room we discovered bugs in the bathroom and black mold around the sink and tub...we couldn't get the a/c to come on, so we called the front dest for assistance.we were told that did not turn the a/c on until march 20th but we could check out if we liked...at that time of night and on a saturday,we probley would not find anything...after telling the night clerk of the other issues he said that i would not be billed for the stay... but upon check-out we found a credit of only $17.00 off our bill....note; this motel is in a very bad part of town....stay clear of this area..........fred leigh auburndale,fl.	
Aug 7 2007 	Cheap Clean Comfortable	The Econolodge is a great option for those who are driving to Las Vegas, or are able to rent a car, and who are on a tight budget. As mentioned before, it is far from center strip, much closer to Downtown Las Vegas, and not in the greatest of neighborhoods. (But not in the worst either). The hotel is clean, the beds are extremely comfortable, and the staff is courteous and helpful. It is a great stay for the budget-minded. However, this is not the place to stay if you plan on walking as your sole transportation to the strip. Of course there's The Deuce bus that runs 24 hours, but it is slow as the strip at night gets congested with traffic. You may find that it may take up to an hour on the Deuce to get back to the Econolodge at night with severe strip traffic, and then of course, you are getting home late at night in not the greatest of neighborhoods.If you have a car though, no problem. The Econolodge is a great place to crash after a long night. I had a car during my stay as I always do- but I suppose I should say I am biased, I can't stand going to Vegas without a car because it so much easier to get from resort to resort, and to get away from the strip if needed- plus you are not walking around constantly in desert heat.Overall, the Econolodge is a great budget stay, especially on a Friday or Saturday night.	
Jul 4 2007 	Nice Cheap Place	Not in a good part of the town, but I stayed there for just one night. No hassels, and must say the front desk staff is very friendly. Much more than the other hotels I have stayed in. No bugs or anything. Clean roomStay here if u r looking for a cheap place to stay, just to put ur bags, and get a few hours of sleep, and have something free to eat in the morning.	
Jun 7 2007 	Okay Place!	We stayed at this motel in July, 2007. The price was certainly cheap enough! The part of town it is in isn't &quot;top notch&quot;, but it's safe. Why spend a fortune on a hotel room just to be asleep?The room was clean, as were the &quot;grounds&quot;. The swimming pool was also well maintained.Free &quot;starter&quot; breakfast, too. Friendly staff.	
May 30 2007 	Good hotel	We stayed at Econo Lodge just for 1 night on May 19. Actually we have had a reservation for 2 nights, but our flight delayed and we lost one night. Therefore I got change the reservation at the hotel site since I was at the airport in São Paulo. The hotel is clean, confortable and the location is good but the neighborhood is not good. There is a simple but enough breakfast. The breakfast room is not enough for the people, there is just three tables. There is one computer with high speed internet, there is no chair, it is important because many person use the internet just to play and other person can't use this. There is a swimming pool too.	
Jan 4 2007 	Stay away!!!	We stayed here during Fourth of July weekend last year and it was a miserable experience. The ONLY reason we stayed here was because it was 4th of July, and every single room at every single hotel on the strip was already booked. We impulsively stayed here during a road trip on our way back to Arizona from Utah and will never, ever, ever stay here again. It was an ugly room, old and outdated everything. The air conditioning did not work so I called the front desk and complained-not only did they not do anything about it, but all the other rooms were sold out so I was stuck sweating all night in 100 degree heat. It is nothing like it looks on the website. It is much, much worse. I think my boyfriend and I got into a fight because we were so miserable and it ruined the last leg of our vacation that would have otherwise been great.This is a MOTEL in a drug, prostitute, gang-infested neighborhood and I would not recommend it to anyone, ever. You could not pay me to stay here again.	
Oct 18 2006 	It is a MOTEL	Went to a conference and every room in town was booked for saturday night so found a nice $79 rate at the econolodge. Cab cost me 24.00 to get there from the airport, had to drive past all the nice places. Outrageous. Front Desk guy was nice, helped me call a cab. Cabs never come there though. If someone else is getting dropped off, wave at them and go jump into it. Cab Lady told me the reason no one stops is because people who stay at Econolodges don't tip. Fortunately the bus does run past there. Tried to iron my clothes to get ready for my conference, called the front desk to get a iron. They dont carry irons at all in the motel. :-( Had to go across the street to Walgreens and buy one for 9.99 and ended up being late to my conference. The room was ok, but very motelish. Was scared to pull the covers back so slept fully clothed on top the sheets. Alarm clock kinda worked, but didnt alarm. Overall if you are a cheapskate you will have no problems. The neighborhood was fine. Hardly saw any people on the street at all. Morning coffee and juice free.	
Aug 2 2006	Stay away...far far away.	Got sent here by my company because we didn't know any better. I'm not sure how graphic I can be, but lets just say it wasn't just dirty, it was a health risk. I walked in, and my jaw just dropped when I looked at the room. I immediately went back to the front desk and asked for a full refund and that I would not be staying there.As I was getting my refund, a lady was there complaining that the staff had given a duplicate copy of her room key to some other guest, who entered while she was naked getting out of the shower. She was understandably irrate.This is also located in a very dangerous part of Las Vegas, surrounded by prostitution and drugs.	
May 16 2005	If you have little kids... dont stay here.	The room was okay. Nothing was gross or anything. Everything in the room seemed like it was from the 70-80s.. no renovated anything. The hotel seemed to be full of crackheads and gangsters. If you have little kids this is probably not the best place to say. My friends and I got woken up at 6:00am by the loud thumping of a cars stereo system. It lasted at least and hour. I think it took so long to have someone tell them to turn it down out of fear of getting shot or something.	
Apr 20 2005	Somewhere Clean Cheap and Peaceful to Sleep	We were on a budget family vacation from the UK. I picked this basic motel very deliberately. No frills and half way between the vulgarity of the Strip and the more humanscale attractions of Downtown. Room value for money was excellent. Why spend wads of cash when all you want to do is sleep in a peaceful secure room? Across the boulevard was an excellent little Cuban restaurant and round the corner on Main Street two excellent thrift stores and the delightful &quot;Attic&quot; with its Americana and surprising recycled fashions. This was our experience of Vegas. Okay we surveyed the dumb gamblers in the shopping mall Venetian and the gross Bellagio but I was so glad to be in our massive king size bed in the Econolodge. The kids had a separate room - the place was so cheap! Thank you Econolodge but please drop the yukky name - call it something like &quot;Travellers Rest&quot; or &quot;Road Haven&quot; - what's with this &quot;Econo&quot; stuff - sounds like the Iron Curtain revisited!	
Apr 5 2003	It's a motel.	What's to say? It's your basic Econo-Lodge Motel from the old days before they had inside room access. The room was OK, but the motel is in a sleazy part of town with &quot;adult&quot; bookstores and tattoo parlors up and down the street. Not a good environment, espeically if your're traveling with a family.	
Nov 22 2009 	ok per una notte		
