Sep 27 2009 	average average average	there isn't anything REALLY wrong with this hotel, but then again, there is nothing to get enthusiastic about either. this is the second time i have stayed there, and this stay only confirmed my opinion from the first time (last year)the breakfast is adequate, but they do not replenish it as much as they should. we ate around 8 am and found that the fruits, eggs, etc. were low and were in need of refilling. the computer near the front desk was not working very well - it took one lady over 20 minutes to just print out her 3 emails. don't know what the deal was with that!the studio bed was VERY soft - and tho it was a queen, my husband and i kept rolling in toward each other. made the bed seem smaller than a queen.the kitchen was clean, but it lacked dish soap, so we left our dirty dishes in the sink. we would have cleaned them if there was dish soap.the sofa was on the old side and lumpy. luckily we didn't have to sit on it too long. the air conditioning worked just fine tho. the one down side that did bother us is that the walls are so thin that when someone put on the shower or flushed the toilet, you could really hear it. we kept the air conditioning on so that it would mask some of the noise.the front desk was very courteous, and that's to be appreciated. the big draw to the place is that it is across the street from the convention center. however, if you will pay a few bucks more, go to the marriott renaissance which is right NEXT TO the convention center. it is much nicer, tho i don't think that it comes with a free breakfast.	
Jun 29 2009 	There are Better Options in Vegas	This is a great location for business at the convention center and it is nice to be off the strip. Other than that, Las Vegas and Marriott have better options to choose from than this location. Great if you have children and don't mind children everywhere but for a single traveler, this is a pass. The breakfast area is very crowded and the food is not kept up very well. Stayed in a 1 bedroom and I was a bit disappointed because I have stayed at other Residence Inns. The bed is very uncomfortable and the property can be a bit noisy. Spend a bit more cash and find something nicer in Vegas.	
Feb 22 2009 	Valentine's Getaway...Perfect locationhotel and friendly staff	My husband and I have not been to vegas for a while (i'm talking about several years) and I thought of surprising him by booking a getaway to vegas for our valentines. This hotel is a perfect place to stay and I'll tell you why...my husband and I got sick by the time we got to vegas.( I know ..really suckkedd esp when it was a valentine's weekend) He came down with severe cold and flu and so did I. On our first night, we checked in at 9pm and the front desk guy was a very nice man. We were having small talk and in that talk we asked for the nearest walgreens and also some good restaurants for delivery. Not only he gave us the directions to the store, he also recommend this good &amp; cheap chinese rest. The next morning I called up the front desk and asked if I could take the breakfast back to my room since my husband wasn't feeling too well...and the guy said it was fine..I have been to plenty of hotels and sometimes they have problems bringing meals back to your room but not this place. After feeling ok after a day or so, we decided to go out to the strip... We had the same guy who helped us check in, get us a cab..to my husband any my surprise, he remembered us being sick and asked how we were feeling and if everything was ok..I was simply amazed..In a busy city like vegas...who remembers who but not this guy..This is my main reason to go back and stay here again.. Few other things:Nice location: You get ur privacy..and still feel like ur in vegasFriendly staff: We asked to extra blankets &amp; towels and immediately got them. Front desk ee's was so pleasant!Room: Nice , big studio room. They has kitchen so you can make your own coffee,tea and even warm up your dinner..fridge and dish washerParkng: FREE!!!Overall: LOVED IT!!!! We are very simple,easy going and very private couple and this place was beyond my expectation..We will definitely stay here again in future.. BIG THANKS TO JUSTIN (Front desk guy :)	
Jan 29 2009	Comfortable Hotel great staff	The mother in law was in nearby Sunrise Hospital so we stayed here. We stay at a lot of Resi Inns and the staff at this one went way out of their way to be friendly and make us feel comfortable. Room was big and clean although it had a well-used feel to it. The down-stairs room had a suprisingly comfortable murphy bed. We will definately stay again.	
Jan 4 2009 	Quiet with comfortable accomidations!	Having a kitchen in Vegas is a great idea - especially if you're going to take advantage of the amazing meals around town and have left-overs to nibble.The accommodations meet your needs without being lavish, but there's plenty of lavish in Vegas elsewhere. The hotel is located adjacent to the elevated monorail making the mile or so walk unnecessary, unless you're interested in walking to the strip. I did not hear neighbors walking above us; we were on the ground floor with one level above us. The breakfast was eggs, pancakes, cereal, and fruit: a nice selection targeting the rodeo people who were in town that week.The only drawback was the hotel's inability to prevent solicitors papering the rooms. in the late afternoon over 10 menus were stuffed under our door which does not give the feeling of privacy or safety.If you're frugal and wondering if this place is worth it, I believe it is a good deal.	
Dec 12 2008 	Very Outdated 	Had to extend our stay unexpectedly and went to the yellowpages to see places with a kitchenOnly the Residence Inn Convention Centre had an ad (unfortunately for us); so, based on past experiences with the brand, I figure it cant be that badNow, Residence Inn is not a 5 star resort -- i know that; but this RI is definitely showing its ageOUTDATEDWe got a studio room with a queen bed. The kitchen cabinets &amp; stove looked like it hasnt been updated since the 80s. Bathroom was the same (had a wood sliding door for the shower/bathtub area)LOUD- it's underneath the flightpath for LAS airport = frequent buzz/noise; we stayed at Mandalay Bay (beside the airport) and didnt hear planes taking off/landing- ventilation system; we had to shutoff the HVAC since it was just too loud- fridge (probably another sign of age...), quite noisy as well when it starts up every so often&quot;Positives&quot;The breakfast is standard Residence Inn; business centre has 2 computers with internet accessThere's a pool (didnt use; but was open even in early dec) &amp; on-site laundryMonorail &amp; convention centre is directly next door, so it's convenient in that sense; the roads around the hotel have center dividers, so you have to be travelling in a certain direction to enter the hotel (either southbound on Paradise, or westbound on Dessert Inn)Clean room &amp; linenStaff friendly (didnt really have much interaction)	
Oct 25 2008 	Quiet 	This Residence Inn is designed in an apartment complex style. It's extremely clean and quiet, which is a refreshing change from the strip. It's directly across the street from the convention center. The strip is a little over a half mile away. The road to the strip is pretty isolated at night, and as a woman, I wasn't comfortable walking the route to the strip alone at night, but I felt safe walking with another person and saw other convention-goers doing the same. The monorail is directly across the street, so that is another quick and safe way to get to the strip, and taxis are everywhere. The service at this hotel was as good as I've experienced at other Residence Inns around the country. The desk staff was friendly and attentive, and the housekeeping staff was great. Breakfast was hot, fresh, and well stocked. I'd definitely stay here again the next time I'm in town for a convention.	
Jul 26 2008 	all round value despite the apparent higher room price	Jul17-25 2008. Stayed during a bridge tournament held at the Hilton located a (long, hot 108F Las Vegas) block away. I could say that without reservation, the staff were all helpful, friendly and genuinely happy to be of assistance. We stayed in an upstair unit. All have fully equiped kitchen with oven, dishwasher, fridge and microwave allowing us to cater for ourselves instead of eating out everynight. They will even do the grocery shopping for you if you tell them what you want. The maid will also clean the dishes if you really want a holiday. Each room has a sitting area, free highspeed internet. You can use their barbecue if you want to although it is a bit of a walk from some units. The pool is pleasant and clean although some might say that it could do with a little more shade. Every morning, the free breakfast buffet includes some variation on the fare offered, breaking the potential monotony of the hot food selection. Happy hour on week nights at 5:30pm can provide enough for small appetites to avoid seeking dinner on their own. More impressive was the little things that take away the &quot;nickel and dime&quot; feeling some other places impose : e.g. two free computers for guests to use in the lobby that include free printer use if you need. Others have complained of the aircond noise but we found it acceptable although the vents sometimes can feel poorly directed when you are in bed and the ability to adjust the direction of cool air is limited. We feel that this facility is well located for those who don't want to be on the strip or need to be at the convention center. It provides value in the inclusion of a substantial breakfast, happy hour and the versatility of full kitchens. We would not hesitate to return to the Residence at a future date. True, it is not the Wynn or Bellagio - but it doesn't try to be of that genre.	
Apr 4 2008	Fine Stay	This place is little different from the typical Residence Inn. The room is large and clean. Be aware though that unless you walk 10-15 minutes to the Strip or the Hilton there is not much around the hotel.	
Mar 21 2008	Nice change to be off the strip	It was nice to stay off the strip to avoid crowded casino layouts and elevator wait. We drove to the strip from this hotel, and used the free parking offered by all hotels. It was nice to be in the casinos when you wanted to and not be there when you didn't;-) What we liked:- fast check in- clean rooms- hot breakfast- kitchens in the rooms- hotel landscaping and blooming treesWhat we didn't like:- nothing;-)	
Mar 9 2008	OK hotel	OverallSolid, clean hotel--but don't expect luxury. Great for families.Positives-Right across the street from the Convention center and monorail stop-Full kitchen (fridge, stove, dishwasher, etc) -A lot of parking-Clean-Not noisy at all, felt safe there (though exercise caution at night of course)-Breakfast is ok but you have to walk out to get itNegatives-Not on the strip (but it's only a 10-15 minute walk to Wynn, or if you rent a car it's really not a problem. See below for parking instructions)-Decor is middle of the roadOher comments/Tips:If you have a car, it's actually really easy to get parking close to the Strip. From the hotel, turn right and head south down Paradise Rd. Turn right at E Harmon Ave (it's right after Hard Rock Casino). Turn right at Audrie St. Now you are behind Planet Hollywood casino (formerly Aladdin) where there is FREE parking! It's actually their mall parking lot. Very convenient mid-strip parking. We parked here all the time. The monorail is convenient, but when we returned late at night (around 1:30am) to the covention center stop, we found that the place was closed. The whole convention centered was fenced off. Even though the hotel was right across the street, we had to walk a long way around to get back to the hotel. Annoying.	
Feb 10 2008 	Just for Convenience	This Residence Inn is not as nice as other ones I have stayed at. The best thing is the parking and convenience to the Convention Center. A previous review called the facilities tatty and he/she is right! The hotel needs an upgrade. Staff is friendly. I had a non-smoking room that smelled like smoke. Vegas has become an expensive town and while this was ok for the price, I would probably not stay here again.	
Aug 22 2007 	At least it was close to the Convention Center	Stayed here for a convention - location is great as it is across the street from the Convention Center. The rest of the stay was downhill. The place seems terribly understaffed from front desk to maintenance to housekeeping. I arrived early on a Sunday and the front desk and lobby area was simply madness with people and ringing phones. Nice people working the front desk, but overwhelmed. No rooms were available, so I checked my luggage and returned 6 hours later to find the front desk still frazzled and no room available - although my business colleagues who had arrived shortly before my return all had rooms! When I did get my room, it was as far away from the lobby as possible - as the lone woman in the group - every evening I had to have someone walk me to my room (my colleagues - all men - got rooms much closer to the lobby and pool). The door stuck on my room and the air conditioner banged loudly when it cycled, waking me up every time throughout the night. Also, if you need a cab when you depart this hotel, good luck. Expect a 45 minute to an hour wait. We finally figured out that it's better to walk to another larger hotel on Paradise Rd and you can get a cab immediately.	
Jul 4 2007 	Average Residence Inn Across from Convention Ctr 	I stayed at the Las Vegas Convention Center Residence Inn for 8 nights during the last week of June. I was in town for the SHRM Annual Human Resources Conference and for some SHRM Academy Classes as well as some post conference golf. The SHRM Conference which attracted over 22,000 attendees was across the street (six lanes, busy at times) in the LV Convention Center and Hilton next door to LVCC. When there is not much traffic - early morning and some evenings, you can just walk across the street otherwise you have to go the lights. Which can be a bit unpleasant during a hot, hot day.The weather was quite hot (102-106) I took Greyline Shuttle Bus from the airport to the Residence Inn. It cost about $7.00. The ResidenceInn is away from the Strip on Paradise road and across from the L.V. Convention Center. Which makes it convenient for those attending the convention but it is far from the Strip. I walked to the strip from the Residence Inn but it was during the morning and in the evening. It is a long walk, 15 minutes plus and it is much tougher when it is hot. I also walked to Riviera Hotel one evening for a show. The Monorail is a better way to get to the strip and I purchased online a 10 ride ticket. The Monorail goes from the Sahara to the MGM Grand and makes around 7 stops on the East side of the Strip. Getting to the Monorail from the Hotels can be a bit tricky. On Convention Center Road and Las Vegas Blvd., there is a Walgreens, where I picked up beverages, snacks and some medicine, because I caught a minor cold during my stay. It is a long walk when carrying bags in the heat. Next door to Residence Inn is a Courtyard and you can use the Courtyard Gym because this property does not have Gym. Down the street is the Rennisance Hotel.My SHRM Academy classes were at Venetian and there were shuttle buses from the convention center to the Venetian compliments of Kronos.I choose this Residence Inn because of the proximity to the Convention Center, the Monorail and because there was a refridgerator in the room (which comes in handy when the weather is hot). Using my AAA card, I booked some advanced reservations online and I paid several during rates during my stay between $129.00 and $169.00. I checked in Friday, around 12:00 noon, and the friendly front desk person from Wisconsin was able to check me into a &quot;quiet&quot; room upstairs near the back of the property. The room was a bit old but clean. Featured a queen size bed and sofa bed. This Residence Inn offers a better than average breakfast in the morning (alternates between bacon, sausage, corn beef hash, pancakes, andeggs, potatoes, donuts, pastries, breads, make your own waffles, fruits and beverages), as well light snack (Meatloaf, mash potatoes, salad and Chicken Cesar Salad and cookies and beer) around dinner time from Monday thru Thursday. For complimentary meals they both were fine. Complimentary Web access in the Gatehouse as well as Wall Street Journal and local newspaper.This Residence Inn is a bit older and reminds me of the Cal Expo Residence Inn in Sacramento. My bed was of average comfort and the room was cleaned each day by Maria. The A.C. worked well but was a bit noisy and behind my wall must have been a loft room because I could hear some creaking at times during the night. Also there were some young Volleyball competitors in the units nearby and sometimes they stayed up lateand you could hear them chatting outside.My front door required a particular pull the handle as you insert the card key to open. I reported this and a problem bedside light to &quot;Sang,&quot; at the front desk. Nothing was done about it so I mentioned the light to another Marriott employee and it was fixed when returned from my conference. So service is not a priority at this property.There is small sport court and small pool at this property. Plenty of parking spots and you need your room key to open a gate into the parking lot.Driving in and out of this property is not real smooth because you can only go South on Paradise Road when driving out of this property. If I could get a really good rate, I might stay at this property againbut I would also consider the Renissance Hotel as well as Residence Inn in the Hughes Center, though the Monorail is not accessible from the R.I. in the Hughes Center. Service at this property was less than the Beverly Hills R.I. and Manhattan R.I.If you looking for a property close to the convention center and close to the Monorail with a kitchen facility then this property might be your place. But their service is suspect.	
May 12 2007 	Great hotel mediocre staff	This was a great location right across from the convention center. It was easy to walk across to the convention or to the monorail station. The room was basic, but big and comfortable. We stayed in a 2 story, 2 bedroom, 2 bath suite. It had 3 TVs. There was a regular queen bed in one room and a murphy style bed in the other. I slept on the murphy bed and found it surprisingly comfortable. The pool was warm - not huge, but nice with lots of clean towels (the pool towels were softer than the room towels). The hot tub was great - loved the jets for our tired feet. A full breakfast is included with the room rate - eggs, toast, pancakes, waffles, bacon, sausages, muffins, etc etc etc. The front desk staff was not great - this was the only bad thing about it. They forgot our wakeup call one morning and the alarm clock did not work. They were slow to check us in, and did not tell us we had a package waiting for us. There was a coin laundry - $1 for washer or dryer. The cab ride to the airport was just over $10, not including tip - which is better than the airporter if you have more than one person (airporter is $6 and the driver took us to 2 other Marriotts before the correct one - even though we clearly told him which Marriott it was and we were the only ones on the bus). The monorail is a great way to get to the strip - it takes you to many of the major hotels &amp; casinos. There was room to park our 12 foot trailer and our jeep right close to our room. We had an upper story (they call it a penthouse) room and had to carry our bags up 2 flights of stairs - no elevator. Lots of pretty singing birds including cute canaries.	
May 5 2007 	Nice place good location small rooms	This Residence Inn is nice and clean but the rooms were almost all studios and very very small compared to other Residence Inn's I have visited. The grounds were well kept and the location was very good. Not to much traffic like the hotels on the strip but it was very close to the monorail line so transportation was no problem. I would stay here again but would request a larger room.	
Apr 4 2007 	nice	Nice hotel. Great pool. Complimentary breakfast and afternoon snack made hotel a great find. Would recommend to anyone wishing to get away from the noise of the Strip.	
Mar 19 2007 	Clean no-nonsense and good value except...	This is a nice property to stay at if you want to avoid the heinous Strip traffic. The LV Hilton is accross the street (but still a few minutes to walk) and the Wynn is not too far. Best of all, the monorail station was a couple minutes walk away and this was ideally suited for us because we did not want to drive on the strip if at all possible and when we did drive, we used Paradise Road as much as possible.The grounds are clean and the staff is friendly. The pool is heated and not too crowded although not fancy but after I saw the pools at the resorts where every square inch was taken up by someone on a lounge chair, this was a welcome relief. The breakfast buffet was good: scrambled eggs, country potatoes, oatmeal, make your own waffles, sausage or corned beef hash, cereals, fruit, and a variety of pastries (muffins, toast, bagels etc.) is the typical offering.The room was not bad. Clean but not spectacular. The pictures on the website are accurate. I would have given a better rating to this property except the 2 bedroom loft we stayed in was very creaky! One bedroom is right underneath the loft so we heard EVERY step. The air conditioning is pretty loud also.Overall, it was a good value. Most guests looked to be business travelers and families.	
Apr 12 2006 	Wonderful decor good location a Vegas gem	Found the hotel via Priceline and stayed for one Saturday night. It was nice getting away from the Strip's hustle and bustle. Even though it's only a few blocks and about 600 ft from the Strip, it's pretty quiet.The check-in staff was very friendly and not arrogant like some other upscale hotels towards Priceline guests. Bellman offered assistance and let us use his luggage cart without him assisting and expecting tip.Best thing though was the room. Beautiful decor, very nice setup, great shampoo/soap products, and a very comfortable bed with comforter. We also stayed at the Mirage during our Vegas trip and the beds there felt like military bunks compared to Marriott. Outdoor pool/hot tub area is located on the west side of the building so there is limited morning sun (at least in April), and the pool was pretty cold. Clean towels available outside though and easily accessible from the room. Parking is a 3-story garage, also adjacent to the rooms. We did not try the onsite restaurant.I'd love to return to this place, even if I was here on vacation.	
Mar 19 2006 	Helpful Staff Facilities Worn Good Breakfast	Across the street from the convention center so extremely convenient. Free bus shuttle from the street corner to the Wynn Hotel on the strip which was much better than the monorail. Staff very helpful and the breakfast was pretty good for being free. Rooms, while clean, could use an update.	
Sep 30 2005 	Spacious but...tatty	Just got back from this Residence Inn...we have stayed at several around the country and been quite pleased (when value for money outweighed desire for luxury)...so we thought we knew what to expect. The apartment style layout worked quite well (though not if you had a lot of baggage/shopping to trundle about) and our apartment was kept quite clean...and yes, lots of space...but our suite and everything in it was shabby and seemed well-worn...the carpet looked like it needed a good clean, the kitchen counter had a chunk out of it, one of the kitchen cabinet doors - all of which were pretty beat-up, was practically falling off...big cracks in the vinyl flooring, the sliding door to the bathroom was very difficult to close and open and wouldnt stay on its track....Two other problems - the Residence Inn breakfast (which doesn't vary much from one to another) was ok...but every time we went to sit at a table out by the pool, the tabletops were filthy...all it would have taken was for one of the staff to walk round with a quick spray bottle of cleaner and a paper towel...I mean it put us off our food, every day! This was also the case in the evening, too, when various drinks and food were offered.This location is fine if you are attending a convention across the street, but we were at the Sands Convention Center (unbeknownst to us) which is another location entirely (near Venetian). So be careful about that. When we wanted to go to the Strip (every day/night) for meals, a show, etc., the monorail across the street did not seem to run as often as we'd hoped...and to get a cab from this location can be tricky at best and a nightmare at worst...you cannot hail a cab in Vegas, the desk will call one for you, and it can take up to half an hour or 45 minutes depending on traffic....this is pretty stressful. Oh yes - it also would have helped if some of the staff seemed to know more about Las Vegas itself...a few of them tried to be helpful but seemed no more aware of what was going on in the area than we were.Sure, it's the Residence Inn and not the Bellagio, so you cannot expect a masterful team of concierges, a valet taxi service, etc.....but they could at least repair some of the broken down furnishings and clean those tables.	
Aug 20 2005	Perfect in every way	We had a great stay! I was so glad to have stayed here when I saw the long hotel registration lines on the strip. The thought of dragging the kids through a casino with their luggage scares me, but at the Residence Inn we didnt have to worry about that. The breakfast was very good, scrambled eggs, french toast, muffins, danish, donuts, oatmeal, sausage, potatoes, etc... not bad for free. I did not have a chance to enjoy the pool but I did appreciate the doggie doo doo bags placed in the grass areas, we took our Shih Tzu with us. All in all a great place, I really like this compared to other Residence Inns because each unit was two stories and the kids hung out upstairs and watched their own tv. I will definately stay here again.	
Feb 26 2005	Fab!	I stayed here with three friends over the New Year's period of 2004. It wasn't our first choice but all the hotels in our price range on the Strip were fully booked, so as i'd stayed at a Residence Inn in Orlando before, and loved it, decided to book in to the Las Vegas one, and i can honestly say, i have no complaints about this hotel. The beds were fantastic, so much so, that we didn't want to get out of them! The mini apartments are brilliant with all the comforts of home, and the TVs in each room meant no arguements over who wanted to watch what! The free breakfast is great, and also the daily free evening snacks and drinks. Someone mentioned about it being dangerous to walk around that section of Las Vegas, but we walked up to the Strip during the day and later in the night and we had no problems, but if you don't want to walk, the monorail is a fantastic cheap alternative which will drop you in the heart of the Strip by the Flamingo hotel. I'd definately consider staying here again if i ever go to Las Vegas again, the hotel was great, the front desk staff were friendly and helpful, and i had a brilliant time in Vegas!	
Aug 6 2004	Great layout	This is a great location if you want to be near the strip but not on it. It's also across the street from the convention center &amp; a monorail stop. The lodging is very good, especially for a family on a multi-day trip. They are basically townhouses with a full kitchen &amp; living room &amp; a separate bed/bath on each level. We missed the free breakfast so we can't comment on that. However, it's slightly annoying that you must drive/walk over to the lobby building for the breakfast.	
Apr 9 2004	Great For the Family	This place is a gold mine! We stayed the first week of April with my family of five which includes my three little ones all under the age of six. The staff was very friendly especially the front desk clerk, (Helenea). They were more than accomodating for family needs. The room was spacious and very clean. It was multi-level with an upstairs loft, and it had three TV's (One for each room). The kitchen was fully equipped with all the amenities needed for a short or long term stay. The free breakfast in the morning was more than substantial to start the day. Each section of the hotel had it's own spa and the fitness center located in the adjacent Marriott was nice. The grounds were clean and secure with adequate parking. Overall, a great experience.	
Mar 1 2004	Good family spot not for business travelers	I stayed here for one night on a business trip last week, not being able to get a room at a rate that I usually pay at the usual hotels I stay at in Las Vegas. This property is just fine, but average. If you want to feel like you're staying at any other town with a Residence Inn, this is your place. It is quietly sequestered amidst larger hotels within walking distance of the convention center, with trees, nicely kept grounds, pool, whirlpool, and several barbecue areas with modern gas barbecues. The rooms are all suites, with full kitchens, modern appliances. They are not fancy, but clean, utilitarian and good values for families or groups of people wanting to share a suite and save on lodging expenses. There is a continental style breakfast with a few hot items, making it more than continental style, but the hot items are scrambled eggs, french toast, and oatmeal. There are restaurants nearby, but you really need a car or cab to get to them; walking is dangerous or simply too far a jaunt. The staff are very nice. There is no casino on-site, a plus for anyone who goes to Las Vegas frequently, but doesn't want to gamble. This property is a very good value for families, but it was not what most business travelers, couples or anyone out for partying would look for.	
Dec 18 2003	Great	I've stayed here many times for conventions. The staff is great, the units are well-kept, you can walk to the convention center, parking is easy.... what more do you want?	
Jul 8 2003	Better than my apartment	We stayed here on the way back from the Grand Canyon for 2 nights. Prices were high for some reason that particular weekend in Vegas and our group wanted to stay together. I booked the penthouse suite for 4 of us but can accommodate up to 6. At a rate of $ 112.00 per night ! The hotel is very much off the Strip, good to have a car staying in this area but with the new monorail opening next year (2004), will make transportation easier without rental car straight to the Strip. There was no check-in waiting, no casino noise blaring, no choking cigarette smoke. The pleasant staff assisted us, the layout was little bit confusing, took couple of tries to find our unit. This Residence Inn is set up like an apartment complex with little streets, people saying hello when walking by. Each 4-5 unit had Jacuzzi which was very nice and relaxing. Our unit was fabulous, bi level penthouse, full kitchen, dining room with living room, 2 baths, fire place, Murphy bed plus pull-out sofa bed and another bed upstairs with living room also, whatever you need it's there. On the top level we could get a glance of the strip. Overall it is a great hotel. I highly recommend !	
