	Clean Comfortable 	My husband and I booked the Rooms in the Manor and the experience was really good. We had my sister and parents also. Even if we did not ask, on check-in, they gave us adjoining rooms. The rooms were clean and comfortable. The rooms were located on the ground floor - and parking was basically just in front of the manor.Circus Circus offerred really good buffet meals - at 20 USD for the whole day (breakfast, lunch and dinner) and they also offered all you can eat prime rib for 13 USD. It was well worth it.We stayed for 2 nights and we had a really great time. It is probably one of the cheapest hotels but facilities were great.	
	Disaster	My daughter and family stayed 4 nights at Circus, Circus in Las Vegas. It was a total disappoint from past experiences. Normal amenities i.e., refrig., Microwave cost extra per day, rooms not very clean, elevator broken, had to walk flight of stairs to get to room. Talked to desk receptionist and Supervisor you were very unprofessional and sympathic. Not &quot;kid friendly&quot; as advertised and family setting as in prior years and staff was very rude in some instances. I will not nor will we ever recommend a staff in the Circus, Circus Las Vegas. There were many families attending a Football tournament. Next year we will stay elsewhere.	
	Cheap but...	Somewhat out of the way for being &quot;on the strip&quot;. The price was right though and if you like clowns, well then you'll love this place. Room was pretty basic, if not dated. Room was quiet. Shower floor was uneven which felt somewhat odd... I don't know if I'd stay here again but in a pinch, it's not a bad choice for a Vegas hotel.	
Nov 25 2009 	Newly Renovated Rooms are Great!	We wanted something cheap for Vegas, as we were going to be running around all day and weren't planning on staying much in the hotel. However, I wanted to stay somewhere nice and not in a dump. I saw online that Circus Circus had a stay three nights get the fourth night free AND we could stay in the NEWLY renovated tower. I was skeptical up until the time when we opened the door to our room. The main lobby and casino are dark and dreary but when we got to our room - it was very nice. Modern furniture, art work, new bedding, armchair and flat screen tv. The room itself was huge! The view wasn't much - overlooking the back parking lot. The a/c barely ran --- it was a little sneeze of a breeze, however we left it on all day and it seemed to cool the room down. Our room was at the end of the hall so the noise was very minimal. We never heard our neighbors or the people above us - so that was a nice thing too. They also have an in room safe, which was a welcome addition.The Steakhouse Restaurant in the hotel/casino is not to be missed - exceptional service and well worth the money we spent. We went for our anniversary dinner. It was great. The rest of the dining options left much to be desired.There are no places to sit and read a book or enjoy a glass of wine while your partner plays the tables --- so if you want to relax you have to go to your room. Which was disappointing. It would be nice if they had some decent lounges.The casino as I said is dark and I felt a little claustrophobic in there. Other hotel/casinos were much more open/airy and didn't feel as constricting. Trying to find your way around was crazy. One man on the elevator said he had to go up two floors, get off and then walk down the hall to catch another elevator to get to where he was going. Trying to find the pool was impossible and the hours were even more ridiculous! It is about a 15 minute walk (if you're a walker) to go about 3/4 of a mile down the strip to the Fashion Show Mall area. It was fine for us.I would only recommend and stay at this hotel if you can reserve a room in the newly renovated section - the rest of the property leaves much to be desired.	
Nov 23 2009 	cheap and cheerful	Upgraded to a normal room (were allocated a motel) and everything was fine! Nothing special but nothing bad, just a nice cheap and cheerful hotel! 	
Nov 20 2009 	Fantastic..would stay there again and would recommend	We booked Circus Circus as it was cheap so we would therefore have more spending money. We looked at the reviews beforehand and saw it got vbad reviews we left not expecting anything fantastic. A friend told us to always ask for an upgrade on check in as they normally will always upgrade you. We did this on check-in and they said they have given us one of the best rooms as we booked with them direct rather through another site so we got prioty (worth remembering) they also upgraded our friend who was checking in that day to the same floor and to a similar suite. The guy at check-in also said that some parts of the hotel have been refurbished and we stayed in the north tower which had been refurbushed. I think he said the west tower also was also nice.We checkend into our room and my jaw it the floor...the room was incrediable and HUGE!! and to think we only paid $30.00 per night we were on to a right bargin. It was very clean also.The Buffet was the cheapest we found on the strip $20 per day which was fantasic. Yes - like in other reviews the food was a little dry but still nice and they had plenty of choice and their fresh baked breads and stuff were fresh same with the fruit &amp; veg. If your expecting good service then your not going to get it in Las Vegas. We didn't get the same standard of customer service as elsewhere in the states, but they were polite and got what you wanted, so we have no complaints. Location wise you are a little away from the centre of the strip - which we liked as there was no noise when you wanted to go to sleep so you can take it or leave it. Everything just a very short walk away. Loved this hotel for the $30.00 per night we paid for the room.....Wouldn't try another hotel as this suited us perfectly!! Just make sure your room is in one of the re-furbished towers and you on to a winner!!	
Nov 20 2009 	Not for us.	Just returned from Vegas and a couple of days at the Grand Canyon. We stayed at Circus Circus and wasn't thrilled by the place. It's a place for you to take little kids and if you have an RV there is a KOA campground at the back of the hotel.The Steak House is fantastic, Garden Grill is ok but compared to other hotels somewhat short on bars or lounges. People in the casino didn't look happy (maybe losing a lot, as we did) the slots certainly don't let you win many times. A little out of the way to other hotels/casinos unless you are a decent walker, the buses are ok but don't seem to come by that often and it can get a little cool this time of the year.The room we had was decent and clean - Skyrise tower - but the hotel as a whole is grubby and the constant hassle of the vendors reminds you of being in a place a lot less than Vegas casino!Downtown is worth a visit, the Freemont street is as it states - an experience, Golden Nugget has been fixed up and looking good.Miracle Mile shops and Planet Holywood hotel are outstanding.Be sure to visit the Grand Canyon, awe inspiring place and it was nice to get away from the Circus for a couple of days.Pay a few more bucks and stay elsewhere, Circus is part of MGM and the Mirage so I think they will keep it going for the kids and RV crowd to stay and play. Not for us though.	
Nov 19 2009 	1st Time in Vegas - Never again	This was the second worst hotel I have stayed in. Worn out, old - not kept up and worst of all, not clean. Stains in the carpets, engravings on doorways, dead flies in the bathroom fixture. I would not recommend this facility.	
Nov 19 2009 	Would stay anywhere else...	I had never been to Vegas before this and if this was the only hotel there, I'd never go back. The service is horrible, they are slow and always seem to disappear when you're next in line. The buffet is the dumps, the food tasted old and reheated. And the casino.... for a kids hotel, this is the worst place you could take your children! The smell of smoke is revolting, and i'm not saying that because I'm a non smoker because you can smoke in any casino and I had to cover my nose when I'd enter that casino. The only good thing I can say about it was the new west tower is nice and worth the extra $10 a night to upgrade, otherwise, stay elsewhere!	
Nov 18 2009 	a bit tired	Stayed at the Circus Circus for 3 nights. The room and facilities were ok especially for the price we paid, so I can't complain. It has to be said though, the hotel has seen better days, some of the gambling areas in particular could do with a facelift.The Garden Grill where we had a meal though, has to be recommended as good value for money, also a delicious steak was had. Finallay, the service in the cafe on the ground floor was excellent. .	
Nov 18 2009 	Circus Circus Hotel Las Vegas	We stayed in the Circus Circus Hotel for 8 nights, as people say there is 2 sections to this hotel the manor rooms &amp; tower rooms.I stayed in the Tower Rooms in the main hotel, which were very good with 2 big queen beds and nice bathroom.We also had the buffet one day which is $20 for breakfast, lunch &amp; dinner. its good value nice supply of salads etc	
Nov 18 2009	Circus Circus - highly recommended	I've stayed there twice (sept. 2008 and feb. 2009). I travelled with some work mates and we chose this hotel because it was pretty cheap, compared to other places, it looked good and has a good position. Depending on the period of travelling, you can get lower prices - so check their fees from time to time.Circus Circus 3* is situated on the Strip - so one can easily get to most points of attraction either by walking or by taking the bus. It takes about 15-30 minutes to get from Circus to Luxor, and you walk by the Bellagio hotel, by the Caesar or the Venice.Booking was easy and fast, even if there were a lot of people in line - this place has a lot of rooms and a lot of guests. The rooms were very clean and the view from the 18th floor was magnificent. One can see a nice piece of the Vegas from the Circus Circus windows. The casino is pretty cheerful (a lot of young people looking forward to having fun) and it's cheaper than in other hotels. Free drinks for the players! Souvenir shops, a mini roller-coaster park right inside the hotel, restaurants - this hotel has them all, although places aren't as luxurious as in the Bellagio. There's also a chapel for those with serious intentions (or who just got too drunk!).About the hotel's weak points: it's very big and pretty crowded, you have to pay attention on how to get to your room, how to get to the reception and how to get to the restrooms, once you're in the casino. There are circular places in the casino (the McD zone) and it's easy to get lost. Or lose your children. The staff proves to be helpful in these situations. Another issue (typical to Las Vegas) was getting in the hotel after police closed one end of the Strip in order to get some guy - in order to enter the Circus Circus, we had to pick a different route, so be sure you have a GPS (very useful on all US teritory).I highly recommend for people who don't wanna spend too much money on a room (you'll just sleep in it, there are so many attraction out there), yet wanna be able to have fun in a nearby casino, and stay close to the Strip.	
Nov 17 2009 	Very Friendly Staff and Hotel But too many kids!	We went to Las Vegas for the 1st time in 2007 and stayed at Circus Circus as a part of package deal to go to the Grand Canyon, From the moment we checked in the staff were nothing short of top notch, Giving us good advice, Guilding us around such a big place ( We have nothing like this in Australia)I put my hand up here for not doing my homework as i didnt know the place would be packed with kids! But hey i should of noticed the title of the Casino i was staying at! The Casino itself was quite nice, It had a Acrade , a Krispy Kreme (For us big kids!) The place was always pretty clean, The Buffet was a bit average though, Internet was good for sending an email to loved ones back home, Gotta watch out for people trying to sell you stuff near Adventure Dome and when you walk down towards the South of the Strip you get bullied by TimeShare idiots! So just watch out we ended up being conned to going to a TimeShare thing and it took 5 hours out of our day!The Rooms were okay, Not a great view but not bad for someone on a budget this is the place for you.We are going back to Vegas in Jan 2010 and Will Visit this place again, Not to stay but just to see whats going on.	
Nov 17 2009	kids loved staying in circus circus and we liked it's casino.	We have two kids. We planed our trip with another family with kids so that we could take care of them turn by turn and enjoy the shows and playing at casinos. Our trip was awesome..It couldn't be better than that with four kids.Circus Circus is the perfect place to stay if you have kids and have to go to vegas without wasting money to have some sleep....because It's Veagas.	
Nov 17 2009 	LAS VEGAS	really great hotel for family with kids, lost of rides in the dome, buffet and stores inside hotel had pretty good prices, easy transportation to get access to hotels on strip and prices where good	
Nov 17 2009 	Not a great place to stay	The circus circus hotel is just medicore. The manor rooms which are priced 5-10$ less than the tower rooms are really not part of &quot;circus circus&quot;. They are about 300 feet away across the street and good luck walking all the way from the front desk which is located in the tower to these manor rooms. If I go next time , I would much rather prefer the tower rooms though they are little more expensive.The rooms in manor are kind of okay but not great. They just do the job if you need a place to sleep and take shower. Don't stay in this hotel if you want to spend quality time at your honeymoon. But if you are looking for something really cheap this place is fine.The free circus shows in the Casino are pretty good given that they are &quot;free&quot;. The casino itself is not upscale. The smoke really gets into you at 2 a.m in the morning. I don't think they have any system in place to control smoke	
Nov 14 2009 	For just over 16 pounds/ under $30 a night this hotel is fine!!!!	We booked 4 nights at Circus Circus for Mid September 09. We were 4 Scottish &amp; 1 Canadian on a road trip travelling from Alberta, Canada and then heading back up California Coast and Las Vegas was to be one of the main stopping points on our trip. We were visiting Vegas for the first time and after reading mixed reviews about most hotels in Vegas we decided to stop reading the reviews &amp; just book so Circus Circus it was . At a very cheap price per night our party of 5; two couples and 1 other opted for 3 rooms. At check -in we were greeted by our polite but very straight to the point receptionist and allocated 3 rooms in the Skyrise tower 17th floor I think . Up to the rooms we went and were pleasantly surprised rooms very clean, good decorative order, modern TV and clean bathroom with basic amenities. After spending many hotel nights in North America and in Europe and working in 4 &amp; 5 star hotels on both sides of the atlantic, these rooms for the price we paid per night get no complaints from us!! They were serviced everyday to a good standard. We didn't encounter any problems with the hotel itself, free car-parking, buffet restaurant -ok its not fancy but if you didnt fancy walking in the heat to somewhere and wanted a quick breakfast or dinner it is fine. The Casino has the same machines in it as as all the others and the shops not fancy but if its cheap souvenirs your looking for thats what you get. The Swimming Pool is not the biggest and if you are someone who wants to spend all day at the pool then you might be a bit bored at this small area. Fitness Centre is well equipped.The hotels location is about 5-15 minutes walk from Caesars Palace, Mirage, Fashion Mall, Treasure Island &amp; the Wynn hotels etc - no problems walking to and from. Recommendations for Las Vegas -- see the Love Show in the Mirage - fantasticTake a Taxi to Fremont Street experience and eat at Golden Gate Casino for cheap old fashioned Vegas experience!The Peppermill restaurant just 5 mins walk from Circus Circus ( take a right and its on opposite side) glass low rise building open 24 hours - not fancy but great food &amp; drink pancakes and hot and crispy chicken wrap recommended!!Enjoy yourself	
Nov 11 2009 	Walmart Resort.....	Let me be fair in saying that the service and cleanliness was very good. I personally could not get past parents exposing thier children to smoking, intoxicated slutty dressed women, kids waiting for thier parents to stop gambling, the barage of pornographic material that litters the strip and every street corner, including the one right out front of this so called family friendly resort, and poor air quality from the smokers. If you are a conscious parent you will not even think about bringing your children to Las Vegas, I would not. The hotel is very dated and the rooms desperatly need updating. But as I said, the service was very good and it was clean.	
Nov 11 2009 	DIRTY NOISY POOR SERVICE - NEED I SAY MORE!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in September 2009. When we booked in the only rooms that were available were the lodges away from the main hotel. These rooms were like cardboard boxes, we could hear people in the rooms on both sides, below us, and outside the window so we didn't get much sleep. The bed was clean but the corridors leading to the rooms were dirty, the air conditioners were noisy, the staff were unfriendly. When we booked in we gave our credit card details and were asked to initial in 3 places and sign at the bottom of the checkin sheet. When we checked out 2 days later we noticed that we had been charged for telephones calls every day. When I queried this the person at the desk showed me that I had initialled that I agree to be charged for daily phonecalls even if we don't use the phone????? I objected at being told to initial this charge and not being told what it meant and the lady told me that there was nothing I could do as I'd initialed it. When I got angry and walked away the staff just laughed at me! So this is a warning to anyone who is planning to stay at the Circus Circus Hotel in Las Vegas, be careful what you initial when you check in. I will not stay at this hotel again even if it was the last hotel on earth and I certainly wouldn't recommend it to anyone.	
Nov 10 2009 	WONDERFUL TRIP	My partner took me to Las Vegas for my 50th Birthday and we had a fabulous time. We had read bad reviews about the hotel before we arrived so were a bit wary. However we need not have worried. We arrived at 5 pm in the evening and were given all relevant information about hotel, including a map which is very useful. We were initially given a smoking room but as soon as we told them neither of us smoked it was changed. We were on the 28th floor of the tower which had a great view down towards Freemont. The room was spacious and had plenty of room to store clothes. We asked for an extra pillow which arrived within the hour. Towels were changed every day and room kept spotless. I am a very fussy eater but this hotel provided everything from a quick snack to a full meal. The all day, all you can eat, buffet was tremendous value at $20 each. It runs from 7 am to 10 pm which allows for an evening snack if required. It consists of food from various regions both at breakfast (you could have 4 courses if required) and dinner (we never stayed in for lunch but took fruit and rolls in the morning which we took with us) which included a carvery style section of turkey, beef and ham. Admittedly there was not much choice of potatoes but there was veg and also a comprehensive salad bar which could be utilised. There was soup to start with, the salad bar, various desserts and an ice cream machine, fresh fruit, drinks, cakes/pastries. I really do not know what people expect from a buffet but we were very satisfied. There are plenty of other reasonably priced choices for food throughout the hotel including McDonalds and Subway. We played the slots in the Casino but there was little else by way of entertainment. We also took advantage of the 3-day bus pass obtained right outside the hotel which allowed endless travel up and down the strip. Before our retirm home the Business Centre in the hotel arranged our boarding passes for the three return flights home and also contacted the limo company taking us back to the airport. Admittedly there was a $6 charge for this but it gave us great peace of mind to enjoy our last day. This hotel may not have the glamour of some other hotels on the strip but we found the atmosphere very relaxing and all staff friendly and helpfu. I would have no hesitation recommending this hotel to anyone.	
Nov 7 2009 	Good Deal	Its 30 bucks a night......its on the strip......the steak house is amazing........the buffet is terrible, worst ever. Its clean, and comfy, Stayed for cheap at circus circus and partied everywhere else.	
Nov 4 2009 	Hotel is a lot older and it shows but your kids of all ages will love the entertainment	We were able to book a great price for air and hotel for a family of four at the Circus Circus Las Vegas, in April 2009. This was our 4th time to Vegas, 1st time with the kids.The hotel is one of the oldest hotels on the strip - and it shows. The front desk was very nice at check in but the service in other areas was terrible. We requested a fridge upon check in and after numerous calls, it was sent to our room close to midnight the next day. FYI - the fridge was so beat up and loud that we unplugged it after a few hours. Rooms say they have been updated but even the nicer rooms are no comparison to some of the other cheaper hotels on the strip. Just because the hotel is on the strip does not mean it is in a convenient location. There is a shuttle pickup almost right outside the hotel but get there early otherwise you'll be standing in line for a long time. The double deuce is a great way to get around but lines are long at every stop. We paid a little more for a cab just so we didn't have wait so long.Things I liked about the Circus Cirucs - McDonalds, Activities for kids of all agesDislikes - hotel (needs a makeover), location	
Nov 3 2009 	One of Many vegas Trips	We have been lots and plan to go more ! Great place! Loose Slots and great Service!	
Nov 2 2009 	DO NOT EAT AT THE BUFFET!!!! But however...	Do NOT for any reason eat at this buffet after 9 PM like we did!!! Friday night we met family for a late dinner and they decided they wanted to eat at the buffet because they served shrimp. Well, what wasn't burned was raw, the selection was very small not appetizing at all! The turkey was good and I stuck to that. Since it was closing time they were shutting down half of the buffet. Most of the partons were seated on the closed side while a couple of others were on the side where the food was served. You could tell that everyone wanted to go home...no one picked up our plates until they were stacked 6 or 7 high on our table. It was disgusting....However, we stayed on the strip because we got a great price for three nights! $159.00. I didn't expect too much for the price... but our room was clean and we had great housekeeping, cleaned well every day. Our room was old and needed brighter light bulbs but was clean and the beds were comfortable. (15th floor in the Main Tower) The first night we gambled until 4 am and walked away with more money than we started with and that continued for the rest of the weekend. All and all it was a great stay, the buffet was really our only complaint.	
Nov 2 2009 	Other than the indoor theme park it's just a mediocre hotel.	As usual rooms in USA are huge for average Asian sizes like us. Room facilities are as per normal, nothing spectacular as compared to hotels in ASEAN &amp; far east. The theme park is within a huge dome solely built for this uniqueness. Frankly, not many types of rides are available but could be a one day joy for children to spend. Plenty of restaurants but food are just so-so, could be better, &amp; not cheap for a hotel on The Strip. Depending on the needs of families, I would only recommend this hotel to those whose kids enjoy thrill rides.	
Nov 2 2009 	Hotel service for hostel price	Expected very little - especially for the price we paid (around 20 euros per person per night), and was very suprised: large clean room on the 33rd floor that was perfectly cleaned every day (fresh towels, new soap &amp; shampoo every day as well). Room looked recently renovated with good beds &amp; large LCD-television. Sure, it's not as luxury as the Strip-superhotels, but for the price of a hostel in any European city, I didn't expect it to be. Would certainly recommend this place.	
Nov 1 2009 	Stayed once before hotel has been updated!	Traveled to Vegas for leisure trip with husband, Brother &amp; sister-in-law for a few days of R&amp;R. Circus Circus was a good location at other end of strip in old town. We had afab time, stayed here about 5 years ago, hotel has been updated and looks good. Value of room was great with space and view in tower room. Many shops and bargains.Will stay again.	
Oct 31 2009 	Value for Money - yeah right	Front of house service invented the meaning of draging your chain, after waiting close to 1 hour to check (there was only 20 couples in front of us), we discover the room was only set up for 2. We sent a message to room service to requesting extra towels as we had 4 in the room and went out for the day. we came back to the room about 6 hours later to discover that no extra towels had been sent up, we had to call another 3 times over a 3 hour period to finally get our towels, then they put out the hand for a tip ...... just typical for the place.Food was o'k Note to hotel, if you are going to put slot machines in your green zone (area your children can walk through) and children stop and watch then don't start harrassing them, and don't ever call them bother or sister	
Oct 28 2009 	TIREDBUT FRIENDLY AND CHEAP	we asked to be moved on arrival.1st room only 1 lamp ouy of 3 worked,and swower rail faulty.rooms old and tired in towers,ask for newer room,much better.staff great,cc is for those on a budget and not too fussy.get a multi day bus pass,great value,and everyone on packed busses friendly and chatty	
Oct 28 2009 	Sub Average...	We spent six nights at the hotel. We stayed because the price was one of the cheapest. But you get what you pay for. We had a long line to wait in for check in on a Monday evening when we arrived. When we finally were checked in, we discovered you can't just use a bell cart to bring things from the car lot to your hotel room, which is at least a 10-15 minute walk depending on where your room is. You have to use the bell person and they expect tips. So we did the work ourselves. Then we found that we only had a few TV channels, no cable, or HBO free. No internet free, anywhere, you have to use a credit card or pay for it, this is true almost all the places on the Vegas strip. Food is not cheap like it used to be. Buffet's are anywhere from $8-12 a plate. McDonalds are everywhere, including in the Circus Circus hotel. We checked in, and walked around the hotel, only to find that the Adventuredome and pools close at 6pm. So entertainment in the evening at this hotel consists of bars, or the casino. Even the midway trapeeze/circus acts end early. The pools are small, and lacking compared to the other hotels in the area. They are right next to the road so you get to view the traffic. We upgraded our room from the most basic to the tower for $5 more a night, but they were not upgraded yet, so the bed was very uncomfortable, you could feel every spring in the bed. We called for extra pillows and the housekeeping said they had a restriction on pillows because they were running low. The next day we went to the Adventuredome only to find out that the water log ride was closed for repairs. It remained closed the rest of the trip. For the price it was a room and bed to sleep in. We spent most the remainder of the trip elsewhere on the strip.	
Oct 27 2009 	Oh What a Circus Circus!	I stayed here with friends for five nights in October 09.A recent reviewer of this hotel seems to think that all we tripadvisors want to do is moan!. We are all entitled to our opinion and everyone's experience will not only be different, but valid. This hotel has clearly seen better days and is in need of a major revamp. Coming from a country that has banned smoking in public places for a number of years and a lifetime non smoker I can totally concur with the stink that awaits you when you walk through the door. The other hotels along the strip allow smoking but they seem to be able to remove the smell more efficiently.My &quot;non smoking&quot; room wasn't much better and this in a hotel which children are catered for in a big way. This is a hotel which is definitely for families who are looking for Blackpool Pleasure Beach and piers under one roof. (UK Tripadvisors will know what I mean). Popular but not for everyone and the hotel blurb doesn't make that clear.As with others, check-in was tiresome and took 45 minutes. Once you got to the desk the process was quick enough but not very welcoming after a long flight. We were in the Manor rooms across the road. No better than Super 8 Motel standard. A small fridge was available but when I opened the door it was stinking so I never used it.The room was cleaned every day with fresh towels and toiletries. Bathroom is typical for this type of hotel. We never ate at the $20 buffet; MacDonalds is next door and there was definitely less waiting and at least you know what you are getting. Bar service was pretty basic but there was happy hour 2 for 1 which was good value.At the weekend, families arrive big time and although they are not allowed on the casino floor, kids tended to run beserk around the perimeter. You can understand the attraction Circus Circus has for kids. The lights, noise, excitement, circus acts, funfair etc...you get my drift. I got the impression that the whole theme of the place is a bit outdated. (Clowns, trapeze artistes, funfair rides etc)This is definitely a family friendly hotel and if you are prepared to accept cheap prices and lower standards and call it &quot;value for money&quot; then you won't go wrong. You only get what you pay for, as the say. However the hotel suffers from years of lack of investment and is now very far behind the other major hotels on the strip. If you lower your expectations, using this place as a place to sleep only, then there is plenty to enjoy around the rest of the strip and you will have a great time. Depending on the type of family you are, as a parent you will either love or hate this place. Couples could find a better deal elsewhere. Would I return? (My second trip to Las Vegas and my third visit to the US this year); To Las Vegas, definitely, but not to this hotel. The place has seen better days and needs to catch up with the 21st century instead of living off its hey day thirty years ago. Maybe just a coincidence but one of my friends who stayed with us was diagnosed with bed bug bites when he returned home.Enjoy it while it lasts because at this rate it will be flattened and replaced before long, or closed for major refurbishnment. Viva Las Vegas!	
Oct 25 2009 	Not Gay Friendly	My Partner and i Checked in to our room which was very nice with a view of the StripI needed to pick up some mail and when i enquired the Staff member made a number of Anti gay comments to his co-worker with a Smirk on his face. these comments were directed at us and made us feel un welcomed.The next night we ate at the buffet. UNLESS YOU HAVE A DEATH WISH DON'T EAT IN THE BUFFET YOU WILL GET FOOD POISIONING LIKE WE DID!!!! When we complained about the quality of the food the Staff we rude and said What did we expect for a Buffet.We had a great time In Vegas and we will return for another visit but we will not stay HERE.	
Oct 25 2009 	Disappointed	The service and hospitality left a lot to be desired. Instead of dealing with our complaints, they gave a list of excuses instead. Our particular room was like Motel 8 quality and we were told we were in the new section. Several of the elevators didn't work correctly. We paid to stay at this particular hotel and couldn't get decent parking. Overall it was a big disappointment and like they say, &quot;You Get What You Pay For&quot;.	
Oct 24 2009	Circus Circus - Value For Your Buck	We booked this hotel as part of a charter package for 4 nights, 5 days, and flight, came out to less than $500 CAN per person. When we arrived, the long check in line was a little annoying, but we did arrive around 10am, not the usual check-in time of 2pm. Still, they eventually added more staff, and we were in our room within a half hour. And what a nice room it was! We were given the West Tower, and when we walked in, it was nice and spacious, with a flat screen tv, and marble sinks and walls in the shower. It definitely looked remodeled, even though the hallway looked kind of like an old apartment. But after a couple of days, I didn't even care about that! I liked the fact it was north of the strip, so it was like being in the suburbs, away from the excessive noise and crowds of the main Strip area. We weren't planning on spending our entire day at Circus Circus, so it was more than adequate for our needs. The cleaning staff was really nice and left us extra things when we asked. The Circus buffet is hit and miss. If you want fancy dining, then you're going to the wrong place. If you want just enough food to stuff yourself that is still good quality, then $20 for a all day buffet purchase is a steal, considering each meal is at least $11. And if you don't want to eat that, I'd recommend the McDonalds, the best food ever. Don't bother paying for WiFi, just go to the fancy McDonads next door, and use their free WiFi. There's a Starbucks on Paradise and Sahara just 10 minutes walk north. The casinos in general were smokey, so Circus Circus wasn't any worse. I made $100 in the penny machine on my first day, so that was a treat!Overall, I liked the atmosphere of the place. I'm not into the fancy, shiny hotels. Those places are fine to visit and play the casinos, but they seem to posh for my tastes. And it was nice and quiet in our room, so you could even take a quiet nap in the afternoon. I didn't take advantage of the Adventure Dome, so I can't comment on the rides or anything else in there.We did the Grand Canyon tour, pre-booked via the internet, so it was nice that Circus Circus was one of a few hotels that the buses pulled into, both for pick up and drop off at the end of a long day.I will definitely be checking into this place again!	
Oct 23 2009 	Yuck!	We got a great package deal and that is reason we got this hotel. The buffet is disgusting my husband and I both were nauceous the remainder of the day after we ate the food. Each morning I would woke up with a stuffed up nose and I think it was because the room seemed so dusty. It is a great place to stay if you want a cheap trip to Vegas but otherwise spend more money and stay somewhere else.	
Oct 23 2009	Customer Service at its best Value for money Great place	Circus Circus las vegas.... wow Great place thats located in the heart of things..... fanatastic casino... were i won on roulette! People from all walks of life there rich/poor/family/couples/romance... somthing for eveyone! and a Big buffet style breaffast every morning with very helpfull and friendly staff.... If you get the chance go go go Pictures on there way.....	
Oct 22 2009 	circus circus is a great las vegas hotel if you have kids or are a kid at heart	this is a really great hotel the rooms may be older but it is a decent place to sleep the casino is totally awesome the adventuredome theme park is great for everyone as is the midway games the pizzeria is some of the best food ive ever tasted id recommend to anyone traveling to las vegas to stay at the circus circus hotel	
Oct 17 2009 	not real good	I chose Circus Circus because of the price. Sometimes you get what you pay for. I requested a quiet room. I was told the outside rooms are quieter than the tower rooms. What we got sounded like a motocross race track at nights. The noise was from chain saws that were being used for their holloween freight dome. The curtains do not shut well to block out the bright lights. The neighbors TV sets go right thru the walls. If you want a quiet room after a night of entertainment, Circus Circus is not the place to stay.	
Oct 12 2009 	well worth the price we paid	stayed at circus circus for 4 nights at begining of october 2009.Arrived quite late at night ast here was a delay with our flight due to weather at jfk airport new york. so atleast we didnt have to cue up at reception. Our room was loverly, large, with 2 big double beds dont know why as we only needed one.The hotel is a little bit out the way from the main strip but there is a bus stop just outside the hotel which we used through out the holiday 7$ for 24 hours. was disapointed to find the fair ground inside the hotel only opened at wkend so didnt get to see it . We didnt really use our hotel facilitys as most of our time was spent down at the main strip useing the posh hotels facilitys.weather was warm just wore shorts all day , even night time wasnt that cold. watched a couple of shows while we where there, American superstars was really good the micheal jackson look alike was excelent and the lion king was really good. get your tickets at one of the many tix booths for all last minute shows, some half price.will defo go to vegas again.	
Oct 12 2009 	A good place to stay if you have kids	Located on the strip, the hotel itself was crowded when we visited in Feb '09, but the rooms were good and clean. The beds were nice and comfortable. Its a good place to stay especially when you are just going to come back to the hotel to sleep after you day of sightseeing. There are some activities for children too so that they can enjoy. Overall a pleasant stress free stay.	
Oct 11 2009 	good value for money	We stayed at Circus Circus for 3 nights on the last leg of our honeymoon. Certainly value for money. Its situated at the bottom end of the Strip and not far from Downdown. There is a public bus stop just outside where we got a day pass (24 hours) for $7. If you arrive in Las Vegas between 6am-10pm then you are best to book a shuttle service which cost $7 pp each way from the airport to hotel. We arrived after midnight and got a taxi which cost us $34. We were a little disappointed that the fairground wasnt open the 3 nights we were there. Hotel staff were very helpful and friendly. We ate in the buffet restraunt which cost $20 for an all day pass.	
Oct 11 2009 	Place to stay- ok	The rooms are fine - just make sure if you specified a &quot;no-smoking&quot; room that you do get it. They changed our room to a non-smoking without any problems.The hotel casino/restaurant area is very smoky, and we found hard to tolerate - so went to gamble to other casinos.Its location on the strip is further from the main hotels and casinos, but the bus that goes up and down the strip stops right there. The rate was very good, however. We booked 4 nights with 1 of them being free.THere is a McDonald's very close for cheap breakfast and a few places selling half-priced show tickets. Overall stay was ok, but hated the smoke-filled casino area.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great hotel for a great price	We stayed at the hotel for a night during the week and then came back for the weekend. I checked a bag with the concierge between the 2 stays, and the first day was free!We stayed in different rooms for the 2 stays- both rooms were spacious, clean and beautiful. My friend and I each had a very comfortable queen size bed.We ordered a fridge for the room and it was promptly delivered.Check-in and check-out were fast and efficient, and there was pleanty of parking.The hotel is located towards the end of the strip- so it was easy to avoid traffic by taking the highway from one end of the strip to the other.	
Oct 9 2009 	Would not stay there again!	The room had NO extras ... not even a coffee pot and the hair dryer (which I guess was the only extra) only blew cold air. The Buffet was the worst I've ever been to in vegas ... EVER!!	
Oct 9 2009 	Very cordial and accomidating	When we arrived, we got a free upgrade on the room, they brought us a refrigerator and made sure we had everything we needed	
Oct 9 2009 	get a life moaners	Hi first time to vagas stayed in this real awful hotel called circus circus well thats what i was led to believe before i got there some of you lot out there just like to moan i read reviews of this hotel before i left home and i was ready to change hotels i adopted the attitude awwww well i&quot;m not going to vagas to sit in hotel room hahahahaha The hotel was great and real value for money I never clicked with a lady whilst there so i was not privy to see other hotels rooms so all i can say is circus is great value for money anyone going in the future should not be worried re this hotel and if they get there and its not up to your standard well don&quot;t book 3star hotel and expect Ceasors palace you eejits rooms were quiet apart from my friends snoring hotel was spead out over huge area but was interesting finding your way out eventually location was a short bus trip out (without traffic about 4 mins i&quot;d say in traffic about 15 mins ) but that was fine got to meet the locals hahahahahah anyway this hotel is fine and if i couldn&quot;t afford Ceasors i&quot;d happily stay here again hope this has eased your worries if you have already read the MOANERS page	
Oct 8 2009 	Good value for the money	The room was good. Free circus acts were pretty good. Lot of entertainment for kids.	
Oct 8 2009 	Excellent value great for kids	We had a great time at the Circus Circus. It's a little old but overall clean, good location, and excellent value. I had a 11yr old and 20yr old boy and both enjoyed the Adventuredome park. Our stay included 2-1 tickets, so that was another excellent value. The buffet was uninspired, but again with 2-1 coupons an excellent value. The only hitch for the trip was the checkin - it took probably close to an hour in a line that just didn't seem to move. The rooms have individual AC units mounted under the windows and they are pretty loud, but we got used to it. Room was clean and cozy. The circus area really needs an update but the free show was entertaining. The room was so cheap that we just left it vacant for a few days to visit the Grand Canyon.	
Oct 8 2009	excellent hotel fast check-in great room	had a great view, room made up everyday evan when we didn&quot;t leave until 11:00 am, checking out is simple and fast, evan somebody from nebraska could do it (me), ask for a tower room, swimming pool accross the street via walk way.	
Oct 8 2009 	Best for families with kids!	Stayed with young children and had a great time. Lots to do! Buffet was okay. Food choices were good for picky eaters.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Value for $$$	great value for the $$$...lots for Kids to do! Fun hotel!	
Oct 8 2009 	Circus Circus was a fun place to stay...great for kids	If your looking a great value with lots to do...then circus circus is for you! Great location on the strip...if you have kids...you never really have to leave the property...Mcdonalds is right next door! Fun and lots of adventures within the hotel! Staff was really nice...great value for the $$$!	
Oct 8 2009 	Understand you get what you pay for!!	I did my research and I decided to take a chance! I took tips off here and tired to stay in the west tower where the remodeled rooms are and I asked for a non smoking room. We checked in really late and when we got there we were sent to our smoking room on the smoking floor. If you smoke you don't understand the disgust a non smoker feels when being devoured by an entire hallway and room that smells like cigarette smoke. I was nice and politely asked to be moved to another room and guess what? They were all out of non smoking rooms!! Thankfully someone read we were on our honeymoon and a very nice person upgraded us to the honeymoon suite and no one ever stays in the room because most honeymooners opt for a better hotel! Its was comfortable, big and I was happy for the rest of the trip. The free circus acts were cool. There are lots of kids on the weekend but not during the week. Hotel was a bit difficult to navigate. Overall we had an awesome stay and if i'm on a budget i may take the risk and stay there again i'll just know what i'm getting myself into. After all its vegas so start your gambling now and book your room at Circus Circus!	
Oct 7 2009 	Overrun with bad service	To say this place has bad service would be overstating it. My friend and I booked a couple of tickets to see the FrightDome on opening night Oct 2, 2009. Had issues getting the ticket to print out ahead of time and was told I would need that to get in. I explained I had an email with confirmation number and they still said they would not honor it. Got the runaround then they asked for my cell # to call me back after they &quot;looked into it.&quot; Never got a call back. Was finally able to get my ticket into the will call booth online, but when we arrived at the hotel by cab there were no signs or advertisements anywhere to get to the FrightDome. We asked many employees and their response was, &quot;What is the FrightDome?&quot; We also purchased the &quot;fast pass&quot; feature which is supposed to get you in faster through the lines. This was a complete joke and nothing more than to get $15 more out of you. People with regular tickets were being allowed into the attractions before fast pass holders. There was really no good attitude among the staff working these attractions, and many of them barely spoke English. A completely unorganized, poorly planned event. It had the potential to be really great, but missed the mark completely. Circus Circus, if you are reading this, you better get your act together or you will see the fate of the Dunes, Landmark and the Sands. I have not stayed at Circus Circus, but after this experience on the North Strip, I doubt I ever will.	
Oct 7 2009 	The food was average and the room was decent.	I stayed in Room 343 on the 3rd floor. The carpet looks worn out and needs to be replaced. I didn't see any security patrolling my room. The door was hard to lock and sometimes it would pop open. You have to slam it to make sure it locks. The food was okay. I regret booking a room there. I should stayed at Treasure Island.	
Oct 6 2009 	FIRST VEGAS EXPEIRIENCE NOT A LET DONW	This is my first Vegas trip and my friends and I were on a budget. We searched for several of good deals and the cheapest one with a hotel on the strip was Circus. Check in: Only 2 people working dealing with check ins and outs. Once it was our turn the lady behind the desk was very helpful with our answers and accommodations. We had a queen size bed but switched us to a room with two queens for the same price. There is an extra $1 a day for phone charge. Our room was a decent size room over looking the pool and part of the strip. Our maid was very nice and gave us extra towels and pillows. It was a long walk to get to our elevator. We had to go through every shop and slot/tables while the air is filled with so much cigarette smoke it feels as if you are inhaling a pack a day. The hotel is very family oriented as kids are running rampage while drinking 100 OZ soda pop while parents are gambling their college funds away. They have a nice area with rides and carnival games along with really cool free acrobatic show. The buffet has a deal that you can eat all day for $20 ( lunch and dinner) The food is bland at best and lacks flavor. They added six new dishes for dinner and had the same thing from lunch. If you are planning to go and see the rest of the hotels I strongly recommend purchasing the Deuce bus pass. For $15 for 3 days unlimited. Over all Circus for families is great as there is a ton of things the kids can do. For couples the money saved on the hotel you can enjoy a good dinner on the strip or a grand canyon trip. For friends- its a room with a bed, shower and on the strip in the end that is all you need.	
Oct 6 2009 	Not bad for cost considering it's Vegas	We stayed here for 2 nights and managed to find a discounted rate of $24 per night, which made the whole experience bearable. The Sunrise Tower wasn't that easy to find a way into and it is shabby but the room was OK. No frills but for the cost we didn't expect any. They did charge $11.99 for the Internet and we didn't use other facilities which would have also cost: this would have put up the cost of the room considerably. The pool area is wonderful, well worth staying for. We noticed that a phone charge was automatically put on the bill so had to ask for that to be taken off, since we hadn't used the phone! Need sharp eyes. The buffet was a good price but the Subway charged way above what we'd been paying for weeks during our travels, in 21 other States, cost nearly twice as much. That end of Vegas is getting a bit left behind but we enjoyed our time there, wouldn't stay any longer anyway. We've stayed in more basic places in Vegas in the past so this was OK.	
Oct 3 2009 	Perfectly Acceptable Place To Stay	I was worried to say the least after having read many pretty awful reviews on this site before departure but on arrival there was no chaos or long lines at check-in although they appeared to have no rooms available in the skyrise or casino towers upgraded us to a west tower room. The room was a disabled one and so there was no bath but a huge walk in shower, large comfortable bed, flat screen tv and comfortable chairs and table. I was still a little worried as to the quality of the other rooms as our friends were to join us there in a few days and would unlikely receive an upgrade too but their room in the skyrise tower whilst a little annoying to get to was perfectly clean and comfortable and I could have happily stayed there for the full 10 days. The 2 pool areas were adequately equipped and comfortable although I didn't have much time to spend there, the jacuzzi's were wonderfully warm and there was a bar serving drinks and snacks whilst playing music. When I first arrived I thought the hotel was only a stone's throw away from the action on the strip but a few days later and the blisters on my feet told me otherwise, due to the scale of all the hotels everything looks a lot nearer than it actually is and once our friends arrived we pretty much took taxi's everywhere which were very good value as the blasted deuce bus was always full and meant a 30 minute wait just to board before crawling along in the strip's traffic so for me wasn't really an option after my first attempt! One disappointment was the lack of lounge bars it seemed only possible to have a drink if you were sat in the middle of the casino although this was the case with many hotels. Good hotel for vegas on a budget although next time I'll try and save a little more and splash out for one of my favourites further down the strip.	
Oct 3 2009 	cheap for the strip	I know there are better hotels on the strip, but this one is cheap! We did book a room in the West Tower which I think has been done up in the last couple of years. Asked for a room with a good view, which we got, on the 34th floor. The room was clean and comfortable and for 17 a night for us both (mon-thurs rates), I was quite happy. The monorail is a bit of a walk in the heat down to the Hilton, but the Deuce buses are very regular and cheap - if a bit crowded.The best thing about the Circus Circus - you have Slots of Fun right on your doorstep!! 50c roulette, $3 craps and $2 blackjack!!If you are on a budget and want to stay on the strip, then I think it's a good choice, although I have heard really bad reports on the manor rooms, I have not personally stayed in them so can't comment, so if your budget can stretch to it, go for the West Tower.	
Oct 3 2009 	great time great price	I stayed in te manor and I have no idea what anyone is complaining about. I had 2 beds, my own fridge, the room was clean when I arrived and kept clean while I stayed. My room had a color t.v. that had NBC CBS FOX FOX News and Cnnn News and TBS...maybe a few more... the bathroom was adaquit size. I had an iron and an ironing board...What else do you want for the price???? The poker room was clean and curtious. The food at the buffet was acceptable and always hot. For $20 a day all u can eat i was defiantly impressed. The check in line was a little long but the service people were friendly and accomadating. I would defiantly return for another trip.....Unless I hit the lotto, then I would probably try somthing fancyer.... :} (sorry no pics..what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas)	
Oct 3 2009 	Another good trip	This is our 3rd visit to Circus , Circus and again it was a good trip. Yes the check in queue is long but the staff on the desk worked very efficiantly to get us through as quickly as they could. We were upgraded ( again) to a West Tower Room which are lovely all newly refurbished and comfortable.The Buffet is reasonable to eat at, the breakfasts are very good, the evening dinners not quite so good.The pools are always good to sit at during the morning as it was so hot during our stay. We have always found the staff very friendly, so dont take notice of the all the negative reviews. We were worried the first time we went with the reviews but have never had any problems. Yes, it is busy at the weekend with families going to the Adventure Dome but they do no harm to anyone. If you didn't like children why would you book to stay there! We loved to see all the kids faces when they came away with arm full of toys etc. All in all it was another enjoyable stay. I tip - there is a trip to Laughlin you can book for $5 at the trip shop in the casino area. It is the bargain of the month/year. You get a coach trip to a small town on the Colorado River with 3 or 4 casinos and a free buffet thrown in!! a lovely day out. Pick up is 8am and back by 6pm. Also good prices for all the shows at the 1/2 price bureau in the hotel. Dont believe all the negative reviews, some people you can never please!!!	
Oct 2 2009 	Good vaue for the price	We stayed there on a fridaynight after looking for a cheap nice hotel in LV. We paid 75$+ tax (not bad for a weekend) and we mentioned that we were on our honeymoon. They gave us a nicer room, and THAT was a nice room (14814)! big an open, flat-screen TV clean and quiet. Could not ask for anything else.A great option if you are looking for a cheap hotel in LV.	
Sep 30 2009 	Lock the door inside	In the early morning of the last night there, I woke up because of a clicking noise and jumped up to see someone opened the door. They closed it right away but I could hear that they opened a wrong room. My mistake was that I forgot to lock the door inside, but if other key cards can open my room then that is really scary.That was my mistake but think of the time you are not in the room, someone can open your room easily.Key cards are not completely safe as I thought before. I don't know what really happened so I will not rate the hotel on this incident.Other than that, everything is fine.	
Sep 30 2009 	Cannot believe I paid 100 dollars for this!	So I made a reservation at expedia for the Circus Circus in hopes to stay the night in a real hotel on the strip. Instead, they put us in the Manor rooms, which is worse than the travelodge/super8/motel6. All of which were available for less than what I paid at this dump.And I already disliked clowns...So unless they GUARANTEE you a room in the towers, steer FAR AWAY from here.	
Sep 29 2009 	You get what you pay for...	Our family of four (boys 10 &amp; 8) stayed at Circus Circus in mid-late August for 3 nights. It is an extremely large, somewhat chaotic place which the boys loved and my wife and I tolerated. On the plus side, the kids LOVED the Adventuredome (and the beds for some reason), were not looked down upon and were excited to be in Vegas. The rooms were dark and somewhat dated and aside from a quickly remedied issue with the bathtub, fine (except for the television reception which was inexplicably awful). However, housekeeping was literally unable to provide us with an extra pillow, which is difficult to believe in a hotel with 3770 rooms. The casino was unspectacular (skip Slots 'o Fun next door) but actually had a decent vibe and the restaurant choices were adequate. The desk staff was pleasantly accommodating for the amount of people they have to deal with. There is also a discount tickets desk in the lobby for a good number of shows in town which we used to good effect.The hotel is located on the north end of the strip and despite what others have written here, it is a hike to the main strip areas and traffic on Las Vegas Boulevard is a nightmare. (I would take Industrial Avenue behind the hotel to &quot;get somewhere&quot;.)Circus Circus is fine place to stay if you need to do Las Vegas on the very cheap or if you have younger kids for whom the Adventuredome (which is really kind of good) is a big draw. However, if you are looking for glitz and glamour, there are better, moderate priced choices. If I were to return to Vegas with my kids, I would consider staying here again; for a weekend away with my wife, no.	
Sep 28 2009 	Decent - saves $ to spend on shows	Stayed with my 15-year old daughter. We saved quite a bit of $, which allowed us to go see Blue Man Crew and Criss Angel Believe (Cirque du Soleil) -- both shows were amazing!There's lots to do inside. Good for kids - especially the Adventuredome rides. My daughter was thrilled that she got to meet Criss Angel, who came to his store inside the casino to sign autographs, and take pictures with guests one day - great guy.You have to visit the other ritzy casinos while there - a lot of construction on the strip right now though -- I would recommend hoping on one of many buses that peruse up and down the strip all day/night -- it can be quite a walk if your not up to it. Also, in Vegas its illegal to hail a cab on the street (many cabs were robbed), so you stand in a taxi line at the hotels, which goes quick and really isn't bad at all. Our particular room (in the tower) was ok, but it was hot and the a/c turned off automatically after a few minutes. Also, very little in the way of room tv stations and the in-room movie ordering didn't work in our room -- we finally got one movie to start, but then it cut off 1/2 way through. And, the last night of our stay, the room keys/cards just stopped working and it took us getting ahold of hotel security to finally let us in our room. Aside from these relatively minor problems, it was fine.	
Sep 27 2009 	Very nice and funny hotel not so far from the centre of the strip	I stayed 2 nights in this hotel in august, the hotel is composed of two main buildings and, on the other side of the road, of 5 minor buildings. The hotel is full of attractions: a huge cover dome with rollercoaster, two swimmingpools, casino, restaurants...everything based on the circus style. The rooms are big and the bed very comfortable, the bathroom is clean, and you can park the car in front of your room (if you are in one of the minor buildings).The location is not so far from the main hotels of the strip, 5 minutes far from the bellagio.A good tip: you can park your car for free in every hotel on the strip! Very usefull and you can save money, don't use the taxi, very expensive!	
Sep 26 2009 	Circus Circus Las Vegas Nevada	We were there to attend a wedding and it was a lot of fun. Can't complain about Circus Circus it was just fine. The hotel rooms are nothing special, we stayed in the tower and I am glad we did. It still was a hike to get out of the casino but not too bad. The pool was ok. For the price I would recommend people give it a try if they are on a budget.	
Sep 26 2009 	family wedding	went to circus circus over christmas 2008 for a family wedding. the rooms were very clean, large and looked after very well. the hotel was busy because of the christmas holidays but the staff were very helpfull to us british people, even on christmas day when we had a problem over hiring wedding suites for the men, one lady went out of her way to help us out of a very difficult situation. we were a party of 13 adults and 2 kids and no one had any problems at all. we had trips arrange for us very well. the buffet area for our breakfast was superb. i would recommend this hotel to anyone, value for money and service at its best.	
Sep 23 2009 	you get what you pay for	hey, we didnt have to pay anything to stay at this hotel. thru credit card points and what not we were able to make reservations for free at this hotel. it wasn't your 5 star hotel room, but it served its purpose when it came to providing a place to stay. while it was clean, the room smelled like cigarette smoke even tho we asked for a non smoking room. but it had a/c, and had a small working refridgerator and the location was good. they also had a small fitness center that we used. which we had to pay 5 dollars for (per room as opposed to per person). all in all, our stay went well, altho we thought hospitality was on the poor side.... but really, how can we complain that much when we got the hotel room for free...	
Sep 23 2009 	Rooms are clean but if you want fancy go somewhere else	We ended up in Circus Circus since the Flamingo lost our reservation and it was fully booked. We decided for the price to stay there and at that point there were not that many hotels to pick. I'm glad we rented a car because it is further than it appears. We didn't stay at the hotel, so it was perfect to sleep. The rooms were very clean and same as the bathroom with no luxurious ammenities. Next time, I will pick somewhere in the middle of the strip with all the walking that we did and the car came handy as well. The casino look kinda dirty on the morning light.	
Sep 23 2009 	VERY pleasantly surprised!	I was hesitant about booking our rooms (3 of them), here after reading all of the negative reviews. Luckily, I've never been one to listen to negativitty. YES, Circus Circus is one of the older hotels, but I had not one problem with them! We arrived around noon and the VERY friendly desk clerk let us check in early with no hesitation. We were even given &quot;buy one, get one free coupons for the Adventuredome (which is a lot of fun). I was traveling with a group of friends and my sister with her 10 month old son. Circus Circus was a very kid friendly hotel, actually it seemed as thought ALL of Vegas was, as there were children everywhere :-) ALL three of our West Tower rooms were very clean and just like any standard hotel room. The staff was always nice and helpful. Even the buffet was great and reasonabliy priced. There is a Deuce bus stop right outside the front of the hotel, so getting to the main part of the strip was easy! I would recommend this hotel to everyone who would rather spend their money on gambling and shows and not on a lavish hotel that you're ONLY going to be sleeping in!!!	
Sep 23 2009 	Bed bugs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Warning!!!! Do not stay here. My husband an I went to Vegas to celebrate our 5th anniversary. Our 2nd night there I woke up to find 10-12 Bed Bugs in the bed where we were sleeping. It was biggest inconvience ever. We had to leave all of our belongings in that room and buy new clothes to keep from bringing the bugs home. We missed out on a day of previously planned activities (already paid for). The compensation only included the replacement of our clothes and luggage which we had to sign a contract for. Three days later I noticed several bumps on me and I am pretty sure they are from the bugs. But nothing could be done because of the contract we signed. I was honest and in the end got screwed. Now I am deathly afraid of bugs and hotels. This is a complete health hazard. If you care about your family, do not stay here.	
Sep 22 2009 	Not as bad as I expected	We stayed in the SkyRise tower and the rooms were actually decent. I had heard and read some HORRIBLE reviews but was stuck staying here with a group.I enjoyed the buffet but my friends did not. It was priced decent for what you get, comparable to Golden Corral. McDonalds is inside with decent prices that families and people on a budget can afford. If you get hungry after 10pm, you dont have many food options as every restaurant seemed to be closed from 10pm to 2pm except McDonalds and a few snack places.Decor is not bright and shiny and new like other hotels, but its bearable and okay if you are just going to be out on the strip all day anyway.The only thing that I could complain about are the children... I am allergic to them and they were everywhere. &lt;kidding&gt;	
Sep 22 2009 	Never Never again at Circus Circus	The hotel was old and and several different locations (manors, towers) and I stayed in the West Tower and others stayed in the Manor. The hotel looked old, the staff was not helpful and they had so many other sidewalk vendor selling their stuff it was just very uncomfortable. The Manor location of circus circus was similar to and old Motel 6, old furniture, old bedding &quot;Yuck&quot;. We had about 20 people staying at the Hotel to attend a wedding and everyone agreed the next time they visit Vegas they will never stay at Circus Circus.	
Sep 22 2009 	Fantastic hotel and great value for money!	Just returned from trip, thought Circus Circus was fantastic, was great value for money, the rooms were really spacious and clean with large bathrooms, TV's, air con etc. location was fine we were a little further up the strip than most hotels but there was a bus stop outside, the buses travel up and down the strip $3 per ride or $7 24 hr pass, easy to use, buy tickets before you get on the bus. Hotel facilities were great, lovely pool, free sunbeds and towels, poolside bar, plenty of space and shade, 2 pools, 2 spa pools. several casinos, main casino was nice, good service etc. plenty of on site shops including a great gift shop. never went in Adventuredome which is the 5 acre theme park even though you get one free wristband per person, looked cool though. Several restaurants in the hotel, I recommend the buffet, its amazing value for money, all you can eat and has a great selection of food! The all you can eat pasta not so good but the other food in mexitalia looks good just avoid the pasta! Garden Grill has a large menu, the $2 bar it turns into between 2am-2pm is def worth a visit too!	
Sep 21 2009 	this place should be condemned	The location is poor , the rooms outdated and dirty , we saw cockroaches on the wall in the bathroom , the casino was so smokey that we could barely breathe . I recommend asking someone you know about the best place to stay , don't go by the internet site .	
Sep 21 2009 	a good hotel in a poor location	this was our third stay at circus circus. The rooms are standard and very clean. My only main gripe is that the safe costs 50c per use, this was a bit annoying when you lock it and then find something else you need locked away. Also with it being a key access safe it didnt seem as secure as the new electronic ones. The air conditioning was a bit noisy switching on and off so we had to sleep with it off, this didnt bother us too much as we're not used to AC anyway.This was our first time that we used the pool area and we were pleasantly surprised by it. &quot; reasonable sized pools in a clean area tho a little out of the way access wise, to get there u need to take the elevator to the 3rd floor, walk to the end of the corridor go through a couple of doors and take another lift to the pool area. The pool remained in the sun all day which surprised me considering its location to the towers.Circus is in waking distance of the strip but it is quite a walk. Fashion show mall is only 10 minutes away but the main bulk of the strip is quite a distance which was annoying in the heat of summer (we went in september not exactly the hottest month). As a group of 4 we mainly got taxis as it worked out slightly cheaper for us than the bus would have.The casino itself is massive and the hotel has 3 different towers, one of which has recently been redecorated, unfortunately ours wasnt one of the recenty redecorated rooms but it was still clean and comfy. We didn't eat in circus circus very often as there were a lot of other places we wanted to go. We did try the buffet breakfast which was good value and sufficient. We also tried the casino cafe which was also good for a small meal but service was very slow and we were in a hurry. This was our third stay and the first time that the distance bothered me, the first 2 times we were travelling the 3rd was purely leisure. As the strip develops further in this area this again could well become a prime location, if they don't implode it first.	
Sep 20 2009 	Too far out of the way	This hotel was great value for money, it was clean and served the purpose of a bed for the night. The downside was that it was too far away from everything else on the strip apart from Fashion Show Mall, It took about 45-50 mins to walk from the Bellagio. Also the room safe was cash operated, it needed 2 quarters each time you wanted to lock the safe which was non refundable and a bit of a con.	
Sep 20 2009 	nice cheap clean hotel. excellent value.	i think this hotel was excellent vlaue. there was a promo on wensite, book 3 nights, get one free. thee 3 nights i payed for were $40 each and got Fri night (usually $115) for free. The rooms were big (same size as MGM's albeit a little dated). The rooms were clean, the aircon worked well. I dont think it was far out of the way off the strip, easilly withing walking distance to caesars and othre casinos or there is a bus right outside that takes you down the stip for $3 one way or $7 for 24 hours. The casino itself was not the best, and as others said there were a lot of kids. I was happy i stayed here, and when i went out at night to the othre casinos and cluns, i just got a cab or bus, it was very easy.	
Sep 19 2009 	Absolute crap	The staff were ignorant we were not asked if we wanted smoking or non smoking when booking in the reception staff just couldnt give a damn. The bar stafff on hearing our english accents ignored us and served everyone else do they understand if they were polite they would recieve more tips??????????One good point when we were upgraded due to faulty plumbing the bellboy Austin was absolutly fantastic.Would not recommend this accomodation to any english as we were ignored	
Sep 18 2009 	A good value. All of Vegas is on sale but this was a good find.	Whether visiting a city or taking a cruise, it is best NOT to choose the most elaborate place for your first visit or sail on the best ship first. This way, you will appreciate the luxuries more on subsequent visits.Circus Circus is 1980's Las Vegas and suitable for kids as there is an enclosed amusement park on premise.Not the best location on the strip if you are carless, but everything one needs to get a feel for Vegas on the cheap.	
Sep 18 2009 	A mixed bag overall but a very good value	My wife and I decided to take a long weekend in Las Vegas for our anniversary at the end of August. Southwest Airlines Vacations and the Circus Circus website essentially offered the same deal  a free hotel room with purchase of the airfare. (We booked through Southwest Vacations.) Despite some of the negative reviews here, I cant really argue with free. So off we went.As other people have noted, Circus Circus is an older property located toward the north end of the Strip. And with all the construction on the adjoining properties, there is less activity going on in that area. As a result, the traffic around the hotel isnt as bad as in the main part of Las Vegas Blvd. Plus, and the hotel has direct access to Industrial Road  the access road on the west side of the Strip. (Most of the hotels on the west side of Las Vegas Blvd have access from Industrial Rd and Frank Sinatra Drive, but not always direct access. So you can avoid the traffic on the Strip by using the back way, but it is not always clear how to cut back over when you want to.) On the other hand, you will need a car, particularly in the summer.There seemed to be plenty of parking at Circus Circus, but the garages are older and the spaces are kind of narrow. The public areas at the hotel, including much of the casino floor, seem rather cramped compared to the newer hotels we walked through. The Promenade area around the AdventureDome is often packed. We walked through the midway area and the AdventureDome. The circus acts and the rides looked kind of fun, but we dont have kids and there were other things we wanted to do. The hotel has two smallish pools and two hot tubs. They are well-maintained, but it takes some walking (and at least 2 elevators) to get to them. We only ate at one of the restaurants  the Pizzeria. If you are hungry and tired (we were), the food is adequate. However, we paid $30 for a personal pizza, a calzone, a glass of wine and a soft drink. There are much better options in Las Vegas.A decent hotel room can make just about any place bearable, and Circus Circus delivered that. We stayed in a Main Tower Room. It was somewhat plain, with few extra amenities, and dated dcor. Some of the furniture was worn here and there and the clock didnt work. Plus, they put us in an end room with a view of a concrete wall (the West Tower). However, the room itself was spacious and clean with a comfortable bed. And since we were in Vegas we didnt spend a lot of time in the room anyway except to sleep and change clothes. Our experience with the service at the hotel was generally good. We arrived late and there wasnt a line for check-in. There was a significant line at check out, but the hotel offers a self-check out and I only had to drop off the card keys in the box. Housekeeping did a good job. And I was pleasantly surprised about the elevators. For the most part, they were fast, well-maintained and conveniently located. The only exception was the pool elevators, which were slow, hard-to-find and hot. And on one occasion, the doors didnt open. We had to ride back down to the pool deck and take the other elevator.All in all, I cant really complain about Circus Circus. Yes, it is aging and it is not as nice as some of the newer hotels. But it is kind of fun in its own way. Most importantly, it makes a decent base of operations from which to see other parts of Las Vegas. And we got a great deal. So what more could you really want?	
Sep 17 2009 	I am Cheap but I wish I wasn't	This place is a cheap way to see Vegas but it is in a bad location and the kids are EVERYWHERE!!! Its not bad for the price I guess but we booked a King Bed and got 2 Double beds. We booked through Southwest Airlines so that might have had something to do with it. If I go back to Vegas I will try to stay at a cheaper place closer to the middle of the Strip like Treasure Island, The Mirage, or The Flamingo. New York New York was cool but it was really smoky.	
Sep 16 2009 	Cheap rooms with great location	This hotel is based at the north of the strip and is ideal for anyone who is looking for a cheap hotel on the strip. The rest of the strip is easily accessable from this hotel and downtown vegas a short cab ride away. The hotel looks a little dated and could do with a lick of paint in certain areas. It is ideal for families who can take advantage of the adventuredome which is inside the hotel. But, as mentioned this was ideal for what we wanted; a cheap hotel with low stakes blackjack, clean and comfortable rooms in a great location on the strip.	
Sep 15 2009 	cheap way to see Vegas	We have just returned from Vegas after one weeks stay at Circus Circus, after reading the revues before I went I was starting to get a bit worried but overall the experience was fine. When we arrived at the hotel I requested a room in the West Tower which we were given without any problem, the room itself was very large compered to other hotels I have stayed in when holidaying in Europe, it had two double beds in it a small table couple of chairs and a flat screen t.v, it was also clean.The hotel was fairly quiet for the first few days (we arrived on a Wednesday) but at the weekend it was packed to the rafters as it was Labor Weekend.Vegas is fabulous and will definitely be going there again, as for Circus Circus I have no complaints I got what I payed for, but next time I go I will stay at one of the more expensive hotels further down the strip though after checking prices it looks like it will cost double to what I payed this time. Circus Circus is ok but in need of a revamp but if you are taking children to Vegas this hotel would suit you fine, if you don't like kids give it a miss. If you are going to see a show in Vegas see KA at the MGM Grand it's fantastic.	
Sep 13 2009 	Stolen Football Boots	Myself &amp; my 13 year old son stayed at Circus Circus for 4 days, which co-incided with my son's 13th birthday. The night before his birthday we went to the Outlet Village by taxi to buy some new football boots as so much cheaper than UK. We got a great pair of Adidas predators and took them back to our room. Unfortunately, I kept the receipt in the bag with the box of boots and put them next to the table in our room. When we checked out we realised that I had not packed his boots. As soon as we got to our next hotel our rep rang Circus Circus and they checked our room. The only people who had access to our room other than us were their staff but they have refused to accept liability. If you are staying here make sure that all your luggage is kept secure - I didn't realise that we were expected to put such things as football boots in the safe!!!! Left really sour taste as I know that the they have been stolen but no-one will believe me. Unfortunately, as we were in such a rush to catch a bus to next destination I didn't realise immediately that the boots had vanished.Other than that hotel is like others have reported, a big children;s paradise &amp; casino. Food not great and the Manager in the Garden Grill was very rude after I had problems with debit card. Wouldn't recommend it.	
Sep 11 2009 	Nice nothing special !	Circus circus has good sized rooms, very clean, and overall service good. However it's rather tired looking and right up the end of the strip a long trek from where most good bits are. Stayed in the skyrise tower which was again tired looking and rather shabby, marks on walls and chipped bits here and there, needs a revamp really. The hotel also had a weird musky water smell to it, kind of damp smell. If you want budget accommodation and then taxi or walk to the other areas for entertainment then it's fine.	
Sep 11 2009 	My aching back!!!	On our first trip to Las Vegas, we decided to go cheap and stay at CC. The overall atmosphere was like an amusement park. Kids running everywhere with parents nowhere to be found (probably gambling). Our room was subpar in the back part of the building facing the RV park. It was ok, but the beds were so uncomfortable. I could feel every spring in the mattress. They need to spend some dollars on upgrading the rooms. Would never stay here again. Spend the extra few dollars and stay elsewhere on the strip.	
Sep 10 2009 	circuis circuis is great for chldren and teens	after reading lots of bad reviews about circuis circuis i was upset by the negativiaty . after our 3 trip to vegas and 3 time staying at the hotel i was still pleased with the resuls of our room , we had claen beds and amazing bathroom with a large mirror. the room had large space areas and tv desk and chairs . taking a 6 year old and 17 year old to vegas may not be to everyones taste of a family holiday but the kids love all that the hotel offers . with very cheap resturants . would reccomend this to anyone with children and also to the older genration that dont mind children running as we took our mother and farther to vegas to.	
Sep 9 2009 	Pay a bit more......if you can	This hotel is really a circus....in the positive and negative way.For me it was ok, the room was excellent for its price.However if you are looking for something nice, a good swimming pool and great ambiance....dont go there and pay a bit more for the other strip hotels.The food is not bad, but certainly not great....the swimming pool is dirty small....well a joke compared to the other hotels.	
Sep 8 2009 	Great for our purposes	I have stayed at Circus Circus many times over the past few years. I travel down with two buddies and we play poker there. It is a cheap place to stay and play for 3 guys. Since we play poker there we get the &quot;poker room rate&quot; which is EXTREMELY cheap. I shared with one buddy and the total cost for 5 nights including taxes was $212 - so $106 for each of us. We stayed in the Main Tower as we want quick and easy access to the casino. I have never stayed in the Manor and can not comment on this section. Our rooms were dated for sure, but clean, functional and comfortable. Since we had the &quot;poker room rate&quot; we were able to check in in the VIP line which was quick and effcient.Location of Circus Circus can be an issue for some people as it is further down the Strip, but I find the walk down the Strip not to be a problem - although this time it was very HOT, but we also drive down to Vegas so we have a car to get us around.Service was great - friendly and fast everywhere we went. One complaint is that the Casino Cafe is not open 24 hours anymore and getting something to eat at 3am was a little tough, but the Westside Deli was open and a Chil-dog hit the spot for sure. The other place we ate ate - the Garden Grill - where we had all you can eat Prime Rib for $5.99 as we had comp coupons from the poker room was incredible - best Prime Rib I have had in 20 years. Also Slots-of-Fun next door was great for a break from poker - cheap table games and cheap draft beer - toms for fun and energy there. As well the McDonalds next to Slots-of-Fun is the nicest one I have ever been in and the most efficient - they have it down to a science there getting you r order and food out fast.We did not go to the pool so I can not comment on this.As for the poker room - we love it - fast cocktail service freindly staff and I always win there - up about $400 playing $3-6 limit over the time I was there. They also have a freeroll tournament in the poker room on Sundays if you play 15 hours during the week - I played this and won $280.Circus Circus is what it is - a very cheap place to stay that is works in certain circumstances - a week with buddies in Vegas. Or staying with children as there is lots to keep them busy. I would not stay here if it was just my wife and I, we usually stay down town at the Golden Nugget - I would go a little more up-scale for sure. I will be back with my buddies in the spring.	
Sep 6 2009 	Never again	After being unable to make our flight home, we needed a hotel for one night only and chose Circus Circus just because we stumbled across this one first while driving back towards the strip from the airport, and knew it would be relatively cheap.As we queued to check in, the first thing we noticed were the tired carpets and cheap wall coverings. The staff were friendly and cannot really be faulted. We were sent across the casino floor to get to our room, and after staying in Planet Hollywood on the same holiday we could not believe how differerent the hotels could be. Almost everything about the casino was old and in need of urgent upgrade. The carpets were worn, paint faded and just overall old fashioned.The lift we got in, didn't go to our floor for some reason? So we had to get out and wait for a different one. The next lift was rusted and had holes in the walls big enough to fit your hand through!!The rooms were clean, but again old fashioned, worn and a tad smelly.Entertainment within the hotel was limited at best, and eating establishments were not the greatest (except for Krispy Kreme!).Overall, for the price difference between staying at Circus Circus and other hotels on/around the Strip, we seriously recommend choosing another hotel. We dont think we could've managed another night here and were glad it only had to be the one.	
Sep 5 2009 	Take your business elsewhere!	My partner &amp; I travelled to Las Vegas last month at the end of our vacation.Having heard that Circus Circus was a great place to stay &amp; fairly central to other popular Las Vegas attractions, we booked a Manor Room.On check in, despite having pre booked &amp; prepaid our accomodation, a receipt was presented to the counter assistant advising that the accomodation was prepaid &amp; I was not to be charged for the room.The receipt also advised that a non smoking, Manor Room had been purchased.The counter assistant, who was rather rude insisted that a single, smoking room had been booked for both of us to stay in, in which she asked for my credit card to charge the room.The receipt was again, bought to her attention in which she huffed rudely &amp; advised that an inprint of my credit card would still be required so as $1 a day could be charged for the local calls for the phone in the room whether it was used or not.When questioned as to why I would be charged for a service that I would not to be used, she said it was Circus Circus policy &amp; that the site where I booked the accomodation would've advised me of this before I booked.I have booked accomodation through this site plenty of times aswell as stayed at plenty of hotels &amp; never have any advised me that this is their policy.Once she finally organised the room that I had paid for, a map of Circus Circus was shoved at me across the counter &amp; the lobby circled aswell as the block of the Manor Rooms we would be staying in.Having quite a bit of luggage with us as this was the final stop of our trip, we had no assistance whatsoever moving it to our room, which was a good distance away from the block where our room was located.Upon reaching the room, which was at the very back of the block the hotel was located on, the front door was stuck, the block smelt of cigarettes &amp; there was crumbling plaster in the hallway.The room itself smelt of cigarettes, the carpets had not been cleaned for sometime as there was bits of dried food &amp; nail clippings aswell as dust in the corners.The bathroom, although fresh towels were supplied daily, was very old, the wall paper was peeling above the shower, there were black marks on the floor of the shower where the non slip coating had worn away &amp; what looked like brown glue all over the top of the walls.The toilet also had difficulty flushing &amp; the shower dripped loudly constantly.Despite having a Do Not Disturb sign on the door, the housekeeper knocked loudly each morning before trying to access the room with her own key.I realise this was nowhere near 5 star accomodation, I didnt expect it to be, however I did expect the room to at least be clean &amp; exceptional customer service as the hotel advertises.I definitely wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone else.	
Sep 4 2009 	It was a good deal but I wouldn't repeat.	After visiting the rest of the hotels on the strip. I felt that it was lacking. Maybe it was just not my style.	
Sep 3 2009 	Rooms dark and smelly. Cool indoor theme park	The hotel was a bit far down the strip which was a bit of a pain. The rooms smelt a bit funny and were very dark but it is a budget hotel so can't really complain. Everything was working and the breakfast buffet was nice.	
Sep 3 2009 	Average Hotel	I stayed at Circus Circus Las Vegas some years ago. I thought at the time it was a fab hotel, clean, spacious rooms, good amenities etc. I would recommend this to anyone of a budget. The hotel itself is in a good location on the strip close to lots of different shops, bars and restaurants. I am returning to Vegas this month (Sept 21st) and staying at the Luxor (i've read a lot of mixed reviews on this hotel and i'm getting worried). I'll report back shortly!!! :)	
Sep 3 2009 	Good hotel	Good hotel for good money. Clean, but air conditioners were obsolete and noisy :/	
Sep 2 2009	Nice Hotel on Vegas Strip	We Stayed on the 27th Floor of the Circus Circus for 5 nights in May 08. The rooms and bathrooms at this hotel were a lot better than we expected for the price we payed. The facilities at this hotel were great for kids with the indoor theme park. We got a discount book when we checked in so used that for a few things in the lobby and entry into the theme park. Great rides, we had a ball, the adults and the kids...Cheap eating is available at McDonalds in the lobby along with other various eateries. The free circus show was good to watch although short and basic. As with most places in Vegas alot of money can be spent on extras, kids arcades etc. Slots of fun is just out the front of the hotel with 99 cent specials margarettas and hotdogs...The pool was lovely, big enough for the amount of people using it, service was available at an eatery down there. Location of the hotel at the southern end of the strip was not a problem we walked back some nights other nights took the strip bus $2 or $5 for a 24 hour ticket. They run every 5 - 10 minutes and stop every few hundred metres up and down the strip. I would certainly stay here again or recommend for others to.	
Sep 1 2009 	If you don't have kids don't waste your money.	This was by far one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in. This was my fourth trip to Vegas and while the hotel was inexpensive, you get what you pay for. Paper thin walls allowed for the sounds of everyone else's bathroom habits to be heard loud and clear as well as the maids in the morning making the 'Do Not Disturb' sign irrelevant. The staff was unhelpful and rude (when you make out what they were saying through very thick accents.) Waited over 12 hours for two pillows and an ashtray. Vents in room were almost clogged full of dust and lint and used towels were left on the window sill when we checked in. Tons of kids everywhere which is to be expected from that kind of hotel but accomodations for children weren't that great. Restaurants were over-priced and not good quality (especially the buffet and the casino cafe) and servers were rude. I was charged $1 per day for the phone regardless of the fact that I didn't make any calls outside of the hotel. When I questioned the staff about why that wasn't made clear at check-in the answer was &quot;It was on the receipt that you signed when you checked in whether they tell you about it or not so it's your fault for not reading your receipt.&quot; There is also a lot of harrassment that happens just walking through the hotel by all the vendor kiosks that are trying to sell you something. I can't say enough bad things about this hotel. I WILL NEVER STAY AT OR SPEND MONEY AT THIS HOTEL AGAIN!!!!!!!!!	
Aug 29 2009 	way better than what we were expecting!	My family and I decided to head to Vegas for one last trip before school, we booked a cheap flight and hotel package and after that was done is when I started to read some horrible reviews. I was honestly expecting the worst when we arrived, but it was a pleasant surprise that it was the exact opposite. We checked in and the lady was extremely pleasant and helpful and we were happy when we received two for one coupons for the Adventure dome. Our room was in the West Tower and we held our breath as we opened the door. To our surprise it was a newely renovated room, with a large bathroom and a spacious bedroom area. We ate at the one of the restaurants the first night that offered a $12..99 prime rib dinner, all you can eat, and my husband loved it, the other meals we ordered there were huge and we probably could of shared it amoungst us. We had such a great time and would love to go back again.	
Aug 27 2009 	Excellent Value 	We were a bit unsure about staying at this hotel after reading some of the reviews, but we are glad we did. It was excellent value for money. We stayed in the West Tower (which I believe is the nicest part of the hotel) for 3 nights. The room was spotlessly clean (and that's coming from someone who usually has to get out the anti-bacterial cleaner before touching anyhting) and it was large enough to accommodate 2 adults and 2 teenage boys. The all-you-can-eat buffet was one of the cheapest on the strip and had an excellent choice. Would definitely stay here again and would recommend it to everyone for a great value break.	
Aug 26 2009 	Enjoyed IT	I glad I stayed , even after reading reviews... Great location on the strip. NIce comfortable room at a very reasonable rate...	
Aug 24 2009 	fun always	go to vegas once a year for the last 5 years. always stay at circus. the hotel is what you make out of it. it's fun for the kids, also it's a good deal. made reservations in may, and requested 2 rooms side by side. they gave us inter-connecting rooms. at first the lady at the check in counter was a little rude, but when i talked to another lady who worked for vip services, she took care of us. even though the hotel is a little older, people fail to realize that the reason that they go to vegas is to see the sights and to enjoy them selves, not to become hotel critics. overall you can't get a better deal at about $23 a night and two free nights for players. going back in may with my wife , can't wait.	
Aug 24 2009 	Way better than I expected!	To enter the hotel check in area, you must enter through the parking garage. Be careful of the speed bumps, they are tall. They have free Valet parking which was very nice because this place is so large, it would have been hard to find our car.The check-in process was long, especially since we had booked online and had already paid. There is a $1 a day charge for the phone.The first room they gave us was still dirty at 2:00 P.M. The safe was also locked. We called the desk and they gave us another room. Got to the new room and it was clean but the safe was also locked. To unlock the safe, there has to be an engineering man and a security guard. The guard showed up in just minutes but had to leave. He said to tell the engineering man that it was ok to unlock the safe without security being there. The engineering guy shows up and says he can't unlock it without security. He gets on the phone and finally gets the ok to unlock it. They need to have a better system for a speedier check in and for when safes are left locked. This all burned about an hour of our vacation time in Vegas.The room was fantastic! It has a modern style with granite countertops and pillow top beds. There is a flat screen TV but there are hardly any watchable channels.We did have trouble with having enough washcloths. What is it with motel housekeeping that they can't leave enough washcloths? We had 3 towels, 1 washcloth and there was 3 of us. I did call and got some fairly quickly.I wasn't sure what we were getting after reading the reviews. I was very surpised that the room was so modern and updated. Besides the time wasted on the safe issue, we had a great stay. My 15 year old won 3 stuffed animals at the midway with only $5.00. They need to do something about the staff on the midway. They are the most lifeless, unhappy looking people I saw on my 4000 mile vacation.	
Aug 23 2009 	Love Circus Circus!!!	This was our third stay at Circus Circus in the last 3 years. The first time we stayed at the Manors and learned our lesson not to stay there again. The second time we booked in the Tower and it was nice. However, this last time we were there for four nights beginning August 3rd. We were very happy with our renovated room in the West Tower. It was wonderful!! We went down to the other end of the Strip with the swanky casinos and lost a lot of money and then came back to Circus Circus to win it all back and then some! Love being on that end of the strip with Slots A Fun, Sahara, Riviera and all of those. We have stayed at the other end and in the middle of the Strip and we will not go back.	
Aug 22 2009 	Do not Go here	DO NOT GO HERE.....We were mean't to stay for 10 nights but moved out as soon as we could. We were told that the hotel was going to be demolished last year until the recession hit....no money spent on it. Wallpaper peeling off, TV cabinet doors ripped off and sharp edges showing,cracked and leaking toilet, pool packed and you can't get a seat, long distance from the strip....paid a fortune in cab fares.Dont come here....this is not an american hotel.	
Aug 22 2009 	good value	Arrived here with a party of 6 were given rooms in the older part of hotel requested a move to the West Tower, as there was a big conference on rooms were not available till the next day rooms were 'clean and very comfortable ' All THE STAFF were friendly and helpfull I was worried after reading some of the reviews if you want deep piled carpets and gold plated slots spend your money elsewhere steakhouse great other eateries standard [after all they supply snacks mainly] never tried the buffet always busy so it speaks for itself children in the hotel were never a problem only downside is location but there were plenty buses/taxis	
Aug 22 2009 	Good for low budgets and modest expectations	I stayed at the Circus Circus on several occasions and while the rooms were big, clean and fairly modern, all public areas were kind of stale and clearly needed refurbishment. It is clear that this hotel caters to low budgets which is fine I guess. The breakfast buffet is good, the choice of restaurants for dinner not so much, I haven't had a good meal there.	
Aug 21 2009 	Great price	We had heard and read mixed emotions on Circus, Circus... But we wanted something for our kids to do, and a good value. We got both!! We booked online directly with the hotel back in the Spring for our June stay and wow!! 25.00/night. We booked adjoining rooms in the main tower. It was very nice, larger accomodations than most, very clean, nice bathrooms and comfortable beds. We were on the 15th floor and it was very quiet!The casino was nice and the kids loved the Adventure Dome!!! The buffet was the only disapointment! The food wasn't good at all! Would NOT recommend, very overpriced for the poor quality.They do have other places to eat in there though and the food was tasty!! The pool was a bit of a disapointment as well... over-over crowded and didn't look the cleanist, I think they may be starting renovations on it.Would not recommend this hotel if you don't have children...because they are everywhere and well...hence Circus, Circus!! As it should be!	
Aug 20 2009 	Excellent stay nice rooms	On our las vegas trip mach 2008, We stayed at this hotel, at first we were a bit shocked by the small and gruuby casino area, howevere as soonm as we checked in to our room we where happy, we had an excellent room and was very clean and the room was simply splendid, Huge bed and plenty of space. even better they had a krispy kreme donoughts in the casino itself, i was made up. The casino houses a huge car park and its easy to navigate around that, we did not have food in the casino steak house, even though its highly regarded as the best in vegas it also seemed way overpriced for what it was. overall an excellent stay and would recomend this to anyone. will deffo be staying there again.	
Aug 17 2009 	Refurbishment needed poor location	Situated at the north end of the Strip (Stratosphere Tower end), well away from the main action on the Strip. taxis (or a long, hot walk) was required to get to the central Strip area.In desperate need of a refurbishment, the decor was very tired looking and with a claustrophobic feeling. Looked like the hotel had the original decor from the 1960s. Geared towards families on a budget, it is cheap and served a purpose to keep the costs down for a stag-weekend from the UK but there are much better places to stay. Would definately return to Vegas and would definately not stay there again.	
Aug 17 2009 	Won't mind staying again.	Circus Circus was perfectly fine for my wife, my 16 month old, and myself. We booked our reservations through Orbitz.com &amp; got a decent deal for a Saturday night. The hotel does charge a $1/night charge for use of the phone for local calls, which is nothing compared to the $10-15/night resort fess that you find at some of the other places (plus higher rates).The rooms in the West Tower were real nice. The room was clean, the bed was very comfortable &amp; the room stayed very cool. We had a room on the 22nd floor with a view of Las Vegas Blvd. Unfortunately with the location of CIrcus Circus, there was only a view of the Riviera &amp; some construction (but I have never been to Las Vegas one time where there wasn't construction going on). The hotel is located at the far end of the Strip, and does require a little bit of walking to get to the main area. A little tip though: get a pass for The Deuce. Its only $5/person for a 24-hour pass, but you can ride in a double decker bus as much as you want all up-and-down the Strip. It even picks up right in front of Slots-A-Fun which is right next to Circus Circus.The elevators were extreamly packed &amp; trying to get a stroller on one of them was hard. A maintenance employee let ride the employee service elevator b/c we were waiting for an elevator for 10-15 min due to every elevator that stopped was full.The only complaint I had was that being a weekend and during summer, a peak season, there were very few cheap, sit-down dining options around 7-8 pm. An error on my part by assumption (or for living in the laughlin area where at least the cafe is open 24-hours in each casino), but I assumed that there was at least one 24-hour restaurant. Of course, this is a review of the hotel portion, not the food &amp; beverage, so I can't fault the Hotel for that.My 16-month old loved the Advenuredome, even though she was 1&quot; too small to ride the small rides. She got to play games &amp; watch the rides in action, which was exciting enough for her. As well, the Midway &amp; free circus acts really got her attention too. The games range from $1-2 and you win the usual stuffed animal prize.Overall, we will stay there again. It was a great place to stay, especially if you have kids.	
Aug 16 2009 	Avoid this hotel.	One of the worst hotels I have stayed at in many years. Am surprised MGM is not embarassed to have this in their portfolio. The hotel looks like it hasn't been touched since being built in 1968. The pool is an absolute joke...literally in the parking lot with no privacy fence or plantings and getting to it practically involved cutting through the boiler room. Spend an extra $20-40 a night and go stay at one of the nice hotels closer to the action.	
Aug 15 2009 	DO NOT STAY	oh my god it was not good at all, no coffee pot in room so i had to go to the bottom floor and buy coffee but guess what the machine was out of order all week i said something to a worker there she said they are not the hotel's she could care less, the safe was broken in the room, the commode was broken, air didn't work good, please check around before you book here.	
Aug 15 2009 	Circus Circus is run just like it's name!	Circus Circus Hotel needs some new slogans that better fit their hotels. For example.. -&quot;Circus Circus, the worst hotel on the strip.&quot; -&quot;Circus Circus the ONLY place Ants share room and board with guests.&quot; -Circus Circus the only hotel that offers a 2 mile walk between hotel rooms and the main lobby&quot;Staff was rude. Hotel was crowded. Not kid friendly. Over priced.BASICALLY, the worst choice hotel possible. Trump tower is offering prices of $69 a night, which is less than what I paid. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY!!!!!	
Aug 12 2009 	ok ish	No matter what anyone says it is too far down the strip to be worth it in the summer. The walk in 100F+ was too much, thank god for McDonalds (and it's not often I say that!) half way down...air con was very much appreciated. Pay more and stay central, you'll be glad you did. We were in the motel style manor rooms, which were clean and cool, so given how litte we paid were fine.One thing to be aware of are the shuttle buses from the airport ( I think were called 'Showtime'), don't buy a return as when you phone to arrange it you can't get through...someone else on here mentioned this and they were dead right. We tried every 30 minutes for hours and only succeeded when we got the receptionist to persisitently try. Get a single and a make other arrangements. The airport's dead near anyway.	
Aug 12 2009 	Not too bad for the price	Got a very good deal for Circus Circus, we paid 63 for a family of 4 for 3 nights.The hotel is rather tired looking and sits right at one end of 'The Strip', so it's rather a long walk to the other attractions of Las Vegas. If you are on a budget it's ideal but if I was to visit Las Vegas again I would pay extra for a better hotel and better location.	
Aug 11 2009 	It Sucks. Don't even consider this hotel	I stayed in Circus Circus with my two kids (2 and 4 year old) and my uncle-aunt on 8/8/2009. I had booked two non-smoking rooms in the west tower. One of my friend also booked a room for himself and his family (2 kids) on the same day. We requested to be put in the rooms close to each other. When we reached our rooms, we found that we were in the smoking section. The rooms were stinking of Cigarette smoke. When we approached the customer service person he was rude. After complaining, we were offered rooms on different floors in different sections of the hotel. They claim that every room has an ironing board and an iron. We had an iron in one room. No ironing board. Other room did not have the iron or the ironing board.These people should not be in the hospitality business.	
Aug 11 2009 	Viva Las Vegas @ Circus Circus	Well what can I say, Vegas is fantastic! This Hotel is showing it's age.My husband and I stayed here July 28 to August 6 2009.Hotel pros, Cheap to stay at, large rooms, comfortable bed, quiet in room, (unable to hear others), shower works well, location is at end of strip, which is a little quieter (beleive me this can be a good thing). Deuce bus stops out front (which you will use alot to get around, it runs 27/7). Unable to comment on pool (did not use). Housekeeping is either around 8am or 2pm (depending on if you have do not disturb sign out). Flat screem TV. Very Child friendly with circus shows &amp; indoor park with rollercoaster and games etc. Various food selections, from buffets, to Krispy Kreme, hotdogs, Subway, Pizza and just about anything you can imagine, McDonalds is next door.Hotel Cons, Old, no tea coffee facilities in room (which I did know before booking), housekeeping forget what do not disturb means and called a couple of days in a row to see what time we want our room cleaned (we were asleep)! Asked for a smoking room and got a non smoking room - went back down to reception who then said, that is not a problem and sent up ashtrays - we were on a non smoking floor - this did not seem to bother them......If you have children you would more than likely like this hotel, there is so much to entertain them.On another note:We did not know this before going to Vegas, Children are able to walk through all the Casino's as long as they don't loiter around gaming machines and tables (which is something you are not allowed to do in Australia) and was quite weird for us. There is so much to do in Vegas that is free for all ages. Would recommend this hotel to families, but we would stay somewhere else if we were to return to Vegas.	
Aug 10 2009 	Cheap for a very good reason	This is a very busy and impersonal hotel, the staff were not particularly helpful and verged on the rude at times. The rooms were ok but not brilliant. The worst thing was the location, although it does not look far on the map ,it is along way from the other hotels on the Strip. This was a major factor with the temperatures of 43 degrees + in August. Basically you get what you pay for but I wished we had paid a bit more and stayed in a more central location.	
Aug 8 2009 	Easy with kids	We had a fine stay at Circus Circus. It is not as 'posh' as the other hotels on the strip, however it was very good value, an easy place to be with children, clean and the food was of a good standard. We chose to stay in the west tower rooms which are a bit more expensive but I think it was worth it as they were lovely. We did not go to the casino so I cannot comment on the gambling. However as a base to explore Las Vegas and take a trip to the Grand Canyon (we used Papillon and were very pleased), it was excellent. We alsowent to a show (Cirque de Soleil at Treasure Island) which I would recommend.	
Aug 6 2009 	As kid friendly as Vegas gets	If you have to spend one night in Vegas with kids, this is the place. The circus acts were fun, the indoor amusement park and pool were ok. We stayed in a remodeled room which was very nice and worth the extra money. We checked in on the phone an hour before arrival. HIGHLY recommend that. They try to keep the girlie pictures and advertisements away so it's a little more kid friendly. Once on the streets though, be prepared if you've got kids.	
Aug 5 2009 	Decent hotel fun atmosphere. Clean.	While viewing TA hotel reviews for an upcoming vacation, I realized that I never wrote about my visit to Circus Circus two years ago. Considering the amount of wear and tear a hotel can receive, I understand if readers think a two year-old review is inconsequential, but I want to alleviate any budget-conscious traveler. After staying five days with my husband I found the hotel to be more than adequate.Hotel Room: Bed was comfortable and the linens smelled freshly laundered.No smoke smell and no evidence of previous occupants.Bathroom:Tub, toilet, sink, and bathroom floor were very clean with no visible mold. Showers had good water pressure.StaffThis is a large hotel and employees are very busy, yet were friendly and helpful. Within five minutes after calling Housekeeping, an iron was delivered to our room.Food/EntertainmentThe complimentary circus acts were entertaining and the Adventure Dome, filled with amusement park-type rides and activities, was a pleasant diversion. There are several eateries in the hotel, including McDonalds. The Buffet was reasonably priced, crammed with edibles a notch above Old Country Buffet quality.?LocationThe hotel is located near the end of the strip. I felt safe and comfortable at all times.Public transportation in Vegas runs 24 hours so dont bother renting a car.I cannot comment on the Manor because we stayed in the main hotel. ??Remember: if you do have a problem, contact management and CALMLY and succinctly communicate the issue and an acceptable solution. Like my Gramma used to say: you catch more flies with honey then with vinegar.I would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 4 2009 	good hotel	good hotel, I was scared because of the bad reviews but this hotel is actually nice, good staffing as well. The hotel is really big and the cicus was fun and entertaining. The only complaint I had was that one of the cocktail waitresses was rude, other thanthat the other staff was great. Its near the strip so the bus can take you there in a few minutes.	
Aug 1 2009 	Less expensive hotel - not the Ritz but has everything a family needs as a base to explore Las Vegas.	Don't try to compare the Circus Circus to one of the newer ultra-deluxe mega hotels on the strip. If that is what you want go stay there - but expect to pay considerably more. The Circus Circus is an older hotel but it is very popular with families. It is crowded but most hotels in Vegas are - but since the lobby areas do not have a great big high ceiling it probably feels more crowded than other hotels.The Hotel worked fine for myself, my wife our 9 year old and our 16 year old. The Adventuredome indoor amusement park was a must for both our kids. Lots of great rides. The Circus Acts and midway were fun - but there is not enough seating for when the shows start. But for the price (free) I don't think you have a right to complain.The hotel is a bit dated in some areas, but our rooms were very large, clean and newly renovated. We had a marble tub/shower, LCD TV, fresh linens and non-smoking rooms adjoining rooms. Rooms were not ultra luxurious but we had no complaints.The place is very popular with families so expect lots of kids. If you are looking for the ultra posh resort or the hip hangout - this is not for you. The name alone should tell you that this is not the place.The hotel is lower priced. It is on the North end of the strip but we had a rental car so that was not a big deal for us. There is a bus and other transportation options.I would recommend this place to other families who are not looking to spend a whole whack of cash for a room but want something decent that the kids will enjoy.You do get what you pay for so people should not be surprised that this hotel built in the 60's (?) does not compare to one of the newer super hotels.The biggest complaint I have about the hotel is the pools. They are surprising difficult to get to and are relatively small without any amenities like you would expect for a hotel that caters to families. Just basic pools - kind of small and no waterslide or anything. The hotel does not some updating here and there - and re-doing the pools should be a priority.	
Aug 1 2009 	Plenty of Convention Room Comdex was Gr8	Make Time for Leisure there is plenty to do After the BusinessConvention time prices triple and if you don't book early You probablyhave to scout for Rooms, Superb Dinning, you name it it is there!!Have Fun	
Jul 31 2009 	Rundown Dump	The prices whch entice people there are not worth the money. The hotel is run down, dingy, noisy and poorly run. We had asked for a handicapped room due to my husband's physical condition.We are seniors and were traveling with a teen grandson and a 10 year old grandaughter. who were equally unimpressed. Fortunately we had checked our luggage at the valet parking so we were not draggimg that as many people did. We had to walk the entire length of the lobby and around to an escalator to the promenade, then through that area into the casino and up on an elevator there to get to the room. I will commend the valet parking satff and the bell hops as they were prompt and efficient as well as helpful. The bell desk was another story. We returned in the evening to find the escalator to the Promenade (and our room) shut down and no explantion as to how we reached our thrid floor room, When we hiked back to the bell desk, after finally getting their attention, we were told the West elevators took us to the 2nd floor and we could walk through he promenade AGAIN to get to the elevators to the room.The area around the circus acts is hard to locate, and surrounded by arcade games which are rip offs. The seating is extremely limited around the circus stage, and each act has about 30 to 45 minutes between acts. When we took the elevator to the pool it creaked and the light blinked, giving us great concern we would get stuck on it. Needless to say we didn't swim. The Adventuredome is geared to young children and has some pretty steep prices considering what is there. Overall the hotel was not clean, worn, crowded and not worth the stay. Avoid this one!!!!	
Jul 31 2009 	Don't do it!!! Worst Experience	Worst ExperienceHotel is falling apart. Obvious that either going bankrupt or they plan on tearing down soon. No investment being made in maintaining infrastructure. Staff was nice and pleasant but you can tell they are working with limited resources. Had hand and face towel only one day out of 5. Was told their supplier had not delievered. Only 2 of 4 elevators that serviced 21 floors worked and those two were a scary ride. Consequently long wait times of up to 20 minutes for an elevator. Had to find staff to open up access to freight elevators (which worked perfectly fine.) Overall cleaniness of hotel room was good but carpet in rooms stained, windows dirty and that completely turned me off. Hotel buffet gross. Hotel smelled. No real place to sit and relax and have a drink. Long registration lines. Over 1/2 hour wait. Only one pool open and it was a scary adventure to get to that. Hotel full of vendors selling junk. Difficult to walk halls without someone trying to sell you something. Would have checked out first day if had not prepaid. Room service only open to noon (if you can get someone to answer phone). Trying to call for help (house keeping, front desk, etc.) pointless. no one answers phone. Carnival games and circus acts outdated (retro 80's). Amusement park overpriced compared to limited rides especially for young children.	
Jul 30 2009 	what a dump	circus circus sucks. that's all there is to it. it's the unofficial hotel of choice for parents dragging their juvenile delinquents along for vacation. it's dirty, noisy, and almost at the end of the strip. the restaurants there are way too pricey, as are drinks, and they really aren't even that good. the casino is okay, but defiantly outdated. the rooms are small, smell of stale smoke (even though ours was a non-smoking room), and have nothing modern in them. i almost thought i should have brought rabbit ears to hook up just to get a picture!if you are gonna spend minimal time in the hotel, and don't mind walking much further to get there, or pay more in cab fare, then hit it up. it's cheaper than a nice hotel. but if you want a good hotel experience, this is defiantly not the place to go. the only redeeming quality about this place is that there's a really fun, really seedy &quot;casino&quot; next door to it called slots-a-fun. it's a place to rub elbows with other tourists who don't wanna be high rollers at the real casinos. but it is really fun place to be drunk at while losing your rent money for the next month.	
Jul 28 2009 	GOD AWFUL	Check in was smooth, and then you get to the room. What a dump. Hair was on the bathroom floor from previous guest, the only window was full of hand prints. No coffee maker, no room service except you could order pizza.The Steak House was the only GREAT thing about this hotel, the food was outstanding, service and staff fantastic. Definetly worth a visit.Pool was too crazy, went to other hotels to hang out. Golden Nugget and Freamont street were loads of fun.Went to see the Hoover dam, bus driver Ron was great, loads of fun and informative.Would not stay at this hotel EVER again, not only due to the rooms, but you have about a mile to walk up the strip before you get pass all the trash along the road, empty parking lots and buildings, not to mention the crazy people hanging around the side walks.For the price, upgrade and stay further up by Treasure Island or over on Freamont Street.	
Jul 27 2009 	O.K. - lives up to its name	Good = location, good standard rooms (in main part of hotel) that are very clean &amp; some with great views, value for money.Bad = chaotic customer service, noisy, brash &amp; restaurants expensive - some with poor food &amp; long queues.After a long flight - the hotel check in was appallingly long (an hour) - not a great start. The lobby and public areas of the hotel are ridiculously chaotic - in fact everywhere outside of your room is literally a circus (sorry for the pun). The decor has seen better days and the hotel is very catered for families with young children. The main let down of the hotel - it's chaotically run &amp; customer service is variable - some staff are pretty helpful, others really couldn't care less.The restaurants are very hit and miss - the Garden grill and Westside cafe have long queues in the morning and the food is unappealing &amp; expensive - think bagels, bagels and another bagel. Head for the the casino cafe which is better, but expect queues. There is a chemist (like a mini supermarket in the US) 5 mins away however which sells a variety of food. The rooms (in the main part of the hotel, not the manor lodge) are good - of a 4*/seen-better-days Hilton standard so make sure you get one in the main hotel. They are very clean and serviced daily. The view from our room of the North end of the strip was also simply fantastic esp at night! The location is also ok - 10/15 mins to the central part of the strip. So in sum - value for money, it lives up to its name in terms of service, could do a lot better - so O.K.	
Jul 20 2009 	You get what you pay for	I chose this location because of its low prices. The hotel does offer fairly entertainment (such as circus shows every 1/2 hour) but if you have the money, I would suggest another hotel. My boyfriend and I stayed in the manor, which was a little far from the central hotel. The room was clean but old, dark, and slightly discolored. It's location is not central on the Strip and you have to walk a fair distance to look at the other hotels. Overall, it's good if you're on a tight budget.	
Jul 18 2009	Disgusting	The room that my family and I stayed in was outdated. The carpet had numerous stains, cookie crumbs underneath the armoirem visible dust on the night stand, stains on the linen, and hair in the tub. To top it off the associates didn't know where the room was located nor any of the restaurants. I work in the hospitality industry and quite frankly, I'm surprised this hotel is still around.	
Jul 17 2009 	Circus Circus FUN!!!	We really enjoyed our stay at this hotel! At check-in, the clerk was nice enough to upgrade our room from the main tower room to the west tower room for free!!!! Our room was very nice! The housekeeping staff was very generous as well. The kids loved the fact that the Adventuredome was right in the hotel and there was a McDonalds inside as well. My husband and I were able to enjoy the fitness center that was equipped with just enough equipment for our workout. There was plenty of stuff to do for everyone! There were lots of restaurants in the hotel. The buffet was ok for the price. I was really diappointed that the hotel did not have free wireless internet. The fee was $11.99 per night or you could use the kiosk in the lobby for 25 cents per minute unless you are printing you boarding passes. Then it is a little more.	
Jul 13 2009 	Gross gross gross!	This is the worst hotel you could imagine. It smelt like I cant even say what.... Pubic hairs in the bath tub, yellow spot in my bed, and a couple cockroaches in the bathroom. The buffet food was horrible. And, dont use their valet service....	
Jul 13 2009 	Average standard.	Don't forget one dollar hot dog nearby. Quite delicious. Small theme park in this hotel, advanturedome, is fun for children.	
Jul 13 2009 	good for a cheap stay	My buddy and I booked Circus Circus for four nights for our trip to Vegas. Since we are both taken it was a fine place to stay since there was no need to try to bring any ladies back to the room. Stayed in the Skyrise Tower, normal double beds and 19&quot; tube tv with desk. Was a pretty basic room, slightly dated, only real complaint were the pillows that come with the bed. Instead of eating at the hotel we instead ate lunch every day at the McDonalds right next door, probably the nicest McDonalds I have ever been to, plus it was cheap. Gambling was nice and cheap with $3 mininums for Blackjack and Craps. Looks like the casino has hit on some hard times, one gambling table section was closed the entire time we were there. The other was only half open most of the time and Craps opens at Noon. Played most of the time at Slots O Fun which is the little building right next to and owned by Circus Circus. Never had a problem finding an open chair at a table or space at the Craps table until our last night, which was a Friday night. Slots O Fun seemed to get a little more business than the tables actually in the main Casino, though it does have easy street access which probably contributes to that.The Deuce has a stop right in front of Slots O Fun, $3 for 1-way, $7 all-day, $14 3-days. Also has a stop on the opposite side of the street at the Riveria. Can get crowded, but since its one of the earlier stops there usually wasn't a problem.Was a great place for a cheap room and cheap gambling as long as you don't mind all the kids running around while you make your way back to your room. Didn't have any problem with neighbor noise though, so that was nice.	
Jul 12 2009 	Don't judge a book by its cover!	I recently traveled to Las Vegas with my boyfriend for his college graduation gift. I had never been to Vegas and was really concerned about staying at Circus Cirucs after reading all of the reviews, however, when we arrived late Tues. night we were greeted by FRIENDLY employees who were glad to accomodate us. We were upgraded from a manor room to the skyrise tower without any request or extra charge. We arrived in our room on the 22nd floor and were greeted with a beautiful view of the strip. We had a large king size bed, large chair, desk table, television, and two end tables. The room was very large and the bathroom large, as well. Marble sink countertops and marble shower walls provided us with very clean amenities. The sheets were clean, along with everything else in the room. Others who have written bad reviews obviously havent seen what we did. This hotel is great if your on a budget, or with children. Yes, it was crowned with families, but aren't they entiled to family vacations, too? The only complaint I had with circus circus is its location at the end of the strip and that I didn't get to stay longer. However, it is near the stratosphere and if you have a chance, with all the extra money you will have staying at circus circus, you should visit the restaurant Top of the World there, it was EXCELLENT! Not to mention the $3 blackjack offered @ circus circus! So if your on you way to stay here, don't worry, EVERYTHING WILL BE GREAT, after all your in VEGAS!!!!!	
Jul 12 2009 	It's Day Has Come and Gone	I read an article once about Mae West that said, as she was aging, her apartment aged with her. Her once-clean and sumptuous decor of white satin and silk had deteriorated and like her apartment, Mae too clung to her ingnue attire even though her dresses didn't fit quite right and were turning dingy. That's the Circus Circus or, as I like to call it CC. A hotel that's day has come and gone and it doesn't seem that the owners (MGM Mirage ) mind too much or maybe like Mae they're too old to notice. CC is for the bargain hunters, frat boys, or other individuals that don't really care where they stay as long they're under a roof. At the last minute, my company decided to send me to a convention. My other compatriots were booked at the Hilton next to the convention center but by the time my plans were made the Hilton was full. The company's travel agent chose the CC for me because it was one, the closest hotel to the convention center that had a room and two, it was inexpensive. After all, my colleagues were paying a special convention rate of $59/night and CC was going to be $70/night for me so it all seemed reasonable.When I arrived, I waited in line, as one often does in Vegas, for 35 minutes to check in. The reception personnel were friendly, but advised me &quot;there is a $1 per night room charge for the telephone&quot;; a little tidbit conveniently not mentioned on any confirmation forms.Upon receiving my room key, I was told I had a Manor room. Sound lovely? It's not. To get there I had to go out the back door, across the street and walk a vast parking lot to the building with my room, which also happened to be next to the Strip's only RV Park. Obviously, not a good sign. What can I say, the room was dirty and I had to wheel my luggage the quarter-mile from reception myself. (The room is big actually for an old hotel, I'd estimate 300 sq. ft., plus or minus, but unfortunately they haven't updated it since the late 1970's or early 1980's and when a room and furnishings are that old you just can't get it clean.)Not happy, I returned to the hotel to try to get another room; and for a mere upgrade of $10 per night, I did get a room in one of the towers. Once again, I have to say, the reception and bell staff were very friendly and quick to come and retrieve me. My advice---don't stay in a Manor room.They did send a very nice bellhop who picked me up in a golf cart so I didn't have to walk anymore. He carried all my luggage and escorted me to the new room all the while assuring me that I would like the tower room MUCH better than the Manor room. He was right, it was better. It had been updated in the early 1990's, it didn't smell and the bedding and bathroom appeared to be clean. Unfortunately, these old hotels aren't built as well as the new ones. My adjoining door wasn't doubled nor insulated and I could hear the children next door wake up and scream every morning at 5 a.m. They played and danced on the marble tile as their laughter vibrated under the door and into my entry, the sound of their parent's voices echoing a song of discipline each morning as the left to parts unknown around 7 a.m...just 30 minutes before my alarm clock was set to go off.The food at CC didn't fair much better. The supposedly great steakhouse is anything but that and most of the other options are just oversized portions prepared from large foodservice distributor offerings.It's kind of sad...this hotel is from the classic Vegas era of time; it has been featured in several movies and a lot of money could make it a beautiful again. The owners could keep the circus theme and the family aspects of the place, like the Adventure Dome, and create an adults only carnaval area within the hotel, which could appeal to a wider demographic of potential guests---it could be something unique.All the people I came in contact with who work at Circus Circus were nice, so that's a plus, but that's the only thing going for this hotel.	
Jul 9 2009 	Rooms clean and large. Buffet meals are good value	Rooms clean and large. Buffet meals are good value	
Jul 5 2009 	Circus Circus sucks!!!!	I took my family to Vegas for the very first time for all of us and it sucked! When we arrived we were greeted by a very rude and a non helpful staff. We finally get to our room and walk in and the beds weren't even made. The dirty linen was sitting in a plastic bag next to our door. We call down stairs and told them they said &quot;we'll send someone right up&quot;. An hour later no one showed up. My husband calls down and asks when someone was going to come up and they were rude to him and said soon and hung up on him. Finally 10 min later a very nice maid (probably the only nice person that worked there) showed up and apologized. The floors are dirty throughout the hotel. There is no air conditioning inside the elevators or outside of them. Luckily my family and I visited other casinos in the area and they were so much nicer. The staff was so much nicer. They are the ones that made our first trip to Las Vegas a memorable one---not Circus Circus!	
Jul 1 2009 	Dont stay here	This would be a great hotel if you have children. If you are an adult, there is not much to do and it is very far from all the sites. The room had an odd smell to it that never went away. There was always a line to get in to an elevator and for check in. It seemed to be super crowded with families...kids running all over so you are almost tripping over them. The hotel itself seemed very dated and old. The food was not very good and neither was the service...they forgot our drinks and apps on two occasions. Not many of the help spoke english. The pool was gross..not clean at all and really crowded. There were only like7 channels on the tv. Had to pay 12 dollars a day for internet and a 1 a day charge for the phone. The cleaning lady left all our dirty towels on the floor. The best part about it was how comfy the bed was. The gym was tiny and dated and smelled bad.Overall we did not enjoy it and would't stay there again.	
Jun 30 2009 	It was not a very bad trip	Me and my husband spent our 1yr anniversity in Las Vages and we stayed at the Circus Circus Hotel it was not as bad as some of the reviews that I had read on line. We stayed three days from June 20-23 we had fun at the circus shows and walking up and down the strip at night. Las Vages is such a beautiful place at night when all the city lights are on. There was so much too see and do but not enough time. The food where we ate was really good but the (SLOT MACHINES WASN&quot;T LETTING GO ANY MONEY). Overall we had fun and hope to go back again someday but will stay at a different location due to that fact that Circus Circus is far away from all the main sights and places that you could walk too and not have to catch the bus. We will never forget Las Vages (SIN CITY) &quot;What happen is Vages stayes in Vages). Mr.LaRon &amp; Erma Smith Dothan,AL	
Jun 28 2009 	Un Helpfull and un caring staff !!	I stay at Circus Circus in Las Vegas on every trip. This time I had a fall in a badly lit under ground car park. I was found knocked out and bleeding. The security staff took me inside and took pictures etc. They asked me to go to hospital I did not want to go as I was on holiday from the UK and had little insurance, they told me they would help with the cost, weeks later and $2500 bill for stiches the hotel told me they would not help towards the cost !!! They where un friendly and un helpfull. To add more drama the room was dirty with hair in the bath and toilet !!!	
Jun 27 2009 	fantastic stay	stayed at circus circus from the 15th June for a week. We were a bit nervous because we saw some bad reviews before we went.When we arrived check in was straight forward and efficiant. The hotel was lively and friendly.Our room was on the 20th floor in one of the towers.The room was clean and had everything in there that you could need. We ordered room service for breakfast on the first day which was really lovely.The casino is great and the neighbouring slots of fun.we had drinks at the bar nearly every night my favorite was the pina colada.The bar staff could have been a bit more friendly but service was fast.The circus acts were great and even tho the hotel had lots of children staying they were always kept occupied by the circus and the indoor amusments.We loved the hotel and even tho its a long walk from the centre of the strip, we caught the deuce bus every day for $7 24 hour pass the buses are great and run all day and night and you never wait more than 5 mins for 1.Visit Freemont Street if you can its a great atmaosphere.Had a fantastic time gambled loads, ate loads and drunk loads would go again tomorrow.	
Jun 24 2009 	An incredible bargain!	This was my second stay at Circus, Circus in the past 2 years. I found it to be an incredible bargain. Both times, our room was huge, with a king bed, sofa and chair, dressing room, etc. The entire room was spotless, with plenty of towels, etc. Moreover the service was outstanding, at the checkin, the bellhops, valet parking, etc. Checkout took about 10 seconds done via the TV in our room. When we called for a bellhop, even though it was the busiest check out time - just before 11AM, he was there in less than 5 minutes! I've never had better service anywhere. We actually found a special online for about $26 per night! So I'd say that sometimes you get MORE than you pay for! I certainly feel that we did. The only downside is that there is an $11 per day charge for internet.	
Jun 24 2009 	a noisy place to stay .	I was on a round trip in Usa . And want to selbrate my 50 year birthday . I only have to stay for 2 night . I was a verry noisy . not a place to stay for adolt people . With kids i maby verry good .  We went other places to eat an have fun	
Jun 17 2009 	Nice place to be	The hotel may be rated 3 star, but is great value for money, if the friendly staff upgrades you to a better room. The rooms are good  really spacious, modern and with all standard amenities. The bathroom maintains the standards that the room dcor sets. Internet access and parking are added attractions. The casino is good enough and the travel/ show/ box office desks are good place to have all the info that youd need about Vegas, hotels, casinos, shows, et al. Since its a really value for money property, you may encounter long queues at check in and check out. But dont panic, the staff is very efficient &amp; the check-in a breeze. Only negative, if one may call it, is that it is towards the end of the strip. But if you are a tourist willing to explore, it shouldnt bother you at all. And btw, dont miss the lights at night  Vegas is at its best, when it gets dark.	
Jun 15 2009 	You Get What You Pay For	If you want a very cheap stay Circus Circus is a great place. The decor is outdated but it didn't bother us. Our stay started off terrible, we had booked a non-smoking room and even through we were told our room was non-smoking there was a horrible smoke smell from the rug and in the drapes in our room. The pool was a huge dissappointment it was the size of our hotel room and the photo's on their site are very decieveing. The amount of children that were running around was insane, we expected it but not to that extent. The service was subpar throughout the whole stay, nothing that really made us go wow. On the flip side the casino treated my girlfriend and I really well. The payouts were good, we won the most in this casino than anywhere else - the low minimum buy-ins were good too since I am not a huge gambler.I would not stay here again unless I was taking my whole family, which I wont be for a while.	
Jun 11 2009 	Disappointing	I was so utterly disappointed and disgusted with this hotel, I will never,ever stay there again.We ( myself, my husband and I )arrived on a Monday, got our keys and checked in. We went into the room, My daughter was wearing white socks and within 15 minutes, her socks were black! It was gross. There were used cups under the sink in the bathroom, a ring around the tub, dirty sheets. I immediately asked for a transfer, which we were granted. This one was at least clean. Our next problem was the people next door. The rooms on both sides have adjoining doors as a convenience for party's of more than one family or families sharing rooms. They were smoking on both sides!!! it was a non-smoking floor. My daughter had been coughing and we couldn't figure out why, until we smelled the cigarettes. When I called to the front desk, I was asked to hold, then when I explained that the people on both sides were smoking. She said they had &quot;no control over what people did in their rooms&quot;.I confirmed that it was a non smoking floor she said yes.I asked what they were going to do about it. They wanted to move US&gt; inconvenience the ones that are following the rules. Her exact words were &quot; mam, I apologize. We can switch rooms if you like or you can just put a towel under the door and we will have room service come and spray the room so you don't smell it!&quot; OOOOOH I was mad! If only I had known that it was illegal, I would have called the police and not the front desk! She completely missed the point. I was calling because my daughter was suffering and coughing and wheezing! They had no regard for our health and stay. We ended our stay with Circus-Circus on Friday, but ended up needing to stay in Las Vegas another night due to my husband being ill. We ended up booking at Treasure Island, Now that is a hotel. It was soo much nicer, cleaner and much better service.Now I know why it was so inexpensive to stay there and why they have a coupon book full of discounts. They suck!	
Jun 11 2009	A dazzling spectacle	My daughter and I stayed for 5 days at the Circus Circus, the boulevard, Las Vegas in May this year, and i can safely say it was the best hotel i have ever stayed in. Even my daughter agrees, who loves staying in luxury and comfort.We landed in Las vegas at night, and when we reached near the hotel we were dazzled by what we saw. There was a huge front porch, with hundreds of lights, and a giant billboard with a clown there to greet us. From there we walked into the casino, which was like any other. but what was truly amazing was 'Midway' an area in the middle of the casino earmarked for entertainment. There was a circus performance for free every hour from 11am to 11pm, and an incredible number of games kids could play, all costing about a dollar or even less. My daughter won a soft toy and was on top the world. She also won 20 $ of free play at the slot machines. One day, while strolling thru the hotel, we were given free meal coupons for a meal at a restaurant called the Buffet, where the choice of foods was mind-boggling, and so much variety, all so tasty, we could hardly eat all that we wanted. i shall never forget the huge table full of every kind of dessert and pudding imaginable!About the rooms. They were truly spacious. We got a room with 2 kingsize double beds for the two of us, and best was a small club sort of thing nearby, where there was a pool, a library, internet facilities, and every convenience imaginable, from a shop to a microwave that we could use. All in all, it was an amazing experience, and the hotel was so comfortable and exciting and lively, there were days when we would spend the whole day just strolling around the shops or in the restaurants of the hotel. If I can afford it I will surely go there again, this time with my entire family.	
Jun 10 2009	Good stay	It was a nice stay for a good price at LAs vegas.The rooms were not the best but good enough to spend the night. The casino attached to the hotel helped especially since they had a variety of kids activities	
Jun 9 2009	LOVED my stay at Circus Circus!	I just got married out in Las Vegas, so we had a group of about 45 people staying out there. I personally stayed in one of the bigger rooms. (They said the hotel only has 9) It was a suite style room with a kitchen, living room, king size bed, stand up shower, and whirlpool bath (big enough for 2). It also had double sinks in the bathroom and a huge mirror. My room was on the top floor, 35 and had a great view. I only paid $20 more a night then all the other rooms. My family did compare their rooms and decided that the rooms above the 22nd floor were better then the rooms below. Our bed was nice and comfy. It was not loud at all. We had 9 kids with us and everybody enjoyed their time there. The buffet wasn't the best food you'll ever have, but it was decent. The staff there was great. We had a little impromptu reception there and they designated a certain spot for us. All the staff told me congrats since I was in my wedding dress. They were really good to my family also.The hotel is a little more towards the end of the strip, but it worked out just fine.	
Jun 7 2009 	The service in this hotel is awful except a few bellhops and the chapel	My fiance, me, my adult niece, and my 2 kids stayed here for 4 days. I called twice to make sure they had all our info and requests and when we got there they had nothing. So it took forever and then we ended up not getting anything we asked for. Every person we talked to except 1 of 3 bell hops and the chapel employees were rude and seemed to not care. We paid an arm and a leg to check out late and when we got to our room at noon the maid had taken our crib out and moved all our stuff because no one told her we were staying. Every price they quoted me for things was wrong, like for the extended check out. And the walk to our room was ridiculous. We had to take 2 elevators and walk in 2 circles around the place. Then the rooms were outdated and things were broken. The circus shows were great, but you can come see them wherever you stay at. Definitely not the highlight of the trip. And they are way far north so it take awhile to get to the bigger attractions.	
Jun 6 2009 	Clean affordable friendly staff	My boyfriend and I just got back from a stay at Circus Circus, and I have to admit i was a little scared reading some of the reviews. Compared to some of the other hotels on the strip, this one wasnt as nice..but that being said, it was very affordable, very clean room, plenty of restaurants to choose from, friendly staff, and a great place for kids. We expected the hotel to be more out of the way then it actually was. It took us only 5 minutes to walk to the Fashion show mall and the rest of the hotels. Upon checking in, I was concerned about the room being the unrenovated one, which looked kinda scary on the internet.. We did get one of those rooms but it was incrediby clean and quite spacious. It would have been a 80 dollar charge to upgrade to a new room for 5 days. Not bad at all. But we werent planning on being in the room, so we just forgot about it. The only complaint we had about the hotel was the renovating being done on the floor under us at 6:30 in the morning. Loud banging and hammering, very annoying when you havent slept. We ate at the italan restaraunt, and the buffet in the hotel and both were tasty. The buffet had a lot of good salads. The potato salad was really good. It also has a Mcdonalds inside the midway and next door to the hotel which was very conveinent at those late night munchy times. The bus also stops right outside the hotel and has the ticket booth right outside as well. also very convienent. Valet parking was great, quick and very friendly. They helped us out when our rental car comany was running extreamly late which was very good. All in all I was super depressed when we had to leave!! Greatest trip ever! the hotel is clean, close, and has everything you could need. What more could you ask for!!	
Jun 4 2009 	Don't Believe all the bad reports.	This is a family friendly Hotel which for the money was good value, being one of the oldest hotels on the Strip is in need of some serious updating, generally the rooms we had were clean and I found everything in working order. To me this is a hotel that you would not stay in for any length of time and really is just a base for sleeping in, the buffet servce was very good on the occasions I used it, if you like wine with your dinner forget it it is virtually impossible to get, you have to wait for a waitress from the casino and by that time you have finished your meal. I advise you stay well clear of the Mexicanitalian Resturant service here is not an option, the staff are like something out of faulty towers a simple meal when ordered took 45minutes to arrive at the table, if you ordered a drink they thought you were some sort of alien being.The Front Desk was fine and there was no long waiting, staff were helpful and paid attention to your requests, the permanant circus was a bit of a joke I would not waste time on that, the ADventuredome was o.k. but very overated compared to other attractions and definetly in line for a refit. The location is ok and I used the DEUCE bus servce to go up and down the strip and found it very good but it can get packed later on in the day.All the attractions on the Strip were of course very good , I did a ground and air trip to the Grand Canyon which was fantastic, but the SKYWALK I found was very overrated once again and not at all what I exspected far to small, the Indian tribe should have got Disney or MGM to build it, by the way on arrival at the Grand Canyon I was greeted by one of the Indians and I mean one who said &quot;tickets and what you want&quot; pity General Custer was not around, but the Grand Canyon is what it says.	
Jun 4 2009	great comfort	we went with family to vegas and got a great deal to stay in this hotel.we got manor rooms,still they are like deluxe rooms.great hotel for the price.	
Jun 4 2009 	What an experience	This was my first trip to vegas &amp; the sheer size of the hotel amazed me. The check in countres was so huge, there were people waiting, I had seen nothing like that before. The walk to the room was good 5 minutes but i liked all of it. Although not great like other hotels on the strip ( I haven't stayed but they looked better from outside) &amp; also slightly away from the strip. I will call the whole experience as average. I will try other hotels if i travel again to vegas !!	
Jun 2 2009 	Go for a Tower Room	Well first of all I prepaid a 7 night stay in the Manor Rooms. All in taxes included through Lowcostvegas.com it came to 260. However on arrival at the Manor Room I thought it's not as bad as the reviews and I was just getting what I paid for. However the bed looked a bit dodgy and the building was tired. And a funny musty smell all over. The safe was there but it had no door on it. I decided I couldn't stay in that room. I went back to reception and paid 164 dollars for an upgrade to the main tower. How great a decision it was. The room was the exact same standard as the widescreen rooms at the Excalibur. Very modern and fresh the room was. The bed was very comfortable. The whole room was spotless. Loved the big flatscreen tv. Towels and soap etc and bed sheets done daily. I was really impressed. I also felt safe in my room. I don't think I'd feel the same if I was in the Manor Rooms. As for the casino, I'm not a gambler, but it had a nice buzz about it. The buffet however in my opinion is terrible for the price. Eat elsewhere. The Garden Grill restaurant is nice for steaks. I ordered a bottle of Fosters to drink with my dinner. The waitress then came out with a second bottle of Fosters in a bucket of ice with the cap still on it. All smiles she told me it's a complimentary bottle. Great I thought. She then said if I open it I gotta pay for it. which was strange. But overall if you get a tower room you cannot go too far wrong at Circus Circus. You might have to walk a bit to get up the strip. But seriously folks, all the hotels are basically the same. Loads of rooms and big gaming areas. Ok one might have nicer carpets than the other. But basically thats the only difference!!! Slots of Fun next door to Circus Circus is a great little place to hang out.. Great staff, dirt cheap drink and you won't run into snobs!!! Id rather get a beer there for less than $2 than get charged off for $24 at Centrifuge at MGM for 2 vodkas and a Redbull!! I knew then why the bar was empty up there!! There was a buzz at Slots Of Fun!! I know where I will stay next time in Vegas, and thats Circus Circus. Other than the Foster bottle incident you will have a feeling that your not being getting ripped off compared to prices being charged by other hotels up strip charge. Definitely stay here folks, but avoid the Manor Rooms and you'll be grand. P.s don't make an international call from the room telephone. I made a call for about 2 min back to the UK. I was put on to an operator who took my credit card details. I checked my card's online statement. The call cost 19.64!! Go up the street a bit across from Mc Donalds and get an international phonecard from seven/11 shop. A $5 card will give u over an hour to a UK landline.	
Jun 2 2009 	Very family oriented...rarely got free drinks in casino	If you're travelling with children, it's a very family friendly place. Rooms were clean and spacious. We stayed in the NON-smoking Skyrise tower with the parkade right off the elevator level...very convenient. The outdoor pool access was right down the hall. If your planning on saving a buck and staying in the Manor rooms, was advised several times to spend the little bit extra and stay in the Skyrise tower. Adventure dome looked like fun but didn't have a chance to ride any rides or play any games. Midway was interesting and has a very large traditional arcade. Restaurant was very good with above average service...it was all you can eat Prime Rib....yum yum. Fashion Show mall is a block away and your at the downtown end of the strip so taking in the Freemont experience is easy.	
Jun 2 2009	will never stay there again!!!!!!!	I was making a trip through LV on my way to and from my grand daughters graduation (else where in NV) and since my grandson would be with me thought Circus Circus would be a nice place to stay on Thurs. night and on the way back on Sunday night. Being on a very limited budget I was thrilled to find out we could get a room for less than $30 a night!!!THE THRILL STOPPED THERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!DO NOT try to purchase your room online unless you plan on completing the transaction. I reached the section that said &quot;by going to the next section you are authorizing charges to your card&quot;. Since the nights I needed the room were not consecutive nights I decided to just call reservations. I DID NOT CONTINUE to the next link!!I called reservations Wed night at 8:30pm from the Phoenix, Az area and made my reservations for thurs and sun. The next morning, I checked my bank account to be sure of the money I had left to travel on, and realized I had 3 charges pending instead of 2. It seems that although I did not complete the online reservation charges were pending on my account and would not transfer back for up to 3 buisness days. My sunday reservation was ok but they had me as a NO SHOW on my thursday because the dummy that made my reservation did it for Weds!!!! I was a no show before I left. Again, my funds for that transaction would be reversed but not for up to 3 buisness days. My already stretched budget was missing over $60!!!! We asked about getting a movie and were told there was a $50 deposit, but the card would not be used unless we actually got one and then just the amount for the movie. At check out we found out they did charge the card and low and behold ANOTHER up to 3 business days!!!!!The rooms we stayed in were not the worst I have ever stayed in but the carpet was FILTHY. On Sunday the main entry door of the manor we stayed in was taped so it would not latch (great security ???). The buffet was terrible! The rides at adventure dome were PAINFUL!! The worst part was the fact that due to the pending charges my bank account was overdrawn when I got home!! (My bank is a whole other review!!)Long story longer..... I lost my A** in Vegas and I didn't even gamble!!	
Jun 2 2009 	Decent Stay Fabulous Price!	The Circus Circus is a destination for those looking to save money, so don't stay here expecting the elegance of the Venetian or the opulance of the Belliago. What you will get is a clean, adequately appointed room. The Tower Rooms are your standard hotel rooms while the Manor Rooms are more akin to a motel setting (No room service in the Manor Rooms, but they contain a refrigerator AND parking right outside of the building). I had a family member who stayed in a Manor Room and his room was clean and comfortable. My Tower Room was the same, but with a fairly recently updated bathroom. As a six day stay cost me little more than $100 total, this was a great value and I didn't compromise on cleanliness or safety.The buffet was highly priced for the offering, in my opinion. I would recommend going to te Sahara (join their slot club for a discount), or to the nearby Palace Station for a nice buffet at a great price. Slots are about average, but there was a continual $3 blackjack game. Even Slots-A-Fun next door didn't offer a $3 table when I was there. There are two kidney shaped pools along with a large and small hot tub. The pool areas are average and do fill up quickly. The free circus acts are fun to watch and lots of activities are available for children. The $1 daily phone charge does come with free, unlimited local calls. Internet is $12 a day. While I hate that the Wi-Fi isn't free, I don't think any hotel on the strip has free Wi-Fi.Overall: Know what you want. You can stay here, on the strip, and take the &quot;Duece&quot; bus up and down the strip for $3 a trip or $7 a day. You'll have a decent room, hotel level amenities and all the requirements to have a good time without shelling out a lot of money for lodging. If this is in line with your desires and expectations then by all means stay here. If a luxurious stay with a spa is what you are seeking then this is not the place for you. I had a great time and would stay again, and would tell my closest friends and family to do the same.	
Jun 2 2009 	Ok place.	The room was basic: comfortable bed, no fridge. The housekeeping was great. Tons of kids running around unsupervised. Terrible service at the pizza place. Pretty far from the main part of the strip, but walkable. I probably wouldn't stay there again. I would spend the extra bills to go to a classier place.	
Jun 2 2009 	Better than expected	Before booking at the CC, know what you are getting into. The CC is an older casino on the far North end of the strip. It's about 2 miles from the center of the strip. The West Tower rooms are the newer more modern accommodations. Overall: For the price, this vacation was a steal. The hotel appeared to have a smell of chlorine throughout the elevators and halls. Probably due to the pool and water rides in the adventure dome. Room: We stayed in room 3724 of the Skyrise tower. We arrived late Thur night and the West Tower was booked. Check in was quick and the staff was friendly enough. Our room had a king-size bed, tiny tv, closet space, two night stands, three drawer armoire, table, two chairs and a small drink table. Plenty of room for two people. Bed: Firm but comfortable. Nothing special but it was serviceable for sleeping. Sheets were clean, no weird stains or anything. If I had to gripe about something it would be the pillows. They were about two steps up from airline pillows. We had three and requested two more from housekeeping. I found that sleeping on two of them worked out fine. Bathroom: Large granite counter with two sinks and a walk-in shower with granite walls. It was very clean. If I had to pick the biggest pleasant surprise about staying at the CC it would be the bathroom. Shower water pressure was a bit weak for me but that's about it. Note: We only used our room to sleep, shower, and change in. Most of our time was spent at the craps tables or on the strip. If you like to enjoy your room more, then another hotel would probably suit you better.Con about CC rooms: The CC is older so it is designed to make you walk through the entire casino before you get to your rooms. No big deal, but sometimes it gets to be annoying. There are only two exits on opposite ends of the casino to get out.Casino: We only played craps, but the pit bosses and dealers were the friendliest in town. The casino is older but appears to be maintained. The casino is smokier then the newer hotels.Location: The worst part about CC is the location. We like the exercise so we walked the first two days. After logging about 12-15 miles we decided to buy a deuce (bus) pass. The deuce runs every 8 min until 11pm (I think) and then every 18 min. Cost is $3 one way, $7 for 24 hrs and $15 for 3 days. It gets crowded at night, but in the day it is fast and comfortable. Kids: We do not have any, but the Adventure Dome seemed to be a great place for kids. There was a roller coaster, water ride, free falls, and many others. Plenty of activities to keep kids occupied. All day pass was $24.95, with two coupons in the CC book for $4 off. You will receive these books at check in. Anyone worried about kids bothering them, shouldn't worry. We were staying right next to the elevators on the 3rd flr, which has the pool and we never heard any noise. Also, the casino floors are kid free.Check out: Fast and no problems. Left our bags with the bell hop for 4 hours with no issues. Taxi: Cost about $20-$23 from airport. Don't take the tunnel. From the airport, you should probably take paradise rd.	
Jun 1 2009 	Not as bad as I thought it would be	We were there for 5 nights last week. We were in the West Tower, which the rooms have been redone. Bed was comfortable and the room was nice. After reading many reviews, I was really worried about what it would be like, but it wasn't bad at all. Yes the hotel is much older than the rest. The smoke wasn't that bad, some of the other hotels, were worse. There are alot of kids around cause it is geared towards kids, so if you do not want to be around kids, then I would suggest you stay somewhere else. For the price, I would stay again. only slept there for about 4 or 5 hours a night. why spend more money for that.	
Jun 1 2009 	Dirty and cheap!	Stayed at this hotel for five night swith my husband who attended a conference. The room was small and had a dirty carpet and hairs in the bathroom! Pretty much a filthy place. It is a bit of a walk down the strip to get to the other hotels, casinos and shopping. If you are on a tight budget and don't mind a place that is not so clean, this might be the place for you.	
May 30 2009 	Great hotel to stay with kids	Great hotel for kids. Adventure done,arcade and Circus acts were good for kids. Good food. Room was big.Will stay again	
May 28 2009 	extremely disappointing go elsewhere	Circus Circus is billed as a great Vegas deal. Is it? It depends. The price is okay but in these repressed times, people are finding phenomenal deals for just a little more further down the Strip. To give you one example of how it may not be the good deal you believed it to be, CC has the audacity to charge an extra dollar per day for the telephone that is in your room whether you use it or not (how tacky). Re: Location: not too bad (before the summer heat hits) if you have business at the convention center which is about a 10-15 minute walk away. For overall location, not the best on the Strip since most action is on the other end; Rooms: plain dcor, colors dark and drab, room lighting absolutely terrible (they seem to be trying to save money by using very low wattage bulbs), the beds were the absolute worst I ever have slept in here and abroadthey should have been thrown out years ago; service can be poor and management appears to have questionable control over maid service and engineering departments to name two departments. When I first complained, a manager told me they didnt comp on poor service when it involved amenitiesAre you kidding me? If management doesnt stand behind the hotel and its services, who does? They did comp me in the end, but I had to insist, complain repeatedly, and then only for that nights room rate (twice). Heck, they should have offered me a free future return or a stay in one of their other hotels for all the grief and discomfort I endured. Slots: I found the $1 slot payouts to be generous when you play 3 at a time, below that forget it; Food: quite mediocre and expensive given what the competition offers. Consider that the Belagio offers a phenomenal buffet for about twice what Circus Circus charges, the service is better, they offer great wines at a slightly extra charge, and if you stay at Circus Circus, I recommend eating at the Subway or McDonalds located right out front. For breakfast, go to another hotel and get a good meal for a couple dollars more, maybe less; Parking: Free right out back, a very nice amenity. Overall Service: the people who work there are nice enough, it is just that they dont appear to always have the support or authority to get something done. Layoffs too have left the hotel and its facilities extremely short-staffed leading to some morale problems and serious delays and breakdowns in service. My overall recommendation: If you are a businessperson, professional, traveling without children, or visiting the U.S. for the first time, shop around for other hotel offerings. You will be glad you did. The lowest rate may not be the overall best deal in this town.	
May 28 2009 	Good budget option in Vegas	The hotel is a little dated but excellent value. The rooms are large with a big bathroom. Check in was quick and the desk assistant was very helpful. The hotel is located near the end of the strip but the bus runs from right out the front every 5 mins or so and you can buy a 3 day pass for $15. The internet is charged at $11.99 per 24 hours but I don't think this is very different from any other hotel in Vegas. Although we had a good time at Circus Circus I think if we visit Vegas again we will stay at Hurrahs, which is central strip and offers great drink deals - a good place to stay for couples or groups. Those with children may appreciate Circus Circus a bit more than we did.	
May 26 2009 	Rip OFF! Ruined my tire and rim and wont pay for it!	I used the Valet parking.....The next day, I figured I wouldnt need to check my tires after leaving it &quot;safe&quot; with the Valet parking.... When I reached Utah, I did a walk around and noticed that my passenger front tire and rim had been RUINED! I nice gash in my tire and rim! I have expensive tires and rims....I called, made the report as soon as I noticed....Called them on Monday...They absolutely refused to pay for the damage done to my car! OOH, Dont eat at the buffet, it is a rip off, all the food is nasty! Also, the beds REALLY sucked! Paid 100 a night...for what? NOTHING!	
May 25 2009 	If you have kids bring them here.	Stayed there last year and we're going again this summer. The first time is tricky, might get lost but easy to learn you're way around. Pools looked too crowded but my little ones loved the circus acts and playing games while dad played his machines! There's a McDonald's restaurant in there incase you don't need a buffet breakfast or just want some fries to snack on. Good value and lots of things for the kids to see. The check out line was pretty long but they have those boxes to return your room card and leave if you don't need anything else.	
May 21 2009 	Brilliant and great fun!	We went to this hotel after refusing to stay at the Riviera across the road. This hotel was brilliant. Our first trip to Vegas, we found the staff friendly and very helpful and the check in process was easy. We stayed in the Skyrise tower, overlooking the Stratosphere. The hotel is dated in comparison to the others, but this is certainly reflected in the price.The maid service was great, the sheets changed everyday and room cleaned. We didn't eat much in the hotel, but there is plenty of choice available if you wanted to. The theme is very light hearted and a fun place to stay at. I would have no doubts staying there again.	
May 20 2009 	Not nearly as bad as it is rated	Ok, so this place isn't the Taj Mahal, but for the price ($25) and the things to do (largest indoor theme park in the world for $20), this is a good deal. They have free circus shows about every hour. It's not close to the main part of the strip, but it's walkable.The TV is ridiculously small, like a 19&quot; tube TV.The room isn't that bad. But not great, for sure.The buffet is a great deal for the strip, $13, and you can get your own drinks.There is a McDonald's and a Subway right next door.The pool is pretty bad, the only major mark against the hotel.There is an RV park attached to it, with a coin-laundry room.The Adventuredome theme park, for $20 for all the rides, is worth it, and friendly to all ages of kids.	
May 20 2009 	Just pay a little more for better hotel or much less for off-strip clean hotel.	Strong stench in the &quot;Manor&quot; room. Staff couldn't care less about the problem. Was forced to upgrade to &quot;deluxe&quot; room with less stench and old+dirty sheets. Bad rooms, worst staffs. Stay away!	
May 20 2009 	Clean comfortable beds lots to do $3.00 black jack only one on strip!	We found alot of values in hotel itself. Nice pools, have to walk aways to them on third floor, big casino, constantly going wrong way to and from strip.Best prime rib all you can eat for 11.95 1/2 price margaretta pitchers Free circus actsWent with a friend and we had a blast. We had no intention of spending alot of time in our room when we decided to go to Vegas. We would stay again. It looks like they are building a new casino next to to replace this one.Unlike alot of the casinos we reviewed, ther was not a daily charge to use the pool.	
May 19 2009 	Pleasantly surprised after all the bad reviews	My husband and I decided at the last minute to spend some time in Las Vegas whilst visiting Miami and it was the best travel decision we've made in a while.We opted to stay at Circus Circus to save money despite the many bad reviews that were written.We were able to call ahead for Express check-in which saved us having to stand in the long lines.Our room was on the 9th floor (NON-SMOKING) and we were escorted to the appropriate elevator (all elevators are not created equal-LOL)We stayed in the West Tower which was one of the newly renovated rooms and we were more than happy with what we got.2 Queen BedsIron &amp; Ironing BoardHair DryerCable TV-flat screenIf for some reason we were forced to stay in our rooms for the duration of the trip we would have been okay.We had a problem with the safe and maintenance arrived before we could put the phone down from making the request.The hotel itself i okay-it was pretty busy most of the time.Dinner at the steakhouse was excellent!The main casino was pretty smoky so we opted to gamble (the little we did) at Caesar's Palace.We used the Deuce transit system so our location was never a problem.Our return trip is booked for October.	
May 19 2009 	Cheap for a night on the strip	The hotel is run down and probably in line for once of the next tear downs, but it was cheap and clean. The amusement park was closed for cleaning and there were little stands selling carnival type junk. Eating options were limited.	
May 16 2009 	Try the other end of the Strip	Stayed here with my son and daughters boyfriend for 4 nights having travelled out for the Ricky Hatton debacle.Seems to me most Vegas rooms are pretty functional and the casinos virtually interchangeable so from our point of view we weren`t bothered about fancy Hotel.We intended to spend very little time in the room anyway and shopping in the hotels wasn`t a factor that we were bothered with. Price was uppermost in our decision to stay here and it was a good price we got.We stayed in the Manor Rooms which are not actually in the hotel.They are basically 4 big rather ugly buildings in a car park about 400 yards outside the main hotel.The rooms were fine though not really a 3 person room we`d been promised-2 queen size beds not the 3 singles I`d asked for and so a fold up bed was provided when we complained.The room was over crowded for 3 guys but it didn`t bother us since we weren`t there to spend anything other than the minimum time in the room.Maid service daily was efficient,towels and toiletries plentiful.It was clean.No complaints for the price.There was a TV--it probably worked.We didn`t watch.My only reservation is that the hotel is at the end of the Strip with less action and fewer other casinos to visit so if I could get a good price on MGM Grand or Luxor or Excalibur I`d sooner be at that end of the Strip,which is after all about 4 and a half miles long so being at the &quot;wrong&quot; end can get pricey in taxis to get where you want to be.On the other hand if Circus Circus was doing a really good deal I`d stay again.If going with my wife,I`d go elsewhere though--ambience and shopping would win out and MGM Grand,Bellagio,Wynn etc would be more the mark for a couples vacation	
May 13 2009 	Huge but okay!	Huge hotel, but room in skytower was OK. Tip: first park yr car, then it's a short trip by elevator to the check-in. Check-in was not busy at all! You'll get a coupon for Adventuredome (2 for 1 ) when checkin' in. Swimmingpool closes at 6pm!	
May 11 2009 	Good value but wouldn't pay full price	OK, so we never should have gone to Vegas. I hated the casino atmosphere, having to walk past gaming machines and cigarette smoke to either enter or exit the hotel. The room was OK, service was very impersonal due to the size of the place but it was CHEAP.The room was a LOOOONNG walk from the street/main entrance (it literally took 10-15 minutes). The guest laundry was in the RV park (add another 5 mins walk). Good value but I'd neither stay in Vegas nor in this hotel again.	
May 5 2009 	Need a Cheap Hotel for work... 10 mins away from the Convention ?	I would only stay here for the location of the hotel beign close by to the main convention centre... Otherwise I would look around... Its a 10 minute walk to the convention centre and ideally located.. Its pretty good even with company.. Vegas is too hot always and the strip gets busier by the evening.. so you want to be among the hustle bustle.. and get out at the right time :)	
May 4 2009 	great family place	This was our first trip to vegas.This place was perfect,has lots of games for the kids,the adventure dome was great for kis and adults.Our room was good size with connecting door to the kids,good comfortable queen beds.Great place to stay and cheap.	
May 3 2009 	A great fun-filled experience!	Myself &amp; my partner stayed here in February 2007. It was my first time in America &amp; we enjoyed every moment of it! We got married in Vegas &amp; Circus Circus was our accommodation. Although it is at one end of the strip it is still in walking distance of any of the other hotels &amp; if you don't fancy the walk then the 'Deuce' bus stops right outside the hotel for only $5 for a whole days travelling. Also the Hilton hotel is only a short walk away &amp; they have a monorail that travels right down to the MGM Grand or you can get off at any stop you fancy. Our room was clean &amp; we never had any problems with it or with any of the staff, they were always polite &amp; helpful. The only downside I would say about this hotel is with it being one of the older ones it is quite smokey in the casino area. The air conditioning in some of the higher star rated hotels such as the Bellagio &amp; Treasure Island hides the smoke better. Having said that you cannot get a better value for money hotel &amp; I would definately recommend Circus Circus.	
May 2 2009 	Circus fun in Vegas	We stayed here for about a week. Hotel is on one end of the strip so walk towards the other end can be long. But plenty of stuff to do in circus circus. Also, its children play area is gerat for kids. In door amusement park is worth a visit. Food quality and prices are more value for $ to other places on strip.	
May 2 2009 	Nice	We stayed for 2 nights from April 26 till 28 and it was fun. Nice clean rooms on the tower, free parking lot, right on the strip and next to convenience stores and drugstore. We just payed $40 dollars per night per room and hotel staff was very kind with us. There is a charge for wireless internet and $1 dollar telephone fee per night per room.	
May 1 2009	Decent place	Stay was okay. The black jack games at the casino are $3 minimum :)	
Apr 30 2009 	Had a great time at the Circus Circus	Me and my boyfriend stayed at the Circus Circus for our first trip to Vegas recently and I have to say I was slightly worried after reading the reviews on here! We stayed for 4 nights as part of a multi centre holiday and had a really great time. As i'd never been to Vegas before I was amazed at the sheer size of everything, the hotel was huge, the room was huge, there were two huge beds in our room, the casino was also huuge! It took about 30minutes just to walk from our room to the reception area! The staff were friendly and helpful and check in was a breeze - no queue!! We had a tower room with a great view looking down the strip, the room was great, clean and comfortable with enough room for a family of four! The decor was a tad old fashioned but I wasn't complaining - I was in Vegas!! I thought the location towards the north end of the strip was just fine, it took about 20mins walk to get into the centre of the strip but there are lots of things to see on the way and you have to get used to doing alot of walking in Vegas - there are other hotels further 'north' than Circus Circus like Stratosphere and Sahara so it's not isolated on it's own or anything! I can't comment on the buffet or anything as we never ate at the Circus Circus but there were a few restaurants in the hotel that looked very nice. Circus Circus may not be as modern or extravagant as some of the other hotels on the strip but it's a great base for seeing what Vegas has to offer, great value for money and I would definately go back!	
Apr 30 2009 	Fun Unlimited	Las Vegas being a place of fun, excitement, winning, loosing, romance and lots more...where this hotel stands tall on the main strip with all its various activities. They have everything from cassino to indoor theme park, circus to games...and not to mention lovely hospitality. This holel is for all age groups...so need not worry and go ahead and book it guys!!My JP # [--]	
Apr 29 2009 	Would never stay at this place..	I was planning to stay the weekend at this place after a couple of business meetings in Las Vegas. The price was right and it seemed like it was in a good location. The location was not terrible (north end of the strip), but you really get what you pay for...The room they gave me was not even in the hotel/casino! Be aware that if your room says &quot;Manor Room&quot;, that means you are out in the parking lot. You have to walk about 10 minutes from the lobby out to the sketchy parking lot to these rows of 2 story buildings that look like run down Motel 6's from a horror movie. I am a 26 year old guy who thought it was sketchy making that walk, so think about that if you plan to bring your g/f or family...After seeing the terrible location of the room and the extremely shabby appearance of the room, I trudged back to the front desk to ask for a different location - I was even willing to pay more money. The clerks at the front desk said they had no rooms available and that I would have to call in the morning to see if there were any cancellations. They would not put me on a wait list and upgrade me if something came up. They said if I called in the morning and there were no openings, I would have to keep calling until there was a cancellation - they had no wait list whatsoever. After discussing what options I had with the front desk (for about 30 minutes), which essentially were none, I decided to cancel my reservation. They said they would have to charge for the first night, so I might as well stay. I was so frustrated with them at that point, that I let them charge my card and went and stayed somewhere else. Overall I was very disappointed with their service, their rooms in the &quot;Manor&quot; and my overall experience. I will never even consider staying at this hotel again.	
Apr 28 2009 	lumpy bed	I have stayed at circus circus 3 times now. The first two times were great. Stayed in the tower, with my daughter and her family. This time I went with my husband and I raved about the hotel.It was the worse 2 nights we had.The mattress was lumpy. You could feel the springs in your back. It even made noise when you turned over.The other patrons were so loud at 3:30 every morning you couldn't sleep. Not to mention the people on the 12th floor who listened to music half the night and all you could hear was boom boom boom.The worse stay I've ever had!!!!	
Apr 28 2009 	Good price location leaves much to be desired	I liked the excellent price we recieved on our hotel. We were even upgraded because when we arrived - the hotel didn't have the room they had reserved for us. Check in took about 30 minutes because of a huge line. The room was very nice. The hotel itself was extremely busy. Crowded all the time. Casino was okay, but &quot;slots of fun&quot; right next door was better (and paid better). It is a designated stop for The Duece Bus, and that was a good thing. The nearest monorail hub is 1/2 a mile down the road. The one major problem that got to me is that the hotel allows timeshare people to come into the hotel and HARASS the guests about coming to view a timeshare. When I say harassment, it was just that. They would follow you and yell at you if you told them no. That was a big change for us, because during our previous stays (at other hotels on the strip) this was not allowed. It is for that reason and the location on the very end of the strip that we will not stay at Circus Circus again. The constant having to duck the time share people was unbearable. Also, we prefer to stay mid strip. There was homeless people outside our hotel at Circus Circus, and we just did not feel entirely safe when walking to other casinos at night. Additionally, even tho the rooms got a recent makeover - parts of the hotel seemed a little run down.	
Apr 25 2009 	BUSY - Family Atmosphere	This was not our first stay at the Circus Circus. We stayed in one of the advertised recently renovated West Tower non smoking 2 queen sized beds rooms. Even though the furnishings and decor indicated it was recently renovated from our previous visit, the room was beginning to age due to the large number of guests that stay at this hotel. However, our room was clean as was the bathroom although the windows needed a cleaning badly.Spent quite a few hours at the pool - it was very busy as it was Spring break - finding a lounge was a task at times depending on what time you were visiting the pool and the weather of the day.We encountered a few problems during our stay: no advertised fun books were provided to our family upon checkin as we were advised we would receive when making our reservations; no towels in our room upon our checkin into our room the very first day and despite leaving our room at approximately 8:00 a.m. our room was not made up until later that afternoon after 3:00 p.m.We advised the housekeeping/bell and front desk staff as well as guest services of the problems that our family encountered during our stay. And we were pleasantly surprised that the hotel took the time to understand our concerns and rectified the problem(s).Should we return to Las Vegas in the future, we will definitely consider staying at the Circus Circus once again.	
Apr 24 2009 	Wow- What a Value!	I stayed on the 32nd floor of the West Tower. I rented 2 adjoining rooms for $35 a night each! Wonderfully large rooms with granite marble tops and clean. Two queen sized beds. This is a great hotel for kids and a great value. Vegas is hurting now due to the recession, and this is one of the best hotel values I've ever had - and free parking!	
Apr 24 2009 	Good room for a cheap price	Circus Circus was a good place to lay your head at night. However, the food and casino were lacking. We basically stayed away from the hotel all day until we needed to sleep. The room was nice and larger than expected. The room was clean and always had plenty of towels, shampoo, and soap. Circus Circus was great for what we needed. Simply a room to crash in at the end of a long funfilled day.	
Apr 22 2009	GOOD FOR THE PRICE	My daughter and I stayed at CIRCUS CIRCUS in March 2009. The room was clean and perfectly adequate. We had clean towels every day and clean sheets when requested, (the little card you leave on the bed). The casino it's self is not the newest but you're in the best place to choose a casino. The restaurant does a lovely breakfast buffet but the evening buffet is not worth it. There's a circus act starting at 11am in The Midway. We didn't see much of it but it was always busy. Also, there's a theme park with roller coaster and rides. There's a bus stop outside the hotel that takes you to the main strip and the other side takes you downtown. The Freemont Street Experience (Downtown) is great. There's a light show you have to see. It starts at at 7pm, (I think) and are every hour on the hour but the best one's are a bit later, see one then go to the buffet at the Freemont St hotel and casino, it's really good food and well worth the money. There's a good outlet shopping centre that the bus takes you right outside. We had a fantastic time in Vegas and the hotel I would recommend. It's clean, good location for either direction and professional and friendly staff.	
Apr 19 2009 	Wonderful!	Despite some reviews I read, I booked based on price and location. I wasn't disappointed at all! From check-in to check-out, the entire experience was definitely more bang for the buck. My room was nice, clean, spacious and always fully stocked by the housekeeping staff. I left early on a Friday morning, and left one of my rings (not noticed until I got to the airport). I immediately called CC Security, who already had the ring and shipped it out that day!	
Apr 17 2009 	I Loved It!	Although I was there a few years ago, it was great at the time. The Blue Iguana is the best place to get Mexican food, and the drinks are wonderful. The rooms are average, but not bad, plus for the price you can't beat it. My only complaint is the roller coaster, if you're short like me, your head smashed from one side to the other, giving you a major headache. My husband on the other hand, who is fairly tall, had no problems at all. I thought the service was above average. Overall, I thought it was a great place to stay. I plan on staying there each time I'm in Vegas.	
Apr 17 2009	Las Vegas	Didnt enjoyed the hotel, though the city was very nice. My sons pram was stolen from Circus Circus, and no one even entertained. Rooms were OK, The Airconditioning created trouble. May be good for those, who have shoe string budget	
Apr 16 2009 	Value for Money	After reading the reviews, i really was looking into changing our hotel but i was pleasantly suprised. The hotel - yes it is dated, it was built in the 1960's but for somewhere to lay your head and shower after walking all day it was perfect. The hotel is at the end of the strip but it's not to far to walk....Hotel - Takes about 45 minutes to check in but got upgraded to one of the recently renovated rooms, plasma screnn, pillow top xlarge bed...tidy and very spacious. The hotel casino's do smell of stale smoke but this is only because smoking is allowed in the casino but we had a nonsmoking room and it was fine. The buffet restaurant is a little bit canteen style but is one of the cheapest buffets on the strip - u get what you pay for. Breakfast is $10 and you have unlimited bacon, waffles, pancakes, eggs, bagels, cereal, fruit, yoghurt and fruit juice etc - enough to keep you going for a good few hours. Dinner was ok but the food is very same-y and you get your usual deep fried chicken, beef stew etc. The shops seem to be a little over priced for soft drinks and snacks, there is a supermarket as you come out of the hotel on the left which we didnt find until the last day but it is a lot cheaper and has much more vaiety - think it's where the locals shop!Few things about Vegas, i got some tips from trip advisor which really helped - The DEUCE - it's a big gold double decker bus that runs up and down the strip 24 hours a day and comes along every 5-10 mins in busy times. Worth getting a 3 or 5 day pass as you can get on and off as many times as u like and it does come in handy just to sit down for 5 mins to go to the next hotel! Shopping - we went to the las vegas fashion outlet in Primm - u can get tickets from the top of the fashion show mall - it takes about 45 minutes to get there and goes twice a day. Shops ok there, has a Gap, Timberland etc and the usual bargain shops - things are cheaper there but not as good as the outlet centres i have been to in New York. The Las Vegas outlet (which is where the last stop on the deuce is) is just 5 mins outside of vegas, not great, has converse and a few other shops i have heard of but all the others i had never heard of.Went to Grand Canyon on a bus trip but would advise flying for that bit extra as you have to get on 3 different buses and takes hours!! Was amazing to see the grand canyon though and well worth going.The hotel is a great place to stay if you want to be away from all the noise and hustle and bustle. There are a lot of kids there as there is an indoor theme park and a circus there but we dont have kids and you dont really get invloved in any of it if you are just looking for a cheap place to stay. The pool was fine and had a lovely large warm jacuzzi that is nice to relax in after walking all day.Overall i would definately recommend Vegas and Circus Circus as for what we paid - i could not beleive the value for money and friendly staff.....	
Apr 16 2009 	OK - eat elsewhere though.....	Stayed here a couple of years ago so my review may be a little out of date if things have changed. To sum it up, CircusCircus was OK. The room was of average size and reasonably clean. The casino area was a little dated and a bit of a sticky carpet to be honest, much nicer casinos in other hotels. The location is ok, at the top end of the strip. We ate in one of the restaurants within the hotel. The food was dire. A 10 year old chicken breast, was like eating string, and when we complained, we were met with abuse and told that we should have sent the food back as soon as it came, but as it was covered in breadcrumbs, one had to bite into it to taste it!!! So, as a result, no apology or discount on the bill offered by the restaurant manager. Las Vegas itself is fantastic. Loved every minute. All in all, if it hasn't already had one, CircusCircus could do with a massive revamp or a thorough cleaning of the casino area at least!!!!!	
Apr 15 2009 	OK Value for the money	My husband, three children, mother &amp; I stayed from March 29th to April 1st. We booked two rooms &amp; stayed in the Skyway (?) Tower. My mothers room was decorated ok, however, ours was missing a picture, the alarm clock had to be unplugged due to incessant buzzing---was definately worse for wear. Staff was wonderful...prompt maintenance service when Mom's toilet broke. Met up with friends who stayed in the Manor rooms. They had a fridge &amp; I liked the decor in those rooms better, however, I noticed a towel that sat in the entry way for 3 days, &amp; a vacuum cleaner was left outside my friends' door overnight. Would not recommend the Midway as the games kept eating quarters, &amp; I could not find an agent to refund lost money. Also saw childless adults hanging around---creepy!	
Apr 15 2009 	Horrible!	What a tired old dump! Dark, dirty, over crowded. We did not stay here (thank goodness) but took our kids to see the circus...ok, it was a good way to kill an hour but OMG, I was scared just to walk through the place. There is new construction all around the place - maybe the owners of this dump should take a clue they are about to loose business to the new places, bulldoze the place and start over. STAY FAR AWAY.	
Apr 13 2009 	Excellent value	Excellent bedrooms in this very good value hotel. At the far end of the strip so quite a distance from other hotels however there is a Deuce bus stop at the front of the hotel and for 7$ per day you can travel up and down as much as you like. When you look around other hotels they are much more luxurious than Circus Circus but they are also a lot more expensive. We had an excellent 3 nights at this hotel and couldn't fault it at all. Buffet restaurant excellent value and very nice food. Nothing fancy but something for everyone. Not necessarily the best but excellent value.	
Apr 10 2009 	So so for adults great for children	I checked Trip Advisor after my fiance' booked a nonrefundable 5 nights at Circus Circus.I was somewhat prepared for what we got for the price. Our Manor room on the first floor was big but outdated. Before we left for dinner the first night, it sounded like the people above us were jumping off the bed onto the floor. I woke up the first night to a crying toddler in the room next door. Luckly, that was the worst night for noise. Had the breakfast buffet twice. Get there early and there is no line. Beware of sales reps for Tahiti Village. They will offer you discounts for dinner, shows, etc. for 2 hours of your time.They seemed to be everywhere!	
Apr 9 2009 	Old Smelly but ok if on a budget	A group of us from IReland stayed here during paddys day for 5 days. It is very clear what has happened to this Hotel and this end of the Strip. The Curcus Circus im sure in its day was THE place to be in Vegas and faces the famous Riviera. The remainder of the strip is full of modern first class Hotels. The Circus Circus feels like it has accepted defeat agasinst these and so doesnt bother to maintain itself and im sure will always get business from the lies of us, gangs of lads who were on a budget.There is cearly a 2 star Hotel, from the casino, to the buffet, the staff, the smell and the dreaded carpet throughout. We were lucky in that we had once of the nicer rooms with a fab view, but.................there was an inch thick of dirt on the window, they had not been cleaned in years.The smell throughout got to me after a couple of days and i just wanted out, I was jealous walking down the strip seeing the other hotels and knowing theres great bargains to be got now.Look, if you dont care about hygiene, food, bad mannered staff then stay here.IF you do, then dont, stay well clear.Im going back in July and am in the Mandalay bay ;-)))))))Dave,	
Apr 9 2009 	An Absolute Dump!!	My wife and I just got back from our stay at Circus Circus and I can tell you without a doubt that it is the absolute worst. We thought we'd save some money and decided that Circus Circus really couldn't be that bad, but we were very, very wrong. The first impression you get when you walk into the lobby to check in is that maybe you've made a mistake. We got checked in fairly late (11pm) and decided to take our bags to the room and explore the casino. When we got to our room we found the toilet was broke and did not flush properly, the faucet in the sink could not be turned off it had a constant flow of water coming out of it and there was still trash in the trashcan in the room. Instead of initially giving us another room they sent a maintenance guy up and he proceeded to tear the toilet apart trying to fix it. I'm not kidding, he had toilet parts all over the bathroom floor, a complete and utter mess. Come to find out the toilet would have to be replaced. We had to call down to the front desk and request another room and an hour later we actually got one. After we got settled into the 2nd room we went down to the casino. We walked around all of 15 or 20 minutes which was all it took. My wife was nervous due to all the seedy gangster like characters that were walking around the casino, we felt completely out of place so we returned back to the room. Needless to say as soon as we got up in the mornin we went down and got a taxi and got the hell out of there and didn't return until late in the evening. As much as I hate to say it, it was the absolute worst stay I have ever had in Vegas and I would steer anyone away from going to Circus Circus.	
Apr 6 2009 	Great value for a room on the Strip	Circus Circus is cheap, really cheap. It's not the most glamourous place to stay, but it is still on the Strip, the rooms are large, the pool reasonable, the casino OK. The free gaming lessons in the mornings were useful. It's about 20 minutes to walk to the main section of the strip, although Circus Circus is on the Trolley. The buffet was fairly bad, and $11.99 for 24 hours of wi-fi absolutely extortionate. And, though I expect to be hassled on the Strip, I don't really want pushy sales techniques as I wander through my hotel. But, all-in-all, you pay an incredibly low price for a more than reasonable experience.	
Apr 5 2009 	What a dump!!! Dont stay here!! Its cheap for a reason!!	Rooms are very basic and grubby. They dont even have lights in the ceilings so you have to use the minimal light provided by the two lamps to navigate your way around the room. Out of the hundreds of rooms the hotel has we were sent over to a section of rooms located on the ground floor at the rear of the hotel having to cross a busy road to get there! so we didnt even get a view of the strip to make up for the s**ty room. The hotel is at the very far end of the strip a good 45min walk to where the action is. Cabs are costly and the public transport.. 'The'Duece' is a JOKE! Your lucky if you can get on a bus and if you dare to comment to the driver you get sworn at and abused! Great service!My advice spend a little extra and stay somewhere nice it'll make your holiday much more enjoyable.	
Mar 31 2009 	What a blast	We didn't know what to expect for $26/night, but were thrilled with it all. What a riot. Trapeze artists, a midway, a casino, entertainment, food. We wanted to stay somewhere where we didn't stick out when pushing a stroller, and we didn't. But it was fun for all ages. Great location, very clean and quiet room (in tower), super nice bell man, free valet, front desk was only so-so, but floor staff and bartenders were great. Highly recommend.	
Mar 31 2009 	West Tower Room Was Very Nice!!!	My boyfriend and I just got back from a fun little weekend trip to Vegas. Whatever you do, request a West Tower room, or pay to upgrade to this room. I know they have old and outdated rooms, but the West Tower Room was really nice with flat screen tv's and a nice bathroom. I used to stay at Circus Circus all the time when I was growing up, so this place is nostalgic to me, but I am very picky about a nice hotel room and was totally impressed with the West Tower room. For the price, you can't beat it, especially to be right on the strip. The casino itself is old, but the West Tower Rooms were just as nice as a 4 star hotel! If you don't mind walking, everything on the strip is just a 10-15 minute walk away and it's great to get some excerise and people watch of course. Also, don't miss the Paris's Le Village Buffet for weekday lunch, or Saturday/Sunday champagne brunch buffet for $24.99 per person, great food and you can drink a lot of champagne when you mix it with a little cranberry juice ;).	
Mar 29 2009 	awesome one of my favorite hotels	i felt like i was in paradise while i was staying at that hotel i mean i loved the room the service and everything it was so cool i can't wait to stay there again :)	
Mar 29 2009 	Wouldn't go back	We were in Manor building C #2227 Walls paper thin, could hear people in room next to us when they were talking in a normal voice, small children running &amp; yelling in hall way after 10:00pm until 1:00am. Asked to be next to brother &amp; sister-in-law &amp; was put at the opposite ends of the hall, also made reservation for a KING bed &amp; got 2 QUEEN beds instead.MK Bakersfield, Ca	
Mar 28 2009 	never go there	Our room was horrible and grubby especially the bathroom the whole room was dated we had a view of the construction site around the 34th floor, we booked the hotel for ourselves and two kids mainly for the adventuredome, when we got there the adventuredome was closed for maintenance for the four days we where there, no courtesy call to say this was happening,(This was the reason we booked here) very smokey atmosphere everywhere,(understandibly as it was a casino, but the kids had to walk past all the smoke to get out of the building) It took ages to get out of the building from our room, seemed like corridor after corridor oh and beware of constantly being zapped by static that was a nightmare. Once out of the hotel you could actually enjoy vegas. The foyer down near the main entrance was so dated with its grubby white and silver chairs it looked so cheap and nasty. Forgot to mention both children came down with a nasty virus while we were there!!!!!	
Mar 27 2009 	Couldn't have asked for it to be any better	After booking our trip we read bad review after bad review. I'm not sure what these people are expecting but I thought EVERYTHING was great. Housekeeping was awesome! We went to the buffet a few times and all thought it was well worth it. My husband loved the sports book. The pool was great. Our room was very clean and spacious. We had a family of five in one room for 9 days and it was just fine. Don't take these bad reviews to seriously because these people must be use to a 5 star or are just really uptight. I've stayed in plenty of hotels and no Circus Circus isn't top of the line but it is far from a dump. It's an average place that's great for family's or single people just stay off the 3rd floor if you don't like kids.	
Mar 26 2009 	I love this place	First off... I see a lot of complaints about long check in times. Circus Circus has created a solution to this, you just need to be informed. Circus Circus has created an express check in service. All you have to do is call a number, give them your room preferences and they will put you on the express check in list. I had my wife call and check in while we were driving up to Las Vegas. Upon arrival, we found a check in line with about 50-70 people. We then found a line with 2 people, marked &quot;Express Check-In&quot;. We saved ourselves at least an hour and were headed to our room within 5 minutes. Believe me, though, we got lots of angry glares from the uninformed travelers who had been waiting in line much longer than us.Our room was on the 33rd floor(we requested to be as high up as possible) and in the corner of the hotel. It was very secluded and quiet. We opted to pay 10 bucks a night extra for an updated room in the West tower. It was very clean(though I will admit I found a hair on two of the three pillows) and comparable to rooms at higher level hotels. Do yourself an enormous favor and pay the extra 10 bucks a night for the updated rooms. If not, at least request to be in a tower. The manor rooms cost as much as the tower that isn't updated, but they will put you in either if you don't specify.After getting settled we decided to get some dinner. The &quot;Casino Cafe&quot; that we enjoyed on our last visit now has limited hours and was closed so we tried &quot;Mexitalia X-Press&quot;. We didn't expect much from it but the Mexican pizza I ordered ended up being pretty good. Prices are about the same as a typical chain restaurant, i.e. Applebees, Chili's, etc. and portions are pretty big. I brought half my pizza back to the room.We relaxed in the room awhile and watched TV on the flat panel before heading down to the casino. We decided to go to &quot;Slots A' Fun&quot;, which is a casino located on the Circus Circus property that is home to primarily vintage slot machines that still accept pennies, nickels, quarters, etc in lieu of credit. The casino also features 16 oz draft beers and margaritas for $1.25, though my wife said the margaritas had very little alcohol in them. I wanted to try one of their gigantic $1.99 hot dogs from the snack bar but it was cash only. The casino also has a Subway but we were a little turned off to find their prices were literally twice as much as a typical Subway(all of their footlongs were at least $10). We went back to Circus Circus and ate a cheap meal at Mcdonalds, which is located on the Midway level.CONS -The parking garage is ancient and kind of a pain in the neck if the place is crowded. It's also pretty filthy... when we arrived we found a soda bottle filled with urine sitting in front of a parking spot near us. When we left the next day it was still there.Also, we were told at check in that we would have a view of the strip. Instead, we had a view of the Adventure Dome and the manor rooms.All and all it was a very good stay and we will certainly be back...	
Mar 24 2009 	We had a great stay.	The hotel was clean, there were plenty of good towels for the two of us, and when we needed a light bulb replaced, and the safe opened up from the last customers in the room, we only had to wait 15 minutes or so. The check in process was faster than most I think. This is a huge hotel and there are always lots of people waiting to check in, but I only had to wait about 5 minutes for the 6 or 8 people in front of me. The bill was difficult to understand, everything was broken up by person and individual charges, like phone charges whether you use it or not. But I think we were charged fairly and for the price we paid, it was a great deal. I would have appreciated free internet though, I have never been to a hotel where you had to pay extra. So, if you don't mind crowds (the lobby was always busy and full of people waiting for something) this place was great...and if you have kids, even better for all the kids activities in the Adventuredome. The food at the buffet was okay, lots of fresh fruit and take-out cups for coffee in the morning.	
Mar 24 2009 	Will never stay here again	Hotel posted a fraudulent charge to our credit card, and only offered a free buffett to make up for the criminal action. Housekeeping staff could not speakl any english. Huge stain on our &quot;remodeled&quot;room carpet. Front desk staff was very unhelpful and rude. Slots did not pay out well once the guests for Nascar staring arriving. Our entir experience at the hotel was horrible. Will never stay there again, even if they offered us a free stay.	
Mar 22 2009 	Will not return! Circus Circus Circus.	Our family just returned from a weeklong Spring Break trip to the Southwest. I found and booked a night at Circus Circus for a reasonable rate. A rare place not charging $15-30per kid extra. My expectations were not too high, but didn't expect the surprise we encountered. We arrived early afternoon. Decided to delay check-in after we saw the lenght of line at front desk. St. Patty's day so place was sold out. We headed down the strip for a day and evening of fun. Got back around midnight, exhausted, to check in. Line wasn't muchshorter and they only had three agents working, part time. Took an hour, got our key,headed to room, key didn't work. Went back to lobby, got two more keys, they didn't work.Went back to lobby, kidnapped a nice bell desk guy. He came up to room, and his keydidn't work, either. He said he'd have to have Security open the room in case someoneelse was in the room. It is now past 1:30. Security shows up (also very nice guy) opensthe room, peeks inside, says all clear. My son goes in first, not all clear. Someonewas sleeping in one of the beds. Security stayed with us, called downstairs, got put on hold, twice, moved us to another room (vacant). It was now after 2:00 am.Got a few hours sleep (nice room) and went downstairs to tell my story to manangement.While the desk supervisor was empathic, didn't offer anything, until I asked him for a reccomendation for breakfast. Gave me a couple of 2 for 1 buffet tickets. Other than the Bell guy and the Security guy, the other staff seemed indifferent, overworked or annoyed. We stayed at Sam's Town last year and would definitely stay there instead of CircusCircus, even though way off strip.	
Mar 21 2009 	Perfect for exploration of Las Vegas	If your like myself &amp; my husband the purpose of your visit to any holiday destination is not to sit in your hotel watching tv and scratching your behind! Its about getting out there, finding new things to see, new places to go, finding adventure! Its Las Vegas for goodness sake!Old?- yes! Granny wallpaper?- yes! Children around the place?- yes! what do you expect? this is a hotel stuck in the old day..... THE GOOD OLD DAYS! ok it may not have zoo animals at your beck and call, and marble, gold&amp; diamond encrusted floors but who really cares! It has bright lights, friendly down to earth people there spending what they want not what they feel they have to, nice friendly staff and clean comfortable rooms with a view- ok this view could possibly be of a car park or the front of the hotel or a nicer hotel but let me stress the point again! your not there to say in your room! You get top end three star standard everyday for half the price of a nightclub entry ticket in Vegas. Its on the strip, its oldskool and to top it all off you get free fantastic circuis acts while you play. The beer is cold, flowing &amp; free no matter what your bet! We have stayed in hotels all over Ireland and the rest of the world and i'll tell you now that its of a good standard and cheaper that a hostel on the Arran Islands! There are no $500 slots and no pretensas here, its just good cheap fun! if you have booked this hotel and are looking at other reviews with horror and depression then fear not! This hotel is a cut above the rest, and a great starting point for your Las Vegas holiday!The last thing I will say is that if you going to Vegas dont drink too much, bring sun cream, wear good walking shoes and relax! If your there worrying about the small things you will miss the big things! also slots or fun is the best!Well done the Irish rugby team- up the Irish!	
Mar 21 2009 	Giant Garbage Bin	This hotel is like a giant garbage bin, everything is filthy. I will list the pros and cons to staying here:PROS:-super cheap prices, even tho its a dump, you get what you pay for i guess, and you dont pay much, some nights when its slow you can stay in their best room for the cost of a basic room at another 3 star hotel. -great location, right on the las vegas strip.-nice casino, restraunts, lots of shopping, free circus act, entertainment is definately there, not the best, but its there.CONS:-my room was so dirty that i didnt want to sleep in the bed without wearing my hooded sweatshirt with the hood up. huge black stains in the carpet, maids didnt clean the room well, orange pop sprayed on the walls etc.-kids everywhere, kids crying, totally killed the Vegas Vibe.-Very outdated decor, in major need of a renovation, especially for las vegas, they need to up their game.-You can stay at the Sahara or Stratosphere for almost the same price and get 10X the value over there. I would recomend the Stratosphere to anyone that is considering Circus Circus, and the Sahara is good too!	
Mar 19 2009 	past its sell by date	Went to circus circus with a friend and was dissapointed with the room and hotel. It was very out dated and in need of an update. The pool area was tiny and next to a road so you could hear alot of noise. It seemed to be full of ghetto style people with hoards of children. I'm sure anyone wanting to go with children would like this place as on the plus it has a theme park and circus acts, however for 2 adults alone it was a bit cheap and tacky too far out from the other hotels and attractions. I would not go back and anyone who has ever stayed has told me the same before and since. The price however is what attracts people.	
Mar 18 2009 	It really is a Circus	If you are a 21 year old guy with a group of friends ok, but otherwise this is probably not for you! At 11pm it took us 3 hours to check in and get the correct room (we sat in the hallway for 45 mins waiting to get in to a king room, because the first room was a full bed. We called the front and they said they would send someone up to unlock a different room and that person never showed up, we ended up walking a mile back to the desk). After our 3 hour fiasco, all we wanted was to eat and go to bed (we had dinner reservations at a Anthony and Vics in the Golden Nugget, but had to cancel them ( Anthony and Vics was amazing!!! When we got there a few nights later)) There was only the cafe open, it smelled bad and there were only 3 servers on and the place was packed. We should have gotten some chips from the market and went to bed! Needless to say we checked out the next morning and moved to the Las Vegas Hilton, (the remodeled rooms are very nice).I guess besides the POOR service, weird smell, HARD beds, Crazy weird hallway from the front desk to the rooms (seriously freaky, think scary clowns, loud screaming, and dark!), once we got to our rooms it was unusually quiet. Maybe that was because everyone was staying at other hotels and kept their rooms at Circus Circus to get their free theatre tickets (we never did check out because we needed our room key to get the free Circ tickets for Mystere at Treasure Island)Think Motel 6 on Meth!! With 10 million children running around, or I know it is Vegas, but it's 2am. Put your kids to BED!!!!	
Mar 18 2009 	Circus Circus is the worst	This by far is the worst hotel I have ever stayed at, a group of us came to bowl in a tournament at the Cashman center, I originally made reservations at the Flamingo, then I found out that the rest of the group was staying at Circus Circus, so I changed it in order to stay with the group, that was my first mistake, our room in the west tower had to be in the dingiest part of the hotel, after we unpacked we went to the buffet, terrible food, our table looked like it hasn't been cleaned all day, we never went back there again. One morning we came down the elevator, it malfunctioned (the floor was not even with the doors) I tripped walking out, wrenched my knee some, I spent the rest of the day limping around vegas. It took them virtually all day before they shut it down then there was only 1 or 2 that were working so it took forever to get on one, and the minute you got out you were ambushed by people trying to sell you a timeshare or some other bull crap they were everywhere in the hotel, I was ready to hang a sign around my neck saying no thank you as I was getting tired of saying it every 5 minutes.  The staff was anything but helpful, in one case they were down right rude to my husband and I, we needed to talk to one of the top manager and not 1 person was helpful, when we finally found one he already left for the day. Our stay there was a nightmare and I would never recommend it to anyone, pay the extra money for a better hotel or better yet, go down to the Freemont.	
Mar 17 2009 	Not impressed I'm afraid....	It was grubby and stank of stale cigarette smoke wherever you went. It was full of loud families and it wasn't suitable for us, I'm afraid. Rooms were a great size and so were bathrooms, however, that was about it.The real GEM was the FAMOUS STEAK HOUSE which is DEFINITELY worth a visit, in fact, don't go home without sampling the beautiful steaks! Very classy.	
Mar 17 2009 	Location Location Location!!	Stayed at this hotel in March 2008 for 5 nights. I was recommended the hotel by a friend who had stayed there, but was slighly worried it would be very childish as the theme is Clowns!! thankfully, i loved it!!The Rooms are massive and have 2 double beds and a flat screen TV with en-suite bathroom. Location: On the strip, near the end with the statosphere (which is a must do for the evening as you get AMAZING pictures!). It is a 5 min walk to the Fashion Show Mall, but to be advised the hotel that was next to Circus has been knocked down and they were starying to build another hotel, but this was a year ago so it may be nearly done by now as they seem to get the hotels done rather quickyl!!!The hotel has a buffet breakfast, which is amazing! They have cooked breakfasts, pancakes, potatoes, cakes..pretty much everything!! Its worth filling up on this in the morning so you set for most of the day and it was extremely cheap!! Otherwise they have a mcdonald around the corner of the hotel and also a mcdonalds in the hotel, but this was upstairs.... i didnt even realise it was there until a couple of days into our trip!!If you going to Las Vegas and just want a good value hotel (because lets face it, your only really sleeping in your room!) this is the hotel for you.	
Mar 15 2009 	Family friendly and good value.	This is the second time I have stayed here with my children. Make sure you request the West Tower. The rooms are MUCH nicer. We got an incredible deal at $34 per night. We got two rooms (connecting) that gave us all the room we needed and two bathrooms. The rooms are not super clean. We found some trash behind the dresser and under the chair, but you do get what you pay for. We stayed five nights and had a good experience. Valet parking is free and is a godsend as you could end up lugging your bags for a long time. My only complaints were that the rides and games are old and many were out of order. We lost countless quarters to games that did not work. I wish they would replace them or fix them. Two of the major rides in the adventure dome were not operational. The staff manning the rides really needed a cup of coffee or something. They all seemed bored to death and almost bothered to have to operate the ride. The Circus acts are amazing. My son loved them all. The large pool was not operational either. The little pool worked but the larger pool is better. All of the other staff we came into contact with were friendly except security. Our first night the fire alarm went off at 1am. We all got dressed and began to head out of our room when a security guard came by and barked at us to go back to our rooms as it was a false alarm. Everyone (kids) was pretty freaked out by the alarm and to have the guard yell at us like we were fools for leaving our rooms seemed pretty out of line. Last time I stayed here I had issues with security being rude. Seems they need some lessons in customer service. We had several excellent meals with great service at the Garden Grill. They have all you can eat Prime Rib for $12. The Krispy Kreme store and McDonalds are a great convenience. I am not a fan of the buffet for dinner but do like it for breakfast. For a good dinner take the Duece and go up the strip. Maggianos is a great choice.	
Mar 12 2009 	West tower rooms are a good weekday value	If you are looking for a budget room, this is for you. If you need good service and are willing to pay for it, there are much nicer places.Stay during the week and the rates are half. Wish I would have.We stayed in the West Tower room 83225. I thought the room was nice enough but the windows look like they haven't been washed in 20 years. Ruined the view.We waited to check in until almost 7:00 P.M. and didn't have a problem. Casino advertises $3 black-jack tables but I was never able to get a seat at one. They typically only have one $3 table and there are usually a half-dozen people like me waiting for a seat.It is probably about 3/4 mile to the next decent casino. A long way if you are a couch potato but not bad if the weather is nice. Take the bus if it is too far. We found Vegas vacation to be so much walking anyway that the extra mile or so didn't bother us.Public bathrooms do remind me of a high school locker room. Dirty, few and far between, and few stalls.The entertainment in this hotel (circus acts etc.) were better than the other hotels I thought. In fact, I can't hardly think of any other hotel that had (free) entertainment.If you are seeing vegas on a budget, stay in the west tower rooms. We didn't spend much time in the room anyway.If luxury is your gig and you can afford it, I recommend Ceasers, Venetian, Wynn, and Palazzo. They were absolutely beautiful.	
Mar 11 2009 	Great value!	Stayed at the Circus Circus from February 21st till the 28th. There is really nothing negative to write about this hotel. My friend and I got a really nice room in the West Tower, very clean and spacious. Location of Circus Circus is good. It's 15 minute walk to the newer hotels like The Venetian, The Bellagio etc . I would definitely recommend it to everybody!	
Mar 6 2009 	Nice rooms and good facilities but dirty laundry and unhelpful staff	Overall, this hotel is good value, the nicer rooms are worth the money and the tv, bathroom, bed, and other room facilities were satisfactory.Unfortunately I had to be shown four rooms before I could find a bed that wasn't stained with lipstick or a peculiar black mess (could be the result of bugs or insects). The final room also had a problem with the door that took two days to resolve.Apart from this I did enjoy my stay and would consider staying there again should I be doing Las Vegas on a budget, however hopefully a four or five star will be possible next time.Finally, the theme park was good fun and fairly cheap and the other amenities were perfect for an enjoyable, if not rather cheap, few days!	
Mar 5 2009 	stay away pay a little more	While we did not stay there, my boyfriend and I decided to walk through and we were going to eat there, But. the cleanliness or lack of, This place is nasty and stinks. It is the smell that hits you as you walk in and stays with you all day long. My boyfriend used the bathroom and said it looked like it hadn't been cleaned all day and was horrible. I cannot imagine letting a child run around this place, we felt so dirty we left right a way. The people that hang out there make you watch your back. Don't waste your time going there.	
Mar 5 2009 	pretty good hotel	i like circus circus , it was a friendly and live hotel	
Mar 4 2009 	Beware of thieves!!!	I stayed at this hotel for four nights. I had breakfast at the hotel when I went to get a cup of coffee. When I came back within a minute ,my shoulder bag ,containing my laptop and some books, vanished!! There were only six people in the dining area at the time, and none of them had moved from their seats and none had anyhing in their hands. Only people who were moving were the staff, who denied seeing anything. So, if you have breakfast, lunch or dinner, BEWARE OF THIEVES!!!	
Feb 28 2009 	worst palce we have ever stayed	We stayed here for nights in Feb and it was a nightmare fro beginning to end.As soon as we arrived we got and uneasy feel with lots of undesirables hanging about. check in is dark and slow. our first room was about 10 mins from reception if you got a lift straight away and this was very unlikely. We discovered that we had no running hot water!therefore unable to use shower. After waiting ages to get through to front desk on the phone we got moved to a different room on the 11th floor. Saftey deposit box didnt work in this room. after 20 mins trying to report this we were told someone would be right up.after a further 20 mins , another phone call we were told the it would take an hour for someone to come up.We ended up late for our show in the Mirage and had to take all our valuables with us.our room had 2 beds and the first bed we went to get into had soiled linen! In the morning we had to wait 30 mins for a lift. We were told that thios is a regular occurance as the lifts are always breaking down. The Casino smelt of a mixture of body odour vomit and smoke. Generally the hotel was run down and nobody cared.We felt generally uneasy and vunerable in this place.It is at the far end of the strip and you have to walk through an area where you feel like you are about to be mugged to get to the main strip. We would not recommend this hotel at any cost!	
Feb 28 2009 	Really really bad...	This was our second stay with Circus Circus  despite remembering not a great stay the time before, we thought this would be more kid friendly for our two young kids, as we were passing through. We were supposed to be in town for only a day, but our car had trouble, so we ended up staying longer than the one night we expected. We had so much stuff between the four of us, and with our car in the shop in a strange city, I thought moving to a better hotel would be more of a hassle than just toughing it out. VERY BAD - our non-smoking rooms reeked of cigarette smoke, and the shower curtain in one of the bathrooms was so heavily laden with smoke we had to remove it  when we did, we noticed heavy black mold under the shower curtain rings  the ceiling to the bathrooms had mold collecting and the showers were also full of black mold. The fan in the bathroom was broken. When we thought wed only be there one night, I thought it was something I could live with, but. The beds were worse than pull-out beds, with metal springs that poked through and hurt my knees and body  just awful. I had to layer blankets I brought from home on the beds, just to not hurt myself on the springs. There was the smell of vomit in the hallways, and the walls were so thin, we had to turn up our TV to drown out the people next door  when we turned up our TV to drown out the adjacent room and hallway sounds, security knocked on our door to tell us to turn down our TV! When we ordered pay movies, they would play for about ten minutes, and then the screen turned blue, and that was that. When I called the front desk to report it, we were told to turn the TV off and then try again. When the same thing happened, we ended up double charged for the movies. We were offered a credit for the movies over the phone, but the credit was not reflected on our bill. When I complained about that, the front desk insisted that engineering come to our room to verify the problem before giving credit, and I told them the night they said this to me that it was already too late at night and I was putting my family to bed  engineering came over anyway at almost midnight. When I complained that we didnt receive credit back for the movies that went blank, despite engineering at our door, I was asked who told me I would get a credit, and when I couldnt remember the name, was essentially accused of lying, and treated pretty badly. We had two adjoining rooms, and the hotel applies a $59 deposit to each room for incidentals. When we returned to our room at night after dinner, security was there and locked us out of one room, but not the other, saying we didnt have anymore credit left on one of the rooms because of the movies that were ordered and calls made, and we had to go to the lobby at 11 PM at night to put down another deposit, even thought the other room still had the full portion of unused credit, and we were never credited back for the movies that didnt work. When I said we never made calls, I was told they charged a mandatory fee per day for local calls, whether you make calls or not. The next morning, we spent over an hour being passed around to different people, trying to get the movie charges reversed and the problems rectified, and someone eventually, reluctantly gave in.The refrigerator froze our food. The internet is $10 for 15 minutes, and in a hole- in- the-wall room, with a really rude attendant. I went to use the internet there to try and find another place to stay, and a rental car, but after my 15 minutes were over, again thought the hassle of moving would do more harm than good, thinking we would only be there one more night and could get through it. When we needed to rent a car, the Dollar Car Rental at the hotel said they had one car left, which was tiny and with crank down windows, for which they charged us almost $100 per day, and told us there would be both an early return fee if we brought it back early as well as their late return fee! They said if there was any accident that we not only would be responsible for the repairs, but would also have to keep renting the car everyday until it was fixed. Luckily, I only keep that car one day with no accident, and then after using the internet for another $10-15 minutes, found another car from Enterprise  a real car  for $30 per day with no early return fee! When we found we had to stay longer until our car was repaired, the front desk wanted to jack up the price to almost double what we had originally paid  when I went to the supervisor, Manish, he was very nice and agreed to renew our stay at the originally quoted price  he was the only person at the hotel who seemed to care and was really nice  everyone else treated us like criminals. We ate at the buffet once  over $50 for lunch for a family of 4 - while some of the desserts were pretty good and the salad bar was fresh, most of the main dishes were really bad, and I spit out several things into my napkin because they were that awful. They did have a really nice area for the KOA campground folks next to the hotel, which I found while looking to do some laundry. The KOA campground facilities were better than the facilities for regular hotel guests!!! Although I never camped before, I was wishing I was there instead of the actual hotel. Even though the KOA facilities were nice, the laundry room left some of my clothes in worse condition than before I washed them, and I ended up rewashing by hand some of our clothes back at the room. While I am sure the room would be passable for a one night, no expectations stay, there were just too many issues and problems for me to ever recommend the hotel to others, or ever plan on returning again.	
Feb 27 2009 	Implode it soon! Disgusting.	While we did not stay there, my wife and I decided to walk through and play a while. I didn't have a problem with the kids like some talk about because it is a kid place. What I did have a problem with was the cleanliness or lack of. This place is nasty and stinks. It is the smell that hits you as you walk in and stays with you all day long. My wife used the bathroom and said it looked like it hadn't been cleaned all day and was horrible. I cannot imagine letting a child run around this place if the kids rides and etc are as filthy as the rest of the place.	
Feb 26 2009 	Mixed Review	My mum and I stayed at Circus Circus for a week during February 2009. After reading the reviews here on tripadvisor we were a little worried. The hotel reception is dark and always busy, people queuing to check in and out 24 / 7. The staff were helpful and friendly. We chose a manor room, which was great because you did not get any of the noise from the theme park below, but on the other hand it was a 5 minute walk from the entrance to the elevator then another long walk from there to the room. Not good if you can't walk much!!The room it's self was OK, nothing to write home about, was basic (TV, iron, haidryer) the safe in the room you had to pay for, two quaters each time you opened it!! Ours did not work, we did report it but nothing was done about it.The location is a little way off the strip, a pretty long walk to the mast of everything.The one thing it was near was Fashion Show Mall - great if your trip was for shopping. I wouldn't advise taxi's the cost a fortune $20 a ride one way!! Get a Duce bus ticket $7 for 24 hours of $15 for 3 days travel. They are clean and reliable and cheap!	
Feb 23 2009 	You get what you pay for...	My boyfriend and I stayed at Circus Circus for a week last March. It was okay...the rooms were nothing special, but it wasn't awful either. It worked for what we needed. Overall, we had no real problems while staying here, but we also didn't spend a lot of time at the hotel, since we mainly went to Vegas to visit friends and see the city. Just know that when it says that it's located in the &quot;heart of the strip&quot; that isn't completely accurate. At first, it's nice to walk around and take in the sights, but hopefully you aren't expecting to walk everywhere--it gets exhausting! If you are on a budget or traveling with kids, then you would probably have no complaints with Circus Circus. If you are looking for a 4 or 5 star hotel, this would definitely not be the place for you.	
Feb 22 2009	Circus Circus No More	Horrible check in line, told that they were not expecting such crowds (Saturday no crowds?) Went to room (10 minute walk, 2 elevators) Walked in room first thing is smashed cockroach on wall, and hair dryer and bracket broken off laying on counter. Sheets disgusting, indoor outdoor-like carpeting and a nice view of the roof air conditioning unit. Freight train sounding a/c unit by bed wakes you up all night. Children screaming in halls at 6 am. Disgusting stench of body odor and smoke in all areas of the casino. What did I expect for the price...what I got, next time I won't be such a cheap [--].	
Feb 22 2009 	Out of my 10+ trips to vegas this was the bottom of the barrel!	Held annual franchise convention with 100 guests .. check in was bad, it averaged 30 mins per couple. Service was the pitts, BAD food at the garden grill and BAD servers .. I had to get up to ask for drinks 7 times , after waiting 20 minutes from my inital request... food took an hour and half, managment handed out excuses. Place smelled bad! West tower room was much better than the rest of the rooms .. some couples had to move room 2x from bad rooms, not working, plumbing back up Etc. . Staff was not helpful ... ONLY GOOD PART OF THIS PLACE IS THE STEAK HOUSE.	
Feb 22 2009 	Outdated	Stayed here for 4 nights in Feb as part of our Virgin Holidays trip. If you're doing a similar thing its worth seeing if you can upgrade for the Vegas part. This hotel is a disappointment compared to the other hotels in Vegas. It needs to be updated as it doesn't seem to be cared for. The furnishings are tired and although it wasn't dirty it felt like it was. It is also quite far from the rest of the strip so be prepared to walk alot to get anywhere! There are far better hotels in Vegas so don't stay at Circus Circus.	
Feb 15 2009 	Nothing like the others in Vegas but worked for me just fine	My wife and I went to Las Vegas for our 5th wedding anniversary, which is Valentines Day. We went February 9 through the 13th because of it being cheaper than being there the weekend of Valentines Day.  We booked this trip on Orbitz and received a really great deal that included airfare and the hotel room at the Circus Circus. We arrived late on the 9th so there was very few people checking in. Our check in was very quick and easy. The man that did the check in for us was friendly and got us booked and to our room in approximately 5 minutes or so. I was very pleased with that after reading prior reviews that made it seem like the check in was a nightmare.  The hotel is old and somewhat tired and dirty in places. It definitely could use a lot of cleaning and work to bring it up to par with others in the area. The stores in the hotel are generic with very little selection and high prices. There is a McDonalds and Krispy Kreme Donut shop inside the hotel.  The room was in the west tower and we were on the 18th floor. The room was more than perfect, except there are few electrical outlets. This was a hassle because of several things that needed to be plugged in to be charges. Other than the outlet problem, I absolutely could not have been more pleased with the room. The bed was a king size and was oh so comfortable and nice. The TV was a flat screen that was on the wall. The room faced opposite of the strip and faced the adventure dome. Being on the 18th floor, we were above the dome and had a great view of snowy mountains. I loved the view so much and it was a highlight of the trip for me. It was really quiet in the room and in the hall. I only heard another person once the entire trip while in the room. The room and bathroom were extremely clean and had no problems at all. I was happy as could be. Check out was a breeze. It took me less than a couple of minutes to check out. If I ever visit Las Vegas again and I am on a tight budget, I will definitely consider staying at the Circus Circus again. However, one thing that may keep me from staying at this hotel again is the location. It is a pretty good walk to the middle of the strip and on the complete opposite end from the famous Las Vegas sign. We walked to the sign and back on the first day and it took a long time and really wore us out. I may would rather stay at a more centralized location to cut down on walk time.	
Feb 13 2009 	good value if you have or don't mind kids!	spotless very good value rooms nearer top end of strip so a bit of a walk to where it's at unless you stay on site. clientele rather annoying though lots of kids and teenagers running about. spend a bit more and stay somewhere far classier unless you have kids!	
Feb 10 2009 	We got scabies from this hotel!	This hotel should not be in business. I stayed there a couple years ago and every person in my room got scabies. In case you are not aware of what scabies is, here is a short description:Scabies is a contagious disorder of the skin caused by very small, wingless insects or mites called the Human Itch mite. The female insect burrows into the skin where she lays 1 - 3 eggs daily. If untreated, the female will continue to lay eggs for about five weeks. The eggs hatch and the new mites begin the cycle all over again. (http://www.safe2use.com/pests/scabies/scabies.htm)Basically it is a terrible itchy and ugly rash all over your body. Clearly the sanitation is this hotel is not even close to safe standards. I will never set foot in here again. We reported this case to the hotel and there was no reimbursement what so ever. Not to mention the people that gamble in the hotel are completely disgusting and perverted humans. I would never let my children stay at this hotel regardless of how cheap it is. There are other resorts on the strip that are more convenient and only slightly more expensive. Avoid Circus Circus at all costs.	
Feb 9 2009 	Great place to stay	We had read some bad reports but I wonder what some people expect. The price is very good and our spacious room was excellent and we had a wonderful view. If there was a fault it was that the carpets were pretty worn. The casino and the circus acts were all just an escalator ride away.Circus Circus is pretty central for all the other casinos. The staff were great but unfortunately for them and Las Vegas we did not go to gamble.The casino and the circus acts were all just an escalator ride away.	
Feb 5 2009 	Great for the price	Check-in can take some time. Booked a king room but the lady said right by the lift and really noisy so we took a queen room. Room average size, big bathroom. BEWARE lots of kids! The buffet is great here. (Don't get the rib steak buffet at the other restaurant. Its not what it seems) Fun place but was quite a walk from anywhere. Definately invest in a all day bus ticket($7) Other hotels looked a lot better and nicer but was happy with what we had. Probably stay somewhere nicer next time though. We were on a really tight budget but found plenty of things to do. Don't buy any night club tickets (some of the night clubs had them out for free eg Cyote ugly, the bank) Get there early if you want to go to any of the clubs, big lines. Fire alarm went off twice but lucky we were just walking out the front door to dinner each time!	
Feb 4 2009 	Have Fun At The Circus!	So we wanted to stay at a hotel that was a fairly decent price and we thought it would be fun to stay at Cirus Circus not really thinking we are 4 adults staying at a place where there are lots and lots and lots of children. As much as I love kids it would have been nice to stay somewhere that was more for adults, but we didnt really think about that now did we!?!?! LOL. Otherwise the hotel was great, the adventure done is actually pretty cool but can get expensive. It is also way better to buy things on the little shops on the strip or go to the outlet stores and not buy things at your hotel since it is quite expensive but if money isnt an object then go hard and have fun! Make sure to make a trip to Fremont Street!!! so amazing. The 'Duece' is ok to ride on just stay more towards the front or the upper level.DEFINATELY carry some hand sanatizer when your walking the strip you never know who has thouched the hand rails or other things and there isnt always somewhere to wash your hands. If someone asks you if you want 'free show tickets' just give them a thumbs up unless you want to be heckled into a 2 hour presentation for a time share......they ask anyone and everyone on the strip and at almost every hotel. We thought we were getting a deal and all this stuff but they didnt actually tell us it was for a time share and they had us pay them $40 to save a us a seat and we would get our money back and we did and wwe also did get our free tickets for shows but it was NOT worth it.Otherwise Vegas is a BLAST!	
Feb 1 2009 	Highly Recommend for Families	Our party of 8 stayed and Circus Circus for a total of 4 nights and were more than happy with the level of service and rooms. Though the Hotel itself perhaps requires modernisation, cleanliness and location were perfect. This hotel was the best Value for Money on our one month holiday to the USA.	
Feb 1 2009 	Good Value for money dont be dishearted by the reviews!	After reading the reviews we were nervous to say the least about our stay at the Circus Circus!. On arrival the check lines are enormous and the reception area is rather rowdy hence I wouldnt recommend staying in this hotel in peak periods, The rooms are clean and basic and ideal for a short break. The hotels location is great much better than many of its counterparts The Luxor, madalay bay. If you want to explore Vegas and spend your money going out the circus circus is a fine choice. Of course it is dated and many of the clientele may be a bit rough round the edges but if you dont want to spend Bellagio money on a 5 star the Circus Circus is a good option.	
Jan 31 2009 	fun hotel!	Recently stayed in the Circus Circus hotel and casino in Las Vegas. It was OK. the rooms were fine, very basic but were clean. The hotel facilites were good, there was an indoor theme park, the rides were better for children. There was a few restaurants and shops inside aswell as the casino which was pretty big! Not as luxurious as some of the hotels we visited in Vegas but adequate. The one problem I found was that it was slightly out the way. I travelled with another girl and we found that late at night it wasnt very nice to walk that end of the strip. All in all I would say that the hotel is a lot better for children. A lot of entertainment if you have children. Fairly good value for money. Not too bad if u like walking. Takes about 20mins to walk up to the main part of the strip!	
Jan 28 2009 	Loved it!	My husband and I stayed here as our last destination on our honeymoon. We had a pretty good time. The hotel was pretty big. We ate at their steak house, the food was good but our waiter was rather rude. All other staff we encountered here were very friendly! Our room had 2 queens but that was alright. It had semi-easy access to the Duce (the bus line). When I lost my purse in a cab.. one of their staff members was VERY helpful in helping me find a way to track them down. I would definitely stay here again!	
Jan 27 2009 	Great Deal !	I planned a 3 day weekend trip to Las Vegas and decided to book / stay with Circus Circus. I booked my reservation on their own website and found quite a deal. I booked my stay to check in on 1/23/09 and to check out on 1/25/09. The rate was about 48.00 per night. Whenever I go to Vegas I always look for an in-expensive room rate simply because i hardly spend any time in the room. I like the online reservation system, plus this hotel only asks for the 1st nights room rate to book. When I arrived at Circus Circus I could tell the building was quite old and run down, I parked my car in the parking garage and it was very old, dirty and run down looking. However I could not complain about that simply because I was not paying 5 star hotel rates. I arrived at the hotel about 1:00 and the hotel check in process was a bit slow, there was a long line and only 3 employee's at the front desk. Once I reached the counter the clerk was very friendly. (just as fyi they bill an extra 50.00 once you check in as a security deposit, which they did'nt tell me about, I found out after the fact) I was placed on the 20th floor of the skyrise tower. Circus Circus has a total of about 4 different towers (I dont know how the other towers are) The room was quite a walk from the front desk. When I got to my room I must say for the price that I paid, I was quite impressed, the room was very clean and modern and was not (aged) looking at all. The bathroom was roomy and modern and had plenty of hot water, soap, towels, lotion, and shampoo. The bed was comfortable, and the window had a nice view of the strip. My only complain about the room was the tv, it only gets a few channels, and has poor quality. Be careful with the remote control and dont order any movies by accident, I did and had to pay 21.99 for it and they refused to waive it. As for room service, it is not 24 hours, the room service / food options during late night early mornings is not available. This is a great place for a family getaway, they have an amazing theme park, and nice promenade with stores, shops, etc. and even McDonalds for a quick bite to eat. As for the check out process, I checked out via the television set, which is much better than waiting in line. I would stay here again if the price is right.	
Jan 26 2009 	Worst hotel in Vegas	For this year's family vacation, we decided a trip to Las Vegas would be a fun and exciting experience. For the kids, Circus Circus seemed like the best hotel, including an indoor amusement park and arcade. Little did we know, most of the machines in the arcade were broken or run down and the theme park had several of its &quot;premium&quot; rides closed down...how convenient. Also, on the sign of the Adventuredome, the hours were as followed: Friday and Saturday: 11am - midnight...but after buying an all day pass, we came back at 11pm to find it closed for the night. The rooms were decent, but internet is $11.99 a day, PER device which they failed to mention at check-in. After arguing with a supervisor, we had the $36.00 charge removed. It is fair to say that this hotel is run down, broken and ready to close and I would not recommend staying here, even with a family of kids. There are much better places to stay in Vegas that will not ruin your experience!	
Jan 26 2009 	Fine for a short stay	My sister, brother and I spent 7 weeks travelling across America together, we had been staying in hostels for the past couple of weeks and this was considered a luxury for us so our expectations were low. The room was relatively clean and spacious and the beds were comfortable. There were circus acts performing in the hotel which lost its appeal quite quickly. This would probably entertain families with young children. Overall, it wasnt a terrible hotel but looking back it probably would have been nicer to have stayed in a hotel more central to the strip.	
Jan 18 2009	Gross and nasty casino/circus but rooms are fine	Let me begin to state that this hotel has charges an extremely low price - I doubt most people pay more than $50 per night. That price is basically the price of the Comfort Inn/Motel 6 outside of Las Vegas. So if you book this hotel, don't expect luxury or contemporary decors, so definitely lower your expectations, because after all, they are charging Motel prices. However, from what I understand, the best rooms are the West Tower rooms, as the are renovated. The worst are the Manors. The in-betweens are the Tower Wing and the Skyrise Wing. I stayed at the Skyrise Wing.The casino area:However, the worst part of the hotel is the extremely nasty, dirty, and disgusting casino/gaming area. The air smells like [-], dirt, fried chicken.. just anything you can name. Air conditioning is lacking, and there are smokers everywhere. Carpets are old and dirty. Headroom is low, and just is not a good experience.Anyways, onto pros and consPros- Extremely low prices!! This is a +++- Beds are quite comfortable- Large showers- Decent service/attitude- Great views- Abundant elevatorsCons- Kind of away from the strip: it is 10 minutes walk from Wynn, which is the tip of the strip, and 20 minutes walk from Venetian, which is probably the center/center-north of the strip- Disgusting air quality at the casino/gaming area- Overall furnishings are old- Air conditioning in room is very loud- Dirty carpets- Very low headroom, felt cramped- Adventuredome was quite small- Just general small things, like some pictures in hallways falling off, or dents in electrical circuits- Small TVAlso, I feel that since most people who stay here are tourists, they are going to visit hotels such as Venetian or MGM Grand. Then, after walking through these ultra-luxurious 5-star hotel and having set a high expectation, and going back to Circus Circus at night.. it is just difficult to get used to. Circus Circus might have been good elsewhere, but in Las Vegas where everywhere is so beautiful/stunning, it is just very difficult to get used to. I would compare this hotel to a Holiday Inn/Holiday Inn Express. Overall, I would not recommend tourists to stay here. If you are just looking for a clean bed and room at cheap prices, then the hotel is for you. Otherwise, pay more and stay somewhere else. Vegas hotels are plentiful and are quite cheap.	
Jan 16 2009	Sooo bad...it made me wanna cirCUSS	My husband and I booked a two night stay at Circus Circus, thinking it would look like what we had seen online and on tv commercials. I have to say that I have never, in my life, been to such a disgusting facility. The carpet was filthy, the room smelled like smoke and the tables and bed looked as if they had been chewed up (probably by one of the circus animals). Not to mention the fact that we had to walk outside of the main hotel, across the street (over the river and through the woods) to even get to our room. When my husband, calmly called and spoke to one of the front desk workers, he was told that there was nothing they could do about the room except have someone come and spray it. I was livid!!! I asked them how they could so easily take money from people and put them in these types of rooms? Even if they had given me the room for free, this room would still be totally unacceptable. We contacted the online service through which we booked the room and had them call the front desk. The &quot;hotel&quot; (if that's what you want to call it) moved us to another room in a different building (still not in the main hotel, mind you) which was even worse than the first one. Once we were told we would receive our money back, we decided the best thing to do would be to book another room somewhere else.We found a great room at an even greater price at the Riviera Hotel right across the street. The room was big, clean, the service was great and we didn't even have to spray air freshener!!!	
Jan 14 2009 	Not worth the money!	I was really disappointed, totally rundown place which had its best time approxemitally 25 years ago. Ok, it was relatively cheap, but the next time I would spend some more money to stay in a better place. It's to far away from major casinos, you have either to walk (~20 min.) or take the car everytime you want to see some fun places. The casion is absolutely not comparable with modern casinos, haven't eaten there but would not do it after I saw the restaurants.	
Jan 13 2009	Circus Circus a dump with a big top	Late last year I went to the USA &amp; was told to stay while in Vegas at Circus Circus as it was good for kids.The rooms were not what we saw in the brochure with ripped/stains bed sheet &amp; carpet. It was a real hole &amp; ruined that part of our trip	
Jan 6 2009 	Get What You Pay For	Wanted to spend three days with our kids (ages 4 and 8) in a fun location, and thought of Circus Circus. Having never stayed there before, we were excited for the kids. The Adventuredome, the Midway and the circus acts all seemed like great entertainment for them. The hotel rate was very cheap (little did I know) so I thought we had all of the makings of a perfect fun family getaway.Upon arrival, the driveway area in front of the hotel was a disaster with people, cars and luggage everywhere. There was nobody from the hotel making any effort to keep a flow of traffic, direct cars, anything! After a nearly one hour wait in line to check-in (the lobby was full, and I mean full, of kids and luggage strewn everywhere ... imagine hundreds of families all trying to check-in at once ... where are they all supposed to wait? I literally felt as if I was in a crowded downtown bus station in the middle of a large, metropolitan city), we didn't get a lower floor as we had requested. Even though the reservation was flagged with this note, we got stuck on the 10th floor. Our room was supposed to be a non-smoking room. Even though I guess it technically was (I was told that it was, despite no signage to indicate such), there were cigarette burns on the carpet and edges of the desk. The room smelled horribly of smoke. To move to another room, we would have had to have gone to a much higher floor, so we opted to have housekeeping come and spray the room with deodorizer. When we opened the curtains to look out, the outside of the window was so dirty that we could hardly see anything, near or far.The biggest thing I noticed about the hotel, casino area and men's restrooms was how dirty everything was and all of the trash and debris that was strewn about. There were empty beer bottles, food bags, food remnants, cups and glasses laying everywhere. Trash cans were overflowing, people were throwing their trash on the floor because they couldn't stuff it in the cans, there was garbage stuffed behind gaming machines in the casino area, and the circus seating area was disgusting. I went there to see a performance with my kids and literally stepped in a puddle of beer while wiping ketchup off of the seats! The whole seating area was like this.And the worst part was that it looked like this upon our arrival on Thursday at 2:00pm, and STILL looked this way when we left on Saturday at 3:00pm.Our room service tray, which we received Friday morning at 9:00am, was still in the room Friday evening when we returned, so I set it out in the hallway outside our room. When we left Saturday at 3:00pm, IT WAS STILL THERE!Also, the room service selection is terrible. You can only get real food (breakfast, sandwiches, steaks, desserts) from 6:00am until 12:00 noon (six hours). From 12:00 noon until 6:00am the next morning (eighteen hours), you can only get pizzas from the Pizzeria for room service.Finally, for a hotel that attracts and caters to kids and families, there are no kids channels on the television. No Disney Channel, no Nickelodeon, no Cartoon Network, NOTHING! So if you have kids and plan to spend a little time in the room, don't count on any TV to keep them occupied.The only positive aspect of Circus Circus is the Adventuredome, a five-acre indoor amusement park with rides, games and a huge arcade. It was the main reason we came to Las Vegas and stayed at the Circus Circus.My recommendation: Avoid Circus Circus at all costs. Stay somewhere else and drive to the Adventuredome - you don't have to be a guest to use it and you don't even get a discount for staying there!	
Jan 6 2009	You get what you pay for	We were getting into Vegas late night, so we basically needed a place to sleep. For $31/night, the Circus Circus provided us a place to sleep. Since we paid hardly anything, I think they gave us one of the older rooms. The room was basically motel quality and quite outdated. There was no iron and the blow dryer didn't work. The bathroom paint was chipping. But for the price, I can't complain.	
Jan 5 2009	worst hotel we have ever been to	Avoid this place at all costs.!!!! We are a family of 4 and we stayed here for 5 days at the end of Dec. The service......what service. Asked for extra pillow and after 4 calls and 3 hours later we got it. Next day we waited 25 mins to get an elevator from the 25th floor to the lobby. We gave up and had to go down the stairs as we had people waiting for us in a cab. That same day after being out for 12 hours came back to the room not being made up and no new towels. Not once in all the days we stayed there did we get the 4 towels we needed any day we stayed. We seemed to spend every night ringing up for towels that took hours to get there. Talked to the shift manger and he didnt seem to even think we had a problem. We will never be going back. All the reno and the money spent doesnt help if the service is horrible. A few people we spoke to at the hotel also had horrible experiences.If you do stay there at least you have been warned.	
Jan 2 2009 	Worst Experience of my life	We just returned from our very first trip to Las Vegas and we stayed at the Circus Circus. I can honestly say this was the worse motel I have ever been in. At check in it took 2 hours to get our room and then they demoted us to a smoking room and when we got to our room there was someone in the room! After standing in line another 2 hours they gave us a small room and then made us move the next day. The food was horrible and the atmosphere was ridiculous. The location is far from anything. This is by far the worse motel I have ever seen. Highly recommend NOT GOING!	
Jan 1 2009 	Travel Agents View	I have just returned from my second visit to Circus Circus. We travelled on 24.12 for 7nights.Firstly, its worth remembering that there are several blocks to Circus Circus, and the Manor Rooms as I understand, are the rooms with the issues. We stayed in the Sky Towers, in room 15748, and it was great.Remember, you are not pay top price, and therefore will not get luxury 5* accommodation and facilities - what you will get is value for money and a great base. The rooms are large, clean, and you can request on check in, twin or king beds, smoking or non smoking floor. The decor is a bit bright, stripped curtains, purple or green (clean) carpet, flowery bed spread, white clean sheets and towels. Bathrooms are a good size, and there is plenty of hot water. I do feel that we got value for money, and would return again in the future if the price is right.The hotel is popular with families, however, if you leave the hotel by 10am you miss a lot of the queues, as the indoor fair ground rides open then and it does get busy ect.When you check in, you are charged $1 per day, this is for local unlimited calls from your room ect - check with the operator about free phone numbers, as some hotels block these numbers.The safe in the room is 50c, a time, you need 2 x 25c to lock the safe each time. Would always recommend using a safe for your passports ect. Buffet, is $10.40pp ++ its ok, not fantastic, and there are better breakfasts particular on the strip (never went in for lunch or dinner so cannot comment!). Monte Carlo and Planet Hollywood are my personal favourites for breakfast, and really set you up for the day!The Garden Grill in Circus, is really good. My husband enjoys the Filet Sliders, and I enjoy the Nachos - the portions in the US are huge, so order wisely. If your not sure, just order one course, and take it from there.I really like PF Chang the Chinese restaurant at Planet Hollywood, it is really busy no matter what time of day or night you go, but its worth the wait. Also, Outback SteakHouse is very good, also does excellent pasta. Tony Roma's - have the Shrimp &amp; Scampi pasta - fantastic!It was busy in Las Vegas, and cold at night, normal temperatures for the time of year. Wrap up warm and walk the strip and you are warm before you know it.The Deuce bus runs 24hours a day up and down the strip, it does get busy, and does not run to time due to the amount of traffic, especially at peak times. The fare is $2 per ride, or $5 for 24 hours, you can also use local buses with these card. We visited the huge shopping area on Sunset, as there are a couple of craft shops there, it was great, as you went through some residential areas as well small malls ect. Bus drivers are really ehelpful, if you are unsure of your stop, and at the main Deuce Terminal at SST they will right down the buses and the stops you need - so much better than the UK!!!If you are getting a taxi from / to the airport make sure you tell the driver to take Paradise Road and Industrial Road not the freeway or the strip, as it will cost a fortune. The cost should be no more than $20-$25, and if you are being charged a lot more on arrival, then say that you want to contact the taxi authority. If you are being overcharged, they will reduce their fare immediately, as if they are found to have taken a longer route than necessary they can get fined themselves upto $150.We struck lucky, as we went out on the Thomas Cook Charter, we did not pre-book transfers, and spoke with the rep on arrival, as they were going to our hotel, they charged us $5 each one way. ($10 for return, though the pick up time was too early for us!).We dropped off at 3 hotels before reaching ours, and some were off the strip, which for me was great to see, as would not have got to see these hotels.If you would like more info on places to eat and other hotels on the strip - as got to visit many, then do feel free to contact me.Best regardsAlison	
Dec 30 2008 	It is a circus but a dirty one	Had heard about this hotel from some Canadian friends who stayed there in their RV. Thought if we were going to vegas we would stay somewhere typical. The hotel has a very shabby feel, the carpets need a good clean the elevators are grubby and not up to the volume of guests. I was in the queue for check in for over 45 mins. We were towards the end of a tour around California and had stayed in 4 hotels before this one and the room was by far the dirtiest with the least facilities. No coffee, no fridge and no microwave. I checked under the bed for lost socks when we left and it was filthy. We stayed 3 nights, my husband picked up a nasty stomach bug and I was covered in bites. OK it was cheap for Vegas but you would be better off finding somewhere else.	
Dec 27 2008 	give the circus a miss	Very old decore &amp; facilities; small room; not very helpful staff; we were charged $1 for each call we made to hotel Housekeeping (for extra pillows &amp; to get the safe opened from the last guests who left it locked etc ); the buffet was the best part of our stay here. The lifts are old and werent functioning properly; half of the hotel &amp; lifts were shut down due to the low number of guests. Considering the quality of other casino/ hotel resorts in LV, Circus Circus is the poor cousin. There are plenty of other more beautiful places to stay and with the down turn in the USA economy, they are priced right as well.	
Dec 26 2008 	Decent experiences ... no complaints.	We wanted a quick, cheap getaway to Las Vegas and ended up booking our accommodations at Circus Circus for $200 CAD ($160 USD) for 5 nights. I was a little apprehensive after reading some of the negative reviews, but the price simply could not be beat!When we got there, check-in was relatively painless. We did have to wait for a while, even though the line was short. This seems to be typical of Circus Circus  the Front Desk never seems to have enough people on duty, and although they are quite friendly and pleasant, they are definitely slow. We also had to pay $1 per day for (unlimited) local calls, which was fine as we did not want to use our cell phones and incur roaming charges. We were given a non-smoking room in the Skyrise Tower. The decor was borderline garish and definitely dated, but the room itself was clean and relatively spacious. Cant say anything better or worse than that. Never had to wait too long for the elevators, and housekeeping was reasonable (they brought us extra pillows superquick when we asked). Given the price we paid, we really werent expecting much. As far as location goes, its a little far north on the Strip. If you have the time and the inclination, you could definitely walk to the other hotels (e.g., Mirage, Bellagio) to see the attractions. It is a bit of a trek (its about 4 miles between Circus Circus and Mandalay Bay, which is the southern-most hotel). A better alternative is to take the Deuce, a double-decker bus that runs up and down the Strip. You can get a 24 hour pass for $5 USD. It comes quite frequently and has numerous stops. The Deuce made it very easy to get around the Strip, and also goes to Fremont Street. If you like shopping, the Fashion Show mall is minutes away from Circus Circus. Lots of shops, and eats, but is a little pricey. If youre looking for cheap show tickets, there is a  Price ticket booth in the Food Court. Alternatively, there are some shops beside the Riviera Hotel, e.g. Ross, which has great clothes for less (like a cheaper version of T.J. Maxx or Winners).The last couple of nights, we upgraded to a West Tower Room. They wanted $20/night extra, which was contrary to what the Front Desk staff has told us when we first checked in (she said it was $10/night), but ended up honouring the lower price. The West Tower Rooms are gorgeous ... decor was more modern (and has a flat screen TV), and the room definitely felt newer. Overall, a fairly decent stay. The only negative thing I have to report is the faint smell of booze, cigarettes and/or vomit when you walk through the common areas (e.g., Casino). A turn-off, but we really didnt spend that much time at the hotel. Next time though, I think Id prefer to shell out a little more money and stay in a more central location. But if youre on a budget, its quite satisfactory. Just dont expect too much ... the Bellagio it aint!	
Dec 20 2008 	Circus Circus: "there's a circus inside"	I don't really have anything extraordinary to say about circus circus other than 'there's a circus inside'. The room was clean and averaged sized. I woke up one morning to a family in the next room screaming at each other to get their stuff packed...and anytime a door slammed in the hallway I thought the art work was going to fall off the wall on my head.The decor was outdated and the giant clown out front looked like he'd been disected in a cruel game of 'Operation' as you could see the inside workings of what should have been a giant light-up sign.Good location to get to the rest of the middle of the strip on foot and located near some places to get cheap eats. Overall probably a better place for families until they tear the place down.	
Dec 19 2008 	The ups and downs of Circus Circus	The negatives: 1. Hidden charge: Each room is charged $1 per day for phone use (if its used or not, doesnt matter, still $1 a day).2. The rep at the Dollar rental desk at the lobby was very unhelpful. Unfortunately, I did not catch his name. ...He seemed as if I awoke him from a nap. He told me the lowest price he could offer for an economy car was $39.99 a day. He said that my Dollar car coupon would not help me, nor would he accept a AAA discount. He was not at all interested in making business or helping me out. The truth is, if he was friendly and nice to me, I probably would have just forked over the $80 plus tax and rented a car for the two days that I needed it. Lucky for me, I made a smart move by leaving, walking down the street to Budget at the Stratosphere and rented a car for $23 a day. 3. Second hand smoke all over the place.The positives: 1. Nice and cheap family oriented hotel with a lot of people having fun and enjoying their trips. 2. Hotel had some friendly staff.	
Dec 17 2008 	What you pay for is what you get	I have been to vegas before and love the place it has always been my ambition to return with my wife and family.I contacted my travel agent who books all our holidays and he recommended circus circus not for luxury not for glamour for the simple reason the price and childrenThe rooms are clean and spacious we stayed in the tower the beds were changed every day and the room cleaned we had our two teenage children and my eldest son had the next room with his wife and three year old.The children loved the place plenty to do loads of other kids around probally more than normal as we were there during thanksgiving.Vegas is not for kids but circus circus is at the end of the day its cheap if you want champagne at beer prices dont bother.Some people who have left comments seem to think there staying at a 5 star hotel if you have kids its great if you are on a budget its great when I visit next time with just my wife I would not stay here but it suited our needs and we were very happy because we were only expecting what we paid for and we got good value for moneyFantastic steakhouse good breakfast buffet and plenty of entertainment for the kids.As I have said 5 star it aint but the rooms are clean if you just want a cheap place to sleep or keep your kids occupied perfect if you want to pay peanuts and rip the place to pieces easy.All I can say is we got more than we expected for the price we paid.	
Dec 17 2008 	brillant hotel	stayed at circus circus hotel for 4 nights had a brillant stay, there is so much going on in the hotel u would never have to leave. the rooms were clean and spacious, resturants were lovely. i loved everthing about this hotel. i would go back again.	
Dec 15 2008 	West Towers Rock!	We booked the Circus Circus West Towers directly through their website on an early bird special in Aug for stay from Dec. 8-12. We specifically requested a West Tower room as per previous reviews...we were not disappointed!!! The rooms were clean, spacious, and extremely comfortable. Elevators were fast, never had a wait at all. We had rented a car so we didn't plan to gamble at Circus Circus the majority of the time. Bottom line, the room served it's purpose and we definitely plan on stay here again.	
Dec 11 2008 	Incredible Value - Fantastic Room!!	After doing some research I found a great rate for Circus Circus with the 3rd night for free. I had read that the Tower rooms were nicer than the Manor rooms and Wow!! This would have to be the nicest room I have stayed in a long time. The room was massive and the bed was great. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. Even though the location is not as central as other hotels the bus that travels along the strip was a very short walk. Great for anyone on a budget!!	
Dec 9 2008 	Rude at Check in	I stayed there for my Wedding night in one of there Jacuzzi suites. The room was fabulous. No problems there. At check in the Shift Manager was very rude and just seemed like she hated her job. She was not once nice or said anything nice. She was very rude. But they did get us checked in after a 15-20 min wait in line. The room had a great view, the bed was very comfortable, had a fridge nice new t.v. Oh and a few of the jets didn't work in the hot tub.	
Dec 8 2008 	Not Bad For the Money	My wife and I stayed at Circus Circus for 4 nights as I was in Las Vegas for business. This was our first trip to Vegas so we really didnt know any better regarding where to stay. I booked it mostly because it was a good price and was close to the convention center. The theme is very dated and the hotel shows it is behind the times. Although there were not many children around it does seem to cater to family, so if you go during the peak season expect kids running around. Overall the hotel room was very clean and staff was very nice. After talking with the person at check in and explaining this was our first time we were given a complimentary upgrade. It sounded good at the time but who knows if it really was an upgrade. My only complaint was the elevators often were out of order. On a little more disturbing note we did witness some negotiations for some personal services. At first it seemed 2 middle aged men were giving 2 women a hard time. It was hard not to notice as the men were very persistent and would not leave the women alone. It then hit us as to what was going on as they all got up and left the area. So perhaps the slow economy at the hotel allowed a little relaxed security on personal services.	
Dec 5 2008 	Great for the price	Nice rooms for the price, lovely buffets and friendly service. While in Las Vegas we really don't spend the whole day sitting in a hotel room. Circus Circus is fine for active people who want to experience the city and see the sights. Our room was clean, nicely decorated and very large. The bus for $5.00 a day umlimited use connects all the Strip hotels - so the location is no problem.	
Dec 4 2008 	Some Good Mostly Awful	We decided to meet up with extended family, each of us with a child under 2, in Vegas for Thanksgiving. We all decided to stay at CC due to a good package deal we found. All of us stayed in four separate Tower rooms that were one floor away from eachother.First, the awful:The main problem... the ELEVATORS! Ugh, it was so frustrating to get to our rooms or downstairs when half of them (not exaggerating) were broken. Several times we had to fold up our stroller and carry it and our baby up or down 7 flights of dumpy emergency stairwells. We were in the newer, nicer wing of the hotel, too!When we all decided to go to their pool with the babies, getting there and back was like being lost in Wonderland with Alice (the dark version, not the cute cartoon version). Before we got into an elevator in their manor-wing (the old dumpy wing), a staff member informed us that half of those elevators were broken, too. He also said that Fire Rescue had to come and save some kids that were trapped in one earlier that day! The heated pool was too cold, and their large jacuzzi was lukwarm, good for the babies. But it was so salty, I dont even want to think about how much pee was in there. There was a bar but it was closed. Alcohol would have helped the situation!On the way back, only two of those elevators were now working!! There was never any room in any of the elevators (think of canned sardines), stuffed full of impatient people (just like the wing by our rooms). So once again we went down yet another emergency stairwell, only to find that it takes you completely outside the hotel, and you have to walk all the way around thier parking garage to get back to the main lobby elevators. Which is really &quot;fun&quot; when you're all wet from the pool. UGHHH.The tile floors by all the elevators, and inside them were always sticky disgusting. I dont think that in the four days we stayed that anyone swept or mopped those dirty floors. Gross.Don't eat at Mexitalia Express unless you want a sore stomach after waiting 45 mintues for your &quot;fast&quot; overpriced yucky food. You're better off going to the McDonalds inside CC or getting a $2.99 JUMBO hot dog from their snack bar.The casino advertises $3 blackjack tables. Plural. Weds night, there was ONE $3 table, packed full all night. The next two nights, there were zero $3 tables. So we played the $5's instead.There was a pipe problem going on in our bathroom. Off and on, sometimes for hours, we would be treated to a loud whiiiiiiiiiiine from the creaking pipes that you even can hear from outside our room. Our neighbors were like, &quot;What is that noise?&quot;Which reminds me of the VERY thin walls. Combine that with hyper kids up past their bedtime that this hotel is full of, BAD thing for your sleep habits.The good:The drink service at the video poker bars is very good. The bartenders only comp wells and beers, and maybe wine, so don't expect a Crown n Coke for free. Just tip a buck or so after each free drink and you get a quick refill every time. The buffet was worth the price, although we liked the breakfast buffet much better than the dinner buffet. They both had a moderate selection. The Steak House was impeccably delicious, but was very expensive. The chef overcooked my $38 petite filet mignon, so I sent it back, and they were very polite about getting me a nice big steak that was done perfectly! Maid service was great. We had rented a crib for our baby, and they even made it up all cute by tucking in her doll under the covers. They mopped the bathroom floors! When I requested extra pillows over the over the phone, they were brought promptly. I feel bad because I realized after we checked out that we forgot to tip them! A few hints:I won't stay here again. I would rather pay $50 per night and stay in a nice hotel. Or even pay the same price and stay in the roach motel that is next door to CC. Its a one-story, without elevators! A few tips if you still want to brave this hotel:I recommend packing some snacks and a cooler with drinks and sandwich fixings for you and your family, and even bringing instant coffee, and some styrofoam cups. There is no coffee maker, microwave, or fridge in the room. Having a cooler was nice for us so we could give the babies milk when they needed it. The tap water is semi-bearable to drink, and gets hot really fast.If you dont have a stroller, then take the stairs, it will save you alot of waiting time....even if you have to walk all the way around the outside of Circus Circus!	
Dec 2 2008 	Expensive Youth Hostel	My fiance and two of my family members stayed three days over thanksgiving at the Circus Circus. We booked the 4 Queens before and switched to the CC, when they offered a &quot;pay 2 nights and stay 3&quot;. That way it was pretty cheap (230 Euros for two tower rooms overall). We stayed at the Stratosphere the night before and this was clean and good (review follows). The Circus Circus was neither good nor clean.When we first wanted to check in (4 pm) there was a line of about 100 people. So we turned and came back around 7:30 pm. It was way better now - only about 6 people queuing. Nevertheless it took about ten minutes until it was our turn. The receptionist was friendly, but he didn't know, if any shops are open on Thanksgiving, and he charged us 2 $ for each room. He explained, that this would be for local calls; we told him, that we have cell phones and wouldn't call from our room. Didn't have any effect.Our room was on the 19th floor. From the parking garage (full of honking cars during the whole day) we had to take the elevator one floor down, walk through the crowd in their shopping mile about 100m to another set of elevators. There are four elevators going to our floor, but half of them were out of duty for two days. To make things worse, there are two elevators in front of them, which serve the lower floors. Usually there was a crowd waiting for the first elevators and you couldn't get through to the elevators behind (which we needed). I went to my room to get my laptop and left after about 10 seconds. Nevertheless it took me over ten minutes to get to our car. I heard elevators passing my floor, but never stopping.Our room was the next unpleasant surprise: All lamps and the alarm clock were unplugged, which wouldn't be a problem normally. To plug the clock we had to pull the bed about 50cm from the wall; unfortunately we saw now, that the space there wasn't cleaned for as many years as the hotel is old. Good thing we didn't eat before checking in. Next to the curtains we found a bottle of nail polish, which survived the &quot;cleaning&quot; after the residents before moved out.On our floor we had some youth football team (there was some championship going on in town), who held their meetings and apparently their practise (running and jumping) in the hallway. No chance for some quiet time and even walking to the elevators was an enormous task. The rest of the hotel was full with aforementioned youth football teams and tons of families with lots of children. No one looked friendly and most of them seemed to imitate street gangs. As a surplus the casino smelled from cigarettes, cheap booze and in some corners urine; although we came home twice around 5 am we never saw someone cleaning outside the rooms. One elevator had a vomit-smell for three straight days. I guess i covered it all now.This was my fourth trip to Las Vegas and by far the worst hotel; even the now destroyed Stardust was way better. Our opinion: &quot;Please, please tear down this casino next. Even an empty hole in this spot is better than this.&quot;	
Dec 1 2008 	Worst customer service look for some other place	Booked a room with 2 double beds and non-smoking like more than a month ago, and when we landed there, after waiting for 2 hours in the line to complete the checkin, the person at front desk says that they don't have a room with double beds, even though I had a confirmation.I believe the confirmation only states that I have a booking and I need to accept whatever room they provide. Ridiculous.. When mentioned that this type of approach will make them loose customers, the response from her &amp; her supervisor, both were &quot;That's fine&quot;.The rooms are way too old, carpets were full of spots with a weird smell in the room.This place is not for adults.. find something else more towards the center of the strip. The folks in circus circus have to go through a course in customer service 101.	
Nov 27 2008 	Good Budget Base	This hotel has been slated in the forums ....when I asked for peoples thoughts on this hotel I was laughed at and told to cancel my trip!!!! CRAZY!!!This is a large clean well equiped Hotel ....its not the newest or glitziest ....but for a good budget base on the strip you cant go wrong!!!It is a very family orientated hotel ...with the circus acts and the fairground ... so plenty of children around at the weekends!!Though it did not bother me at all ...the bars and gaming areas are still Adults only ....and as the night progresses the children disappear!!!As we were on a budget ...the food in the hotel and around it ...unless you went to an expensive restaurant ...was pretty much fast food and dinners ...not bad ...but nothing special!!The Hotel is towards the bottom of the strip, by the Sahara ....but it is a nice walk to the main strip area with all the big hotels and attractions ...although if it is as hot as it was when I was there ...I would get the deuce!!! The cheap and quick bus that opperates up and down the strip!!!The pool area was clean and a nice place to relax in the sun, the rooms were large, clean and with all the ammenities you need.All in all a good place to stay on a budget ...or with the kids!!! I loved my time in Las vegas ...although if I had the money ...I would stay in the large expensive hotels!!!! One day????	
Nov 25 2008 	Circus Circus was Great !	The main lobby might look a little shabby but you have to remember the huge amount of traffic that comes through. We did NOT have to wait in line, the hostess was very friendly and helpful. We had a room in the tower and it was clean, nice and had comfy beds.Our hair dryer did not work but within 5 minutes of asking, staff brought a brand new one in. The windows however were dirty and hard to see through, so no picture taking out the windows.The buffet was a good value, also there is a McDonalds inside ,that was good since we had 2 children with us.We all had a great time at the Adventuredome and watching the cirucs acts, also enjoyed the arcade room. The hallways were quiet, we probaly picked a good time of the year to go.Overall the value was amazing, we paid under $30.00 a night for four of us , my husband and I and 11 and 12 yr. old grandchildren. We had one room with double beds and it was plenty large enough. Missed the coffeemaker though, they should definitely add that to the rooms!All in all, great value, and a great time had by all!	
Nov 25 2008 	You get what you pay for	I experienced the same as many prior reviewers. The property is in satisfactory condition, not run-down or demolition-worthy, but not a place where I would take my family or a date. It's like a review I wrote for Gold Strike in Jean, NV, it's that kind of property. For $37 a night, you get what you pay for. The elevators had trash strewn on the floor of the cab, and there was graffiti etched liberally around the interior. The rooms weren't bad, about what you'd get for a Best Western, did have a flat screen TV, and was clean, I'll give them that. Its location is good, north-center strip, and casino had adequate gaming. The employees, however, were overall very accommodating and efficient. Check-in was a snap, as was check-out. I left late in the night, so checked out in person at the desk, and Donald was very efficient and personable. I ate at the Steakhouse, if you haven't eaten there, give it a try. Despite its location, it is top flight!In a nutshell, if you need a centrally located home base in Las Vegas and don't mind minimal surroundings, this is adequate. But if you're looking to impress a date or want opulence, this may not be your best choice.	
Nov 24 2008 	Fantastic for the price-stay in the Tower!	You get what you pay for. We got more...for a discount rate, the room was fantastic, NOT perfect, but better than an interstate motel 6 or the Stratosphere room we had last year. Better stays to be had in the tower rooms! Not too many kids, good thing about going in November. No one should be shocked if at any time the place is full of kids...it's attractions are geared toward them. Check in was fast at midnight, easy to check out through the TV system. For the record, Slots of Fun is gross, couldn't bring ourselves to buy a $1.25 beer from there...need to get rid of the grease/[-]/vomit scent.	
Nov 23 2008 	Good value and efficient service	We booked and pre paid for Circus Circus as a family and were therefore a little surprised to be asked at check in for a further dollar a day for the telephone in our room. This would give us free local calls for the duration of our stay, but how many local calls a day does the average tourist make while in the hotel. As others have said the hotel is looking tired but the tower room we had was large and well insulated from any noise in neighbouring rooms. The air conditioning however was also of a past era and was noisy on all settings except offThe food in the hotel was also good value and family friendly. The only real down side to staying here is outside the control of the owners. The Sands Hotel which was between Circus Circus and the heart of the strip is now just a bare building site. This makes the walk to the heart of the strip feel further and the sidewalk is covered in an unbelievable amount of litter, composed of pictures of naked women and the services they provide. I would be happy to stay there again for the comfy beds and rooms but would be tempted by a more central location.Sta8sman: Essex	
Nov 23 2008 	Good value for money	We stayed in Circus Circus for three nights before flying to San Diego for a cruise. Having read some of the reviews on TripAdvisor we were a bit worried, but we needn't have been. Yes the hotel is looking a bit tired, but we had a tower room and it was fine. The bathroom looked as if it had been renovated and was clean, as was the rest of the room. The bed was large and comfortable and the room was big by UK standards. Our only gripe was that there was no tea/coffee making equipment in the room. However that was not really a problem as there was a 24 hour Krispy Kreme concession on the ground floor just across the corridor from our nearest lift, so I could get our morning hot drink there.We had no problems checking in, or out, and didn't have to queue as other people said they did.The breakfast buffet, at $10.49 a head, was good value and the food was fine. We had dinner there too the first night which was very little dearer ($14 I think) - but that wasn't so good.We also had a meal in The Garden Room which was fine and reasonably priced.Circus Circus is huge and it did take us a while to find our way around it - and all the slot machines were a bit of a shock, but no different from any other hotel in Vegas! There is a pool, tho' it takes a bit of finding - again it was fine.The main problem with the hotel is that is is actually quite a long way from the centre of the strip - we were also offered Excalibur, and that would have been a better choice as it's much nearer where all the action is. We took the mono-rail, which is a short walk from Circus Circus, to the top end at MGM and walked all the way back - a good long hike.	
Nov 22 2008	loved circus circus	we stayed in november this year only two weeks ago, we had a ball, ok it needs a refurb but the atmosphere is fabulous and the food was fantastic, we loved it and will go back. asap. the jones and roberts manchester england	
Nov 20 2008 	Not 4 us the time	My boyfriend and I stayed here at the time due to it being the cheapest. It was my bf 1st time going to Vegas, but my 3thrd time. I stayed at the Fitz the 2nd time I went (in July 2007)and a Days Inn the 1st time I went (11yrs ago..LOL). The previous hotels which were in no way nice to my standards were WAY better than the room we got at Circus Circus. The bed felt as though it was nothing more than a box spring. The carpet was disgusting. Our view was decent but nothing I hoped for, for my bf to experience. The buffet was GROSS!!!!!!!! I have been reading a lot of the other reviews and WOW the rooms that other ppl got seem amazing compared to what we were given. Out of the 2 times previous to going to Vegas I had no idea about the whole upgrade thing!! I know silly me, that is what I get for not joining tripadvisor until just recently!! Anyways, we are going back to Vegas again this Feb 2009 and now I have more insight on it for us. Thank you all for all the input and pictures you put on here, it helps so much keep it up and when I return from my trip in 2009 I will for sure be uploading my pics to share with you all and my review of where we stay!! We are looking into staying at TI, or Bill's, or Harrah's, or Excaliber, or Luxor, I know lots of choices and we just haven't been able to decide all the way yet!! Circus Circus might be in there as well with our choices if of course we can book one of those newer rooms...LOL!! Well goodbye until next time I am on here to give you all a review!!	
Nov 19 2008 	Kids love it not so much adults	We came here for my 40th. The idea is great, but the hotel needs some work. We were &quot;upgraded&quot; to the West tower for free. The room was nice, but the beds were way too soft and springy. (not good on back and necks) Also, we had some blue stuff on the outside of our tub I found after taking a shower. I moved the curtain over to leave showing for maid. It was still there after they came. I called the desk and a maid and her supervisor came up. I wasn't mad, just a little grossed out wondering how long it had been there? We also had neighbors who partied all night and finally at 3:30 am I called front desk and they sent up security and they quieted down. The next night their alarm was going off so I called down and security came up again and turned it off. Unfortunately he only hit the snooze button! I was impressed by their response to both instances.The free shows were okay. The unicylcist was good and so were the 2 Vladimirs. The clowns needed help. They had &quot;talent&quot; but no character. We ate at the Garden Grill once, it was average. We asked the front desk if the restaruants were good and they said not really. McDonalds ( on 2nd floor) was good and had normal prices, which is great for a cheap meal! (cheap meals are hard to find in Vegas!)Next time I would stay further down the strip at the Bellagio or Mandalay. Take the Deuce bus if you come here, it is $5 for all day pass.	
Nov 18 2008 	great for kids!! not for us!!	went to vegas for four days and stayed at circus circus. a bit outdated the hotel plenty of kids there has me and my husband would of preferednto of gone to the bellagio!!, never mind we went for my 50th birthday the staff on reception asked us if we wanted to upgrade on our last night for my birthday but it was a bit too late. the casino had a lot of kids roaming about with pushchairs. pay a bit more and stay at the other hotels down the strip.	
Nov 17 2008 	Great Value Good for Kids	We had a great 3 night stay over Veteran's Day. Couldn't beat the price, $105 total for 3 nights. Booked the West Tower renovated room (don't book anything less). Nice room, definitely great for the price. Check in line was terrible but noticed a sign (after a few minutes) that said 1-800-5-NOWAIT. Called and was checked in over the phone, walked right up to the counter and received my key in less than 5 minutes. By passed a HUGE line. West Tower is easy access to valet area but a bit farther to the strip. Great place to stay if you have kids with you. We spent the day at the Adventure Dome with the kids and also visited the Midway for games and entertainment. Carnival games are only $1 to play and with 2 players you receive a prize. The kids had a great time. Krispy Kreme donughts on site as well as a clean, well run McDonalds in the Midway. Housekeeping did an excellent job (always tip the maid!0 Don't expect the Bellagio but if you go in with a reasonable mind set you will enjoy your stay.	
Nov 14 2008	fab	I stayed at the circus circus hotel as we had a 6 year old with us from that point of view it was a great hotel for facilities although it is 40 yrs old this year the hotel definately needs a refurb.At the other end of the strip a bit further out but we didnt find this a problem as we jumped straight into a cab and it was very reasonable.A very safe and busy destination with lots to do for both couples and families.	
Nov 12 2008 	Depressing experience	My family needed a place to stay for one night only as we were leaving early the next day. We chose Circus Circus for its proximity to the RV Rental Location where we were to pick up our RV the next day so we were not expecting or wanting much.Arriving at 23h00, we found the lobby to be filled with many, many families and their luggage. Some were asleep on the couches, others sprawled out. Not a pleasant welcome. Were these people waiting for a bus somewhere? I have no clue but it gave the lobby a &quot;homeless shelter&quot; feeling.We went to check-in where there was fortuantely no line. Our clerk noted that my credit card had a mildly faded signature. I offered photo ID (passport, driver's license etc.) to confirm that I was indeed the cardholder for this previously booked and prepaid room. The clerk informed me that photo ID is insufficient and that I should resign the card then and there. Gee, does this not preclude the reason for signing a card in the first place? I guess a fraud artist would never think of doing this.We proceeded to our room. One elevator did not work though it was not clearly marked or otherwise indicated as out of order. The doors on the (working) elevators close too quickly. My family barely got in before the doors closed. We are not slow walkers either. We went to our room which was ok for 23h00. It was not fancy but was clean enough. The bathroom was dated. The shower was weak. The overall feeling was, please renovate me. One problem was the curtains did not dim out the street lights entirely so if you need near darkness to sleep, watch out. I went down to the casino to unwind while my family went to sleep. Very old and dated as well. The place reminded me of old casino meets a shabby coney island. Very depressing.The staff were on the whole pleasant and receptive.Would I stay here again? I do not think so as there are equally reasonably priced places on the Strip that are superior. It was adequate enough for one night but we will not be returning.	
Nov 11 2008 	great stay	from cambs ukstayed november 2008read all reviews before going and had mixed views but arrived at airport in afternoon and taxi to hotel 23 dollers took us to reception at rear not at front as some people said. took about 15 mins to check in asked for view of strip given sky rise room with 2 double beds and a no smoking one as was given the choice, clean and well stocked with towels and on 29th floor. as there was only 2 of us we could not fault for the price. tried few of resturants and found good choice even the all you could eat steak dinner for 12 dollers and was asked if we wanted some more steak once we finished the first one. room cleaned every day with new towels and shampoos, safe charged 50 cents to use each time so did not mind, one doller a day for local calls used a few times to book shows, took trip to grand caynon by papelon tours by plane hele and boat with lunch included and only four of us in helecopter so had great time no faults. for being in seedy area as some reviews said only time i could see the mens clubs or areas of this nature was from hotel window on 29th floor and they were not on the strip these clubs, you get more people on the strip pestering you for time share or trying to give cards for certain phone numbers they were more annoying.. booked some shows back in uk before going with travelocity and did not have any problems when over there getting tickets of them when arrived. so overall we had a excellent 7 days and would go back to this hotel again for price and standards we had if people want more then go and pay a lot more at some of the other hotels on the strip, one othe point we liked about this hotel it was about in the middle as we walked to bottom end of strip from here and to fermont street in the other direction. hotel did run a airport bus we found out and cost 6 dollers each to go back to airport so not bad	
Nov 9 2008 	Damp mold infested rooms Horrible customer service	To begin with, I requested a non-smoking room; but was still placed in a smoking room. It was too late at night to go somewhere else.I tolerated torcher for the whole night. The room was damp, the bathroom was infested with mold. Old rotting furniture. stinking pillows.Ameneties: * A mirror hanging on a wall in the name of dresser.* No coffee maker. / coffee* No free internet. You pay 12.50 per day.* Have one iron, but no power receptacle to plug-in near the iron board. All of them have been sealed in clear violation of building codes.Customer Service: On second day, I requested to provide me a non-smoking room, The resposne was, &quot;We have not even single room available for YOU. Can anyone believe that, out of 3700 rooms not even one was available.Next morning at checkout, I spoke with supervisor, His response was: Non-smoking room is &quot;Just a Request&quot; It is not gurranteed.I would not reccomment anybody go this horrible place and pay $150.00 per night. I think mom-pop motels in $50 per night are better in terms of amenities and level of servce. At least they can not be discourteous.	
Nov 8 2008	pleasantly surprised	circus circus las vegas .Great time. We have recently returned from Vegas and I was very anxious about this hotel after reading some of the reports. On arrival we were allocated a free upgrade to a room in the West Tower which overlooked the strip. The room contained 2 double beds a huge tele and a very clean bathroom. Extra coathangers were delivered in mintues and the service we received whilst there was amazing. The deuce bus which stops outside this hotel was a lifesaver as you can use it for 24 hours for 5 dollars .You certainly get your moneys worth as The Strip is 4 miles long. If you want to waste your money stay at one of the fancy hotels further down the strip where you will pay at least double the price for every thing. We cannot commend the staff at this hotel enough and would return here again without trepidation.	
Nov 7 2008 	Yuck	Do yourself a favour and beware.We had read in lots of places that this is the best place to stay with a family, but I think travel agents need to come and have a look. This may have been the place about 20 years ago, but not now.The hotel is old and run down in many areas, and needs upgrading ( or demolishing).The rooms themselves are OK, but all the other bad bits are overwhelming.Firstly taxis drop you at the Strip entrance, so you need to walk thru the casino, which is smoky, smelly and dingy.Had to wait in line for over half an hour to check in.We stayed in the Skyrise Tower, (thought it was recently upgraded, but it's not) , which meant we had to walk thru tacky, tacky arcade, with people selling all sorts of rubbish.Bathroom was smelly, beds are Ok, but not really up to modern day hotel standards, remote control didnt work, smoke detector was hanging from the ceiling.Internet at $11 per day extra, having the luxury of a phone (even without use) is $2 per room, costs $20 if you have an extended stay of ONE HOUR.Buffet is good, but always had to queue for around 15 minutes to get in.It's located at the far end of the strip.We wonder who exactly is posting positive reviews of this hotel??Delighted to leave, wouldn't recommend this to anyone.	
Nov 5 2008 	Circus Schmircus - no thanks	This hotel was recommended by my travel agent and boy is she in some trouble when I get to see her. Like the previous reviewer I have to say it is a DUMP with a capital &quot;D&quot;. I paid over the odds for this place as well (I found out that the rates are much much cheaper with lots ot travel packages ...but well you live and learn). So after lining up to check in for at least a half an hour I was given a room in the Skyline Tower that was just awful. I took one look at the bed and went &quot;no way&quot;. I was able to upgrade - at $10 per night (where was the $5 a night upgrade one reviewer mentioned?)- to a room with a pillow top bed in the West Tower. It still was a very basic room - no door on the wardrobe (which couldnt really be called a wardrobe - just a hanging space - but there was only 5 coat hangers which made things a bit difficult). Very basic bathroom and toiletries very average. Trying to call down to reception was a nightmare - go through the choosing of numbers and then get put on hold for ages.They slug you $1 a day (mandatory) for unlimited local calls (of which I made none) and then the $10 a day for the upgrade. I had a fax come through that I had to pay $5 per page for and then of course there was the $11.95 a day Internet charge. I was not a happy camper at all. On top of all my woes, the walls were so thin I could hear the family next door quite clearly and it was very annoying when they came in late at night and woke me up and then of course they woke me up in the early morning too. After 3 days that family moved out and then even noiser peope moved in. I just HATED being here.The hotel is really too far away from the main hustle and bustle and you really need to take a cab to get anywhere. I totally believe the best kindness anyone can do to this place is bulldoze it down and start again.	
Nov 5 2008 	Nice Room in West Tower	We were lucky we read the reviews and booked us a king bed room in the newly renovated West Tower.I have to say for under $50 a night, our king bed west tower room is absolutely a five star indulgence. Hotel website had the picture of the room and what you see is what you get. Our bed and pillows are so comfortable, I don't even wanna get out of it.42 inch LCD TV, but not many free TV channels.No wireless internet, but there were so much to do, I didn't even get a chance to turn on my laptop for our 2 night stay.If you are on a budget, remeber to get the visit las vegas guide, even the free shows will keep you occupied every day.We loved the circus show every half an hour. But don't miss the TI pirate ship, Rio dance gals, Bellagio fountain, MGM lion..lots to see even if you are on a budget.Circus buffet was the cheapest, but our buffet in Rio was the best.I will stay at Circus Circus again if I don't get a free TimeShare offer from any other hotel, afterall, this is the cheapest option on the strip.	
Nov 4 2008 	Grteat Time at Circus Circus	This was our 5th visit to Vegas but our first time staying at Circus Circus. Previously we stayed at Stardust (twice but now demolished), Key Largo (now closed) and Barbary Coast (now name changed). Enjoyed every minute of Circus Circus. The room in the Skyrise Tower was very comfortable. Check in and out was very smooth. When checking in asked for a room with a view of the Strip but the receptionist said there weren't any available however when we got into the room it had about the best view of the strip you could get from Circus Circus.All the staff were friendly. Did have a car and managed to get out and about. Went to a lovely little vineyard at Pahrump and out the Henderson and Red Rock Canyon as well as plenty of walking. The Duece day pass is excellent value and it lasts 24 hours not just for the day you buy it.Travelled for the first time with US Airways from Manchester UK via Philadelphia and the flights were all excellent. In fact I think they were the best transatlantic flights we have taken. After all the negative comments about US Airways was very pleasantly surprised.	
Nov 1 2008 	Sucked In At The Circus	THIS PLACE IS A DUMP, we had to go thru several rooms to get satisfied enough to at least stay on. Every corner you turn someone has their hand out...A complete milking in everything from the double the quoted room price to the 12 bucks to use the internet each day, no mail service and 5 bucks a pop to receive a fax. The place is old so the deterioration was explainable, the lack caring staff and general lack of enthusiasm makes the place a horror to have to go home to each evening, the cigarette smoke is so bad in the casino we couldnt gamble there, we had to gamble elsewhere.Lets face it with the face of vegas constantly changing it might be time for circus circus to do the dynamite thing and rebuild and move into the modern age. Oh the Buffet was okay not the best rated in vegas as they claim	
Nov 1 2008 	A real circus	Big big big hotel. The hotel has everything: a circus, a horror dome, an adventure dome, restaurants, shops, a swimming pool and of course casino's. Our room was very spacious with two large beds and a large bathroom. Everything was clean and although lots of rooms were occupied during our stay, we never heard our neighbours. The hotel is situated at the beginning of The Strip so it takes a walk to get to the other casion and hotel attractions at The Strip. But then you can always take a taxi.	
Oct 28 2008 	Second Visit...Even better than the 1st!!	This was my second stay at this hotel, and it was fabulous!!!Check in was quick, and after making a call to the hotel some weeks before to request conjoining rooms, they told me it would depend on the availability on the day. Lucky for us we got one. In the main tower on the 10th floor. We had a re-furbished room, which was very comfortable and very clean (it was very clean the 1st time anyway too)Hotel staff were great, and we always seemed to end up with the nicest (the staff that get the taxi's for you, are these doormen??)We did mile and miles of walking everyday, went to almost every hotel during our stay, saw most of the attractions, and walked to the sign (which seemed a lot closer this tme)An example of how great the staff were, one evening i had a fall in the Hotel room which resulted in me being taken to hospital to hve stitches, but the hotel staff were fab! They sent security to the room first to assess the damage, then the sherrif, the the paramedics. They knew we were messing around in the room, but not once did they judge us, nor did the paramedics. I recieved a letter from the hotel today passing on their best wishes in my recovery. Something i wasnt expecting at all.We flew with Virgin Atlantic, which i had done before, and have never been too keen on them anyway. But out outbound journey was horrendous!!! something you dont want at the start of your holiday. The service was terrible. We were served our 2 bitesize meals, but only once offered beverages after this. On a 10 hour flight i feel this is awful. When my friend found a hostess and asked for beverages he was told he had to wait until they had their break. I understand they need a break, but they were ALL on break at the same time, The hostesses werent even friendly either. Our return journey was much better.I have no other grumble what so ever about this holiday. But as i plan to return again in a couple of years, does anyone know of any other airlines that fly direct as i dont fancy flying with virgin again.Had a fab time!!! Will definalty go back and stay @ Circus Circus!!	
Oct 28 2008 	Viva Circus Circus!	Just back from a visit to Las Vegas Baby! Had a brilliant time and stayed at the Circus Circus, we had read some reviews warning us that there would be wall to wall children - not the case. There were certainly some kids there but no more that any other hotel we visited, we managed to get to the pool for a few hours a couple of days and the most kids in the pool at any of those times were 3. There are 2 pools, the one that doesnt have the bar was by far better, much quieter than the other and we walked round to the bar to get a drink in about 1 minute, there is also a nice jacuzzi too. The rooms were spacious, huge bathroom too, really clean too. Very confortable. The hotel itself is absolutely vast, it took us 10 minutes from the front entrance to get to our room, we got offered an upgrade to a west tower room for 5 dollars a night, take it if offered (we wished we had) it will cut your walk to your room in half, and the rooms there have just been re done.Lots of nice places to get something to eat in the hotel too, we ate breakfast everyday in the bagels and barista, lots of choice, cereals, fresh fruit, beautiful bagels and cream cheese (about 10 diffterent kinds of bagels) croissants, muffins ,sandwiches, really fresh. We also ate in the Garden Grill, good steak, italian food at reasonable prices. You can get a pitcher of frozen margarita for 10 dollars here. lovely! If you just want a quick snack, I recommend the Westside Deli, in the casino area where you get a giant footlong hotdog for 2.99. Just outside the hotel there is subway and mcdonalds too. You can catch the Duece bus right outside the hotel too, which will take you up and down the strip all day for 5 dollars, great to hop on and off of. You can also catch the Duece bus right along the other end of the strip to the factory outlets, great bargains there, Timberland, Converse, Adidas, Nike, Osh Kosh etc. Also, catch the Bellagio fountains, Brilliant.. Lastly, Have a great time.	
Oct 27 2008 	Stay someplace else	My wife and I were looking for a reasonably priced hotel in Las Vegas that was also clean and comfortable, so we booked one of the newly renovated West Tower Rooms on the Circus Circus website. After waiting on a long check-in line, we were told that the type of room we had booked was not available (even though we paid for the first night in advance). We explained that we didn't want to stay in a different part of the hotel (we remembered the web site pictures of these rooms, which were older and dingier), and were eventually given a West Tower Room. However, what they didn't tell us was that the room they gave us had two small beds instead of one larger bed. By the time we got to the room around 1am, we were too exhausted to complain. We would not recommend this hotel.	
Oct 23 2008 	Good fun	A nice Hotel. It must have been ok as my Wife and I got married in the hotel wedding chapel! We had a room in the apparently refurbished West Tower which was spacious, clean and comfortable. The hotel is situated at one end of the strip, so is ideally placed to venture out into Vegas. Parking is excellent, valet parking is technically free (although staff work for the tips), staff were helpful and cheerful. There is a large amount of restaurants/bars etc so food is never an issue, aside from the Casino there is a good amusement arcade, regular circus acts, a selection of shops (which are slightly pricey) and the indoor theme park complete with roller coasters, haunted house etc.I can definately reccommend the wedding chapel - a wonderful ceremony, very romantic and professional in a lovely setting. The staff were very friendly although they will try and rip you off shamelessly when it comes to buying photos of the wedding.The price of rooms is also extremely good - ours was around $60 a night inc taxes, which is spectacular value considering we paid double that for a bog standard comfort inn place a few days before.The only issue we had was that the hotel was extremely busy, particularly in the lobby meaning sometimes a 10 minute wait for a lift and long lines at the buffet and you do get pestered slightly walking to the exits by the shop/stall owners trying to sell you things.Highly recommended.	
Oct 23 2008 	What a Surprise!	Fabulous place to stay. Had a 3 night stay recently in 2 adjoining rooms in the Skyrise Tower. Mum &amp; Dad in one room and 3 teenage kids in the other.Read a lot of ordinary reviews and wasn't sure what to expect. Must be a lot of grumpy and fussy people out there, it was absolutely fine. Not the newest hotel in Vegas but the rooms were clean, the showers worked fine and I slept like a log so nothing wrong with the beds! Great places to eat, lots of souvenir shops and the Midway circus and games area was great for the kids. If you want 5 star go somewhere else but we thought it was great	
Oct 23 2008 	Just Okay	We stayed in the skyrise tower, on the very top floor. It wasn't very straightforward to navigate through the hotel without a map. The room was clean and tidy but reeked of smoke in the bathroom even though it was a non-smoking room. Check-in was slow and tedious. But on the plus side staff were helpful and accomodating. Buffet was value for money.	
Oct 21 2008 	Will never stay here again	Horrible Hotel. Till the end of 2009, it not even on the Strip because there is a huge construction between Circus Circus and the main part of the Strip, so you need to drive anyway. The hotel itself is a joke: it's gloomy, stinky and does not have any &quot;happy las vegas feel&quot; whatsoever. I brought my in-laws there, and was very ashamed once we steped into the lobby. If you want to save some money - stay out of the Strip. For the same rate you can find much better deals. If you want to be on the Strip - stay in between Treasure Island and Bellagio (this is the only wlkable part now), but the prices are biting...	
Oct 17 2008 	* Another Good Stay *	My wife and I decided to take a 36 hour getaway trip to Las Vegas. We live in Phoenix so Vegas is only a 5 hour drive for us.We Stayed October 13th-15th, 2008 This time around we had our little man join us for the very first time but he is only 6 months old too though, hehehe.Our cousin, her husband and two little girls only live about 20 minutes from the strip so not only did we get to enjoy the hotel we got to visit with them and they even watched our little man overnight so my wife could have the night off and enjoy her self gambling, drinking and etc.The trip this time to Circus Circus was much of the same. Everytime we are in Vegas we stay at Circus Circus. The midway is fun and this time I was able to win stuffed animals for my son which was cool. You know how it is for first time parents !We stayed in the West Tower ( Refurbished ) it had a very comfortable pillow top bed. 32 inch flat screen TV and new furnishing. We were on their highest floor which is 35 stories.The room was nice and cool and we had a great view. The carpet is very worn in many areas though. We also enjoyed the whirlpool bath, however, we didn't get to enjoy it in our room as the jets were not working.We called to get it fix but they couldn't so they moved us to the 29th floor with the whirlpool inside. However, as soon as we walked in it reeked of cigarette smoke ( We Are Non-Smokers ) we immediately went back to the front desk and asked for another room.This time they gave us a room on the 26th floor with the whirlpool bath and it smelled of smoke but it was doable as it only reeked a little in the bathroom but not in the sleeping area at all.The previous guests obviously smoked in the bathroom because they placed a wash cloth in the air vent to eliminate the smoke from traveling through-out the non-smoking 26th floor.This was clearly not the hotel's fault so we settled in the room and enjoyed our oversized whirlpool bath, comfortable bed and 32 inch flat screen tv but acourse this was after we enjoyed our evening of gambling, shows and drinking etc.We have stayed at Circus Circus many times before so we know what to expect and although the hotel doesn't have the best reputation its really not that bad for the rate that we paid of $66 per night which included the $20 upgrade for the whirlpool bath.The hotel is great for families and for gamblers who want to gamble on the cheap. Circus Circus and Slots Of Fun next door meets those needs.If you have a family or you just want to enjoy Vegas on the cheap give Circus Circus a try its not that bad of a hotel. Casino Cafe has great food, the buffett has decent food and lots to choose from. You can't go wrong here. If you want luxury skip Circus but if you are regular and just want to have fun choose Circus.SPECIAL NOTE:If you are a smoker please don't smoke in the room. Go downstairs and smoke in the casino or outside. The weather is great in Las Vegas right now.Be considerate of others. Thank God my son was at my cousin's house when we were room hopping.Remember, you can always ask for a smoking room there's no extra charge !Anyways, thank you and enjoy your trip to Las Vegas !I will have Photo's Posted in a few weeks as we are going back to Vegas and stayin in Circus Cirucs again !	
Oct 13 2008 	Remember you get what you pay for	We got a cheap deal and noted the reviews so expected what you should expect for an older 3* hotel on The Strip. Our original room was not what we paid for as we did upgrade in an attempt to get one of their refurbished rooms in the West Tower. The older rooms and corridors have a musty smell and look very tired. I wouldn't want to stay in this part of the hotel. Staff immediately changed our room without any bother and we got a much nicer room only to find it had an adjorning door to another room with nightmare neighbours arguing through the night. In the morning without any fuss staff at reception, in particular Trina who should be noted for her helpfulness, reserved possibly one of the best rooms in the hotel for us. For the rest of the stay we were very satisfied. While a 3* hotel the room must of bordered on 4* if it weren't for a few little things. It is a hotel for families and much of the facilities were based on that theme but what we saw of them looked good and quite updated. If you want a romantic break - spend the money and go elsewhere. Like some areas of the hotel, the swimming pool needed some work. While the pools seemed clean the surrounding areas were not very attractive. Perhaps some plants and trees would look nice? At the end of the day, if you make sure you get a refurbished room in the West Tower then it is a quite adequate hotel. The Deuce bus stop is outside and takes you downtown or to the central area of The Strip and the posher hotels. Being that you can simply walk in and out the other hotels and there is so much to do, you need only sleep in your own hotel. Overall we had a great time in Vegas and while I would not stay in Circus Circus again prefering to go more upmarket (of course you would have to pay more) it did not mean our trip was any less enjoyable.	
Oct 9 2008 	The best place for the kids	This hotel is the best for kids. Didn't like the casino. Some parts of the hotel the carpet stinks. from six elevetor only 3 worked. The buffet: Breakfast $11.00 was worth it. There is no discount for kids. Dinner we ate at the Paris Hotel $25.00 Buffet (recomeded) also there is fast food at Venitian (chines,Burgers etc.) Planet Hollywood have restaurants like sbaro, and Italian cusine cheap for $25 per person for full meal,	
Oct 8 2008 	check in needs improving	Rooms were a great size were in rooms near the adventure dome and pool,we thought the buffet had improved since we stopped there 3 years ago,maybe the hotel needs a little re-fit but overall not bad for the price you pay,all i would say it took us 1 1/2 hrs to check inn,yes i know the hotel has alot of rooms but when you see check in desks untended when the queue is very long just think it could be improved...	
Oct 8 2008 	Best deal on strip	excelent deal 2 nights, and 3rd night free. It cost me less than 100.00 dollars. SkyRise tower is not that bad, especially i only need a place to sleep	
Oct 5 2008 	Gambled with CC service . . . and lost	I stayed at Circus Circus for a night in early Oct 2008 after staying a few other times over the past 10 years. What a difference a few years makes. It was always on the lower end in terms of niceties and services, but it's now crumbling.My problems could be summarized with:1. I took a shower and the water refused to turn off, it took them forever to send someone up to try to fix it2. The ceiling was literally crumbling onto me while in the shower3. The next morning I took another shower and the water again refused to turn off. I didn't even bother calling it in, figuring someone would find it after I checked out since they didnt' seem to care about it while I was a guest4. It was an exciting shower, however, as the maid not only came in the room, but opened the shower curtain while I was in the shower! I couldn't believe it, she didn't even announce herself or ask if anyone was in the room! Just barged right into the shower. She was embarassed and apologetic, but there's no excuse for this.Ultimately, none of this are the engineer's or the maid's fault. It's the fault of the people who are supposed to manage them and train them. This has become a shoddy hotel and I would stay away.	
Oct 3 2008 	Stay away!	We stayed at Circus Circus in the Skyrise tower room with a &quot;view&quot; (17th floor). The beds are very uncomfortable and housekeeping didn't clean our room. When we got back to our room around 6:30 pm I called housekeeping to come and clean the room and they never showed up. We stayed here in 2006 and what a big difference.	
Sep 30 2008	great for families	stayed there for a few days this sep.the standards isn't up yo ceasers or bellagio, etc. but then again it doesn't claim to be. if you are taking the kids to vegas, this is the place to stay. i found the staff very helpful, the room was clean and tidy. and the meals acceptable, not many faults really.	
Sep 28 2008 	Yuck!	You get what you pay for, so all we got was a basic-blah, 2 queen-bed room with clean sheets and towels. I wish we had spent a little more on a different place because this hotel/casino. has seen better days. It has become downright seedy, has NO redeeming ambiance, the carpeting is filthy. and there are NO coffee pots in the rooms.Thanks to trip advisor I read about the bus stop being out in front!! We wouldn't have been able to enjoy the strip without them... the busses were nicer and cleaner than the hotel! However, if you stay here be prepared to walk A LOT!!Check-in didn't take long, but the person who checked us in ,whose initials are MGM, told us our room was a suite (it wasn't) and that we'd have a lovely view of the strip (it actually looked over a roof top and the construction going on down the street). The baby next door didn't cry all night and our room didn't smell bad like some other areas of this property did. Like all the casinos on the strip, the drinks at the slot machines and tables are gratis.The cafeteria style breakfast was OK, but we didn't want to eat there again. Next time, I'll spend more money and will stay in a centrally located, newer, nicer place.	
Sep 26 2008 	Pretty Decent for your money...	I arrived and got lost trying to find our room. This place is huge! I still never made it through the entire hotel. I figure for the price and the fact that I only slept there, it's a very good deal. You can walk to the center of the strip where all the excitement is (very long walk if you're not in shape). Or you can catch the Deuce. A double decker bus that runs 24 hours a day. A one way trip will cost you $2. A 24 hour pass is only $5 (Better Deal). The busses can get a little crowded and at night they will seem to take forever. If this happens, no bother, just take a cab!Anyway, back to the hotel. The food at the Casino Cafe is awesome. Huge portions. One order of something will probably feed 2 to 3 people. It can get a lil smoky because it's connected to the casino and people are allowed to smoke in the casino. So, don't get seated near the door of the restaurant. There's a $10 shop that has lovely jewelry and another one that has very nice souvenir gifts. I wanted to go to the store called &quot;LYCNS-PL8S&quot; or something like that. I never got around to going back.	
Sep 23 2008 	Good Value	Circus Circus is located towards the end of the strip. A bus stop is right outside so you can travel the Deuce bus regularly.The hotel itself is really good for children, having a circus inside (hence the name) and it has a fairground also. It is really good to keep the children occupied.The buffet restaurant is good value for money - all you can eat and drink for a set price. Can be a bit repetitive, but try to vary your choice each day.The rooms are spacious - however no fridge in our room which would have been beneficial as the weather was very hot and fluids definately required. The air conditioning is great though.Like most hotels, the casino is good and drinks regularly supplied, remember to tip the waitress.Would definately go back here again as good value and although at the end of the strip, it is worth paying approx 400 less than other hotels.	
Sep 22 2008 	Good for what you pay	Circus Circus was just what id expected. I booked a West Tower Room which was newly decorated, and it was perfect for what we needed, it was clean, maid came everyday and got clean towels, and fresh linen whenever we wanted!! There was no sound out of the air con, the bathroom was clean, and there was a 32&quot; flat screen tv!! Safe was free to use!! There was no kids in the hotel, but that is probably due to the time of year. Check-in took 5 mins, tho it was 1am, and check out took 5 mins, it was 7am!! The Duece bus stops right out side the hotel and takes u up the strip for $5 for a 24 hour ticket!! I would stay in the hotel again, just wouldn't eat in it, GROSS!!!!	
Sep 20 2008 	bargain	we arrived at circus circus not expecting a lot and it was actually quite nice. front desk staff was extremly friendly and helpful.room was big with two massive beds, a nice bathroom and very clean.the buffet in the evening wasnt great but ok...nothing special but than again for 12$ okay...the gambling there is perfect for young people and travellers as it is really really cheap and affortable.no pool unfortunatly.for that price???an absolut bargain :)	
Sep 19 2008 	Cheap and adequate	Didn't book, just called at reception and got clean, quiet, comfortable room with 2 queens for $39 a night. Incredible value for money.	
Sep 18 2008 	Fear and Loathing in Circus Circus	We stayed here on our first trip to Las Vegas. It was my choice being a Hunter S Thompson fan I wanted to stay in the hotel featured in the novel Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. Let me start by saying the rooms are huge....but that's about all that is good about it. Checking in took at least an hour. Front desk staff were hopeless. When we did finally get to our room it stank. Changing rooms took another hour and we were allocated a less stinky room. We got used to the smell after a few days. The bed was hard and uncomfortable. We were there for ten days and I think housekeeping only changed our sheets and made up our room for four of those days. We had to physically chase them down for clean towels as contacting the front desk got us nowhere. The safe was broken and the air conditioner was very old and didn't work well. Very noisy day and night. Lots of comings and goings at all times of the night. Thin walls....I was kept awake by the man in the room next door snoring one night. Lots of ladies that you see on those cards they hand out on The Strip frequenting the hallways. We took another trip to Las Vegas September 08 and we didn't venture down that end of The Strip. Our Circus Circus stay was 18 months ago so they may have had some sort of refurbishment or upgrade since then. Even so I wouldn't stay there again....too far away from amenities. They didn't even have a Starbucks!	
Sep 17 2008 	Keep your expectations low and you'll be just fine.	Stayed 3 nights at this hotel with 3 other friends for a girls trip. We stayed in a room on the 26th floor in the Skyrise Towers. The room itself was a fair size considering there were 4 adults to accommodate.The linens in our room were clean, and the 2 queen sized beds were pretty comfortable. The kleenex box in our bathroom was empty though, which wasn't a big deal since we had to call housekeeping for more pillows and towels anyways. No fridge or coffee maker in the room, but there was an iron and ironing board. Also there is a safe that takes 50cents to use each time you want to lock it. Bathroom was equipped with a hairdryer, and cheap generic soaps, shampoo/conditioner. The showerhead had a really hard water pressure (which my friends with long hair told me was awesome, but I thought it was a touch too hard on my skin), but the drain in the tub seemed clogged as the water collected around your feet. The sink in there could use a good de-clogging too. The shower curtain was also positioned in very close so the shower space was probably 2-3 inches more narrow than I was accustomed to (and I'm not a particularly big person). It was particularly unpleasant when the curtain would start to float inwards due to the hot steam and would touch my skin.Within the sleeping area, the floor appeared to be clean, but there was a definite white line of dust collection behind the beds and under the aircondition system where the vacuum couldn't reach. Inside the armoire and on top of the tv was also a layer of dust the maids must've missed. The airconditioner worked well though, it worked hard and loudly but kept us cool as we liked to keep it at around 70F (21C).There was a long line at check-in and had a system very reminiscent of a bank-line which took about 45minutes in total. The gentleman that I checked in with was very courteous and helpful though. He gave us detailed instructions of how to get to our rooms, which was a good thing as it was a fair trek away from registration. To get to the skyrise towers you must go up the elevators to the 2nd floor, and proceed to walk through the &quot;promenade&quot; which is much akin to a street fair, before going through a small section of casino and up another set of elevators. It was a bit of a hassle, trying to navigate through the crowds and pushy vendors with all your luggage.Pushy vendors? Oh yes! The promenade is made up of all sorts of salesfolk trying to grab your attention and persuade you to buy their goods... god forbid you should make any eye contact with them! I certainly didn't see any of this action at Treasure Island or the Mirage lol. After the 4th day you do learn to walk fast and ignore their pitches.CC tries to be more family oriented, and in saying that, the free circus acts up in the midway are pretty entertaining (no, it's not cirque du soleil, it's free), but the pool closes at 8pm and some of the restaurants closes at 9pm. There were only a few kids around since school had already started so I didn't notice any of them running around the casino area to get to the midway, but there were a few splashies in the pool from them.To keep this review from being longer than a novel, I'll finish by saying that CC is an old hotel and definitely shows its age. The price is cheap and you can't go in with high expectations or else you'll be really disappointed. If you're on a budget then this is a great place to stay.	
Sep 16 2008 	Not great!!!!	booked for 3nts upgraded to a 3* not worth it! hotel smelt, room in main tower was the most basic i ever stayed in, not even a teas made! the beds were the lumoyest ever! wokr every 2hrs sore and had to turn!! made do cause it was only for 3nts	
Sep 15 2008 	Terrible experience. More like a zoo than an circus	First, there was a lower rate online but when you clicked &quot;register&quot; nothing happened so you HAD to call the hotel. When I got to the hotel, the lines were outrageous and unorganized. We got a AAA rate, but were not given the &quot;deal&quot; that was online and then even charged a &quot;fee&quot; for the telephone even though we never even touched it. The rooms were filthy and smelly. When we woke up, my kids and I all had bites on our arms and legs.I could go on and on about the sticky table and dirty cups at dinner inside the hotel, but I'll refrain to say that I will never stay there again. Very disappointing.	
Sep 13 2008 	Whats Happened Here???	Well I have to say I was a little disappointed this time round. I have been to Vegas twice before and stayed at Circus Circus twice before, so I knew exactly what to expect - value for money. Yes its cheaper that all the other hotels and at the end of the strip, but we liked this. Recently renovated I can say nothing negative about the accommodation - room was clean, fresh, large, much more than value for money. Its the very unfriendly and unhelpfulness of the staff that would probably deter me from staying here again. It doesn't bother me that it is full of families at peak season, the great part about staying here is you sleep here then head off for the day.... but I just can't stand rude staff and a no can do attitude!!!! Not much more to say than great value for money as long as you don't need ANY help at all from the staff and lets be honest everyone has a question to ask the concierge at one point during your stay. I think this hotel has got too big for its boots and management may want to look at putting their staff on some customer service training	
Sep 12 2008	Great Bed. Pool area needs work	I loved my king size bed in my room and, wish Icould have bought it home. Shower pressure wasthe greatest in any hotel that I have ever had.Room was clean. The only problem with the roomwas the air conditioning was a little loud and manynoise. I would stay at this hotel again if I was notplanning to use the pool. The lifeguards did nothingand were text messaging there friends. If you arewanting a pool area that lifeguards enforce therules, this hotel is not for you. But, if you are notgoing to swim, I would stay there again too.	
Sep 10 2008 	viva las vegas	after reading some reviews i was worried about staying in the circus circus. but i have to say i had an awesome stay. i guess with any hotels you have good and bad experiences, as you will have at any place whether it be a clothing store, restaurant etc. check in was very fast and it has a completely different entrance from the casino which was nice. it was at the end of the strip(but really the strip is not that big). when i got to the room i was very impressed it was very big and clean and modern with a huge bathroom and a nice flat screen TV. i would suggest staying in the reno'd tower if you want to have the same experience, i believe that the rooms in that tower are $10-15 more a night (a worthwhile investment) They had 2 pools and unlike some of the reviews that i have read, the pool was in a good location (hard to get at) but it was big with alot of reclining chairs. a pool bar, life guards, and a pool attendant. they had an average buffet that was really big with a huge selection, would suggest it for breakfast and lunch but definatley go to a nice restaurant along the strip for a nice sit down meal. personally i went to the hafbrauhaus which was a very unique german beer hall style restaurant which had really nice food good service and good entertainment. the next morning we went to the grand canyon and had to check out of the hotel. we were able to leave our bags at the bell desk, and at the end of the night we went back to the hotel, and they made out transportion arrangements back to the airport. defiantely a good place for a nice weekend getaway would definately stay there again!	
Sep 9 2008	Bad location and nightlife	Stayed summer 2008, found the location not best suited to singles and parties looking to enjoy the nightlife of Vegas. Also the hotel itself does not contain much in the way of bars, and would be best suited to families. Even the restaurants are closed for large parts of the day. Staying here will result in lots of walking elsewhere, or waiting for buses!	
Sep 9 2008 	You get what you pay for...	I stayed at Circus Circus, arriving on July 29 and left on August 5th. I'll start with the positive notes:1. Bedding and towels were clean.2. The room was cheap.3. The breakfast buffet was the best on the strip.4. The Duece basically stops right in front of the Casino.5. Nice variety of games including slots, poker and gambling available.6. Loved the half-price ticket booth near the registration desk and the staff there was WONDERFUL!Here are the negatives:1. The room was cheap because it was part of the &quot;manor&quot; rooms, which is 2 blocks _behind_ the casino!2. The bathroom floor had tiny cuts and lacerations in the linoleum. The wallpaper had some discoloration. The bathtub backed up after being in the shower for more than 5 minutes.3. Waiting 2 hours in line for registration is outrageous! Registration opened at 3:00 pm and I came back around 5:00pm. Even if I had come back around 10:00 pm, the line was STILL a 2 hour wait!4. The casino is on the Northern part of the strip. It's so far away from everything else! Since they got rid of the Stardust, there are only 2 casinos nearby - the Riviera (across the street) &amp; Slots o Fun.5. Getting on the Duece was hellish at times. It was always packed with riders going southbound on the strip.6. KIDS KIDS EVERYWHERE KIDS!!!!!!!!! They were running around, without parental supervision, acting like hooligans, and no one is around to make sure they are behaving! They have to walk on the casino floor to get to the Midway Area where the circus acts perform. I was hoping to go into a casino to get AWAY from the children!7. Even though there are 2 pools, trying to get a chair near the pool is impossible. Circus Circus is an older casino and they have tried to make some renovations to update it. You honestly get what you pay for here and if you don't like children, this is _not_ the place for you! I will never stay here again!	
Sep 8 2008 	Don't believe the hype	This is for people like me who have booked Circus Circus and then read the horrible reviews:Stayed from 30/08 to 01/09 which was Labo(u)r Day weekend and so VERY busy. Lots of children so when walking through the hotel go through the gambling areas where they are not allowed.Longish line at check in but didn't take too long. Staff extremely polite and helpful.Stayed in the West tower and the room was perfect.Food is OK. Denny's is just down the road so I would say have breakfast there.There is no doubt that the old girl could do with a lick of paint but if you've saved your money by staying here then go and gamble in the Wynn which is 10-15 minutes walk away. Beautiful hotel. Try the champagne Sunday brunch. You won't want to eat again for a week.All in all a very enjoyable stay. Very difficult to fault.	
Sep 3 2008	BIG DISAPPOINTMENT	My Husband and I stayed here Aug. 29th thru Sep 1st 2008. We were a little deceived by the lobby, which was nice and the shops/restaurants which were also nice. But when it came to the actual rooms, it was a big disappointment. There were cigarette burns on the Bedspread, which you could see was also very old by the visible fading. The first night, we had holes in our Sheets, and the 2nd night, there were tears in our sheets. At least they changed them, but that wasnt saying much. The TV was very small and only had stations with old episodes of TV shows, no premium TV, unless you paid for it. Even a Motel 6, gives you HBO. Aside from the room issues, about  the elevators were down which caused people to have to take the stairs down on our last day. We were on floor 16. My husband also, had gotten his leg caught in one of the elevators when it didnt automatically open when it should sense that someone or something is still in between the doors. A young girl had actually gotten her arm caught the previous day. When told about the problem, the only asked if my husband was hurt but didnt ask which elevator it was, as if they didnt care to fix it. Unless youre looking for Motel quality, I would not recommend anyone staying here. Its actually worth paying a little bit more per night to stay in the middle of the strip at a decent hotel. The shops/restaurants do not compare to the poor quality of the rooms. I WOULD NOT STAY HERE AGAIN!	
Sep 2 2008 	Circus Circus Does Not = Family Friendly	Booked one night on the back end of a long trip to the West, and I've gotta say, other than the room itself being perfectly adequate, I have absolutely nothing positive to say about this hotel.In general, smelled bad, is extraordinarily confusing to get around, even by Vegas standards, limited and relatively poor food selections, and staff that were courteous, but certainly nothing special or helpful.One word of caution. The name and theme are misleading. Like virtually everything else on the Strip, this place is NOT truly family-friendly, unless you're OK with (mildly) provocative circus acts and a truly adult atmosphere. But hey, it's a casino, right? Don't mistake it for a &quot;circus&quot; atmosphere, and you might be fine.Our room was in Circus Circus Manor, closest building to main tower. Room was huge, generally clean, and very comfortable. Took about 20 minutes to walk to Center Strip area (Bellagio, Paris, Bally's, etc....). Parking garage absolutely massive, but in the Manor, you can park right outside your room.Not a place we'd stay again. Stayed at Excalibur earlier on the same trip, and would say it was far superior, despite smaller rooms and same casino-smoky smell.	
Aug 31 2008 	Too far from strip.	We have just returned from Vegas, weather fabulous, sights eye popping, we will go back next year.We stayed at the CIRCUS CIRCUS HOTEL, on advice from our travel agent, we where told that it was a central location to all the activities and attractions.........boy where we mislead.The hotel is at the end of the strip, the wrong end, too far away from the hustle and bustle, we had to pay 20 dollars in a taxi to get to MGM, LUXOR ETC. So most days we paid 60 dollars on taxis alone.The hotel is one of the oldest on the strip, and by the smell, id believe it. The staff where lovely, no complaints there, room was clean and basic, only thing with the room is, to use the safety deposit box, you have to put 50c into it everytime you open it. Got a bit annoying.The pool is tiny, maybe 8ft by 6ft, not good for a hoiday resort.The buffet made us ill, we tried it one day and i was on the loo and he was vomiting, so we gave it a go 2 days later, and we both where on the loo, our taxi driver told us, that most tourists who end up in the hospital are from Circus Circus OMG.I did see approx 2 ambulances daily leaving the hotel.So if its a cheap room you want, go there, if its location, food, sunbathing, shopping, stay in Mandalay, MGM, Ceasers, New york new york or venitian for pure luxury. Also for a fab spa....go to Wynn hotel.	
Aug 30 2008	It's ok...since we are only here for a short time	We've been traveling through the southwest for the past 2 weeks and are ending our vacation here before flying back home. This hotel is definitely on the dowdy side. The clock radio is stuck to the bedstand is totally gutted (like a car up on blocks). The elevator to the pool is almost scary and there is a general beat up feel to the place. However the space for the room and bathroom is generous enough and we got this place for its price and location on the north end of the strip (we're in the Skyrise Tower, 3rd floor, not a great view), If I ever find myself in Las Vegas, I'll try a different casino/hotel for more money.	
Aug 29 2008 	What a tired hotel	We've been here in the past but we couldn't believe it. It really looks worn outWe were in room 29825 thats the 29th floor of the newest tower. The hall carpeting is so worn there is hardly a design left. We were pleased to see this beautiful looking room, but..... little did we know. The mattresses are so soft, you actually slide off the edges, but....The worse part is the bathroom, our sink had such loose faucets, my hubby said he was surprised it didn't blow off. The shower head leaked all directions and we never were able to shut off the water completely.But first of all, when we arrived, I noticed no handtowels so called housekeeping and a gal came up and gave us a pile of washcloths and said they were &quot;all out&quot; of hand towels. Wonder what they did for the pile of people checking in after us. If this was the best tower, imagine what you get in the worst one.We didn't try the restaurents, this is a casino but its probably one of the best stops for kids, cuz they were everywhere, screaming and running and bus loads of tourists with luggage piled everywhere (taking up the lobby and halls) Just general noise and confusion. Not a place for anyone wanting just a &quot;nice&quot; place to stay.	
Aug 22 2008 	circus circus	we were worried about staying here after reading some dodgy reviews but we had an amazing time.check in quick, rooms easy to find, we had booked 3 together and they were all within 5 rooms of each other.our teens absolutely loved it! big rooms, lovely bathroom and clean. it is on the strip, a bit of a walk away from the new york new york end but all the hotel carparks are free so do what we did and drive to that end. it can get a bit hot to walk at times. saying that though treasure island and mirage are nearly next door! make sure you fit in the free shows on at the front of the hotels, the fountains at bellagio are breath taking.would definitely recommend this hotel to families, especially teens. the one thing we did find shocking is the amount of wee little kids up at 2 in the morning. there are some dodgy sights late evening up and down the strip and it felt uncomfortable at times walking around with my 2 teens, they enjoyed it though!don't do what we did and get lost in the venetian! it is like a small city in each of these hotels, we walked in to watch the gondolas and after an hour of walking ended up coming out of another hotel pretty much where we started!!!also make sure you visit the cheesecake factory in caesars palace, fantastic! but beware if you order appetizers as they don't do small portions!!	
Aug 21 2008 	Good for the price	Stayed here for 6nyts earlier in the year &amp; had no problems. Stayed in the tower rooms (not the refurbed one's) &amp; they were fine. We all know that this isn't one of the top hotels on the strip but then you don't pay top prices either. Wasn't the best room I have ever stayed in but was clean enough &amp; plenty of space. Is a bit up the strip but the deuce bus does the job to get around. If I was to go to Vegas again I think i'd pay the little bit extra &amp; stay in the Excalibur. Pretty much the same class of hotel but bit better location. If you're booked at this hotel &amp; are concerned about some of the bad reviews, don't worry. With the amount of miles you walk every day you'd be happy sleeping in a tent in the car park!!!	
Aug 19 2008 	Most Family Friendly Hotel on the Strip	We stayed here for part of our honeymoon and was quite pleased with the atmosphere. We consider it to be the most family friendly hotel on the strip. The room was clean and comfortable. The only problem was the long line waiting to check in.	
Aug 17 2008	O K	Just got back from Vegas a week in Circus 3rd to 10th august.Stayed in Manor Wing expecting horror stories,but it was ok,cleaned every day,nice big beds,ice machine outside.Only ate there once to dear and food not much kop.Hardest part trying to get out of hotel,fat people everywhere,had my grandson with us and he dident go on any of the rides.Took 45 minutes to check in.Wouldent stay here again.	
Aug 16 2008 	STAY ON THE STRIP FOR AN OFF STRIP PRICE!	Went to Vegas for nine days in July - arrived for crazeee July 4th! Having said that checking in was easy and our room was large and clean. The hotel is geared for families and unlike most of the other hotels on the strip there are kids everywhere. During our stay some teenagers moved in to the room next door and were very noisy and quite intimidating - the hotel security and help desk were fantastic we changed rooms within an hour to a quiet and much larger room. Circus Circus may be old and not have the finnesse of the newer resort hotels but it has everything that you need - in fact if you didnt want to leave for a week you really wouldnt have to there are loads of restaurants from fast food to a plush expensive steak house. The pool area is across a walkway behind the hotel and has two good sized pools and a bar and snack bar - good for a chill out - it was 42degrees so we only stayed at poolside for a couple of hours each day. Vegas is just fab and i will DEFINITELY be back!!	
Aug 16 2008 	Best Value On The Strip	Whilst this is easily the best value on the Strip we were anticipating at least a slight drop in standard from other Casino hotels we had stayed, this was not the case.Check-in was a doddle, unlike some the stories we had read, but it took no time at all. Especially a the cark par is so close to the check-in desk.One thing we did regret was not taking a room on one of the higher floors, we were on the 3rd. The receptionist said we would get a better view on the higher floors and we took this to mean a better view of the strip, but as we found out our view was blocked by a wall.On check-in you are given a variety of vouchers eg. two for one at the buffet, free gambling etc. We didn't use them all but the buffet was good, though have a short wait in the queue.The room was of the standard you would expect form the Las Vegas Strip, ample room and comfortable.Lots to do there but we were there only two night we didn't manage to llok at all the attraction on offer. Would have liked to have stayed a bit longer.Good base if you want see the North Strip. Short walk to the Stratasphere Tower, Treasure Island, Venitian. Also not too far from Freemont Street Experience, which is highly recommended, though you will need transport.Only regret is that we didn't stay longer.	
