Nov 11 2009 	Nice Small Hotel with Luxury Suites	We have stayed in the Klondike rooms before which we clean and adequate. During the week, we got the Arizona Charlie Suite this time with our kids, which has a Master bedroom, entry room, living room (about $135); the bathroom was huge with a huge tile shower (you could sit on the bench &amp; not get wet) and a hug spa tub. The tub jets were missing the controller, but it did not bother us. The 2nd bedroom/bathroom joined the suite (which was about $85/night). Both rooms had a coffee maker and refrigerator. The suite had 3 TVs. The security is nice with room cards to activate the elevator and the security officers on bikes in the parking lots. It is a smokey casino, but most are like that in Vegas. It is not a far walk from the parking to the hotel, which is a great plus. They cleaned our room to make it not smell so smokey, since we requested non-smoking; it was pretty good. The King Bed in our room was very comfortable. It was great to have a separate room for our kids. I just wish it had a better pool that was open more often. It was closed when we went, but they said we could go to their companion hotel, the Stratosphere, to swim. We went to the Stratosphere to swim; the pool was cold, but it felt good since it was a hot day. The staff is nice. I took a look at the mini suites and they looked very nice.	
Jul 20 2009 	The WORST hotel I've ever stayed in	Stay away from this awful place. We were kept awake all night long by smoke alarms which were deafening. These alarms went off every hour or so from 2am to 7am. When we tried to call down to the desk to find out what was going on, we were treated very rudely. We had no idea if there was a fire or what was happening and the elevators were not working. If there was a fire, we were near the top floor and did not feel we could evacuate safely. We had ZERO information given to us apart from the message that there was a possible fire and to stay alert. We found out the next morning that it was a false alarm in the casino caused by a smoking cigarette. We literally did not sleep that night, yet when we tried to get a reimbursement the next morning, we were again treated very rudely. The staff could have cared less that we literally spent a sleepless night over a badly handled security concern.The room was old, smelled of cigarettes (even though it was a non smoking room) and was in an unsafe area. Do not stay here - this was the worst hotel I've ever stayed in.	
May 15 2009 	RUN don't walk AWAY FROM THIS PLACE	We stayed at Arizona Charlies Decatur on a Saturday night and paid $126.99 for one of the God awful beds I ever laid down on. The room was huge is the only good thing I can say about the room. The beds were so low to the floor and HARD and I used both pillows on top of each other and that still would not make one decent cheap pillow from Walmart. There were cigarette burns all over the carpet and even on the commode seat and bathtub and this was a non smoking room. This is strictly a locals joint and dark and smokey. Run...don't walk away from this hotel. The casino is small and we found machines to be very tight. The only decent part of the place is the bingo hall which is 24 hours and even losing there was much better than staying in that God awful room. I complained to the front desk about that bed the next day and they could have cared less. We only had to stay for 1 night until our reservation began at another hotel. Everything else was booked because of convention in town I would not recommend this hotel to my worst enemy. I have had better nights rest in a tent.	
Mar 28 2009 	Great for the Money	I'm so tired of hearing people put this hotel down. stayed at Charlie's more than 20 times in the past 10 years, and in addition to it being a great bargain, it's clean, the machine's winning percentage is great, and the employees are friendly. This is a &quot;locals&quot; casino, unlike the strip hotel/casinos. That means it has to be better than the others to stay in business. There is free transportation to the Strip and Downtown casinos all day, every day, so you're not stuck in the suburbs.I read comments about the local casinos being &quot;dangerous&quot;, with strange people hanging around. You think the strip and downtown hotels are safer? You'd be wrong. Charlie's has some of the best trained security officers out there. I know. I worked with them. Yes, it's smoky. ALL the casinos are smoky. The table minimums are cheaper so EVERYONE can play, the food is good and reasonably priced so EVERYONE can eat. I was a local in Vegas for 12 years. Charlie's on Decatur was my favorite, and I tried ALL of the casinos, to include Strip, Downtown, and other local casinos. If you want a good casino at a reasonable price, with clean rooms, friendly staff, and great odds, Arizona Charlies on Decatur is the best bet.	
Mar 15 2009 	Decent smoke shack - Great Bingo - delish restaurant!!	Just returned from a little get away weekend with hubby. It was my idea to stay at this hotel because I love the 24 hour bingo and the Soudough restaurant. The rooms were decent for the price (68.00 including tax) - they weren't very tidy in terms of a noticable hole in the spread on the bed, recent crazy clue spills on the counter in the bathroom and on the nite stands and ( VERY ODD), A LARGE CARMEL STICKY STUFF ON THE WALLS BEHIND THE BED. Decent fridge in the room with the exception it was a little untidy inside. Major issue we had after checking in our rooms and then going down for a couple rounds of bingo and keno - we were locked out of our rooms! Yeah what a major issue since you have to show your room key to get pass security ( great security issue), and then to get back to the room and can't get in but have to go ALL the way back down to registration was a pain in the [-] ( not arizona)! Um.... then our clothes smelled like walking cigarettes. As soon as we got in the house we dropped everything and washed our clothes we had on and those in the suit case. I could barely handle the 3 hour drive back to Los Angeles. Nevertheless, we had a very good time. The bingo is great and pays well for the price. We saw the Temptations at the Orleans( down on decatur left on Flamingo (?). What a great show $55.00 all seats were great. The Sourdough restaurant was very clean and I felt comfortable eating there. Overall a decent stay just would not go back there to stay. YOU PAY FOR WHAT YOU GET. I am not one of those people that complain about my stay and or room and my house look like she-it. Not us!!	
Jan 8 2009 	Could be OK if they were honest.	We didn't stay there, but our family did go eat in their restaurant. They advertise one price on a big sign in front of the restaurant at the top of escalator, then there is another sign that you can't see without looking for it with a much higher price. Of course I went to the cashier and signed my credit card receipt w/o looking at the total, just assuming that I was paying the price on the very obvious sign. Later on I glanced at the receipt and wondered why I paid almost twice as much. I was then pointed to a difficult to read, handwritten sign stating the &quot;Sunday&quot; price shown in small print. This was an obvious bait and switch. The food was OK, but the switch on the price was desperate and the workers and &quot;managers&quot; were rude. Save your time. Save your money. When businesses have to resort to these kinds of tactics to get your business, they are just insulting you and taking advantage of you. There are better places to go where establishments will be honest and you won't have to get sucked in to a bait and switch.	
Apr 16 2008	Very basic clean off of the Strip	Large room. Clean, comfortable, quiet. The only amenity was free parking--it's Vegas so what do you expect? When it advertised internet access I mistakenly thought that meant wireless. No. You have to unplug your room phone, plug in the phone cord to your laptop and dial up to your internet provider. What? Who has dial up internet anymore?! Luckily, just down the street is a McDonald's and a Starbuck's who each offer (for a nominal fee) wireless internet access. I didn't find the front desk staff friendly, but the housekeeping staff were always very friendly and nice.The bed was comfortable. Linens and towels were of mid-range quality. I was just stopping over in Vegas (not staying to gamble) so I can't comment on the in-house casino, but this hotel did advertise a shuttle to the Strip every 20 minutes.I heard other guests comments positively on the in-house buffet, but I didn't try it. There's also a Subway in the casino too.	
Mar 29 2008 	A tad far from the strip but nice	Arizona Charlie's was recommended by my uncle and my mom as this was my first Vegas trip.Room - basic stuff, TV, alarm clock, iron, and ironing board. 2 Queen sized beds.Check in/out - nice and easy. Staff was very helpfullGambling - slots way tightFood - don't eat the buffett, eat at the Sourdough Cafe instead.Location - way off strip. Cab fares will be a problemThis place is located about 4 miles from the strip, so the cab fares will be a problem. $15 to downtown and the top of the strip (each way). No shuttle service. $30 to the airport. Mainly a locals place, you will need to watch out for the seasond citizens (seniors) when/if you go to the buffett. Food at the buffett was cold. I had a breakfast and a dinner there and both were very bad. The Sourdough Cafe was not bad. $3.29 for breakfast (ham, 2 eggs, and hashbrowns). Dinners were also ok. For the price its a ok place to go. However, there are better values out there to be had.	
Feb 17 2008 	honey I booked a room at the dump!	The price seemed good, and the location was close to friends. Where it went wrong, well, when we walked into our nonsmoking room, it reeked of smoke. No problem, get a new room. The new room featured the world's noisiest bathroom fan, which was attached to the light switch. No noise meant no light. The next day, the fan blade flew off the fan, and shot into my shaving kit. I pushed the bed against the headboard, only to find a pile of sunflower seeds on the floor. And finally, on the last day, we noticed a bunch of red stains on the lamp shade by the tv. We're hoping it was fruit juice.Apparently Arizona Charlie's bought the property a year and a half ago. Too bad they haven't put much money into the joint.	
Aug 24 2007 	To far from the action	Biggest complaint we had about our stay here was no cab service to the strip! Casino and hotel were far from the strip,so naturally cabs don't want to waste time coming this far out for fares. We used the lobby phone to request a cab and waited in the heat for an hour before the first cab showed up. But it belonged to someone who had been waiting even longer!!	
Jul 30 2007 	Not for the young	Visiting family in North L.V., just wanted a place close to stay and that was all we really got. We usually stay on the Strip so I expected simple but it was old, and smelly. Not at all for families with kids. What I liked:  the a/c worked good it was cheap $71.00 @ nightwhat I didn't like:*non-smoking floor and room; a pack of cigs found under the bed, then when unpacking at home ALL our clothes smelled of cigs.*the pillows had the faint smell of sweaty baseball cap*too small pool *tv only got 5 channels (we have a child)I will pay the extra $$ and stay somewhere else next visit.	
Jul 5 2007 	2nd Time....Great As Well	This was our second stay here at Arizona Charlies. We rented a suite for 2 nights (our wedding night &amp; one extra). Check in was a little later then we were told (only by 1/2 hour) and the only reason that was a downside was we had a weding in 4 hours. The rooms are always clean and housekeeping does a great job cleaning them. Yes the hotel is off the strip, but it is only a 10-20 minute drive. Well, 10-20 minutes if you drive Decatur to one of the main streets (Tropicana, Flamingo, Sahara) and then follow those to the strip.I played the casino more this time, and it ended up paying for everything that I did while up in Vegas, I spent about $200 on activities and won it all back. Until my last day when the new wife was sleeping, and I was bored.The dealers were good, and very helpful. I learned how to play Pai Gow Poker here and they showed me how to set my hands for the best odds when I didn't know what to do. The only thing that I didn't like was I had to hunt down a slot technician when my ticket got stuck in the machine. However when I found one, they quickly came over, removed it, and I was on my way.It is a locals casino, so some of the people do seem a little seedy, but I have never felt unsafe. I mean, to even get to your room in the tower, you must show a room key and they test it as well. The elevator is programmed that only those who have keys to suites may access that floor.The food is good, and always cheap. I mean a 3/4 lb burger &amp; fries for $2.99 is a great deal. Overall, we will continue to stay here as it has never done us wrong in any major way.	
Jun 24 2007 	It Was Adequate.	My stay at ACD was good. Too far away from the strip if you don't drive. Since the casino is in the hotel you dont know who belongs there or not and some people looked scary to me and I wouldnt get on the elevator with them. The room was clean. Good for the price.	
Apr 28 2007	Great Time	Stayed at ACD from April 22 - 27, 2007 to celebrate my birthday. This was my first time staying there. The room was clean and the bathroom was roomy. Everything worked. The staff was courteous. I only spent $214 including tax for the room which I thought was a deal. I had so much fun. Now here's the part that was not tasty to me . . . The casino smoke was horrific, I'm from Los Angeles and have not been exposed to second hand smoke for some time now. Although the smoke did not stop me from playing on the slots. But the hotel is 19 years old and they try to have a few non-smoking areas. Regardless, it is what it is. Oh also security was great. We stayed on the first level and you need a key card to enter the hallway to get to your room. If you stay in the towers, you have to show i.d. to go to your rooms. I felt pretty safe. I will go back again next year. It is not that close to the strip. I drove to Vegas and could not imagine having to take a taxi or bus to get to strip and other shopping outlets.	
Apr 27 2007 	Fine - very good value	This a good hotel if all you need is a room and basic facilities - for the price we paid for a room to sleep our family of four fresh in from a 10 hour flight it was ideal. Room was clean and did the job. Short walk to a nearby shopping area and plenty of main chain restaurants - Subway inside the casino if you need a quick feed.We didn't try the casino or pool so can't comment on these.	
Jan 11 2007 	Enjoyed it	Liked it!--- we stayed in Jun of 06 and the pool was get early any one else used it. The food was great . The 2.99 specials were very filling, the staff was friendly and helpful. The room was a double queen not a suite or a deluxe and it was cleaned and stocked some stains on carpet but it is a hotel. We has a 2day stay and we are going back to Vegas this week we are going to stay at the stratosphere because it is owned by the same company and in the same chain. but I plan on visiting Charlie's for the 2.99 special Downside a bit smokey	
Nov 26 2006 	More than adequate	This hotel offers clean comfortable basic rooms. There is nothing fancy about this hotel but if you are on the run in Vegas this will suit you basic accommodation needs. The main negative feature about this hotel is the location. You will need a car to get to the strip from this hotel, however, it is only a five to ten minute drive. It is also handy to a large shopping centre as well as one of the outlet malls.	
Oct 2 2006 	Uncomfortable	This was not a bad hotel. It could be a good hotel if they would just make a couple changes. The location is far from prime, however the hotel is located just a few blocks from the interstate, making it possible to reach either the strip or downtown in a matter of minutes. The rooms are clean, the staff is helpful, at least when they take the time to pull themselves away from discussing children and boyfriends with their own friends so as to assist you with getting yourself checked into the hotel. I only had two real issues with this hotel. The first was that the rooms lacked an alarm clock. These cannot be that expensive and I just thought it was very shady that a basic one was not included with the room. My second issue was with the beds. They are rock hard. I believe the 1/8&quot; thick sleeping pad I use for camping has more give than these beds. If you like a hard bed and don't mind a bare bones hotel, then you will be right at home here, otherwise I would suggest looking elsewhere.	
Sep 7 2006 	Not Bad At All	My husband and I stayed at Arizona Charlies over the Labor Day Weekend. Check-in was fast, the room was very nice and clean and the first nite, the slots paid off very well. Waitresses came around a lot. Overall, that part of the stay was excellent. The only disappointment was the Subway Restaurant. They were rude, didn't have any food but hot dogs, and treated you like they didn't want you there.	
Jul 20 2006 	It was nice	We stayed at AZ Charlies originally for the convience. Our daughter &amp; family live within walking distance. Rooms were nice. Bed was comfortable. our room was in walking distance to the pool which our grandson enjoyed. I think there could have been more a selection of slots. The buffet was ok but that also needed more choices. I'm not sure if we would stay there again, there are to many hotels to experience	
Apr 24 2006	Pleasantly Surprised	We found a room at AZ Charlies when it seemed every hotel was sold out in Las Vegas. It's a small &quot;locals&quot; casino and off the strip, but with a rental car it was really no problem getting around. Our room was average, but since we were expecting worse, it seemed great to us! Security checked our room keys before getting to the elevator and security on bikes patrolled the parking lot. We felt very safe and the stay was a good value, even with our 3 kids. Had really good breakfast the next morning at the cafe, definitely the least expensive meal of our entire trip as we left for Grand Canyon the next day and then on to the strip hotels.	
Jan 26 2006	Pleasantly Surprised	My husband and I just returned from a four-night 5-day trip to Las Vegas. The first two nights we decided to stay at Arizona Charlie's Decatur. I was very nervous about staying there due to the previous reviews that I have read. I was pleasantly surprised and really enjoyed my stay. The deciding reason for booking was the price. Tripres had rates of $60 for Saturday stay and $24 for Sunday. The valet parking was great and the check in was hassle free. The room was large, the bathroom was a pretty good size and most of all they both were very clean. Housekeeping was better than I was expecting. The king size bed was actually very comfortable. The TV seemed to be quite new but only could get about 5 stations. I read comments of the walls being so thin that you could hear the people in the room next to you. We did not have that problem. The hotel staff was always friendly and helpful. The casino is small but the dealers and pit staff were wonderful. Ate at the buffet and the café and the food was quite good and very reasonably priced. We have stayed at AZ on Boulder Hwy before but prefer the Decatur location due to the hotel is connected to the casino. In my opinion this is a great place for the Las Vegas traveler that has a car, has visited many times and is not worried about staying on or very near the strip. I will recommend AZD and we will definitely stay there in the future.	
Dec 13 2005 	Great Value!!!	We stayed at Arizona Charlie's for two nights and the only problem we had was with the TV remote. Not a &quot;real&quot; problem though, because we aren't big on watching TV anyway. Our room was clean and very large for a standard room! I read a lot of reviews of a lot of different hotels and I found &quot;some&quot; people will complain no matter where they stay. I even read one review that stated the Hilton was a dump! Okay, I guess you can't please all the people all of the time. I guess the quality of a room depends on what you're looking for. We were looking for a clean room, good value, and the standard basics of a good hotel with a restaurant. Arizona Charlie's exceeded what we were looking for! We had our own car so location wasn't a factor for us. Since we were in Las Vegas for an event at the Silverton (they were full for the nights we were in Vegas) we were doomed to drive no matter where we stayed. We were a short hop from the freeway so getting to the Silverton was a breeze. The strip was busy whether we came from the direction of the Silverton or the direction of Arizona Charlie's. The fact is, Vegas is a busy place and driving down the strip is going to take a while. Relax and enjoy the view!I didn't see any &quot;tar&quot; hanging off the vents in our room or in the casino, and I looked because of a couple of reviews I read. It would appear they cleaned that up. I agree that the food was excellent! For breakfast we had steak and eggs, cooked to perfection and it only cost 2.99! It was far more food then I could finish! My husband signed up for their club card while I was playing a slot machine. He came over and put his card in my machine and we ended up getting a free buffet (reaching 50 points on the card) from the dollar I put in the slot machine! While we ate at the buffet we played Keno because the fortune cookie I got had some &quot;lucky numbers&quot; printed on the message inside. It won enough to pay for our Keno playing while eating! lol. All in all, the buffet food was pretty good. Naturally, the best part of a buffet is that you can always get something else to eat if you don't like your first pick. For me, the Prime Rib was undercooked, but that's just my own taste. My own fault for not paying attention. Parking was GREAT! We got lucky everytime we parked at the hotel and got a space near the door. There is parking on both sides of the hotel/casino so we opted for the side nearest our room. I wonder if others are aware of BOTH parking lots? It could make a difference between writing a good or bad review about walking distance to their room. We didn't have any problems with the heating unit in our room, the hot water, toilet or noise from another room. The staff was friendly and always seemed to be very happy! We only paid $21.00 per night for the room, so what more could we ask for???!!! I will be staying there again!	
Jul 11 2005	excellent breakfast - shame about the hotel	Stayed here with a tour group - had to suffer a fire alert with the entire group of school kids being evacuated at 12am- no-one else left the building. It was only by chance that I caught a member of staff who stated that it was the fog machine that had set off the alert otherwise the kids would still be waiting in the car park. Then one group had locked themselves out in their efforts to escape the 'burning building.' Staff at reception were NOT helpful in sending someone to open their door, but insisted that one of our party got dressed, marched through the casino and waited in line to get a new key. Altogher an unsavoury experience. Breakfast on the upside was excellent - especially the customised omelettes!	
Jul 11 2005 	Can't beat the price for the room and board	So you want somewhere to stay where you don't need to fork over $100 a night and pay $10 to $20 per meal, then this is the place to go. Not only are the prices very low, but the food was quite good and the room was better than expected. The non smoking area was great and the smell was no where near our room. I've stayed at other Las Vegas hotels and casino, some more expensive, some around the same price, and this one had great value for the money. I am staying there again because I have an extended trip and because I can save the extra $100 a night on the room to spend out on the town of sin city. Besides, most of the action happens outside the hotel room.	
Apr 30 2005	Perfectly Adequate with Bang for the Buck	Other reviewers seem to expect the Bellagio for a Motel-6 cost, one even citing that NASCAR weekend cost $130/nt or more at this property; surprise!--the Super 8 was charging $160 that weekend. But I digress! Charlie's IS a $30-80 hotel and my expectations were met. I was allowed an early check-in (10am) and the room was fine. Upon that early check-in, I was advised that carpet was being installed on the 3rd floor, below my intended 4th floor digs, and they told me betw which hours the installers would be working and pounding away. I declined, opting out of the tower for the other building with the staff gracious and accommodating. The bathroom didn't have an overflowing basket of toiletries (it was minimalist) but I never forget to bring my own. There was an iron/board in-room, and although the TV was smallish, there were more than 6 clear channels albeit no HBO or Showtime--again, acceptable for my 30 clams. Yes, it's away from The Strip and Downtown, part of it's charm. And casino complainers should wonder why locals *flock* to gamble here: the machines pay. I didn't dine upscale in the Yukon Grille but the food in the Sourdough Cafe is as wonderful as it is abundant, with terrific gamblers' specials, e.g. $2.99 for an 8-oz burger and fries, additional soup/side salad for 99-cents. Steak 'n eggs is also bang-up priced and verrry popular. I don't do buffets but would probably go upsclae to one of the more bally-hooed buffets on the Strip if I did...Not cuz Charlie's may or may not be good, but that I want 1st-rate if I'm gonna walk to a steamtable line to get fed. Don't play keno if you wanna just sit and drink, though: there's a goofy policy that one has to have a $10 keno ticket in-hand to get a coupon from the keno writer before they'll serve you a drink. Then, the drink I got from the bar nearest the keno lounge had a bartender whose notoriety is for pouring &quot;light.&quot; In reality, he had *omitted* the Irish whisky from my Irish coffee. I complained. Both complaints, voiced politely, were welcomed and resolution was IMMEDIATE. I complained of the irony that PENNY SLOTS were 10-feet from my keno chair, that $1 in those mahchines would get me a cocktail if I merely sat THERE watching the keno board. If you want the glitz of The Strip, pay for it and go there. Rather paying $300/nt at the Mandalay, I'd rather pay $30 at Charlies and put the other $270 in my gaming budget! Submitting a trashy review for this LV hotel or any other because of one's bad gaming luck or skill is absurd; don't gamble, lose and besmirch the innkeeper. It's local flavor, fair gaming, and a square deal for what one pays for being away from it all. Bad thinking on the keno drink policy is the only reason Charlie's didn't get my fifth little circle, which I'll address in a letter to their G.M., as, I love keno without fumbling for a coupon when I want coffee or a CocaCola (I'm not a big drinker). Arizona Charlie's, aka &quot;Chuck's&quot; to some of the locals, is a good deal and great fun: local flavor with low stakes if you seek them, good food, rooms priced at value, and a terrific staff.	
Apr 22 2005	Sorry you're stuck here	My husband and I were part of a group attending a trade show in Vegas. We made and paid for reservations through a local travel agent and MLT Vacations for airfare and rooms at the Flamingo at the end of November, 2004. Three days before we were to leave on our trip, we were notified that we were being bumped to a place called Arizona Charlies. We were told what a wonderful deal we were getting--the Flamingo was comping our rooms, vouchers for buffets, taxi vouchers, and four free nights at the Flamingo. They neglected to mention that Arizona Charlies was a dump; it is nearly impossible to get a taxi from Arizona Charlies; and our &quot;free&quot; nights had to be used within the next year. Needless to say, we won&quot;t be using them!	
Mar 25 2005	Stay away....	I stayed at this place in March 2005, only because it was the only place with a vacancy during busy nascar weekend! Let me start off by saying that the their website pictures looked a lot better than the place actually did in reality. When you walk in, you're greeted with a gust of smoke and must. Check in was a breeze. The room itself was not what we thought it would be....the ceiling had a large brownish wate stain, the tv only got like 4 channels and were not even CLEAR, they were full of static. The remote didn't work, the carpet looked like it had been trampled over a million times. The shower didn't look that clean, and ALL weekend long I could hear the toilet flush....whenever anyone else in the rooms above us, beside us, etc...would flush their toilet, our toilet would flush! It was truly ghetto! I didn't feel like I was in a clean place, but we had no choice but to stay there since there was no other vacancies! I expected this place to be decent for the rate we got, but it was TOTALLY OVER PRICED!! They charged us $120 per night....how dare them, it's worth more like $30 a night! I nrver felt clean...I had to constantly use purell, because everything I touched in the room felt filthy! Gross!Their slot machines were the crappiest machines ever! Never paid...the only good thing is that the tables had low limits. Beware of locals....we came across a couple of characters that were quite strange but provided us with some comic relief...we weren't laughing with him, we were laughing at him! HAHA FINAL NOTE: STAY AWAY...I would never stay at this place ever again! It's totally not worth it!	
Nov 17 2004	Just Don't Do it if you have an extra 20 dollars!	I arrived at Arizona Charlies Decator tired from a long trip. I have to admit, from the outside, I thought I got an incredible deal on a hotel room. (Which I did actually, 18 dollars!) First though, I had to figure out where to park. No Where! You more or less HAVE to use the Valet, or you don't get to park. My only real complaint about this, is that if you don't plan on spending extra money on tips, this is very inconvenient. So anyway, back to the hotel... I walk through the front door, and am literally wafted with more cigarette smoke than I have ever experienced in my life. You could literally see the tar hanging on the air ducts and smell it everywhere, including my &quot;no smoking&quot; room and all areas... restaurants, etc. I could tell right away that this was more of a &quot;local&quot; spot. In other words, the casino was full of local folks in their work clothes... ALL of them with cigarettes hanging from their mouths. (I used to smoke, so I'm NOT an anti-smoking freak... but I can't stand inconsiderate smokers one bit!) Check in was quick, but did not offer the professionalism I've been used to at the &quot;Strip&quot; hotels I usually stay in. The room was adequate and clean, and the bed was okay. The TV sucked. All of 15 inches and ONLY SIX CHANNELS to choose from! This did not make me want to gamble (which is what they hope) it just MADE ME VERY ANGRY. This day and age, there is no reason not to have more channels available, and have a bigger screen with a TV that has options like sleep, etc. After loosing my arse on some of the most TIGHT slots I've ever played in Vegas, I thought I would try the buffet. HUGE mistake. Folks, if a buffet it only 7.99, please realize what you will get! A bunch of JUNK. YUCK. I would rather they charge me an extra 5 dollars and have more variety, and fresh good food. I will NEVER do that again, believe me. So, without going on and on about this more, I will sum it up this way: If you don't mind the stench of cigarettes, Arizona Charlies can provide you a &quot;cheap bed&quot; while you stay in Vegas. If it were me though, and you are staying in Vegas on a weeknight (Sun - Thurs) I would pay the extra 20 to 30 dollars and stay in a &quot;well filtered&quot; Hotel on the strip that offers amenities and better security.	
Nov 15 2004	OK- but won't stay here again	Stayed here for one night. The buffet was excellent. The gambling was good. They had tons of video poker for me, and a michine my wife loves. The traffic on decatur was brutally slow, making a trip over to circus circus take about 40 minutes to go 5 miles. The main problem was, we were woken up by walking in the room above us. I think it was the maid because there was lots of walking. I have never heard that in any room I have ever stayed in. Might go back to play or eat, but there is no way I could stay there again.	
Oct 24 2004	Delicious Food Cute Room Decor	This hotel has delicious down-home cooking in its main restaurant, with terrific prices and extra-large servings, as well. I'll be returning for sure, if for no other reason than to sample other dishes that I didn't have time to try. I also very much enjoyed the cute, southwestern-themed room decor. Another plus was the ease of entering and exiting. The valet parking was next to the front door, which was next to the check-in desk, which wasn't far from the elevators. After making long treks in other hotels, this seemed quite efficient. Personally, I had no problem with the elevators or the hot water. I did hear noise from other rooms, but no more so than at other hotels. As another reviewer noted, the casino area is quite smoky, plus seems crowded. However, this hotel is located away from the traffic jams of the strip, has good freeway access, and is located near a major mall.	
Sep 26 2004	disgusting	Ended up here because we couldn't find another place to stay. What a mistake. I would have rather camped in the back of my truck. The carpet looked like it came out of a fraternity house beer room, the place smelled, the walls are paper thin, and I can't think of decor that could be less charming. Further, the staff couldn't have cared less about anything. How depressing.	
Jul 20 2004	Once a year	My husband and I travel once a year to Las Vegas and decided to try staying off the Strip. We had a great room/suite close to the pool. We enjoy relaxing by a pool after a long night of gambling. However, the condition of the pool was pretty bad. It hadn't been cleaned in a while. I wouldn't go swimming, but my husband did, and he even said he wished he hadn't. His swimsuit crunched after it dried. But, aside from that, the food was good and the staff was nice. The video poker machines were not kind, at least, not to us. Glad we had a rental car :)	
May 27 2004	Excellent!	The very first place I stayed on my first trip to Vegas. The standard room is huge with southwestern style decor. The slots paid very well...won $400 on two separate penny machines within 2 hours. Friendly, local clientele and good staff. Will definitely be back.	
Feb 19 2004	A terribly run place	We recently stayed here for 4 nights (Feb '04). We would have left after the first night, but our reservation was prepaid and nonrefundable (big mistake). The room smelled of too much air freshener, like they were trying to cover something up. We had asked for a non-smoking room, but ours was not labeled as such (while many other rooms were). When we inquired about it and the smell, they said our room was also non-smoking (right...), and that nothing else was available. The heater-A/C unit under the window rattled, and you could see that a previous guest had tried to stop the noise by jamming some paper into the metal grating. We had to put some heavy items on top of the unit to lessen the noise. That evening the shower ran lukewarm and cold. When that happened again the next morning, we immediately called to complain. The maintenance man checked it out (after we had it running for 20 min), and said it seemed fine, and that we just needed to run it for a couple of minutes first. The next morning we ran it full blast for 15 minutes before it was hot, which is absurd anywhere, let alone in the middle of a water-scarce desert. The soda machine on our floor was completely out of stock. The phone in our room was missing the plate with dialing information and instructions, so we had to keep dialing 0 to reach anyone, and the operator was annoyed. There was no coffee maker in the room, and no coffee was available without going to a restaurant or to the in-house Subway counter, where there were grounds in every pot. One afternoon, both elevators to our floor were out of order, and we were told we could not use the stairs as they were for emergencies only. So they expected us to just wait (we found the stairs on our own). The pool was closed for the season, and the jacuzzi was only open on weekends! To top it off, our credit card company alerted us after we got home that the hotel was trying to put through an unauthorized charge of $50. We settled up on check-out, so we have no idea what that was about. In there defense, I will say that with a few exceptions the staff was very nice. They also gave us a different room after two nights, and it was much better. But this place is in a bad location, has a cheesy smoke-filled casino, and offers nothing besides a good breakfast buffet, for which you don't have to endure an overnite stay.	
