Nov 12 2009 	Disappointed	We have stayed in a lot of Best Western Hotels and this was probably the worst. We were given a room behind the kitchen and the banging and dropping started at 6a.m. That was not good as we were staying out late.. There saving energy system was bad as we could not get the air condintioning to work and we got a dribble of water from the shower head. We were told they had an hourly bus to the strip and that was not true. So we did figure out public transportation but they have not information on that. We would not stay there again.	
Oct 27 2009 	Small rooms with fleas	We stayed at this hotel a few years ago and it was nice. This time however is was horrible. We asked for a room on the first floor because we had a flight at 5:00 am and didnt want to disturb other guests. We were given a room on the 3rd floor and as far from the elevator as you can get. We had already waited 1 hour past the check in time and they said it would be another hour until a room would be ready. So we stayed , we were unable to sleep all night for the ice machine was right next to our room and made ice all night. To top it off my wife was bitten by fleas or something on neck and shoulders. Then on check out they over charged us and have yet to respond to us about it.	
Sep 29 2009 	Wonderfull Stay	Hotel was nice although minor improvements can be done. staff was very helpfull to our needs. Price was excellent..	
Sep 21 2009 	Clean room. Bring your own pillows.	Close and convenient to airport, and hotel offers free shuttle service.Basic breakfast - bread, mini muffins, cereal, plain oatmeal, hot waffles, coffee, tea, juice.6 1/2&quot; high decorative pillows look nice, but uncomfortable. Could not get replacement pillows from front desk as housekeeping was closed at 10pm. Stuffed some towels in the pillowcase.Room was nicely decorated and clean.	
Sep 2 2009 	Probably would have been better if it hadn't been for room location	I booked this room with an employee rate so I'm not sure what the regular rate would be. Stayed in a room with a king bed. Room was clean and had the basics. There was a minor maintenance issue with one of the outlets being loose so that any cord that was plugged in it would fall out. Was kind of inconvenient. The only major gripe I had was that I was placed in a room right next to the housekeeping/breakfast storage room. Early in the morning, I was awakened to rather loud clanking and banging of breakfast items being either cleared away or put out, I'm not sure. And it was LOUD. I think I heard someone else go to the front desk and complain about it. Why you would put a room there is beyond me. Other than that, my stay was satisfactory. The staff was okay- they weren't overly friendly but I gues they did their job. The location was pretty close to the Strip. If you have a car-great, if not, then it might be kind of a walk.	
Aug 4 2009 	Would Stay Again ... And Probably Get Better Service Next Time	We chose this hotel because we were transiting Las Vegas overnight and it was so close to the airport (5 mins by Best Western hotel shuttle). This is basically a budget hotel that serves its purpose and is reasonable value. The reception and other areas of the hotel are quite tired looking but the rooms appear to have been recently renovated and were comfortable, clean and quiet and had all the expected facilities. Breakfast was quite good for a budget hotel. Our only complaint is that the service of the check-in staff when we arrived at 11pm was poor and unresponsive - for example, our access card did not work for 30 mins after check-in but the staff were very slow in trying to resolve this. Overall though, we would stay here again.	
Jul 28 2009	Feels like home	We had to go travel to Las Vegas on the spare of the moment to visit a sick relative. After reading lots of reviews from pass customers I chose Best Western McCarran Inn and was not disappointed. The room was very clean and staff very friendly and helpful. There was a problem with their internet system...too slow...however, I must say the reviews were not wrong about the great breakfast waiting for us in the morning. Overall, I would not hesitate to stay there again.	
Jun 29 2009 	pretty quiet near airport	We stayed here one night before catching an early flight out of Veags. The room was your average hotel room. It was clean and the bed linens were nice. For being so close to the airport I thought it was quiet. I didn't hear any planes, just some people/doors in the hallway a few times. The man at the desk was very nice and even offered to print our boarding passes for us. I would stay here again for the value.	
May 26 2009 	Service Location Convienence at a moderate price.	Staff is knowledgeable, enthusiastic and willing to assist with all your needs. Rooms are clean and well presented, simple yet roomy. Hotel is quaint and friendly.	
May 13 2009 	Convenient Location - Nothing bad to say	We arrived on a late flight and were really happy to have chosen this place as our first stay. It's close to the airport, it's clean, it's cheap ($70 in Vegas), there's even breakfast. I honestly have nothing bad to say. We weren't disturbed by any noises. Ok, this isn't a romantic place, but very good price versus quality. Make sure to reserve in advance, this place was fully booked.	
May 7 2009 	After stay service... TERRIBLE!!!	Left 2 sport jackets and 4 shirts (on top of the jackets) on the bed in my room (my error). Called hotel upon arriving home, and lady said we found both the jackets and shirts. She promised to send articles to me via FedEx...However I only received jackets... no shirts. Called about missing shirts and received nothing but a lot of rhetoric about how honest the housekeeping people were and was told that the housekeeper only found the jackets. I asked the lady how they could have possible only found the jackets and not the shirts since the shirts were on top of the jackets. More token rhetoric with no results.If you make the error of staying at the Best Western McCarran, be sure to watch your valuables and whatever you do..... DON'T LEAVE ANYTHING BEHIND!!!	
Mar 21 2009 	I couldn't recommend this hotel	We stayed here for one night because we had an early flight out of Vegas and wanted to be near the airport. What we failed to realise is that the bottom end of the Strip is near the airport, there's no need to stay at an 'airport hotel'. The room was nice enough, but the ice machine in the hallway was clearly audible all night, as was a loud buzzing from the hotel sign in the parking lot. For the rate, it was not good value and I couldn't recommend it.	
Mar 10 2009 	Personable genuine helpful prompt attentive	Catherine, April and Mike were probably the most personable, genuine staff members I have had the pleasure to do business with while staying at a hotel on business. Vibrations were not that vague, shallow politeness you so often feel from staff members at other hotels. Staff members who has seen to many guests come and go and have become callous and indifferent. Not here at this Best Western. These people showed real interest in a conversation and all were intune to the most sutble of humor( they laughed at my jokes). To misqoute the great Ed Sullivan when talking about Elvis, &quot; These are nice kids&quot;. And the rooms and breakfast were nice too:)	
Feb 12 2009 	Great Location for fly out of Mc Carran	Clean and great staff. some noise from airport but not real bad. not far from strip. would stay again.	
Feb 1 2009 	Basic hotel just off the Strip	Our hearts sank when we entered the lobby which is rather gloomy, but to be fair, our room was good, clean with a king size bed. It had all the amenities we needed and expected. Bed was very good. We slept very comfortably. You do get aircraft noise and also we were at the back of the hotel where there is a bus depot. A couple of times we heard buses reversing. Overall, though, it was an ok hotel which was cheaper than staying on the strip. They do a shuttle to the strip and the airport. We had a car so did not use this. There are public transport buses that run down Tropicana Avenue that you can also use.Breakfast was included so we had this a couple of times (bagels to toast and waffles to make) but generally we just got a cup of tea and went out to the breakfast buffets at the big hotels on the strip. I would consider this hotel again, but if we did not have a car, it is probably worth paying extra to stay in one of the strip hotels. That way you are not reliant on waiting for public transport or the shuttle.	
Jan 3 2009 	Good for family - Accessible Indian Restaurent	Staff was cooperative.Breakfast is good &amp; sufficient.Very near to airport. Very near to las vegas public transport, Bus number 108. This bus goes to airport, Statosphere, India Palace on E Twain ave.Good for family.I got it for $55/pd on AAA.Shuttle service to MGM grand is good.Wireless internet connection was also good, also they have one computer in lobby.Cons - Hotel Shuttle from airport is not avaibale after 11 am till afternoon some time. Out flight reached at 12 noon, so we have to pay for airport shuttle. This is not mentoned on BW website.Another option from airport is take bus 108, buy a day pass for 5$. Get down at Tropicana St. and walk towards Paradise rd for 5 mins. This is a cheaper option. This bus pass can be used for any bus route in las vegas.  If you want to go to India Palace Restaurent, catch Bus 108 on Swenson St and get down at E Twain Ave and walk 5 min towards paradise rd. You will find India Palace on left side. Overall satisfied with Hotel.	
Dec 25 2008 	Comfortable but noisy	My husband and I spent one night here on arrival in Las Vegas. I chose the hotel because it was close to the airport and offered a courtesy shuttle. Our flight was 2-1/2 hours late arriving, so I was a little worried that the shuttle might no longer be available, but apparently it runs till quite late in the evening. We waited about 20 minutes for it to arrive at the airport; the ride to the hotel takes only 5-10 minutes.There is no restaurant in the hotel, and there doesn't seem to be anything within easy walking distance, but there is an order-in service. Menus are provided in the room. We didn't try this, but we did have the breakfast included in the room rate. It's all self-service, with pre-prepared items like waffle batter from a dispenser and partially cooked french toast waiting to be toasted, along with staples like cereal, bread and pastries. It's an okay start to the day that would be better if it didn't involve so much styrofoam. Time to switch to something more environmentally responsible.The bed was comfortable, as were the pillows, but we were woken early by departing aircraft. Our room turned out to be very close to the end of the runway. Given that the hotel appeared relatively unoccupied, I can't understand why the front desk would give anyone a room so close to the runway. Clearly, there are other rooms quite a bit further away, so if you consider staying here, be sure to ask for a quiet room. We passed through Las Vegas a week later at the end of our vacation and spent the night at the Candlewood Suites, just a couple of blocks along Paradise, and we heard no aircraft at all, so perhaps the Best Western just doesn't have much soundproofing.	
Dec 9 2008 	Absolute worst stay since 2006.	1. Keycards wouldn't work. Not one set, not two sets, not three sets. Not if I tried them, not if any of four employees tried them. But master keycards worked. No employee believed me about keys until they tried them, and once they didn't work for them they passed me off to another employee.2. No offer of another room. Dark, dingy halls and entry area.3. Didn't tell me air conditioner needed WORKING keycard to operate. Room hot.4. No screen on window on a first floor room. Window hidden from view by brick wall, so anyone hiding there wouldn't be seen. Great for sleeping soundly.5. Very nicely furnished room.6. Jets overhead every minute or so for nearly four hours. And I mean only a few hundred feet above the room.7. Worst of all, I chose this hotel because I stayed here years ago. Before the airport changed the takeoff pattern. What a mistake.	
Nov 29 2008 	Waited an hour for the airport shuttle pool wasn't heated	We had to wait almost an hour at the airport for the shuttle, even though the hotel is only 5 mins from the airport. They told us it would only take 20 mins for the shuttle to arrive. Had we known it was going to be an hour, we would have taken a taxi. We could have walked the distance in much less time!When we complained about the wait, the front desk didn't care about the delay nor was a manager available.Also, being from Canada, we weren't worried about an outdoor pool in November, as long as it was heated. Unfortunately, it is definately not heated and is very, very cold. Don't plan on using it except in summer. I mentioned this at the front desk and they said it was heated, but refused to come and feel the water or measure the temperature - it was very, very cold and definately not heated.Finally, the phone in our room didn't work, so they offered to change the room, but it wasn't worth the hassle.	
Oct 21 2008	Very nice	We stayed here on the night we arrived in Vegas and another night the day we left the States two weeks later. Both experiences were fine. The staff here is very friendly (even in the early hours of the morning!)The breakfast was a nice standard hotel breakfast and included a waffle maker, which was a nice touch although I didn't have one. Juices, coffees, fruit, bread for toasting, a few cereal options.Our first night was on the side facing away from the airport and facing the pool. Toiletries, which the hotel website doesn't mention, lovely fanned out towels and flannels (I'm impressed by little attentions to detail like that - they don't have to, but it makes a difference). We heard no planes.The second night we were on the airport facing side where you can see the tails of the planes moving round! We could hear planes - lots of them (and later saw the hotel from the plane!), but I guess they fly out in different directions at different times. Hearing planes can't be a complaint. The hotel is literally at the end of the runway - what do you expect?! It doens't keep you awake either. They run a shuttle service to and from the hotel/aiport, which we didn't use, but it's easy to get to the rental car place from this location, so it was well worth it.I reckon we had a better room as well with faux-suede foot thingy at the end of the bed, better mattress, better shower curtain (!), faux-silk valanace and a headboard.I don't know that I'd want to be based here for a week if I was just seeing The Strip, but, again, they have a shuttle, which was explained to us, and it seemed very easy.I've stayed in another Vegas hotel and it was nice to be in one where you can't hear that wretched ching ching ching noise!	
Sep 30 2008 	Nice room nice breakfast	The room was nicely appointed and the breakfast better than most hotel breakfasts. The staff was friendly. I appreciated the free shuttle service to and from the airport and the MGM Grand (the Strip). The only downside was the too-soft mattress, but it seemed like replacement mattresses were just off the corridor.A great place to stay the departure or arrival days in Las Vegas, when you're there mainly for the airport.	
Jul 2 2008 	Quiet and friendly hotel	We stayed 4 nights in this little hotel, not far from de Strip and we loved it. It is just 3 minutes from the airport, but we did not hear one airplane and slept very well. De rooms are very clean and good and the staff at the reception is very helpfull. Fine is the free shuttle service to and from the airport and to and from the Strip (untill midnight). The quality of the breakfast is good too. Walking from the hotel to the Strip takes 15 minutes. If you like to go to downtown, take bus 108 , the busstop is 5 minutes by foot from the hotel. Busstop for the local bus to the strip is 2 minutes by foot from the hotel. So it is very easy to go around without a car. Should stay there again. Recommended. You have a lot for the price you pay!!	
Jun 19 2008 	A perfect place to stay!	Two of us stayed at the Best Western McCarran for two nights. The staff was welcoming and wanted to help us in any way possible. Our room was standard with no frills but it was clean and the beds were very comfortable. The free shuttle took us to and from the airport and the Strip. All we had to do was call for it. The breakfast was more than adequate: juice, coffee, muffins, and French toast plus cereals. Because of our departure time, a shuttle driver came in very, very early to take us to the airport on his own time. This was our first trip to Las Vegas; we were really here on a stopover and wanted to experience the Strip so arranged to stay an extra day. The motel was a perfect location and we were treated royally. If we're out that way again, we will definitely make arrangements to stay at the Best Western.	
May 12 2008	Good hotel	Good value for Las Vegas, nice decorated rooms, perfect working air-condition, huge comfortable beds, huge parking, small but well located swimming pool, with sun beds, and sun since 7am. Tasty continental breakfast, computer in lobby. Worth spent money. Definitely will come back.	
May 6 2008 	Good Motel	I stayed at this motel during a major convention based upon price, reviews, and the fact that this motel offered a free shuttle service to the convention center. The motel was clean, the rooms were nice, the staff was good, but if you're counting on the shuttle for transportation, it might be more at their convenience than yours and depending on the number of users, times might vary. The pool was unusable two of the five days we were there. But all in all, it was a good stay and things worked out.	
Apr 23 2008 	Good price	We stayed in this hotel for one night as we had an early flight to catch the next morning.The free shuttle to the airport every 30 minutes is a great service.The rooms and beds are large and very clean and comfortable.The Continental brekkie in the lobby is perfect and very tasty.Overall a very good experience.One note though...I wouldn't stay in this hotel if my main objective in Vegas was to be on the Strip. Stay in one of the hotels there if that is the main reason for your stay. It'll make things a lot easier to be in the middle of things.	
Jan 5 2008	desert jewel	I stayed at the BW over the New Year's weekend. The price was unbeatable, and the 2 mile walk to The Strip was not bad. There is a free shuttle that drops you off at the MGM or the Hard Rock, up until 7pm. It will even pick you up, w/ just 1 phone call away. The continental breakfast was perfect. Nice juices to choose from, and the bagels, muffins, and croissants really hit the spot. The room was clean and comfortable. This was a great hotel for some one wanting to go to Vegas on a budget, and doesn't mind staying off the Strip. I would stay here again.BTW---just a little background on my stays in Vegas....I've stayed at the Wynn, Flamingo, Caesar's, Bally's, Mandalay, Terribles, Planet Hollywood/ Aladdin, Stratosphere, Paris, Veneitan, Rio, and the Bellagio.I've seen rooms at Imperial Palace, Treasure Island, and the Orleans.	
Dec 1 2007 	Not a bad option near the Strip	I chose the Best Western McCarran as it was reasonably priced (for a Saturday night), and had free shuttles to the airport &amp; the Strip.Both of the shuttles work on a 'request' basis, whereby you need to call and let them know that you need a pick-up. That said, it probably only took 10 minutes after my call from the airport, which wasn't too bad.The hotel is a good 10-15 minute walk off the strip, along a busy highway, so the hourly free shuttle is the best way of getting to the action. It drops off outside the MGM Grand, which is also the pick-up point for the return trip.On a busy night like Saturday, it did seem a bit unnecessary to have to call for a pick-up to and from the Strip, as I'm sure that there were people waiting every hour (and phones are few and far between for us overseas visitors without a local mobile/cell phone).The room was a good size and clean, and check-in was efficient and cheerful. I'm glad that I had booked in advance, as 'Sold Out' signs were plastered over the entrance.Given the proximity to the airport, double glazing would have further minimised any exterior noise, but it was not too bad.The self-serve continental breakfast (free) was good, with several choices of cereals, juices, pastries etc. Unlike some chain motels, there was also a good sized area in which to eat.On my departure, I caught the shuttle to the airport, and the driver kindly dropped me very close to the hire car shuttle bus, which saved lugging my bags across busy traffic.Whilst it would have been nicer to be a bit closer to the Strip, the Best Western served me fine for an overnight stay after a long flight from Australia. I'd have no problem staying there again.	
Nov 22 2007 	Low Cost	This was a low cost hotel, and as such I had low expectations. I was right, you get what you pay for in Las Vegas. Stayed on 2 occaision in a family room - great value in vegas for 5 of us, but the place was a little run down and had the feel of a hostel. It would be a cracking hotel for people looking for a cheap room if they were wanting to go partying on the strip - but as we started a 3 week vacation on the west coast, this was not a great start.It is nicely located and cheap, but pay a bit more for a proper hotel!	
Nov 17 2007 	Old 	We chose this particular place because it was close to the airport andthe price was right. ($58) But as soon as we arrived and entered the building it &quot;reeked&quot; of cigarettes. We are not smokers so we &quot;gagged&quot; a little, all the way to our room. The room was old but just okay. The breakfast in the morning was sufficient, bread, cereals, good coffee. Glad to check out and be on our way. The airport transportation was a plus!	
Nov 5 2007 	Airport Shuttle Issues and Rude front desk staff	My recent stay at this hotel was a big disappointment. I checked out the website before booking here and one of the reasons I picked this hotel for this one-night stay is because I needed airport transportation...a hard thing to come by in Las Vegas unless you like taxis. In any case, the listing says that the hotel provides airport transportation and some transportation to a couple of named casinos, generous right?...Well, what the listing DOES NOT say, is that the hotel only operates that service until 7pm (which we, of course, landed later and had to wait in those lovely taxi stand lines). And then the next morning, when we needed a ride to the airport, we were told the shuttle only ran on the 1/2 hour and even though the van was there at a quarter-past the hour, we still had to wait another 15 minutes for them to take us to the airport. Maybe that is their &quot;policy&quot; but it wasn't made clear as to what those policies were before booking the room and honestly, as far as customer service is concerned, I think that is a poor decision not to run your shuttle in a &quot;city that never sleeps.&quot; On top of the shuttle disappointment, when we checked in to the room, the lady at the front desk, was rude and just in a &quot;general bad mood.&quot; Again, not the face and attitude one wants to see when already disappointed in a service error and then have to deal with rudeness too. She started out rude to my husband and I, but we are good at making people treat us better by just adding a little kindness. That worked, but when additional customers arrived and asked about room availability or customers who called and asked questions about why the shuttle service wasn't running, she was rude to them....which also was annoying. From my perspective of overhearing several inquiries about the shuttle service ending at 7pm, it was something many of their customers did not know and was disappointed to find out. The room itself was clean and comfortable. The lack of &quot;black-out&quot; shades was missed since we arrived so late and wanted to sleep in the next morning. The breakfast was better than many that hotels offer. Some kudos for that.Best Western hotels, in general, are lovely places to stay. I would have to say even consistently nice. This one is the exception. I would not stay here again.	
Jul 16 2007 	"Best" Western- NOT!	We reserved the room a week in advance. When reserving online, an option for a non-smoking room was not given. When we arrived, the room reeked of cigarettes. We asked the staff to switch our room but they claimed they were completely full. We considered demanding a refund, but after considering the facts: Saturday night in Vegas, over 110 degrees, and we had been driving all day and were tired, we decided that we did not wish to look for another hotel. Once settling in the room, we realized that the fitted sheets on the beds were too small and continually came off. The air conditioner was very loud and irritating. Overall, this was a very poor hotel and I would not recommend.	
Apr 17 2007 	Close to the airport but quiet!	After reading through the reviews of Las Vegas hotels I finally decided on the Best Western-McCarran. I felt this hotel offered the best value for the money although the close proximity to the McCarran airport would be determental to any chance of a good nights sleep. Boy was I surprised. Either they flew a Southwesternly departure route or I was really tired. Only once did I hear a plane departure. The facilities were absolutely imaculate! The room was very nice although there wasn't a refridgerator or microwave in the room. Hotel security was very good. Morning breakfast was the normal continental breakfast items, juices/coffee, bagel and sweet rolls, and cereal. There was wireless internet throughout the building but when you don't have your own PC it doesn't do a bit of good! I wish they had a &quot;business center&quot; for guests. The guest laundry room was very handy and clean. The swimming pool was closed for repairs. I recommend this facility if you want to visit Vegas on a budget.	
Dec 19 2006 	great value near airport pleasantly surprised	My husband and I stayed at this property for 1 night. For $70 per night, this hotel was fantastic! They offered a hot breakfast every morning, a small but nice pool, clean rooms and a great location. I noticed that they had a shuttle that ran to the strip and back several times per day, as well as an airport shuttle, both complimentary. I would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 14 2006 	Good Value and close to airport	We stayed at this Best Western as it was close to the airport and quite reasonable. The room was clean and comfortable, the breakfast that was included was basic but good, and the location near the airport can't be beat. Be sure to request a room on the east side to avoid traffic noise. Never heard any aircraft at all!! We would stay here again.	
Sep 15 2006 	Good hotel bad location	The hotel is good. it's clean, free internet, nice breakfast. all was ok and I might come back. but... the location is bad. If you don't have a car (and you don't want to pay for parking in vegas), going to the strip and back will cost minimum of 10$ each direction. so if you're thinking on going to the strip in the morning, then rest and go back again in the evening you are looking at 50$ with tip taxi expanses.	
Jun 19 2006	Good airport location	This is an okay motel when you are looking for something close to the airport in Las Vegas. You can call for the free shuttle when you arrive and get a fairly quick pick-up. Note the shuttle only runs until 7 PM. You can also get a free shuttle to MGM Grand on the strip on the half hour and can call for the return trip up until 7 PM. The rooms were clean and the continental breakfast adequate. One drawback is there is no restaurant close by. They do offer a take-out room service. We ended up walking several long blocks down to an intersection by the Hard Rock Cafe where there are several choices, but I wouldn't want to do it on a hot night. I would stay here again if Vegas was just a one night stopover enroute to another destination.	
Jun 3 2006	Basic and reasonable	This is an economical choice for staying near the airport. The rooms were clean and the staff friendly. It is a $5 cab ride to the hotel - just be sure to mention which Best Western you are staying at! There are three in Las Vegas and the cab drivers are known not to listen too closely!	
May 30 2006	Oh dear!	Stayed a night after flying from UK and before collecting car. Rooms are typical Best Westernm, clean and comfortable enough, breakfast and pool just OK and staff were very helpful. All else is tacky and not to be recommended. Since most Vegas Hotels have some form of airport shuttle you would be better off on the srtip.	
Apr 17 2006	I'll be back	The McCarran is tops for the budget minded. Our two days left us wishing we had spent the whole week of our stay in and around Vegas at McCarran. It's friendly, It's clean, It's close without being close. The amenities are 1st class. Our granddaughter loved the pool. Our week was spent at several BW's in Vegas and Arizona. This was tops. A real pleasure. I don't say that about many accomodations.	
Mar 22 2006 	Great retreat from the strip	I travel annually to Las Vegas on business and have found staying in casino hotels to be a real pain, you either have to wait for the valet or park a mile away, then it's a major headache negotiating the casino on the way to your room. The McCarran Inn which is located near the airport but close enough to the south strip to be very convenient is great. Park within 50 feet of the front entrance, walk in and be in your room in less than 90 seconds. Large rooms, they are well maintained and clean. The noise from hallway in the early morning can be a little irritating, but not as bad as I have found at casino hotels where I have been awakened in the middle of the night by a bunch of drunk partiers. Best Western has free calls in the US and now most of their properties offer free wireless internet. This is truly a bargain, even though its not fancy.	
Jan 31 2006	** Good Value **	We decided to stay just off of the main Strip in Vegas and this was a nice hotel. The rooms were spacious, and very clean. Had everything you needed considering you probably are only there to just sleep! You'll be too busy sight seeing, or gambling! You're 10-15minutes walking distance from the strip or a 5minute bus journey. The staff were extremely friendly and very helpful. You free-phone them when you arrive at the airport, and they pick you up. They drop you back to the airport - all included. Every hour on the hour til 7pm they drop off and pick up at the MGM Grand hotel casino for free. Or you can just get a 24hour bus pass from the Deuce buses that run up and down the strip for $5 which covers the CAT buses all around the area or for $2.50 24hour pass on a CAT bus which picks up right next to the petrol station next door, the CAT only pass you have to pay 50cents every time you ride a Deuce bus on the Strip, so a 24hour Deuce pass is great value! Breakfast at the hotel is ok - fresh fruit, bagels, toast, cereal, danish's etc... But if you want a huge breakfast just go to the buffet breakfasts they have in every BIG Casino Hotel on the Strip - you don't have to be staying at them to eat at them! So for a very cheap stay - compared to staying on the Strip - it is well worth it - gives you more money to Gamble. Good Luck!	
Jan 19 2006 	don't smell this place	The price must of been right cuse my company put here for 5 days. first off what they did not say was they will not pick you up at the air port after a spacific time on most days. second the room I was given was a view of the pool that did not in any way look good. 3rd the bed was very hard and that lead me to aroung 3 hr. of sleep every day I was there. 4th the pellows smelled like smoke from a pipe ( I know what you are thinking and yes it was a smoking room but this was the first on where you did not have to smoke to get you nicaten). 5th the van driver when i did get one ride from him to the strip was very nice and helpfull. neddless to say I called the air port in my 3rd day in vegas and was able to change my flight out early. I did tell my boss I would rather get fired then stay in a place like this agin.	
Nov 1 2005	good value	Good value basic hotel, clean but a bit dated. They run a shuttle across to the Strip and the airport. Wireless internet available and an excellent complimentary breakfast. Good value for off the Strip accomodation.	
Oct 20 2005	Not bad at all...	We stayed here for part of our Vegas trip in July of this year. We were here for 5 nights, a friend of ours who was travelling with us got us a room for 29.00 / night as she is a Best Western employee. The rooms were always clean, it was quiet, there were coffee pots in the rooms, and the continental breakfast was always nice. Not a large resort on the strip, but we had our own vehicle with us, and so driving to the strip or the Fremont area was not a problem. We didn't spend much time in the rooms at all, and so only used them to sleep and shower. It was more than adequate for our needs, the staff were friendly and we enjoyed our stay immensely.	
Sep 23 2005	One armed bandit	Rooms ok but high priced for location. Lost a dollar in the Coke machine and the front desk wouldnt refund it ,&quot;stating it was policy not to refund lost money in the coke machine.&quot; Can you believe that, service policy poor for an over $100 a night hotel. Coke machine must be a good money maker.	
Jun 28 2005	Very convenient	We have used this hotel for two years. It's position is ideal for people staying overnight after a long flight (last year our flight was delayed and we had been awake for twenty-four hours by the time we arrived in Las Vegas). We pick up a rental car the following morning, using the hotel's courtesy bus to take us to the airport and the rental company's bus.	
Jun 27 2005	OK for airport hotel	We stayed here for 1 night before flying out of Vegas. It was fine as a one night stop only, as it wasn't really close enough to The Strip / amenities to stay any longer.The room was clean and modern and we used the pool, which was a nice extra to the hotel.Would stay here again / recommend for 1 night stays.	
Apr 12 2005	good hotel	stayed at this hotel for one night. It was a clean hotel and the bed was comfortable compared to the high priced strip hotel i stayed at the night prior. It is a great location if you are attending an event at the thomas &amp; mack centre. I would probably stay here again for the cost. My only problem was being woken up bright and early by the garbage truck emptying the bin directly below our window. It is across the street from the post office so im sure the traffic could get a little loud. Would definantly need a car if you are staying here.	
Mar 31 2005	Dont Swim In The Pool!!!	Got this room for $35 on Priceline for one night.....this was just a room to crash for our late nite flight back home to NJ.....Okay ....this was no Bellagio...LOL....the room was clean....but you could see this was an old resort....the room and halls had a musty odor...like mildew or something....I wouldn't stay here unless I HAD NO OTHER place to go to...The pool was a joke....I was wondering why no one was swimming...until I got closer to it.....it was pretty dirty...with leaves and dead bug carcasses strewn on the bottom of the pool....yuck!!I overheard a front desk clerk tell someone that they were sold out that nite.....but the normal rate for the weekend was $181.......they got to be kidding...for that money, I could stay at any fancy one on the strip...Bottom line...if you MUST be super close to the airport...its okay...Just dont expect anything like you would expect from a hotel like Bellagio or Venetian.	
Oct 19 2004	good for the right price	We stayed here during a busy weekend (Jimmy Buffett concert). We were able to get a military rate (84.00) but I overheard them quote $120 and up for a night. I certainly wouldn't pay that price. The hotel in itself is pretty good. The rooms were clean and they did provide a shuttle to the airport and the strip. Make sure you make note of the times of the shuttle though. We were on the strip on Sunday and called to get a pick up and were informed that the last shuttle ran at 7 p.m. The pool was also closed for repairs. The only real problem we encountered was the shower. The temperature would fluctuate if you flushed the toilet or I believe if someone else near by was showering too. So be careful, especially if you have youngsters taking showers.	
Sep 13 2004	Good price/quality	This certainly isn't a luxury hotel/casino/resort, but if you want a clean room for a good price, then this is it. Self-serve continental breakfast consists of the usual drinks, milk, juice, muffins, cereals, french toast, bread, oatmeal. Those items are frequently restocked.The hotel is close to the airport, therefore handy for a first or last night. It can be a bit tricky to find it, because it's in a one-way street. When you ask directions at the car rental company at the airport, it should be no big problem to find it, however. In our room, we could hear the airplanes, but the noise was sufficiently reduced to be able to sleep comfortably.	
Aug 3 2004	Absolutely fine	We stayed overnight at the Mccarren Inn on the 24th July 2004. We arrived late at night, very tired after a long flight. The reception area although clean was dull and needed a makeover of more seductive colours. However the room was more than adequate, with two queen beds, good sized bathroom, coffee machine etc. Everything in the room was clean and tidy and more than suited our overnight stay. Complementary breakfast was also good, however the eating area, which is part of the reception area also needed brightening up. If you are looking for an overnight hotel near the airport then this one is ok. Don't be put off by the dull reception.	
Jul 2 2004	Good Inexpensive but you should have a car to stay here	We stayed at the McCarran Inn upon our arrival in Las Vegas (we were on our way to Bryce Canyon National Park in Utah and NOT remaining in Vegas for a long visit) On a Saturday night there are no cheap, good rooms in Las Vegas close to the airport (our plane landed at near midnight on Saturday night at the beginning of June 2004). This was the least expensive place we could find -- at $71 a night. I was expecting a flea bag motel -- instead it was very nice and clean, comfortable and had a great free breakfast buffet (juice, coffee, milk, cereal-- including instant hot oatmeal, muffins, danish,toast,fresh fruit and peanut butter packets. The only drawback is (if you are staying to see Vegas for a while) -- you need to have a car because the motel's location is away from the Strip and the Casinos. But everyone should know that if you have a car you can drive to the free lots at any of the big hotels (the Luxor is a good place to park and walk), and tour the Strip as late as you want. This makes the McCarran Inn a great bargain. I hate the long walk in and out of those huge casino hotels -- at this motel you are out and into your car in a minute instead of struggling across the casino floor with your luggage or if you forgot something in your room (it can take a half hour to get to your room and back outside in one of those huge hotels). I know some people love to stay in the lavish casinos (and there are some great package-deal bargain rooms during the week) -- but some people,like us,only needed a nice,clean,safe place to sleep on their way to a glorious week out in the wilds of Utah. In that case -- this MacCarran Inn is a really good choice. I hope this information was helpful for any of you planning a trip to Bryce and Zion with a late flight into Vegas.	
Jun 11 2004	absolutely horrible place	My family stayed our last night at this place because we had a 6 am flight the next morning and had to take the shuttle, which by the way was so late to leave the hotel that we almost missed our flight back to atlanta! This place was so nasty and moldy, I could nor hardly sleep! Also, the air conditioner wasnt working well either in 106 degree weather. I felt like i was smothering all night long. There were no other rooms to put us in (so they said) i would never stay here again! I would walk to the airport from the strip, before staying in that place again!	
Oct 17 2003	Ant Hotel	October 2003. This was not my best Vegas vacation. This was a family vacation 6 people total.I thought that I was getting 2 queen beds and a pull out sofa. I got 2 queen beds and a pull out chair. (Beware) The closet is nearly non-existant.And the ants. We went to sleep and got bit. That day they cleaned out the ants (we think), but they missed the few in the bathroom. We had to live with those the whole stay.Oh, their website says that the pool is heated, it is not. It was too cold for even the kids to go in.I forgot to mention in my earlier review that the continental breakfast from 6:30 - 10:00 ran out of danishes and french toast everyday by 7:30. The breakfast consisted of danishes, french toast (bagels or croissants when the first two ran out), bread for toast, corn flakes, fruit, juices, milk and coffee.The good thing was that there was always plenty of coffee.	
May 18 2003	I'd do it again	Hey, we were looking for a cheap place to stay on our final night of vacation. This place is not bad. Close to the airport and the Strip. Easy to turn the car back in and get back to the terminal. Not the cleanest or the nicest, but you get a decent continental breakfast before catching your flight. For $39, it fit the bill perfectly for us. I'd do it again.	
Aug 11 2009 	Le meilleur rapport qualité / prix !		
Jun 23 2009 	relación calidad precio muy buena		
Apr 28 2009	Nur vor dem Rückflug geeignet		
