	Would Stay Here Again	We stayed for a week in jun of 2006 had an ajoining room~ got there and the small rooms a.c. didnt work. They offered us 2 rooms that were not connected but because we had children we had to have a connecting room, so they attempted to repair the a.c. They did get it to work, but gave us a complimentary week that we used in june of 2007 to stay free. The staff was great! The accomidations are not the most updated but they were clean and comfortable. We were pleased both times we stayed there. We are planning a 3rd trip to vegas and will try to stay there again. great location for being off the strip but easy to get to everywhere from here. Pleased with the pool and friendly service as well.	
Nov 14 2009 	Club 1 is in dire need of cleaning paint and guest services.	We are Marriott owners and stayed here on a short stay exchange. This resort looked nothing like the pictures online. We had to check in across the street, which took forever, then drag our bags across to our room because we had no car. The desk in Club 1 was never staffed. The menu in the room for ordering food to be delivered was so old that when I called, the place was out of business. The suite was small, dark, and smelled. It desperately needed several coats of paint. We didn't even want to use the kitchen. The bedspread was dirty. We called the Club 2 desk to ask for a different suite, and were told that nothing else was available--interesting, because we saw very few other guests during our stay. The closest restaurant was Denny's, five blocks away. Maybe our standards as Marriott owners are high, but this place didn't even come close to meeting our expectations. We will not come back.	
Nov 3 2009 	Great accomodations for a stay away from the strip.	The front desk attendant was nice and very helpful. The rooms were smaller than I had expected, but because the price was so right on, it didn't really matter. Noise was not a problem as long as we kept the window closed. (Traffic noise) One thing that I did not like was that they did not clean your room every day. We received fresh towels and more coffee when we asked... but I kinda like the coming back to the room and having your bed made. Kids loved the jacuzzi style tub in the bathroom and the hot tub near the pool. Location was ok... a very short drive to strip... close to popular grocery stores/drug stores/ fast food. All in all it was a great trip!	
Oct 30 2009	Good enough to stay again	Not bad. We drove so we didn't need the shuttle. Close enough to the casinos to drive and park, then walk. Nice to have the kitchen. Wifi was expensive so we went to Krispy Kreme for their free wifi. Rooms were clean and the staff very friendly.	
Oct 8 2009 	Middle of the Road - Nothing Special	We spent Mother's Day week at this timeshare resort in a 2-bedroom unit. Unfortunately, the weather was unseasonably hot (upper 90s all week), and the A/C was locked to not get cooler than 72 degrees, and while in the main unit, this temperature was mostly acceptable since we weren't in the room during the day, the secondary unit's A/C was horrible and barely kept the room livable at night with the door to the main unit closed. There was a dripping sound from the A/C (we presume) in the master bedroom.The staff was pretty accommodating when we needed special attention.The pool was open 24 hrs, and while we were on the 2nd floor poolside, I don't know if I'd want to be on the 1st floor when the pool was busy. Additionally, there seemed to be a lot of leaves in the pool by evening.We didn't make use of the mini-golf or other activities.We got a good deal on this location. I don't think I'd stay there at full price.	
Oct 8 2009 	Enjoyed my stay Very Much	We stayed at this &quot;Resort&quot; and yes i do agree with the other reviews, this was not like any resort i have stayed in before. However, it did the job, the staff was absolutely excellant to us and the Pool and Jacuzzi were very nice. We stayed in Building 2 and had no problems.I feel like the room did it's job. When we walked in it was clean and big. The Hotel does charge a resort fee, so we put the do not disturb sign up (we stayed from October 1 until the 6th) when we needed new towels we brought them to housekeeping and asked for new towels, and brought extra small bags for garbage (from home) and threw it in the dumpster. The room was sufficient, it had a blow dryer, iron and ironing board, toaster, coffee machine, refigerator, microwave, and utensils, plates, and glasses. It also had dish wash cloth's and soap. There was 3 of us and we had a 2 person room. So there was no couch, but we did bring an air mattress, sheets and blankets. Ok Food wise. We didn't want to spend so much money on the strip every night so we went to Taco bell (which was 5 minutes walking distance), also a little spanish deli and got some Breakfast Burritos ($3.50 each) , There was also an AMAZING pizza place in the little center next to the hotel. It was called Payless Pizza (looks can be decieving, people a little grungy) But honestly very good pizza and salads. We mostly ate off the strip and went to Cesars Palace Buffet the last night. it was about $28.00 and offered king crab legs and shrimp cocktail (unlike other buffets).Activities and Shuttles: The Shuttle ran every 30 minutes. Once to drop off at Tropicana the other to drop off by Treasure Island. Ok we were really on a tight budget when we came to Vegas but we found out the Tropicana Hotel offers a free pull on a big slot machine outside. If you go to the promotion desk they give you $10 free, no money necessary. You put it in the slot machine and just play until your money is up or unless you hit big, which we did, and we cashed out. And other than walking aroung hotel to hotel to view how georgous they are that was preety much it. The Clubs were cool and also casinos were all the same.We did go to the Grand Canyon tours one day, But make sure you don't just buy a ticket, everywhere you go there are coupons to pay less for the trip. It is a long ride and my suggestion to you is that if you got on the tour bus DON'T go on the top deck. Get the table seats on the lower Deck. You have a long ride and comfort is key!!! Bring Snacks, a small blanket and be comfy.Ok so that's all my advice that i can think of. I enjoyed my trip and hope that this does help people.	
Sep 29 2009	Decent place for the price	I stayed at the Club de Soleil for three days prior to a training seminar I had in Las Vegas. On the night I arrived, the resort did not have a room for me although I had called in to inform them that I would be checking in late due to a delay because of inclement weather.I was sent to another hotel, which by the way I had to pay for the night there. I was very upset. The next morning, I went to the Manager and he apologized profusely and reimbursed me for the expense of the other hotel.After this incident, I was given a nice room with a view of the pool. The facilities were clean and modest. The staff was very friendly and eager to help in any way they could. The facilities are a little ways from the strip but the shuttles are very good.There are a variety of stores and restaurants located within walking distance. For the money I paid to stay there, I think I got my money's worth. I would stay here again, but I would make sure that they have a room for me.	
Sep 27 2009 	OK But expected more since it was considered a resort and a timeshare exchange	Some points I think are important and wish I would have known before I booked the room. The motel was too far to walk from the strip, so make sure you have a car. We asked for a pool side balcony . We got a pool side room but it wasnt a balcony. It was the first floor and it had plants and a large wall dividing it from the pool area. Therefore when you sat down to enjoy the view, all you saw was the wall since it was too high to look over. In addition , the balcony area was way to small. The inside was fine, rooms were large enough, the pool was fine but not what I would consider a resort. It was simply a OK motel. THE MOST INCREDIBLE DISAPOINTMENT WAS THE FACT THAT THEY PROVIDE NO FREE INTERNET SERVICE. WHEN I CALLED TO MAKE SURE IT WAS AVAILABLE THEY SAID , YES WE HAVE INTERENET. HOWEVER THE TRUTH IS. THEY HAVE 1 MONITOR AVAILABLE IN THE LOBBY THAT YOU MUST PAY FOR TO USE. It was necessary for us to read our email and get updates from our job, so this was extremely irritating to us when we found this out. The resorts that we have stayed in in the past always have a couple computers that can be used by its quests free of charge whenever and however long you wanted to use them as long as noone else was waiting. So if you want or require the internet during your stay, DO NOT STAY HERE!For the money I quess it is worth it. But for us, we have a timeshare and we were dissaponted since we compare this motel to other resorts that are much nicer.	
Sep 19 2009 	Good value but trip started rough	Three of us stayed here for a week in September. We purchased the week as a getaway through Interval International. The experience started rough when we arrived to find out there weren't any rooms available. 30 Minutes later we learned we would have to stay at another timeshare across town. The manager tried to explain the situation as &quot;previous guests didn't check out as expected&quot;...but later she admitted the problem was with their reservation system that double booked many guests for that night.We returned the following night to the timeshare. The room is adequately sized with a full kitchen, medium sized bedroom and livingroom and large bathroom. There is also a nice balcony. Our's faced the pool. The walls are a little thin, as we could here the people next door through the &quot;lock-out&quot; door.The timeshare is a 5-10 minute drive from most locations on the strip. Since parking is free at the major casinos, this was a great location.Despite the very poor initial experience, I would still recommend this timeshare based on its value and location.	
Aug 11 2009 	Started "so so" but ended just fine	There are two phases and we went to the wrong one to check in, so we had to get back into the car to drive to the other phase located a block away. Check in went fine but walking to the room, in 109 degrees was a not a positive experience. Nor was going into a 2 bdrm unit when the AC was not on. My initial reaction was to check out and go to a strip hotel but instead I thought I would try this place out for a night. Thus, we left the room to do some shopping and other fun stuff. Once we came back to the room that evening, the room was cool and I felt a lot better of this place. I further realized that not having the AC on until check in was a good cost cutting measure that saved money for the hotel. In the end...I would stay here again because it had a pool which was open 24/7, the room was clean and had a full kitchen &amp; washer &amp; dryer, the 2 bdrm offered more room for the kids and at a cheaper price than paying for two rooms at a hotel, you could park your car near your room versus walking 15 minutes to your room from the entrance of a large hotel.	
Jul 29 2009 	Incompetent staff	When we arrived, they put us in a one bedroom when we had reserved a two bedroom. They were not apologetic nor did they seem to care. We were told to come back the next day for the two bedroom. They STILL didn't have the 2BR ready and we had groceries in the car. Again, they didn't care. We wasted a whole day just trying to get checked in. The place was NOT what I expected. It was not well kept and a little too far from the strip. They also waited until the 5th day to tell me I needed a parking pass for my car.	
Jul 7 2009 	Positively Disgusted	This was one of the worst places I've ever stayed. The front desk was incompetent. There was no maintenance, only excuses. The elevator was inoperable for 3 days. The jets in the public hot tub did not work properly (E coli report anyone?). They had one excuse after another. We were on the top floor and physically challenged to climb 3 flights of stairs (hip and knees). The &quot;resort&quot; offered no assistance or even a change of rooms. Actually, the security crew was the most helpful ones there. The room was dirty. (Unless you consider one trip through the room resulting in black soles clean.) The shuttles were erratic. Most of the drivers were rude. A couple were good and did their jobs...only a couple. There were items in need of repair that we read in reviews months ago that were still not fixed. I'm an owner at Tahiti Village and have never been treated this way. We're shocked and appalled. I find it odd that once employees were informed that we were &quot;owners&quot; with their sister property - attitudes changed. Everyone should be treated equally and not like their ignorant. I will never, ever stay here again; I'll be certain to tell our friends. This is NOT a 5-star resort. I wouldn't consider it a resort at all.	
Jul 2 2009	Would'nt stay here again	Stayed here through a timeshare exchange program and wasn't very satisfied. They first required a 100 deposit when we first arrived...not a pleasant surprise but was assured that I would get it back in my account the day we left. Then we get to the room which had a foul odor to it. However the room was a very large space, we had a 2 bedroom which was a one bedroom unit coupled with a studio. The resort was too far away from the strip though, way too far to walk. Although they do have a bus service which we did use one of the days it doesn't run late enough during the week or weekend so unless you have your own car or feel like paying for taxis it isn't that helpful if you plan on staying out late at night. Luckily we drove there so didn't have to rely on this service all too often. As a last note, a week later they still have a $100 hold on my account.	
Jun 30 2009 	Nice place..a little far for walking to anything	Lindy at the front desk was awesome.. extremely helpfuf. she printed our boarding passes and was great to get anything we needed. The distance for anything is to far to walk and the shuttle only goes every hour. You would need a car. It was a nice place to stay. clean rooms, friendly staff. There is not a bar on site or close by, if you are wanting a drink so you might bring your own and enjoy the pool side with cocktails. As others have said the walls are thin but there is not an extreme amount of noise.	
May 8 2009	A real nice place to stay outside the strip!	I just got back yesterday from a 5 day vacation with my parents and we stayed here. I really liked it! I am in my mid-thirties and at first was bummed that we weren't staying in one of the big hotels on the strip. But then I realized this place was only about a mile away, about a 10 minute drive so it was no big deal. There are lots of stores real close by ...Walgreens, Denny's, an Italian/Pizza restaurant, two food stores and fast food places. But my favorite part was the pool! It was pretty big and very clean, with a jacuzzi right next to it. We would get up early, go to breakfast and then lay by the pool for a couple hours before we headed out for the night. So I got to relax too and work on my tan. They even give you 4 pool towels in your room which was cool. The staff was very friendly, the room was on the small size but we only really used it to sleep and shower then we were out and about again. The grounds are clean and maintained all lined with palm trees which I can't seem to get enough of! The have a computer in the main lobby so I was able to print out my boarding pass for the flight home which was very convenient. This was my first trip to Vegas (or to the West Coast for that matter) so I had to get used to sleeping weird hours and the time change (I am from NJ) but who cares, I was in Vegas!! But I would recommend Club de Soleil and would stay here again, you won't regret it! I really have no complaints at all! But I think next time when I return I want to stay on the strip...I think I have to at least one time :)	
Apr 24 2009 	Great place to stay off the strip	My family stayed here April 2009. We have 3 boys ages 14,11 and 7. We booked a one bedroom suite and the adjoining one bedroom unit which meant we had two bedrooms, two baths, kitchen and living room. Our main unit also had a small washer dryer in it which was very convenient. We were very happy with the accomodations. Both units were well furnished, updated and clean. The full kitchen was fully stocked with dishes, plates and pots. The two king size beds were comfortable and there was a pull out couch as well. Both baths were equipped with jacuzzi tubs athough we did not use them. The hotel is located OFF the strip not far from the Orleans hotel. A short car ride gets you to the strip. We found this hotel to be a nice retreat from all the traffic of the strip. The hotel offers shuttle service but we did not use it as we had a rental car. Supermarkets are nearby and Payless Pizza is within walking distance. There was a pool and hot tub which was nice. There are also gas BBQ's located near the pool if you wanted to cook dinner outside. There is internet service which they charge $50 for the week. This was are only complaint as we feel that most hotels do not charge for the internet. The hotel has a game room which my kids enjoyed playing ping pong. We stayed in the building where you check in (there are two buildings located about 1/4 mile from each other.) Security was good and entrance doors were kept locked requiring card key access. Our room was on the second floor facing the back of the building which we liked because the front of the building faced a busy road (Tropicana Ave). There was plenty of parking onsite. There is no maid service but you can request extra towels and soap. This was not a big deal for us as we have rented vacation units before and were not expecting maid service. There is a workout room onsite as well. Overall we were very pleased with our accomodations and would recommend Club de Soleil to others.	
Apr 13 2009 	If you are looking for a quiet place off the strip this is a good choice!	This time share resort is within walking distance of the Orleans Hotel and Casino. Albertsons Food store &amp; Walgreens are close and easy to find, as well as places to eat.The front desk were welcoming and let us check in early , and printed our boarding pass for the trip home free of charge. The internet was an extra charge of $50 for the week, but the free shuttle to the strip and activities offered from the resort were great!The units were a bit dated but the beds were very comfortable and it met our needs.We own timeshares and although we have stayed in more luxury places, this was very comfortable and we enjoyed our time here.	
Apr 12 2009 	Very Good Exchange	We are Marriott Vacation Club owners and this was the first time we exchanged our lockoff for a one bedroom at the Club de Soleil. We had some trepidations based on the reviews, but were pleasantly surprised. Although we also went to phase 1 property to check in, only to find out we needed to go to phase 2, we met an owner, and he said rooms at both properties were just as good, so when we checked in, they put us in a third floor room in Phase 1. Our check in process went smoothly, and they gave us a choice of rooms. Our one bedroom was nicely appointed and very clean. Although the main room is slightly smaller than a Marriott villa, it had all the amenities needed for our family of four. There was a balcony overlooking the pool which was nice. There's not much to the grounds, but there's a quiet pool, fitness room and barbecue. The concierage was helpful and didn't push any of their timeshares on us. It is a couple miles from the strip, and there was a shuttle (which we didn't use), as we simply drove to there and stayed in the free parking lots. I would recommend this as an exchange for those folks who want a quieter trip, with easy access to the strip for gambling, shows and food.	
Mar 19 2009	Wonderful comfortable place to stay	Pros:- Very clean, quiet &amp; updated- Good sized bedrooms- Heated pool &amp; spa- Cute usable balconies- Lots of towels, soaps &amp; lotions- Free shuttles to strip &amp; grocery store- Nice workout roomCons:- Confusing, 1 lobby for 2 locations- Internet $$$	
Mar 2 2009 	Rotten Location S0-S0 Time Share	Robert and Morris were great staff members. Without the shuttle service this would have been a &quot;1&quot;. Rotten location, old time share (they want to call if Vacation Ownership now). Avoid this place if you can. Tahiti Village looks great (sister local) but the price they want is extreme as far as I can see. The resturant Tahiti Joe's food is only slightly better than the terrible service. The bar staff was good but that was it. Do not stay here unless you have no other choice.	
Jan 28 2009 	Amazing Value for the Money	Looking to avoid the robbery that occurs by hotels on the strip for weekend rates, I found a great deal on Club De Soleil off the strip. It is a time share facility that uses the off season to rent the rooms as a normal hotel. They have three choices of rooms, we took the one with a kitchen and jacuzzi tub. The place was clean, but there is no maid service when used as a hotel. You are welcome to call down for clean or additional towels. Also, there is a shuttle service that runs from the property to the strip area, but I did not use since I rented a car. The facility also has a heated pool and outdoor hot tub for everyone to use. Overall, a wonderful place to avoid the high cost of resort hotels on or close to the strip.	
Jan 14 2009	Very Enjoyable Experience	I bought a 1-BR unit on E-bay VERY cheaply. My sister and I flew to LV for a vacation to check out the resort and have some fun while my wife took a vacation to FL for &quot;some time away&quot; from me.Checkin was fast and efficient. The unit was ready on time. The 1-BR unit in the older, Phase I, section was ideal. It was as close as possible to the handicapped parking section. Phase I is on a side street off of Tropicana so it was quiet. We didn't use the pool or tennis courts, but they were attractive and well-kept. The personnel, especially maintenance people, were exceptionally helpful. The concierge had pretty good and fairly reliable information. Since I was already an owner, we were not asked to attend a sales presentation. I didn't even mind paying for internet access in the lobby a couple of times.The unit was exceptionally clean, well stocked, large BR and bath. I slept on the couch in the LR, and my sister had the kingsized bedroom. She enjoyed the jacuzzi tub, too. I used the fireplace for ambience at night, although it wasn't cold at all. With the glass closed not much heat was generated. We were on the ground floor so we had a nice patio with furniture outside. Lots of palm trees. Upholstered furniture will need upgrading before long.We had a rental car (which is really a necessity to see anything but the casinos) and toured around to many interesting and beautiful spots: Lake Mead, Hoover Dam, Mt. Charleston, Valley of Fire, etc. All shopping needs were close by, The valet parking people at all the resort casinos and show places were very helpful to a handicapped person. We went to several shows. I broke even playing cards, but my sister lost badly on the machines -- typical Vegas experience.Check out was easy and nearly instantaneous shortly before specified check-out time. I'd love to go back again soon.	
Jan 6 2009 	We'd go back!	We exchanged our timeshare through Interval International to stay here during Christmas break. For the most part, this place was very nice. Our unit at Club de Soleil had clean, comfortable rooms with a well-stocked kitchen and a large bathroom with double sinks. The fireplace was a nice touch during the time we stayed here. We had sliding glass doors that led to a quaint little veranda with a table and two chairs. Check-in was quick and the front desk people were friendly. Keep in mind that the resort was slow this time of year. The concierges were very nice and tried to be helpful, however they did give us some incorrect information. The negatives about this place are the lack of wireless internet service and the fact that they do not even have a computer for guests to use for free in the lobby. You have to pay to use the computer and the fees are expensive! Get with the times! Some other negatives are the lack of activities for guests, however, I can understand this because people do not go to Vegas to stay in their resort. I would also like to note that the location is on a busy street and is failry loud. This is a city so we did not mind, but if you are looking for a quiet place, this is definitely not quiet. Would we go back? Sure! Vegas is amazing!	
Dec 25 2008 	Very nice accomodations clueless staff	We booked a two bedroom unit at Club de Soleil II through Interval International. I had no idea what to expect, since Vegas standards can be very different than standards elsewhere. I was not expecting the Luxor.The condo was clean, spacious and well-appointed. There was no smoke smell or sanitizer smell -- just clean. Everything was in good working order. The beds were king sized and very comfortable. The unit was comparable to nicer units in Sheraton timeshare condos, like the one we stayed in in Scottsdale. Since we went in the winter, we could not use the outdoor swimming pool, although it is heated, and we did see a few crazy people in it. The grounds were very nice, considering the small block of land the resort is on (typical Vegas). The photo on the website is very deceiving - it is a small property, not a huge one. I found the location to be great. Not far from the strip, but not on it. Perfect. I don't care for noise and smoke.Parking was easy and ample, which is really important when travelling with kids. The housekeeping staff was very accomodating. No complaints there. If the front desk staff were helpful, this WOULD HAVE BEEN a great Las Vegas destination.The front desk staff and the concierge were completely, totally clueless and inefficient. The night we checked in, there were four families/couples ahead of us. Check-in took a very long time since there was only one guy working the desk. Since we drove for two days to get there, all I wanted to do was park and collapse in bed. While waiting, I overheard the maintenance guy make a bigoted comment about Mexicans. I am not Hispanic, but I was offended. I don't care much for bigotry.The resort does not offer much for families. I knew Las Vegas was an adult's town, but I thought a five-star resort would have something for kids. It didn't. I guess they are used to having everyone go to the Strip for everything.The next morning, I waited an equally long time at the concierge desk. The woman there spent forever with another couple. When it was my turn, I told her straight off I was not interested in a timeshare presentation, and then she seemed to want to get rid of me as soon as possible. All of her answers were short. She told us we could get discount tickets at Tahiti condos, two doors down. We went there, and they told us she gave us the wrong information. Then, we were directed to Tahiti village resort, where they did finally help us. The next day, a different woman at the concierge desk told us the owner's night was cancelled after I asked her where it would be. She called someone who told her there was a special Christmas banquet for $19.95 instead. The next morning, I asked yet another woman at the concierge desk if we needed to make reservations for the banquet. She told us it was not on Christmas eve, as we had been told, but on Christmas, and the price was $49.95. It was clear they were operating on rumor, not fact sheets or brochures.Frustrated, I drove to the other sister - resort (Tahiti Village) and asked what was really available to owners that week. After waiting an extremely long time, three guys asked around and finally found out NOTHING was available to owners at all, and yes, there was a pricey buffet instead. There was no special price for owners, so we didn't bother. So, there was nothing for owners. That might not mean much to people who just want a place to stay, but my family actually like the cheezy owner's events when we go on vacation.The only time we were given useful information at the front desk was when a night-shift desk clerk suggested we go to the Rio buffet. The price she told us was way off, but the buffet was fabulous. We ended up paying more than we expected, but it was a memorable feast.There was no free internet anywhere at the resort. They charge $50 for the week for internet, which is ridiculous for a five-star resort, in my opinion. However, Vegas is Vegas. They charge for everything. Even the Starbucks charged to use their internet.Overall, I would reccomend the Club de Soleil for a quiet, well- furnished, well-appointed condo, if you do not expect to be entertained on-site, or be given accurate information by the concierge. I would also suggest going directly to a concierge at a larger property, who has real knowledge of the area, not just a fly-by-night time-share tourgiver. I would say this is a four star property, which is satisfactory for my family. If you are used to five-star, or Marriott quality, I think the desk staff and lack of owner welcoming events will greatly disappoint you.Next time, I think I will go back to the Scottsdale Sheraton to escape the snow in winter. That has been our favorite spot so far (the Marriott in Palm Springs was also great). See my other posts.	
Dec 6 2008 	Most Bad Experience	Me and my family spend the 2 most awfull weeks at this 2 star hotel. This is presented as a 5 star resort awhich is definetly not. Service is poor, normally there's no one at the reception, nobody knows nothig, we even had a leak in our room and maintenance people wanted us to change room at midnight, they just came and put some towels on top of the carpet which was soaked. we exchanged our property in orlando's Sheraton Vistana Resort, adn the difference is huge. This hotels rooms are small, with old furniture, everything looks old.. We don't recommend this hotel and will never come back.	
Nov 11 2008 	Honeymoon	We booked this resort from a listing on eBay and absolutely loved it! The suite was newly remodeled and very nice and clean. The resort offered a very convenient shuttle to the strip every hour between 9am and 1am. They also offered a shuttle to a nearby grocery store at 8am. They had a concierge service in the lobby to help us plan our stay there. The pool was nice and although my husband enjoyed the hottub it was too hot outside for me to attempt it! I would most definitely stay at Club de Soleil again and again!	
Oct 7 2008	Nice quiet getaway	My husband and I stayed at the Club de Soleil for three nights at the end of September. Got an awesome deal from Expedia.caThis property is time share but units are rented out. There was absolutely no pressure to buy from the salespeople who gave out welcome packages. There are 2 large properties located about 3 miles west of the Strip on W Tropicana. We stayed in a studio complete with comfortable king bed, comfy pillows, bath with jacuzzi tub and a window that actually opened! No maid service though if you're only staying 3 nights. The resort was quiet with a nice pool area. A shuttle arrived every hour to take you over to the Strip. The Orleans casino/hotel is within walking distance of the property though. Overall no complaints. We'd stay again.	
Sep 30 2008 	Not What You Expect.....	Booked through Interval International because Marriott's Grand Chateau had no vacancy over Labor Day weekend. We are Marriott owner's (in Florida) but were only going to be in Vegas for 5 days. Let me say right away................lock-off rooms are tiny!!!!!!!!! They are not what they appear to be in the pictures online at the hotel website.I have written to Club de Soleil (3 weeks ago) regarding the problems we had with this property. I am waiting one more week to hear from them about some type of refund or how they would like to handle what turned out to be a huge disappoinment. If I do not hear from them shortly........I will be giving a follow-up review next week.	
Sep 5 2008 	Great stay but...	This property was very nice. My wife and I along with another couple stayed in phase2 of this property. I was impresed with the cleanliness and the overall accomodations. If you rent a car the grocery store Albertsons is right down the street on Tropicana Ave. It is a great store and open 24/7. There are shuttles to and from the strip but if you drive there is plenty of free parking at the Casinos. The only bad part was that my room was not ready when I arrived and we had to wait for three hours. However the staff did a great job in service recovery and gave us an upgrade to a connecting 2 bedroom. the whirlpool is a little high when getting into it. So if you're stiff you may have a small problem, Overall it was a great value.	
Jul 2 2008 	A Good Hotel Choice If Location Isn't Important	I would only recommend staying at the Club de Soleil if location is not important to you. Yes, there are hourly shuttles to a couple of Strip hotels (during my stay it was Treasure Island and New York New York), but unless you're willing to pay for a taxi to and from the hotel (I think around $10-15), the shuttles can make you a slave to a schedule. I've stayed on the Strip before and it's nice to just walk out and be in the heart of Vegas and not to have to rush to catch a ride.The room was very clean and comfortable. The bed was good and the kitchenette was great. The shower was just awful though. At times, the water was virtually down to a trickle.Definitely ensure you get a room facing away from Tropicana Avenue because it's a very busy street. And also try to stay on the 3rd floor.	
Jun 4 2008 	Great if you plan to leave early on departure day.	I stayed here for a girls weekend first weekend of April. There were 5 girls and plenty of room. For the price, it was well worth staying off the strip. We were out most of the time but when we were there it was very nice, clean and comfortable. This is actually my preference to a hotel. This property is great... just one complaint. Check out time is at 10am... and they mean 10am. At 10:01am... someone will actually knock on your door asking if you are checking out. Nothing like feeling rushed out at the end of a vacation. I didnt see lines of people waiting for my room so what's the big deal? The sister property Tahiti Village is NOT like this, so although CDS is nice... the check out just irks me. Otherwise, great place!!	
May 22 2008 	Above average accomadations	We stayed at Club de Soleil phase 1 and found all staff &amp; accomadations were above average, we had the two bedroom unit, lite noise from upstairs unit yes but no more then most hotel units, the free shuttle service they operate is very accomadating and it is nice to get off the strip and lounge by the pool. I would highly recommend Club de Soleil phase 1 or 2.	
Apr 27 2008 	A Great Place to stay when in Las Vegas	We spent one week at the Club de Soleil when we attended the Con Expo in Las Vegas this year. We shared the 2 B/R condo with another couple. Both Bedrooms had King beds and whirlpool tubs. The 2nd B/R had its own separate entrance which makes it great for sharing with friends. Pool is open all night, but was never noisy.The staff was very helpful and we had no problem with being approached for timeshare presentations once we advised them that we were not interested. (Some places just don't take &quot;no&quot; for an answer.) We stayed in Phase II, Rooms 319 and 319A which looked over the pool area. The place was clean and attractive and when we needed additional kitchen accessories they were available upon request. (Some items like pizza pans and cutter are available, but not in each room - just ask if you need something that isn't stocked.) Each 2 B/R unit had a Washer and Dryer in the larger side. They will furnish all the detergent you will need, so don't bother to try to figure out how to transport the liquids if flying.The resort offered excellent shuttle service to two locations on the strip each hour as well as the grocery store each morning. There is a large grocery store a couple blocks from the Club de Soleil so we drove there, but it would be handy if you were traveling without a car. They also offer inexpensive side trips. I would highly recommend going to Red Rock Canyon and the Valley of Fire Park. Both locations were beautiful places to relax after spending time on the strip. The hiking trails are great.We traded our Timeshare in Key West through Interval and would consider going to this same place again in 3 years for the next Con Expo in Vegas.	
Mar 21 2008 	nice place to spend a week	we are staying at the club du soleil and it is a very nice place! exceptionally clean. beautifully decorated with granite counter tops, professional quality pots and pans, loads of towels, fireplace. The shuttle is very convenient and has been exactly on time all week. the people were all very polite. there are the 3 complaints though. 1. when we checked in early 2pm we were told our room was not ready and we would be called when it was ready so we went to the orleans for a couple hours and came back at 4 (regular check in time) we were told that our room would be ready in 10 mins only to wait for about an hour in the lobby finally after asking for the 3rd time they let us go up to our room. 2. walls paper thin lots of banging and nose blowing.....3. no daily maid service unless you callwe have a 2 bedroom and would stay here again	
Feb 28 2008 	Excellent Place to Stay!	I traded a time share for this unit. After I booked I read all of the negative reviews and I was thinking I made a mistake. This place was everything I wanted!We had an excellent room, #332 corner with view of Tropicana Avenue and the mountains. We rented the 2 bedroom unit with the kitchen. The bathrooms included a whirlpool tub and the master bath had two sinks with many drawers for storage. The beds were exceptionally comfortable with lots of pillows. We used the washer and dryer a few times as well and it worked great! Rooms were exceptionally clean, well stocked with kitchen items, and towels.The weather was a little cool so we decided not to swim. I stuck my hand in the pool water and it was very warm, so we could have if we would have brought our bathing suits. I would recommend renting a car because it's a ways to the strip. The shuttle is great and we took it several times to the strip and then took a cab back. This property is within walking distance to the grocery store. Staff was really friendly and helpful. They even printed out my son's boarding pass ahead of time. This helped a lot because he wasn't checking any baggage and could go directly to security. They had a few days supply of coffee in the room, but they also had coffee in the lobby which was free! I would stay here again!	
Feb 22 2008 	Good Deal	We have been to Vegas numerous times but this time we decided to travel the &quot;cheapo&quot; way. We were able to get 3 nights free...Ok, nothings free but from attending the time share presentation, our 3 nights and $100 dinner gift certificate were free. Upon arrival to the Club, we began check-in. We were traveling with another couple so we wanted our rooms near each other, not in separate phases (there are two building phases here and they are across the street from each other). Before arrival we did make requests through Consolidated Resorts but I guess they never made it to the hotel. After about 1.5 hours (they originally had us in the two separate phases), we finally made it into our connecting rooms in Phase 1 (the older phase). The rooms were better than expected. We had the Lock off and our friends had the connecting 1 bedroom. Both were very nice rooms/suites. The one bedroom had a full kitchen, small dining table with 4 chairs, living room with pull out couch, chair and TV, nice big bathroom and bedroom. Our lock off unit had a normal hotel sized bathroom, small kitchenette (no stove or oven) small table with two chairs for eating, and I believe a king sized bed (although the length felt more like a queen). As for the noise, we never heard anything from above, below, or on either side. The bed was very comfy, the towels were plush, and the room smelled clean. It was a very pleasant stay.The hotel in the morning did offer complimentary coffee, hot chocolate, and tea. The free shuttle left on the hour starting at 9am and returned back at 11:30 during the week and 1:30 on weekends. They either picked you up at NYNY, TI, or the Orleans casino. Considering the room was free, we did not mind the shuttle service but we do prefer staying on the strip and being able to come and go whenever we please instead of being on the hotels schedule.Would we stay here again, probably not (we like being close to all the action) but for the thrifty traveler, this time share deal was great and very well worth it!P.S. The time share people were very convincing and pushy. Plan on being there for about 3 hours...not two if you are not going to buy.	
Feb 3 2008 	Las Vegas Goodtime	Excellent location, just off strip and within walking distance to necessities such as food, grocery store etc. Outstanding shuttle service, however must take into account the terrible traffic of Las Vegas, but still it is better than traveling on Las Vegas Blvd. The 2 bedroom suite was a vacation dream of a lifetime, yes there was the usual annoyances that you expect from hotels such as footsteps from room above etc. But overall the size, ammenities, and services provided far exceed the few annoynances. If you get a chance definitely take the Red Rock Canyon tour, you can't beat the price.	
Jan 9 2008 	Would be ok except for ONE FATAL FLAW	After reading reviews on TripAdvisor I was glad to snatch up a room for reasonable rates during the peak CES tradeshow.Pluses: Away from the Strip (this could be a minus depending on your needs) but close enough to get there in 5 min drive, reasonably priced wireless Internet access, clean rooms, nice bathrooms.Minuses: This is the fatal flaw: the room I was in had one of those shared doors with the room next door. It does a horrible job of sound insulation. I could hear the guests next door talking, as in I was able to understand all their words. I could hear them watching TV. I could hear them laughing and using the restroom. I'm just glad I didn't hear them....you know. Not only that, the room above me had bad sound insulation as well. I could hear them tromping around like they were moving furniture.Summary: With walls likely made of paper mache, I have to give this place a big thumbs down. Most people want rooms that are quiet...is that too much to ask? Apparently here it is.	
Jan 5 2008	Club de Soleil in December	My parents have a timeshare and they booked the Club de Soleil for a family vacation over New Year's Eve. We stayed in the two bedroom lock-out unit. The resort is off the strip and if that doesn't bother you, I wouldn't hesitate to stay there. The units were clean and the staff very accommodating. Different activities are scheduled throughout the week and they offer a shuttle service to the nearby Orleans Casino and the strip. It wasn't warm enough to swim but the pool area looked nice. The condo was close to several restaurants, grocery and drug stores.	
Oct 24 2007 	Needs help!!!	I'm surprised the reviews are so positive on this property....but there are two different parts to this hotel and we must have gotten the older, run-down rooms. Everything was worn and dated; the cabinets in the kitchette were peeling &amp; the stove was pulled out (I guess they were working on it). It is one of the few properties in Vegas that have 2 bedroom suites w/ 2 baths.Breakfast consisted of generic toaster waffles (you couldn't even put them in the toaster yourself; a staff member had to do it for you) and ice cream toppings. There were also some mystery meat sausages; not the standard breakfast variety.It's pretty far off the strip - you'll do better if you have a car than if you try to make the shuttles work for you.	
Oct 24 2007 	Very nice minor complaints	My parents own a timeshare with Interval Resorts and they requested this property for the week of October 12th. We had both the standard suite and the lock-off room and we had requested Club 2 because others had indicated on this site that it was staffed 24 hours a day and was about a year younger than Club 1. Anyhow, we arrived at 2 p.m., ahead of my parents, but since they had our name on the reservation, they let us check-in, EARLY. We did not get the thrid floor we had requested, but only because we were early. **Ask for the third floor if you are susceptible to noise. You can definitely hear people above you and no matter how quiet I tried to be on the second floor, my footsteps echoed quite a bit!**Negatives:Location: The drive down Tropicana is a nightmare, especially at rush hour, which seems to be all the time in Vegas. It took us about 15 minutes to get from the 15 Fwy to the property. Also, the people that live in that area drive like maniacs. Now, I drive fast, but I was really worried about my parents pulling in and out of that lot. VERY precarious. This place is quite a ways from the Strip, but since we had our kids it really was not a problem for us. The Orleans is a great, nearby choice.Amenities: With no restaurant on-site, you will have to go out to find food. Noise: We could hear the people above us around bedtime and a crying baby down the hall in the middle of the night, so these rooms are not soundproof by any means. Being on a busy roadway also made it &quot;noisy&quot; but only if we left the windows or sliding glass door to the patio open. All in all, it was a quiet place, but there was some minor noise from other patrons.My BIGGEST complaint was the lack of places to hang towels to dry after use!! There were only two hooks on the back of our bathroom doors and that was it! Nowhere to dry wet bathing suits, wet bath towels, or wet pool towels. I reverted to using the clothes dryer, which by the way was so loud it drove me nuts! I think it was broken because it sounded horrible!My second biggest complaint would be the fact that there were NO handles on the inside of the shower doors. They were so heavy and with wet hands, trying to open those bad-boys was next to impossible! They really should look into handles. Also, my Mom has mobility issues and while the beds are very low to the ground, the leap up into the shower/tub was almost impossible for her. Even I struggled to get into (and out of!) the shower!Also, we had to make up the sofabed each and every night. Minor, but at a hotel you would likely not have to do this.CLEANLINESS:I am a clean FANATIC, so no place is ever, ever, ever clean enough for me, but I have to say, with the exception of a few surfaces, this place was pretty clean. I brought my own Clorox wipes, that's how bad I am, and I see dirt and &quot;stuff&quot; on everything, so when I say it was pretty clean, I need to clarify because I pretty much check out a room from top to bottom before I move in: the walls in this place are in desperate need of paint. Lots of smudges on them and also on the granite counters, fridge handles, etc. One &quot;stain&quot; that bothered me the most was a little brown smudge right next to the toilet paper holder on the wall. Yes, I know what it was. No, I did not call and complain or ask to get it cleaned. I have vowed to become less neurotic about cleaning and this was my cross for the week. But, if I saw that I can only imagine what else was lurking. Ugh. The shower and sinks seemed to be clean and the carpets looked clean. So, the room was pretty clean, but not clean enough, if you know what I mean. I warned you, I am a clean freak!Positives:The beds were VERY comfortable and the sheets actually stayed on the bed the whole time we were there!Extra pool towels, dishes, sample detergents, brand new sponges, etc. all made this a great spot. We made coffee, eggs and toast almost every morning and even baked cookies on our last day. The clean freak in me washed everything by hand first! The towles were nice and soft and the appliances (toaster, coffeemaker, full-size fridge, microwave, oven, etc.) were all in good shape, except for that clothes dryer!We were glad to partake in the use of the pool and jacuzzi, and although a few people said the pool was too cold, I have to disagree. It wasn't warm, by any means, but it was just fine. I would not have wanted a room over the pool and was quite glad ours was about 3 suites away. I think 201 to 215 would be the range I would stay in if on the second floor. The odd # rooms face the pool/putting greens in Club 2 and the evens face the parking lot. But, the pool was virtually always empty, so I guess it depends on the crowd.This is a GREAT place if you don't mind the drive to the Strip. We ventured out to the Hoover Dam, Ethel M Chocolates (rip off), bowling at South Point, NY NY, Fremont Street, etc. and this was a great jumping off point. Highly recommended for families or couples wanting to save a ton of money but still get an AMAZING place to stay. We go to Vegas about 6 times a year and usually stay on the Strip, but with prices climbing and payouts waning, I would definitely stay here again to save some money for the tables!!!	
Oct 18 2007 	Great Rooms Mediocre Features	We arrived in Las Vegas at around 10am. Check in at the Club wasn't until 4pm. They gladly checked our bags for us which was an excellent plus. We were also able to use the shuttle which was great, also. They told us that they would call us when our room was ready, so we took off to explore the strip. Unfortunately, we never received a call so I suppose our room wasn't ready before four. Upon checking in, we were immediately pleased with the room. We stayed in a two bedroom suite. It was very roomy. One side was a lock-off bedroom, with a bathroom and a kitchenette. The larger side was a bedroom, bathroom, full kitchen and a living room, which included a fireplace and a balcony. There were five of us, so the living room with a pull out couch really became a third bedroom. The room was immaculately cleaned and we were very happy with it. One of the jetted tubs did not work, which we didn't discover until nearly the last night of the trip. But, that was the only room downfall.The hotel had a pool area (it was way too cold to swim) that, fortunately, also had a hot tub. The area was open 24 hours, which originally we thought was great. However, it turned out to be overrated. The pool area was literally in the middle of a bunch of other suites. They were behind and right next to other suites. One night, after a long day of walking the strip, we decided to go down and enjoy the hot tub. I wouldn't have even mentioned this had it been true, however, about 10 minutes into our &quot;hot tub experience,&quot; a security guard came out from the lobby and told us he had received complaints (as in multiple) of noise and if it continued, he would have to ask us to leave. There had been little to no conversation between the four of us at all so we just decided to pack it in. It would have been impossible for us to have been any quieter. I would suggest that, being that there are other patrons staying so close to the area that the sounds of people moving around in a hot tub would disturb them, they should attach hours to the privileges of the pool.The only other downfall of the hotel was that, although you're given a paper schedule of shuttle departure times, they aren't always necessarily accurate. I would suggest arriving to the pick up spot about 10 minutes prior to the listed time. Upon exiting the door of the Riviera, we saw the shuttle leaving, 10 minutes early, and were left to wait another hour for a returning shuttle. We discovered cabs were a little more convenient for the five of us, resulting in about a $10 - $15 fare from most places on the strip. Also, on the weekdays, the last shuttle leaves at 11pm, so if you're night owls, you'll also find this inconvenient. The hotel also offers a free trip to Fremont Street on Wednesdays, but if you want to go, make sure you schedule your spots with the front desk early. By Monday morning, all two shuttles were completely booked. The Deuce also runs to Fremont Street and offers a 24 hour bus pass for $5, you can catch it at the Riviera but it tends to be stuffed to the brim and, for the most part, uncomfortable.Overall, the hotel is really nice. The staff was, mostly, friendly and they gave us a welcome packet that included free passes to nightclubs and show coupons. We were never once pressured into a sales pitch (it is a time share, after all). I will probably never stay at this hotel again, but merely for the reason that I prefer the hustle and bustle of the strip and this was just a bit too far away from the strip for me. The closest casino was The Orleans and it was about a 15 minute walk (we did it many times). It was nice to have everyone in our group stay together (where else can you book a two bedroom suite for a good price?) so I would recommend this for families who enjoy a laid back vacation.	
Oct 2 2007 	So Comfortable	My husband andI traveled with friends, and all 4 of us had a great time. The resort was comfortable, exceptionally clean, great location (being off the strip is a plus - but close enough to enjoy it). I especially like the set up of the two bedroom suite. The fireplace was great to use at night. The shuttle buses were prompt, and driven by pure professionals. If you get the chance, check out the Red Rock Canyon tour given by Norm. You can sign up at the concierge desk. He is fabulous, and the cost of the trip (transportation, guide, and entrance to the park) was only TWO dollars. The trip is absolutely the best bargain in Vegas. I would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Oct 1 2007 	Great Off-Strip Resort	My husband and I stayed at Club de Soleil for 10 days in August/September 2007.It is actually 2 separate resorts - Club 1 and Club 2. We stayed in a 2nd floor unit in Club 1. While this part is lovely with a pool and tennis courts, the main part is Club 2 which houses the office staff and reception. We had some issues with regard to our unit, which was compounded by the fact that there were no staff onsite to assist, and we had to keep going to Club 2. I would therefore suggest that if you are going to book that you request a unit in Club 2.The large units themselves are extremely spacious with excellent facilities such as dishwasher, washing machine and dryer, spa bath, full stove with oven and everything needed supplied (including pool towels, washing powder etc) The only real negative I have is that the reception staff were not at all helpful, on occasions to the point of rudeness. Overall however this is a great resort, and we would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 17 2007	nice place	The club was nice place to stay, service was good. good location but the pools and spa need better daily attention.I have stayed in better 5 star resorts, but this one was not bad.	
Jul 22 2007 	Not Bad "We'll be back"	Had a nice short stay at the De Soleil. We stayed for four days. Place was quiet, but no room service. Kitchen was a nice extra. Very clean; Good staff. We'll see ya Thanksgiving!	
Jul 22 2007 	Nice Place but small	We just returned from a week timeshare at ClubDeSoliel in Las Vegas. It was an exchange for a timeshare. It was a nice clean 2 bedroom exchange but it was very small. It did compare to the Marriott in configuration of the room and lack of maid service. The staff was friendly and helpful and the bus service was plentiful. I was just very surprised at the size of the rooms. It was off the strip and didn't have a casino attached which was great for us because we had children with us. We rented a car to see everything else around like the Hoover dam and the Red Rocks but it wasn't necessary since they had trips from the hotel. It was a very nice trip and a good palce for us to stay.	
Jul 20 2007 	Very enjoyable stay	My husband, daughter and I went to Vegas in July to attend a dance competition in which my daughter was competeing. We were able to obtain a one bedroom unit at Club de Soleil through Interval International. I was not sure what to expect, but was very pleasantly surprised after checking in. We were in the section with the registration center. There is a second section about a half a block further down Tropicana and seperated by an apartment complex. Our room was 2016. I think that was in building 3. It was the second floor (of 3) and our balcony overlooked the back parking area. That may not sound very wonderful, but we actually liked it because it was quiet - not near Tropicana- and we could see part of the strip lit up at night. I do not like traffic noise and so this worked out well. It was also in the shade all afternoon so that is certainly better in my book when the temperature was over 107 degrees. The room itself was extremely clean - and I am very fussy about that. It was not lavish, but nicely furnished and comfortable. The kitchen was immaculate. It could have benefited from a few more utencils and pots, but it was adequate. There is a great and clean BBQ (actually 2) with granite counters around them outside in the courtyard. We enjoyed great steaks one evening.The bed was comfortable and we slept well except for some idiot's car alarm went off 2 mornings in a row. Same car, don't know why it happened.The one thing that I want to really comment on was the high level of service that they provided. Whatever I asked for was immediatley attended to. One evening I forgot to ask for extra linens before we went out for the night. I called the front desk at around 11PM not thinking it would be possible to get some, but it was no problem. They had the night security guard bring them up to me. I was so astounded. Also, we were not bothered by the concierge about a time share sales pitch. It was offered, I declined and that was that. She was very helpful about providing us other info that we asked for. The pool was not big, but it was well maintained and wonderfully warm. My daughter and I spent hours lounging in the water. The spa was great too. I loved the shade cabanas they had as well as numerous trees around the perimiter that provided much needed shade from the heat and sun. Yes, some of the leaves blew into the pool in the afternoon wind, but an attendant came around to clean them out. Believe me, I would rather have the shade and put up with a few leaves in the pool!! The pool was NEVER crowded while we were there. Maybe 10 people max and many times we were the only ones there. Loved it!!! Also there are no posted hours. The pool is open 24/7 for those of you night owls who might want to take a spa. I am sure you would have it entirely to yourselves.We felt that the facility was well maintained, staff friendly and rooms comfortable. We did not use their shuttle as we had a car, but I noticed one frequently out front. We loved that it was quiet (really only heard noise from above a few times and none from next door during the entire week we were there) and away from the strip. We left feeling very relaxed and would definately return again.	
Jul 16 2007	Nice accomodations little hassle	When we traveled to Vegas from July 6-13 this summer, we stayed at Club de Soleil. We had two one bedrooms and two suites because there were 8 of us. The jacuzzi bath tub was great and the pool and spa were nice too. The kitchen and living room were very nice and the room came with a cd stereo which was great for the nights when I was getting ready for dinner or a night out and needed a little music to set the mood. There was also a DVD player just in case you wanted a break from the lights and slots. Half way through our stay we got a message that there was a leak and we needed to change rooms so they could fix it. That was a pain in the neck and there was nothing we could get comped because it was a timeshare. Also, they turned off the water one night from 8 p.m. to 4 a.m. because of a plumbing problem. Other than those two things, our stay was very nice and the accomodations were just enough.	
Jul 16 2007 	A Good Place to Stay	In spite of several of the photos and minor criticisms I will include, in honesty I would stay here again in a heartbeat. We were fortunate enough to get a &quot;Strip View&quot; room (there are very few, so request early if you want one) and virtually every part of our stay was positive. The room was clean, spacious, quiet, and well-appointed: deck/patio with table and two chairs, full kitchen, large bathroom with jetted tub, washer and dryer, iron and ironing board, fireplace (not needed as Vegas temps reached 116!), tv in the living room and bedroom, DVD player in living room, as well as a small stereo.With the exception of one concierge who was brusque, everyone was friendly and helpful. Parking is plentiful, covered, and patrolled by a security guardComplimentary waffles and sausages were served for breakfast Saturday, Sunday, and Thursday. The shuttle to the strip is a great service, and, not to be missed, for $2.00 per person (cheaper than if you take your own car): the guided trip to Red Rocks on an air conditioned bus, by the knowlegeable and amiable driver/guide, Norm.The minor criticisms: A surpising number of things seemed out of order and were not dealt with during the week we stayed. In fairness, none of these bothered me, as I wasn't interested in using any of them, but it seems like these should be addressed more quickly. All not working: one excercise machine, the lobby computer for guest usage, the DVD rental machine, and the water fountain at the pool. Also, as it was windy, the pool collected a lot of leaves and other tree debris, and by afternoon, the pool surface needed cleaning. The pool is not supervised (no life guard), but it is open 24/7, which is convenient, especially on warm or hot nights. At The Orleans, by contrast, the pool closes at 8:00 pm, which seems awfully early, and that is true at many of the strip casinos also.In all, we enjoyed staying off the strip. You are only 2 miles from NY, NY / Excalibur / MGM Grand etc., 20 minutes from Red Rocks, and less than an hour from Mt. Charleston.Top flight? No. Perfect? No. But we liked it very well and it made our stay in Las Vegas all the more enjoyable.	
Jul 3 2007 	Comfortable but with caution	My wife and I stayed in the small side. The room was comfortable and clean. The bed was soft. However, the doors dividing us from the main room made our first 2 nights difficult. When the guests came in early in the morning, we were awakened by the noise. The guests were not rude or inconsiderate. They had just come in from a night on the town in Vegas. We had to request a move to room without guests in the next room. The doors need to be sealed better. The guests in the other side were not overly loud, but you can hear everything they are saying especially if they stand next to the doors. I have stayed in other places with the dividing door and not had problems with privacy. If you are staying in both sides with family or other guests, treat it like an extra bedroom. However, if you are paying for some privacy you will be disappointed. We felt like our kids were babies again when we tried to keep our voices low all the time so the adjoining guests would not hear our conversations.Additionally, we stayed in section 1 which I thought would have the main lobby. If you need anything you have to go to section 2 a short walk away. Not a big problem but inconvenient. There was rarely someone in section 1 that could answer any questions or handle our problems with the dividing doors.Note to Ownership: This has the potential to be a really nice place to stay, but spend some money to improve the dividing doors. It is not a difficult fix, but will cost some investment. I would have to think long on returning with the current situation.	
Jun 17 2007 	loved it!	I was a little worried about staying here after reading reviews on other sites. We were given this room by consolidated resorts in exchange for a timeshare presentation at Tahiti Village. We arrived on saturday to a very clean and beautiful 1 bedroom unit. It has a kitchen with a full size fridge, microwave and dishwasher. The living room area has a sofa sleeper, chair, fireplace, and a dining table with 4 chairs. The unit we stayed in had a small balcony that faced the parking lot, we never went out there cause it was too hot, but other units had the balcony facing the pool. The bedroom was large and clean, the only complaint I had was that the air conditioning didn't seem to cool the bedroom very well but froze you in the living room. The bathroom was large also very clean with a jacuzzi tub and doors to enter from bedroom or hallway. They give you plenty of towels for 4 people and 4 pool towels. In the hallway is a washer and dryer that I used every night. I hate the cigarette smells from the casinos. The pool was a good size, heated, the jacuzzi was a little too hot but we were in there at 2am. The pools r 24 hours. The complex was very quiet and no one bothered us. It also has a tennis court and BBQ's but we did not use them. If you r staying for more than a couple of days I suggest you stop at the grocery store down the street and pick up some munchies, they have a shuttle to the store and casinos if you don't rent a car. If it is your first time in Vegas I suggest you rent a car, it's usually to hot and tiring to walk around. There are also plenty of Taxi's and limos but that can add up quick. I personally like downtown Vegas better that the strip	
Jun 15 2007 	Great for Groups of 4-5	I stayed at Club de Soleil in April 2007 for a bachelorette party. There were 5 of us girls and we had a 2 bedroom suite plus a pull-out couch, which was perfect for our needs! It was great having 2 bathrooms and the master bathroom was very large. Check-in was at 4pm, and we arrived around 2:00. We lounged at the pool in the meanwhile until our room was finally ready around 5:30. Our room had a balcony on the third floor overlooking the pool. The room was very clean and in good shape, except for the screen door to the balcony which was broken when we arrived. I can only think of 2 complaints: 1- The shower pressure was not very good, which is very frustrating for girls who have a lot of hair to wash! 2- The hot tub was filthy. I never saw anyone clean it while we were there and it was always full of bugs/leaves/etc. The water was so cloudy you couldn't see your hand more than 3 inches below the surface. Otherwise, our stay was very nice. They claim it is a 5-star hotel, which I would have to disagree with. Though it is a great hotel, it is not to the caliber of other 5 star timeshares I have stayed at. It was overall a very enjoyable stay.	
May 28 2007 	Great for families	Good for families. We went with our little boy and I especially liked that the pool and the hotel overall was quiet. The rooms were nicely decorated, large and had a nice bathroom with soaking Jacuzzi tub. They have an hourly shuttle to and from the strip which is nice since they are 2 miles away from. My one complaint is there is no food at the resort nor in walking distance. They do have an early am shuttle to the grocery store which is nice considering there was a full kitchen.	
Apr 17 2007 	money stolen from room	Just returned from holiday,enjoyed nice week at club de saoleil.Found accommodation very comfortable and no noise at all.The site is a way off from the strip but found the shuttle busto be totaly reliable,on time from the accommodatiom, nearly always ten minutes early away from pick up points.my only complaint? fifty dollars stolen from my daughters purse,accidentaly left out of the safe on a day we left very early for a day trip.A formal report was made but notfollowed up as yet	
Mar 3 2007	Not a bad place to stay	My wife &amp; I stayed here because of our time share Interval International. Interval had it listed as a 5star type location, however once arriving I noticed that it was awared this in 1998, Just after it was built most likely. A very unique place indeed, I loved the fact that most of the hallways were open to the fresh air, although the carpet in the hallways was pretty worn. Nice pool area, &amp; most of the hotel workers were very friendly. We stayed in a lock off unit, which was probably a mistake. If available I would recommend the entire unit. We did read that on a previous review that the wall were thin, which is very true, this is why I recommend the entire unit, &amp; not just the lock off.The shuttles to the strip were great, even though we did rent a car. We took the shuttle to the strip if at all possible, becuase of the traffic. The one thing that really annoyed me was the fact that as soon as we were complete checking in, we were subjected to the timeshare pitch. We were basicly signed up for the presentation even though we told them we already owned. Of course the NO OBLIGATION came up we chose that route. Overall not a bad place, but don't let the Interval International book convince you that it is 5stars. Again I would not mind staying here again as long as we had the entire unit &amp; not just the lock off. However, If we do return to vegas we may try for the Polo towers or something right on the strip.	
Feb 9 2007 	Nice comfortable stay...with all the amenities of home!	We had an excellent stay here. My husband and I were traveling with our one-year-old infant, and the amenities of a full kitchen and washer/dryer was an absolute must! We had plenty of room, and or son loved exploring the whole apartment. Walls are a little thin though, dishwasher noisy, and the washer is midget-sized, but what do you expect in a hotel room? Staff was friendly and we hardly ever felt like we were in a hotel. DIstance from the strip is manageable. We rented a car because we had other business to attend to, but others said the shuttle was great! I would definitely recommend staying here...	
Feb 6 2007 	Beautiful	My Husband &amp; I have just returned from a week at Club de Soleil in Las Vegas . We had such a wonderful stay here . The staff were great , they were all so very friendly and helpful.We stayed in a 2 bedroom and it was huge , it had a full kitchen , livingroom with a fireplace and sliding doors that went out to our Balcony that overlooked the pool , washer and dryer , it also had 2 bathrooms which included spa baths .................so very relaxing indeed !  They have a shuttle that leaves on the hour to go to the strip and Orleans as well . The stops on the strip are at Treasure Island and New York , New York . One of the shuttle drivers &quot; Clyde &quot; was wonderful !He was so funny and told us stories , he was always so helpful in helping us get to where we wanted to go , a great guy !The shuttle also leaves at 8am each day to go to Albertsons Grocery Store . My Husband &amp; I found Club de Soleil to be a great place to relax , it was just a few minutes from the strip so it was very convenient as well . We were there a full week and no one bothered us about taking a tour or about purchasing a timeshare , so that was really great ! I would highly recommend the Club De Soleil timeshare to anyone , Its Wonderful !	
Jan 28 2007	Excellent	Loved this resort, stayed in a two bedroomed unit with a lovely balcony and a great view of the mountains. Check in was fast and easy with very friendly staff. The unit was excellent with an abundance of towels and I really liked the small touches, i,e, toiletries and washing powder, and the sweets on the pillow! Two bathrooms, one was huge with a spa bath. There was a great shuttle service which we used when we did not want to drive, the shutle went to the strip and the Orleans which was only a few minutes away, The morning shuttle to Albertsons was a great idea. There was even a trip to Red Rock Canyon for only $2. We visit Las Vegas every January and have been for over 20 years and we find the strip a bit to busy so this was a perfect location although only a few minutes away from the strip. I highly recommend this resort.	
Jan 2 2007 	Worst place any side of the STRIP	This place is a disaster! First of all, we had 3 rooms booked and all parties came from different places, so we (the final party) arrived last at around 3pm. THey told us our bathtub was broken and would be fixed in 2 hours. We waited and waited but they never called us. We decided to go to the strip while they worked on this problem. We stop at the front desk and when the front desk lady called the maintenance man on the walkie talkie, he doesn't even know what room she is talking about! So, she promises us it will be ready in 2more hours. We say fine and go out. We come back at 11:30, thinking they would have had plenty of time to fix the room by now, and wouldn't you know it, they gave the room away. Many excuses later, they put us in the bottom floor of a smoky room. We get awoken in the middle of the night to moans and groans of someone nasty above us and needless to say, ask for a room on the 3rd floor. They say they have none so we wind up in the loudest room possible. There was a family of elephants above us and John Holmes was next door in a room only separated by a locked hollow door. This went on for a week. It was crap and even worse, it smelled like whatever your neighbor was cooking any time the stove went on. The heater would bellow smoke from other rooms and the phone even rang with a customer on the other line asking for me to connect them to reception.STAY AWAY! THIS PLACE IS NOT ONLY A DUMP, ITS RUN BY PEOPLE WHO COULD CARE LESS ABOUT YOU!	
Oct 10 2006 	Great time at Club de Soliel	We spent a delightful week at the Club de Soleil. The condo was clean, well organized, and provided everything we needed for a week in Las Vegas. There are two bedrooms with two king size beds and two baths with a jacuzzi tub in each. The only minor complaint was the couch was getting old and sagging. It needs to be replaced. I did notice them bringing some new furniture into some of the condos, so maybe it is on their list to replace. I did note it on the evaluation form. The shuttle service was prompt and efficient. I do wish they would include a few more drop off locations. But it is free and convenient. One tour I would recommend to do that will take you out of Las Vegas is to go to Mt. Charleston. We drove up there one day for lunch, and it is a beautiful drive. The restaurant there has beautiful views, and the food is very reasonably priced for a tourist location. I would not hesitate to recommend Club de Soleil to anyone who is looking for a nice clean place to stay in Las Vegas. It is not on the strip, but is very convenient to most any place you would want to go. We had a rental car, but we didn't take it out some days as the shuttle was so convenient.	
Sep 15 2006 	happy days	My wife and i have recently returned from a month long trip to the states, and the last leg of this trip was spent in the Club De Soleil. Some of the other reviews we had read prior to leaving the UK had made us somewhat anxious, but we needn't have worried as this turned out to be one of the best places we have ever stayed. The apartments were furnished to a very high standard and the cleaning was spot on. The staff couldn't do enough for us and as for the the warning about the dreaded timeshare salesmen we never saw one in our ten day visit. Although the pool area was fairly small, we always seemed to get a good spot to catch some sun. We would not hesitate to return to the Club De Soleil, and would highly recommend it to anyone who has had enough of staying in busy hotels along the strip. PS. dont be tempted to book a studio apartment, its small and the kitchen is non existent, go for the 1 bed apartment instead.	
Sep 14 2006 	Week in Vegas.	We spent Sept 1 - 8 on our honey moon in Vegas. We decided on this resort because of some of the reviews on here and its location off the strip. The room was nice, clean, and quiet. Basically our room had it all, laundry, kitchen (full size) Jacuzzi tub, air conditioning, several small appliances, bedroom, stereo, 2 televisions and a nice balcony. The only draw back to the whole room was the lack of working power outlets in the kitchen, 5 in the kitchen and 1 worked. That didn't cause a problem until you were trying to make coffee, toast and iron something (closest plug to the iron was in the kitchen). But that being said it was very minor in the whole trip. The pool is kept very clean, and at most times during the day you are pool side by yourself. Also on site is a tennis court, and again it is clean and the surface looks to be tended to. Because of the location off the strip they have several shuttles that will pick you up on the hour and drop you off at one of 4 hotels. They also shuttle you to the grocery in the morning. It seems like every shuttle we took was driven by Eddie. Now what a character, his stories and conversation sure made the rides fun. We rented a car on our trip and they had plenty of parking available, I would recommend if you stay here to try to rent a car. If you want to go somewhere other than the strip you would need to cab it every time if you don't have a car, and consider that you are 3-4 miles off the strip. Surrounding this resort are other resorts, and close by are some fast food places and a drug store and several convenience stores. So all in all I would stay here again, my trip was very satisfying and fun. If you want to relax and you don't want the hustle and bustle of the strip I would recommend this resort.	
Aug 21 2006	Corporate fixed their mistake	I wrote the review belong &quot;worst stay in Vegas.&quot; Some of what I said still stands -- their shuttle was a problem, and many of the staff we spoke with were not helpful. However, I wrote a detailed letter to their corporate office explaining the terrible time we had, and the problems we experienced. We got a nice apology, a refund of some of our money and a complimentary stay. So I just wanted to say that someone did listen, and cared enough to try to make right with an unhappy customer!	
Aug 18 2006	Nice Time	This is a time share, however we were not hasseled and had a good time. We stayed 7 days. at this hotel it is located off of the main strip and is realatively small. (La Quinta size) the rooms were great, ours had a great juccuzi tub and kitchenet. the hotel has a shuttle which leaves every hour to various spots on the strip. the shuttle was great and very punctual both ways. the shuttle will also take you to the store, we loaded up on fruit/snacks/ and drinks. the pool was nice, small but never crowded and you could always get chairs no matter what the time. there were avtivities to choose from we went on the fremont experience it was great.We would go back! however we will go to mandalay bay first mostley because of the beach and pools. we were relaxed here	
Jun 20 2006	Perfect Perfect Perfect	My wife and I just came back from Vegas we stayed at the Club De Soleil. First let me say this. All the negative reports about this resort are untrue. The resort is modern ,clean and well kept.Our room was beautiful As soon as we checked in we were provided a welcome package that contained many deals and discounts The shuttle service was on time and they even provided a shuttle service every morning that will take you grocery shopping. The drivers were very courteous and informative. For example on the las vegas strip thier is a bus that will take you up and down the strip and even downtown all day long for 5 bucks. Its called the duece. I would have never known about if it were not for the drivers. Also they promote a trip to red rock canyon for 2 bucks. The driver Norm is fantastic. To be honest this trip is worth more than 2 bucks. Norm provides quality information about this historic part of our country. Club Desoleil is a top notch resort for families and couples To all of the people who posted negative comments go stay at the Wynn or the Bellagio where you can spend 500$ bucks a night for a room and lobby madness.	
May 12 2006	No problems from our perspective	Just returned from 2 weeks in Vegas. Had a 2BR unit at the Club de Soleil. Was concerned going in based on the wide variance in the reviews I had read. Only negative to report - the down channel button on one of the 3 TV remotes was defective. Mentioned it to maintenance while they were replacing the VCR with a DVD player - brought a replacement remote within 10 minutes. Hard to call that a negative.Check in (although after 10PM) was smooth and quick. Asked if it would be possible for us to occupy the same unit for both weeks to avoid having to pack and move. Answer was that that probably was OK - and this happened without a hitch.We used the kitchen facilities and washer/dryer extensively. All worked well. Housekeeping willingly supplied additional dishwashing liquid and laundry detergent.Noise? - there was none. The property was quiet to a fault.Time share pitches? - was not approached even once in 2 weeks.Parking - ample covered spaces - very valuable considering the Vegas sun. Can't conceive of not having a rental car in Vegas - there are so many things to do - many of which are miles from the Strip. Oh, don't plan to make a left turn out of the property - except for Sunday morning, traffic on Tropicana is completely uncooperative.Check out? at 4AM - barely took 15 seconds.General assessment - certainly not a Marriott, but more than adequate for our purposes - and far better than I was expecting given some of the prior postings.	
May 2 2006	Great place to be!	My family and I (wife and 3 children) checked in on a Tuesday afternoon after a long drive from SoCal. Upon check in, the clerk stated that he was closing, and that I'd have to walk across the street to the other reservation desk. I started to go, but about 20 feet out the door, I thought &quot;this is wrong...&quot;. So, I walked back and asked the clerk to fire up the computers because I was not about to walk 10 minutes away while my family waited in the parking lot. Grudgingly, he checked me in.We have a 1 bedroom timeshare at Club de Soleil which we purchased in November '05. This was our first stay. The living room and bedroom were very clean, as was the kitchenette. The bathroom was large, and had a jacuzzi bathtub. The kitchen was fully stocked with all cooking utensils, as well as a coffee pot, large refridgerator, dishwasher, and microwave.The staff was helpful; I called for extra blankets and pillows at 10:00 p.m., and they showed up within 10 minutes.The kids used the pool; I used the gym, which had free weights and a universal gym. There were TV's in both the living room and the bedroom; a vcr was also available in the living room.The fireplace was a nice touch, although it definitely is just for looks, and not for heat. Wireless internet was available at $9.95/day, or $35 for 5 days.A grocery store is available further west on Tropicana, and there's a Walgreens and Starbucks nearby. Overall, it was a very pleasant experience, with none of the previous post's complaints about loud salesmen. I will be visiting again for Memorial weekend.	
Mar 19 2006	A Perfect Las Vegs Get Away	My husband wanted to vacation in Las Vegas but I wanted some peace and quiet, Club de Soleil was the answer. Check in and check out could not have been easier. We checked out at 5:00 AM. All we had to do was call the front desk to let them know we were checking out and also asked them to call us a cab which was there in 10 minutes. Our stay was quiet and the convenience of the shuttles made getting to and from the grocery store and the strip easy. Everyone was very friendly and went out of their way to accomodate us. The fireplace wasn't working when we checked in but first thing the next morning someone arrived to fix it. The room was clean and even included maid service half way through the week. The narrated trip to Red Rock Canyon cost us $2.00 each!!! We have been to many different resorts and this one was the most accomodating and had the most to offer for a peaceful Las Vegas vacation.	
Dec 26 2005	not up to expectations	We were told that wireless internet connection was availabe. Hauled our computer 2000 miles to find out it wasn't availabe. Bigest problem was the cheap construction of the rooms. Normal conversation could be heard from the adjacent rooms as though the walls did not exist. Made sleeping difficult. It was 40 degrees outside and we had to run the airconditioner just to keep from hearing the people and their TV next door. We had reservations for another stay later this summer but will be cancelling them. Not a happy camper.	
Nov 28 2005	Good for a Getaway not so much for a trade-in	I will start this review by saying that I'm a Marriott owner, so like some other reviewers, I have come to expect a certain level of service, ammenity, and quality for the places that I trade my timeshare in for. That said, I got my week through Interval as a Getaway, which means that I didn't have to trade my timeshare week in, but instead paid cash for the week. We got a pretty good deal - $299 for a Wednesday-Wednesday 2BR week, which was perfect because we were looking to just spend a long weekend there.My name was on the reservation, but my brother-in-law got there before me, and he had no problem checking in. I called beforehand to get his name in there, and they were very receptive and had no problem. My only problem there was being put on hold for literally 20+ minutes, and it wasn't even an 800 number. Thanks to work for footing the bill there.The room was decent, but if you are expecting a Marriott type appointment, you will be disappointed. The main room was really pretty small: enough room for a couch and a chair, tv and coffee table, but that's it. The couch was big enough for 2 people, and the chair one, so when all 4 of us wanted to sit and watch tv, we had to bring a chair in from the dining area. The dining area had a round table for 4, and behind that was the bar divider for the galley style kitchen. I would say the overall room including the kitchen was probably about 20x10, which is respectable, but felt more hotel than condo. I don't think it would've been comfortable with more than 4 people. The 2BR setup is a 1BR with a lockoff, and the lockoff side had a small kitchenette, and actually was a little nicer. The other BR was decent sized, decent bed, pretty big bathroom, but really thin walls, so you could hear everything that was going on in the main room very well. The lockoff side had thicker walls.We were on the first floor, right at the middle of the pool, but luckily it was either a slow week or the sounds didn't travel too well, so it was quiet enough. However on the other side of the room was the parking lot, and there are a ton of shuttle buses that park there, so every morning we were greeted with the beep beep beep of them backing up. One thing that you will be happy to know is that the fire alarms work. Our last morning there the fire alarm went off at 5am, and there is no way you could sleep through that. Luckily no one knew how to turn it off and it continued until 5:45am, long after the fire department had come and verified that it was a false alarm.The last thing I would like to mention is that although it is apparently only 2 miles to the strip, it can seem a lot longer than that. We were dumb enough to return from our daily outings to the strip around rush hour, and the two miles of lights took half an hour each day to neogotiate. So even though it seems close, it's a lot further from the strip than I thought it would be. We took the shuttle service to the strip when we went out at night, and that was convenient. A cab back from the Trop was $10 the one night, and from Freemont St, it was about $20.So overall, I'm pretty ambivalent about this place. If you're looking for a Marriott quality place, this isn't it. If you're looking for a pretty good deal on a place in Vegas, and don't particularly care about a bit of inconvenience getting to and from the Strip, it's a pretty good bet. If you're looking to be in the Vegas area and sightsee places like Red Rock Canyon, Hoover Dam, and the Valley of Fire, I think it's a very good base camp. Personally, I would not trade my timeshare in for this place, but as a Getaway it was a good deal, and a lot cheaper than staying on the Strip in a casino/hotel. Next time I would probably check out one of the other timeshares on the Strip like the Jockey Club, but I think my experience there was worth what I paid for it.	
Nov 8 2005	Clean but less than what we expected	We stayed for one week at Club de Soleil as a time-share trade for part of our Marriott two-bedroom villa in Orlando through Interval International. The picture in the Interval catalogue and the description of the property was intriguing - if not a bit deceiving. We checked the reviews here at tripadvisor before accepting this property as a trade and it seemed that a lot of people liked their stay. We tended to overlook those who gave poor reviews - a mistake. We won't stay here again - there was nothing really wrong, it is just that we have gotten used to the Marriott level of service and resort quality - Club de Soleil doesn't even compare. We stayed in a one bedroom villa on the third floor in Phase I - overlooking the apartments across the street. The room furniture was dated, the cushions on the couch had flattened and the kitchen and bathroom counters were cheap - laminates instead of granite, hollow core doors in the bedroom and the two doors to the bathroom. We were at the end of the building so we did not have a lot of foot traffic passing our door, and we appreciated the quiet at night - plus we had a nice view of the Sierre Nevada mountains. We were given a schedule that included free breakfast in the mornings - bagels on some days and waffles on some of the others. We went once - stood in a small lobby area where a folding table was set up with a staff member toasting a choice of 5 different kinds of bagels. We got our plastic knife and foam plate for putting on the individual packets of cream cheese and jelly. We balanced this with our styrofoam cup of coffee with coffee mate - picture 25 to 30 people standing around or sitting in the few available chairs. We didn't do that a second time. The property is about 2 miles from the strip - on Tropicana ave - a major traffic route in the morning and evening - we had a rental car so we did not use the shuttle service. We were able to visit Hoover Dam and Red Rock Canyon - both were excellent side trips less than an hour from Vegas. We are not gamblers so we went to the hotels for the shows, unique attractions and restaurants. We ate at three buffets - Paris for breakfast - a must! dinner at Alladins ($25pp)- fantastic, and dinner at the Bellagio - what a treat. The Club de Soleil was clean and quiet but while in Vegas, we purchased another Marriott time share - that's where we will stay next time.	
Oct 31 2005	Very Happy with our stay at Club de Soleil	We are from Long Island, New York and last year when we visited Las Vegas we bought a two bedroom unit at this resort. This year we decided to spend a week there and try out the facilities. We were very pleased and found all the comforts of home in the unit we had on the third floor overlooking the pool and with our own balcony. The place is attractive looking and very nicely kept. The cleaning people do an excellent job of preparing the rooms for guests and if you stay seven days they clean the room once during the week. We rented a car for the week but would not do that again because they have such an excellent free shuttle service to the Strip on the hour. Not once during the time we were there were they late. The Concierge staff was very helpful in answering questions and offering assistance. I would advise signing up early for any provided activities because sometimes they fill up quickly. The trip to Red Rock Canyon was excellent as was the driver/guide (a retired school teacher). We have enjoyed our trips to Vegas and look forward to going back. It seems that there is always something new to see and do.	
Oct 18 2005	Cozy Retreat	We enjoyed staying at the Club and would return again. It was a nice retreat from the chaos of the strip. The Club is small but very comfortable. The equipment in the exercise room is sufficient and accessible 24 hours. Also the pool and jacuzzi were very nice and accessible 24 hours. The staff and the shuttle drivers were very friendly and helpful. There was coffee and tea available each morning. Waffles and bagels were available four times, a bbq one day and a wine and cheese party. The shuttle went to the grocery store each morning and was always on time. The shuttle to and from the strip was very dependable. Tracey and Angel arranged a helicopter tour to the Grand Canyon for us and we loved it. I have only good things to say about our week at Club de Soleil.	
Oct 17 2005	Club de Soleil... only way to stay in Vegas! You'll love it!!!!!	We stayed at Club de Soleil on Tropicana in Las Vegas. We had the two bedroom suite and were accompanied by our son and daughter-in-law. We enjoyed having separate entrances and a common living area and full kitchen. The suites were roomy and the second suite had a kitchenette. We had a washer/dryer and came home with clean clothes. Covered parking was a few steps away as was the pool. The Orleans Casino was right down the street so we could do some late night gambling without venturing too far from the room. There were numerous services nearby such as grocery stores, drug stores, gas stations, restaurants. We had a ball and highly recommend Club de Soleil. The staff was very accommodating and went above and beyond to make sure we had everything we needed. This is THE place to stay.	
Sep 24 2005	Wonderful Resort please disregard the naysayers below	A friend and I just returned from an amazing vacation in Vegas, staying in Club de Soleil timeshare we purchased off Ebay. The resort was gorgeous, we stayed in Club 2 - the 2 bedroom units - and I couldn't have been more pleased. All the comforts of home and then some. The shuttle system was excellent, and NEVER was the driver not on time. I don't know about driver's falling asleep at the wheel, but you definitely have to be on time - or they'll leave with out you.Another great thing was that the staff was not at all interested in us because they knew we were not there to buy a time share. That way, we were not constantly harrassed to purchase a time share as many other people were. However, since we were not there to buy a time share, the staff was very unfriendly towards us. The location of Club de Soleil was great for us. There is a bar called &quot;Magoos&quot; right next door and they are open 24 hours and also have table top video poker. We met some very friend locals there that made a phone call and got us on the guest list to the House of Blues Foundation Room @ Mandalay Bay - which I also highly recomend, if not only for the view - the club was sick.24 hour pool and hot tub was also key. Only negative, if you're looking to meet people at the club - it's mostly married couples and elderly. But you can always meet people on the strip, bring them back and impress.oh and word of the wise: if you want to get to &quot;the RIO&quot; or &quot;the Palms&quot;, take the Soleil shuttle to &quot;the Orleans&quot; and the Orleans shuttle will take you to those two casinos.Soliel shuttle goes to New York New York, the Orleans, Mirage, and the Riviera.That's all from me, AMAZING PLACE - Vegas and Soliel.	
Aug 19 2005	Nothing to Brag About	A group of friends and myself just returned from Club de Soleil in Las Vegas and were dissappointed with the place. We had a 2 bedroom unit with the door connecting the rooms. We were scheduled to have our rooms from Friday to the following Friday. They had asked us to call to let them know when we would be arriving. We called in advance to let them know that our flight landed early Saturday morning and we would be there shortly after that. When we arrived Saturday morning, they said that check in time was 4:00pm and we should return then. We had just driven 4 hours to the airport and flown all night to be told to come back in 6 hours. Needless to say, I was not impressed and told them that that was unacceptable since our reservation was actually for the day before. It took some time but they finally managed to find a room to put us into, but it was only the small half to the 2-bedroom. We were told that the large side wasn't finished being cleaned yet, but it would be done by 4:00pm and we would have access to it then. It was closer to 5:00pm before we were able to get into it. The second irritation we had the first day there involved the internet. We needed to rent a car, but the rates available through Club de Soleil were more that if we had booked at the airport! So we discovered that if you reserve online first and go pick up the car after, you get a deeply-discounted rate. We needed to book on the internet. They have internet access in their lobby that is a dollar per 10 minutes. We tried to reserve repeatedly, but the computer kept freezing. The 10-minute countdown didn't, however. So time ran out, and we put a second dollar in. We continued to try to navigate the reservation to no avail. Finally, we asked for some help. They offered no help except to tell us that the computer didn't work. They did give us our money back. We explained that we needed to use the internet for all of 5 minutes, but they wouldn't let us use theirs... they suggested we walk down the road to their sister resort, the Tahiti to use their (pay) internet. We really enjoyed having the free shuttle to the strip. It is supposed to leave on the hour. It actually left anytime between 5 minutes to the hour (the day we missed it) to 15 minutes after the hour (the day the driver was sleeping in the driver's seat). The location isn't too far off the strip, but far enough that you need the shuttle or a car rental. It is on Tropicana, which is a busy, noisy road. Please note if you are cabbing... our cab driver from the airport took the long way around to drop us off resulting in a $24 cab ride as opposed to the $12 cab ride back to the airport. If you cab, tell the driver to stay OFF the highway, it is unecessary.The rooms themselves are nice. The beds are quite comfortable. They have nice pool towels but small, scratchy bathroom towels. The pool was open 24-hours which was great.We were not bothered about timeshares as most people that submitted a review were, but when my boyfriend was cornered and they found out he wasn't married, they lost all interest in him and us. I would definetly NOT stay here again. Too many hassles on a holiday for me.	
Aug 14 2005	Very disappointed!	We traded our beautiful timeshare that we have in Colorado (2 bedrooms/3 baths) for a 1 bedroom 1 bath basic, ugly unit here. We were so disappointed, first they gave us a unit overlooking the dumpster and carport. Also, it was supposed to be a non-smoking unit - it stunk with smoke - set in on drapes, etc. We asked to be switched to another unit and the clerk said we would have to wait until tomorrow. We asked to speak to a manager and she was able to find another unit for us on the 3rd floor - slightly better view and it didn't smell.However, the only good thing we could find out this Club was their excellent shuttle system. Otherwise it is very basic, thin worn out towels, linens, etc. Also, everytime you pass the front desk (during the day) you are asked if you went to your timeshare presentation, when are you going, etc. We didn't go to Vegas to go to presentations!!! We finally decided that we were not really enjoying Las Vegas by being away from The Strip. We checked out early and went to the new Wynn Las Vegas and finally had a beautiful room with a fantastic view - lush towels, amenities in the bathroom, etc - what a treat and wonderful end to our vacation. I would never return to Club de Soleil again.	
Jul 31 2005	Covered with Timeshare lizards	This timeshare resort has the following problems. The 3rd floor is crawling with timeshare lizards all day. They are running up and down the hallways. hollering and shouting, whistling and clapping whenever they get a new sucker. They are walking the potential suckers up and down the hallways, trying to out loud each other. You cannot get any rest from 8am - 5pm.Changed rooms once to get away from it, but that didn't help. Left a book in the first room that magically disappeared when I moved. Left 3 pairs of gloves on the hot water heater when I check out and they magically disappeared when I came back a couple of hours later to get them.Last and not least is the loud road noise from Tropicanna Avenue that runs 24 hours per day. This is a good place to stay in Vegas, if you never stay in your room.	
Jul 22 2005	Very nice resort	My boyfriend and I just returned from Club De Soleil 2 days ago. Overall this is a very nice resort and we would stay there again, no questions asked. The pool, mini golf course and excercise room were all available to guests 24 hours, which was great because when my boyfriend and I returned from the strip we found it very refreshing to take a swim to get away from the heat! We even excercised a little in the eary mornings. The location of the resort was very convienient as well (even though we did rent a car). There were places to eat, 7-11's and different stores to purchase a few simple things just in case you didn't want to eat out, all within a short drive away. The only thing that kinda got us upset was that the rooms are only cleaned once a week and if by some chance you miss the day of the week your room is scheduled for cleaning you have to be squeezed in on another day. Luckily, the manager that was on the day I was told I missed my chance and had to reschedule, had that problem immediately solved and I had my room fully cleaned 15 mins later! Basically this resort is at the top of my list of a few places I absolutely would not have a problem staying at again. Well worth it!	
Jun 1 2005	Great accommodation	We have recently got back to the UK and I felt I must write a review to say what a terrific time my wife and I had at Club de Soleil (1). We couldnt have asked for more from our 1 bedroom apartment, it was clean, quiet and had everything we needed to enjoy our stay. The pool was small and we were surprised there was no bar, but this turned out to be no problem at all. The staff were friendly and helpful, and the free hourly shuttle to the strip was marvelous. We had a chance to compare our timeshare appartment with a nights stay at Circus Circus to complete our holiday. All we can say, is that it made us appreciate our Timeshare even more, as the hotel was extremely busy, noisy and the pool was overflowing with no space to swim.Thank you Club de Solail for making our fist trip to Las Vegas a fantastic memorable experience.	
May 20 2005	Great time - Inspite of the cool weather	The resort is a very nice and spacious and only a short drive to the strip. Its a nice quiet resort. If you want to be where the action is this is not the place for you. My family and friends welcomed the time away from the fussiness of the strip. It was very cool and windy during the end of March so we didn't get to go into pool. Definately take the Showtime tour to the Grand Canyon and Hoover Dam. See some of the show at the Flamingo hotel too. Gladys Knight and George Wallace was excellent. You can also get discount tickets the same night of the show at an outside vendor by the Riviera Hotel. The list the tickets that are available the same night of the performance. Visit the restaraurants in the Eiffel Tower. We enjoyed the casino in the Flamingo and Caesar Palace but stayed away from the Rio casiono (got lost in there for a half hour). I wouldn't recommend the buffets because the lines and waits are too long so poor to mediocre food. Its better to have a nice sit down meal.I definately would go back to Vegas and stay at the Club de Soleil.. there is so much to see and do that you can't do it in one trip.	
May 4 2005	Bring earplugs	We stayed here because there were no other timeshares available. We had to trade down from a 2 bedroom to a studio even though they had larger rooms when we got there. I asked not to get the room adjacent the office. They chuckled. Well, the room we were asigned was located next to a couple that enjoyed watching TV all day &amp; night (get a life!). So the next day we were moved next to an empty room. ... until a guy moved in who was on the phone all day starting at 8am. Drowned him out with our TV.As we headed to our first room after check-in an old guy started with the sales pitch. He wanted to know if we were seeing any shows while in town. I said we had our tickets and were tired and wanted to move in. He then turns to my wife and asks her the same question in a manner which I thought was rude. From then on we just ignored him whenever he tried to talk to us. Worked great.	
Apr 30 2005	Bonus!	Six of us just returned home from a week in Las Vegas at Club de Soleil. If you are looking for a top notch place to stay with great services, this is it! Free shuttle bus daily to the grocery store for those who like to eat in their suite; free shuttle on the hour to the strip, returning on the half hour; 3 free breakfasts (waffles 2 days; bagels another)coffee and tea every morning; wine &amp; cheese one day; bbq one day; for $2 a person, 3 hour guided trip to Red Rock Canyon; 3 hour trip one evening to Freemont Street Experience. Nice pool, spa and exercise room. Highly recommend Club de Soleil to everyone who wants a long stay but not in a hotel room setting.	
Apr 7 2005	Home away from home	We have recently returned from our stay at Club de Soleil. We were traveling with another couple and we were so pleased with our 2 bedroom unit. Each bedroom had it's own bathroom and TV, the 2nd bedroom being a lock off unit so there was privacy when you wanted it. Our unit was spotless and had everything you could ask for, full kitchen with utensils and washer/dryer, TV &amp; VCR and small patio. We were also most appreciative of a non smoking unit. We enjoyed lounging by the pool which was heated. The staff served breakfast in the lobby most days. There were planned activities like a wine &amp; cheese get together and tours available on certain days. We didn't make use of the shuttle as he had a car. The whole complex was very well maintained and clean. We will definately be going back.	
Feb 9 2005	Really nice	We stayed at this resort shortly after it opened as part of their promotional period. This is a really high end place. The service was fabulous, the amenties excellent, the suite fully equipped with really nice furnishings. There was a balcony, a lock off suite, full kitchen, good shuttle service. I have really no complaints about the quality, the service or anything else. The location was a tad too far from the Orleans or the strip for me but the shuttle service was so good that this small inconvenience is easy to overlook. They have putting greens, outdoor barbeques that anyone can use, internet service. Ahh. I've stayed at other resorts that are comparable in ratings but this was the nicest. If only I could score that great promotional price again. 	
Feb 3 2005	Absolutely Wonderful	My husband and I are Club owners and we love it. We don't like staying on the strip so it's perfect yet it's still close enough to get there within minutes. We drive from Phoenix to Vegas for our anniversary every year and wouldn't stay anywhere else. The hotel is quiet, clean, very comfortable and if you visit the concierge, you can get pretty good discounts on some of the shows. We would definitely recommend it to others.	
Jan 24 2005	Nice resort	My husband and I stayed at the Club de Soleil II during the week of January 15-22. This was a time share exchange, using a week from 2003 that was ready to expire. This was a nice resort, small, clean and friendly. The traffic on Tropicana Blvd. can be bad at times but managable at others. We rented a car, but also took advantage of the free shuttle service when it suited us. The shuttle runs to several of the strip hotel/casinos and was a nice treat. The drivers were friendly and knowledgable. The front desk, concierge and housekeeping staff were also very friendly. Beware that the concierge is also there to sign you up for timeshare presentations. We like doing them and were awarded several nice gifts for attending. We stayed in a 1 bedroom suite and it was very nice. Somewhat compact, but very comfortable for the 2 of us, and we took advantage of the full kitchen and small laundry that were in our suite. This saved us time and money for the week. Beware that there is a Club de Soleil I and II, located just down the street from each other. Club I has a tennis court and Club II has a mini golf course. You may use the facilities at either club. The pools and hot tub areas looked very nice. The pools are heated and open year round. We were not within walking distance to shops or restaurants, but located nearby. When visiting Las Vegas, we would book this resort again.	
Dec 3 2004	Very Nice	After reading the mixed reviews, we decided to take a chance and &quot;trade&quot; with Club de Soleil. Upon arrival, we decided to &quot;tour&quot; the property alone and determine which rooms in the various locations would be acceptable to us. When we got to the front desk, we told the clerk which rooms where we did NOT want to stay (i.e. near the sales office) and were given a key for a room on the fourth floor to inspect before checking in. We were delighted with our room and the east facing location. Tropicana Avenue is a very busy street, but we did not hear any traffic from our room.We were up early each day and on our way to various activities, so we never saw any of the sales staff or heard any of the noise coming from the sales area. Only once did they leave a message on our telephone asking us to attend a &quot;reception&quot;, but when we told them we were not interested in purchasing another time share, they never bothered us again.The maid service came to clean our room once, as expected and did a wonderful job. We found out our jetted tub was leaking on the neighbor below us; maintenance came in and fixed it immediately.We rented a car, so transportation to casinos, restaurants and shopping wasn't an issue. Comfortable place to stay.	
Dec 1 2004	Could be better	Like another couple said, we got stuck across the hall from the sales office. Being in Las Vegas, we were on a night schedule, getting in around 4AM. The noise was unbelievable across the hall after 9AM. I can't believe they put a sales office near guest rooms! We loved the two bedroom unit, although the beds were quite hard and by morning the mattress had fallen half off the end of the bed for no known reason. The rest of the place is great, although the washer and dryer are so small they are almost useless. Good location, a lot of services nearby, and we would stay there again but NOT in the same room. They really do need to address the issue of the sales office location. Waking too early to loud, cheering people is not my idea of a good time.	
Nov 11 2004	Beyond our expectations	We had a fabulous time staying at Club de Soleil. The staff was friendly and very accommodating. The rooms were very comfortable even with six of us there. I was overwhelmed when the flowers arrived on the day of my Mother's 80th birthday. I had just casually mentioned that we were there for that reason. A wonderful place to stay.	
Sep 9 2004	the place was great!	Just returned from Vegas and staying at the Club de Soleil. We loved the place and have no complaints. We stayed with friends,co we had a 2 bedroom suite. It was really nice, beds were king size and very comfortable. The bathrooms were nice with jacuzzi tubs. Nice size fully equipped kitchen, even a little kitchen in smaller room. would stay there again. It was close to strip too.	
Sep 2 2004	Disappointing	We just returned from this resort and we were disappointed by the place. Our room was directly across the hall from where the salespeople met daily and they were extremely loud and inconsiderate (whistling, yelling, slamming doors, walking up and down the hall yelling to each other, blocking the hallway, standing outside our door talking on their cell phones). We complained to the front desk a few times and were told that there was nothing they could do. The one young gentleman that I talked to told me that they have received many complaints regarding the salespeople but there was nothing that they could do. He didn't seem very concerned that we were unhappy. We cut our stay short due to the inconsiderate treatment and rudeness that we encountered from the sales staff of this resort. They were more interested in making potential sales then they were in keeping current customers happy! The livingroom area and kitchen were quite small and the furniture was uncomfortable, however the master bathroom was very large and the beds were more comfortable than most resorts. The air conditioners were extremely loud and rattled when they first kicked in. The pool was very nice and the location is great, only a couple miles from the strip. But unless the management does something different with the sales meetings and learns to treat existing customers better, I don't think that I would recommend this resort to anyone that I know.	
Aug 30 2004	Top Notch	Club De Soleil is a great place to stay if you wish to avoid the over rated Hotel madness on the LV Strip. The Clubs staff was very friendly and attentive to our needs. The common areas were appealing and the grounds well kept. I had a rental car to get around town so I am not at liberty to judge the LV Strip shuttle service they offer. What I can say is the well-maintained buses were always moving.	
Jun 21 2004	Split decision		
Jun 8 2004	Loved It!		
May 7 2004	Our second home		
Feb 26 2004	Loved it!		
Nov 11 2003 	Fun for the whole Fam!		
Oct 13 2003	Just as good the second time around		
Oct 7 2003	Great place to stay especially if you dont like staying ON the strip		
Aug 24 2003	Never Again		
Jul 20 2003	Loved it!		
May 21 2003	Excellent!!!!!		
Oct 1 2009 	Excellent		
Sep 30 2009 	Fr Familien mt Kindern sehr geignet!!		
