Aug 13 2009 	Horrible and Unclean	The air condition did not reach to the bed room ( it filters through a little cut out hole in the wall), it worked very well in the living room. The pull out couch that they mention, did not have a mattress (literally) all that was left was foam and a top covering. The carpet was so badly stained, I did would not walk on it withouot house shoes. When the manager was called (beacuse there is no attendent after 11pm) he stated that well no one else complained and he is 75% full. He gave me another room on my walk to the room, the outside was covered with roaches and crickets. When the pull out bed was pulled out, it had chips on it. I had to kill to two LARGE roaches in the room, there was a dead one in the closet. The coffe pot hadlarge particles covering it. It was a Horrible Stay. During my weekend stay house keeping never came in to clean the room.	
Feb 20 2009 	Definatly worth the value of a dollar all in 1.	I was very skeptic when walking up to it , due to its location, but i must say that when walking up to the front desk , i was happily greeted by the front desk clerk. with that said ,it being my first time i was treated with the hospitality of a family member or a resident thats been residing there for a long time. Now on the terms of management, there very helpful, i actually had to remember his name , which was Eric, he has excellemt custumer service. Anything you needed or asked for he made sure u got it or did his best to make sure it happened. As far as the rooms go, it actually exceeded my epectations. There was everything you could possibly need in there, from towels to pots to the conveniance of the hide -away bed . Its in a great location, not to far from everything.  On a scale of 10 , i definately give it a 9. thanks for everything!	
Jan 3 2009	OK but far from the Strip due to detour	We got a room here for New Year's Eve celebration. It does not look too far from the Strip on the map, but you'd have to take a highway to get to the strip, which is about 20-min drive. If you plan on drinking, park your car at a hotel and get a cab. Due to the distance and heavy traffic near the Strip, you may end up paying $30-$40 for a cab one-way, so you're really not saving much money. We paid $75 for a king bed. But add the cab fares and the 2-hour-wait for a cab (cabs in Vegas cannot be flagged, reservations or pick-ups at casino hotels are required), we might as well pay a bit more to stay on the Strip and avoid the hassle. The room is big, but has a strange layout. The room is divided into two sections, the first with just the bed and a small bathroom while the second is the couch, TV and a kitchen. We like to watch tv when we go to bed and this was an inconvenience to us as the TV could not be moved. The pull-out couch was filthy and has obviously not been cleaned for months. I would not sleep there unless you wanna get bed bug bites. The hotel staff was NOT helpful at all. I dialed 0 and asked them if they could get us a number for a cab company and they did not even do that! They said we would have to come to the lobby and look up the yellow book ourselves. In other words, customer service was non-existent.	
Oct 8 2007 	Good stay for the money	This hotel is a good value, and is perfect for people with pets since they allow pets in the rooms for an additional fee. :-)It's your average hotel accommodations, with cheap internet access, a pool, and laundry facilities. It's way off the strip, so you have to drive everywhere you go, but if you have a car, it's nice to be away from the madness. And Boulder Station is right down the street and has all the good stuff that any of the other casinos have.	
Jul 4 2007	Huge Rooms	I was extremely happy with the room provided to us. In our trip this was the only place, where we got a seperate living and bedroom. The staff was ok. Had internet access. Clean room. No issues	
Apr 17 2007 	Consider Homestead Suites closer to strip and worth the money	I concur with prior review. Property is probably 20 years old with painting facelift, including cabinetry and doors. As mentioned earlier, a/c unit in in living room with a fan to activate over sofa to blow into bedrrom. Water pipe noise extensive, including knocking. Lot quite dirty. Once arrived, stayed 3 nights, saw several adjoing properties which featured extended stay. Received survey e-mail from parent company, replied next time will be spending more for staying at their Homestead Suites.	
Jul 3 2006	The worst ever experience	This is the worst ever experience of staying on a &quot;SUITE&quot;. To start,1. The building is not how it looks as shown in the photo. It is a three storey, no elevator building and front desk help is worst.2. The door/suite number is not even visible, it is written over a piece of paper and stuck onall the suite windows.4. The parking as well as the place is dirty. Litter all over the place and garbage bins full allthe time not emtied in months( I guess).3. Enter the room, it is dirty, one a/c and one small hole in the wall connecting the living withthe room which is fitted with a tiny fan(full of dirt and what not).4. The sofa bed is horrible, one would get back ache, neck ache and even head ache. 5. The tv power cable/video cable dangling all over the place6. Tried to call the front desk, the phone is atleast about 30 years old(I guess) 15 out of 30buttons missing. I could barely hear the audio in that phone. Instead of buttons, there are empty holes and evertime the phone is moved even an inch, it makes such noise as bucketfull of bolts and nuts.7. Refregirator refuses to keep anything cool.8. The worst ever yet is the kitchen sink which is clogged and even a glass of water poured in the sink would stay stagnant for hours. To our horror, wne we turned on the stove top fan, it would not work so I assume there is only the mesh and there is nofan inside.9. The cubords are empty(almost). One pan, two glasses, two coffee cups, 2 spoon, 1 fork. Now, I did not dare look inside the pan because before than I looked inside the coffee cup and it is full of coffee stains, dark circles inside it. The water glasses weredirty..like it had been used.10. There are two table lamps, one next to the sofa bed and the other next to the King bed. One of them did not work. There are no notepad or pen anywhere, not even a piece of paper.11. There is a huge storage but no amenities like a clothes closet or anything. The bathroom sink is dirty. Again one tiny soap for all of the bathroom.12. There was no room service(atleast for the three days we stayed there). So do notexpect them to change sheets, change towels or keep new soaps.13. The saddest part is the front desk personnel are so rude that when I called them to compain that the a/c is not working, I heard them say &quot;you are not the only one&quot;.NEVER stay here even if this is the last motel in Las Vegas.	
Mar 20 2006 	Stay away	FAR below even the basic ExtendedStayAmerica standards. Warning: I don't know what property the photos on this site and the ESA site are of but it isn't this pit. Three stories and no elevator. Trash and litter all over the grounds. Badly patched holes in the interior doors--looked like someone had put their fist through them. Dents and marks on the exterior door. One roll of TP and one box of kleenex for an &quot;extended stay.&quot; Mold in the shower. Mildew on the walls. Kitchen cabinets sticky and greasy. Places in the floor were worn through. Drain in bathroom sink had to be pried up and down. Toilet needed to be plunged daily. Blood stains on the bedspread. Loud fighting and yelling on the property late at night. Good thing we didn't need the AC--there's one wall unit in the living room and a hole in the wall with a fan into the bedroom. In Las Vegas? Please. We are longtime satisfied ESA guests and we are definitely letting them know that they either have to get rid of this place or do major upgrades.	
Mar 26 2005	What to expect.	For the customer who wants to save money. Very minimal amenities, dishes for two, one pot, one pan, small TV, hard (very firm) mattress, asked for non-smoking room and got one that stinks of smoke. Only provides small bar soap in bathroom. Had a difficult time getting the stove burners to work (finally did). Only internet access is &quot;dial up&quot;. When I remarked about the deceptive advertising (I remember believing I would have WI FI), the person at the desk acted insulted. I selected this place because of the computer internet and it is the reason I am looking for another room.Three floors of rooms and no elevators. So far, it has been reasonably quiet (don't hear the neighors - but I might be lucky so far). You can hear water running. So far, plenty of hot water. If you are staying a long time, come prepared.	
Nov 5 2003	Watch Out!!!	Let me first tell you that I am a Travel Agent. I received a call from this hotel regarding two reservations that I had booked 3 days prior. They called me to advise me that they were overbooked and that they will not honor the reservation or do anything about it other than cancel it. I've been in this business for a long time... It is customary for a hotel that is overbooked to protect the guests and &quot;walk&quot; them to another property at their expense. They have no intention on doing this! If they do make good on this reservation and accept responsibility for their mistake, I'll update this review and let everyone know. Otherwise, I'd watch out!	
