	Perfect room in a wonderfull hotel at a quiet place	The hotel is not at the Strip but about 10min. by car away from the MGM building at the Strip. Just at the other side of highway 15. A quiet spot to relax from the dazzle and razzle of crazy Las Vegas. There is a free shuttle that brings you to the strip and take you back to the hotel at the time that you agree with the frinedly drivers. The suites are grand: living room, sleeping room, bathroom and a fully equiped kitchen. There is even with a washing machine.The hotel has a large swimming pool and whirl pools. During our stay in September, we were only with less than 10 persons in the pool late afternoon. Much more preferred than the colossal hotels at the Strip where you are with hundreds at breakfeast and in the swimming pool.	
	All great except the Internet connection	I had stayed there on a business trip a few months ago, based upon the great reviews in TripAdvisor. On that trip, the poolside music went on at 3:00 AM accidentally, and it took the front desk 20 minutes to get it turned off. My room had a pool view and the music woke me.The next morning when I told the staff that I had to get up early, and was not prepared for my meeting due to the middle-of-the-night pool noise, they refunded the room charge for the night.The suites are amazing. They are like new apartments. I brought the wife and kids 11/23-11/25 and the only complaint was that the Internet speed in our room was slow at all times of day, wired and wireless, on 2 different laptops.Beside that, everything was perfect. The breakfast, the staff, the pool/jacuzzi, and so on. We now have a new Las Vegas home.	
Nov 25 2009 	Great hotel off strip	We selected this hotel based on reviews and were not disappointed! We thought about staying on the strip, but after booking this hotel we're so glad we didn't. The hotel has an hourly shuttle to MGM and that worked great for us.The room was great, had a kitchen, big shower, king size bed. The breakfast in the morning was sufficient, saved us from spending more money on food, business center was handy for printing out our boarding passes, staff was great, always very helpful. Would definitely stay here again if we come back to Las Vegas.	
Nov 22 2009 	Modern Spacious Comfortable accessible hotel - Great value!	We stayed there on a last minute vacation. We chose it because of its listing on Trip Advisor and we were not disappointed! Rooms are far better than you'd typically get in a Casino. They are clean, Modern, and Spacious. Our suite was extremely clean and was the best place we stayed in during our entire trip. We only stayed one night. I wished I could have stayed longer. I would HIGHLY recommend. The only thing that disappointed me a little was that they really don't have a concierege. So if you want information on shows or the area, you will find little help. Other than that, the staff were great, the food was good, and the rooms were awesome. We spent an extra 20 bucks and got a higher end suite which included a full kitchen with washer, dryer, 2 bathrooms, and more. Shower was on the small side. They use modern flat screen TV's and we had a very comfortable living area. it would have been nice to have had a desk, but we had a very nice dining room table that sufficed. Extremely good value!	
Nov 15 2009 	Superb in every way	Fantastic suite, good breaky, helpful staff. Location was just behind the strip, behind the Mandalay. A free mini-bus runs every hour from the suites to the MGM and back again. We used this as a base for our wedding, and can't rate it high enough. Yes we could have stayed on the strip, but there you get just a room for the same price, and you're stuck there in the midst of everything, all the time. This place is so handy and just a bit away, but so close to the airport, etc. And free wifi aswell.	
Nov 12 2009 	Nice Hotel	Staybridge suites was a very nice hotel for the price. The rooms are modern and clean and quiet if you are not toward the road. We did have a problem upon check in that we were told they were overbooked and they would put us elsewhere. But he proceeded to check in the people that came after us. Upon calling our travel company they were suddenly able to accomadate us. I would recommend this hotel in spite of our problem	
Nov 7 2009 	Gorgeous rooms fabulous staff - but not ideal location	My sister and I stayed at Staybridge for 3 nights during our North American holiday. The room itself was absolutely beautiful and huge. There are full kitchen and laundry facilities in the room, a dining area, a TV area (with a huge couch), a large bedroom, and 2 bathroom areas (one with a large bath, and another with toilet and shower). Staff were friendly and extremely helpful. On our checkout day we nearly missed our flight, and they went out of their way to get us to the airport quickly in their complimentary shuttle.However, we felt that this was not the most convenient place to stay in order to explore the strip. While there was a shuttle running between the hotel and the strip, this only ran every hour, and the final bus came back from Vegas at around 10pm. This didn't make a lot of sense to us considering that Vegas is a city that most people would want to be exploring at night. Getting back to the hotel late at night was difficult because taxi drivers did not seem to have heard of this hotel.We also found that we had very little hot water in our room, which was quite frustrating when wanting to unwind with a nice shower or bath after a long day.I would recommend this hotel if you want somewhere luxuriously large to stay in Vegas that is away from the strip itself, but don't plan to be in Vegas after 10pm. However, would recommend staying somewhere on the strip if you plan to be out later than that - it would be a lot easier.	
Nov 7 2009 	Simply the best place to stay in Las Vegas	My wife and I stayed at the Staybridge for 2 nights before departing on a motorcycle road trip around the Grand Canyon, we returned for a third night before flying back to thr UK.The rooms are very large and spotlessly clean, fridge, sink, full size dish washer, coffee machine, bed the size of a planet and a really good bathroom.Lovely swimming pool, which unfortunately we didn't get to use.Free hourly shuttle to the MGM Grand and returning from the MGM at 15 minutes past the hour, last shuttle at 22:15 which might restrict some people, but a taxi is only about $15, if you can find a taxi driver who knows where the Staybridge is!Staff were very helpful, we were able to leave our large suitcase at the hotel while we were on our road trip.24 hour convenience shop stocked with most essentials.Aboslutely made our trip.	
Nov 4 2009 	Best Hotel in Vegas	This was our second trip to Las Vegas,after reading the reviews we booked the Staybridge! and the reviews were correct.The suites are fantastic.All the staff are very helpful and can not do enough to help.A free bus leaves every hour and drops off on the strip,once you have had enough of the bright lights,just give the hotel a ring and the bus will come and pick you up.Remember when you book the Staybridge you will have a suit for the price of a room,and they will even take you back to the airport.	
Oct 30 2009 	Exceeded expectations and then some.	This hotel had great reviews and did not disappoint. Though I had forgotten exactly which amenities were offered, we were happily surprised when we walked into our room. The lobby was beautiful, but we have seen hotels with great lobby areas with old, boring rooms in disrepair. We were there for our daughters wedding, and had 12 people over between the wedding and reception and there was room for more:) Full kitchen with regular sized oven, stainless steel dishwasher and full sized fridge. Microwave, toaster, coffemaker, dishes, pots, pans, dishsoap, paper towels, salt, pepper, micropopcorn, coffee, too much to mention. A closet with stackable washer/dryer, nice dining table for 4, larger sofa with one side you can lay down on? can't remember what they are called. Balcony with table and two chairs. Nice large picture window in living room area, coffee table, larger flat screen t.v. in wall unit. Bedroom had king bed, with tons of pillows. There was a little placard saying there were feather down pillows in a closet if that was your preference. The bedroom had a door to the balcony as well. Two nightstands, and dresser with another flat screen t.v. A clothes closet in the bedroom. Ironing board and iron.Bathroom: nice larger tub/shower with granite type tile on floor. Beautiful vanity area with 2 sinks and mirrors. Nice lighting, not flourescent. Large bathroom, that could be accessed from main living area and bedroom. We have never been in a room that was so freshly painted and modernly decorated in every room.Service: front desk employees were excellent,; patient, cheerful, and helpful.Helped us with directions, etc. We saw a sign at desk mentioning a free shuttle to the MGM Grand regularly and back to Staybridge. Pool area: Never crowded. Nice pool and two jacuzzi's surrounded by some palm trees. Many chaise lounges, some with thick cushions, and 2 or 3 cabana types with the mattress and roof. BBQ grills, and outdoor tables for drinks and breakfast.FREE BREAKFAST!! This had bacon, sausage, scrambled eggs, omelets(egg type changed on the two days we were there)yogurt, breads, several types of fruit, juice, coffee, milk. Anything we couldn't eat(ate in our room) we just put in fridge for a snack later. There was a convenience type store right in the hotel. We bought a couple of micromeals. Not cheap as a regular grocery, but convenient.This was easy to find, a mapquest brought us right to it. Close to the strip, very close to airport. We are SO glad we did not spend more than twice as much to stay on the Strip!Since it is close to the airport there were planes taking off quite often, but from what we heard from others attending the wedding, it was much quieter than their hotels with music playing loudly all the time. Everyone who came to our room was jealous, and could not believe the price of less than $130.00 per night. They all said they would stay at the Staybridge if they ever came back to Las Vegas.I believe there was an exercise room, but did not check into all amenities. Awesome hotel, and terrific value!!!	
Oct 30 2009 	Top Quality - Incredible Value - Oasis of Tranquility	This place is excellent - the suites are huge, very modern, well designed and spotlessly clean. I have stayed in a lot of 4 and 5 star hotels around the world, and this is up there with any of them. Service is excellent and the staff were very friendly and helpful. Our room faced towards the highway and the strip, but we were not bothered by noise at all.The only slight downside is that it is not on the strip. Getting the shuttle to the strip takes about 20-25 minutes, including waiting for it. I don't know if you can get this level of quality on the strip though (maybe in the Bellagio), and you certainly won't get a quiet lobby and staff who remember you. Also the prices are excellent - I think I payed about 100 dollars per night.	
Oct 29 2009 	Absolutely brilliant staff 	From Sydney Australia. Stayed here for 3 nights in October. I initially was going to book a hotel on the strip but after researching trip advisor I found this one. The hotel is about a 5min drive from the strip &amp; there is a free shuttle every hour. It was great to leave all the noise &amp; crowds behind each night as we went back to the hotel for a relaxing quiet night's sleep. The strip is more suited to singles or couples who want to party all night. The hotel staff were brilliant and allowed me an early check into a great suite with views directly overlooking the strip. The king bed was huge as was the queen sofa for 2 teenage boys. The room featured a kitchen &amp; washer/dryer which was great for catching up on our laundry load for 4 people. Breakfast was complimentary &amp; the selection was good. There is a pool, business centre &amp; gym to use. Parking is free. Shopping was best at Las Vegas Premium Outlet (north end of strip). Don't forget to register on Chelsea Premium outlet website for discount coupons. We had a late flight on our last day &amp; the staff locked our lugggage into a secure room for the day which allowed us a lot of freedom with sightseeing (drove to Hoover Dam approx 60mins). This hotel is more like a business/corporate/resort facility yet makes every family member feel at home. Absolutely brilliant staff &amp; facilities. I will stay here in the future.	
Oct 27 2009 	This place is GORGEOUS	The best trip to Las Vegas I have ever had. One bedroom suite is huge ...staff is awesome!	
Oct 24 2009 	Nice place to stay and entertain off strip	I had reserved a suite room for 4 nights. It wasn't available the first night, they gave me $20 credit, as they put us in a studio room. It was a bit of a pain to have to move our stuff midday to the suite room for the next 3 nights. Part of the reason for our trip was to visit with friends who had moved to the area. It was nice to be able to use their gas bbq by the pool to grill, and to cook in the oven. The a/c and mini fridge in the studio kept cycling on and off all night, so I didn't sleep well. The next night, we turned the a/c down when we got to the room at night, and then up when we went to bed, so it wouldn't cycle on and off all night. We slept much better, even if it was a bit warm. Place settings are only for 4, but I as able to get additional plates and chairs from the breakfast room. I had never seen a combo washer/dryer (one unit) before, but figured out how to just use the dryer to get some of the wrinkles out of my clothes. I wonder if US manufacturers will ever have that option? (It is an Akso) It would be nice to not have to move clothes from the washer to the dryer :-)	
Oct 21 2009 	Glad we've choosen this one!	Were there from 7Oct to 10Oct with my 16 months toddler. The place is just across Mandalay Bay. Taxi to hotel from airport about USD20.Free shuttle to MGM Grand once every hr!Fridge, washing machine, dryer, cooker, microwave, dish washer in suites very useful for me.42&quot; flat screen TV and comfortable bed.Mini mart in the hotel premise convenient for me. Pump station mins of walk away.Place is very clean and well maintained.Free daily breakfast and light dinner from tue to thurs save us a lot of money for shopping.Taxi to premium outlet about USD30.	
Oct 18 2009 	Not quiet at all!	Stayed here on recommendations of TripAdvisor. The noisiest place we have stayed in quite some time!! Our room looked out over toward the strip, freeway, and two busy roads that intersected right by the hotel. Awful - could not sleep at all! Room was nice and staff were very friendly. Would NOT recommend this place!	
Oct 18 2009 	As good as we expected	We booked this hotel as the reviews were so good, we were not disappointed, clean, comfortable, friendly, good food, what more could we ask for!	
Oct 18 2009 	GREAT!	We stayed for one week and had a wonderful stay! I have absolutely nothing to complain about. We had a one bedroom apartment. We had a couple of days with temp. in the 100' s so we tried the pool! Loved that as well. The breakfast was nice - the staff just wonderful from the moment we checked in (after midnight by the way...) until or departure. We did not want to live on the strip and we don't gamble so, easy to choose.We chose this hotel based on the reviews here on Tripadvisor! LOVED IT!We will stay here again on our next vacation in Vegas!Thank you for making this place such a great place to stay!	
Oct 14 2009 	Excellent Staybridge	Just stayed there for one night on our way back from home from Flagstaff so as to be near to the airport. This is an exceptional place and everything about it was terrific. If you don't need to be on the Strip this is perfect and there is a free shuttle to MGM if needed.	
Oct 14 2009 	$75 non-refundable pet fee and higher prices than online.	We did not make reservations as we were on a road trip. When we arrived at the hotel we inquired as to the best available rate and the front desk clerk quoted us $25 more than the online price for the hotel. Also, they charge a $75 non-refundable pet fee. I can see charging a deposit, but traveler's like ourselves leave the room as we found it or better - you would never know a pet had been there so $75 seems high to us.Close to the strip (4 minutes drive) but nothing else around the hotel.	
Oct 14 2009 	Statbridge Suites - stay there !	Almost too good to be true. Polite and friendly staff and never heard the word 'no'. Excellent suite giving that ability to have a home away from home. Lovely pool and hot tub. Use the barbeque ? - no problem.We had a view across the bay - the Mandalay Bay, which is across the I15 and two other roads. No noise problems, even from the planes.Right away from all the noise and trilling machines it was an excellent location for us who wanted to visit LV other than to gamble.Highly recommended and will certainly be our number one place to stay when we go again.	
Oct 13 2009 	Other Reviews are right - Staybridge is Terrific!!!	Only 2 'problems':(1) Not right on The Strip! In our case, we enjoyed the relative quiet, but if you come to gamble/drink/party at night, you'd probably like being at the Bellagio, Ceasar's, etc. (2) Jets taking off are noisy!  Close to the south end of the airport runways, so jets are at full power. They start at 6am and stop at 11pm, so it's not real bad, but you do notice them. And you ARE close to the airport if you are flying out. The rooms are super clean and roomy, nice bedding, nice TVs, nice pool and hot tubs, free exercise room, free business center with computers, free in-room Wi-Fi, good (hot) breakfast. The bacon was even crisp. No complaints at all staying here.	
Oct 11 2009 	FANTASTIC	Fantastic friendly hotel.rooms are deluxe, pool area amazing.breakfast very nice.very quite away from the hustle and bustle of the strip.going back next year.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great place to stay	We stayed here for one night before flying home. Best room I've stayed in on any trip. More like a luxury apartment. Good breakfast in the morning. Location is just two blocks off the south end of the strip. Easy access to airport rental car facility without even getting on the highway. Unless you want to be in the middle of the strip I can't imagine a nicer room on the strip , especially for the price. We spent a night on Fremont for $20 less and the difference was night and day.	
Oct 8 2009 	Clean and new hotel	The hotel was great. Definitely newer and very clean. No smokiness that you get from the older hotels. Only downdise was that it was away from the strip. However since we had a car, this wasn't a problem at all. Loved it here and would recommend to anyone.	
Oct 8 2009 	Most beautiful room I've ever stayed in.	If you want to stay on the strip, this is not the place. It is located just off the south end of the strip and has a shuttle that runs every hour to the MGM. It is beautifully decorated and has high end touches in the rooms like art niches, top of the line linens, custom furniture, two bathrooms, full kitchens and some have washers/dryers. It also has a very nice pool area with nice chaise lounges and plenty of extra towels. The breakfast is free and is very tasty and has a nice variety. We had no complaints at all. They even let us park our car there free for 8 days while we flew to Jamaica. There is a free shuttle to the airport, but you have to take a cab from the airport to the hotel which cost us $20 w/ tip. We will definitely stay here again when in Vegas.	
Oct 6 2009 	They treated us like they appreciated our business.	This is the first time I have written a review. I felt compelled to do so because of the great service that experienced during my stay. Everyone had a smile and was very kind and helpful and seemed to really enjoy there job. The room was clean and well furnished. Bed was comfortable and bedding was plush. The breakfast was fresh and tasty with a wide assortment and everything was very clean. I really can't say enough good things about the hotel but it was the staff that really made the stay enjoyable to me. There is no shortage of nice places in Las Vegas to stay but I will return to the Staybridge Suites for all of my future travel plans.	
Oct 5 2009 	Marvelous Hotel. Highly recommended.	This place is AMAZING VALUE.. PROS:It's not a casino hotel.Staff are friendly and helpful.Free food in the evenings and breakfast are great.Rooms are spacious, modern, quiet, and comfortable.Free shuttle to the strip. We also got a free ride to the airport.Free wireless internet.Great fitness center.CONS:These are small.The &quot;music&quot; around the pool is loud and annoying.We had to wait for ages for our crib, and sofabed, despite booking these and reminding the staff at check-in.It's a good 20-25 minute walk to the strip (but you can take the hourly shuttle), and it's a $20 taxi fare from the Wynn end of the strip.	
Oct 2 2009 	Great hotel!	The hotel was very clean and modern looking, the front desk staff was really helpful. They also have good breakfast. I would stay there again. Highly recommend it.	
Sep 30 2009 	excellant hotel	booked due to recommendation from trip advisor, was not disappointed. The rooms are excellent, the staff have been extremely helpful, the breakfast was great and they have a shuttle bus that drops you off right in the middle of the strip. Value for money, cannot recommend this highly enough.	
Sep 28 2009 	A Great Alternative to The Strip	This is a quiet, smoke-free oasis removed from The Strip, but a short, free transfer away. We were greeted by friendly staff and found a clean, well-appointed and maintained suite awaiting us. It had everything needed for a longer stay, including dishes, stove, micro, washer and dryer. And - the A/C was a quiet, temperature controlled unit. We enjoyed the large-size, cool pool and the excellent breakfast. This is great value for the little money we paid.	
Sep 27 2009 	Lovely Hotel	We stayed for one night at this hotel. We were given an upgrade to a one bedroom suite overlooking the pool (we'd booked a studio suite). The lady on reception was very helpful and friendly. The suite was exceptional - very clean and modern. We used the fitness centre, which had a great view overlooking the strip. Complimentary breakfast was nice too. Definitely stay here again in the future.	
Sep 25 2009 	Can't Fault This Place	Its very seldom I give a place 5 stars, but this place was excellent in every way, plus Scott gave us a free upgrade - top notch place to stay.	
Sep 24 2009 	Better then advertised	This place was better then advertised. Clean, thoughtful, and very friendly. The rooms were huge, bigger then some of the dorms I stayed in at college. They actually looked like the pictures in the ads! They are on the other side of the freeway from the strip, so it is pretty quiet. Easy to get around, easy access to the freeway. I was originally on the second floor, but asked if I could be moved up a story to get a better view. They gave me a free room upgrade!There is a shuttle that departs every hour, so access to the strip is cake. It is close to the air port, the air plane noise is very light. The kitchen was fully stocked, even had everything I needed to make pasta. I brought my cigars to enjoy on the strip, but one of the staff must have noticed my humidor because I found a ash tray on the balcony table the next day. Little things that made the stay better. Like free wi-fi and computers with printers. I will defiantly look for a Staybridge on any of my trips for now on.	
Sep 23 2009 	Great Place to Stay in Vegas	This hotel is simply great, especially for the price. You should understand it is not the strip experience. It is a few blocks south and west of the strip. It is a non-gaming hotel. It has no room service (but an outside vendor can bring meals.) That said it was a tremendous place to stay. We got a full suite for $108 per night. Full kitchen with a stove as well as a microwave, dishes, etc. Full size refrigerator without the extortionist prices if you use it or move anything in it. Large living room. Two flat screen tvs, Large comfortable bed. Huge bathroom. Shower high enough that I didn't have to duck my 6'3&quot; frame under it. Clean and modern. Breakfast is included, with eggs, fruit, cereal, etc. Nice pool, with salt and not chlorinated. Free wi-fi.It's near the take-off pattern of the airport, but is quiet inside. The people are all very friendly, and we asked for and got a late check-out with no hassle or extra price. Large and well equipped exercise room, with no extra charge to use it. There is a shuttle to the strip that runs about every hour to the MGM Grand. You can walk to Mandalay Bay for their buffet. Absolutely a great weekend in Vegas, thanks to Staybridge. I definitely would stay there again. The only criticism my wife had -- no full length mirror. Now that's pretty minor, not worth a half a star.	
Sep 22 2009 	This IS the #1 Hotel in Vegas	After planning a trip to Vegas, my husband and I decided on Staybridge due to the ranking and reviews on this site. We were not disapponted. We were able to check in earlier than the 3PM check in and the room was everything we had expected. We stayed in the King Suite with a full kitchen and washer/dryer. We actually didn't use the kitchen as often as we thought we would, but used the washer and dryer every single day. The room itself was spotless and modern, with comfy couch and bed. The breakfast was great (since it was free!) but we didn't try the light dinner they served during the week.There was a little bit of street noise (room faced the strip) and we could hear airplanes occasionally, but overall the place was very quiet. The pool is oustanding, it's a large saltwater pool with a kiddie pool, and hot and cold jacuzzis. The location just off the strip and the fact that the entire hotel is non-smoking were high pluses. Staff was extremely helpful and very nice. I had to call one day because my room wasn't cleaned but they took care of it right away. If we ever decide to return to Vegas, we will return to Staybridge.	
Sep 21 2009 	Great place to stay in Las Vegas	My brother and I flew out to Vegas to see a concert and do a little bit of gaming. As soon as I walked in the suite I was blown away by the size and &quot;newness&quot; of the suite. Stainless steel appliances separate sleep area with a King Bed, huge bath tub and a stand up shower. The couch was also a queen size bed and from what my brother said it was very comfortable. Two large flat screen TV's and stainless steel appliances. All I can say is that I would stay here again the next time I come out to Vegas.	
Sep 21 2009 	Nice Hotel off the Strip.	You can drive to the Strip and enjoy the free parking. The staff was very nice, and very interested in helping. I was in Las Vegas for business for 3 days and wanted a larger room with a kitchen. The room was a good size with a couch area. The kitchen was well stocked with utensils, along with a working freezer compartment. The bed was very comfortable. The AC was very forceful… either on and blowing hard of off and quite. The only downside was that the walls were a bit thin and the TV next door kept me up one night.The free breakfast was good each morning. The big HD flat screen (42”?) was nice.	
Sep 9 2009 	very thoughtful hotel	My husband, two teenage sons and I just returned from a vacation to Las Vegas and California. Based on the very positive reviews of this hotel, we booked the last 2 nights of our vacation. We were not disappointed. We had a one bedroom suite with a queen pullout couch where our sons slept. The suite featured a well laid out kitchen with ample dishes and gadgets with which to cook. There was a full size table for 4. The furniture was tasteful and our bed was quite comfortable. Our room was very clean and quiet even though it was sold out on the second night.. The front desk staff was very pleasant and helpful as well. Each morning there was a generous, albeit undistinguished, breakfast served in a lovely dining room off the lobby. The Staybridge Las Vegas is not for people who want the quintessential Las Vegas experience with lots of action, bells and whistles. In fact, it has no slot machines or casino. It is perfect for people who are somewhat ambivalent about the craziness and outsize nature of Las Vegas (which describes our family). We are so glad that we found out about it and are looking into staying at other Staybridge properties.	
Sep 8 2009 	wonderful stay and great value for the money	My fiance and I stayed at the Staybridge Suites this past Labor Day weekend. We usually stay on the strip on our Vegas trips but after realizing how expensive that would be on a holiday weekend, I looked into alternatives and noticed all the great reviews of this place here on Tripadvisor. I was a little apprehensive on how a hotel like this could be ranked #1 of ALL the hotels in Vegas, but after staying there I can definitely understand the rave reviews it gets. The hotel is located right on the other side of the I-15 highway from Mandalay Bay and THEhotel, and I would highly recommend it to anyone traveling to Vegas and has a car. It is not walking distance to the strip at all and while there is a shuttle that runs to the MGM, it only runs every hour and stops at 11pm, so we just drove to each place we wanted to go and took advantage of the free valet parking everywhere.When we checked in on Saturday, the front desk were telling a number of people ahead of us that they had overbooked rooms and would have to move them across the parking lot to the Fairfield Inn and Suites, but that they would get a refund back for their night stay. While it would've been nice to not pay for a night's stay, I didn't want to stay somewhere else, and luckily since I was a Priority Club member, a room was still available to us. We were assigned room 514 with a view of the pool. The room looked completely new, with a full kitchen, living room, large bathroom, separate bedroom with king bed, and even a washer/dryer in one machine. As others have mentioned, free breakfast is included in your stay and is served 7:30-10:30am on weekends, and 6:30-9:30am on weekdays. They had plenty of food, cereals, oatmeal, bagels/breads, yogurts, fruit, premade cheese omelets, sausage patties, biscuits, gravy, and a waffle maker that was quite popular. I also hung out at the pool one morning and there were only a handful of people around. They had comfy lounge chairs, as well as 3 cabanas for anyone to use. If you are looking for somewhere to stay with poolside service and $20 slushies, then this isn't the place for you, but if you want peace and quiet in the sun or shade, whatever your preference, this is the perfect spot. All in all, if I could get a good deal on the strip, I would probably prefer to stay there for the convenience. However, if the Staybridge is cheaper than what the strip has to offer, then I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again. You will not be able to find the conveniences of having your own kitchen, laundry facilities, free internet, and free breakfast anywhere else for this price.	
Sep 6 2009 	Great overall experience	The hotel is only about a mile from the Las Vegas strip. I was very pleased with the experience. We had a King Suite with a sleeper sofa - perfect for a couple with a teenager. The Kitchenette made it very convenient to have snacks and drinks on hand. The room was a good size. I would recommend for a family hotel near the strip. It is convenient to most things but not on the main drag of the strip. The room was clean,. the staff was courteous. Overall very positive - particularly for the price. I would definitely recommend to my friends.	
Sep 2 2009 	A must for families with little kids	We just returned from a 6-night stay at Staybridge, and can't say enough about our visit. The hotel is located just past &quot;The Strip&quot;, which makes it far enough from the congestion, noise, smoke, poker machines and posters/videos of scantily-clad women to please any parent, but convenient enough to get there to see some of the sites (like the pirate show and volcano, big hits with the preschool set). The hotel offers a shuttle to the middle of the Strip, although we rented a car and parked at the casinos, which was free. The hotel is brand-spanking new, and the rooms are gigantic. We booked a king-suite, which included a separate bedroom for us with a door, pull-out sofa for our 5-year-old in the living room, small dining room &amp; full kitchen complete with oven, dishwasher, and full washer/dryer. Big, new bathroom with double sinks. Balcony overlooking the pool (definitely request pool view, as the other side of the hotel looks at a highway). Maid service was spotless. Bed was super comfy, and the sofa-bed not bad either. Two flat-screen TVs, one in each room. The pool is large, with a great shallow end for little kids (about 1 ½ feet deep) with fountains cascading from a wall. They have two hot tubs, cabanas (free!) and nice squishy loungers. Couldn't get my daughter out of the pool, and there were few people in it the entire week, either because it's a little off-season or because most of the adults were off at the casinos. We felt like we owned the place. There's an outdoor gas grill for guests to use – go buy a steak and grill it up (cheaper and tastier than at the casinos). Breakfast includes hot dishes – rotation of omelets or scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, and all of the usual continental fare like bagels, danish, oatmeal. Oh, and make-your-own waffles. On Tues-Thurs they also serve a 530 PM appetizer buffet, with hotdogs/burgers fresh from the grill, tacos, salad bar, etc. But what made breakfast/appetizer service really special was Sandra, the woman who runs the dining room. She was so welcoming and hospitable – she went in the back to get my daughter fruit during one of the evening meals, and if we showed up a little early or late for breakfast, she made sure we had something to eat. (A lot of hungover patrons made similar comments after dragging downstairs too late for breakfast...) It's rare to find such attentive and warm service these days, and she set a great standard. Oh, they had free internet in the business center, and a really nice fitness center overlooking the mountains.Vegas is exciting and there's a lot to do at the Strip (don't miss Zion and Bryce!), but if you're with kids, it's REALLY nice to have a haven from all the glitter and just relax at a place that's really welcoming to families. We'd definitely stay there again.	
Aug 30 2009 	What a wonderful place! Highly recommended!	I am a tripadvisor fanatic - I read and take reviews very seriously. We booked a one bedroom king size suite for one night (August 28-29 2009), since we needed to stay in Vegas for one night for a family trip, and we wanted a clean place that did not take forever to get around like the huge strip hotels yet was close to everything and had all the amenities. I am so glad we chose Staybridge Suites! We usually travel to 4-5 star resorts so I was skeptical whether I would indeed find similar quality, yet we did!We arrived 11:30 am, way too early, yet staff was wonderful and checked us in immediately - we had suite 500, very private, last suite at the end of the hallway, with a pool view. The whole hotel is very clean, new and modern, and there is no trace of that musty smell that comes with most old(er) mega hotels on the strip. It is a non-smoking property as well, and everything was fresh and clean.The one bedroom was just like a timeshare apartment - full kitchen with Whirlpool stainless steel appliances, two flat screen large TVs (one in bedroom and one in living room), AC, two (smaller) closets with hangers, dining table with chairs, small balcony with two chairs and one table, alarm clock, washer and drier in unit, bathroom with double sinks. Free breakfast is nice, yet for a healthy eater I could not find many healthy choices - they had pastries, eggs with cheese inside (that was the part that I did not like, the cheese made the meal heavy), the fresh fruit was sunk in sweet syrup, bagels, waffles. Very good meal if you are not terribly health conscious.The business center has free internet and printing, so you can print boarding passes, which we did since we did not carry our laptop with us, but wireless is also free if you need it. Parking is free, there are no resort fees, no additional charges other than the nightly room rate plus tax.The pool was lovely, there were towels available on the back of the chairs, there is shade and actual cabanas with mattresses to lay on, which usually you only find at 4-5 star resorts only. We did not use the free shuttle but I understand there is a free shuttle to the strip every hour until 11 pm.Overall, we loved this place - if you want to be close to the strip yet away from its craziness, if you want a clean, new, modern place with no musty smell, if you want no resort fees and wireless fees and all sorts of extra charges, and free breakfast, this is the place for you. I would stay here again with no hesitation when we go back to Vegas.	
Aug 25 2009 	Best Hotel of the Trip	I recently completed a sixteen-night cross-country road trip in which I stayed at a different hotel every night, including some extended-stay properties of other brands. This was unquestionably the best hotel of the bunch. The suite is essentially a spacious one-bedroom apartment with all the amenities of home, from washer/dryer to sink disposal. The fitness room has gym-quality equipment, including several weight-stack and cardio machines. I was told that most of the rooms have connecting doors. I could hear my neighbor's TV through mine, albeit faintly. Because of the separate bedroom, this did not disturb my sleep.On the whole, I had an exceptional experience. A few notes/caveats: 1) The breakfast room could use more tables at peak times. I saw no one using the sofas, and they take up valuable space. 2) The housekeeping staff could use some training. They forgot to leave me any shampoo and they left a used towel draped over the curtain rod when I checked in. 3) With extra rinse and stain removal options, a washer cycle took two hours. Plan ahead or use the machines in the guest laundry. These are all minor concerns, though. On the whole, I really appreciated the place considering some of the lemons I encountered elsewhere on the trip.	
Aug 21 2009 	A hidden gem visit ASAP before the secret of this place is out	This hotel is such a hidden gem. We stayed here for two nights in the second week of August but it appeared we were two of only a few people staying here (mostly families). We had the Pool and two Jacuzzi's to ourselves during the day - although temperatures were hitting an all time high at 107degrees &amp; we spent most of it under the umbrellas and cushioned loungers. There were 4 poster bed style loungers too if you wanted them. We had a nosey in the pool area of the Luxor and this was heaving with people all crammed into the pool area - the Staybridge was a breath of fresh air. The rooms were fab and brand new, the beds were huge and were very high. I'm only 5ft 2 and I needed to jump a bit to get on them!! The kitchen was fully equiped with everything you needed with free coffee and popcorn and also had a washer and a dryer. Location wise, the hotel is not on the strip. In fact it is on the other side of the I15, this meant we had to drive 5 mins to the strip but we parked for free at the Luxor. So it wasn't that much of a problem. We did have an issue with a trip we had organised and the organisers would not pick us up from our location, we had to drive to them - I think this is more an issue with the organisers of the trip - Pallion Helicopters. Breakfast was good with fresh fruit and hot options but dinner was poor (soup &amp; a poor limp salad(limp due to the weather I think)) - both were free which was a added bonus for a self catering facility. Finally, this hotel is close to the airport and I15 but no noise is heard in the hotel at all.	
Aug 20 2009 	The StayBridge Suites is the answer...!!	StayBridge Suites is the answer, whether you are traveling alone, on business, or with your family. StayBridge Suites is the &quot;bridge&quot; between the comforts of home and luxury hotel living. The hotel staff and management team are proud of what has been accomplished here. Their pride shows on their smiling faces and an eager to please attitude that begins with a delicious full course breakfast, a late afternoon snack, or a late night swim.Staybridge Suites is exactly what I've been looking for in travel to Las Vegas, or anywhere else. Sincerely, Tracie Craig-Porter	
Aug 20 2009 	Superb	An absolutely fantastic hotel, the staff especially were perfect; friendly, approachable, full of personality without being over the top. The rooms were all spacious, comfortable, clean and well furnished. The shuttle service to the strip was excellent. The atmosphere at breakfast and in the afternoons in the lounge area, and by the pool was very friendly without being intrusive.We were so glad that we stayed off the strip, it was the best hotel we stayed in of our whole holiday in America. I would absolutely recommend it to anyone, and we would definately stay there again. I can't praise the whole experience of the hotel enough.	
Aug 20 2009 	Absolutely top notch!!	This is a fantastic hotel, we have just returned from a two week stay and I cannot fault any aspect. The staff, without exception, are friendly and courteous and do their utmost to ensure you enjoy your stay. We had a one bed suite and it was incredible, very roomy and very well equipped - the hotel opened fairly recently so everything is brand new. The complimentary breakfast is fine, fresh fruit, cereal, scrambled eggs, bacon, bagels, toast, waffles etc etc and they also provide three decent evening meals for all guests (Tue-Thu). The hotel runs a shuttle bus service to the strip every hour and they will also come and pick you up - saves a fortune on taxi fares. They will also run you to the airport! The pool is really nice, very quiet during the week and although the hotel is a little busier at the weekend the pool is still under used. Location wise you are 10 minutes from the strip (shuttle) but there is no entertainment in the immediate vicinity of the hotel - if you are absolutely stuck there is a petrol station about five minutes away that sells the sort of food that petrol stations sell and there are other like hotels/motels in the area such as the Marriot Inn and Holiday Inn express. After a wander around each they cannot compare with the opulence of the Staybridge. We had a meal in the Marriot and it wasn't particularly good. There is also free Internet access and the use of a safety deposit box (also free). Maid service is provided every day, they make the bed, and sort the bathroom and the kitchen(replenishing the basics - coffee, popcorn etc) but do not tidy up the general living area. If you have a hire car there is Walmart Supercentre just over 15 mins away if you need to stock up on goodies.	
Aug 19 2009 	Best hotel in the area - value and location	I was here for 3 days. The rooms are great - clean and updated. You get a full size kitchen w/dishwasher, washer, dryer, microwave, oven, 4 -person dining room. Bathroom is huge, big tub, 2 sinks, nicely tiled, and well lit. There's a balcony off the bedroom as well. The bedroom is a seperate room , and you have 2 HD flat screens in the lving room and bedroom. The living room is huge! Hotel is located just outside McCarren Intl Airport, and less than 2 miles from the Las Vegas strip. This is goo dif you dont want to stay downtown and want some quiet but still want the option and ease of heading to the casinos. The hotel is also convenient to major highways as well, but stil very quiet as far a noise goes. The pol is fantastic, and you have a smaller pool with 2 jacuzzis in that same area. There are outside showers to rinse of the chlorine and three cabana's if you want to get out of the heat or just want some privacy. here are BBQ grills in that pool area as well. You get free breakfast buffet in a very nice room, along with free wifi throughout the hotel. There's a nice workout rooom and business center as well. For $90/day you just cannot find a better place to stay in the area. The hotel's exterior is clean and there's plenty of parking. Check out the pics - its just like it looks. Bravo Staybridge!	
Aug 18 2009 	Oustanding value and service levels	Simply the best value hotel we have ever stayed in anywhere in world!! . So many great comments have been made on TA and don't need to repeat however we agree with them. A few practical comments I have not seen but may help.1. Shuttle bus is excellent ( leaves 'top of hour' to strip and 'bottom of hour' to airport but only on request, so if you are on strip and want bus home you need to ring reception, as if no-one is going to strip you won't get picked up. Shuttle bus drivers are so helpful, indeed called at Petrol sation/Food store opposite for us to pick up beer/water and used his ID for us as we didn't have ours ( in Vegas need ID all the time irrespective of age! We didn't need a car.2. Pool is large, clean and have a good suppy of clean towels, and enough sun beds for all.3. We found location superb. Whilst strip is great fun we didn't want to be on it 24/7. For a quiet night there is free Pizza delivery to hotel, and of course you can stock Your own fridge/freezer up with drinks!4. Our daughter particularly enjoyed the free Wi Fi throughout hotel. 5. Fitness Suite was superb. Its large, several machines and well air conditioned.6. Didn't try the evening meal Mon-Thurs but is there if you would like it. Breakfast is excellent, and the girl who served us every morning really friendly.7 . Nothing was too much trouble for front desk staff. Scott in particular was great. also may help...1. We did the Sundance Grand Canyon 4 in 1 trip which was superb. Recommend pre -booking as there was limited availability.2. We went to watch Jersey Boys at Venetian Hotel.. again would recommend.After 3 weeks on holiday starting in Vegas, then touring West Coast we are still talking about this hotel and the excellent levels of service and value for moneyIf you are adamant you want to stay on strip then clearly Staybridge isn't and it is too far to walk, but apart from that I would say it was for us as close to faultless as you can get and I consider myself balanced and fair and don't normally give anything top marks!	
Aug 12 2009 	A peaceful calm place to stay in Las Vegas!	Stayed here to catch our breath en route from San Francisco to the Grand Canyon and Bryce. Everything the rave reviews say is true wonderful spacious accomodation and a lovely pool. Great variety of items on the breakfast buffet. Decided to return for two more nights on our return from the Canyons before flying home. The second time we were upgraded to a huge suite with picture windows looking down the towards the strip. If you want to be in the middle of the hustlers on the strip this isn't the place for you. For me I had a lovely time relaxing time by the pool and taking advantage of the free laundry facilities - the first time I've arrived home with suit cases full of clean clothes. Thanks to all the helpful staff on reception and the Shuttle bus driver who rescued us from the strip when we'd had enough.	
Aug 11 2009 	Great value off the strip	We stayed at the Staybridge because of the excellent TripAdvisor.com reviews. We were not disappointed. This is an excellent choice for families going to Las Vegas.The highlights are the following:* Full suites with kitchen* Free, Excellent breakfast every morning (eggs, waffles, sausage, cereal)* Free dinner served on Tue, Wed, Thu (soup, hambugers, hot dogs)* No extra charges for exercise room, Wi-FiWe had many family over to our suite. They were staying at hotels on The Strip. Everyone was jealous of our room and accommodations at the Staybridge.I would strongly recommend getting a rental car if staying at the Staybridge. It is a short 5 minute drive from the Airport and only 5 minutes to The Strip. A key benefit is to relax in your room or by the pool. It is helpful to have a car so you can visit a grocery store or go to different Strip Casinos. The hotel does have shuttle going to the MGM Grand every 30 minutes.We thoroughly enjoyed our visit and would suggest staying at the StayBridge for any visitors to Vegas, but especially families.If you're just going to Vegas to gamble and party, then this isn't the place for you. There's no casino, no restaurants, no bar.	
Aug 10 2009 	Totally Amazing - The Best!	We stayed at the Staybridge Suits on the 6th and 7th August 2009.This hotel is the best I have ever stayed in. We had a one bedroomed apartment that came with a full kitchen, oven, microwave, hob, dishwasher, washing machine, tumble dryer. A huge living area with a dining table, L shaped settee and a 50&quot; TV. The the bedroom had a massive bed with TV, wardrobes bath area two sinks and a door leading into the shower / toilet room!The staff at this hotel were like your own family and could not do enough to make everything just right. They have a swimming pool that is good for adults and children along with two seperate hot tubs. Whn you are by the pool they come around and offer you clean towels about every hour or so!The hotel also run a shuttle bus into the airport and strip at Vegas which is only about 5 minutes away, this departs on the hour upto 10pm and then coming back it picks you up outside the side entrance to the MGM at half past the hour with the last one being at 10:30pm.This hotel was built for timeshare options and the company offering the timeshares could not get them sold so Staybridge purchased the whole building and made a few changes and now its the best hotel in the area.........Stay here and just enjoy the luxry and quality of this hotel10 out of 10 in all areas!Well done Staybridge staff you are all amazing!	
Aug 10 2009 	Will Stay Here Again	My wife and I, along with another couple with their two teenage daughters all stayed here for 3 nights as part of our trip to the Grand Canyon.We had two rooms, one Studio for my wife and I and a one 1 Bedroom Suite w/Queen size foldout couch for our friends and their girls.Both rooms were in excellent shape and included a small kitchenette. The 1 Bedroom Suite also had a Washer/Dryer which was a huge bonus for the family.I thought our Studio had a Washer/Dryer but I guess only the 1 &amp; 2 Bedroom Suites do.The rooms and the hotel were very quite. It was so nice to not hear the slot machines ringing in the background after wondering around Las Vegas all day. The Customer Service was the best I have experienced in many hotel stays.The Breakfast included every morning was good and there was plenty of it.The shuttle to the MGM every hour was on time and convenient.The swimming pool is small but nothing wrong with it.	
Aug 10 2009 	Loved this hotel	this hotel was great, my friend and I stayed in circus circus last time we were here which was a dump so this time we booked somewhere that wasn't your typical tacky vegas hotel. when we got there the cute guy and reception upgraded us to a bigger suite for free. the staff were always really friendly and the room was amazing-2 plasma TV screens, huge bedroom,sitting room,kitchen and bathrooms. breakfast was great, it was only supposed to be served til 10.30 but when we struggled down stairs at 12 after a night out they made us some anyway.this hotel is great and there is a shuttle bus to the strip every 30 min-however its not within walking distance. overall it was great to be able to access the strip so easily and still be able to come back to a really nice quite hotel.10/10	
Aug 8 2009 	Off the Strip oasis	Just returned from 4 day visit to Staybridge Suites Las Vegas. Based upon Trip Advisor reviews decided to try. Met and exceeded every expectation. Have previously stayed everywhere on Strip from Bellagio to Venetian etc in 25 years of trips. This was the best. Room was first class in every way - marble entry, 2 flat screens, full kitchen, great A/C. Lovely, quiet pool. Parking right by front door. Excellent daily breakfast with smiling, helpful faces-Jason and Sandra. For a great local casino drive 5 miles south to South Point.. $ 88 a night prepay and they upgraded us at check-in. So much better than walking through casino to get to room, dealing with casino parking and crowded pool. Highly recommend!!!	
Aug 6 2009 	What a Great Place to Stay	Unbelievably close to the strip without all the hassles of the strip. What a great place to stay. The rooms were extremely clean and every piece of furniture was comfortable. The kids enjoyed sleeping on the pull out sofa, while the parents had a great room to themselves. The kitchen was fully stocked with all materials needed to prepare meals. However there is a complimentary breakfast included with the stay that should not be passed up. From fruits, to cereals, to make your own waffle to sausage or bacon or even cheese omelettes. This place had it all. I know the next time i plan to visit Las Vegas, I am making my reservations at Staybridge. On top of all this, the staff at Staybridge was extremely nice, helpful, and knowledgable. Even the complimentary shuttle driver that would take you and pick you up from the MGM... We are definitely going back to STAYBRIDGE.	
Aug 6 2009 	Great hotel. We will definately return again.	We loved this hotel, and we will stay here again. I highly reccomend this hotel. The hotel was very clean. The staff was friendly and helpful. It was a great hotel to stay with children. I loved the fact that it had a kitchen, and the breakfast in the morning was good and fun for the kids too. There is a shuttle that took us over to the strip and it runs all day; very convenient. The pool is nice and clean, not as crowded as other hotel pools we have visited; a big plus!! The view from our room was awesome! The vegas strip at night is amazing!!	
Aug 5 2009 	great hotel	we chose this hotel because it scored well on trip adviser and we weren't dissappointed - just away from the strip it was an oasis of calm but easily accessible. The suites were huge with big comfortable beds,sitting/dining rooms , a fully equipped kitchen and washing machine and drier. Breakfast was provided and the girls had a great time making their own waffles. There was a large pool with 2 whirlpools, the staff were very friendly and helpful, everything was clean and well maintained. There is a free shuttle to the strip every hour for those not brave enough to walk over the freeway. There were also huge TVs in each sitting room with a wide choice of channels including the Disney channel	
Aug 5 2009 	Spacious suite with everything.	Our suite had everything including washer-dryer, flat screen TVs in the living room and the bedroom, full stove and microwave, and a great view of the skyline. Helpful staff and a good business center topped off a great stay. Not on the strip nor near the casinos, this was not a bad thing as it meant the hotel was quiet. It took 15 minutes to get onto the strip when we wanted night-life.	
Jul 30 2009 	Very nice stay at the Staybridge Suites Las Vegas	We aren't gamblers but love to go to Vegas for the Entertainment Shows and Food. So naturally this was an excellent hotel away from the strip. It's close to the airport, freeways and around the corner from the strip if you need to access it. In fact, it's close enough where on my stays I did some runs (exercise) to the strip and back. The hotel itself was very nice. Full kitchen, washer and dryer a very comfortable king bed and a comfortable sofa bed. We had the pool view which I thought is much better than the freeway view but you can't go wrong with any room in this hotel. You get free wifi internet in your room, lobby and pool areas with complimentary breakfast. The lady that prepares the food there is just the greatest! Highly recommend this place.	
Jul 29 2009 	Best value for your money	Price quality wise this hotel is difficult to beat. Big 2 room suite, very comfortable king size bed and comfortable queen sofa bed (no complaints from my daughters, on the contrary they also enjoyed their big flat screen TV). Well equipped kitchen, nice balcony, big pool, shuttle to the strip (until 10pm), copious breakfast and (from Monday till Thursday) a complementary light evening meal. What do you need more? I forgot: very friendly and efficient personnel, easy to reach and ample parking space.	
Jul 25 2009 	Good alternative to the Strip	Main advantage is the room size and location to the strip and highways. We had car rental and the location was the best for getting all around the Vegas area. Room almost as big as a condo. We have 2 teenagers and they enjoyed having the living room queen sofabed and flat screen TV all to themselves. Wireless internet was great as was the buffet breakfast which was a step above the usual continental breakfast you usually see. Downsides, not many, just had to ask for linens to make up the sofabed after arriving (at midnight) and having to constantly ask for more towels and washclothes from housekeeping everyday (rooms are for 4 people but they leave only enough for 2?) Overall though, very good.	
Jul 23 2009 	Very Nice Hotel	We stayed at the Staybridge Suites for one night in June and one night in July on our way to and from Montana. What a great hotel! The rooms were very large, clean, and homely. We had a room facing the pool and it was VERY quite. The breakfast was very good with plenty of choices for everyone. The pool was refreshing and the waterfall was beautiful. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 19 2009 	A luxurious gem at a bargain price.	What a gem in the middle of the desert! and all for €63 per night (midweek). We stayed two nights and it was easily the best value hotel I've ever stayed in. The hotel is only opened since Sept '08 so everything is sparklig new. The suites are like a self contained apartment with a fully equipped kitchen stocking the best quality delph and cutlery. There is even a dishwasher and free laundry facilities downstairs. The bed and bed lien were superb (way too much bed clothes for the 110 degrees of heat). We had our own balcony too. Midweek the hotel provides an evening reception with salads, tacos, sausages etc available.. Breakfast had omelettes, sausage, eggs bacon etc as well as fruit and yogurts. Incredible service. Perhaps the rates are not so good at weekends but they can't be that much dearer. The hotel did provide a free shuttle service to and from the strip as well. It is about a two mile trip and the shuttle runs until 10.30pm. A taxi for coming home later will cost about €10. We missed the shuttle one morning (runs every hour) and decided to walk as it didn't look to be too long of a walk. MISTAKE!........ We meandered around the Manderlay hotel to get to the strip in incredible &quot;hot hairdryer&quot; type heat at 10.00am............it took ages and not to be recommended. Vegas is not made to suit pedestrians, no footpaths etc.This hotel is just great and the fact that it's not on the strip I consider to be a bonus. We visited Caser's Palace and other similar hotels..... Who wants to stay in such places when you come down to the lobby to see endless rows of slot machines?? Not for me. Staybridge gave you a break from the strip and a lot of luxury thrown in!	
Jul 15 2009 	Best value in Las Vegas and close to strip	full size kitchens in room - best value in Las Vegas and amazing fitness room with views overlooking the strip	
Jul 15 2009 	Staybridge suite Las Vegas is value for your money!	I chose this hotel because of the great reviews I read online and I was not disappointed. Words cannot describe how clean and ultra-modern the hotel suites are- 2 flat screen tvs, dining area, beautiful kitchen with utensils and pots, large refrigerator/freezer and a balcony. I would definitely choose this place again if I plan to stay off strip. Great gym, free wi-fi, free breakfast and about 1-2 miles from the strip. Absolutely great value for my money.	
Jul 14 2009 	Excellent hotel	My husband and I stayed in this hotel on a two day trip to Las Vegas and if we ever go back, we will definitely stay in this hotel again. The hotel is 5 mins away from the Strip, which is not a bad thing. There is an excellent and reliable free shuttle service to the Strip. The staff are very friendly and helpful. The hotel is well furnished. It is probably the cleanest hotel we have ever stayed in. The complimentary breakfast is very good. Our room had a little kitchen with all that you may need, including mugs, cutlery and tea towels. There was even a small bottle of washing up liquid. There are no restaurants or shops nearby but the hotel's mini market is well stocked.	
Jul 10 2009 	A Great Find-A Condominium That Is Masquerading As A Hotel	What a great place! When we originally approached the building it did not look like a hotel. When we walked into the lobby we were pleasantly surprised. When we walked into the room we were thrilled. The living room, bedroom and bathroom were enormous.The full kitchen was an extra convenience and came fully supplied with dishes and silverware. If you don't want the hassle of checking into a &quot;strip casino hotel&quot;, skip the crowds, save money and take the shuttle to the strip. Two HDTV's to boot and all for $99/night...what more could you ask for.	
Jul 7 2009 	Luxury at a great price!	Although our stay began with a reservation glitch, I would totally recommend this beautiful hotel a bit off the strip but within a short shuttle ride. The sweet woman at the front desk told us to go upstairs to their business center where we fixed the problem. She even stored our luggage in their secured area and then upgraded us for our trouble. The room was really a condo, not even a hotel room, quite spacious and tastefully decorated. Two flat screen TVs, one in the living room and one in the bedroom. Lovely tiled bathroom with a soaking tub, double sinks, high end ammenities. The kitchen was fully equipped if we had wanted to cook, but the lovely front desk clerk had already told us about some nearby restaurants that were very good and reasonably priced.Then there was the terrific pool, spa and exercise area. Wow! We were amazed these weren't more heavily used, but glad we could feel like we were in a private club.Another above the norm perk was the full breakfast in a restaurant sized room attended by friendly staff which was probably the best we had on this and many other trips. We noted ofcourse that this property was rated #1 by TripAdvisor and I can completely agree!	
Jul 7 2009 	Nice Stay	We stayed here on the June 30th. The desk staff was very friendly and helpful. Even though we came about 40 minutes earlier than the usual check in time, she provided us a nice room, The room was very spacious, and had a separate sleeping are for the adults. The kitchen was beautiful and had brand new stainless steel appilances.Hotel provided the light dinner on the June 30th, and it was not bad. The breakfast was also good.	
Jul 5 2009 	New clean excellent hotel	Stayed here on last night in Las Vegas before flying out, based on Trip Advisor feedback-- was an excellent experience. Large, modern, comfortable suite with all amenities, including full kitchen and washer/dryer--for a great rate. Not a beautiful location (next to freeway), but the hotel itself is well designed, is not noisy and offers very convenient access to the airport. Staff were efficient and accommodating. If you are looking for a safe, clean, convenient place to rest, with free shuttle to MGM Grand, this is a great option.	
Jul 4 2009 	Great Place to Stay	Overall I enjoyed by recent week long stay at the Staybridge Suites. Location is just off the strip...excellent if you want to avoid traffic and the noisy, smoke filled casions. Just walking through some of the casino hotels, the lines for check in/out were extremely long...didn't have to deal with that. Front desk/management staff was very friendly and professional. Check in time is at 3:00 p.m.; however we arrived around 12:00 and was able to check in. The 1 BR suite was really nice, flat screen tv, seperate tub and shower, double sink in tub area and another sink in the shower/lavatory area. Sectional sofa and flat screen tv in the sitting area along with a dinner table for 4. Bed was extremely comfortable with flat screen on the wall in the BR. We chose the &quot;strip view &quot; as oppose to the pool view. We had a rental so we did not encounter the shuttle bus problems mentioned in the other reviews.Problems -- Being that we stayed for a week, the first 3 days the maid service was wonderful. However, around mid-stay it was horrible. One day we did not receive services at all and had to wait an hour or so for towels. The next day, the bed was made, but the tub had not been cleaned, only a few towels were left (no hand or face towels). One day I thought I saw the maid take a hand towel from one rack, turn it inside out, and place it on the other rack (wasn't for sure so I didn't say anything). At the end of the stay, I was totally disgusted with the maid service. I had planned to leave a tip at the end of the stay; however, the only tip she received was to do a BETTER JOB! Also, our room was above the workout facilities and I had to call the front desk several times to complain about guests dropping weights...very annoying! Just don't stay on the 3rd floor above the workout facility (which is on the 2nd floor). By the way, they did offer to move us, but who wants to pack up all their stuff and move????Other than that, the hotel is a good choice for the $$$ (around $100 a night) to be near the strip. I would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 3 2009 	Can't wait until our next visit	I'm currently sitting out on our shaded balcony enjoying the pool side view from the 5th floor while drinking my coffee.....life is good.It's all been said, this place is definitely the best value for your $ while staying in Vegas.Our trip started on a sour note...our initial flight was canceled so we arrived a day late. I was worried that we may lose our first night fee as it was purchased in advance. Sandra at the front desk took care of that...thank you so much.I could go on about the rooms etc., but it's all been said and all is true.A few notable experiences though.....-The shuttle was unable to pick us up one night at the MGM.....took a cab instead &amp; Staybridge reimbursed the fare.-Showed up late for breakfast one morning, coffee was gone...oh well. A few minutes later a gentlemen showed up and brought us over 2 cups of coffee &amp; apologized.-We had a late departing flight....normal check out is 11:00 am...late check out available until 3:00. It's the July 4th weekend, they are booked solid for tonight...front desk was able to let us stay until 1:00 pm.Our stay was so enjoyable &amp; relaxing...we are booking again for next February...can't wait.One note...if you need a cab?...no one seemed to know where Staybridge was. Ask for a business card with the address from the front desk &amp; just give that to the cab driver. Once they seen that...they all said...&quot;Oh ya, that place....I was wondering what they were going to do with that property...so it's a hotel now?&quot;BOOK THE STAYBRIDGE....YOU'LL LOVE IT.	
Jul 1 2009 	Came away impressed	We came to town the night before we had originally planned (we travel space available), so we chose a room here (at $90) for one night rather than an extra night (at $569) at Mandalay Bay, which is down the street and where we were spending the rest of our long weekend. Our experience here at Staybridge was very positive.Check in was quick, and the desk clerk and security guard were very friendly and helpful. We opened the door to the room and were impressed with the space and amenities. Everything was clean and new. We decided to take the night off, relax in the suite, have a cocktail on the small veranda and move on in the morning. The bed was very comfortable so we slept in on Saturday and nearly missed breakfast. The one problem was that there were no eggs by that time (9:20 am). Everything else was adequate, but not spectacular; we brought our meal back and ate in the room since the breakfast area was quite full and everything we needed was in our own kitchen. Before leaving, we decided to check out the pool. There were only a few people there, so rather than fight the crowd at MB, we checked out of the room but asked to stay and use the pool, which was fine with them. We spent the day relaxing in the sun (and shade) on the padded lounges and retiring to the (free) cabana for a quick nap.There were no added amenities with the cabana (TV, shower, personalized service) like other pools, but it was just right for our day. We stayed until mid-afternoon and proceeded to the rest of our weekend at Mandalay Bay.Our stay was only for the one night and since there were only two of us, our reservation was accurate and we had our own rental car for transportation, we didn't encounter any of the problems that a few other guests have experienced. We found it to be a very good value and would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Jun 30 2009 	Not that great!?	Upon further review there seems to be some kinks in the Staybridge armor. Check-in was a breeze and very friendly front desk staff. We were given 3 keys and quickly headed up to our pool facing suite. All amenities appeared to be in working order and clean. As bedtime approached (we were there on a semi-business trip) we discovered that the pull out sofa had no linens. Why I ask were we not informed of this at check in? Service?? So a phone call was made to the front desk around 10ish and he said it would be up right away with the linens. 30 minutes pass and no linens, junior is getting tired and would like to rest on his sofa sleeper. Now I go down to the front desk and demand the linens and refuse to leave until they appear. He had forgotten to call housekeeping and they were on their way, yadayadayada. So I wait at the front desk another 10 minutes or so for them to finally arrive. We put junior down and all is good or so it seems. Now it is past 11 and granted it was a Friday night, but the rock music (great tunes) wa sblaring by the pool and numeorus guests were enjoying a late night dip. My experience with hotels in Vegas is around dusk they close, not here. So at 11:15 another call to the front desk asking them to turn off the LOUD music and ask the guests to leave the pool area. 30 minutes pass and still we hear Smoke on the Water at a party level. Finally the misses has had enough and she marches doewn to the front desk. They were engaged in conversation (front desk and security guard) and had forgotten about my earlier phone call. Said something like; &quot;I didn't realize that the music was still on.&quot; So to make a long story short; rooms are nice (ask for linens at check in), exercise room well equipped, breakfast is fine (no bacon!), location is convenient to south strip,but service is lacking if non existent. So often in Las Vegas the hotel staff really go out of their way to ensure that the guest is satisfied and this was definetly not the case at the Staybridge Suites.	
Jun 29 2009 	As Great as We Had Hoped	This is a great find. We decided to go to Vegas on the spur of the moment and booked the Staybridge based on TripAdvisor #1 rating. Did I tell you I love TripAdvisor?The room was ready when we arrived at 3 pm, and it was a great little suite with a 4th floor view of the Las Vegas Strip. The room was spotless and well designed with nice high ceilings, unobstructed balcony views, an efficient kitchenette with all table settings, cookware, etc., and a spacious bathroom.The hotel is about a quarter mile from Las Vegas Blvd (the &quot;Strip&quot;) just East of I-15 at the Russell Ave interchange. While the walk is feasible, it is a little long on a hot day. I'd recommend you take the hourly hotel shuttle that goes to a major hotel on the Strip. Or if you have a car, drive to one of the free parking garages of any mega-hotel/casino and make it your base for little walking jaunts on the strip, then drive back to the hotel. The Staybridge is very accessible, and is certainly much quieter than any of the Strip Hotels. The staff, from the front desk to housekeeping to the breakfast room, were all gracious, helpful and made us feel like special guests. Plus, it's a NO Smoking hotel. AND they have a great complimentary breakfast each morning in a well furnished lounge area, with real scrambled eggs, bacon/sausage and make-your-own waffles. This hotel is an excellent value. We were treated very well with service you'd be lucky to get at a hotel at 3 times the price.We'll definitely return.	
Jun 29 2009 	I really wanted to agree with the others!	After reading all the reviews on TA, I changed a two-night Las Vegas stay from the No. 2 hotel to the No. 1 TA rated Staybridge Suites. Now, I'm a tad sorry I did that. All other reviews on TA are pretty accurate--the hotel itself is great, the staff is for the most part, friendly and professional. It SHOULD have been a great stay. So want went wrong? Here comes the list:1. Upon entering the room, noticed a very nice dark brown sectional sofa with one cusion from another sofa (it was bright green and white). Could have been overlooked, but a bit tacky!2. Three people in the room with a sleeper sofa and a separate bedroom. No linens for the sleeper sofa. Had to call the desk. My opinion only, but they should have known that with three people we needed the extra linen.3. Only one roll of toilet paper in room--that three people thing again.4. On the second day, the air conditioner was not cooling efficiently. Maintenance tried to fix it, but said the room would have to be shut down. We opted to say in the room rather than move, however, another item was added to this list.5. Maid cleaned room, said she would bring fresh towels later. When she brought them back, they were damp. Used or poor drying?6. First morning there were no eggs at the breakfast bar. Several people had to wait to get scrambled eggs.7. They advertise &quot;Sundowners&quot; with beer and wine, and a &quot;limited bar&quot; on their website, however, they have no liquor license as yet and have neither.8. There is apparently a governor on the shower handle. You couldn't take a HOT shower if you wanted to. It was, at best, a bit above lukewarm.9. And now, the straw that broke the camel's back: We were told on check-in of the shuttle service to MGM Grand and told it ran on the hour, or if needed, call, and it would pick us up right away. The last night in Vegas, we hurried to catch the shuttle on the hour. We arrived 10 minutes early, no shuttle. Another couple was also waiting. Called the hotel and was told &quot;He should be on his way, if not we'll send him.&quot; Thanked them and sat down to wait. It's about a 10 minute trip. Sat down to wait. No shuttle. Called the desk again. &quot;He's on the way. Should be there soon.&quot; Half hour later, the shuttle showed up. Driver said he was sorry, but had to go to the airport. So, for an hour, because no one told us where the shuttle actually was, five of us stood around waiting. We could have had a drink, did a bit more touring, whatever. Instead, we waited by the pick-up point because he was supposedly going to be there &quot;any minute.&quot; Not a good way to run a railroad (or a shuttle)!In closing, all I can say is that if these folks get it together there, they have a wonderful place to stay in Vegas, but I cannot say that I truly enjoyed my stay there this time!	
Jun 23 2009 	Horrible Management..confirmed reservation not honoured	We had confirmed email reservation(1 bedroom suite )..called around 6:30 PM in evening on arrival day to inform that we will be late for my checkin and that we wanted a crib in the room, that way the crib could be ready by the time we reach. I was told that coming in late is not an issue and that I could request the crib when I checkin.we reached hotel at midnight on that day and was given a room on the 4th floor.I along with the entire family and all the luggage go up to the 4th floor and then to the room which by the way was the furthest one from the elevator.Once we opened the room we realised that it was not the room that we had booked/confirmed...we had reseved 1bedroom suite and what she gave was studio.When going back down and speaking to the front desk I am told that there were no more rooms available.(only thing she was saying was I am alone i don't know what to do)I am suprised that inspite of having a confirmation and calling in the evening to check that all is ok I was not given a room ?On top of that when I checked in I was not told that the room was not available. I had to walk all the way to the room along with all the luggage to find out that I am not getting what I was asked for.I am very annoyed becuase of this incident.I had to go out and search for a room at midnight and ended up spoiling our vacation. When we finally checked into our room at another hotel it was 4 AM in the morning.This delay trickled into our plans for the next day and thus messed up our whole vacation.Just to let you know we were with elderly parents and a toddler.I had to drag them in the middle of the night to go search for another family oriented hotel.	
Jun 20 2009	Very very pleased.	For £60 you get a huge place with all nice and new finishes. Also the pool is ace and nice and quiet.Only thing i would highlight is the shuttle bus needed to take you to strip on the hour and takes 10 mins- this ends at 23:00 - taxi fare from strip only $13 roughly.This hotel is away from the stip with no games/casinoes nearby - great for quiet get away after the full rush of Vegas- I would go back there again as i liked the peace before the buzz!Oh this hotel is right next to the motorway- although you don't hear a thing with the new doors/windows- nice to be away from the strip and i at 29 love loud partying although loved the peace.	
Jun 17 2009 	Great Place.. Everything was just as all the reviews said!	I chose this place based on all the great reviews.We were very happy. My husband was very pleased with big screen t.v. and the very comfortable bed. The breakfast was yummy and lot's of choices. If you don't want to walk through a huge smoke filled casino to get to your room a half an hour later this is the place to stay.	
Jun 16 2009 	Lovely	The hotel is everything that has been described in the posted reviews. I would however change a couple of things about the shower. It has no place to set soap and shampoo, not even an upper ledge. While the shower itself is about 4' x 2' the shower head and handle to adjust it are facing the side that is 2'.	
Jun 14 2009 	Can't beat this one if you want to stay off the strip.	Hotel was brand new. Great pool, free breakfast, free shuttle to and from MGM Grand. The rooms were huge and gorgeous. Our room had a living room, kitchen, dining table, bedroom with king bed and large bathroom. Stayed at Caesar's Palace two nights before staying here. Staybridge rooms were a lot nicer (and were less than $100/night). If you are looking for a great place that is off the strip yet really close, you can't beat this place.The pool is large and has plenty of seating available. I still can't believe this place is around $100/night!	
Jun 8 2009 	Excellent rooms and facilities. LOVED it!	We stayed here for 3 nights, then MGM Grand for 2 nights. I must admit I prefer to be right on the strip, but Staybridge Suites were fantastic. Great rooms, pool and nice and quiet. I loved the free WiFi and computer access (printing too) Gym was beautiful! My favorite thing was the free hot and cold drinks in dining room as I was never thirsty. Just a very comfortable stay. Staff were very helpful and friendly.Rate went down after I booked a non-cancellable rate. One short email to explain and I was told the lower rate would be honoured and asked how else they could help me! No questions about lower rate, it was just honoured, no fuss made. We were even given a free upgrade and choice of pool view (quieter) or strip view (noisy road, but not too bad at all) Strip view was nice. I wish all hotels were as easy as this. This hotel is #1 for a good reason.	
Jun 7 2009 	Great value and service	I researched this hotel on tripadvisor before choosing this hotel due to its rave reviews. Good news is that we enjoyed the stay as well. We checked in earlier than 3 pm with no issue. All matters were handled quickly and with ease. Location is well suited to be away from casino busyness. Very close to the I15 freeway as well..	
Jun 7 2009 	Fabulous Find!	We stayed at the Staybridge Suites for four nights during a family vacation based on the reviews on this site, and we were not disappointed. From the time we checked in to the time we left, we were treated so well by all staff we encountered. They were friendly and helpful. When we checked in we needed a crib and roll away bed. Both were brought to us promptly, with a few extra pillows and blankets that we hadn't asked for, which was a nice touch. The room was probably the quietest room I've ever stayed in; no in-hotel noise could be heard even when the hotel was at full capacity. We had a nice view of the strip from our room. The room had a washer and dryer which came in handy with a 2 month old baby. The only thing that could be improved is the breakfast area which does not have enough indoor seating. All in all a wonderful stay at an affordable price. We'll stay there again!	
Jun 3 2009 	Fantastic Value and Quality	Me, my wife and my 16 month old stayed for 4 nights while visiting Vegas. The place was near new and well appointed with full size kitchen, washer, dryer etc. The swimming pool and BBQ areas were excellent as was the gym.The hotel was spotlessly clean throughout. All the staff were very friendly and helpful. There is a regular shuttle bus going to and from the Strip dropping you at the MGM Grand (about a 2 mile drive). We found the hotel very child friendly and was a very relaxing place to stay so close to the hustle of the Strip. It was fantastic value for money as I think we payed only about $90 a night. I highly recommend the Staybridge Suites of Las Vegas.	
Jun 3 2009 	Super nice staff and big rooms! A top value in Las Vegas.	Staybridge Suites Las Vegas is less than 10 minutes away from the airport and is located next to the 15 Freeway. You can sometimes hear planes flying by, but it is not noisy enough to keep you from sleeping (and I am a sensitive sleeper). They cannot pick you up from the airport due to local laws, but they will drop you back off for free.Nearby are other similar-looking Suites and motels. The location is not convenient as it costs about $15 by taxi to get to the Las Vegas Strip. If you have a car though, I don't think it will be a big issue. There is a free shuttle provided every hour, at the hour to the MGM Grand Las Vegas Hotel &amp; Casino. The front desk staff are super nice and they really go out of their way to be helpful! I would say they are one of the best hotel staff that I have ever experienced. I really want to commend them for their service. They are the highlight of this hotel. I would describe them as friendly, attentive to detail, kind, and busy! A single staff member will juggle multiple phone calls, someone trying to buy something at the store next door, and try to help you. I especially liked the black lady though I don't remember her name. I give them all a big thumbs up!The lobby is quite nice. This is a four-story building that I believe was intended to be an apartment or condo-type of thing. There is a pool (it is okay) and a couple of jacuzzis outside. And there is parking in the front which I believe is free. Because these were intended to be apartments, they are very big! We stayed in the King-size bed bedroom suite and there was a bedroom with King-size bed, a very large bathroom, a living room, a kitchen, and balcony. It was wonderful that a washer and dryer were included. You can buy detergent for $2 at Bridgemart which is basically a space next to the front desk where they have food, beverages, and other items and is run by the front desk.I would describe the furnishings as upscale middle-class. The room was very nice, but I would not call it luxury. I really liked the fact that it was a full apartment with kitchen and I think this would be a great place to stay for a week or so, if you're in Las Vegas. The only issue I had was that the toilet cover would slide to the side a bit when sitting on it and the bathroom toiletries were not top-quality. I even found a used soap at the sink. Also, the first day the cleaning staff did not come by until it was too late (around 4pm?) to clean up. They missed the second day, too. There is no room service. So we had to order food in which was fine because the front desk staff gave us delivery menus (American, Italian, Thai, etc.) and the food can be delivered direct to your room. The Thai is excellent! I was very surprised as the portions were huge, the prices cheap (all under $10), and the dishes we ordered were very tasty (almost authentic Thai and very spicy, if you ask for it). I had read here at Tripadvisor that the breakfast at the hotel was really good, but we did not experience any of it because we woke up late each morning. Breakfast takes place in a large room with a TV screen on CNBC. The room didn't look too special, but it appeared they had unlimited soda and coffee available. The guests are basically middle-class Americans. There was one thug-like type with low-hanging jeans with his somewhat trashy-looking girlfriend. But I didn't mind them too much as they seemed alright people.Anyhow, I really enjoyed my stay here. It was very comfortable and again the staff are excellent.SUMMARY: The staff at Staybridge Suites are really great and the black lady is awesome! I love her. At the prices they charge, this is a top value even in Las Vegas and I noticed two separate incidents when guests asked for long-term or frequent guest rates as they seemed to very much like the place. They were both people who apparently come often to Las Vegas, so I assume they know comparative value. I agree with their assessments as I would definitely stay here again, especially for a longer stay in the city.	
May 20 2009 	WOW best hotel EVER	I've stayed with friends in this hotel and the experience was simply amazing.The hotel is located just on the other side of the freeway 15 with amazing views of Las Vegas. Literally 3 minutes from the Strip.We arrived in the afternnon and the receptionist were amazingly nice and helpfull, they really seemed to be happy to see us and to llok after us. We've got upgraded to a suite and the room was simply amazing. Kitchen with all the appliances, washing machine and dryer (this was very convenient as we were travelling already for almost 2 weeks), very spacious living room, two bathrooms ( one with a bathtub and the other with standing shower), the bed was really confortable.We had two plasma screens, one in the bedroom and the other in the living room, also a dining room fully equipped, also a terrace with a nice sitting area overlooking Las Vegas skyline. I would say that I would love to have my flat with all those details.Breakfast was also very nice and inclusive in the rate, we had it both nights we stayed and the option was fantastic. There is a nice and quiet business centre and a fantastic swimming pool.I will go back to this hotel if I need to stay in Vegas again with no doubt.	
May 19 2009 	Why can't they all be like this?	My husband and I stayed at the Staybridge Suites, Dean Martin Drive, Las Vegas for 5 nights. May 8-12, 2009. Picked up that they were a good place to stay on Trip Advisor. NOT disappointed. They were built as a timeshare complex, but at the last minute Staybridge decided to run it as a hotel. It has only been open since August 2008 and still smells new. The apartments are huge, clean, comfortable, delightfully furnished, excellent full kitchens with dishwasher, washer and drier, full size fridge/freezer, cooker and granite worktops. All the apartments have balconies furnisded with table and chairs. The FREE breakfast is the best I have had anywhere in the USA, with REAL fruit juice (not that horrid sweet stuff), fresh fruit salad, alternate days they have scrambled eggs and bacon/omlette and burgers, with of course all the waffles, breads, cakes, really good coffee, etc.,etc. All served with a smile and cleared away by the efficient staff. The manager takes his job seriously and runs a really tight ship. Our request for a desk in the room was fulfilled within ten minutes of checking in, and followed up with a phone call to check if it was acceptable. The swimming pool is about 20 metres long and they have two hot tubs. There is a half hourly free shuttle to the strip and they will take also pick you up from the airport. The only down side is that it is close to the airport, but it has to be said that the same applies to all the hotels at this end of the strip including the Mandalay Bay, The Hotel, The Luxor (practically on the the runway), MGM, New York, New York and The Excalibur. The windows are soundproof. You cannot beat the price on the Staybridge website, it seems that like Hilton they have it all tied up and no matter how I tried I could not find anywhere cheaper, but they are not expensive, we paid $112 for the large suite and it was worth every cent. It is also so nice NOT to be in a Casino hotel and have to mingle with all the saddo gamblers, hen and stag parties, etc.	
May 16 2009 	Great hotel and excelent service	The rooms are well appointed and home away from home. Service was excelent and the staff very friendly. You need transport to get to the strip, but we welcomed the peace and quite after a day on te strip. I can happily recommend this hotel to anyone.	
May 15 2009	New clean quiet and friendly.	We stayed at Staybridge Suites in Las Vegas on 5/10/09. The staff, including Casandra and the shuttle bus drivers, went out of their way to accommodate us. The breakfast was excellent and plentiful. Yes, we would stay there again.	
May 15 2009 	Best hotel near the Strip for the money	I think that this is the best hotel for the value near the Strip. The rooms were extremely large, everything modern and exceptionally clean, tvs were awesome, and free wi-fi. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Check in/out was a breeze. The hotel is not on the Strip but they have a complimentary shuttle that runs to and from the MGM every hour. The driver even dropped us off at the Monte Carlo one night for the Lance Burton show, no problem. Being off the strip let's you enjoy the peace and quiet when you want it and the proximity makes it no big hassle getting to the Strip and back.The complimentary breakfast buffet was also really great. The business center is also great and available any time. The pool and spa area is just beautiful with lots of room for everyone with two large spas.I can't say enough about the rooms. Being a suite it has more room and amenities than I could have imagined. One of the most comfortable stays I have ever had at a hotel. This is definitely the hotel that my wife and I will be staying at for all future LV trips.	
May 12 2009	gem	its really a gem in LA,one should must visit this property	
May 9 2009 	What a Gem in Las Vegas!!	I booked the Staybridge Suites for a 3 night stay in Las Vegas with a friend and what a jackpot of a property! Upon arrival, there is a very spacious 2 story lobby. The staff at the front desk was extremely friendly and always checking to see how we were doing as we passed through the lobby during our stay. The room was a luxurious suite. We had a full kitchen, stack washer and dryer in-room, pull out sofa bed, flat screen tv in the living area and bedroom, and a balcony. Yes, a balcony!!!! Our view overlooked the south strip from Mandalay Bay all the way to the new City Center property.As this property is 1/2 mile from the strip, they provided a complimentary shuttle to/from MGM Grand and to the airport on departure. The property is also easy walking distance to Mandalay Bay. Staybridge also provides complimentary full american breakfast every morning and Tuesday, Wednesday, &amp; Thursday evenings they also provide a light dinner which usually ranges from tacos, BBQ, and soup/salad. The pool area is very large with plenty of room to spread out. There are 2 hot tubs, a childrens pool with a waterfall, and a large adult size pool. There is free in room wi-fi and complimentary use of the business center with 3 computers should you happen to leave yours at home.Checkout was quick and easy. Every one of the staff that we ran into during our stay was checking to see how we were doing. This is a great property in Las Vegas!!!! I will definitely be returning to the Staybridge Suites next time I am in Las Vegas!	
Apr 30 2009 	Very pleasant experience	We stayed at Staybridge based on TripAdvisor reviews and pretty much everything we read was confirmed. The staff were great - friendly and professional. The room was spotless and well appointed. Ask for a room with a balcony - we didn't have one. The free breakfast was fine, and the free Internet access was definitely a plus. Great location - but you probably need a rental car or taxi - doubt you'd want to walk over the highway to the Mandaya Bay. The pool's clean, but you'll be watching and hearing planes take off every 90 seconds. Nice work out room with good selection of machines and weights. One oddity - no newspapers - free or for purchase. Had to go to a nearby hotel to get a paper. But I'd stay again - for the price, location, and including breakfast and Internet access - a great buy.	
Apr 29 2009 	outstanding property	We stayed here for two nights. The rooms and ammenities here are top notch. Clean, well maintained and unique. Great pool area, breakfast included and free parking. I don't think there is a better place to stay in Las Vegas when you are not looking to stay on the strip.Very affordable suites with a touch of class.	
Apr 20 2009 	wow what an awesome place	cant beat it for the money, very large rooms, everything was modern and clean.check in was so nice and quick, all staff i met were incredibleFitness center was top notch, free weights, bikes treadmills etcBreakfast every day was awesome. We will be staying here every trip to vegasI really cant say enuf good things about this place	
Apr 20 2009 	So happy we found this hotel	We had a two family, six person group attending a horse show at the Thomas and Mack Center. This is like a normal hotel anywhere else, no strip inconveniences like choosing between valet parking or a long walk, noisy common areas and smoke everywhere. This hotel was quiet, clean, completely non-smoking (indoors) with parking surrounding the hotel. The rooms are very spacious and nice and new looking. We had no problem keeping the pull-out sofa open the whole stay; we weren't needing the space. The only issues we had were: 1. Upon arrival, the morning staff had not assigned us rooms, so our request for adjoining rooms (or close by) was not possible. 2. The shower pressure was low in one room and the water could not get hot in the other (warm, but not as hot as some like). 3. As mentioned in another review, they ran out of food at free dinner at least an hour before it was to end. 4. I used my Amex to reserve the room, but they couldn't take it for payment! They said they were working on accepting Amex but couldn't at that time. All in all, very happy to pay a reasonable rate at get away from the noise and air pollution of the strip, yet be close enough still to feel like we are in Vegas.	
Apr 19 2009 	Great Las Vegas alternative	If you are headed to Vegas with family and don't want to stay in a huge resort on the Strip, want a kitchen for convenience and an overall great place to hang out in, choose this hotel.Clean, family friendly, great rooms, great staff. The location is actually very good as well, fast access to I-15 or Dean Martin Drive, a great parallel road to the often congested freeway.Travelling with a couple of Celiacs in the family, we skipped their breakfast offerings, but enjoyed their evening snacks, such as Tacos and BBQ.Only not so good thing, their coffee. Though Wolfgang Puck is a fellow country man of mine and does great food, let me just say his coffee is bad...really bad.Read more here soon: www.theceliachusband.blogspot.com	
Apr 18 2009 	In a word: fabulous	We chose the Staybridge Suites based on reviews on this site, as well as a previous experience with the chain. My husband had a trade show at the nearby Mandalay Bay Convention Center; my mother and I were there to enjoy the sites and celebrate her birthday. I cannot complain about any aspect of our stay. Loved the location (we had a car which was handy, but my mother arrived a day early and utlilized the hotel's shuttle to get back and forth from the strip, which she found convenient). Our room overlooked the strip, but other rooms overlook the pool which would be nice too. Rooms are 5*. We had a 1BR suite with 2 flat screen TVs, full kitchen (even washer/dryer), separate BR with very comfortable King bed, sofa bed in living area, and spacious bathroom. Breakfast room was convenient (we brought some of their breakfast items up to our room and topped off with some items we had purchased ourselves from local stores - Artisan bread and better coffee). No complaints. Service was always with a smile. Facilities are ultra clean and super quiet. Free internet. My only beef (a minor one) is that our room had an adjoining door to another suite, which was a late night source of noise when our neighbors returned. I have already recommended this hotel to several friends and family members. I will definitely stay again. Probably our best stay in more than 10 trips to Vegas.	
Apr 7 2009 	Beautiful beautiful beautiful and not just the hotel...the whole experience!	This hotel's wow factor is off the charts!!! It started with check in. The hotel lobby is well lit, has lovely decor and the front desk staff was top notch. I am in the hotel business so I notice things and am usually very critical. Cassandra checked me into a lovely room with a fantastic view of the strip. She was kind, quick and informative. I stayed at the Staybridge for 8 days so not only did I experience the daily breakfast at no extra charge but I also enjoyed the the Tuesday thru Thursday light dinner that they serve at no extra charge. The pool and spa area was awesome. They even have a fire pit that they light up most evenings (weather permitting). The attention to detail at this property is great. The workout facility is way beyond most suite properties. I love the free local calls, the free wireless, the free food, the free shuttle service to the strip and to the airport. There is a snack/gift shop open 24 hours everyday and the staff was always friendly. Tanya and Andrea in housekeeping were great! Everyone in the dining area was always friendly. Both shuttle drivers were very nice and Dan in engineering went above and beyond by helping me on three different occassions. One time he even helped me with loading up my luggage since he just happened to be walking by and saw me. He not only remembered my name but insisted that I let him help me. I can not think of one real complaint that I had during my stay except that it was too short. I will definetly be back and I will tell all my friends about this property as well.	
Mar 14 2009 	Beautiful place poor management	It is a new and clean building, each suite has full kitchen, washer/ dryer, patio. Business center and fitness facility are available 24 hours. Free breakfast everyday (they are always out of foods, 4 out of 5 days we were there).Most of the staffs are friendly, expect those at the front desk. they don't dress up perfessionally, most of them are very casual, it is hard to believe some of them actually wok there. it is night and day compare the the beautiful facility that they have. (this won't happen at any other hotel on the strip that you have to pay over $115/night). (Avoid Casandra if you can, she don't like to deal with customers, she gets upset if you ask questions)it is a great place if you travel with family / kids to Vegas. it will be worth of your money if you plan to cook alot while you are there, otherwise find a package deal with any other hotels on the strip (MGM, Paris, NewYork NewYork, you will get better value of you $$$)	
Mar 7 2009 	Classy hotel	Saw the hotel on I-15 so decided to check in since it was near the strip. This is a very nice hotel! It's part of the holiday inn chain but it's not a typical staybridge. It's a cut above the other staybridge I've stayed at. Large rooms, airy lobby. Next time I'm in vegas, I'll stay here again.	
Mar 1 2009 	Please don't tell...	how great this hotel is! We just returned from a 4-night stay and are still talking about this place.The staff was exceptional, from Sandra who checked us in, immediately upgraded our room and was kind enough to provide directions to a local pharmacy to replace a makeup bag left behind at home to Jose who provided a terrific hot breakfast each morning (more selections than we could sample and certainly better than any &quot;breakfast included&quot; eaten elsewhere). The rooms are everything everyone previously has mentioned, but I will add one more caveat: they are soooooo quiet! We never heard any of the noises associated with other hotels: toilets flushing, heavy feet, doors slamming, voices. Our room overlooked the wonderfully appointed pool area and only when we sat outside on our deck with a glass of wine, did we hear the kids playing in the water below. Don't worry about being crowded sharing the bathroom as there's room for everyone and then some.Everything is upgraded from the quality of the floors, the linens and the appliances. We even noted that it was a shame we didn't spend more time in the room, just to enjoy the surroundings.There are no restaurants within walking distance, but we did find several off-strip places to eat without the crowds. McMullen's Irish Pub provided us with superb Irish comfort food and great live music and dancing. If you want to eat in, the kitchen is one that would make any housewife happy to work in.Staybridge is across the I-15 from the Mandalay Bay. You could walk, but you'll do enough walking the strip and casinos that you'd be wise to drive or cab over.Even though we were officially on vacation, the business center, free internet and wi-fi were greatly appreciated by my spouse to check in with the office.We've already discussed our next trip to Vegas and while there are several places we won't be returning to, you can bet the Staybridge Suites is number one on our list of Must Do's and we are anxious to return.	
Feb 23 2009 	Absolutely upscale suite rooms!	We spent one night at the newly opened Staybridge suites in Las Vegas and decided to use our Holiday Inn Priorty club points. We had previously stayed in Staybridge suites and found them to be very spacious and a great value, but this Staybridge really surpassed our expectations. We were automatically upgraded to the suite with the balcony, the hotel was not full, but even so, it was very thoughtful of the front desk to upgrade us. We had a one bedroom suite, which had a flat screen TV, access to the balcony, and a very comfortable king size bed. The bathroom was split, one section had a good size tub and double vanity sinks. The other part had another sink with vanity, a glass enclosed shower and the commode. The living room had a large sectional sofa sleeper, another ftat screen TV, full size dining room table and another access door to the balcony. The full kitchen had granite countertops and also a washer and dryer. Very clean and well kept. Hot cooked breakfast was great. The hotel is on the north side of Rt. 15, so you do need a car/taxi to get over to the strip. The hotel is close to the Mandalay Bay.	
Feb 21 2009 	Stylish Comfort!	This was my first stay ever at a Staybridge Suites hotel and I must say I am VERY impressed. I thought Hilton's Homewood Suites are superb but I must admit that if all Stabrdige hotels are like this I will be looking out for them for all upcoming stays in the future.I booked this hotel because Priority Club had it as one of their Pointbreaks hotels at a super low 5,000 Priority Club points!Impressive lobby. Very new, very modern design. The rooms are magnificent, very large with a balcony (not too great of a view) and the furniture with the plasma TVs are just awesome. Rooms even have their own washer/dryer units! Huge kitchen, huge table and super nice couches. The bed is awesome too and the two room bath (both tug and shower, two sinks) is perfect.The location is not superb if you want to just come out of your hotel and be on the Strip...You could walk there but I highly recommend a car.The health center is on the small side but all the machines and the weights are new with TVs available. The breakfast is in a very large room and the variety is excellent. Quality is better than Holiday Inn Express breakfast by far. But this does not approach the quality of an Embassy Suites breakfast. I did not get to go to the evening receptions, which is also complimentary.Highly recommend this hotel!	
Feb 15 2009 	100% WOW FACTOR!!!!!!!!!	This place is impressive.This is the first time that I've given a hotel a perfect rating in every categoryYou can compare this place to the MGM Signature Suites.However, it is not nearly as expensive as the MGM Signature Suites.The hotel is at the south end of the strip, just south of the Mandalay Hotel and Casino.(Russell and Dean Martin Drive).As mentioned before by others, this place was supposed to be a timeshare,Therefore, you've got all the amenities of a luxury timeshare.You get 2 LG flat screen TV's equipped with High Def channels.(The High Def channels are not listed in the Hotel's TV Guide, so you have to search the higher channels).You get at least 60 channels on the TV, including HBO, Comedy Central, ESPN, FX, TNT, etc.You cannot order any Pay Per View Movies.The suite comes with a high-end ASKO washer &amp; dryer.So the quality of the wash we get here is similar to home.The suites have high 9 foot ceilings and come with floor to ceiling widows.Each suite has a balcony, so you are able to let fresh air in to the suite.(I always hated the fact that windows don't open in most hotels in Las Vegas).The bed is very comfortable.The sheets used are 100% cotton.For all you tall people, the shower head is about 7 feet up from the floorThe lobby is gorgeous.There is a dining room/lounge next to the lobby, where you can eat your included breakfast.The breakfast is very impressive.I've paid in other places $25.00 and up for way less impressive breakfasts. They also serve free light and tasty dinners, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday. Free coffee and soft drinks are available 24/7. The pool area is very attractive and comes with high-end padded lounge beds.The gym is also well equipped.The hotel also has a business center equipped with computers, a fax machine and printer.There is free wireless Internet throughout the property.You have a choice of 2 views, strip view and pool view.If you want quiet, pick the pool view.The strip view has a little noise coming from Russell and I15.Overall, this hotel didn't cheap out on anything.The staff at this hotel is excellent.Special mention goes to Bahr and Varsha!I'm looking forward to my 2 month stay at this place.It's going to be a luxurious stay without breaking the bank.	
Dec 8 2008 	Upscale condo value - discount rates	This hotel had an amazing value/price ratio! Unlike any other Staybridge I have ever seen it was apparently originally built to be a time share but the owner changed it to a hotel. As a result the one bedroom suites are decked out with flatscreen TV's, marble everywhere, high end furnishings and there is even a great pool and spa. When you are in the hotel room you could easily imagine you are staying at a high end hotel on the strip -- in fact because it has a full kitchen it is larger and better equipped. It even has a clothes washer and dryer as well if you are really motivated to do laundry. I imagine once the word gets out about this hotel the rates will start to go up but since it is new (only about 3 months old) it is still a best keep secret of Vegas. Enjoy!	
Nov 4 2008	Great place to stay	We had a great time staying at Staybridge Suites. It’s a new place, in the time I write this, opened less than 2 months, next to I-15 (at Russell), and not far from the Strip (10 min by car at the rush hour or you can even walk to Mandalay Bay – within half mile). At MB, you can also take the train that will take you along the strip all the way to any major casino.The staff was very nice and helpful; people smile easily and seem to enjoy working in the place. The place is till very new; the pool was being completed during our stay.The room was large and very comfortable (we had King Suite) and has some amenities not found anywhere else (like Washer / Drier in the Unit). There are 2 HD TV’s; large one in the living room, smaller in the bedroom, but unfortunately could not find any HD programming. Place has 2 bathrooms; one with shower, the other with bath that is open to the bedroom. Bed was very comfortable.Breakfast was above average: no paper plates or plastic cutlery, but regular plates &amp; cups with silverware. They change some of the items daily like scrambled eggs for omelets; sausage for patties, bacon, biscuits with gravy, waffles (vanilla or chocolate), fresh (not from can) fruit, yogurt, cereal, assortments of breads, some pastries. The breakfast starts at 6:30on weekdays and 7:30 on Sunday; some items are available before, but during out stay, the complete breakfast bar was not set up for additional 30 min. Nothing major, but if you have early flight like we had, plan to skip it.They also have 3 times a week evening reception; one day we could have enchiladas, next burgers &amp; sausages, the last sandwiches. It is buffet style and you make your own. Everything was fresh and very nice.Internet (wireless or Ethernet) is fast and free. The hotel also has 3 desktops on the 2nd floor for people who need to use PC, but did not bring one along. Gym, with the strip view, is also on the 2nd floor.There are no restaurants in the near vicinity (there are 4 other hotels, though), but Tropicana Blvd. with all kinds of stores or fast food places is a less than mile away and on the strip you can find any kind of restaurant your heart may desire.The place is also very convenient to the airport; it took us 30 minutes from the time we checked out, returned a car and checked in with the airline. Amazing!Overall, we had a fantastic stay. If you do not want to stay on the strip, but be close, in reasonably safe (industrial) area I highly recommend this place. Yes, there are some growing issues, but they are so insignificant, that they are not worth mentioning.Enjoy!	
Nov 4 2009 	excelente !!		
Aug 31 2009 	Ottimo soggiorno!		
Apr 20 2009 	Top !		
