Sep 19 2009 	One problem after another	We had nothing but problems. We had a reservation and were given a room on the quiet side of the hotel away from the street side. The first thing we noticed was that the room felt uncomfortably warm and found that the air conditioner didn't work. It was the middle of August and over 100 degrees F outside so my husband went down to the front desk and reported our problem but the guy wouldn't believe him and we had to wait for him to come to the room and check it himself. I mean, how complicated can these things get right? Sure enough it didn't work and he said he only had one room left so we were given the room directly across the hall on the street side which was noisy. The A/C did work but then we had other problems. The room had two queen beds and when my husband sat on the edge of one of the beds the mattress seesawed up in the air because it was not put back correctly on the floor pedestal for some reason. We labored to get that thing put on straight and should've called the staff but didn't want to wait forever so we did it ourselves. We had a good laugh over that one. The bed cover was also dirty. The tub/shower was another big problem because only half of it worked which was the bath spout. We also reported this. So, no shower staying in this room. At this point we just shook our heads because we are a La Quinta returns customer and had stayed in over 20 of them on this particular trip where we drove 7700 miles and this was by far one of the worst ones we stayed in - the other one was in Layfayette, LA but that's another story. It was way overpriced for what you get and the hotel is old and needs a facelift. Another thing that didn't work was the ice machine on our floor and we had to go hunt one down. It was just one thing after another as if they operated the place on a shoestring budget and cut corners wherever they could The staff is not friendly and if there is a problem they act like it's your fault. The people running the place are foreigners. After complaining, we did however get a reduced rate for the one night stay due to all the inconveniences.	
Sep 17 2009 	Decent no elevator ice maker broken Great continental breakfast	My boyfriend, and our maltipoo dog traveled from Los Angeles, CA to Vegas this month. The location of the hotel is perfect, only about 1 mile from the strip which is no problem if you are there with a car. There is a convenience store across the street which is kind of sketchy, looks like there were some drug dealers, addicts who hang around there. During the day it's fine, but I wouldn't walk around at night. When we arrived the lobby of the hotel was nice and clean, they only have one luggage cart that was being used so it took us a couple of trips back and forth from the car to bring all our stuff in. Also, there is no elevator at this hotel. Wasn't a problem for us considering it's only 3 levels (basement, main level and one upper floor). I imagine that elderly or people with health problems should know there isn't an elevator. When we got to our room, it was very clean, we checked the mattress, pillows and all were perfectly white and clean. The only initial problem was the cleaner smell of the room. It smelled like the carpets had just been shampooed with pinesol, very, very strong cleaner smell. We got rid of it fairly quickly by opening up the window for a few hours. The parking lot wasn't overcrowded, and it was free (which is always a surprise to those of us who live in LA)! I was disappointed that the icemaker was out of service. I even went to the other icemakers on other floors and they didn't work either! Would of been nice to put our bottled waters, soda's on ice :( Besides the couple of things (cleaner smell, no ice) the place is fine if your looking to visit Vegas for a short time, and you aren't expecting any extra's. It's very simple accomadations. They offer a pretty good continental breakfast with fresh juice, fruit, coffee, belgian waffle makers, raisin toast, bagels, boiled eggs and cereal. It lasts from 6am to 9am It was safe and clean. We were really only in the room to sleep so it was fine. We paid about $80/night for Friday night and Saturday night. The plus was we were able to bring our dog. The only hotel on the strip that allows dogs is the Four Seasons and that's a pretty penny. I'm not sure I would stay here again, It wasn't terrible but it also wasn't great. Like I said if you are looking for a clean place to stay, this is fine. I'm not sure what the reg going rate is, but I wouldn't pay more than 80/night to stay here, you will find yourself sorely disappointed if you pay alot.	
Apr 1 2009 	Lovely Place to stay and very friendly staff	I travel all over the US almost every month and have not seen such friendly and helpful staff. I had a very serious issue with my laptop and the manager went above and beyond to save my day. I would have been in a big mess if he was not there to rescue me from the disaster. Housekeeping was excellent. Very clean and neat place to stay. I will highly recommend my family and friends to stay there. Great for people travelling with pets. Great experience, no problems at all.	
Feb 9 2009 	Great for people with pets!	We stayed Jan 24-26 2009. We had a really hard time finding a hotel that would allow a dog. Finally we found this hotel for $100 a night. The hotel was clean and fairly comfortable for 4 people. The breakfast was good. My only complaint is that the hotel is pretty old and needs a facelift. Considering that you can find 4 star hotels cheaper then this, on the strip I felt a bit ripped off by the price but we had a dog with us and that is what made it hard to be picky. This place was still fairly close to the strip though, so we had lots of fun. The desk staff could have been nicer though... they seemed to purposely avoid you and acted like they didn't want to be at work. :(	
Apr 2 2008 	No complaints	Staff was very friendly at check in. I requested a smoking room, the desk clerk said the smoking rooms were on the first floor, and the hallway was being painted. I could either take a non-smoking room on the second or third floor, or stay on the first and deal with a slight paint smell. I took the paint smell, and it wasn't bad at all. No painting noise during the night, and the windows opened in the room to vent out the paint/smoke smell anyway. Water pressure was good, and beds were clean and comfortable. The free breakfast in the morning was fresh and tasted good. You had waffles, cereal, bread, and fruit, along with all beverages. Definately worth the time for free. Hotel is less than a 5 minute drive from the strip, and can be reached easily from the airport using the back roads.	
Jan 12 2008 	Okay Stayed at Better Some Staff Problems	Experience was just okay. We were in Las Vegas for the annual CES tradeshow, and needed a hotel with internet access. Their are definitely staff problems that need to be addressed before I would stay here again. There is another La Quinta on Paradise Rd that we will stay at in the future when we travel to Vegas, which is in a better part of town and looks a little newer and cleaner from the road.Pros &amp; Cons:PROSGood Price (even during peak days in Vegas)Easy access to I-15 and close to most Casinos &amp; Resort HotelsOff the Strip, which is nice on busy day when traveling for businessVery CleanGood, basic breakfastCONSBad experiences with staff member's bad attitude &amp; absence of staff (some were great, &amp; some were horrible)Unreliable WiFi, Wired connection not in every room.Faulty hot tub (only one jet worked)Not the best area (Adult bookstore and shady gas station across the street)One notable staff experience... We parked our car in the La Quinta lot after returning one night from The Strip. We were walking quickly over to the gas station to get some soda, when a male staff member comes running out of the front office yelling at us about parking in the lot, and demands we prove that we are renting a room. We prove it to him and he mumbles something in another language and he walks back inside. This is on our second to last night and we have spent a good amount of money with La Quinta in the past. Isn't it better to not yell at your customers and take the chance of someone squating in your huge, unfilled parking lot, instead of driving them away with bad customer service and a bad attitude? No one was at the front desk multiple times we stopped by for assistance.Overall, staying here wasn't horrible, but they do have staff &amp; Wifi issues that need to be addressed if they want to be a contender for my money in Vegas.	
Jul 10 2007	Dishonest Staff	NIGHTMARE MOTEL!! I had a reservation booked through laquinta.com and when I arrived this crappy motel would not honor the guaranteed rate due to some alleged mix-up between corporate and this motel. They said they were calling corporate HQ to straighten it out but after 45+ minutes of waiting and getting the run-around I asked for an update and they hung up the phone and told me it was my problem. They wanted me to pay triple my guaranteed rate. The front staff was rude and always spoke in a foreign language in front of me. God knows what they were saying! I told them they are a part of La Quinta and my reservation was good and they said they were a franchise and didn't have to honor it? Huh? WORST EXPERIENCE EVER!!!!	
Jun 13 2007 	Nice enough	I booked this hotel for one reason: I was travelling to Los Angeles with a dog, and this was one of the few conveniently located dog-friendly hotels in Vegas. I was a little wary reading some of the reviews, especially about not feeling safe int eh parking lot or the adult store across the street. But I had a good stay. The staff were exceptionally coureous and very efficient. The rooms were fine, and totally clean. The place was REALLY dog-friendly, and you could leave the dog in the room unattended. There were a lot of pets in the hotel, which was great for me. And there was no surcharge for the dog, which was also great.Meanwhile, the hotel is a short distance from the Strip, and from I15, both of which came in handy.I have to admit the surroundings aren't anything special. And the breakfast is not something you'd seek out.I would recommend this hotel VERY strongly to pet owners. And it's not bad for anyone else either.	
Jan 3 2007 	Excellent find! Especially for pet owners... Will stay again!	This was our second time to Vegas between Xmas and New Years. The Travelodge we stayed at last year was not so great. So we were extrememly happy to find and stay and this very reasonably priced place with our two dogs. The hotel staff was VERY helpful and courteous. Most other places that allow dogs charge you an extra fee (sometimes as high as $15 per dog/per night) on top of the regular room fee. This La Quinta did not. The rooms were clean, nice and well maintained. Breakfast was pretty good fare for a continental breakfast (included hot waffles, bagels, hard boiled eggs, fresh fruit, muffins and cold cereal). They had a really nice indoor pool and hottub. We will be back to stay again.	
Dec 19 2006 	Just Okay...	I stay at La Quinta when I am traveling with my family and our very small dog. I like the hotel chain as it is pet friendly, normally offers two queen beds, a decent breakfast, and, preferabably, an indoor pool. This hotel met my criteria. The check in clerk was very friendly. Breakfast was fine. We used the indoor pool and it was good. The only thing that made me a bit uncomfortable was the neighborhood. I did not feel that comfortable walking my dog outside the building but did not have any problems. If you are traveling with crew and a pet and want to be close to the Strip, this hotel will work.	
Nov 15 2006 	Easy and Great	Hey we waited too long and then was caught short for a place to stay. The major hotels and downtown didn't want to rent to us because we were leaving out on a Friday night. They would all book us but charge us for Saturday. La Quinta was a surprise and a delight. The rooms weren't equal to the Strip's but par with Fremont. We were close to Tropicana Road and the freeway system. We were 2 floors up and a very short distance to the parking lot unlike the big hotels. Our room was quiet and had all the amenties plus a microwave and frig. The free breakfast was a big hit. Waffles, sausage, toast, bagels, cereal, coffe, juices, fruit and a free newspaper to boot. Overall Vegas is getting too big and yucky but La Quinta on Paradise Road was a good bet. I'd go there again and I can't say that about everywhere I've stayed in Vegas and we've been going for many many years.	
Aug 18 2006 	Good Location Good Service	I stayed here with my boyfriend for New Years Eve 2005. We were looking for a place to stay that was close to the strip. We were not looking for anything fancy. When we got there the staff greeted us warmly. In fact, they were always helpful and got to know us very well. The price was great because we booked early.The hotel is secure at night - you cannot come in after hours unless you have a key - or in our case - they know you.It was a great location for us as we were only a short walk to the strip (15-20 mins), and even watched the magnificent fireworks from the barricade. The room is nothing fancy, but it was clean and the hotel was quiet. Its a non-gaming property, but they provide continental breakfast in the morning -a bonus for people with healthy appetites!Honestly, the price is affordable for budget travellers or just those that realise you are not spending a lot of time in your room when in Vegas!	
Feb 28 2006	Okay for a night or two	I wanted an afordable hotel room close to the strip for a weekend in Feb. The La Quinta on Tropicana provided that, but there were two things that bothered me about the hotel.1) The carpets desperately needed steam cleaning. This is probably due to the fact that they allow pets.2) My room keys somehow got cleared one afternoon. The girl at the front desk quickly reset them, but she never asked for my ID. What if someone had been impersonating me to gain access to my room?The 2nd reason is why I'm unlikely to stay at this hotel again.	
Nov 27 2005	A lot of animals stay here!	We stayed 4 nights here over Thanksgiving. BEWARE! Animals are allowed to stay in any of the rooms! We were told that animals, primarily dogs, are housed only on the first floor. To our surprise, we saw many dogs on the 3rd floor and awoke to barking dogs one morning! They are renovating this hotel since it is very worn. I wouldn't recommend staying at this hotel unless you bring a pet with you!	
Oct 12 2005	Great but not as nice as some LaQuintas	I have stayed in several La Quintas. This one was a little more worn (old carpet and furnishings) and shabby than most. That said, it was clean, efficient, &amp; convient. No fridge in the room. Close to the strip (near New York-- and you can park in their garage is you don't want to walk over to the strip from the hotel).	
Jul 18 2004	Very good place	Needed a place to stay for a Saturday night before moving on to the strip. Found La Quinta on line at only $53 for a Saturday night in Vegas.It was a nice, clean hotel. Small but had an indoor pool, exersise room, free internet in the lobby and a decent continental breakfast.Very pleased with the hotel.	
