Nov 23 2009 	Wow Great location--Nice amenities..Would stay again!	I had some reservations about this hidden treasure in the middle of the strip. However, once I arrived I was pleasantly surprised. The room was spacious, clean and comfortable. Not 5 Star but for four guys in Vegas, it was great. Hotel staff was nice and we did not hear the construction that was taking place on the opposite side of the building. We were in the second tower and the walk wasn't that bad as I had previously read--we also had a view of the Bellagio fountains.For the price and location, this was a steal.....would definitely stay there again!	
Nov 2 2009 	Awesome	A very nice place to stay in Vegas!! Very convenient to everything...and had an awesome view of the Bellagio, Ceaser's and Paris! Very clean and the decor was beautiful. Two bedrooms and two baths!! And all for a very reasonable price!! Would stay there again.	
Oct 30 2009 	Nice place shame about all the construction	We stayed at The Jockey Club for a week in October 2009. We were lucky and got a suite on the 11th floor, facing The Bellagio, so we had a great view, unlike all the people on the other side of the complex. The suites are very spacious, if a little dated, and have everything you could possibly need. The location is great, and the staff are friendly and helpful (apart from the concierge guy we spoke to). Free Internet is a nice touch too, helpful if you need to check emails, check in for flights etc. The Mini market on site is reasonably priced and stocks a good selection of basics, we used it for drinks and snacks.The major problem the Jockey Club has, as others has said, is all the construction. The noise didn't really affect us, but we were very dissapointed that the pool area gets no sun at all now thanks to the massive buildings that have been built right behind it, and even on a hot Vegas day, the pool area can feel quite chilly. My In-laws were amazed when we showed them the pictures, as they remember the Jockey Club how it used to be before the construction started. The pool situation was overcome by asking at the front desk if there was another pool I could use to sunbathe. The Flamingo, about 10 minutes walk away lets non residents use their pool after 2pm, so I spent a couple of afternoons sunbathing over at their pool, not ideal, but better than the chilly Jockey Club pool!	
Oct 28 2009 	Lost in Construction	It's a nice enough condo, but the ongoing construction makes it a nightmare. It is surrounded by the Cosmopolitan hotel under development and the behemoth Center City and its own &quot;tile replacement&quot; making for no light, no sun and lots of noise. It's a timeshare, so you have to do your own cooking, laundry, shopping, etc. The furnishings and furniture really need to be updated. There are no restaurants on site so you have to leave the premises to do everything. It is however, conveniently located, across the eight lane street from the Mile Mall, Planet Hollywood and the Paris and next door to the Belaggio. There is a local bus stop at the end of the walk, but because of the construction, the walkway in and out is redirected and covered. Trucks and construction workers are everywhere. We wanted to take a swim, and even though it was hot outside, it was relatively chilly in the pool because the covering draped over the top did not allow the sun to come in. The staff is very friendly and accommodating and the hospitality office has coffee, tea, bottled water and popcorn daily until 11 pm for the guests. Because it is a time-share property, be prepared to be asked to sit in on a sales presentation (for which you will be rewarded - we got tickets for George Wallace!) I suspect when all of the construction is completed, it will be a sought after property for those who like the condo/timeshare because of its location. But until that day comes, getting in and out of the Jockey Club is very inconvenient.	
Oct 16 2009 	No glitz no glamor	We stayed a couple of nights. They have construction going on, so can be annoying. The backup beepers of the construction equipment will wake you up in the morning. The room was a nice clean one bedroom with two tv`s, full kitchen and a dinning room table. Great room for the price.	
Oct 8 2009 	great hotel	You can not beat the location of this hotel. It does not have own casino but it is really easy to get to casino across the street at planet holywood or next door at belagio. The service is nice and simple. The hotel is very clean. The suite has kitchen and adequately equipped. I like it the most because it's very quiet as soon as you get inside. It's a total change of pace. Therefore, I can get a good rest for between round of gambling.	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice location	Jockey Club is in the ideal location in Vegas -- directly next to the Bellagio and within walking distance of all other attractions. After reading other reviews, we asked for a room with a view and did receive one to where our window faced the fountains at the Bellagio, it was great!The actual place itself was not great. The Jockey Club is a typical timeshare to where it is roomy and spacious and &quot;appeared&quot; clean. The rooms are very outdated and definitely need a face lift. The tiles in the shower and the flooring are old and need to be replaced. The kitchen is old and the sink/faucet need to be replaced.The biggest disappointment was the pool. The pool area was covered and NO sunlight was able to come through. It was 100+ degrees all week and we were not able to use the pool!!At the time we were there, they were under major construction adjacent to the Jockey Club. This construction prohibited utilizing the main walkway and you had to walk under a covered &quot;construction&quot; walkway to gain access to the main strip. Overall, the Jockey Club is a great location and is NOT a casino -- you are able to go back at night and escape the ringing noises/smoke filled atmosphere. Definitely think the Jockey Club needs revamped and add additional amentities (shuttles, restaurant/deli, pool that is usable, etc.) if they expect to continue to attract time share holders.	
Sep 25 2009 	like a little apartment	I went to this hotel in August for my friends Bachelorette party. We had seven girls in one room and it was perfect. It is like a little apartment. It has a full kitchen 2 bed rooms, 2 full bathrooms ( a plus with seven girls ). huge closets and a living room with a pullout bed in the couch. It isn't the cleanest hotel or super pretty inside either but it isn't nasty and gross either. They are doing a lot of construction so it is kinda hard to find and the views are not very great. The pool sucks!!! it is small and the sun never even gets to it. Really bad spot for it. It is a long walk to get to your room and you have to go up 2 elevators. Everyone that works there is very helpful and it is easy to get help with what u need. If you are traveling with children or a large group and really are not into the glam and excitement of the vegas hotel then this is the place for you. A couple things that made our time bad was first of all the maid never came even once to give us fresh towels or anything. We were girls partying even a trash pick up would have been nice. On our last night we called and asked for a late check out they said sure we could check out at 12 but then in the morning we were told they didn't know what we were talking about and needed to be out by 11	
Sep 1 2009 	perfect location and service	First part of the trip was for business; the second was for play. The Jockey Club was the perfect place for both. Large suite with full kitchen (range, fridge, dishwasher, microwave). Free and fast wifi. Room was clean and comfortable. Room location does make a difference, however. The first room we were assigned faced the Bellagio. Nice view, but also noisy due to the construction traffic. Asked for a quieter room. The staff quickly complied and we were assigned to the top floor. No view, but the quiet was worth the trade off. With the exception of the concierge (who seems clueless), the staff were friendly and efficient. The location is perfect, right in the center of the strip. The construction is a mild annoyance, but didn't really affect us. The Jockey Club is a great value. We'll definitely stay there the next time we're in Las Vegas.	
Aug 30 2009 	Fabulous	It's got the best location possible, it's clean, and has everything you need and more. Construction: I almost changed the reservation as it got closer to our stay because I was fearful of the construction issue. But we didn't change. Don't be scared off because of the construction. Yes the place has gotten swallowed up by construction on 3 sides, but the worst is over. It's still ongoing but most of the outside work on the building next door is done. We heard dump trucks at 6AM each morning but that was the extent of any noise. Our room faced the Bellagio fountains. When you check in, be sure to request a room on the North side so you can enjoy the view. Otherwise, your view may be of a wall.Room: It's the most clean place I've stayed in. Quality of the place is comparable to a Marriott. Double doors from the living/kitchen/dining area to the bedroom. Ours was a 1 bedroom suite. Kitchen had every utensil you could need and was fully stocked with dinnerware and cookware. Stove, fridge, dishwasher, and microwave were spotless. So was the bathroom. Very pleased.Location: The walkway from the street to Bellagio is steps away. Planet Hollywood is directly across the street and Paris is next door to PH. By the way, PH's buffet is highly recommended for breakfast and dinner. Excellent location to walk in either direction - up to MGM Grand or down to Ceasers, the Venetian, etc. There's a covered construction walkway from the street to the entrance. It's lit very brightly at night. Service: Their mini mart is like a 7-11 and had many more things than I expected (like meats). You may not need to go to the grocery store (they have a shuttle to a grocery at least every other day). You can check out movies for free and watch them on DVD in your room - but who wants to do that in Vegas? Beware of the concierge - they also are timeshare reps because the Jockey Club is a timeshare hotel. They called our room and tried to get us to take the hotel tour and offered all sorts of free tickets to shows and discount coupons. If you know what you want to do in advance and try to bargain with them, they may get you free show tickets if you take the timeshare tour. Overall, it was a fantastic stay and I'll recommend this hotel to everyone. We'll likely stay there again next time.	
Aug 20 2009 	the time of my life	all i can say is that if your going to stay any where it should be at the jockey clubits a moment you will always charish and remember . you go jockey clubg. jones	
Aug 9 2009 	Great location and very good price	We stayed at Jockey Club for two nights and we very enjoyed our stay here. The front desk staff was not very nice or helpful but the room on the other hand was great. It was huge and came with kitchen facilities, two television, living room and big cozy king size bed that was very comfortable. Both the hotel and the room was very clean everywhere you went. We did not try out the swimming pool but it was very small. The hotel offer Internet free of use and some computers that came very handy. What we did love most about this hotel was the location, just door to Bellagio hotel on the middle of the Strip. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 29 2009 	Best kept secret on the Strip!!	I almost didn't want to write this review...I was afraid more people would find out about this great hotel and they might raise the prices! I read through many of the reviews posted here and elsewhere online and was really kind of apprehensive about booking this hotel, but I waited until the last minute to join some friends for a quick weekend getaway and needed a room, so I decided to go for it...Let me tell you, it was great! I booked the same day I was to travel, and got the room for about 80 bucks a night. There is a lot of construction going on, which might make the hotel entrance hard to spot if you are trying to find it on your own, but since I took a taxi from the airport, this was not an issue for me. Check-in went smoothly, but I was not able to get one of the rooms with a view of the Bellagio. But the room itself was excellent! I have been to Vegas many times and have stayed at a few of the strip hotels, and most of the time it feels like you're paying hundreds of dollars to stay at a dressed up Best Western. The rooms in the Jockey Club are more like apartments! You get a full kitchen (dishwasher, oven, stove, full size fridge, cups/plates/cooking utensils) a living room with a sofa/loveseat, a dining area, a large bathroom, walk-in closet with iron/ironing board, a king size bed, two TVs (not flat screen), and a stereo. The sofa was also a pull out bed. There was easily enough room for 4-6 people in a room.The room was immaculate. It actually looked brand new, as if I was the first person to stay there. There was no view, but honestly, how long are you going to spend gazing out of the window or watching TV in your room when you come to Vegas? I heard NO construction noise all weekend. The hotel is RIGHT on the Strip, across from Planet Hollywood and next door to Bellagio. If I had anything negative to say, it would be really nitpicky. The layout of the hotel I saw mentioned in other reviews is not that much of a problem. You go up to the second floor on one elevator, go about 50 feet down a hallway, and up TEN steps to get to the other tower. No worse than trying to navigate through a casino if your ask me. It is kind of hard to catch taxis at the hotel, I found it quicker to just go to the Bellagio or PH and get in their taxi line, but the valet drivers got me a ride to the airport when I checked out in a Town Car. Nice! The pool is kind of small, if you care about that kind of thing. I didn't. I didn't bring my computer, so I don't know about internet in the rooms, but they have free computers with internet down in the lobby. There's also a store with just about anything you may have forgotten (no hard liquor though, bring your own!) the prices are the same as ou find anywhere else on the Strip, so if you want lower prices rather than convenience, better ride out to a corner store out in town. All told, this is a GREAT place to stay for the money, and I will definitely be back. If you want to impress other people with how much you paid for your hotel room, go to the Wynn or Encore. If you come to Vegas to gamble/party/eat/have fun and need a large, comfortable place to stay, look no further.	
May 31 2009 	Location location location	I have stayed in Las Vegas at several other time share exchange locations. The Jockey Club was not the best of those resorts but it has the best location...even with the construction next door! You do have to walk through a construction covered tunnel to get to The Strip but that is only half a normal city block. There are two towers and I was in the front tower on the 7th floor. My view was of the pool below and a concrete wall. But, I did not go to Las Vegas to look at the view from my rooms. Plenty of room in the 2 bedroom, bathrooms were fair size and kitchen had all that I needed for breakfast and snacks. There was some wear and tear on the carpets and the shears in the living room had large tears in them.Buffet at The Wynn was the best I tried with Paris second and Bellagio champagne brunch at third. I always try to go to Emeril's Fish house at MGM and it did not disappoint on this trip. PFChangs is across the Strip from the Jockey club along with Planet Hollywood casino and shops. Bellagio is next door. Paris, Bally's, Ceasar's and Monte Carlo are close walks. MGM and New York are more of a hike. The Deuce bus is the best was to cover the length of the Strip and there is a stop for this to the left of the construction walkway that you exit from the Jockey Club.Unless you plan to go off the Strip or tour more of the area (Grand Canyon, Hoover Dam, etc.), you will not need a car when you stay at the Jockey Club.	
May 22 2009 	Great Location	Visited Las Vegas the w/o 5/11/09. I stayed at the Jockey Club. The resort was very clean and well maintained. Location could not be better with the Belliago right next door. Room was nice size with full kitchen and bedroom had a nice view of the fountains at the Belliago. Pool area was nice but if you are a fan of the sun then this is probably not the place for you. However, if you want a nice size room right on the strip this place cannot be beat.P.S. As far as construction noise I did not hear any I also understand that the view on the other side of the building is a wall.	
May 18 2009 	Nice place friendly staff GREAT location.	We just got back from Jockey Club. Stayed there from May 9-May 16. It is a nice place. The rooms are clean, the air is cold and the staff were helpful. We were able to get a room with a view, which is a must. If not, you're looking at a brick wall. There is some noise in the mornings around 5-6am. But, it doesn't last long. This isn't a 5 star hotel, so if you want that go next door to the Bellagio. But, if want a smaller hotel with easy check in and check out, no lines for elevators, this is the place. You are in walking distance of millions of places to shop and eat. The Earl Grey Sandwich place at Planet Holleywood had good breakfast and lunch for about $5-$7. Not bad . There's also a lot of other good restaurants in Planet Holleywood. Bill's is a nice smaller casino to gamble at with lower limits. Main thing we didn't like at Jockey Club was timeshare presentation. We agreed but final sales person was just rude. No need for that. And, if you want a great pool, this is not the place.	
Apr 27 2009 	A Very Special Place	I wold like to thank the staff and especially like to thank Yvonne for helping make our trip so special as we saw multiple shows, including Jay Leno, CMA Awards show , The George Strait Artist of the decade show , Steve Wyrick show , KA at MGM , and renewed our wedding vows at Little Chapel OF Flowers , ( Which was a secret to my wife ). Every thing was perfect including our room. THANK YOU SO MUCH JOCKEY CLUB !!!!	
Apr 24 2009 	All the convenience without the casino	Staying at the JC while in town for a conference. Had an exchange deal through my time-share (not the JC or Polo Towers) so the rate was quite good. Very well located on the strip next to Bellagio's, easy walk to the mid-strip area.LOTS of construction going on right now which completely occludes the entrance. The lobby is pretty bland, but has the benefit of not being smoky like the main hotels. Staff is friendly but not pushy (unlike other timeshare visits I have had). Bonuses include onsite minimart and &quot;hospitality&quot; suite with free movie rentals, games, and popcorn.The rooms (at least my room this visit) is very nicely appointed, 1-bed with kitchen and walk-in closet. Even with the major construction, I cannot hear a thing while in the room. No view (3rd floor, the tower goes much higher though). All-in-all a great place to stay if you can get a good deal and want to get away from the casinos (at least temporarily =). Would recommend.	
Mar 24 2009 	A Great Mid-Strip Value	Pros: We had a wonderful experience at the Jockey Club. For less than $80 a night we got a one bedroom, one and a half bath condo with a full kitchen and livingroom. It was perfectly clean, and seemed to have been painted recently. Our housekeeper kept the condo immaculate for us. Cons: There is construction going on starting at about 6 in the morning and finishing up around 11 at night. We didn't notice it after awhile, but if you stay in one of the sections closer to the construction it would really be annoying. Our condo afforded absolutely no view - just the wall of the building next door, but maybe that cut down on some of the noise. And anyway, who goes to Vegas to hang out in the room? Another thing was that our room was two elevator rides, a hike, and a staircase from the lobby - quite a trek with luggage.	
Mar 12 2009 	My apartment	Got in here for free from a friends timeshare. They stayed at Hilton but in the end would rather had been at the Jockey Club. This place has it all. Refrigerator, stove, microwave, kitchen table with plates, 2 TVS both with DVD players, doors to close off family room area from bedroom, decent radio, walk inn closet. It all seemed kinda strange to me. Not like any hotel- more like my apartment. After 2 days of eating very expensive food was glad just to get some cereal and milk and had dishes I could use the next day. Would be great for Vegas on a budget. or not. Bed was 2-3/5. Would now be my # 1 choice. I didn't check out the pool though zoo don't know about a summer trip.	
Mar 10 2009 	sweet spot	The room was very spacious and pleasant. We were able to explore the whole las vegas experience without any hassles, as the location was prime to all las vegas fun. It was refreshing to be in a facility free of all the cigarrette smoke, which usually drowns the casino-hotels on the strip. I am looking forward to many more stays at the lovely penthouse.	
Mar 3 2009 	Loved Our Girls trip the Jockey Club (Private Suite)	My girlfriends and I came in from different parts of the world. Most of us are from California and New York and we had an amazing time in the private suite that we booked. I think the location was fantastic and the suite was huge! We fit like 7 people in there and we still had more than enough room. We spent roughly about $1200 for the entire weekend and divided amongst us it was less than $200/per person so it was wonderful! I appreciate all the help from the Security Staff that helped us to check in and made it very easy and the sweet girl we talked to when booking the place. For all of my girls and I we were very happy.	
Mar 3 2009 	Perfect location right on the strip in the middle of all the action	We love staying at the Jockey Club Suites everytime we go to Vegas! The best part about it is the convenient location right on the strip next to Bellagio. The Suites were clean and very well-maintained. The living space is very comfortable with the living room, dining room, kitchen, bedroom, and bathrooms. It is like a fully-furnished luxury condo with all the amenities. We prefer to always stay at the Jockey Club rather than any of the other big casino since we feel right at home there! I would highly recommend anyone who visits Vegas to stay at the Jockey Club!	
Feb 18 2009 	Great Location	This is a mixed review. We rented a unit from Las Vegas Strip Rental. The representative confirmed that we had a unit with a view (1176) and that the unit was gorgeous. Not only did it not have a view, but the bedrooms had floor to ceiling vertical blinds that were missing several sections, leaving openings that were as wide as 2 feet. The bedrooms faced a construction walkway with workers going back and forth. There was no privacy in the bedrooms to the construction workers, plus the unit needed to be updated, nothing gorgeous. Mike in Security was able to find another unit for us that had a view and was beautiful for the same rate. The location is terrific, you can walk to so many places, having your own kitchen is very handy. The free valet is convenient, but if you leave on a Sunday, call ahead for your car. We had to wait for over 20 minutes for ours. Having free internet was great, the staff was nice overall.	
Jan 20 2009	Commendable	I booked the Jockey Club for one night during the MLK weekend. The hotel is actually quite a misfit in Las Vegas! It is located in between Belargio and a huge construction site called the City Center. When every other hotel has 1000+ room with casinos, high floor numbers and extravegent lobbies, this all-suite hotel/serviced apartment only has a few floors, a few hundred rooms/suite, no casino. Pros- Loved the location - one of the best location actually. You step out and see Balargio, Planet Hollywood, Paris and more.- Loved the large rooms - all-suites, included pull out sofa bed, good size kitchen, two TV- Loved the walk-in closet and it was quite large- Great service/staff- A hospitality lounge with free DVD rentals, coffee and tea, and popcorn all day- Very clean- Free valet parking for hotel guests- cheap prices!- Since this hotel is cater for long-stay packages also, there are a lot of features that are quite unique, like 2 weekly grocery trips, social nights/cocktail hours, etcCons- Not the typical extravegent lobbies/furnishings, in fact lobby was quite small- A little old- No views at all on about 50% of the rooms. one of the sides faces the Balargio fountains, but the other side faces a huge brick wall that the City Center development made, so absolutely NO view at all, other than the huge concrete wall- Small pool- Long walks from lobby to the &quot;second&quot; wing of hotel roomsHowever, I do recommend the Jockey Club, given the great location, low prices, and comfortable accomodation	
Jan 15 2009 	A Room with a View	I was a little skeptical about the reviews I had read prior to booking my stay at the Jockey Club but decided to go for it anyway due to the low cost. Some friends and I share birthdays in February and decided to meet up in Vegas for a little get together. The Jockey Club is next door to the Bellagio and across the street from Planet Hollywood - excellent location! After checking in we arrived to the room which was supposed to be a one bedroom and ended up with a two bedroom suite with a kitchen, dining room, living room with pull out sofabed and two bathrooms. To top that off the rooms were facing the dancing fountains at the Bellagio. Awesome! Although the furniture is a little dated, the accomodations were still very nice and clean. I was able to peek into the rooms across the hall and they were more modern but they did not have the view that we had from that side of the building. This property is basically for time share owners however they do accomodate other clientele. There is a pool and fitness area, also you can go downstairs and rent DVD's if you just want to relax. We ended up staying in one night as a friend had to much to drink and instead of leaving her we stayed in and watched movies. Since we were there for a week we knew we had time to go out on other nights. We took in some shows - Zumanity -erotic show (Cirque Du Soleil), Queens of Las Vegas (longest running drag show in Vegas and Mystere (Cirque Du Soliel), don't forget Madame Tussauds Wax Museum next to the Venetian. Also the Forum Shops At Caesars, the M &amp; M factory for the kids and the Harley Davidson Store where you can pick up some cool biker t-shirts are in walking distance from Jockey Club. Since I believe the City Center has now been erected, the construction next to the Jockey Club should be less. Although some people complained about the construction noise in the other reviews, we barely heard anything. We all enjoyed our stay.	
Jan 4 2009 	Great option without all the fancy options	Stayed at The Jockey Club through a timeshare exchange. We stayed from Dec 26-Jan 2. The Jockey Club is a nice option on the strip. It has no casino or restaurants, but there are a ton of those on the strip anyway. We loved the location in the middle of the strip and right across from the Miracle Mile shops. After reading many reviews on The Jockey Club I called ahead and requested a room with a view of the fountains and were told it is on a first come first serve basis. Our plane was delayed a few hours and didn't arrive until 1AM. The staff was not very friendly upon arrival and were told we could not get a room with a view. We ended up with a view of a concrete wall. We had a 1 bedroom 1 bath unit. The unit was spacious and clean. Housekeeping only cleaned our room once during the entire week. They would get us fresh towels, but did not bother to change the over flowing trash can. Overall a decent place to stay (especially since ours only cost us our exchange fee) and I would stay again. As for the construction we only heard it a few days, but we were there over a holiday week. It seeemed to start about 8AM and go until maybe 8PM. Also, we saw a few shows.Hypnosis show - Mesmerized with Marc Sarvard at the V theatre at Planet Hollywood. Great show! Very funny! After seeing mesmerized and liking it so much we decided to see the dirty hypnosis, Unleashed, show at Krave at Planet Hollywood. Not near as good as the Mesmerized. It seemed like a bad knockoff of Mesmerized. Marc Sarvard puts on way better show that I would see again!Cique de Soleil - Mystere at Treasure Island. Great show. Amazed at the the things these people could do. Expensive, but worth it. I would pay the 200+ over again.Steve Wyrick Magic Show - Terrible. This guy is very cocky and his tricks are not very good. Don't waste your money! Only reason you might want to go is if you have a 5 year old, maybe he/she might be impressed with the show. Mac King Comedy/Magic Show at Harrahs. I read the show was pretty good, so I went to Harrahs to get tickets and they gave me free ones. You actually have to pay $10/ticket, but get a free alcoholic beverage with each ticket. The drinks were strong! The show was great. Very funny and good magic tricks. Would see this show again.	
Nov 24 2008	Nice non-Casino option on the Strip	Able to stay at this property through a timeshare exchange via my brother-in-law. I went for a conference and we are are not gamblers. It was nice to not have to stay in a casino, but still be near all the activity of the Strip. The Jockey Club is located smack-dab in the middle of the Strip. You are within walking distance of Bellagio, Planet Hollywood, Paris and maybe Bally's. Lots of good dining, gambling and sight seeing just outside your doorstep! That said, your options in the Jockey club are limited. There is a mini-mart with a limited selection--good for desperation items forgotten at home, bottle of water or postcard only, IMHO. Beyond that there is not much offered for amenities...The pool is small, but good for a dip or quiet moment as was never crowded.The front desk is a bit curt and not very helpful. I interacted with them twice, and both times seemed a little annoyed. I did not use the concierge, but they attacked us on two occasions to offer a &quot;free dinner&quot; and didn't seem any different than the hawkers on the street...The construction is a little annoying. Every morning we awoke to loud &quot;back-up&quot; beeps of construction equipment. Usually beginning around 7AM. But that was it, and the beeping was inconsistent. We asked about being moved to a different room and were told that &quot;all rooms are loud--at least you have a view.&quot; We asked to be on the Bellagio side, and, did indeed have a great view.The rooms were standard. I was *very* impressed by the WALK-IN closet, so nice to have LOTS of room for luggage etc. TV in bedroom and living room. Pocket doors to close of bedroom from living area was nice. Stove, fridge, microwave, dishwasher and coffee maker. Full set of dishes, pots/pans etc. Must proved own food, little package of coffee provided each day. Housekeeping was good--clean towels and empty trash every day and made up bed.In closing, there was nothing spectacular about this property, but also nothing terrible compared to a typical hotel stay. But the location was *great* and nice to not be located in a casino.	
Nov 20 2008 	Great little spot	A group of 5 friends and myself stayed at the Jockey Club Nov 5 to 10 and had a great time. I was a little worried about the construction but we really weren't bothered by it, other than it was a little difficult accessing the jockey club at times...other than that we couldn't have asked for a better place for the price we paid. The location is right in the middle of the action (literally in the middle of the new Cosmopolitan Hotel) and the two bed/two bath suite was very clean and suited our needs perfectly. The decor could use a little updating but who cares, we were only there to sleep and shower.	
Nov 20 2008 	Great trip to Vegas.	Booked this trip through a private party for my sisters bday and my family and I had an amazing time in this place. We had a two bedroom two bath suite which was plenty of room for us. There was 5 people in our party. We had a great time. Location is awesome the suite is really huge and there's a kitchen inside as well as laundry. It was perfect I look forward to coming back here again with my family.	
Oct 25 2008 	A perfect location	We have just returned from Las Vegas where we stayed at the Jockey Club through timeshare exchange with Interval International. Having read some of the reviews before we left we were a bit apprehensive about what to expect. Our experience of the place couln't have been better. We had a room facing the fountains of the Bellagio which gave us a spectacular view of that part of the strip. The room was very comfortable and adequately furnished and the maid service was excellent. Your bed was made for you every day, clean towels provided every day and the place generally tidied. Check in was so efficient and the staff so courteous and friendly, and the best bit was you didn't need to walk through a sea of gaming machines and cigarette smoke to get there!The building going on around the Jockey Club is just phenomenal - almost to the point it is dwarfed by it. We were not too aware of construction noise - in fact we heard more noise from the fountains of the Bellagio which is not a complaint as we would not have changed our unit for anything.The pool was a bit of a shame and we did not use it at all. Luckily we had friends who were staying else where and we made use of their pool. Hopefully the Jockey Club can withstand all the development around it as if we were ever to go back to Las Vegas we would certainly not consider choosing anywhere else to exchange into but the Jockey Club.	
Oct 22 2008 	Nice experience perfect Vegas location!!!!	Don't expect luxury or extravagance on the scale of one of the Vegas strip resorts, you won't get it. What you will get however is a nice, small, pleasant, clean hotel with very friendly helpful staff, a nice large room with a decent sized bathroom, living area and a great little kitchen area should you wish to prepare any of your own food. Further to this the location is great!!! Right in the middle of the famous Vegas strip and (if you're lucky enough to get a room on the north face of the building), a great view of Vegas across the Bellagio lake and dancing fountains.Now the downside(s). It's unavoidable and has to be mentioned and that's the construction of the massive Cosmopolitan resort that has literally swallowed the poor Jockey Club alive!!! We were really concerned about the construction noise but there was no need to worry. There was a small amout of the noise on the north of the building but never enough to wake us up or disturb us in any way. Rooms on the south of the building will regretably have an appaling view of a big grey wall but let's face it, unless you're really boring, are you gonna sit in your room all day in a city like Vegas!? Nevertheless, not a very nice view all the same. The pool area is covered with a net to stop falling debris from the Cosmo building and due to fact the Cosmo towers above the Jockey Club (and still has another 20 or so floors to go), the pool area gets no sunlight whatsoever so don't go expecting to get a tan by the pool.For us though, these things really didn't matter. Vegas is a simply amazing city and with the Jockey club you're right in the middle of it all. At the end of the day, we were only in the hotel to sleep and it served this purpose brilliantly. The construction didn't cause us any issues but didn't make the place massively aesthetically pleasing which is a shame but the location, cleanliness and sheer conveinience of the place made up for these things.Go with an open mind and enjoy!!!! Please check out some of the photos too.	
Oct 13 2008 	Great vacation	My husband and I spent a time share exchange week there and it was great! Our unit overlooked the Bellagio and the location great.- CVS and Walgreens nearby had a small food market in them for essentional food items. Noise from the construction next door wasn't a big problem. Right across from the Miracle Mile shops where there are several restaurants and many shops. Our unit was spacious, well furnished and kept spotless during our stay.Upon departure, when we aked the front desk for a taxi to get us to the airport, they suggested a shuttle that cost only $6 p.p. and it was there promptly at 4:30 a.m. Have only positive coments to make about the Jockey Club.	
Oct 8 2008 	Beware	The Jockey Club has thieves working for them.Details; It is mandatory that you use their valet service if you park on the premises. I filled my gas tank the day before to facilitate a 5 AM departure. Approximately 20 minutes into the trip I scanned my gages and noticed I was under 3/4 of a tank of gas. Because of travel requirements I could not return and wait until management arrived to solve my dilemma. Later I found items had been taken out of the console of the car as well.Upon completion of my trip I notified Jockey Club by email of my problem. To date, 3 weeks later, they have refused to communicate with me. I contacted my booking agent Hotels Com on two occasions for assistance; they as well have had no response.Recommend you find a more reliable hotel/motel in Las Vegas.	
Oct 6 2008 	Great Location	Great hotel for the money! Easy walk to Bellagio and Planet Hollywood. View from room overlooking the fountains was nice. Only negative is that they do not allow late check out for overnight guest (non owners) but they will hold your luggage for you. I would stay here again.	
Oct 2 2008 	Still a great location!	My best friend and I booked this location through a timeshare exchange with Interval International. The week we picked was busy, so we could only get a one bedroom suite. There was a fold-out couch in the living room, so the suite was just fine for two people. We did not get one of the rooms facing the Bellagio fountains. We ended up on the sixth floor facing the Cosmopolitan construction. We never heard any construction noise loud enough to wake us up, though. The parking there is mandatory Valet parking. At night they take all the cars over to the Planet Hollywood parking garage and in the morning they bring them all back. Valet did manage to add a few very minor scratches to our brand new rental during this process, but not bad enough to be noticed by the rental company. The construction will coat your vehicle with dust, too. (I'd only worry if bringing your own vehicle with you.) This location is great! The Deuce stops right out front. Planet Hollywood is right across the street and has many shops and restaurants. The CVS is located nearby, right after the City Center Construction. All Jockey Club employees were friendly and helpful. There was free internet access available either in the rooms or by using the computers located in the lobby. There is a mini-mart near registration, but be prepared to pay more for the convenience. The bed and couch were quite firm, but the decorations are dated. You probably won't spend much time in the room, so it doesn't really matter. If you are looking for a great location, but nothing fancy, this would be your place. The furnished kitchen was good for making our own breakfast before going out for the day.(One Note: They should change the photo posted on here because this place no longer stands taller than anything around it. The pool area is covered by netting and we did not use it.)	
Jul 25 2008 	It's too bad........great little oasis in the desert	Having been very apprehensive about staying here after reading the recent reviews, I have to say that I would most definitely go back. It's too bad that this place is smack dab in the middle of a multi-billion dollar building project, because we really enjoyed the location. Kind of like a little oasis in the desert. We had a 2 bedroom unit and though we were told that there are only a few 2 bdrm units facing the Bellagio, we were able to get one in the very far back with a view of the fountains and Paris. It was so beautiful at night! Our unit was very clean and perfect for the 4 of us. The large master bdrm had a HUGE walk-in closet that you could put a roll away or air mattress in if necessary. There was a TV/DVD, small table with 2 chairs, a king size very comfy bed and a small but adequate bathroom with tub/shower combo. The 2nd bdrm was small but had a queen size bed, tv/dvd, large closet and was directly across from the other bathroom with a large stall shower. Kitchen was FULLY stocked with everything you could ever want. I have never seen a timeshare condo kitchen so well stocked. The kitchen though small was very functional and we used it for our dinners 3 nights out of the 5 we were there. There was a nice size dining room table and 6 chairs and the living room had a love seat and sofa bed (bed was very comfortable) and a tv/dvd and stereo. We did hear some building noise beginning at 5:30 am, but I discovered if I left the bathroom fan on at night it somewhat drowned out the noise. I did not use my earplugs and the sound did not bother my son or his gf in the other rooms. I am a very light sleeper. The pool was probably the worst part if that is important to you. There are nets stretched across to catch debris from the construction and was even closed (along with the fitness room) the last day we were there as they felt it was a safety hazard with something they were working on &quot;above&quot; that day. We did go in it one night and it was nice and refreshing after a very HOT day. It was kind of strange though looking up at the towering buildings and cranes everywhere. The staff was very friendly and helpful and though you now have to valet park, we never waited longer than 2-3 minutes for our car. There is complimentary coffee and donuts in the morning and free dvds and fresh popcorn in the afternoon in the hospitality room. Was a great little snack. The location of the Jockey Club can't be beat and that is why this is such a shame about the construction. THey say it will be 2 more years of this. If you can overlook the construction, dust and occasional noise, you can't beat it. If you stay there try and get a room facing the Bellagio, but there are no guarantees. Unfortunately if you get one on the south side of the building you will be looking out onto a concrete wall that is perhaps 3 feet away.	
Jul 22 2008 	No frills but in the heart of it all	We secured our 2 bedroom apartment via a time share exchange. The accommodations were clean and spacious. Although an older property, it was refrurbished a year ago and was quite comfortable. Currently 3 sides of the building have construction going on. The other side faces the Bellagio, Paris and the Las Vegas strip. The staff were all cheerful and good at their jobs. The parking is limited and at times you must park across the street at Planet Hollywood (the old Alladin) and catch a free shuttle back. There is a pool, small work out room and laundry facilities are available on several floors. Very few activities are planned, but then you are in the heart of Vegas. All in all, it was a good experience even without the &quot;glitz&quot; Vegas is known for.	
Jul 8 2008 	Average lodgings but great location	My husband and I stayed with our 2 children at the Jockey Club for 1 week over July 4th. We exchanged our timeshare through Interval International and checked in the Wednesday before July 4th. The exchange was straightforward, no issues with our check in; the luggage was up to our room within minutes and the valet parking was quick. This hotel has 2 buildings with the pool area in between. As others have said, this hotel is in the midst of a large amount of construction; 2 hotels are being built around the 2 Jockey Club buildings. One of the construction sites (for the Cosmopolitan hotel) has an office on the 2nd floor of back building, the Derby tower. As suggested in other reviews, we asked for a room facing the Bellagio hotel. But being in the back building, the main view from room 754 is of the Bellagio parking structure, so our views of the strip and the Bellagio fountains were only partial. The construction noise is prominent, for us we notice the noise not in the evenings, but the mornings. At 5:30 am every morning (except July 4th and Sunday), a truck came in and dropped off a construction dumpster and the noise began. We also noticed a lot of noise coming from our upstairs neighbor but not from other rooms on our floor. So if you are looking for a peaceful night’s sleep, this is not the hotel for you.The other effect of the construction is the pool covering; a double netting anchored with 4 or 5 very large posts (think a circus big top) and a dust of construction debris litters everything, including the pool water and pool loungers. I think the staff should do a better job of keeping the pool area cleaner and left comments on our review card at check out. The pool tiles were also filthy and the pool looked like it needed to be vacuumed more often. Pool side towels were plentiful and chilled bottled water was provided daily. The pool deck also has a pool table, ping pong table, dart board and kids sized basketball game. All the equipment was available for complementary check out on the first floor on the Ascot Tower in the hospitality room. Free popcorn, coffee and water was also available throughout the day in the hospitality room, along with a wide selection of movies (we only looked at the kids movies) and games available for use.The location of this hotel is perfectly situated on the strip and the small size made getting in and out of the hotel much easier than I would imagine guests of the mega resorts have. Valet parking is mandatory; they say due to the construction. The valets were quick and we only waited a few minutes each time to get our car. Only on July 4th when we came back to the hotel late, did we have to park across the street at the Planet Hollywood hotel parking structure (for no additional fee). A shuttle runs between the Jockey Club and the Planet Hollywood parking structure but stops at Midnight.We came to visit Las Vegas because we were visiting family over July 4th and because we live within driving distance. There is too much sexually explicit advertising for my taste and I was uncomfortable with my children in this situation, so I would not recommend Vegas a family destination (unless you were staying off the strip and did not bring your children to the strip.)	
Jun 24 2008 	Fantastic Vacation! Stop Whining About Noise!	Yes, it's in the middle of a construction site but you are in Vegas - it's one big construction site! We took the advice of some of the other reviews and requested a room facing the Bellagio. Well, not only was it quiet (we occassionally heard a backup signal from a truck - that was about it) but we had front row seats for the Fountain Show at the Bellagio (we just opened our windows a crack to hear the music - it was lovely).We had a 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom suite. The beds were comfortable, had huge oversized pillows (which I love), fully stocked kitchen (even had those rubber things to help open stuck jars!).The pool is small and is covered in netting. We had full sun the entire time out there but there were areas of shade to hide in when it got super hot. The staff was fantastic. Very friendly and accommodating. I'd go again in a heartbeat!	
Jun 2 2008 	Stay Away--Far Far Away	For the love of God don't stay here. You will be in the middle of a gigantic construction site. You would be better off staying in a cardboard box in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip. You have been warned.	
May 30 2008 	Stay Away! and Don't Book with Platinum Interchange	Jockey Club was the worst experience of my 30 year travel life. I travel extensively and know how to roll with the punches. Jockey Club had dirty floors, a jack hammer started outside my window at 4AM! No parking was available when I returned at 1 AM, even though 100% Valet parking was advertised. My only option was to park more than 1/2 mile away and wait for a once per hour shuttle.AND THE BEST PART - NO REFUND ON THE ENTIRE THREE DAY STAY! even though I checked out after the first night because the property was unnacceptable.I was required to pre-pay the entire stay. I disputed the charge through AMEX, but the chargeback was denied by Platinum Interchange/Tricom/Steven Morales.Platinum Interchange/Tricom took the &quot;blame the customer approach&quot;, specifically Steven Morales. He said it was my fault for not properly interpreting the packet full of written &quot;work around a bad situation&quot; instructions given to me a check in. He also blamed my long time travel agent who rarely makes a mistake.STAY AWAY! - this is a poorly managed property, an unacceptable accomodation and a classic blame the customer approach. The management companies only want the money.PRE PAY AT YOUR OWN RISK!.	
May 23 2008 	Disatisfied Customer	The hotel is old and to get to the room you would have to go through a maze. The room itself can use some updates. The bed was lumpy. The conceirge service was bad. I requested for a cab and they wouldn't make the call. I called the cab myself and he arrived within 15-20 mins. The only thing I can say about this hotel is that it's centrally located...but that's about it. I would NOT recommend this hotel at all.	
May 14 2008 	Stay Away If You Like To Sunbathe	HiIf you like to sunbathe this place is a definate NO NO--- you only have 2-3 hours of sunshine by the pool very early in the morning--The Jockey Club is right in the middle of a vey large construction site which is a real pity as it was such a lovely little home from home in the middle of The Las Vegas Strip.The construction is on going 23hours a day which is not good if you are a light sleep.On th upside the staff are excellent so if you don't like the sun and party all night this is the place for you.	
Apr 30 2008 	Perfect Penthouse located at the center of Las Vegas Strip	hi Beatrice,I want to let you know we had a great time. Everyone was so nice there. The penthouse is very beautiful and comfortable, plenty of rooms, and a lot of amenities. I could not ask for a better location. It's the place to stay if you're in vegas. It's like in the center of gravity where all the action in Las Vegas. Thank you so much.Bernadette	
Apr 30 2008 	Not bad for the price	I booked the 1 bedroom/ 1 bathroom condo timeshare at the Jockey Club through my work. It was only $75 per night and you cant beat that for the location or anything else on the strip or off.The staff was friendly, we were able to borrow movies and they had free popcorn. The condo had a fully equiped kitchen (stove, microwave, sink, coffee maker, fridge, plates, scissors, bottle openers, dish detergent, etc.) The place was really clean and although the color scheme is green, its nice, doesnt look old or worn. We stayed in a room where the maximum occupancy is 4, but there were six of us that stayed comfortably. The place is so large that we were able to put a queen size blow up mattress in the closet and sleep two people in there. The elevators are off the front desk, and entering from the back, they dont even see you as you come and go. Located right next to the Bellagio, its a prime location. The problem is that there is not adequate parking. We had to park at the mall across the street and then get shuttled over. Only one car could park in Valet. Sort of a pain. Also there is construction going on, but its supposed to be completed by December of 2008 (per the shuttle driver).We were honestly so tired, that we barely noticed the construction and it goes off and on for a couple of hours. Its truly not that bad. If you went to Vegas to sleep, you might not want to stay here. But we went to have fun and pass out.Overall, a great value. I dont know that Id pay more than $120 per night for this place though... there's not room service and the parking is a problem. Plus, who even really uses the kitchen. It depends on what you came for. If location is key, this is the place for you.	
Apr 28 2008	Great Stay at The Jockey Club	We were at The Jockey Club last week and were very impressed with our accommodation. I booked it through RCI and the booking agent warned us about the construction. I was advised to request a room on the side of the Bellagio. I did this a week before we left, then called a day before to confirm there was a note about this on our booking and also made sure to mention it when we checked in. Thank heavens, all turned out well and our view was of the Bellagio and we hardly heard the construction. My husband didn't even use the earplugs he was told to take along. The Jockey Club is located almost on the centre of the Strip which was ideal. We had a 1-bedroom suite which was very clean and surprisingly spacious - I also quite liked the walk-in closet! When we arrived, I was disappointed to see that the pool area is covered by a net to protect it from any falling debris, however, being Vegas Virgins (as my husband kept calling us - it was our first time visiting Las Vegas), with so much to see, we didn't even have time to go near the pool area! One of the things we really liked about this hotel is that there is no casino there and it's nice and quiet - no bling, bling as soon as you walk in like all the other hotels. The staff there were friendly and all, including the concierge, were extremely helpful. If one is happy not to stay in the fanciest shmanciest place and you don't want to pay fancy shmancy prices, then Jockey Club is all you need - a lovely, relaxed atmosphere with clean and spacious accommodation and staff to assist you with whatever you need.	
Apr 25 2008 	Beautiful Vegas Experience at Jockey	Upon our arrival to our luxury suite we found it very clean and comfortable and our room and bathrooms were a good size. The staff are all extremely friendly , obliging and welcoming and provide all the information you need regarding sightseeing, transport, places..The location was convenient and really fantastic, since we were right on the strip and didn't need to rent a car. Overall great value for the 2 bedrooms we received and a great stay. Hopefully we will be returning from New York for another friends wedding here next month and we will definitely be staying here in the future.	
Apr 18 2008 	Good Location - Ok hotel	We stayed at the Jockey Club because our friend had a timeshare type of thing that he was able to use. The value was great! It was very large and slept 8 of us. However, it really needed to be updated. It just did not compare to the other newer hotels. Although, it was in a super location. It is next to the Bellagio. We had a great time, but I would not recommend this hotel to others.	
Apr 10 2008 	Love Our Resort Suite!	This was our fourth visit to Vegas in one year and the second time staying at the Jockey Club Penthouse Suites.This time I brought my family along since I usually come for the conferences with my colleagues. The staff were very friendly and extremely helpful, everything we had come to expect from Vegas.The accommodations were immaculate.The kitchen area was well equipped and there was plenty of wardrobe space. The bathroom was a generous size (compared to broom cupboards found in UK hotels) a large shower and corner bath. It was disappointing that there was no balcony so we used the deck by the pool instead.The pool area and spa was lovely.Just across the road is the new Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino so we had a great time eating out there and at the Bellagio which is right next door. Also there's a 24 hour shop on premises to buy basic items and grab a quick bite if you're hungry and free movies to rent. At first glance with its basic seating and decor your wonder what it will be like, but the place was top class!	
Mar 31 2008 	Horrible Jockey Club	We stayed in the Jockey and had a horrible experience for 4 long days and nights. At one time years ago it was probably a lovely place in a desireable location. When we booked we were told by RESORT TIME.COM that there was some nearby construction. We stopped a month before we checked in to view the premises that we would be in and found the entire building encircled by the construction of the new civic center. The only open side was toward the Belaggio and this was where numerous trucks and equipment were unloaded and stored etc. -creating lot of activity. We went to the check-in and enquired about cancelling our reservation but they told us that a large portion of our payment was not refundable and as we had paid up front online we were locked in. We asked if there were any quiet rooms and the staff told us no. Then came the shocker - the construction was going on 24/7. We were not told this by RESORT TIME.COM. Basically they misrepresented the facts. We also checked the Jockey Club wesite and there was no mention of 24/7 construction. We had no choice but to try it if we did not want to lose most of our payment. We arrived and spent 4 sleepless nights in a dark, noisey and dingy environment. The staff offered to move us but there were no quiet rooms anywhere so it did not matter. The Jockey Club should be closed until after the construction is done and maybe forever when you see what the new buildings will do to it. There will not be any sunshine anywhere and it will be like living in a cave. WE WILL NEVER STAY IN IT AGAIN. PLEASE DO NOT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE WE MADE. Jan Horejsi	
Mar 26 2008 	The Strip's Best Kept Secret	Five friends and I stayed in the 2-bedroom suite March 14-17. The suite had plenty of space for 6 guys; Walk-in closet, two full bathrooms, 2 double beds in one room, another double bed in the other, plus a full size sofa bed, and plenty of floor space. The room was well appointed, and the staff kept us with plenty of towels, upon request. The toilet in one bathroom did overflow, but the hotel responded to our call immediately, and took good care of it. The full size fridge and full kitchen was a plus. Had plenty of glasses, plates, flatware, etc. And housekeeping does the dishes for you, when you leave them in the sink.The location was excellent; center strip, right in between the Bellagio, and this HUGE development project called City Center, and across the street from Planet Hollywood. Construction noise was never an issue, and it is on both sides of the hotel (we faced the Bellagio side). Getting to the entrance through the hotel driveway was not an issue either. Our limo dropped off us right at the door. All in all, it was a great stay at the Jockey Club. I would definitely stay there again, and would recommend it to anyone else, in a minute.	
Mar 25 2008	Hated It!!!!!!	Worst experience as far as staying I have ever had. The staff was good but because of the amount of Construction I did not enjoy my stay. I visited from the 3/19-3/23. The staff was not really concerned with my stay after complaining about the amount of noise. No indication that the construction was going on 24 hrs a day. Hosptality person called my room and recommended &quot;earplugs&quot;. where is the safety value in that. Overall I would give my stay a 3. Didn't even enjoy the facilities because of the Noise. One good thing was the Bell Staff and the Valets.	
Mar 14 2008 	Construction Alert!!!	I'm writing this review at 6am Vegas time, because the construction noise literally outside my window is keeping me awake. If you are planning a visit here in the near future you probably want to reconsider. The room itself is not bad - it's clean and pretty much what was advertised. But as I have come to find out there are no restrictions on when construction is allowed to be conducted, and they have been working outside my window all night. The backup beeps from the trucks are driving me out of my mind.	
Mar 13 2008 	Great Location. Great Time.	Stayed at the Jockey Club over New Year's Eve. Had a fantastic time. The room we had was very large (1 bedroom with 2 queen size beds and 1 and 1/2 bathrooms), nicely furnished. Had a dining room - the table was already set including real napkins and wine glasses. A nice kitchen which included coffemaker, toaster, full size refridge, stove/oven, dishwasher and microwave. Everything you could need (and more) was there. The beds were comfortable and had nice pillows.Only &quot;complaint&quot; was I found the bathrooms a bit small. We wondered why since there is a LARGE (and I mean LARGE) walk in closet. I think I've stayed in hotel rooms that were smaller! Also I found the sheets/comforters on the bed could have been nicer with an upgraded to some higher sheet/thread counts and a nice Duvet. The staff was very very helpful, friendly and effecient. We were told that there is construction going on around the JC - 3 of the sides actually - we never heard it which was great. Maybe because of the Holiday? Anyway, you cannot park on site - it is all Valet. Which was fine with us and no problems and no big waits.The best part of the JC is the awesome strip location - it is right on Las Vegas Blvd - right next to the Bellagio. We had easy and close access to the strip for the NYE celebration - what fun. You are also right across the street from the Planet Hollywood resort that has many stores and restaurants.Overall, we were very impressed with the JC and are already planning on returning.	
Mar 7 2008 	Great Location - Great Value!	Rented a timeshare here for the NASCAR races. It's location is great - right on the strip next to the Bellagio - and I found the rooms (we had a two bedroom suite) clean and well laid out.The biggest drawback is the construction. Depending on where your room is located - the exception is the Bellagio side - you may be facing the construction of towers that will dwarf the Jockey Club once completed. With the construction comes some noise. Our suite faced the Bellagio side; I didn't find the noise to be a challenge, but the two light sleepers in our group found they needed earplugs to sleep (the construction is 24 hrs/day).With that said, I would stay there again and face any direction, as the location, comfort, and service level outweighed by far the inconvenience of the construction.	
Jan 28 2008	CLEANEST HOTEL	I came to experience Las Vegas after I turned 21 summer/2007. My friends and I stayed at the Jockey Club, not knowing what to expect.  There was a lot of construction underway onsite during our stay that changed the swimming pool and fitness center hours to a rotten 6am-6pm. I know this had nothing to do with the quality of hotel service or anything, just bad timing. I was really looking forward to that 24 hour pool! One downside is that each day it seemed like we were missing something from our room. Stuff like expensive denim jeans and other personal items came up missing in the end. There is no one to blame, but i don't think it's a coincidence that we all were missing our pants! The lost and found staff was helpfull, but really didn't help much as there was nothing they could do. Oh well, go to Vegas, lose your trousers right? However, The Jockey Club is probably the cleanest hotel I've ever stayed at. We exhausted the facillities and I was impressed at how spotless everything was kept. The Pool, laundry room, lobby, movie room, lost and found room, elevators, restrooms, long wierd hallways that lead somewhere (?) were all so fresh and clean! THANK YOU!!!	
Jan 13 2008 	Very Adequate	This was a TIME SHARE exchange You cannot compare The Jockey Club to the Venetian,Bellagio,or Caesars.This is a wonderful location right next to the Bellagio ----Monte CarloBE AWARE there is enormous construction work happening @ this location You cannot drive up to the entrance,because of constructionBut remember Bellagio is one side and Monte Carlo is on the other so they nearly have the same problem but on one side,having said that ........Reception is perfect smiling helpful faces our 1 bed suite was on the 11th floor Penthouse we had the scaffolding touching the window but we slept every morning until 10am with no problemThis is perfect for more than 2 people because of the size of the suitesThere is everything you need full kitchen Living area, Dining area Bedroom ,TINY BATHROOM but HUGE WALK-IN Closet???Fantastic Pillows (bought 2)We went to the Jockey Club because we needed to use our Time Share &amp; but we were only a couple This is a perfect place for families or larger partiesThere is a small Mini Mart only good for pop &amp; Chips ,Milk,ABC is opposite but just as expensive.We went to 4 BuffetsGreat reasonable Restaurants opposite @ Planet HollywoodPH Buffet is Great well worth a visit ----Amazing Crabs Legs Split for you ( Our rating 2nd)Bellagio Buffet was fantastic (1st) Attentive Staff,Great Atmosphere,Harrahs Buffet(3rd) it Good Staff ,Cafeteria Atmosphere it is fantastic GREAT BEEF you can get a coupon price from the Ticket Office @ MGM or Hawain Market it will cost you $16 instead of $24-----Amazing Desserts ***Rio Buffet (4thEnourmous Buffet, Huge to many stations, again you can get a coupon same place--------No complaints Staff not very attentive venue pretty dated	
Dec 28 2007	Excellent Family place	We stayed at this hotel for three nights and had an excellent time. They had a valet and bellman to take our luggage to the hotel room. The room which we booked for $92 a night was very good. It was about 800 sq ft with a living room , dining , bed room, bath and walk in closet. The kitchen was equipped with utensils, scrubber, even pepper and salt. I always prefer hotels with kitchenette as we are vegetarians and prefer to cook or carry food. Although the walk to the entrance was quite long I would definitely recommend staying here as it is in the middle of the strip and well suited for families.	
Dec 10 2007 	Loved the Jockey Club	Stayed last week and loved the place. Was our first time to stay there and was concerned about the noise, but it was not a problem. We stayed on 4th floor of Derby Tower. There was some noise occasionally but nothing that would keep you awake. Room was clean and updated. Staff was friendly and helpful.	
Dec 2 2007 	Personal comprehensive review of the Penthouse suite @the Jockey Club	My girlfriends &amp; I stayed @the Jockey Club for Veteran's Day weekend (Nov. 9-12) and had the MOST FABULOUS time!!! We booked a 2 bdrm/2 bath penthouse suite thru lasvegasrental.org, and for 5 girls, there was plenty of room for everyone.The things I liked:1. CLEANLINESS - It was clean and the furniture/decor seemed updated. Even the bathrooms looked like they were recently remodeled.2. THE VIEW - We had a direct view of the Bellagio water show everyday and everynight. From the master bedroom, since it was a corner unit with all windows, we had both a view of the Bellagio water show as well as the Vegas strip. We truly felt like &quot;high rollers&quot; w/out the empty pockets!3. PRIVACY - There is a one-time cleaning fee, and you don't get the daily maid service like you would in the hotels; but I thought that was better since we were only there for 3 nights. We could leave our personal, valuable belongings exposed w/out worry that there would be strangers going through our rooms.6. AMENITIES - The kitchen was fully stocked from dishwashing liquid, plateware/silverware, wine bottle opener, to extra plastic bags. The bathroom was fully stocked w/more than enough towels and Bath &amp; Body soaps, lotions, shampoos &amp; conditioners. We had 5 girls who each took showers everyday and went through a new towel each time, yet there were still new, unused towels leftover by the time we checked out. 6. PARKING - Free valet parking all day everyday. Not to mention, the valet guys were all very professional, sincere, and quick to get your car. The service was 5 star!!!7. LOCATION - Right off the strip, next to Bellagio, across from the mall... everything you need is within walking distance... what more could 5 girls ask for?Problems...I didn't really see any problems that were intolerable. I do understand the other reviews and their complaints about the noise &amp; construction, and it's true that there is some huge billion $ project being built around the hotel, but there's construction everywhere in Vegas right about now. It did look like a war zone around the hotel as you pull into the front lobby, but don't be so quick to judge. During the 4 days we stayed there (Fri-Mon), I was never bothered by the noise or construction. Not to say that I didn't hear anything, I did! But the noise was not anything so big that turning on the volume of the TV or CD couldn't fix. In fact, every night I slept with one window in the livingroom open, and had no issues falling asleep or staying asleep. Granted, we partied every night we were there, but... isn't that WHY you would go to Vegas in the first place???Perhaps most of the complaints are coming from those who stayed in rooms that were not on the Bellagio side of the building. I do believe there was more construction going on at the opposite side of where we stayed. We also stayed in a penthouse suite on the 11th floor, which I believe is their top most floor, so the location was well above and farther away from the construction noise.All in all, ABSOLUTELY I would stay there again, but I would ONLY book a penthouse suite on the Bellagio side since my experience was positive with them. I would suggest that if you plan to stay here, ask whoever you are booking through to be honest with you about the situation with the construction. Ask them which floor you'll be on, which side of the building is your room, and whether there are any cranes and construction obstructing your view. If you can book the penthouse on the 11th floor, that's going to be your best bet :)	
Nov 11 2007	Don't rule out the Jockey Club!	I feel the need to add my two cents worth on the Jockey Club.I stayed at the Jockey Club Oct 26 through 29, 2007 (we were three retired ladies, all with extensive travel experience). Given a number of reviews, we were somewhat concerned about the construction issue, and while in the throes of decision making, I spoke directly to a lady at the JC and staff at the Las Vegas Tourist Bureau. The people I spoke to were quite open about the issue and the potential for noise, but also pointed out that individual experiences have apparently been quite different, with some happy customers and some unhappy. Because our priorities were location, convenience (having kitchen facilites so we could breakfast in), and space (three in a room, and not wanting to be tripping over one another), we decided to take a chance (we were going to Vegas, after all!). We booked through the LVTB.We were in Room 1018, right beside the elevator, and facing the construction and the Monte Carlo Hotel. Rooms on the north side, where we had hoped to be, face the fountains at Bellagio. While our view was not impressive ( a number of buildings going up, and I counted over forty porta-potties, which was pretty exciting!), never once were we bothered by noise. Heavy equipment was operating below us, cranes were moving stuff, and men were laying steel below and to the right of our room. We heard the occasional banging (once that I remember) and a few beeps, but honestly, nothing bothersome.There was no work except at ground level from late Saturday pm until Monday morning.Having said all of this, it was not difficult to see that if we had been in a different room, at a different time, the noise could have been a real issue. The suite itself was spacious (large bedroom with two queen beds, double walk-in closet and full bath off bedroom, another closet and half bath off hallway, large livingroom with queen hide-a-bed, dining set, and fully equipped kitchen. It was not luxurious, but had been recently refurbished, and was clean and comfortable. Beds were great, pillows were awesome, hide-a-bed was OK. Housekeeping was OK (we didn't require much); we had lots of towels, etc.; coffee and tea were supplied. Front desk staff were pleasant and helpful, and our one and only wake-up call came right on time.Location was perfect - right beside Bellagio, across from Planet Hollywood, close to the street, with a bus stop right in front (we used the Deuce bus every day). Several times one or the other of us returned to the JC alone late at night, and felt safe doing so (lots of foot traffic, decent lighting, always staff at the side entrance, etc). The little market on the ground floor was pricey, but had more variety than the ABC store in the mall across the street (where prices were similar), and suited our needs. There was no safe in the suite, but they have bank style safety deposit boxes at the front desk -- accessible 24 hours, and very secure. Luggage storage (checkout was at 11:00, but we had a late flight) was also convenient and secure.All in all, our experience with the JC was great. Our gamble on accomodations paid off - unlike the slot machines!	
Nov 5 2007 	I'd Stay There Again-With Earplugs!	Just got back from staying there. I'd stay there again in a second Beprepared though, the Jockey Club has almost nothing you'd want in a Vegas hotel. However, it has a great location and the rooms are big and well-supplied and it's cheap and available in a pinch. If you are with your wife or a fussy friend- they will complain about the construction and dumpy hallways. But when you get to your room it's a pleasant, 1972decorated apartment setting. If you want to sleep- BRINGEARPLUGS.	
Nov 3 2007 	Loved it - Highly recommended	We stayed at the Jockey Club from 17th October until 24th October. It was through a timeshare exchange. I was a bit concerned about staying at the Jockey Club due to the reviews alot of people had posted on this site, but in my opinion people are just being very fussy. Yes there is alot of construction next to the building, we stayed on the 10th floor in room 1024, facing the construction, but at no time did the construction noise bother us. There is alot of construction at the moment in Las Vegas, just think that if you were staying on the north side of the Monte Carlo you would have a similar view, but for double the price. Any construction comments therefore cannot only be associated with the Jockey Club. The room was very spacious, contained everything that we needed, well furnished, and nicely decorated. My fiancee said the bed was the most comfortable she had ever slept in, even to the extent that she wanted to take the pillows home with us. (but didn't)We did not get to see the pool area, due to the fact that we had so many things planned during our visit..The staff at the Jockey Club were very polite and the valet parking was no problem at all. There was only one occasion that we could not park due to the lateness of our return from a show and the valet parking was full. Our solution was to valet park our vehicle in Planet Hollywood, and just walked through the casino and across the street. A walk of between 5 and 10 minutes.We had read several reviews about people having problems with taxis,picking up or dropping off at the JC. However on the occasion that we had to use a taxi to get to the JC we did not encounter any difficulty.The internet access in the lobby was a real plus point. The housekeeping was excellent (fresh towels on request). The real plus point about the JC is the location right on The Strip, everything is within walking distance and the deuce bus is very convenient to reach Downtown.We would certainly choose the Jockey Club again.	
Oct 29 2007	Yuck.	Stayed for 3 nights and as mentioned in the previous posts the construction SUCKS! We arrived at 1 am to the sound of jack hammering and bull dozers and it went on all day and night. The hotel has sold every inch of property all the way around it and the construction is supposed to take 2-3 years from what we were told. Not sure if they stop for the weekend, but it did seem to be somewhat quieter during the weekend hours.	
Oct 28 2007	In the middle of a building site	We stayed as a family of 9 in 2, two bedroom appartments. Very well furnished, big, with every extra for a comfortable stay ( and self catering). We asked for a view of the 'strip' and got a view of the building site with the constant 'beep beep' of vehicles reversing 24/7. Did the job for one night, but recommend you avoid it whilst construction is in progress.	
Oct 27 2007 	Surrounded by construction!	We had our family reunion this year in Vegas and based on a previous stay at The Jockey Club decided to stay here again. You can't beat the location, right on the Strip next to The Bellagio and across fromPlanet Hollywood (formerlly The Aladdin) and in the past it's been a great place to stay, BUT...where once there was a parking lot and an empty lot is now being transformed into a new resort and casino. TheJockey Club is literally surrounded by the new resort and the construction proves it! The good: Location, valet parking is offered for guests as there is no longer parking on-site, staff are very helpful (and probably a bitembarrassed by all the activity surrounding the hotel), no nonsense nice place to stay while in Vegas.The bad: You are surrounded by construction! We stayed in room 608, a two bedroom/two bath, and could have reached out the master bedroom window and high-fived the construction workers. Yes, they really were that close. Construction (jack hammers, welding, etc.) starts at 6am on all days except Sunday. Over this past weekend (Oct 20-21) they were pouring cement 24/7. Granted, when we meet in Vegas it's to have fun and not relax in our room but after a night of fun and rolling in at all hours, being jolted awake at 6am was not ideal.The pool is heated and, based on past experiences, is a nice place tospend a few hours. Now a large tarp covers the pool area to prevent any construction materials from falling into it or on you! Eak! I chose not to swim this time around...All in all...if you're heading to Vegas to party round the clock and you just need a place to crash before you head out the next day, thenthis might be ok for you. If you're heading to Vegas to play a bit and relax a bit and want to spend some time in your room, then I wouldn't recommend staying here until the construction is completed.	
Oct 24 2007	Bad Stay	Jockey Club Penthouse (#1176). Construction on all night long. Renter lied about the level of construction activity. I was expecting some construction, not to be surrounded by it. No one in our group was able to sleep.	
Oct 24 2007 	Construction 24 hours a day	We booked thru a RCI points exchange. The construction is 24 hours a day. At 6am, they started breaking up concrete right outside the window. I was able to change to the other side but there is construction 20 feet from the window. It is not as noisy but still loud. This is possibly the worse time share trade I have ever had. There is little or no parking so you have to park in the Planet Hollywood lot about 15 minutes away. There is a shuttle the runs occasionally so it is easier to walk. Room is nice but if Las Vegas lets construction 24 hours a day, you know what the priority is.	
Oct 24 2007	What a bargain for the location!	Although the construction noise was a bit of a pain, who is supposed to sleep in Vegas anyhow? Staying at Jockey Club just a very short distance from Bellagio was great. A condo instead of a Bellagio hotel room for 25% of the price. I'll take the noise.When the Cosmospolitian is finished on the other side, their rooms will probably be more than Bellagio.I'lll be back for sure!	
Oct 22 2007	The Most Horrible Place......For Insomniacs only	We recently stayed with relatives who have time share, at the Jockey Club… I can only say it was a very horrible experience… Upon arrival, you couldn’t check in until 4:00 pm… (at least they stored our luggage until then)…. The walk between elevators to get to your rooms was long and physically challenging… the carpet on the stairs was worn and revealed old carpet underneath. The pool area was completely covered with netting, in case of fallen debris from the construction next door… Unfortunately that did nothing for the small partials of white debris falling from the top of the building site into the pool area… Needless to say we didn’t use the pool.. The rooms were clean and the bed felt comfortable… If you could sleep… The construction next door was 24-7...All day and All night…….Jack hammers, Cement trucks and other loud construction equipment was continuous… We even made several attempts to sleep on the pull out sofa bed, close the doors to the main bedroom… However, if you were able to get a few hours of asleep.. you were continuosly waken with sudden loud noises over and over…We were tired all day and all night….No other accommodations were available and we couldn’t wait to leave. We have visited Las Vegas on numerous occasions and stayed at many locations…this was the worse lodging accommodations we have ever had… Our family who had the timeshare was so embarrassed that they continuously apologized for our location….and the horrible noises, lack of sleep…according to them they will never stay at the Jockey Club again….Do yourself a favor…. Stay anywhere else than the Jockey club, you will be glad you did.	
Oct 21 2007	Love where is located- Hate the location	The location, next to Bellagio is great and having an apartment not just a room is very nice. However all around is a big construction site. The noise is starting at 6 AM and is very noticeable. The taxies are not stopping for pick up at the hotel/condo and you need to walk 5-10min to the next hotel to pick one up (or wait forever on the street). The staff is not very accommodating. The unit we stay was OK. Our friends have an old 2 bedroom unit with stained carpet. One day somebody from the staff tried to use the paging system for some announcement and the noise was on for 15 minutes. No apology for the misuse.The Ascot tower we stayed in is under renovation so on top of walkingoutside in construction zone you also need to go a long way through inside construction, since the main entrance to Ascot Tower is closed. We did not experience the awful inside noise that some otherscomplained because at 6AM some bathroom units were in renovation.We were waiting for our luggage that were stored for 20 minutes (no apology) and we were told to get them ourselves from storage with no communication to the guy in charge- so we wasted other 5 min trying to get approvals. Good thinks we left with plenty of time for the airport.Maybe when all the construction will be completed (1 or 2 years) it will be a nice place. I will recommend for now for people that are not disturbed by noise, dust and luck of service.	
Oct 15 2007	Maybe worst place ever	We booked the Jock Club through a Time Share excange thinking it would be a good deal (we had two other friends with us and usually get nice accommodations via the Time Share. Well, this place is the absolute pits! An old hotel that's been partially converted to time share, it faces the Bellagio's parking lot on one side and 24 hour/day construction on the other -- complete with round the clock pile driving! The mattresses on the beds are shot. And forget the kitchen -- unless you have a car there is no place nearby to get food -- other than the minimart in the hotel -- which charges an arm and a leg -- a small container of instant coffee is $8. It can also be a long walk from parts of the building to the other wing. In short, this was by far the worst place we ever stayed in Las Vegas or anywhere (we've been to Las Vegas a half-dozen times before). It was an embarrassment to have invited friends along to stay with us in this &quot;time share&quot;. Would never do this again! Do yourself a favor and stay in one of the regular casino hotels. It may cost a little more, but you'll be close to the action and in a nice place. This place should not be even listed in the time share exchnage program! (Oh yea -- an don't plan on checking in early. They will not give you anything before 4:00pm!	
Oct 14 2007 	Loved it!	It was a great stay. I would say between 4-5 Star Accomodations. Amazing deal for friends and family to be together on the strip! We had a lovely 2 bedroom 2 bath suite, with lots of space and all the amenities. We walked everywhere, but also used the free valet service that was offered when we needed the car.Overall phenomenal suite. Happy we stayed here. My boyfriend found an ad on-line advertising the luxury suites, and we loved it.We'll back in a few months and thank the crew who made this all possible. About construction, it's all over Las Vegas.	
Oct 11 2007 	Great location fantastic stay.	Stayed here with my girlfriend and a few friends. The penthouse was great. Great location. Was worried about construction, but it wasn't bothersome at all.	
Sep 30 2007 	Noise in the extreme even with earplugs	Funnily enough I booked this hotel because as a non-gaming hotel I thought it would be quieter. Not at all. It was so loud there it was like being on the building site. We asked if we could change rooms but were told that because we'd booked through Expedia the only rooms available were on the noisy side of the building. We'd paid so we would have had to go somewhere else and pay again and we had driven a long way. The heavy construction equipment was very close and kept going in the evening and started again at 5am. It was so noisy we couldn't use the bedroom and slept on the fold-out couch and used earplugs. The staff and rooms were nice but because of the noise a very unenjoyable place to stay.	
Sep 11 2007 	great location but lots of construction!	This was our first visit to Las Vegas....and we are already planning the next! We got the Jockey Club through an exchange with our timeshare. It was the only resort available at the time we could go. We were told that there would be some construction going on...and boy they were right. The suite we had was not on the Bellagio side, so the view from our room looked a bit like &quot;Ground Zero&quot;. We stayed on a labor day weekend so we didnt hear any of the constuction going on for the first few days. On the 4th day, the day we left, we did hear construction starting at 4 in the morning...which didnt bother us much because of the time change (7am New York time) we were pretty much awake. Hubby was able to sleep in a bit longer, though, before we had to be up for an 8am transfer to the airport. Because of its location I would definately recommend the Jockey Club. It is centrally located. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Even though the suite was dated, it was very clean and adequate. If you come to Vegas and live it up as we did...You won't be bothered by construction because you will be too tired for it to matter.	
Aug 30 2007 	It's a building site!	It may have been an ideally situated place once upon a time but it's literally in the middle of a building site now. I know work has to be carried out but this is horrendous. There's a 9 billion dollar construction being built which will take until 2009 to complete and the Jockey Club is slap bang in the middle of it all. We had a room facing the Bellagio but couldn't see it for cranes. They start up at 4am and for 3 nights we put up with the most unbelievable noise from a mechanical hammer outside the window (&amp; we were on the 9th floor). I was feeling ill from lack of sleep so my husband requested a move. We were given a room in the main tower (there are 2 towers, Ascot &amp; Derby) which was better but the hammer moved along the building and we heard it again from 6am. We spent the last 3 nights sleeping on the sofa bed with cotton wool in our ears so that we could close the doors on the bedroom and try to get some peace. The pool? It's covered by 2 nets to prevent anything falling from the site and everything's covered in a layer of dust. The corridors inside are being decorated too. I have to say the rooms are fine, well equipped and comfotable but I went for location and wish I'd stayed elsewhere. The car park fills up so if you don't get back before then you have to park in Planet Hollywood across the road and there's a shuttle back.........very inconvenient. We used the Bellagio car park a couple of times and walked back. We have had timeshare for 20 years but we couldn't find anywhere available do booked this as a rental but I'm glad we hadn't used a week for this. It's a shame though, it's hardly their fault that this is happening around them but it's not what you need on holiday is it?.	
Aug 26 2007 	dont stay at the jockey club	just a note to say keep a wide berth from the jockey club if you are a timeshare owner as myself stay at polo towers/ chateau maroitt or the carriage house as there is building all around this hotel it is a nightmare you will be wasting your week/points here it is also very run down and should never be listed on interval website as 5 star very missleading, i am writing this review to fore warn all other timeshare owners not to book and stay here dont waste your week and dont waste your points and tranfer fees stay elsewhere!!!!!	
Aug 24 2007 	Great for Us	Check in was a breeze, no huge lines like at the casinos. Condo was CLEAN. Furniture adequate--King bed seemed new-firm and comfortable. Loved the double doors dividing bedroom and living room/kitchen area. Had absolutely everything we needed. Construction around area was ongoing though we had absolutely no trouble with noise. Front doors of the hotel were closed off and had to enter through the back. Walk to the strip was really short, however, at night it would make you hesitant to walk alone. I didn't see any type of security. Cabs would drop you off, but not pick you up at the hotel due to the construction. Jockey Club did provide a shuttle (no waiting-just hop in) that took you across the street to Planet Hollywood where you could catch a cab. All in all it was a very good experience and I would definitely stay again.	
Aug 24 2007 	Loved the Jockey Suites	Reserved a stay in a privately owned suite at the Jockey and really enjoyed our stay. First time in Vegas with my mom and brother and we really had the most amazing time. Great place, with a kitchen, living, dining area and comfortable furniture and an awesome location. We'll definitely be back. We didn't mind the construction as our friends were staying at the MGM and the same thing is happening there. Highly recommend the luxury suites. No major casino which was a plus for me, not for my mom who would have been gambling all night. Great and overall it was just a really amazing experience for my family and I.	
Aug 13 2007 	Great location but find somewhere else !!	Fantastic location, fabulous place, the bit they don't tell you is the construction work going on all around you. Don't get me wrong the rooms are great, sofa, kitchen all amenities including dishwasher except laundry, that's downstairs, walk in wardrobe huge space and from our room a view of the Bellagio fountains. Sadly also a view of a core driller machine right outside the hotel. The neighbours are building something huge and surrounding the premises on all sides. One whole wing of the premises look out onto a multi level car park possibly only 20ft away at eye level, on all levels! and the core driller was in action from 0400 am. Many think this disruption is a deliberate attempt to upset Jockey club residents, destroying business, many guests were voting with their feet, me, I was there for only 3 nights ear plugs worked, any longer &amp; we would have walked too. Sorry but I think its a gem thats not long for this world and perhaps somewhere else, perhaps not so good on amenities, but better for sleep would be better suited for restful stay, oh &amp; pool is V poor, unless you like construction noise, dirty water &amp; a glimpse of the sun between buildings....good luck.	
Aug 7 2007 	great location	We stayed at the Jockey Club in early July and found that yes there is a lot of construction going on around the hotel. I had phoned ahead and asked for a room on the Bellagio side and that request was granted. We heard very minimal noise in our room.We had a two bedroom apartment on the ninth floor and it was clean and large enough for five. The kitchen was great for breakfasts. The location can not be beat as you are in the center of all the action on the strip. The bus stop is just outside the door and valet parking was available at the hotel, but be careful as some nights the parking became full.We enjoyed our stay and would probably stay there again.	
Aug 4 2007 	was staying at hotel next to it	sorry to inform you all who are stopping at or near to the jockey club but there is a hell of a lot of construction happening here at least 3 sides of the hotel has construction going on around it (new condos being built ) starts early still there in late evening	
Jul 25 2007 	Noise is unbearable	We traded our timeshare for a week at the Jockey Club. Although we were out of the room most of the day, the construction noise and drilling started at 3:00 a.m. each day and continued to mid-afternoon. They can work 24-7 on the strip. Although the accomodations were fine, the noise is unbearable. Plan to sleep between 3:00 p.m.-3:00 a.m. We were actually put in a unit away from the construction. I can't even imagine the other side!	
Jul 24 2007	A Refuge in the middle of Sin City	Loved it. Really loved Las Vegas and all of its excitement, but when I needed to take a break, the Jockey Club offered an outstanding refuge. Jockey Club has a friendly staff, great location at a reasonable price. No gambling at the Jockey Club. You can check out movies, visit the pool, Sauna or the exercise room. (free of charge) If it is gambling and excitement that you love, you are right in the center of everything. I would recommend it. In fact, we plan to return to Vegas next Summer and my wife said it has to be the Jockey Club. Some construction was taking place as it is everywhere in Vegas. We were on the opposite side so we were not bothered by the sounds. We could lie in our beds and watch the waters of the Bellagio.	
Jul 2 2007	Location location location!!	I own a timeshare weeks and got to finally take one of my weeks in Las Vegas and I'm so glad I stayed at the Jockey Club although their were some negative comments about the place I was a bit leary and since I booked a year in advanced demanded the best room available. I was placed on the penthouse floor with a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains daily and nightly. I absolutely loved it. The suite was clean and great! Nice size closet and TV/dvd in both rooms plus library to borrow dvds along with conciere for shows and tours. The location is perfect. Jockey Club should not give up their location for nothing in the world. It centrally located on the strip next to bellagio and the new grand mgm center mall (currently being built so yes ask for earplugs if you don't want to be awaken too early in the morning) Yes, but no big deal your in Vegas and not in the room that much anyway. When there it is not that annoying atleast not on Northside of building. I was told all rooms are the same throughout the resort. I loved that I could exercise or swim or chill in the hot tub at anytime. Location is everything - This resort is across from Paris and Alladin. If you own a timeshare it may not have the private jacuzzi tub, you may be use to but this place is as nice as any other resort and definitely worth it since you are on the strip. Most others are off the strip somewhere that most people who wants to be in the action of it all can't immediately join. When you see people say that it back off the strip by half a block that's pretty normal for most hotels on the strip. I choose to go in one direction on one side of the street one day and the opposite direction on one side of the street on the next day. So it was great that I didn't tire myself out by walking the whole strip on one side. it really is in the middle of the strip, but take the charlie to Stratosphere and downtown. it also has a store right inside club along with shuttle bus to real grocery store twice a week. If other family attends, they can enjoy the separate living room sleeper sofa and full kitchen and dining area. I look forward to staying in the future. Special Thanks to front desk manager very helpful.	
Jul 2 2007 	Location great otherwise get what you pay for.....	I found the Jockey Club on vrbo.com. We stayed here April 18th - 21st for a wedding that was held at the Belagio. We had six people comfortably in a Penthouse suite and paid an average of $62 per night. Given what we paid, the accomodations were fine. The location is great as we were back and forth to the Belagio quite a bit. It's Vegas so you're never in your room anyway and the option of cooking in was nice and probably saved us $120 at least one night.We were on the construction side for Center city or City center or whatever it's called but it was never really an issue. Generally, we rolled in at 4 or 5 a.m.All in all, the cheapest part of my trip by far. If you don't drop the $ on lodging you'll drop it elsewhere and personally, I'd rather drop it elsewhere. But if you're looking for a high end room, suggest looking elsewhere or be more discriminate about which unit you get (ie ask if it's been updated lately)	
Jun 29 2007 	Enjoyed our stay	We own a timeshare in California and needed to exchange our week for one in Las Vegas, Nevada. Although I had read some rather disturbing comments regarding the Jockey Club, we decided to stay there because the location was near Bally's where our child was attending a dance competition. Our experience was &quot;great&quot;. From the time we arrived until the day we left, everyone was very helpfull. Especially the men who provided valet service! They were very courteous.......even when we requested our car several times during the course of one day! We are used to staying in bungalo units and not hotel rooms, so I was rather skeptical of staying in a hotel setting. We were assigned to a 2 bedroom on the 10th floor. The rooms were very spacious, clean and comfortable. We needed handicap amenities which were promptly provided. The view was great. We enjoyed the water fountain show of the Bellagio every evening without having to go outside. Although there is construction going on next door, we were not disturbed by it. I guess that was because we had requested rooms away from the construction site. All in all, our experience was enjoyable and I would not hesitate to stay there again in the future.	
Jun 9 2007 	Nice Accomodations-Pleasant Surprise	Jockey Club is centrally located, next door to the Bellagio--which was great! There is construction in front of the building (another hotel being built) so ask for rooms on the opposite side of the Jockey Club. They work around the clock and the noise can be disturbing, even for those who are up in the wee hours. The hallways are a bit run down but the rooms are updated.Rooms were clean and each kitchen was well stocked. If you want to cook, the Jockey Club has a shuttle to the food store a few times per week.	
Jun 5 2007 	Jockey Club- Great Location	We booked a penthouse suite in the second tower over Memorial Day weekend. The pool was a little small and has no life guard, it is surrounded by a child proof fence (not very attractive to the eye). Next to the pool is a small, but useful gym with some cardio equipment, a few machines, and dumbells. There was also a decent sized jacuzzi.The rooms were clean and spacious. In the hall, the drop ceiling gives the place a cheap look, but nothing that would affect my decision to stay again. The suite came with a fully equipped kitchen.There was no construction noise over the weekend, but it is definitely still in construction. It is a nice place to stay for someone who is not looking to party at the pool. The best thing about the hotel is that is in the middle of the strip.	
May 8 2007 	Enjoyed the stay at the Jockey Club	I traded timeshare for stay at the Jockey Club. The stay was April 9th 2007. I was warned about the construction and the noise but chose to stay there anyway because of the location. The stay was very nice we had no problems with the construction noise. We were on the 10th floor in the Derby Tower. I was traveling with my 21 year old granddaughter and her friend. I would stay there again if I go to Vegas.	
Apr 30 2007 	Don't Stay at the Jockey Club	I found the location great, but that was about all. There is 24/7 consturction for the neighboring Cosmopolitan Hotel next door going on likely until 2009. Our room was ghost-booked on Expedia via the Las Vegas Tourism Bureau, so when on the first night there was continual light and construction noise the front desk could do nothing. The front desk relayed that they tell everyone who books direct about the construction, but I had no notification of such.The rooms on the Bellagio side might be ok, however our room was a cheesy 70's style room, and not one of the upgraded ones that might be nicer. There was even duct tape holding the corner of the rug, only dial-up internet access and the list goes on. The Las Vegas Tourism Bureau did not have any other rooms available so we were stuck with this nightmare. We got only a few hours of sleep every night. Whatever you do is if you stay here, go in eyes wide open!!!	
Apr 24 2007 	jockey	We stayed at the Jockey club the week of March 25, 2007 through a timeshare. I was a bit skeptical about this place based on the reviews of all the construction happening. There are two towers which are the Ascot Tower (closer to Las Vegas Blvd.) and the Derby Tower which is west of the Ascot Tower. They are connected by a hallway on the 2nd floor. You check in on the first floor and if you have a room in the Derby tower you have to take an elevator to go to the second floor and then walk through the hallway. Along the hallway in the second floor you cross the pool and fitness area on the west side. The only problem is if you have children in strollers as I did, it was not good going up the stairs after you pass the pool area to go to the elevators on the Derby tower.A few days before (knowing there was noise), I called and requested a room in the upper floor to avoid the noise. To my surprise Yvonne placed us in the Derby tower Room 952 facing the Bellagio side. I thought we're lucky to have a nice view and hopefully no noise! Wrong! Around 8:30 pm. (the time my two boys ages 2 and 1 were already asleep) construction workers started the construction in the parking lot area. It was OK but at times rather loud even on the 9th floor. Then the next morning around 10 o'clock they started working on the condo next door. They took everything out (kitchen cabinets, rug...) and that was noisy so we just left for the day. I guess this place is owned by private owners as well so they were doing some upgrading.Location was great! You can just walk down the strip. It was nice to have a kitchen area. They have valet parking only. They have DSL service on the first floor of every tower. You can visit the hospitality room and have some free popcorn, coffee, two free movie rentals and board games to check out. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I have no complaints besides the noise factor. I guess it's unavoidable!?@ They are doing construction on the North side (parking lot), South Side (whole new hotel I think it's Trump Towers) and across at the Aladdin. Overall, it was great even with the noise.	
Apr 22 2007 	Birthday Party for my 40th Birthday was terrific!	Booked several penthouse suites at the Jockey Club for my family, for a reunion and my 40th Birthday Party.1) Great location, next to the Bellagio, across the Aladdin, walking to everything and no casino action, probably helped me save a bit of money.2) Spacious and comfortable and fit 6 people comfortably and we made breakfast in the morning, bought things from the grocery store downstairs. 3) Rates were great for the accomodations we received. Since the suites were privately owned, they were nicely decorated, a little bit different than the general hotel room.4) We would definitely all have to say that we would recommend this place for people that want to stay in a great place, awesome location, and people who enjoy gettting the most out of everything, who aren´t afraid of a little construction noise, and who enjoy life to the fullest and getting a great place on the strip.	
Apr 21 2007	What a great place to stay	What a great place to stay. The facility was very clean. The location is so super. It is in the &quot;heart&quot; of Las Vegas. We were highly impressed with the friendly staff, the excellent room, and the whole facility. Lew Hollinger, Ohio	
Apr 10 2007 	Not Great Not Horrible	I recently stayed at the Jockey Club (March 30-April 4) with 4 girlfriends - our annual &quot;Ladies Trip To The Desert&quot;. We have previously stayed at other timeshares off the strip, as well as the Stratosphere, and this year decided to be a little &quot;closer&quot; to the action and hustle of the Las Vegas Strip. But it sits back off the street and has a narrow driveway leading up to it. Even the signage is difficult to see from the strip and is easy to miss. There is a fenced sidewalk for those walking, I guess so you don't walk on the driveway and run the risk of getting run over. There is a shuttle bus, and I do not know if it goes anywhere besides the Aladdin. Every time we asked for a ride, we were told the bus only goes to the Aladdin (which is across the street, and under construction itselft to become a Planet Hollywood).  The Jockey consists of 2 buildings connected by a center passageway. They have a pool, exercise room, hot tub, and even free computers (when checking email is a must). We stayed in the 2nd building farthest from the street, and although on the 8th floor, it was difficult to see the Bellagio water show that others have commented on. Parking is valet only, and the valet post is at the first building - meaning you have to get out and walk up a hill to the 2nd building. Not so great when in heels and your feet are throbing! Overall, the room was decent. For 5 women, we were each able to carve out a little space for luggage and things. We did venture to a Super Wal-Mart to purchase food for cooking - gotta save money whenever possible. We are not big on staying in a room all day, as we like to hang out, gamble, and shop (not in that order), so overall we were pleased with the overall appearance of the room.We did read from previous posts that there was construction on one side, so we were sure to ask for a room on the Bellagio side. What we were not informed of is that there is construction going on within the hotel, and they were renovating the room directly above us. Not a problem, except they started working at 7:30 in the morning. This occured twice, and although we complained, nothing was done. I am sure they were not sold out, so why they would give us a room below one that is under construction is beyond me. It literally sounded like the ceiling was going to cave in on top of us - that's how loud they were. We were miserable and pissed - not a good combination for 5 women trying to vacation. We like the kitchen aspect and are looking to stay at another time share property on the strip for next year that also has a kitchen, but will not be staying at the Jockey again.	
Mar 28 2007 	Acceptable but won't stay again	I'll start with my demographics. I'm 25, drive an Audi, and I am self-employed. I live in San Diego.My stay at Jockey Club was for a bachelor party. The bachelorette party stayed at Signature at MGM, which is what I base my opinion of Jockey Club on.AREA: To start, Jockey club is about 100 yards off the strip, directly south of Bellagio. The drive way into the place is hard to deal with. 2 cab drivers told us they didn't know if they could get there, and 2 others told us they didn't even know where it was. One driver offered to drop us at Bellagio, which is about a 300 yard walk to Jockey Club.HOTEL/LOBBY: The lobby is in one tower and our room was in another. Navigating from the lobby to our room was challenging even with a map. Valet service was decent, and I found nothing wrong with my car after a weekend. ROOM: The room was acceptably large, had an old fridge, stove, cupboards, etc. There were a few holes in the carpet and some stains, but not too bad. There was an L shaped couch in the living area, which was large enough to sleep 2 if necessary. The room was completely free of smoke smell which was probably the most appealing part of it. It also had a huge walk-in closet which could come in handy for a longer stay, or for sleeping another 2 people (I'm talking to the college party people).Our room on the 9th floor was one that looked over the Bellagio fountains, but there are trees blocking most of the show from that vantage point. The fountains actually reached higher than our room at some points, which was pretty cool. Otherwise, the view was nothing special.BATHROOM: The shower had very little pressure and a slightly grimmy tub. The non-slip strips were coming unglued, but thats not a biggie. OVERALL====================PROS: Big room, big closet, large couch. Nice to have a fridge. Would be good for college party people with large groups (there were even extra blankets and pillows in the closet). Comfy couch for sleeping (not sure if it was pull out).CONS: Akwardly located and positioned, lobby is miles from some rooms. Small TV. A/C was loud. Not even CLOSE to as nice as Signature at MGM.CONCLUSION: If you are considering staying at Jockey Club, really, look into Signature at MGM first. We could have stayed at either place for the same price (about $200 a night), but we chose wrong. I will likely stay at Signature every time I visit Vegas...its that nice!	
Mar 17 2007	Great place to stay!	I exchanged my timeshare to stay at the Jockey Club. I was not disapointed in any way. The one bedrooms are huge and clean. The staff is helpful and quick with any request and you can't beat the location. I will stay there again!Juliana - Miami FL	
Mar 11 2007	No Problems Here Plus a Real Bargain!	After reading all the caveats, I was nervous about booking the Jockey Club. But the prices or the availability of rooms right in the heart of the strip led me to take the chance. I certainly was glad I did! The company was running a special of $216 for Saturday, Sunday, and Monday nights--TOTAL!!! Now folks, that was going to be the cost of one night at the neighbors, if you could get the days you wanted.Yes, there is construction going on right next door, and our view looking down was a very interesting major hole the size of my little home town. We were on the sixth floor facing the construction. To our surprise, though, the construction was closed for the weekend. They started up late Sunday evening, but the noise was minimal. I am a light sleeper and it certainly didn't bother me. With a little white noise from the air conditioner, I slept like a baby. And the view? Well, at night laying in the bed, our view was that gorgeous Vegas neon! MGM Grand green, Polo Towers purple, and all the reds and yellows down on the street. It was beautiful!True, the entrance to the Jockey Club is not all fancied up right now. But the walkway to the entrance from the street is easy to find, fenced off from the drive, clean, and very, very well lit at night. There is a shuttle stop right at the end of the walk.True, the regular units are not over-large. We had a king-size bed with double doors to close it off from the living room/kitchen, unit 624 in the Ascot tower. The furnishings were all clean and very well-maintained. The carpet was quite clean and not at all worn. The kitchen had everything you expect, and the lovely dining area was set and ready for a meal. We like very much to fix our own coffee and a little breakfast, and to have snacks or light meals in the room instead of having to eat out every time we get a little hungry. This was perfect. Granted, the unit wasn't huge, but it certainly suited our needs. If you had a couple of kids with you, sleeping on the sleeper sofa, I think there would still be enough space that it would be okay--two TV's, games and movies available in the hospitality room, and so on. A nice service the JC offers is a shuttle from there across the street to the Aladdin taxi station. Instead of calling a taxi when we went to dinner/show, we took the shuttle and got a taxi from there. Same for the airport, only we took an airport shuttle from there instead of a taxi. Now, the Aladdin is just across the street, but believe me, you don't want to be wagging your luggage through 4 or 6 lanes of traffic, :-). We were always able to get the shuttle within a few minutes, and the folks working that area were very helpful. Yes, we could have called a taxi to come to the JC, but it would have taken at least 30 minutes, and it was really easy to take the shuttle across the street.The mini-mart downstairs was just that--a mini-mart. The prices were higher than you would find in a regular grocery, but come on, what do you expect? If you are staying a week, there is a grocery shuttle. Everything we bought was current, and Lupe at the check-out was a font of information. The bed was scrumptious! I have stayed in some very high-end places that didn't have a bed half a comfy. And it must be nearly new.If you have to have a casino within a minute of your room, this is not the place for you. The closest good-ole-boy casino is the Barbary Coast on the corner of the block. Of course the Bellagio is right next door, but it isn't one of those quickie drop a few coins in the slots kind of place. (By the way, the Barbary Coast has $5 craps tables during the daytime.)Real Plus: Non-smoking building; fantastic pillow-top bed and nice linens; lots of towels; walk-in closet; very helpful and friendly staff; computer/printer access; public areas clean and well-maintained; fast elevators; no casino to schlep your bags through; very private feeling; good central climate control system; responsive house-keeping staff; did I mention NON-SMOKING building; spang dab in the middle of the strip, right next to the Bellagio. Real Minus: I've got to say it, the bathroom vanity is just too small; no view from the living room, only the bedroom; I can't think of any others.Would I stay there again--in a heartbeat!	
Feb 24 2007	Love the location	We just spent a week at the Jockey Club. We knew to ask for the Bellagio side and the higher the floor number the better. We loved the location. We do not travel with a car so weren't bothered by the lack of parking at this moment. Shuttles will come into the Jockey Club but taxis will not. They can drop you off next door at the Bellagio if you request. Due to the amount of construction around the building one has to expect that these things are a nuisance but not the fault of the Jockey Club. I would definately stay there again just for the location and the one bedroom was great.	
Feb 8 2007 	Excellent!	Just wanted to thank you so much for the use of your penthouse this weekend. The apartment and location were absolutely incredible. We could have not asked for better. And the size of the apartment was ideal for our group. We loved having the kitchen and areas to sit around in, which was much better than having to purchase a few different hotel rooms. We left the apartment in good shape, so hopefully there will be no problems with the deposit. Please let me know if you have any concerns. But thank you again, it was my first time in Vegas and this apartment made the entire trip a great success. Next time I head out there with a big group, I will definitly be in touch.	
Feb 6 2007	Great view!	We were skeptical because of some of the reviews, but we had a 1 bedroom unit on the 9th floor with a great view of the Bellagio fountains and the rest of the Vegas strip and the mountains on that side of the hotel. From our room, we almost never heard construction, and if we did it didn't bother us much, and we had an excellent stay! The staff were friendly and helpful and the room was clean and comfortable. From our room, we could watch the fountain ballet, and if we opened the window, we could hear the music as well! The pool was warm and open 24 hours as was the fitness area. The Jockey Club was in a great location near everything including the bus that got us to attractions it wasn't near. It was 1 block to Walgreens and CVS, so we didn't buy anything in the mini-mart in the building (which had higher prices). It was also only a couple of blocks to the places with half price show tickets - Half Price Tickets and Tickets2nite. We would definitely stay at the Jockey Club again!	
Jan 20 2007 	Great location - no hassle checkout	We phoned 2 days before we arrived and made sure to tell them we were arriving late. We got there with one minor problem - we had to wait a long time for a cab at the airport because it was close to midnight on a Sunday. There were no problems for check-in. We were hoping for a suite on the Bellagio side, but we were facing the construction. We did make our reservations 6 months ahead of time so that was disappointing. We did have a baby with us so we knew we would be up a lot anyways. The construction wasn't as bad as people here make it out to be. We were on the 6th floor. There was only 2 times during the whole week where we could hear the noise of trucks backing up. The price was great, we were in Vegas for a week. We were there the week of CES. We had a hotel for less than $100 a night for a suite with 2 TVs, a fridge, and a king size bed. The location is unmatched - we would get to the Bellagio or the Aladdin in 5 minutes. We watched the fountains a few times. The computers downstairs were a bonus, I would have spent $20 for the week on using them anywhere else.The last day we weren't leaving until midnight. So, we asked for a place to store luggage or something we could stay in during the day. The staff were great and set us up with a nice bachelor suite for the day, it was needed because of our baby.Overall, the place was nice. We would go back there. The outside construction should be done by next year I would think. Once they are working on the inside of the place next door it should be great. The price can't be beat during the week of CES.	
Jan 19 2007 	Beware	If you are trading a 5 star timeshare for a week at the Jockey Club beware. This is just a hotel room with a kitchen and bedroom...what I would consider a Jr Suite at most hotels.We traded a Westgate 3 bedroom for a 1 bedroom (they claimed it was all they had).  Although the hotel claims it is non smoking the smell of smoke is all over. They do construction 21 hours a day right outside your bedroom window. Taxi's refuse to come thereWe ran out of toilet paper and had to call 3 times to get more	
Jan 5 2007 	maybe in 2009?	I would advise people to stay away from Jockey Club until 2009 when the construction is supposed to be over, that is IF you want to sleep or hear each other speak. We were there for New years from Friday- Wednesday morning. Good thing the construction workers had New years eve off and we could catch a few winks. The beds are bouncing off the floor with all the Jack-hammering ,drilling, trucks, lights, and banging right below the building. The taxi cab situation there is really sad because no one wants to go there. We used the Bus or walked to Bellagio for a cab.The mini store is kind of dirty with way overpriced, old merchadise. The rooms are &quot;ok&quot; . Alittle outdated ...certainly not a beautiful place. The staff seemed nice.  Did not take any photos of the place....who would want to?	
Dec 4 2006 	Beware of Jockey Club	They tell you about the construction and you would think it was at their timeshare. No way, it's 360 degrees around the entire building and it goes 7 days a week, 24 hours a day. Also note we had trouble getting taxis to come to the Jockey Club starting with our first trip from the airport. We fled to another hotel after only 3 nites and np sleepo. Beware.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Dec 2 2006	DON'T BOTHER	If you want a quiet room in Vegas, do not use the Jockey Club. We booked the room and were never told about the construction. When we arrived in Vegas and told the cab driver where we wanted to go, he informed us that we would NEVER get a cab to go to the Jockey Club due to limited access because of construction. He finally took us there. We were given a decent room; however, there is construction going on all around the hotel 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. A sign at the front desk informed us that we could request complimentary earplugs! We tried it, and gave up. We ended up moving to the Tropicana, and were not given a refund. The Jockey Club is set back quite a ways off the strip and if you want a cab, you'll be walking to the Bellagio or the Alladin. Do not ruin your vacation, stay far away from the Jockey Club!	
Nov 17 2006 	Incomparable view and super comfortable suite!	We are timeshare owners with Interval International Exchange and we traded our beachfront Florida unit for a week, November 7-14, 2006, at the Las Vegas Jockey Club. We knew to request a one bedroom suite on the Bellagio side and had to wait a few extra hours to move in, but - my-oh-my - we had a view from the 10th floor that was AMAZING!! We could watch the Bellagio fountain shows, and even hear the music, as often as we wanted! We also could see the Eiffel Tower at the Paris Hotel from our comfy king-sized bed each night! The full kitchen was equipped with everything you could possibly want and there was a dining table already set when we arrived!There were two large TV's, 2 DVD players, a nice stereo system, great climate control, a nice bathroom with tub/shower and everything was kept in spotless condition. Maid service was available every day. We were so very comfortable and enjoyed every minute of our week's stay! We could walk to just about everything on the strip (and we did!) We even walked one morning down to the famous 'Welcome to Las Vegas' sign south of the Mandalay Bay Resort. Or we could catch the bus at a stop right at the entrance to the Jockey Club. The staff was very friendly and helpful and we were not bothered by the construction noise from the massive mega-projects - Cosmopolitan and City center - being built to the south and west as we were in the front (Ascot) tower facing north and on the second to highest floor. We loved our oasis from the hustle and bustle on the Vegas strip and would highly recommend a stay at the Jockey Club. In fact, we liked it SO MUCH that we are currently negotiating to purchase a week of timeshare from a private owner. This is DEEDED property right in the heart of the Las Vegas strip on Las Vegas Blvd. Sounds great to us!	
Nov 15 2006 	Location Location Location	My family and I went to the Jockey Club to meet a business associate, and spend a little time in the big city. The Jockey Club is not a Hotel/Casino, but a timeshare that has some rooms available to rent for non-timeshare owners, too. We were not aware at first, but after standing behind another guest at check in, we realized there are about 30 or so units in the Jockey Club that are separately owned and rented by the Tourist Bureau which are not a part of the Jockey Club Timeshare Condos. From what I heard from another guest, these rooms should not be your first choice, and are giving the Jockey Club Timeshare Condos a bad rap. These 30 or so units that aren’t a part of the timeshare condos are not furnished as well as the timeshare condos, are not kept up to date as far as mattresses, are not as clean, and the curtains in these rooms are also ripped. Now, when it comes to the Jockey Club Timeshare Condos they were fabulous, and even though that guest checking in was for the 30 or so units operated by the Tourist Bureau, the Jockey Club Timeshare Condos staff handled that guest with concern and integrity just like one of their guests checking into a timeshare condo. There is construction going on inside and outside of the Jockey Club, but from what I could tell, there is also construction going on all over Las Vegas. The great thing about this construction is, when it’s finished, I heard from other guests the Jockey Club Timeshare Condos will have a luxury hotel and casino right next door (opposite side of the Bellagio which is on the other side of the Jockey Club) where Jockey Club guests can access this new hotel from the Jockey Club.The noise from the construction wasn’t too bad. The fact that we had a very roomy condo with a full kitchen, stocked with utensils, pots pans, a living room, DVD player, separate bedroom with a comfortable mattress, a great view of the Strip, made it well worth it. Plus, the room was spotless and the cleaning crew was one of the best in cleaning our room every day. My kids had a great time at the pool, and I looked at the weight/workout room, and think I even lost a pound or two. We were right on the Strip, within walking distance to all the great casinos, and the Fountain Show at the Bellagio right next door was a huge hit. I would imagine if we had a room on that side, we could’ve watched it from the couch. Breakfast across the street at Paris was awesome.All in all, we would go back in a heartbeat, and enjoyed ourselves very much. The location of this resort is exceptional. If you’re going to stay in Vegas, this is the best of both worlds. You get a condominium right there in the middle of the strip, and can get to your favorite casino with no trouble or time. When the construction is finished, the new Casino and shops, right next door, will be where we spend the day, and the Jockey Club Timeshare Condos, not the 30 Tourist Bureau Condos, will be where we spend the nights.	
Nov 14 2006 	Surprisingly good experience	After reading all the horror stories about bad units and noise, I was very worried about our week (Nov 5-12) at the Jockey Club. Well, nothing could be more opposite. My wife and I had a great stay. The one bedroom, one bath condo on the 10th floor of the Derby building was excellent. Now I must say that I requested, having read the reviews, the Bellagio side of the Jockey Club, and got it. We could see the fountains every half hour. The unit was clean, modern, equipped with 2 25 inch tv's, 2 dvd players, stereo, and free dvd's (2 a night from their library downstairs). The kitchen was all that was needed and more, since we never used the stove or oven. But the coffee maker, fridge, microwave and toaster were well used. The table was set for two on arrival. The bedroom had a kingsized bed with comfortable mattress, walk in closet, and immaculate bathroom. I read that the elevators were slow, not the case. There was daily maid service, and clean towels each day. The staff were friendly and helpful. Now I must add that while I was checking in there were two ladies who said their 2 bedroom was unacceptable (they were told they were the Expedia rooms), but later on I met them again and they said they were moved to a unit that they were happy with. The construction is ongoing, they were just starting to pour concrete on one part and still digging on another side. I was told by a regular that a month ago it was noisier. But from this point on, it shouldn't be too noisy even on the other side of the buildings. The construction is on the side where the parking used to be. But the valet service was terrific, prompt, friendly and courteous, like being at one of the large Vegas hotels. I've been to Vegas at least 10 times in the last 15 years, and this is the most construction that I can recall. Everyone is expanding. It's amazing how it seems to never stop. But don't get me wrong, it doesn't hinder the action. I would definitely go to the Jockey Club again. It beats staying in a hotel room, and is centrally located, steps away from the Bellagio.	
Oct 28 2006 	Wonderful Gorgeous Suites in an awesome location!	We stayed at the JC in a private rental for 4 nights with my boyfriend, and several other friends from San Francisco and we loved it. The security staff was friendly, courteous and professional and the people working there were nice and accomodating. We also booked another room in the same place that wasn't privately owned and we loved it as well. Great location, huge suites, and we had such a wonderful time. Construction wasn't a big deal, considering that we were going to stay at the MGM and they have construction going on as well, and so do like half the resorts in Vegas, so if you're going to Vegas most likely it will be around. Eventually though there wont be much to build on and it will be ever more amazing. Over all we loved it so much and would come back again and again.	
Oct 28 2006 	Acceptable for the price	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Jockey Club over the first weekend of October 2006. The first thing to understand is that it isn't really a hotel, but a condominium/timeshare complex that has some rooms available on a rental basis. Also understand that construction is currently an issue, both inside the hotel and directly (within a few feet) on the south side of the hotel.We booked a king size smoking suite. When we checked in, we were given a south facing suite with twin beds on the 7th floor of the west tower (and apparently non-smoking - more on that later). We called the front desk, who said that the &quot;hotel&quot; rooms were managed by a different company, and referred us to an external phone number. They were helpful in that they had another room on the 8th floor, but unfortunately not on the north side.It wasn't a traditional king sized bed - it was a round bed, with a tacky light fixture above, and mirrors on the surrounding walls and ceiling. Interesting, to say the least...During our stay, the construction noise wasn't too bad, but I suspect we were just lucky. I could see how it could be real bad (on the south side).It was a suite, with a full kitchen, with utensils, coffee maker, dishes, pots, and pans, full size fridge, separate bedroom, and one and half baths - more like an apartment than a hotel room. It was &quot;sort-of&quot; updated, the furniture and carpet were new, but most of the fixtures were out of date. It was spiffed up, but didn't give any sort of feel of luxury. The suite was quite spacious. But clearly, the building is quite old, and it shows in many places.When we first entered the room, it didn't have ashtrays out, as a typical &quot;smoking&quot; room would, but there were two ashtrays in the kitchen cabinets. I suspect every room is smoking, or non-smoking, depending on the reservation...For the price, the place was acceptable. The location is unbeatable at that price - kinda like a cheap extension to the Bellagio. Maid service appeared limited to fresh towels (which, frankly, was fine with us).Parking is quite limited, and therefore, valet only. Even then, the lot can fill up, and if returning in the wee hours, you might get redirected to park in the lot behind the Aladdin, a few blocks away, as happened to us one evening (ok, so it was early morning!).It does have a pool, overlooking the construction. Most of the guests appeared to be retirees. We didn't spend any time at the pool.To summarize, the only upsides are: the amount of space, full kitchen, location, and price. The downsides are: potential for construction noise, hit or miss interiors, limited parking, and lack of typical hotel services (restaurant, bar, room service, etc.), and the general run-down condition of the building (though updating is currently taking place).	
Oct 20 2006	Great if on Bellagio side Really Bad if on construction side	My wife and I stayed at the hotel for a week through time share exchange. We also had our 1 year old boy and had relatives stay over for a few days. First two days, our two-bedroom suite (5 th or 6th) was facing the construction. I am used to sleeping in the moving car and other noises but this experience confirmed that I am not immune to noise. I could not go to sleep the entire night. My pregnant wife and our one year old were worst off. On the second day, I told the front desk of the noise/sleep situation, and on third day got another two-bedroom facing Bellagio closer to the Strip. After the room change, everything was great, I did not hear any construction noise. All the inconvenice with valet and construction road was small issues compared to being close to Bellagio and other experiences. Very often I took my boy to Bellagio to play with water fountains in minature garden section (do not remember the name). When our relatives showed up to stay for a few days, they thought the place was quiet and very convenient.Stay on Bellagio side!!!!	
Oct 15 2006 	Do NOT Ever Go There!	When we booked the rooms in the resort the expedia website said that there was a construction work going on, but it was scheduled to finish 2 weeks before our arrival time, so we booked. Big mistake! A HUGE construction noise was continous throughout the entire night right under our window, we had a very hard time getting sleep at all. The &quot;view&quot; was the construction which was obviously going on for a while and not even close to the finish.When we complained was told that since we booked through expedia there is nothing the hotel can do for us, saying &quot;we cant mess with expedia's rooms&quot;. We did not get an other room. So, at least we figured out why the good price... The room was dirty, the mattress cheap and uncomfortable. The pillows bulky and very overused. We have asked for a non-smoking room and was assured that we are getting one, but the entire room reeked of smoking, the mattress was the worst. When we complained we got the standard, sorry, nothing we can do... The bathroom was old and VERY small, the bathtub ugly and missing the plug, so we had to plug it with a towel to have our daughter take a bath after cleaning it ourself...The blinds did not cover the windows, there is no curtain, so the room was very well lit all night adding to the misery of the construction...This resort is old, smells bed, the stuff is unprofessional, unhelpful and unfriendly. The pool is small and uninviting. The inside is old and ugly and we had to go thrugh a long hallway and several elevators to get to our rooms because of the construction.All in all, this hotel is the worst nightmare of someone who wants a relaxing, fun vacation. Do not ever go there. Better off finding a middle priced hotel off the strip - it can not get worst than this one, trust me...	
Oct 8 2006 	do not stay here!!!!!	This hotel could quite possibly be the worst hotel I have EVER stayed in! It is filthy and old, the staff are rude and unprofessional. First of all our rooms keys never worked, we were told we could call security each and every time we wanted to get back into our room so they could open the door for us. Most of the blinds on the window in the bedroom were broken allowing (to our horror,) the brightest light you've ever seen at 2:00 in the morning from the construction going on right outside our window. We were then told what every traveler likes to hear at 2am, there's nothing we can do. They are what they like to call a hotel in a hotel. That means that they have no resposibilty to you as the guest what's so ever and your left thinking then who does? After complaining alot to get another room, it was even more filthy and old and (to our horror,) under that window at 4:30am they were picking up the trash and delivering hotel goods. The carpet was so old that the tack strip nails poked our feet as we walked through the room. I almost fell in the shower when the support bar on the shower wall fell off in my hands. Then when we tryed to leave the valet lost our car keys. Save yourself alot of aggravation and NEVER EVER think of staying in this hotel, that should have been torned down with the Glass Pool Inn.	
Sep 29 2006	Great place to stay!	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Jockey Club for a week with two friends of ours at the end of August. We were constantly in and out of the hotel, using the valet, talking to the staff, listening to other guests, etc., so we felt that we really got to see all sides of the hotel. Our room was kept extremely clean and organized by housekeeping (we had a great view of the Bellagio). We never saw any bugs or anything that you would find unsettling anywhere on the property, day or night. The hotel staff kept the place extremely clean with vacuuming, polishing, etc., every day. Yes there was construction going on, but that was during the day. The hotel had computer stations in the lobby available for guests, as well as wireless internet. All in all it was a clean hotel, with a nice decor, and a very helpful and attentive staff. We look forward to coming back in the future.	
Sep 23 2006 	The Best for price spacious rooms and wow the view!	We booked several months ago with all the info as to construction and age issues but knew it would be something we could afford and appreciate the location.It was by far the best place around for almost every reason!Large suites, very nice staff (they even washed our dishes in our dishwasher every day too).Anyone on the non-construction side will not hear almost any noise from it and they will be amazed at one of the best views in Vegas with the bellagio fountains, Paris and seeing the many other hotels being able to look right up the strip, If I ever go back it must be at the Jockey again it deffinately added an extra touch to our stay and made us feel extra special without the single room 2 bed typical hotels here.Thanks Jockey, the 4 Canadians in 928 miss you already!	
Sep 17 2006 	Booked Privately Owned Suite and Loved it!	Booked the privately owned penthouse suite for my family and I and we loved it. We were coming from Florida and the place was wonderful, spacious, huge kitchen, great location, beautiful furniture, and a great price for the value. I highly recommend it. I notice many people talking about the construction, but the construction going on next door, is also going on in most major hotels on the strip so it´s not something that you really get away from and my kids loved seeing the trucks and machinery, they thought it was interesting. We were able to walk everywhere and have Brunch at the Bellagio next door and go swimming in the lovely pool. I would definitely book the privately owned suites here and recommend it.	
Aug 29 2006 	Loved It!	We too were concerned about the construction. The staff was very conscience of the construction and placed us in a place where we never heard a sound! We chose to go on the free grocery run and stocked up so we could eat breakfast and lunch in our room! The rooms were lovely and well appointed. As stated in previous review the pook area was the place where the construction noise was at its worst. Had been told that they did not have wireless but if you ventured to the second floor corridor or closer to the lobby you were able to pick up wireless and surf at your leasure! Loved it, would definitely go back!	
Aug 17 2006	inside its ok	We had read the trip advisor reviews about the Jockey Club before we went and were very concerned about the reported building work going on. We had decided before we got there that if it lived up to its reports we would check out and pay to go in one of the strip hotels. However, when we arrived we asked to be put on the side of the hotel away from the noise. We ended up with a huge suite overlooking the Bellagio on the 9th floor. We went to bed late and got up early. We had ear plugs ready anyway, asmy husband is a snorer! so I can honestly say in the week we were there we weren't affected by noise in our room. It was a different matter by the pool. Luckily it wasn't a sunbathing holiday for us and we had little time for pool relaxation, but the time we did sit by the pool was an experience not one to be repeated. If you have an Ipod and can listen to some music you will be ok, the pool is clean and refreshing and there are comfotable beds to lie on, mostly empty because of the noise. Overcrowding wouldn't ever be a problem here! The suite was exceptional, if we wanted to we could have cooked a 3 course dinner for ourselves every night. The kitchen was very well equipped. The dining room table already set when we arrived. It was so welcoming. We had clean towels and maid service every day as we wanted. You can leave a Do not disturb sign out if you don't want the housekeeper coming in. The comfort in the room was like home, lovely plump sofa, big TV in bedroom and lounge, sound system, although we didn't have time to bother. The bed was so big and comfy, good pillows, alarm clock, walk in wadrobe, fab bathroom with new soaps, shampoos, conditioner everday. A wonderful view over the Bellagio fountains and the Eiffel Tower at Hotel Paris. The staff were friendly, as were the other guests. Everyone seemed determined to respect everyone elses space, maybe because of the chaos outside! the bellhops and valets were great guys especially. If you want a taxi you need to walk around to the Bellagio, takes 3 mins to get there. There is a little shop in the club, adequate for essentials. Although if you hire a car and plan to drive out of town anywhere I'd advise getting a decent map from somewhere else other than the shop on sight. The club is in a great position for walking to most of the strip hotels. Circus Circus was a little too far in the heat, but we walked regularly down to the Venetian and Mirage. 15-20 min walk. On the other side we walked to Mandalay Bay, Luxor and that group. Again no more than 15-20 min brisk walk. If possible, I'd advise walking, as a foreigner you get so much atmosphere from being on the street. Its crowded( in August ) and noisy, but people were polite and queued and we loved the sights and smells. Some hotels even pump fragrance out ! Back to the Jockey Club, if you can forget the outside, interior corridors and make sure you get a room facing the Bellagio then its a perfect place to stay. Comfort, clean, space and good service. We'd go back again.	
Aug 3 2006	never again	Although the rooms were clean and comfortable the 24 hour construction was hell. Thank God we didn't bring our children with us, they wouldn't have slept at all. The constant jackhammering surrounded us wherever we went. The noise was in our unit, the pool, the gym and the sauna. We just couldn't escape it. The worst of the noise was only put on hold between 1:00a.m. and 6:00a.m. I don't think any other hotel on the strip would subject their guests to this type of noise and inconvenience. As a result I would never revisit The Jockey Club again. It would be worth spending an extra hundred dollars per night to stay at the Paris.	
Aug 1 2006	Bad	This place was ghetto.The clientel were scary and the constant construction was HORRIBLE. Never again.	
Jul 29 2006 	WARNING: Jockey Club nightmare rooms and service!	The Jockey Club vacation from hell starts something like this, two couples, my wife and I, and my brother-in-law, and his new wife. We booked 2 rooms, both with king sized beds for four nights stay. Expedia.com never told us when we were booking our &quot;happy vacation&quot; that a HUGE recking crew were working right next to their hotel, when I say next to, I mean one-to-two feet from everyones room on left side of this so called &quot;4-star&quot; retreat turned out to be a complete dump! We were told by the doorman that it would go on 24/7, and that we could get ear plugs from the front desk so that mabey we could sleep!!! Never stopped all night long! The HUGE machine that jack-hammers the concrete/rock dirt was soo loud inside both of our rooms you could hardly hear each other speak, the bell man broke our wedding liquor that I specifically told him had breakable glass inside before he loaded it up, that damaged some of our things inside. Then we noticed after kicking off our shoes that the entire rooms carpets were soaking wet, like they were cleaned with shampoo, and not extracted completely! That was in BOTH of our rooms, the appliances looked to be 25 years old or so to us, the room had 2 queens instead of one king size bed as booked, the door between the living room and bedroom was falling apart, and broken down. The comforter in my brother-in-laws bed had a huge blood stain in the center of the bed, and the linens looked as old as the appliances, 25-30 years old to us. Dirty rooms that were worse than a hotel you rent by the hour, gross! The manager named yvonne kenner was rude when I asked for a refund of damaded goods, and liquor. She sarcastically told me to go buy everything damaged, and bring reciept back to her for refund. When I told her I did not know where I could buy everything she told me that I guess I was S.O.L. (S-IT OUT OF LUCK)She disputed one peice of luggage that was saturated with alcohol, and some gloves that were expensive leather saying that the stench of booze would not bother her at all, and that I was being to picky in front of other people waiting in line to check in. She is unprofessional and rude! After battling with expedia on the phone for almost 2 hours we were moved to the hilton, which IS TOTALLY OPPOSITE of The Jockey JOKE!!! WARNING: DO NOT GO HERE...sorry, no photos included.	
Jul 26 2006 	Construction everywhere	We stayed here before and gave it a great review. Our experience this time was not so great. We had construction right outside of our window and we asked for four days to get moved to a room facing north (no construction) and we finally got moved on our last night there. Great view (Bellagio fountains, Paris, etc.) but we awoke at 7:30 a.m. to construction right above our suite!! Sounded like jack hammers on the floor directly above our bed! The front desk was jaded from all the complaints, but there was one person, Blanca, who was sympathetic and was the one who moved us to the other room. She must not have known about the construction right above our suite. When we checked out early, the front desk seemed surprised. This place is a good place to stay because of its location, and the rooms are clean and the staff is nice, but due to construction projected for the next few years, we probably won't stay there again for a long while. If you don't mind the constant sound of construction, by all means stay there. If you value your sleep, avoid it for a few years.	
Jun 29 2006	A good budget hotel	We were in Vegas for 4 days from May 19-22 2006. It was for a bachelorette party. I didn't do the organizing for this trip, so I wasn't too sure what we were getting into. We got to Vegas around 4pm and took a limo to the Jockey Club. It looks like a very small hotel, compared to the rest of the hotels on the strip. Front desk staff were okay, but could have been a little nicer. The lobby area was basic, but I was expecting that. Once we got up to our room, it was huge! Wasn't expecting a full kitchen, a full living room, 2 tv's and 2 big beds. We were very pleasantly surprised with all of that. Went into a friends room and the Alladdin and it was so much smaller than ours...and I'm sure they paid a lot more. We were on the 10th floor (I think that was the top) and our view was of the Monte Carlo and the big construction site that is going on between the Jockey Club and the Monte Carlo. The construction didn't really bother us as we weren't in the room very often. We went down to the pool area one morning to catch some sun.....however the hotel was covering all of the sun from pool area, so we didn't want to lay in the shade. Went for a walk down the strip insread. This was my first time in Vegas and next time I would stay at a bigger hotel.....not that there was anything wrong with this one, I would just prefer something a little more luxurious. Jockey Club is great if you are on a budget and just want somewhere to stay in Vegas. Enjoy!	
Jun 16 2006	Great place to stay	Great palce to stay.Even though it was a lot of construction happening, it was still the best place to stay at a fantastic price and close to the strip. The staff were friendly and helpful.	
Jun 7 2006	What an incredible place to stay best location on the strip!	My mother and I stayed at the Jockey Club in one of their towers and we absolutely loved it. Our two bedroom suite was so nice and large. We had an amazing time, and we had lots of family visit us from other hotels on the strip, and they said that our hotel had the nicest feels and the best room. We had beautiful art in our suite, great beds, and great cleaning service. I read about other people complaining about construction and although it´s there, construction is everywhere you look in Las Vegas and we thought that it was cool to see it being built in front of our eyes. So no complaints about the construction from us, we enjoyed it. We enjoyed our luxury suite and what the Jockey Club had to offer.We´ll definitely be back in a few months.	
May 22 2006	Construction annoyances	The Jockey Club is pretty much an &quot;island&quot; with a construction &quot;moat&quot; around it. All we could hear was the beeping of the trucks backing up - ALL NIGHT - and pounding and jack hammering. IT SUCKED! One wold think the construction guys would take the weekend off - and allow us a little sleep - but they didn't. The front desk personnel was either very grumpy or very crabby. Thank goodness, though, for the employees in the golf carts who drove us through the construction zone so we could get to the street. NEVER AGAIN WILL I STAY HERE (construction projected until 2009).	
May 18 2006	Mixed feelings about this place.	Booked our stay through Expedia. Couldn't beat the price, and the place was nextdoor to the Bellagio where my daughter was staying and getting married. The place was pretty much empty. Understandable as I'm sure the massive construction project going on to the south drives alot of folks away. Rented a car after arriving at the airport. Nearly impossible to find the hotel at night as the sign on top from the south was not lit. Nor was the small sign out front lit. Found the place only by the grace of God and step by step directions provided by my daughter via cell phone. Approach from the north going south and turn after the lakes of Bellagio. Drive slow and live with the honks and you'll find the little,hidden drive to the back of the place where you will drop your car off to a valet. There is no parking lot. Valet service is free and cars are parked at the Aladin. You enter the place through a makeshift rear entrance as the original enttrance on the southside is a construction zone.Our booking, though made weeks in advance found us with a room on the fith floor and facing the construction project. These guy work 24 hours! They also do not disconnect the back-up alarms on the construction equipment at night. So we had our rest punctuated throughout the night by the constant din of beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep....you get the point. The midnight shift is made up of a small crew of welders. The whole crew arrives and fires up the big stuff at 5:30 AM. Why oh why could the staff not place guests on the southern side of the complex? It was entertaining though when at another construction site next door across the road broke out the TNT to make digging easier.I could feel the spirit of dead mobsters who may have kept rooms here to enjoy their second lives away from home with their &quot;other women&quot;. Dig the seventies? You'll be right in your element in your room. Where'd they park my Gremlin? This place needs an update! STAT!The pool was acceptable. The spa was interesting when some Mexicans in their underwear joined us. We left, never to venture back. Felt like I was sitting in their washing machine. Also the all the crane booms &quot;parked&quot; around the second story outdoor pool was less then desirable to look at.On the plus side, the complimentary free computers in the lobby were sweet. Very fast connections and convieniance. I've paid up to $9.00 for 15 minutes use at other places. The little store next to the front desk offers enough products to make dining a little more affordable during your stay. The valet service was prompt,friendly and considerate. We felt safe and secure during our three day stay.Overall a more interesting experience then a horrible one. The big plus the Jo offered was price and close location to my daughter at the Bellagio. Our next visit to LV will find us staying elsewhere.	
May 17 2006	18 Hour Construction	If you're sensitive to noise don't book the Jockey Club. There's 18 hour construction next to the Jockey which will not completed for several years.The Jockey Club is also going through internal renovation.Such a shame - location is great (next to the Bellagio) and the rooms are nice.	
May 11 2006	The Jockey Club - Great location great stay!	My wife and I stayed there 5/2 - 5/9, and we loved our room. It was on the 10th floor and had a direct view of the Bellagio fountains. The room was very clean, and when we arrived the table had even been set. This is a timeshare suite, so comes with a fridge, stove and coffeemaker, with a small store downstairs to buy basic food items. The JC also arranges for a free shuttle to a local grocery store, in case you want to cook a lot of your meals in the room. The pool is small by LV standards, but was never crowded, and the gym and hot tub were both of a decent size. The hospitality suite downstairs was a crowning touch, as it had complimentary coffee (if you didn't feel like making your own, I guess), and boardgames and DVDs you could borrow for free. The location is absolutely perfect and I would really recommend this hotel for families.There was a lot of construction going on, but there is construction going on everywhere in LV. Once, we were woken up by a dumpster being loaded at six in the morning, but we were enjoying everything else so much that we just didn't care and went back to sleep. There was also a near-snafu with our reservation, as we called ahead to let them know we'd be checking in three days after our original date (but we had the room for eight days anyway), however our reservation still got placed with the &quot;no-shows&quot;. I probably should have demanded a new confirmation number instead of a &quot;no problem sir&quot;, but if that's the type of room I get for being a &quot;no-show&quot; then I might use that strategy every time!	
May 1 2006	Jockey Club---Great Stay!	Stayed for a week,had a one bedroom suite on south side where the construction is taking place,the only sound I could here was when trucks backed up beep--beep and it was not that often . The suite was VERY NICE and VERY CLEAN and ALL THE STAFF VERY HELPFULL.This suite was a timeshare. The location was on the strip, could not be any better then that, close to the action. 100% SATISFIED  Halifax N.S. Canada	
Apr 27 2006	Good value and great location	We have just returned from our vacation in Las Vegas, the Jockey Club was a great value and the location is the best. It is located right next to the Bellagio in a central spot on the strip. When we first arrived at the hotel they had us enter from a back door that was not pleasant and gave a bad first impression. However, our one bedroom suite had two beds in the bedroom and a pull out sofa. The rooms were clean and having a kitchen was a plus. The staff were great and very accomodating. I was traveling with teenage girls and found the Jockey club to be very family oriented and a safe place for them. The pool was clean and warm and the fitness room and spa were great. They also have two computers in the lobby for the guests to use with internet access and they also have wireless connection available on the 1st &amp; 2nd floors. We had room 880 in the Derby tower and we had a great view of the strip and the Bellagio Water show. The only thing that was a little annoying was the construction. It was a little difficult to sleep late because of the noise from the construction going on. The constuction is on three sides of the hotel and they started early in the morning and this continued on the weekend also. This was my 2nd stay at the Jockey Club and I would do it again.	
Apr 9 2006	Good value - We Recommend the Jockey Club	We stayed for two nights in a two-bed, 1.5 bath on the south side (facing the construction site) and had a very enjoyable stay. The Staff was friendly and responsive, although with the construction, there was some confusion when the time came to deliver the car (valet only at the Jockey Club). The area on the north side to which the cars are delivered, combined with intermittent construction traffic on the narrow access road cause some jams when getting cars and trying to exit the hotel. The location is excellent, as other reviewers have noted.The only possible downside might be that the rooms are a bit dated, but we didn't think that to be a significant issue. The rooms were clean and the place was well-kept up. There was smoking on our floor, so that could be annoying but we noticed only in the hallway, not in the room.Our room was very clean and well-lit; it could sleep eight with 3 full-size (queen?) beds and a roll-away. We'd heard horror stories from other reviewers about bad service and rooms and the noise with the construction. We couldn't identify with any of those complaints, really. From a value standpoint, at least with prices being what they were during spring break, The Jockey Club blew away everything else we looked at - no question. We had an enjoyable stay and would recommend the Jockey Club.	
Mar 4 2006 	Great on location short on class	If classy Las Vegas is what you are looking for, take a pass on the Jockey Club. But if you are looking for a great location, with clean, comfortable suites, this might be the place for you. The construction noise and dust are a huge negative, so beg to be put on the north side, preferably in the East tower. Grant at the front desk moved us on checkin to the north side, where we had a great view of Paris, and glimpses of the fountain when it was in its full glory.The unit itself was quite nice- not dated as some prior reviews have indicated. We did a trade through II for $129 for the week and felt that we got quite the bargin- left more money for Video Poker! The parking lot is totally destroyed at this point, and you have to go off property to catch a cab unless you call one for pickup. No DSL ports in the units- they have two computers in the lobby. They need to get safes in the rooms, although we had no problem with our hidden money.This property is eventually going to be totally surrounded by high rises. They are doing alot of remodeling, so it looks like they intend to be there as long as they can.	
Feb 23 2006	great great great	I just got back from a stay at the jockey club for a week. (FEB 10-17). When we pulled up I was thinking &quot;Oh-my gosh what did I get my self into&quot;. We got in andcheck in was great! Be nice itsure does help. Then right to our room. We were on the 5th floor ,and not in the derby side. Wow I feltlike I was at home. Nice kitchen, living room , eating area, bedroom and bathroom. Theserooms are not brand new but I didn't think they weredated. Right out our window we could watch the water show from the bellagio. If your room is lower, i'm not sure you could see it. Anyway there was free poopcorn and dvd's(why do you need this if your in vegas, well I'll tell you . One week in vegas is way too much) I believe that is time share will not be here long It is too small and will be torn down in a few years. Construction is right next door. It isn't easy even getting in the door.  Biggest thing Remember this is a condo NOT a resort. No big frills .  Keep an open mind. Have a great time	
Feb 15 2006	Fantastic Room	The interior room was lovely and spacious with a great view of the strip. The outside is plain and the millions walking past it probably have no idea what they are missing in their rooms. The staff was very friendly but not bothersome. This condo resort is older in age but you wouldn't know it from the well maintained condition inside. Our very comfortable visit was end of January 2006.	
Feb 4 2006	hated it	Was at the Jockey Club in late January 2006. Was placed in a room on the south side of the building. The view was terrific, but there was construction going on next door. The builders worked 24 hours a day, with heavy machinery. All night long we could clearly hear trucks and tractors, the BEEP-BEEP-BEEP of vehicles backing up, air brakes, and jack hammers. It was intolerable.If you want to stay at the Jockey Club, wait until the new Cosmopolitan going up is finished. Otherwise, bring earplugs or a sound machine.	
Jan 31 2006	Worried for Nothing	I was really worried that I was in for a nightmare when I booked a week at the Jockey Club and then discovered this website with some really bad reviews of this hotel . I even booked another hotel just in case. I was pleasantly surprised. The 2 bedroom I stayed in was a little bit dated in decor but was immaculately clean, in excellent condition and spacious. Staff were fine until I asked if they had a room with the prime Bellagio Fountain view to which they replied we cannot reserve specific rooms and I would get whatever was available which of course was the parking lot/construction site view.I was told that all rooms were renovated and there were no differences. I did see 1 room that appeared quite worn and furnished quite differently when the maid left the door open as she was cleaing it. I believe I was in a timeshare exchange room so best to specify this when you book....if you can. All in all a fantastic location, good value for the price but lacking the glitz of other Vegas resorts.	
Oct 31 2005 	Ok Place	Stayed at Jockey Club from october 16-23. I was on the second floor in front of the out door pool. I paid $99.00 US exchange rate for 1 week. I had a 1 bed room every thing was in working order, but the AC had 2 settings freezing or off. The place could have used a new sofa and chair and maybe new carpet, they were clean but needs to be replaced. The location is great you have to walk through the parking lot to get to the hotel but its well lit. On the side of the building i was in you could here the garbage truck empting the bins about every second morning about 6 am that was annonying especially when you got to bed about 3 or 4 am. New hotel or condo will be going up soon in the parking lot, and the Boardwalk hotel a 2 min walk will be closing January 9, 2006 so there will be alot of construction in the area. But for the money i can't complain to much.	
Oct 20 2005	construction site	i stayed at #1176 in derby building...penthouse level(---)the site forgot to mention that jocke club is on a construction site, the new cosmoploitan casino is being built there..in the car park of the jockey clubthe airconditioning unit was set to artic conditions and so noisy, took several calls to maintenance to get it fixed...furnishings and fittings dont look like they have been updated since the building was erected...so if you want noise from construction site, go to jockey club!!	
Oct 14 2005	Warning! Bad outweighs the good …be very careful if you are staying at the Jo	Please read this review and the ones from Sept. 7 and October 9, 2005. Everything that was said in these 2 other reviews is correct. My husband and I stayed at the Jockey Club the nights of Sept. 15 and 16. We had made our reservations through the Las Vegas Visitors Bureau, speaking to a very pleasant woman who assured me that it was a nice facility. Well, let me itemize the good and the bad.Good:1) Location. Right next to the Bellagio, across from the Aladdin and Paris on the mid-strip. You could not ask for a more convenient location.2) View. Fantastic. We had room 928, which was on the north side of the Ascot tower, facing the Bellagio. We could see the beautiful Bellagio fountain show from all the rooms, and had a great view of the Eiffel Tower at the Paris casino.3) Shampoos and soaps.4) Clean.5) Free parking.Bad:1) Furnishings. Mattresses were thin and cheap to begin with, and very old to boot. You would roll to the center of all three queen -size beds and could feel the springs poking out in several places. We asked for a change of rooms due to the mattresses, but were told that it was not possible. The sheets and blankets were thin, cheap and rough (but clean). The cleanliness of the bedspread was very questionable (cheap polyester – felt kind of greasy). The remaining furniture was very worn and outdated. The carpet in this room was clean but the cheap plastic plants were very dusty. A couple of chairs had broken arms.2) Bathrooms. Bathroom was clean, but fixtures were corroded and heavy with lime deposits. Water pressure was very poor.3) Kitchen cabinets. They were just rough-cut plywood door fronts, with a thin coat of paint. Fixtures were really old. I am glad we were not there long enough to have to rely on the cooking facilities. I saw no roaches. I do think the cleaning staff did as good of a job as they could with the old and outdated appliances, furniture and bathroom facilities and fixtures.4) Parking lot. Although the parking was free, it was a very dark area, full of pot holes and construction, and a little scary to walk through at night.When we got there late on a Thursday evening, the front desk had no record of our reservation. I did have a confirmation number, and after the clerk called the Las Vegas Visitors Bureau the LVVB faxed a copy of our reservation over and the clerk (I think her name was Hanna) gave us a two-bedroom unit for the one-bedroom price, which we had reserved. Hanna was very nice, but we never saw her again during our stay. The clerk at the front desk on Friday morning was not very helpful or nice. I would have hated to see the original unit, if the two-bedroom one was an upgrade!All in all, do not stay here if you are looking for a nice, relaxing place to stay on your Las Vegas vacation. Or, try to rent a unit from the timeshare company. DO NOT make a reservation through the Visitors Bureau! But if your back can stand an awful mattress and box springs and all you need is a place to crash for a night on your way through Las Vegas this might be the place for you.I have attached a scan of the Jockey Club layout. Also attached are a couple of photos of the view from room 928 (the view and location were the Jockey Club’s best features). The room was so depressing that I didn’t take any photos of it.	
Oct 9 2005	I cried the room was so awful	I will start with the only one good thing I have to say about the Jockey Club - the location is ace for accessing all the big hotel casinos on the strip. It is right next to the Bellagio, directly opposite the Aladdin and within minutes walk of MGM going one way, to Caesars the other. Now the bad news - everything that Tripadvisors from Columbus (Sept 7 2005) and Colorado Springs (Aug 17 2004) said about this place is true - beware Expedia customers, you will not get the fantastic rooms that are raved about in other reviews for the Jockey Club, you will get one of the tatty rooms that are owned by the Las Vegas Visitors Bureau. The carpets were so stained I counted and photographed cigarette burns, pink makeup, black marks, spills etc throughout the lounge, kitchen and bedroom areas. The furniture was scuffed really badly. And yes I can vouch that in room 880 at least there is naff '70s brown kitchenware (cooker, fridge and unbelievably, a brown sink!!) And yes, there was the ashtray. We did ask to be moved but was told that the room was 'pre assigned' and so couldn't. What was so galling is that I manged to peek into other rooms which were so much better (with white kitchenware!). Why can't the LVVB maintain their share of rooms to this standard? It's just so unacceptable. Besides this there was construction all around, one day we had to negotiate around vehicles laying new tarmac on part of the carpark. Work regularly started just under our window at 4/5am each morning. Two days running we had no water for up to 6 hrs as a) they were working on a pipeline and b) they inadvertantly broke the water pipe and to dig up the area the next day to fix it. Somehow I think you'll guess I won't be staying here again!	
Sep 7 2005	Dirty 1 star hotel - the truth about the Jockey Club	Warning: the good reviews you see about the Jockey Club are from people who stayed in the time share suites. The Jockey Club is a strange hotel. One wing of the hotel is owned by a time share company and they keep the hotel up to a 2 to 2 1/2 star level. The other wing is owned by the Las Vegas Vistors Bureau this is where the problems begin. I have stayed in hundreds of hotels in my life and this is the worst one by far!!! The carpet was horribly stained, the mattresses were broken, there was mold growing in the tub, there were chunks broken off of furniture. We went downstairs and demanded another room and were given one that was no better. They advertise themselves as a 3 star hotel when they shouldn't even qualify for a 1 star. Las Vegas Visitors Bureau side of the Jockey Club is barely habitable. Be very, very careful when you book this hotel. Make sure that you ask who actually owns the hotel suite you will stay in. If its the Visitors Bureau - don't do it! I believe that if you book directly off the internet at Expedia, Travelocity, etc... it is always a Las Vegas Visitors Bureau suite, so buyer beware online. I can't warn you enough! Don't stay here if you want a good trip to Vegas.	
Sep 7 2005	Cannot be beat	I stayed there for $89 for the week with a timeshare. The price obviously cannot be beat for a week. The location was excellent. The pool was a little small, but we enjoyed it. The 1 bedroom was very spacious for me and my wife and 2 of our friends. Checkin was fast, maid service was good. As others have mentioned, it was nice and quiet there due to no casino, and that came in handy as we were going to sleep around 4 or 5 in the morning. They are going to build the Cosmopolitan right around the JC, and I am happy about it, because I will stay there next time I go to LV. I do not know what the prices for the &quot;hotel&quot; rental part of the JC, but if you can trade to the JC, I recommend it.The only bad thing was I did not win this trip.Enjoy!	
Aug 28 2005 	A sweet surprise! Great room great views perfect Strip locale 	This was a pleasant suprise - for the price, it was a wonderful, nicely decorated condo with full service kitchen and very comfortable. The staff were friendly and it felt homey and welcoming. The free parking and easy in and out access to the Strip was a major plus as was the closeness to convenience stores (to stock the kitchen!), economical restaurants and some of the best sights to see on the Strip. I plan to visit again in October 2005 and the Jockey Club is my number one choice of accommodation. It may be the best kept secet in Las Vegas!!	
Jul 11 2005	Great Location Great Value	We traveled to Las Vegas on July 1- July 4th and stayed at the Jockey Club with 16 other friends. We rented 3 condos. There was plenty of room for all of us with their 2 beds, and pull out couch. We liked the spot because it was great location for all of us for walking distance. We would stay there again.JC- Grand Junction, CO	
Jul 4 2005	Great place to stay	I can't say enough good about the Jockey Club. We stayed from June 26 to July 1st. We were upgraded to a suite just for asking and it was very nice, full kitchen, etc. It has a great view of the fountains and the maid service was top notch. No casino there either so it's very quiet. The pool is small but open 24 hours. I highly recommend the Jockey Club.	
Jun 27 2005	A+ service	Our week at the Jockey Club was excellent. I am not used to having daily maid service with a time share program. Being there in the heat of the summer meant that the 3 of us were sometimes taking two showers a day. The cleaning service kept up with clean towels daily and plenty of them. They also arrange for a full cleaning mid-week, free of charge. The front desk was extrememly helpful. They provided us with a taxi service from the front door to the airport - which was much appreciated. Even though you can walk around to the Bellagio and get a ride from there, we spared ourselves the heat and stayed in the A/C until our ride arrived. You'll be a little taken back with the fact that the facility is located in a parking lot when everyone else has filled their available space with greenery. But don't let that stop you from booking a reservation. Really, really a great deal.	
May 31 2005	High marks for Jockey Club	Arrived for Memorial Day weekend. Big, clean room. Great views. Contrary to some other opinions, I found the staff very helpful and responsive. They had cribs and high chairs already in the room (no charge) when we arrived. Our request for two rooms together and facing Bellagio was honored even though that was not guaranteed at the time of our reservation.Excellent location and just steps from the strip. Getting a cab was a little difficult, but the short walk to the Bellagio taxi stand was not much of a problem. The pool is very ordinary and if you need a nice pool I suggest you look elsewhere. Otherwise, if you want an affordable, large, clean room in the middle of it all, the Jockey Club is a great option.	
May 21 2005	Exquisite stay at the Jockey Club on April 13-19th 2005	I staid at the Jockey Club this past April in a beautiful penthouse suite and loved it. It was spacious and my family and I had an amazing time and spent a geat reuninon together. I would say that the penthouse I staid in, was better than any hotel on the strip. The bldg. is older than the others on the strip, but has all the great and clean amenities I would want when traveling. My suite was beautifully furnished and it allowed me a lot of flexibility and freedom. Anyways I would gladly come 3x-4x a year and stay at the beautiful penthouse suite.	
May 19 2005	Great Place to Stay	We stayed at the Jockey Club on the 28th of April for an entire week. I would recommend this place to anyone. The views were great and we were walking distance to everything. The rooms were very nice and the place was very clean. Housekeeping was available everyday with fresh towels, soap and shampoo. We did not have a rental car to go to the grocery store but the Jockey Club does run a shuttle service on Tuesdays that runs to the grocery store and back to the hotel. I can honestly say that I had no complaints about the place except that if you bring 6 people the only shower is in the master bedroom. It would be great if there was a shower in the half bath so that the people in bedroom do not get disturbed. The hotel also supplied free coffee, popcorn and internet use.	
May 18 2005	quiet...great location	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Jockey Club from May 11-16, 2005. The location is perfect, right in the middle of the strip. A very short walk through the parking lot to the strip and the fountains at Bellagio. There is a bus stop right at the end of the parking lot if you want to go to other areas (everything looks so close, but is actually a pretty far walk.) We found the 24 hour bus passes to be a great investment while we were there. As other people mentioned, this is a good place to stay if you are looking to really experience the city and just need a place to sleep or take a break or a swim before going back out on the town. Our room had a full kitchen, which was great in the morning to have some breakfast before leaving for the day. The pool is very small, but it was never crowded...we went for a swim every day around suppertime and only once shared the pool with other people. We enjoyed the fact that we were not in a casino, we rarely seen anyone in the hotel and it was VERY QUIET...(got in at 6am the one night and didnt hear a thing until 1pm when we awoke.) IF however you are looking to go somewhere first class or be waited on hand and foot, this is not the place for you. You would be better off to pay the $300.00-$400.00 per night and stay next door at the Bellagio. Overall we had a great time, and would probably stay here again. The location and price couldn't be better!!	
May 14 2005	What a view!!	Sister (the weird one) got married in Vegas. All of her guests stayed at the Stratosphere as it was across the street from the Little Chapel of Flowers. We stayed at the Jockey club at the other end of the strip. It had a full kitchen, full bath, half bath, big separate bedroom with a king bed and queen pullouts in the living room. View was amazing from our window, which was honestly, 8' high by 15 feet wide (total side wall of the living room) of the Bellagio Fountains. got to hear the wonderful music and see the great water displays. Didn't see anyone in the rest of the hotel the whole time. No other guests in the halls, at the pool (which was average to below average) and there were no annoying casinos to walk through. A big plus is that there is a lot of parking available, if you have an RV, you don't pay anything extra to park there. When we took some of the wedding guests to 'our place' they were all upset that they paid twice the price and got 1/6 of the room that we had. Just having a full sized fridge made buying groceries, and using up leftovers from gargantuan meals a very inexpensive trip. I'd recommend this place. Ask for the room on the 6th floor, if available. Would stay there again with the kids. They loved the views and the huge room	
Apr 29 2005	Good location but set way back in a corner of huge parking lot	My husband &amp; I stayed a week at the Jockey Club through a vacation exchange. We had a one bedroom suite and it was large and fully equipped. We had requested accomodation on as high a level as possible, and facing North, three weeks in advance of arriving. We were put on the 4th floor facing North, in the second building -farthest away from the street. The concierge told us to ask the Manager on Monday morning if there was something available further up. Didn't bother. We felt that our request should have been honoured especially as we called three separate times to ensure we had the accomodation reserved.Our one bedroom suite was spotless and very spacious with 1 1/2 baths.We found the front desk, while very polite, not helpful in any way. With all the luggage for a week's vacation, we were told that our suite was in the next building and it would be probably easier for us to drag it through the parking lot to the next building (the farthest away). Not even an attempt to have the concierge put it into the Security's Golf Cart and help.Want a taxi to come to the Jockey Club? Forget it. Front desk just points to the &quot;taxi phone&quot;. Dispatch says &quot;30 to 45 minute wait&quot;, don't believe it, it won't happen. Go next door to Bellagio and hail one from there.Found the front desk staff to be polite but uncaring and not helpful at all.Jockey Club says they can take Budet Car reservations, but if you call them before leaving home, they will not take the reservation.The Jockey Club is two buildings set quite a ways back from the street in he corner of a huge parking lot. There is contruction planned right beside the Jockey Club, a huge new casino/hotel!!! construction is slated to begin very shortly, so beware!! Ask for the North side (facing Bellagio) and as high up as you can get. Good Luck on that request!We would not stay here again.	
Apr 28 2005	Great for the price if you want to be near the action!	LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION! If you want to be in the HEART of the strip without paying 3 bills+ to stay at the Bellagios or Venitians of the world, then this place is perfect. You can sleep 4 easily in a 1 bedroom condo and 6 easily in a 2 bedroom. If you like to spend your entire Vegas trip in the hotel you are staying at, then this is NOT the place for you. However, if you just need a home base that keeps you centered for your various ventures around town, then the Jockey Club is perfect. Save your cash for the other things Vegas has to offer.	
Mar 31 2005	Mediocre at best	If you've been elsewhere on the Strip, then you probably won't be too impressed by this poky little cinderbox with its hit-or-miss service.	
Mar 23 2005	Just OK	Stayed at the Jockey Club from March 16th to the 19th. PROS-Excellent location, right next to the Bellagio and close to the center of the strip. free internet access with price of room. There was no casino, enjoyed the quiet atmosphere.CONS-Property looks to be older, room was a bit musty.Overall the hotel was ok, however, I do not think I will stay there again as there are several nicer hotels in the area.	
Feb 5 2005	Do not buy timeshares at this location!	Nice place to stay. I would suggest renting or transfering shares to stay here, but do not buy from this company. The customer service is horrible and not reliable at all! I am speaking from many experiences in dealing with these people.	
Feb 3 2005	Loved It!!!!	For the price, LOCATION and nice and clean rooms. Total Deal. Just go next door to another big hotel to get a hotel. And it's honestly a 3 min to another hotel. And if you can't carry your OWN bags, you need to get a life. Lazy people. Loved it and highly recomment it!!!	
Jan 22 2005	Great value and Great Location	My husband, son and daughter in law shared a suite at the Jockey Club over New Years. We couldn't have picked a better place. This was the first time we had been to Las Vegas, and really didn't know the area. We got lucky staying there! It was a great location. Near everything! The view from our window was beautiful. The staff was great and the suite was very clean and comfortable. I would not hesitate to stay there again.	
Jan 21 2005	Great Accomodations 	We were guests from Jan. 7-10, 2005 and enjoyed our stay at The Jockey Club. It's located next to The Bellagio and directly across from The Aladdin, at the heart of the strip. Our suite was very well decorated, extremely clean, and within walking distance of everything you'd want to see and do. There is a wonderful concierge desk available. The only problem we encountered was a request for extra pillows, which was made twice to the front desk clerk on both Saturday and Sunday mornings. Upon returning to the suite in the evening, we still had no extra pillows. It was explained to us that housekeeping does not provide these, rather they are delivered by a &quot;runner&quot;. According to the manager, there is limited communication between guest services and the &quot;runner&quot;. We made the suggestion that since both are &quot;guest services&quot;, perhaps they should communicate in the interest of their guests.	
Dec 17 2004	Excellent value	Stayed here for 2 nights in August 2003.Room was enormous &amp; clean. Located on the Strip with ample parking.Price was extremely cheap.The decor was very plain &amp; it looks like an apartment block from the outside.For a cheap stay in Vegas then this is suitable.	
Dec 16 2004	Great view of the strip...	The Jockey Club is located in an ideal location on the &quot;Strip&quot;. We had a comfortable and clean one bedroom unit on the 5th. floor which overlooked the beautiful Bellagio Hotel and its fountain. Our unit was in the Ascot Tower. Staff were very accomodating, helpful and friendly. There are no gambling traps in The Jockey Club which is such a pleasant and welcoming relief after a day on the Strip.If you are in the market for an acre of land on the Strip it is going for $22 million an acre!! We highly recommend MYSTERE!!!	
Dec 11 2004	A good value at a good location.	I won a week in a one bedroom apartment at the Jockey Club for the week of November 10 through 17 through SkyAuction. Since my winning bid was $7 (plus taxes and fees), it was a real steal. Although it is a timeshare, I never was bothered to submit to a pitch.It is an older, but fairly well maintained property. It goes back to the 1970s, when Frank Sinatra and the &quot;Rat Pack&quot; frequented there. My apartment was on the eighth floor on south side of the far building, facing a large parking lot, with the Monte Carlo in the distance. The view from the other side of the building is the Bellagio, which is next door, and across Las Vegas Blvd. was the entrance to Desert Passage at the Alladin. First, my complaints. Like the casino hotels on the Strip, there is a hike from the Strip to the lobby, and another hike to my room. I was locked out of my room near midnight one evening (the card key was changed), but the maintenance man was very conscientious in helping me out and refused a tip. Tour and shuttle buses tend to stop at the Jockey Club last, in part because there is no immediate crossover of Las Vegas Blvd. The cable connection for the TV in the living room was not secure, so I wound up using the second TV in the bedroom (fortunately, there were a couple of chairs and a small table in the bedroom).However, compensating for this, is that I doubt that one can get a one bedroom suite (or perhaps two bedrooms) in such a prime location at a lower price. There is a convenience store in the lobby which is better stocked than nearby stores such as Walgreen's, CVS, and one in the Desert Passage. Near the lobby, there are two free computers with high-speed internet connections for time-share owners and their guests.If you are not planning to prepare all your meals in your well stocked kitchen, my suggestion would be to go to the nearby Paris Casino, which has several good (French-style) restaurants at moderate prices. The MGM-Grand has purchased the nearby Boardwalk Casino and has plans to tear it down and build one continuous resort and urban community between the Bellagio and the Monte Carlo. If the Jockey Club remains in place, it will become even more desirable. If the Jockey Cub doesn't survive this development, you don't have much time to enjoy this bit of Las Vegas history at a moderate price.	
Nov 27 2004	Great View if you're lucky	We intended staying at the Hilton but when we got there we realised we had booked the wrong nights so ended up having to ring tourist info to find somewhere to stay.We ended up with a suite at the Jockey Club which is right next to The Bellagio. It was $350 a night for 2 large rooms, kitchenette, living area and 2 bathrooms which between 4 of us was fine and it did sleep 6. When we arrived we all thought it looked a bit dated, but the room itself was absolutely fine and we had THE most amazing view of Vegas. If you are going to stay here I would strongly recommend you ask for a room facing The Bellagio. Every 15 minutes or so there is a colourful water display at the front of the Bellagio which you can watch if your room is facing the right way. Amazing.Kitchenette had microwave, dishwasher, oven, coffee making etc and although it was all a little bit dated it was absolutely fine for our purposes.	
Nov 26 2004	A bargain but not worth it	Booked Thanksgiving week because of price and location. Good news is that room was large and ammenties plentiful. Bad News was that beds were ancient and very uncomfortable. Blinds didn't work. Tub had no stopper. In general, maintenance was poor. Staff was totally insensitive to issues. We will not stay there again and would not recommend it even at the price.	
Oct 25 2004	North-siders beware!!	Beware!If you are booked into a north-side room in either tower, there is a manditory 4am wake-up call from contruction next door at the Bellagio, Sunday an included! They seem all too happy to book you on this side of the time share (not hotel...you may be approached by sales staff in the somewhat dreary parking lot, as we were) and then they blame the Bellagio for your insomnia and resulting discomfort after you complain.Housekeeping and other services were top drawer, as are the recent renovations. Rooms are very nicely done...but indded with ashtrays! (sorry management)	
Oct 10 2004	It's okayyyy	Went for a week (for free) thanks to a dear Aunt of mine who owns a timeshare there. It's no Ritz or Four Seasons, but it's not that bad either. The view is pretty good. The location as well. Room was clean and housekeeping was good. And the bed was quite comfy and the closets were huggee. Good size room.The only downfall is the usual hotel amenities, valet, room service, etc. The location can't be beat...but the huge parking lot looks creepy at night. It's okkayy...wouldn't stay there again. Vegas has great rates at great hotels. I live in a city where a Holiday Inn in a remote location costs $129 a night...that's what you pay to stay at the Paris, MGM, Mandalay Bay. Vegas rooms are CHEAP!! But hey the Jockey Club was free! Can't say no to a free week in Vegas!	
Sep 15 2004	It's like home	I have owned a timeshare at Jockey Club for 9 yrs.( it was a birthday present to my husband.) And we have have gone almost every year since, and sometimes twice a year. We enjoy Las Vegas and all the glitz and glamour of the strip (which is within walking distance of the Jockey, no need of a car.) But when we come home at night, it feels like home, warm and fuzzy. The staff are fantastic, always very accomodating the furnishings comfy and clean. If you're thinking about buying one, do it, you'll feel like you are going home each year. If you are renting you won't find a condo with better location on the strip! My kids look forward to our get togethers in Vegas every other year, and my grandkids say they are going to gramma's house. It feels that comfortable. ( we have to rent two or three units to accomodate everyone) I love my Jockey Club, it's my home away from home.	
Aug 26 2004	You won't need a nightlight the window provides one itself...	Las Vegas was fab, I got to the hotel and pondered on which desk to check in at, there was a shop, 2 desks at the end and one at the front, I persumed the first one, I guessed jolly right!Remember that it's that folks ;)I checked in and boarded the lift, you'll notice that if you wave your arms about, it actually looks like there's loads of clones of you!It's extremely amusing, but just don't go doing when someone is in the lift with you.Got my hotel, and the first thing I noticed was the ugly brown fridge, my granma's is more modern that that.Slowly I approached the bedroom (because I had a suite!).Lights were twinkling, and I had a great view of this beautiful fountain, which i watched all the time.As I said, you don't need a night light, this is Las Vegas darling, and boy my view was fantastic, the large window provided a good view of the strip, where the hotel layed in the middle of it.Kitchens great if you want to eat-in!Good choice of television, the bathroom was okay, and I was quite happy with my room!Great pool on the 2nd floor with a gym and and one of those little spa things, and a sauna!Very happy with my room, until at the end of my holiday I peeked at the one next door, which had a better kitchen and nicer table, my room looked pretty poor against, but I tried to think positive and not cry, and set of home.Very nice though, very nice :D	
Aug 23 2004	Affordable Inexpensive Center Strip Stay	Located in the center of the strip, the Jockey Club was a find.My young twenty-something girlfriends and I were looking for a place that was safe, inexpensive and at an ideal location for a weekend getaway. For less than $325 for two nights (Fri/Sat), we got the two bedroom (1 king size, 1 queen size bed, 1 double bed), two bathroom suite, complete with a kitchen that had all the amenities i.e. flatware, refrigerator, glasses, plates, etc.We weren't in our room too often, but when we were we were very comfortable, and it felt more homey than other hotels. Obviously, the nearby hotels like the Bellagio and Paris are much ritzier, but for the price we paid, the Jockey Club more than met our basic needs and we still got to enjoy the ambience of the other hotels. I plan on staying at the Jockey Club again, especially if I go with another large group.Some issues were that we couldn't get a later check-out than the standard 11 a.m. one and they couldn't fulfill our request for more pillows and blankets (2 pillows instead of 4). But we survived.	
Aug 17 2004	Smoker's paradise non-smokers nightmare!	Pre-booked the Jockey Club on the Strip in Las Vegas for a non-smoking room. Arrived only to find out that there really is no such thing in this hotel! This seems to be an older time-share complex and we were offered 3 different rooms, all 'non-smoking' complete with ASHTRAYS!!! Decor was tatterred and the kitche appliances were naff 1970's brown!!! UGH!!! We bailed out and went to the Straosphere.....Staff at Jockey Club were VERY nice and tried to help as best they could. If you are a NON-SMOKER, stay away!!!! If you're a smoker, I'd still suggest better accomodations can be found for the money.....	
Jul 19 2004	Very nice stay	Enjoyed our week in a 2br/2bath unit (June, '04). Unit was large(1200 sq.ft.), clean and well appointed. Staff was friendly and knowledgable. The pool was also clean and not as small as I visioned from other reports - especially since there were rarely more than 10 guests in it. As others have mentioned, it's a short walk to Paris, Paris, Aladdin or Bellagio.It's not the Ritz, but it's comfortable and you can save your cash for the casinos or shows. I'd book Jockey Club again in a heart beat.	
Apr 27 2004	Oh my God!!!! What a Great Place!!!	We loved the Jockey Club the minute we walked into the room... What a wonderful room it was. The Bedroom was bigger than most hotel rooms I've stayed in... Nice walk in closet.. two bathrooms... it was so wonderful. We WILL BE BACK!!! We were celebrating our 10th Wedding Anniversary and doing it there was a great treat.	
Mar 23 2004	pleasant quiet surroundings	jockey club contains pleasant, well furnished suites. staff was knowledgeable and very friendly. location iis near to all major casinos and attractions. would like to see a rear entrance from the parking lot to industrial drive or harmon avenue. it would avoid automobile travel on the strip.	
Mar 17 2004	Loved it but...	We thought the Jockey Club was great. The room was very clean, the staff friendly, the location perfect (next to the Bellagio). We walked from the Jockey Club to most of the places we wanted to see and were pleased that the housekeeping staff were so diligent. Location, location, location, and it was small and personal as opposed to many of the other huge hotels in Las Vegas where I'm sure many people just feel like a number.The only thing that was a bit of an inconvenience was that we had a tough time getting a taxi to the airport on the last day. We thought that the Jockey Club needed to address the transportation issue for their guests. An hour's wait for a taxi is not uncommon (according to other guests we met) and we finally got a shuttle in the end.Otherwise, the place was great!!!	
Mar 12 2004	Nice Place	My wife and I joined another couple last weekend- march 7th to spend three days in a two bedroom unit at the Jockey Club. Accomodations were very good, staff was very pleasant and the location of this place in fantastic- in the middle of the strip. Easy access to everything and easy to get a taxi to travel to downtown if you need to. I will stay here again on my next visit.	
Feb 3 2004	loved	Four of us went last year to Las Vegas for a convention. We were on a budget. Also we were co-workers. I liked it because it gave us privacy from each other. Also since we were all on a budget, we couldnt really go out and eat, we were able to cook and just stay in the room till our next meeting. Plus we drove from California and we didnt have to worry about parking or driving while we were there. Also you are right on the strip so if you have a couple of hours to kill you can walk anywhere. We really liked it and we are planning on going again this year to the convention and staying at The Jockey Club.	
Jan 23 2004	missing the glitz - but great for condo type	Visited in January 2003, 2 couples from different towns wanting to rehash old times shared a 2 bedroom. It was very clean and spacious, nothing elaberate but nice to relax, coffee, cocktails, snacks, etc. Pool and grounds not exciting, but it was January. Very centrally located, easy walk over to Bellagio for a cab - much quicker. Great for the price - miss the glitz feeling and the middle of the night gambling - but its right outside your front door everywhere........(try for the front tower - closer to the strip)	
Dec 29 2003	3 Star Quality	This hotel is above average for the price but is not real stylish or immaculant like some of the hotels in Vegas. I stayed here in 2000 in a two-bedroom two-bath suite. We go to Vegas about 2-3 times a year and we prefer to stay in time share units as to basic hotel rooms because of the price. These units are clean, have full kitchens w/dining, big bedrooms and the view is ok. It is next too the Bellagio and walking distance to MGM and NYNY. Pool is ok, not great in anyway. No beautiful grounds. Pretty basic but great price for the rooms!	
Dec 8 2003	We would recommend the Jockey Club	We found the Jockey Club to be situated in an excellent position on The Strip, next door to Bellagio and set back from the road. The room was very nice, although the view we had was overlooking a new road being built and early morning we could hear the lorries reversing(emitting a beep-beep noise). This was a little offputting at the time. Unfortunately the swimming pool was being renovated during our first week (it was a good job we were in Vegas for two weeks). If we wanted to swim we had to walk across The Strip to Polo Towers - which we felt was too much of an effort. We would also comment that the Jockey Club appeared to be a hub for touting time share sellers. Every day a black bus would arrive with people who were being shown around the Jockey Club and being taken somewhere into the Nevada Desert to view newly built or 'to be built' time share apartments. Overall we found our stay at the Jockey Club to be very good and would recommend it - and Las Vegas...........WE LOVE IT!!!!!	
Sep 13 2003	the jockey club	the jockey club;love the place,nicest amentities,rooms are the best,service is great and friendly, location,location,location, outside our bedroom window we had a front row seat to the water show at the belagio,highly recommend would love to buy here	
Aug 14 2003	Wonderful stay!		
May 18 2003	Hated the Jockey Club!		
May 12 2003	These folks really take care of you		
May 1 2003	Jockey Club was OK - just OK		
Apr 6 2003	love this place/must sell it		
Mar 27 2003	Loved Jockey Club		
Feb 22 2003	Loved Jockey club		
Feb 22 2003	Never had a more comfortable stay.		
Feb 18 2003	The Best Secret In Vegas		
Feb 8 2003	loved the jockey club		
