Nov 8 2008 	Worst Experience	I lived in Budget Suite for embarassingly a year. We had no choice but to stay there while solving a case and the location seemed very convinient. When we started staying there the manangers and staff were nicer. Then this New Manager Dana Alexander comes in and makes her own rules. Totally not in the rules and regulations. Like she wont let my kids play outside the grass area which is safe, she insist theres a designated playground which is right next to the street and has dog poop. She scolded our neighbor for putting a blanket in the grass area for there baby to crawl. She scolded one of our friends living across from us for not wearing a shirt outside. Ive seen her kick 2 families out on the same day, because they dont fallow her rules. I thought maybe the corporation might wanna know how bad shes treating the costumers there so I wrote a letter. 3 days after, she brings a 7 day eviction letter. I ask why, she says coz I wrote a complaint letter. I ask how she can do such thing and ask wether she owns the place and she says yes she does. I brought the paper to court and when we got a court date, they brought there lawyer and the Judge didnt even wanna hear the story, saying she cant do anything and the property has the right to kick out tenants for no reason. We have been very good tenants, always paid in time and only because I voiced my concerns, I get kicked out. The thing that never stops to haunt me is the tone she uses when she talks to people. Like there all inferior from her. She told some kids I voluntered to watch after they told her I wasnt there mom to tell there Nanny they were not allowed to stay outside. What gives her the right to label me like that, she does'nt know me. We had no choice but to leave. So You tell me what kind of rating am I suppose to give, for a trauma that is literaly still hunting me to this day.	
Sep 21 2007	If you want to be treated disrespectfully then Budget Suites is fo you!	I temporarily neded a place to stay because I didn't know how long I would be staying in Las Vegas. When I went tot the desk, the person who helped me said she wouldn't have a vacancy until noon. Then she reversed herself and siad she would have no vacancies that day. I went tot heir other properties and did not like the locations; the people looked questionable at best.At noon I called the Las Vegas Blvd property at noon and was told they did have a vacancy for a studio or efficiency and they would hold it for me until 1 p.m. I went back to that property and rented the efficiency efficiency.It was very dirty. It looked as if it had been wiped down but never actually cleaned. The shower curtain was dirty; the floors had some kind of yucky build up around the edges of the floor. I was told that there was high speed Inernet. When I got out my laptop, which has an ethernet card, and didn't pick up a signal I then called the front desk. I was informed hat I needed an internet cable and that usually they sell them but were currently out of them. I went to wAL mART and bought my own cable. What I disliked was the smart alecky atitude of the clerk at the desk. His name is Morris or something like that. It was as if he were waiting for someone to call up and question him so that he could unload hsi smug attitudeto make another person feel stupid. I then concluded that I was being treated like a deadbeat which evidently are the types of people who frequent their premises.I did not stay the full month because I found a more reasonably priced place to live. I knew upon checking out that I would not receive any refunds. I just needed to inform them that I was checking out. The ame guy couldn't wait tot tellme that I would not receive any refunds. I was stunned and felt attacked by the manner in which he delivered the information. I did not approach him in an obnoxious or hostile manner nor did I argue with him, but he acted as if I were going to create a fuss so I guess he decided to put me in my place in case I was going to argue with him.I would not stay in any of their properties again. The efficiency was too dirty and the staff that I encountered both acted as if I were some kind of dead beat.	
