Oct 19 2009 	Excellent service clean hospitable	I stayed at this hotel - which is about 20 minutes from downtown Las Vegas. I had a medical procedure and the doctor's office recommended this hotel. I was very impressed. The staff bent over backwards to address every need I had. The manager took me to and from the procedure; one of them also did the same for my follow-up the very next day.The hotel had everything I needed and nothing that I didn't need. It was quiet and peaceful. They have a free breakfast buffet everyday - scrambled eggs; bacon/ sausage; a hot waffle iron to make your own fresh waffles; fruit; yogurt, coffee. You get the idea.The cost was totally inexpensive. I stayed for 4 days and have no complaints.	
Oct 13 2009 	Safety and Sanity outside Las Vegas	We selected this hotel for the last night of our trip to be closer to the airport but away from downtown Las Vegas. This is a clean and comfortable hotel with lovely rooms, comfortable beds, and a free breakfast. I think we paid less than $100! You can get to downtown Vegas within minutes. We did venture downtown and visit the strip and I'm glad we decided against staying there. How dirty it is! I couldn't stand the press of people and the pushy &quot;snappers&quot;. While it was fun to visit some of the casinos, I can't say I like Las Vegas. We enjoyed the fountain show at Bellagio (where $5.00 in a penny slot yielded a jackpot of more than $100 and I walked away happy). The inside of New York, New York was so clever with its reproduction of New York. Still, Las Vegas is not where I want to be found when Jesus makes His return! I have to thank the reviewers of Trip Advisors for steering me to this hotel.	
Aug 31 2009 	Perfect place if you don't want all the hype of Las Vegas.	This place is really good value for money. Me and my girlfriends arrived 2 days earlier than expected in Las Vegas on our trip around the West Coast of USA, and we choose this Hotel because of the price and the reviews.It is perfect. We visited some of our friends at Luxor the same night we arrived, and we really started to appreciate the quietness and isolation you will find at this Wingate. You have a great view of Las Vegas at nighttime, but the neighborhood isn't that inspiring during daytime.Another plus about this hotel is the amenities. You get free internet, free snacks in the lobby, free business area, free gym and so on. You are really in for a treat here.I've given the location 3 stars, since you'll probably want to stay at the strip if you visit Vegas, but if you are here to experience the city without necessarily wanting to drink your brains out and partying and gambling all day long, this is a good choice. You'll find a lot of well-rated dining facilities in the neighborhood, which are also well-priced.	
Aug 10 2009 	Top Notch great safe location.	Nice and new hotel, in a safe area. Free parking, internet and hot breakfast. I have nothing bad to say about this hotel. Staff was great, rooms were spotless, bathrooms were immaculate. Comfortable queen beds. Nice pool, but didn't use. This hotel is about 6 miles from airport and strip. Restaurants and stores close by.	
Aug 9 2009 	This is the only place I'll stay in Vegas!	I've stayed in this hotel MANY times and I've never been disappointed! Unfortunately, on my last trip to Vegas last week, the Wingate was booked, so I stayed at the Holiday Inn Express in Henderson. Big mistake! The staff at the Wingate is always super friendly and accommodating, the coffee is hot and fresh 24 hours a day and the rooms are spotlessly clean and very comfortable. The morning breakfast is excellent and full of variety to include &quot;hotel waffles&quot; that you can make yourself, eggs, bacon, breads, pastries, cereals, fruit and yogurt. I honestly don’t know how they’re making a profit with their rates for all that’s included. It’s my home away from home, and after my horrible experience at the Holiday Inn Express, I will never go anywhere else again!	
Jul 27 2009 	The hotel was great and the staff was SO helpful!!!	I just spent the past weekend in Henderson with some friends and this hotel came through in a big way for us! We were hoping for a mix of gaming/entertainment and a chance to explore Lake Mead and the Hoover Dam and with the hotel's help we were able to do both!!! They even provided a complimentary shuttle to Green Valley Rach so we didn't have to worry about taxis. Highly recommended!!	
Jul 27 2009 	Elegant  spacious and peaceful with a very attentive staff.	My husband and I stayed at the Wingate for 7 nights. It was a peaceful escape from the Las Vegas scene yet close enough to take in all the amenities that part of our country has to offer. The hotel is new and ever corner has beautiful art work and colors. The staff are very attentive and personal. They are committed to making a stay at the Wingate a memorable one. We would not say anywhere else in the area when we visit again. Highly recommended.	
Jul 13 2009 	Outstanding ! (I always wanted to say that word on a review)	Almost new (or very-very careful) furniture (specially the pillows !), clean and perfumed, very convenient location (in car, 15 minutes from LV strip), incredible breakfast (specially bacon, sausages, even scrambled eggs on Sundays), free internet, pool and jacuzzi accessible late night... and, yes, gorgeous clerks :)Doesn't this sound good enough ? What else could I say ? Let me think...oh, yeah, THE PRICE. Less than 70$ ? Well, you bet it !I don't know how long this will remain as I experienced, so my suggestion is to visit this as soon as possible while it lasts.	
Jun 21 2009 	A good hotel away from all the hustle!	Really nice hotel, very helpful staff, very clean, breakfast excellent. Nice gym, small but enough to keep up with your routine. Pool nice with small jacuzzi. Hotel shop for those essentials. Gas station to the left of the hotel for anything else you may need. Only downside would be that there isnt much round it but as we were using it as a base and driving to different areas/attractions it was ok. If you arn't prepared to drive it would be remote.Front view is of the parking lot and in the distance the strip, rear overlooks the pool.10 mins drive away there is plenty of shops &amp; restaurants and in 15 mins you can be in the heart of Vegas. Really enjoyed staying there.	
May 26 2009 	Great value not to far from strip	Well I thought with all of the positive reviews of this property I would give it a try for the holiday weekend. Let me say I was very impressed. The front desk staff bent over backwards to be of help and all was very friendly. The pool area was very nice and only had a few other guests using it so it was quiet. And I found the suburban location very convenient with plenty of stores and services right around the corner. I would make this hotel my choice for a value-packaged location in the Vegas area. The room was spotless and the best was perfect what else can you ask for 89 a night.	
May 21 2009 	Nice but..	We stayed here 2 times in one year. The staff is really nice, polite and helpfull. The room are clean, big with nice furniture. Breakfast is also good. But the two times we stayed there we had people partying on our floor. And it went on all night. I know that it is not really the fault of the hotel but be prepared on the week end it seems to be a little bit louder. If it weren´t for that I would recommend it anytime again.	
Apr 17 2009 	Wow!!!	I flew in late one night to Henderson Executive Airport and needed a place to stay for the night. A hotel shuttle came and picked me up @ the airport for free and gave me an awesome pilot discount. They were very helpful about getting a shuttle back to the airport the next day. They had a great full breakfast and papers in the morning as well as free wi-fi. Cannot wait to come back!	
Apr 10 2009 	A perfect Visit !!	Myself and a friend used the Wingate as a three day stay for golfing......then we went onto the strip for two days. It makes it easier when golfing to stay off of the strip especially when renting a car etc., The Henderson area is very modern, clean and seemed very safe. The hotel welcomed our arrival with professionalism &amp; courtesy. The hotel looks very new. What can I say......this was the absolute perfect choice to what we wanted to meet our needs. We had a car rental and the hotel has plenty of free parking; we awoke each morning to free continental breakfast which had most things a person needed to start the day; free newspaper delivered to the door; in-room safe; After a day of golfing there were many restaurants in the local area within probably a 3-5 minute drive---many, many restaurants to choose from. If you wanted to just do it simple there is a restaurant / pub practically in the same parking lot of the hotel which was very handy - we tried it out twice and nothing wrong with it whatsoever !! We stocked up on beer as the room also had a mini-fridge :)The outdoor pool and most importantly the hot tub were excellent additions to sooth the muscles in the evening with a few cold cervezas !! It was also very quiet.I noticed a workout room with several pieces of equipment - did not use it though.All in all an outstanding choice of hotels for a few days off of the strip. It met all of our needs and expectations.We will definately be back when we are looking for a hotel off strip to meet our golfing needs when visiting Las Vegas.Definately recommend this location for the casual leisure traveller; business traveller and family.	
Feb 19 2009 	Clean safe location nice pool 	I always rent a car and stay here when I business trip to Vegas. Love the sparkling pool, the friendly staff and the free breakfast.	
Jan 14 2009 	A wonderful stay	Our family used three rooms and we all loved this facility. Staff were very responsive, the rooms were meticulously clean and the beds were the most comfortable we have ever experienced in a hotel stay. Temperature control was perfect. Morning breakfast was cheerful and very adequate. We stayed here because Courtyard by Marriott near the strip where we usually stay was full ( the CES show was on that weekend) This will be our choice from here on.... thank you for a great experience!!!	
Nov 12 2008 	Great Hotel	My husband and I took a business trip to Las Vegas and went out on the weekend prior to his conference. We wanted to see Red Rock Canyon and Lake Meade &amp; Hoover Dam, so we didn't want to stay in the congestion of downtown or the strip. We stayed at the Wingate in Henderson, and needless to say, we were extremely happy with our decision. It was very convenient to get to sites East and West of Vegas. Unlike the hotels with casinos on the strip, we had a refrigerator and microwave in our room, free internet, and a hot breakfast each morning. The other nights we stayed at the Wynn on the strip and got a towel by the side of our bed with slippers that were too small on top of the towel, as well as a piece of candy on our pillow.Both hotels were large and clean. Both had pools, the Wynn's being about 7 times larger, but the Wingate's having 1-2 people in it. Both had hot tubs and exercise rooms, but you had to pay extra if you wanted to use these facilities at the Wynn and the Wingates was free.The only complaint I would have at the Wingate is that the walls were a little thin. At times, we could hear a TV in the next room, but the hotel was full of a high school band, and we were never awakened by the kids - possibly they were just well behaved kids.The Wingate was also very close to restaurants. We walked to the pub in the parking lot of the hotel one night and had a good meal, and the other night, we drove about 2 mile to a restaurant on Eastern, where there are many choices.If I were to go to Vegas again, I would stay at the Wingate and drive downtown in the evenings for shows, etc. It was about a 15 minute drive.	
Oct 20 2008 	Geat hotel fantastic price good location	My wife and I stayed at the Wingate the nights of October 17-18 and couldn't be happier. STAFF -- Friendly and always willing to answer questions or offer advice for local eateries and activities. Front desk staff was one of the best I've encountered, and the breakfast crew was helpful and friendly.HOTEL -- This hotel, as mentioned by others, is quite new -- not remodeled but NEW -- and is very nice. The pool area is clean and nice, though we didn't use it. We had a king-bed room and were pleased by the size and the quality of the furnishings. Nice dark woods, granite counters. The bathroom is quite big, once again, granite and tile. The showerhead was amazing. The bedroom itself had a large sitting area with lounge chair and ottoman, there was desk with chair and internet cable -- WiFi is available anywhere in the hotel too. The bed was very comfortable. The hotel is one of the new 'green' hotels - you insert your door card into a slot, thereby activating your A/C settings. When you leave the system goes into a 'conservation mode' that reduces energy use. The thermostat is on the wall, so no fiddling with dials on the A/C unit. The hotel has mountain or Strip views, both of which are great. Parking is free and plentiful.BREAKFAST -- The breakfast buffet was standard fare, with fruit, Yoplait yogurt, juices, coffee, hot cocoa, toast, bagels, muffins, and a 'build your own waffle' center. It was good, easy, and included with your stay, a nice touch since most hotels are shying away from this.LOCATION -- We were in Henderson visiting family, but this would also make a compelling alternative when getting away from the strip. From the hotel the Strip is a quick 10-15 minute drive. By 10-15 minutes I mean during a busy Saturday night, not during the middle of the day weekday. Granted once you get to the Strip you slow to a crawl, but that's normal! Easy access to I-15 via I-215, and easy access to Hoover Dam via I-215 as well. It took us about 28 minutes to get to the Dam from the hotel.PRICE -- We were able to get a matched price from a Courtyard in Henderson ($80/night) but even the standard rate of $109-$119 a night is great for the area.CONCLUSION -- We loved our stay at the Wingate and will definitely stay there again. The level of service and quality that you get for the price cannot be beat.	
Aug 26 2008 	Great place away from hustle 	Found out this place was fairly new, that was a plus.We stayed here our last night in Vegas to get away from the hustle &amp; bustle. It was a great stay. Room and bathroom was as nice as a hotel on the Las Vegas strip and plus you had your own frig &amp; coffee maker which all the big hotels don't. Complimentary breakfast was great as well.Internet access was down, but was repaired quickly. Staff &amp; management was very friendly. Convenient for us to take our rental car back to airport location.It was nice not to have to do so much walking just to get to a room!!All and all we had a great experience with this hotel !!	
Jul 14 2008 	Quiet Clean and safe retreat	I was in Henderson for 3 days for work. The Wingate was perfect for my trip. I had free wireless internet and all the quiet and air conditioning I could take to get some projects done in the evenings. The hotel was very very clean and had a very kind and helpful staff. If you needed anything or had a question the staff was on it in a snap.In the morning, the breakfast was delicious. A great spread with different kinds of juice, yogurt, eggs, toast, cereal (with nonfat and 2%) bacon and sausage, and the real treat waffles! Which seemed very fun for the few children I saw there. You could make your own waffles easy, and tasty too!The fitness area was again very very clean and had treadmills, elliptical, weight machine, gymnastic ball, and more. I was able to keep up my daily routine. I didn't get to make it down to the pool, but I am sure it was great as the rest of the hotel was. The nightly rate is fantastic, such a great place for such a value. Smoke free and no ringing slot machines to be concerned with. The photos the I saw on expedia.com were exactly how it looked. But I did take a photo of the view from my room facing vegas. There is a gas station across the parking lot, great to fill up or just grab some vitamin water. The Kopper Keg a bar and grill is in the same lot, I went in but left quickly, smokey and keno at the bar isn't my thing. I end up shopping at the Trader Joe's Market on Eastern for some great food that I could keep in my hotel frig.I highly reccommend this hotel for anyone traveling on business or with a family that would like to experience NV without smoke, noise or casinos.	
Jun 3 2008 	Large rooms very clean	Never been off the strip before and found Henderson to be a nice change from the hustle/bustle of Las Vegas. We had an anniversary party to attend, therefore, several rooms were blocked for the out of town guests. Had my reservations about staying here at first, but after reading several favorable reviews, I have to agree with everyone else. Rooms are very large, clean and beds were rather comfortable. They offer a free continental breakfast which had many choices and the drive is only 7 miles from the strip, about 15 minutes or less. Very convenient to the airport as well. My only complaint is that the walls are thin, so if the person next door has the TV on, you can hear it in your room.	
Apr 26 2008	New and Clean	I stayed at this hotel for a business meeting. This hotel was brand new, clean and a great value. I was able to access the Internet easily from anywhere. The staff was very helpful and friendly.	
Mar 27 2008 	Great hotel and accomodations!	Had one night here before traveling back home. Very nice hotel, clean, friendly service, great rooms. The continental &quot;free&quot; breakfast was fantastic; one of the best ones out of all the hotels we stayed at during our two week vacation. The price at this hotel was great too. Would definitely stay at again if ever back in this area.	
Mar 5 2008 	Great quiet hotel for business travelers!	It is the first time I stay at a Wingate! I will come back!What a great concept! From the design, to the amenities; everything was terrific. I love the All inclusive rate concept.... free breakfast, free internet, free smile at front desk.... love it!Amazing service; the staff was very attentive to my every need!The shower heads in the rooms are awesome; I have to ask the hotel if Wingate sells them to the public online. I also wanted to point out that people coming to Las Vegas for business purposes, will find this hotel a great to escape from the crowds, noise and casinos. This hotel is only 10 minutes from airport, and 15-20 to the strip.As you can tell, I was impressed! I recommend!!! Great hotel for a picky french traveler!	
Mar 2 2008 	Quiet convenient non-gaming hotel - ideal for biz travelers!	Stayed late October to early November of 2007 for 5 days on a business trip.This is a decently built Wyndham property similar in setup to a Springhill Suites by Marriott. It has great (but essentials only) amenities like a business center (2 Dell computers, and a full-size copy/fax/printer by Konica), exercise/weight room, sundries/convenience store, and outdoor pool. The structure is 4 stories tall; the room alignment is straight (in-line) with interior hallways/corridors. There are 2 elevators, and two sets of interior stairways. The hotel rooms face either Southeast (even-numbered rooms) or Northwest (odd-numbered rooms). The lobby is large and welcoming, and the hotel’s meeting rooms are all on the main floor for easy access. Parking is ample, and available on both the front and back sides of the hotel. The entire building is non-smoking and non-gaming.Access to this property is quite easy from I-215. The Pecos Rd/St. Rose Pkwy exit is recommended, as Eastern Ave is the main shopping street and it gets backed up easily, causing minor delays due to the number of traffic lights involved. If done purposefully, the trip to either the LVCC, McCarran airport, or “The Strip” takes less than 15 minutes. The front desk staff is young, but friendly. “No” is not in their vocabulary, and all reasonable requests are met with zero hassle. As a side note, this hotel has 1 jacuzzi suite, located on the main (1st) floor – good luck booking that one, as it’s usually reserved way in advance, and people have a tendency to “stay over” their initial booking dates for this room. (That was the problem I experienced on this visit.) They acted quickly to resolve the “stay over” issue with my reserved Jacuzzi suite, and put me into a 1-bedroom suite. They were also very accommodating with my request for a different room when I didn’t care for the one I was initially moved to. Management is responsive to all concerns, including housekeeping issues (like missing toiletries, unmade rooms, and inconsistent cleaning, as I experienced). All efforts were made to ensure my satisfaction.The rooms are well-appointed, with nicer quality furnishings. We prefer the 1-bedroom suites versus the standard rooms, but those are nice, too. In the suite, the bedroom is divided by a set of pocket doors. The bathroom has 2 separate doors for entry, one in the BR, one from the main room. This allows for privacy for all. The suites also have a small balcony to enjoy the weather when it’s convenient – just don’t forget to UNLOCK the door before it closes behind you! The bathroom is larger than average, with a real bathtub and multi-option showerhead. Some nice touches include Neutrogena toiletries, a night-light, and a hair dryer that isn’t wall-mounted. The bed is comfortable, with super-fluffy pillows and quality linens. The funky clock radio next to the bed has some pretty cool features like portable MP3 player connector and “fall asleep to music” option. The bright blue backlight might drive you insane at night, though.Suites have a desk, couch, chair w/ottoman, side tables, coffee table, dining table w/4 chairs, mini-fridge, wet bar, microwave, and coffee maker. There’s lots of lights/lamps to pick from to select the right illumination for your needs. The closet, located inside the entryway, has ample storage, with 8 to 10 hangers, a shelf w/an extra pillow and blanket, ironing board w/ iron, an electronic safe. Climate controls are in both the bedroom and main room, with separate HVAC’s for each one. There is also a TV in each room, with a chest of drawers underneath for storage. Bring your DVD player and RCA connector cables, as there are connections on the side of the TV for Video and Audio (RCA jacks for video and audio, and the audio input has separate Left and Right for stereo sound). Amenities include an expanded continental breakfast, with a couple of hot items such as eggs and sausage/bacon, and other staples like bagels, waffles, yogurt, cereal, etc. The coffee is Wolfgang Puck’s brand, and there are usually six different types to choose from. The juice machine has EXCELLENT juices, like real orange juice and cranberry juice. If you need to compute during your stay, Internet access is free, and available in wireless form all over the hotel; in the rooms you can connect directly via hardline (Ethernet cable).Speeds are excellent, and service is consistent.The area immediately around the hotel is mostly devoid of amenities, but the Post Office, HealthSouth rehab center, St. Rose Hospital, convenience store (Seven Hills Chevron), and restaurant at the front of the property (Seven Hills Bar &amp; Grill) are there if you need them. A short drive up the hill to Eastern Ave will lead you to some great restaurants and shopping. If you have a GPS or navigation unit, bring it and use it – the side streets will get you there faster when traffic gets hairy on Eastern. This hotel is also amazingly convenient to the Henderson Executive Airport.HOTEL TIPS:- Go early to breakfast when staying over a weekend – it gets crowded and noisy in the later hours.- Book WAY IN ADVANCE if you want the Jacuzzi suite. Call before arrival to ensure it’s available and no one is “staying over” their reservation dates.- The top floors offer great views; Northwest faces “The Strip” and has great nighttime views (just ignore the parking lot lights out front). Southeast faces the mountains and offers great sunrises. ?- Park in back. Less traffic, less chance for damage. Easy access thru back doors or side doors.- As usual, check out the hotel’s website before you travel. It will always have additional information not covered in a review.GENERAL TIPS:- If you like sushi, I mean if you REALLY like sushi, go up the street to Sushi Club on Eastern Ave, just North of Horizon Ridge Pkwy. All-you-can-eat sushi for $15 (lunch) or $20 (dinner)! If you’ve eaten at the Sushi Club in Reno, then this restaurant should be familiar – they’re owned and run by the same great family. I was shocked to find this place in Henderson, and there’s no way I’d eat at a casino when this place is nearby. BTW, the fish is excellent here – it’s fresh, well stored, properly handled, and cut masterfully. I can’t say enough good things about Sushi Club. Try the Godzilla Roll.- Wal-Mart is off of Eastern and I-215 if you need anything from them. However, a closer place that’s less crowded is Kmart, at Eastern &amp; Horizon Ridge Pkwy – just a few blocks East of the hotel. Trader Joe’s is also in that center, and they’ve got a great selection of wine, beer, and other food items. Their packaged meals are excellent, and can be a convenient way to eat well without spending a lot of dough. Perfect for a quick picnic lunch for that 1/2 –hour trip to the Hoover Dam.- If you like wine, you can’t go wrong with Lee’s Discount Liquors at the Northwest corner of Eastern &amp; Sunridge Heights Pkwy. Their wine selection is fantastic, and all adult beverages are priced inline with the typical discount liquor stores.- There’s a Lowe’s Home Improvement store at Eastern &amp; St. Rose Pkwy should you have a need for hardware or tools during your stay.----------------	
Feb 12 2008 	Share your breakfast with the homeless here!!	This was my first time staying at a Wingate property. This property is eight months old, so the rooms were in good condition, though the pillows are cheap quality and uncomfortable.The &quot;free&quot; breakfast included with the room rate is similar to that found at other mid-priced hotel chains that offer a complimentary breakfast buffet to paying guests. The key words here are &quot;paying guests.&quot; It was absolutely disgusting to see what goes on in this property's buffet area, which is adjacent to the front desk, so there is no excuse of management in pretending not to notice. If you don't mind sharing your &quot;free&quot; breakfast with the homeless folks who wander in, then by all means, stay here. If you don't mind eating your breakfast with young adults who are barefoot and shirtless, then by all means, stay here. The breakfast employee was oblivious, though she was generous enough to hand out ziploc bags to the homeless so they can empty out the buffet and stuff it all in their bags. I inquired of the front desk staff about the situation, and was duly brushed off with a shrug of their shoulders.No wonder the room rate with the &quot;free&quot; breakfast was higher than other mid-priced properties in the Vegas area - - you will be subsidizing the homeless and the indifferent staff.	
Jan 31 2008 	Pretty Good	Flew to Vega$ to visit family and friends, and to play.Hotel is in an acceptable location for visiting friends in Henderson/Green Valley area. Checkin was easy. Very clean hotel and almost new it seems. Our king suite w/living room was very nice w/granite counters, sink, fridge, microwave, flat screen tv in living room. Bedroom had a comfy bed and another tv. Bathroom had no tub, only glass enclosed &quot;euro&quot; shower. For those that are &quot;green,&quot; the bathroom had those irritating energy saving compact fluorescent bulbs that take a while to fire up to full capacity. They also had a piece of paper with some &quot;SAVE THE ENVIRONMENT&quot; business about towel and water conservation that all the hotels seem to have nowadays. Save the environment, or save their utility bills?More importantly for me: the toilet area of the bathroom was way too dark. They need another light in the toilet area! I don't know if this is true for all the rooms, or just this configuration.Housekeeping was ok.Breakfast was just ok. The OJ was out of a fountain. The coffee was Ok. There was yogurt and fresh fruit. There was some greasy egg and cheese thing that I didn't eat along with greasy hash brown thing that I didn't eat. They had make your own waffles that were good, but I can't eat waffles more than once a week!Pool was apparently heated somewhat when I stuck my hand in, but still way too cold to be used this time of year. I say they should either heat it HOT, or close the pool for the season. No inbetween stuff! I can't say anything about the jacuzzi, because I didn't examine it.All in all, I would stay here again.	
Dec 18 2007	Nice place away from the insanity of the Strip	We chose the Wingate in Henderson for its proximity to St. Rose Hospital, where a friend was critically ill. I'm not sure what other reason would compel you to stay in Henderson, but if you do, this is a great place. Actually, I could see it as a decently-priced sanctuary from the noise and glitz. The rooms were large and comfortable, staff was friendly and helpful and it had a very nice breakfast (fresh fuit, juices, waffles, eggs, bacon, etc) included in the price. The room had a coffee maker and fridge--and a comfortable reading chair. The beds were really comfy, too.All in all, if you are a business traveler or just want some quiet (there is no casino in the hotel), this will be a good choice.	
Nov 15 2007 	I normally stay at 4 Star hotels but this hotel met my expectation	I stayed at this hotel during the week of Comdex. Most of the hotels I wanted to stay at were booked or way too expensive for our budget.Wingate is new, clean and has a modern decor. I especially like the down comforter bed.The &quot;odd&quot; number rooms faces &quot;St. Rose Blvd&quot; and has a view of the Vegas Strip. However, the &quot;odd&quot; number rooms can be noisy especially if you have a &quot;Balcony Suite.&quot;The &quot;Even&quot; number rooms faces the back side, away from the busy streets. This is the quieter side, but you only get a view of the parking lot.There is complimentary breakfast, the food is not that great, but as a traveler, I still appreciate anything complimentary such as internet and breakfast.	
Nov 6 2007 	My expectations were definitely met!	I had a wonderful stay at this hotel. I needed a hotel to stay at in Henderson that looked comfortable and had free wi-fi. I wasn't interested in staying at a casino, and this was a perfect fit. The hotel still has its &quot;Now Open&quot; signs on there, and it really looked brand new inside there.The room was impeccably clean. I had a comfortable king-sized bed. They had a neat alarm-clock where you could connect your iPod to. The wi-fi connection was fast. The complimentary breakfast was served from 7 to 10, and they had hash browns, sausage, and scrambled eggs. They had a waffle station there, and muffins, and cereal. All great stuff. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I'll keep the Wingate in mind next time I go to Henderson.	
Oct 21 2007 	New hotel great price excellent free breakfast...	We stayed at this hotel because of it's price and close proximity to our family in the area. For what you pay, which isn't much in relation to other hotels in the area, this hotel is an excellent deal. The hotel was just opened in June 2007 and the rooms don't disappoint. Fabulously comfortable beds with soft linens, roomy bathrooms with granite countertops. comfy armchairs with ottomans to relax in...I could go on and on. We had good wireless internet in our room and enjoyed the free breakfast served downstairs. They have all the typical cold stuff, but also eggs, bacon and hash browns and waffle makers for you to make your own fresh waffles. I can't say enough good things about this hotel, the staff are incredibly friendly and helpful and it is such a good value. The only negative I could find would be that the doors to the rooms are very noisy, you can hear your neighbours doors being closed because they are so heavy. Other than that, great hotel!	
Oct 17 2007 	Great Newly Built	The Wingate in Henderson, NV was newly built and opened in June, 2007. The hotel staff were very courteous. Being new, the room was in excellent condition. They have a contemporary chocolate brown and sky blue theme throughout the hotel. Granite countertops and bathtub walls adorned the bathroom. Free Wi-Fi, decent TV channel selection, microwave, mini-fridge, comfortable beds, and spectacular fourth floor view of Las Vegas and the strip made for a very pleasant stay. For the green-conscious guests, the Wingate also uses fluorescent bulbs. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.	
Sep 30 2007 	Good value for business class hotel away from the strip	I was pleasantly surprised when I walked into the lobby. Wingate seems similar in class to Marriott Courtyard/Hilton Garden, but I found it more upscale with contemporary furnishings in both the lobby and rooms. It was very clean. Bathrooms have granite countertops and Neutrogena bath products. Nice chair and ottoman in the room, along with a desk. They have a business center (really two internet kiosks) in a small room off the lobby - the rooms also have both free wired and wireless internet access. They offer a free hot continental breakfast - waffles, eggs, sausage, bagels, muffins, juice, cereal, yogurt, coffee with flavored cream. There is also a small frig. and a coffeemaker in the room and a sundry shop. No room service and no in-room movies. Many restaurants and stores within a mile or two from the hotel. The strip is several miles away. The only downside was that the doors to the rooms make a lot of noise,when closing, no matter how quiet you might try to be.	
Sep 21 2007 	Vegas Gem	Great non casino hotel. Safe for the kids. New,clean and great staff	
