	Great place to stay	My balcony overlooked the Vegas strip; the room had a full-functional kitchen with dishes, appliances, etc.; the tub was also a jacuzzi, the shower had a rain shower; the bed was extremely comfortable; the staff was friendly; location was great; the Ghostbar; Little Buddha (sushi place); playboy club; Rain; Moon; everything was spectacular!	
Nov 22 2009 	The Best Stay Ever	Palms Place is one of the best places we have ever stayed. We stayed in a 1 bedroom condo and I must say the condo was exactly as pictured on the website. The staff is friendly and the spa was absolutely wonderful. I have stayed at all the finest hotels on the strip and this place really can give them all a run for their money.	
Nov 18 2009 	Poor service	We had a 90 minute wait for our room, despite showing up after check in time. Fair enough, this can happen. The front desk was vague on the hotel's amenities and offerings. After getting no call about the room, I went to inquire and surprisingly the room was now free. We were offered bell service with our luggage, and after waiting one hour and 2 calls to the desk, we finally received our luggage. We got a 1 bedroom suite and it was spacious and well appointed. The supposed VIP passes to clubs is a farce. We had to pay for a VIP pass to all clubs, whereas with Caeser's and other big hotels, they look after guests with free entry into their clubs. The people attending the clubs are young and trashy, no sense of style, dress wise or dancing wise. You could find this type of club anywhere in outback AUS or USA. The pool is quite small and just has people lounging around drinking cans of beer and smoking in the pool. Yuck!This is the first time we have stayed off the strip in Vegas, and won't do it again. The strip is where it is happening and you get a better class of guests in the bigger hotels.Disappointed in the Palms Place, it lacked service and professionalism, and seemed to be run on skeleton staff.	
Nov 7 2009 	We liked it better than the Bellagio ! ! !	We stayed at the Palms Place for 2 nights after staying at the Bellagio for 2 nights and liked it a LOT better. The room was HUGE ! It had everything you'd ever want and need. The bathroom was INCREDIBLE ! Very large jacuzzi tub and shower. Fully stocked kitchen including dishes, dish washer, garbage disposal, ice maker and microwave. The decor was so modern and funky ! It had all the comforts of home. The balcony was awesome with great views. we would definitely stay here again	
Nov 3 2009 	Fun place but not a 5 star hotel	This hotel had a really fun pool area, bars, casino, etc. The room was ok, there are nicer places in Vegas, but it was kept clean. The room was ok, and so was the food. Prices were also good. However, the hotel isn't located directly on the strip. We took taxi's around everywhere anyways, so it wasn't really a problem for us. But for others, it could be. Restaurants were ok and we were satisfied with the room. All in all a fun weekend!	
Oct 30 2009 	fabulous place!	It´s a fantastic place. The room is amazing with 2 LDC TV in front of the (very very big) bed. There is another LCD TV in the bathroom. You can watch TV while is relaxing in the bathtub.The view from the room is fabulous. I advice to take a high floor to get a nice view.The service is perfect too and the food is great although it was expensive. It´s better eat outside the hotel.The high tecnology in the hotel is very impressive from the elevators to the scalators that connect the casino to the hotel.It was a dream stay in this hotel. I hope come back some day.	
Oct 26 2009 	Prefer the Signature Palms Place ok but not amazing	Beautiful rooms and facility, hotel staff was very good, professional. Housekeeping had not removed food from previous guest, bed was not made up right, some things falling apart/not working, loud noises from plumbing (?), hotel pool was not very warm and closed early, I was charged a $30 fee just to use sauna/gym, room service breakfast was very good but took over an hour to receive. I would recommend based on the ambience but this place needs a little fine tuning before I would return. If you do go, use the self service parking and be sure to ask the concierge to add you to the guest list for the ghostbar as that's worth a visit (go early when the bar opens to avoid a crowd)	
Oct 22 2009 	Amazing Honeymoon will never forget!	We spent 3 nights at Palms Place. I had been emailed an offer to upgrade to a 1 bedroom suite, which we took advantage of and i'm so glad we did!! We had an amazing suite, it was huge! And two balconies. one which looked over the vegas strip, this view was amazing at night! Everything in the room was huge, the bed, the shower, the sofa the list goes on. How can i forget the JACUZZI BATH in the bedroom, you could sit in the bath and look out at the view of vegas - just so cool!The hotel was very modern, it had a spa which we got complimentary use of one morning. Not a a huge spa, but had all the amenities you could need, free soft drinks, juice and tea too.All the staff were very friendly.We didn;t get breakfast included in our stay but if you get the tunnel to the neighbour Palms hotel, there is a buffee breakfast there which was resonably priced, all you can eat!The pool area was also lovely, lots of cabanas, a small bar, and funky background music.The only thing i could fault was that we had to get taxi's to and from the strip. And taxi's in vegas are not cheap. The taxi drivers will take you as longer way as possible. Also taxi's won't just drop you off anywhere, only at hotel's. The closest to the Palms is the ballagio, so ask for a taxi there to get to the strip.It was a great start to our honeymoon and I would definatley love to stay here again!	
Oct 8 2009 	Palms Place Won Me Over	I go to Vega about twice per year for pleasure. I have never stayed at the Palms before and I have to admit, they have won me over from the MGM. The Palms Place does not have a casino on premise but does have a covered walk to the Palms casino (est. 5 minutes). The rooms were spacious and most have great views of the skyline. One reason is that they are not right on top of another casino. The pool is smaller than most but offers great service and a beautiful scenery. The pool wasn't crowded when we were there on a Sunday and we were able to stay in a cabana free of charge for the day. Great staff and clean.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Hotel...if you're young and beautiful	Hotel is full of &quot;beautiful&quot; people. Young, skinny, bikini clad girls hang out by the pool. Rooms are swank and chic...bathroom is elegant, with marble hot tub, glass enclosed shower and toilet area. Flat screen in the bathroom! You can watch from the tub. White down comforters feel amazing and the balcony is also nice. I love the fact that it has a living room area, complete with sectional, and glass coffee table. Two huge flat screens in the room, with a kitchenette. Rooms are pretty much awesome. Pool is great, just wish it didnt close so early. Hotel is connected to The Palms hotel by a long walk way, so you have access to both hotels' restaurants and casinos. I recommend using the pool and hanging out at The Palms. More action there. The only thing that's annoying is that they charge $30 a day to use their gym. This would be great if you wanted to spend the day using the sauna, hot tub, etc., but if you just want to use the elliptical for 45 minutes, not practical. Also, hotel is not on the main Vegas strip, but there is alot happening at The Palms..so you won't feel out of the loop.	
Oct 8 2009 	Had a great time...	Had a great stay at Palms Place... Would recomend it to anyone looking for some great night life and relaxation!!	
Sep 14 2009 	If You Build It...	Decided to give the Palms Place a try because hadn't been to Vegas in over 10 years. Wanted to go with the family, not a huge gambler, so we didn't want to stay on the Strip. If you want the action of the Strip, don't stay here as there is no Casino in the Hotel and is a pretty good distance from the Strip. The Palms Casino is right next door, which you can use the tube to get back and forth if you really have to fulfill your gambling fix. I booked a Studio, but asked for a complimentary upgrade as I was renewing my wedding vows. They obliged. A bottle of champagne and cherries were also sent up to my room, which was a nice surprise. The room was much better than expected. Quite spacious, whirpool bath, beautifully built bathroom with shower, of course, guest bathroom, washer and dryer, which I utlized to the fullest, full kitchen, huge patio on the 51st floor with a great view of the strip. Did I mention the Whirlpool Bath?However, with the good there is usually a little bad. For whatever reason, Palms Place feels that they need to charge you $100 a day for incidentals. $100 a day???? This we were not informed of until we checked in so I had to fork over a $500 hold which could have put a serious damper on your vacation spending if you didn't have it. Wireless Internet is not free. $14.99 a day for the connection, when I balked on that, I was then told of signing up with BOINGO for my stay which was $21.99 for a month and there would be access with it at the Hotel, but if you check BOINGO out you would see that it is a ripoff as well. I passed on both. Used my Blackberry for Internet access and was just fine. The staff was nice and the valet's knew you by name, when you parked there, but if you didn't and utilized the free parking, which I didn't do much since I rented a Benz, they kind of forgot your name. The Cable channels were extremely limted for some reason, and to make matters worse, the first two nights I was there it wasn't functioning properly because of COX cable...so I was told. since I didn't come to Vegas to watch TV, I can give them a pass I guess. There is an automatic $1 a day phone charge, whether you use the phone or not. Talk about nickel and diming you. I would rather them charge you whatever from the get go and then have a clean slate unless you buy a pay per movie, make a long distance call or damage the room or steal the robes. Overall, I was pleased with my stay and would return again, especially if I can get another free upgrade!	
Sep 14 2009 	Hot nights at Palms Place	We had a fabulous time at Palms Place Las Vegas last February. We asked for a room with a view and got a 17th story room facing the strip. The room was perfect, just as depicted on the website. We felt like we had our own LV condo for 3 nights! It was so cool, and I absolutely love the ultra modern, clean design of the furniture and building decor. The room had everything we needed, and everything worked well. We didn't get room service, but did eat at Simon's restaurant three times in the three days we were there. Each time was great, the staff at Simon's were super friendly, and we even met Simon himself twice. The food was fresh and innovative. Next time we go to LV we will definitely stay at the Palms Place again. So much less frouo-frou than so much available on the strip.!	
Sep 12 2009 	Wonderful hotel - too bad it's so far off the strip.	4 of us traveled to Vegas and stayed in a one-bedroom suite. The suite was amazing. Huge, beautiful rooms, great bathroom (there's only 1.5 in the one-bedroom suite, unlike the Signature at MGM Grand which gives you 2) amazing view of the Rio and strip. The walk to The Palms casino is very easy through the skywalk, and there are some great bars and clubs in The Palms. The Palms Place pool is laid back, which is just how I like it. It's nice to go to a swanky hotel in Vegas with great service and not have to deal with a casino every time you want to go in and out of the hotel. But the casino is conveniently close to the hotel. My only complaint is that it is pretty far off the strip, so if you want to go anywhere else, you need to cab it.	
Sep 9 2009 	Amazing Room - Hot 	As promised by all previous reviews, the rooms at Palms Place are amazing. My husband and I rented directly through an owner to guarantee our 27th floor full strip view, and it delivered in every way (on a sidenote it was also our second time working through an owner directly for vacation accomodations, and another positive experience and great deal versus booking through the hotel directly).Having visited Vegas several times before, my husband and I weren't worried about being slightly off strip - though the cab bills did add up over the course of the long weekend - so just something to factor into overall budget versus being more centrally located.A couple things that make me reluctant to stay here again: first would be the very young crowd - my husband and I are in our late twenties so are by no means old, but found ourselves overrun by 21-year old groups of guys and girls on the prowl..I was expecting a young, hip crowd, but this was almost too much at times. (This could have been more of an issue versus other times of year, as it was Labour Day weekend..)Second thing that would deter us from staying here again: staff. We had some great experiences with the bell boys, but also some pretty snotty experiences by staff at Simon restaurant and room service (sidenote: our room service table stayed outside our room door for a day and half after we ordered a meal - even with calling down..).All in all, this hotel delivers the trendy boutique hotel vibe in spades, the rooms themselves are amazing, and staff are somewhat hot/cold - but we aren't the type of people to let that affect our stay, so overall we really enjoyed ourselves at Palms Place. Next time, we may return to Signature at MGM instead - felt we had a better overall experience there.	
Aug 20 2009 	A Perfect Mix of Relaxation and Excitement	My wife and I stayed at Palm's Place for 3 nights between 08/10 and 08/14. It was our first trip to Las Vegas and I feel we chose a perfect place to stay. I had a bit of a concern with it not being right on the strip but that turned out to be a positive. For one the view cannot be beat. We had a corner, strip-view, one-bedroom suite and it was amazing- just like the picture on their website, maybe even better. Also, to be quite honest it was nice to be in such a hip and mellow atmosphere all while being close but not right in the middle of all the chaos of the strip. Just be prepared to get cabs when you do want to go to the strip, but in the August heat you most likely need cabs to get from point-to-point on the strip regardless.My favorite aspects of this property are the pool, Simon Restaurant, and of course the rooms. The pool is great and I am not really a pool person. It is very laid back with a great staff. Simon is just a great restaurant with a perfect atmosphere. The rooms are everything you could ask for including a balcony and jetted tub.It is also nice to be close to the Palms via an air conditioned walkway. Palms has some very good restaurants such as N9ne, which we enjoyed very much. I would have liked to also have tried Little Buddha but did not have time. The clubs in the Palms are also a great attraction. Playboy Club has an awesome view and Moon is an experience in itself.All-in-all, Palm's Place is definitely a place I would recommend to anyone and I wish I was back there relaxing by the pool right now.	
Aug 18 2009 	Celebrity Chic	I was at the Plams Place for two weeks in Jul 09. I travelled for the World series of Poker, but I went with my wife who spent a lot of time at the pool and spa!One of the best things about Palms Place is the fact that it's slightly tucked away from all the Vegas madness off the strip. Despite being a large Vegas hotel it still somehow managed to retain a boutqiue hotel vibe. It's probably both of these things that continue to attract the celebs.We stayed in a Studio Suite on the 38th floor. We had an amazing strip view looking back over the main Palms Hotel and Casino. The room was everything we needed. We were initially going to upgrade to a one bed suite but they didn't have one with a strip view. The Stuido Suite was plenty big enough and the large wet room with multiple showers and jakuzzi bath really hit the spot.Service was mostly excellent. Even when they screwed up by waking us up at 4am with someone elses room service order, they made up for it the following day by sending a big basket up.The pool area (on the 6th floor) at the Palms Place retained the boutique vibe being relatively small but not too overcrowded. The spa was also great.The Palms Place is ajoined to the main casino by a moving walkway but it only takes a few minutes to travel between the two.The only other place I've stayed at in Vegas is the MGM, which I really likes. Other places I'd imagine likeing would be the Bellagio, the Encore (Wynn) and the Palazzo (Venitian), but I'm not sure if their luxury could make up for how much I enjoyed being slightly away from the strip. We will definately only ever be staying at the Palms Place in the future.	
Jul 25 2009	Nice little surprise	We stayed in room 31-306 which had a King bed with a pull out double size sofa bed. (all one large room)The sofa was actually a sectional. This hotel/condo/spa had a soft opening in Feb. 08 and an actual opening of May 08. So it is fairly new. It has a very modern decor.(we stayed mid July 09)We booked The Palms hotel for a double deluxe and were told that we had been moved to the Palms Place instead,which turned out to be really nice.Our room had a huge balcony over looking the strip area(in the distance). Beautiful view.Had a full kitchen with a Sharp microwave,Fisher Payal dishwasher drawer,GE monogram bottom half frig for guest use and the top had pre stocked items Bar Tech brand,Gaggenau 2 burner stove, dishes,glassware,etc.,blender,toaster,stainless steel sink,dish towels and pot scrubber.In room High speed intrnet access is $14.99/day for 24hrs. per room per laptop. Wired is provided or wireless.2 Panasonic flat screen TV's in room,has sleep timer, but couldn't make them work.The bathroom is huge. Has a seperate toliet room, 1 sink, and a rain shower stall with the bath tub inside the shower area. The bath products supplied were Aveda. Lotion,shampoo, and conditioner,body wash, and bar soap. Axe body spray. Very nice smell. There is a tv in the bathroom as well.There is a small store in the lobby area that sells snacks,drinks,newspapers,etc.There is Simon Restaurant and Rojo lounge in the hotel/condo or in room dining.The pool is on the 6th floor. There is self or valet parking available.I pushed the housekeeping button on the phone and it went to the front desk, I was asking for a blanket for the sofa bed and they said no problem. After going to a show and 3-4 hrs. later,no blanket. I called again and no explanation, it came in about 20 min. This was very poor service.The book/manual in room says they have turn down service,NO service done either night.There is a fitness center which costs $30.00 access fee which is in the spa on the 6th floor.There is Kids Quest in The Palms hotel near the food court,open 7 days per week. ages 6weeks to 12 yrs. old. They have hourly group babysitting.A complimentary USA Today was delivered to the door on Monday.(service is only M-F)There is a climate controlled Sky Tube(moving walkway) to take you to The Palms hotel/casino.Within The Palms is a few restaurants and a movie theatre.The Palms Place is a nice quiet location. If you want action go to a strip hotel or perhaps The Palms.Check out is at 11am.If the price was right I would stay here again.	
Jul 23 2009 	Awesome; Fabulous; Brilliant - Simply the Best !	We returned home dejected a few days ago. Sad at leaving such an awesome place ! We've just read damnlisa's review and agree with almost all of it apart from the price of a cab ! We won't split hairs other than to say we never paid as much as $15 for a cab to the strip ! I’ll start by saying that we were delighted with everything about our stay at Palms Place. All the staff we came into contact with were 1st class and are a credit to the hotel. They could also teach some of the staff in the other hotels a thing or two about courtesy. Check in was the easiest we've experienced anywhere we've ever been (and we've been around the block ! !); housekeeping were discreet and meticulous (a newspaper was delivered early every morning and we never heard a thing !); porters were similarly discreet and incredibly friendly and respectful. The decor is dark throughout the reception, lobby, lift landings and corridors leading to the rooms. This took us a little by surprise but coming in from the glare outdoors, we very quickly came to appreciate and indeed welcome, this almost film noir atmosphere. It was incredibly relaxing.We stayed in a one bedroom suite, which looks simply stunning in the website pictures. We thought they were too good to be true but our suite was exactly like the images and we spent our first half hour taking pictures and video ! ! It felt so homely that it was actually like owning our own place right there in Las Vegas. Our shower was almost as big as our bathroom at home ! With 3 shower heads, it was an experience all of its own. A lovely tub in the bedroom, with a view over the outskirts of the city to the hills, offered a cosy and romantic alternative. A fully equipped kitchen with washing machine, dryer, dishwasher, microwave, hob, fridge and freezer also awaits. An enormous bed that could have comfortably accommodated another 6 people adorned the bedroom, along with a good sized (42&quot;) plasma. There was a further $2&quot; plasma in the lounge and a 19&quot; in the bathroom - not that we really watched much TV of course ! ! !Our suite (27321) was on the opposite side of the building from the Strip. Okay so we missed out on the complete view but with 2 balconies to choose from, we at least had options. Our smaller balcony had an uninterrupted view from the Bellagio south to the mountains, and we had the sun on our main balcony until it set behind the hills to the west. With the highest temperatures around 5pm, it meant we could retire to our suite when the sun no longer reached the pool area, and catch the last of it from the seclusion of our balcony. The pool itself is cosy and much quieter than the pool at the Palms, which to be honest was full of posers, wanna-be's and attitude anyway ! The water is fairly shallow so it's very child friendly and at one point, the only folk in the water were us and a certain Lou Diamond Philips and his daughter. The pool bar is great and again, the staff were very attentive and friendly, although the drinks prices can be a bit on the high side. Palms Place doesn’t have its own Casino which means it’s so much quieter than the other big hotels in Las Vegas. However, a lazy 5 minute trip along the air-conditioned Skywalk moving walkway and you’re in the Palms, with its Casino, cinema, food court, restaurants, bars, clubs and pool. Everything you want from being in this city is right here in one place, if you don’t want to leave the complex. But come on – you don’t go to Las Vegas to stay in your hotel. Even if it’s as great as this place ! The Strip is around 20 minutes walk away, but if you're feeling lazy or it's too hot, it's only a 5 minute cab ride. Palms Place is at the same latitude on the Strip as Caesar's and Bellagio, so it’s pretty well central. We took the cab there and just walked up and down the rest of the Strip. Okay so the heat can be oppressive but hey, if you can't stand the heat - don't go to Las Vegas in the first place ! We walked a lot and just ducked into the numerous hotels and stores to cool off in the A/C everywhere we went.There are some pretty awesome eateries in the Palms complex to choose from, ranging in price to suite most budgets. Outside, there's a great TGI Friday's just over the road, whereas 200 yards up the road in the opposite direction, you'll find a Starbucks and a Subway, all of which offer cheaper alternatives again to the hotel restaurants for the more cost conscious. Before we booked, we looked at lots of other “top” hotels, scouring the pictures of rooms to see what our hard-earned overdraft would buy us ! Many of these expensive hotels charge far more, simply for the convenience of being on the Strip. But on paper at least, we didn’t feel that they matched the quality or the size of the rooms in the Palms Place. Ultimately, and at the risk of sounding like a snob, we wanted to escape from the &quot;Benidorm Crowd&quot; and the polyester football shirt brigades that are everywhere these days. So we paid more than we needed to, to stay somewhere special. Palms Place ticked all our boxes, as there was none of the above to spoil our experience. No loud drunks, no disturbances, no dawn-raiders laying towels on the pool-loungers, and none of the kind of tourists that get UK travellers such a bad reputation. It was a sanctuary - somewhere quiet where we could escape from the busy Strip after a long day. All in all, this was easily the finest hotel we've stayed at and we'll have no hesitation in recommending it to others. We intend to go back to Las Vegas, and when we do, Palms Place is the only place we'll even consider staying.	
Jul 12 2009 	Simply great!	Great value, great stay, great service...great room, very nice bathroom (standing shower with rain shower, hand held shower head, and a large whirlpool style bathtub. Very nice view. Very comfortable king size bed with very nice bedding. Small kitchenette, no less. Two huge flat screen TV's...not that you go to Las Vegas to watch TV. A really great room and very good bathroom.Service staff very good and very helpful. I say that having worked in the hospitality business internaationally for over 20 years. Location is not on the Strip but has its own attractions and is so close to the Strip to be almost walk-able. Almost. The only disappointment was the loud throbbing music one had to endure while having breakfast in the restaurant. Still, a great place to stay!Highly recommended. Wonderful resort style Hotel. Very good service. Very good value for money too.	
Jul 10 2009 	The hippest joint in town.	Stayed at the Palms Place in conjunction with attending the National Hockey League Awards show. This was the third time we've stayed there and there's no mistaking why we do. Room are beautifully appointed (2 flat screens, waterfall shower, balcony) and you're both far away and close to the larger Palms resort. A walkway connects the two properties (5 minute walk) and for those not in the 20-something crowd, you're better served at the quieter, cooler and smaller Palms Place. The Rojo Lounge in the lobby is a small bar good for kanoodling and people watching and the Rojo cocktail is a fun drink.	
Jun 28 2009 	BEST room shower pool. Head shop 	I love The Palms. Now, I love The Palms Place.We stayed in room 21308, which was a HUGE modern studio with a view of the entire strip. We never closed the drapes b/c the view was so spectacular and no one could see into our room anyway. We had a small full kitchen with a 30 second heat up stove top, fully stocked minifridge and another minifridge with an ice maker. There was a dishwasher, full sink with a modern fixture and spout head. Plates, cups and bowls included. Big microwave but no oven. All in stainless steel.We had a HUGE bathroom. There was a small television so you could watch television while soaking in the deep tub. The shower had two heads: one above from the 10 foot high ceiling like a rainfall and one handheld one you could also use. This is great for anyone whose taller than 5'8&quot; (5'8&quot; is the standard Vegas shower height). The sink was one of the bowl basins. The BEST part about the bathroom and kitchen is that the hot water turns on immediately at warm/hot.The floors were marble in the kitchen and bath and hardwood in the living/sleeping area. The ceilings were at least 10 feet high making the room seem even larger.The pool was closed due to &quot;inclement weather.&quot; I learned this happens every day around 2:30pm b/c the building and pool location was not well designed so that you would have any sunlight after 2:30pm in the pool area (instead the pool hides in the shadow of the building itself). HOWEVER...The pool at Palms Casino is available and the best in Vegas hands down. It's got a good mix of people. This means you will of course see the Los Angeles bimbos with fake books busting out of their dental floss outfits and hooker heels, and who are stupid enough to think any man would bring that sort of stripper look home to their mother. There are the muscle testosterone MMA fighter looking men with tatoos. But the crowd is mainly made-up of people in their late 20s to late 30s, who are mellow and just looking to get a tan and get drunk while doing it. The cocktail waitstaff girls are hit or miss. You'll either get someone sweet, wonder, fast, attentive to both men and women (Sam was our favorite), or the occasional hard edged [ --XXXXX-- ]that only serve men who will appreciate their fake boobs.The casino is pretty good. It's one of the few with $5 tables for the novice, which I love. I won $300 at a $5 crap table on one roller. My husband won $90 at a $0.25 slot machine. Enough said.There's a Sonic across the street for an awesome slushie during the 100+ degree weather. There's a shopping plaza across the street that has a 24 hour deli as well as a head shop/smoke shop if you smoke.The people who work at The Palms Place (not the Palms) are VERY gracious. You give them 25 cents as a tip and they thank you profusely. Very humble, good honest people.I liked returning to The Palms Place, away from all the nightclub junkies &amp; Eurotrash and all their flamable clothing, hair and two pounds of make-up. Check-in was super easy. FYI: I got a deal on Travelocity for $149 per night plus a $20 off Travelocity coupon.CONS: A lot of things were broken. The hair dryer was broken. One of the tall lamps were broken. The quick dial keys to get messages, or call any of the departments (like housekeeping, room service, etc..) were broken. The internet connection program is broken ( you have to log in a couple times before it works and then again if you get back on your machine; this results in several charges that need to be removed before you check-out). The location kind of sucks. It costs at minimum of $15 to get to the strip and other high end hotels.	
Jun 22 2009 	Simply GREAT!	Palms Place Hotel &amp; Spa was wonderful! It's not located on the strip but close enogh for a quick taxi ride there. Service was awesome and the hotel in itself was great, spacous, and CLEAN! Hotel had a Skywalk escalator that took you directly to the other 2 Palms hotels witin seconds. Due to it's location, every view of Las Vegas was great Simon resturant offered great lunch and dinner along with great drinks. This was my first trip to Vegas and my hotel stay added to my wonderful weekend!	
May 20 2009 	Simply Awesome	Had my bachelor party here in a 2 bedroom suite, this place fit 8 guys comfortably!!Balconies with view of mountains and the strip! Some days we went to palms pool for the crazier scene, other days we chilled out at the palms place pool. Very quiet, never heard another visitor. three bathrooms, two kitchens, plenty of fridge room. Ipod docking stations. We rode an elevator with Jessica Simpson one day and then waited for our limo with Robin Leach another. We saw a few other reality tv stars at palms pool. Beware of the sunday brunch, 2 mimosa's &amp; 2 brunches and the bill was around 110.00 ? 127 with tip. No other complaints. Very trendy, tons of space.	
Apr 26 2009 	Nice place.	Went for a three night stag (bachelor) party in October - 18 Brits and one token American (bless!). Internet booking went okay, and I booked a room at Palms Casino itself as everyone else was booked there. However on arrival, was told they were fully booked for the weekend and they would &quot;upgrade&quot; me to a suite at Palms Place, part of the same complex but ten minutes (15 minutes after a beer or two!) across the walkway to the main hotel. I complained a bit (fool that I am) but was promised I wouldn't be disappointed. You can then imagine my surprise when I found my room on the 18th Floor of Palms Place to be a corner suite that usually retails at $2,900 a night, with massive flat screen tv's everywhere, massive lounge, kitchen, spa tub, and two balconies! Boy, did I boast to &quot;the lads&quot; that night, but then had to fight them all off from raiding the room for the rest of the stay (only joking!). Very comfortable indeed, needless to say there were parts of that suite I am sure I didn't quite get to visit during my busy stay there, it was so huge!The Palms was a great place all round, and our party hardly went to any other Las Vegas venues as the ample choice of bars, restaurants, night clubs/disco's were so great. The table staff are very friendly and competent, and we had a superb time with a couple of croupiers on blackjack, educating them on Brucie Forsyth's &quot;everyone's a winner&quot; line, that surprisingly they couldn't quite get (being non-Brits)! The Mint bar is a great place to chill after a night out, and Ghostbar too at the very top of the hotel (55th floor me thinks). We did try the Playboy Club - had to be done - but one does get absolutely ripped off on the drinks there. The Rain disco was &quot;okay&quot;. A few of us enjoyed a superb meal at N9NE steakhouse which was outstanding, otherwise being on a stag do most of my daily sustenance was catered by superb fry ups at the 24/7 Cafe which were great and of good value. The pool, both at Palms, and Palms Place (where it was quiter and more chilled out) were great.All in all, a great place for a quick visit to Vegas, and would recommend Palms to anyone.	
Apr 26 2009	Really Really Nice Hotel	We stayed in a Palms Place Two Bedroom Suite for a friends birthday! it was great perfect place for a party, lovely pool and extremely lovely rooms!..... Jacuzzi in the middle of the bedroom and spectacluar views from the Balcony's... Great Hotel! realy want to go back...!	
Apr 24 2009 	Made our wedding perfect	This hotel is fabulous. We stayed in a one bedroom suite which had floor to ceiling windows overlooking the strip. This is the first hotel I have stayed in where the rooms were actually exactly as photographed on their website! The hotel staff were exceptional and really helpful. None of our cards worked when we arrived (i had forgotten to tell the bank we were going) and they were really helpful. This hotel really has the wow factor. The Spa was lovely and simon's restaurant did the best pancakes ever! We got married during our stay and it really made the whole occasion feel extra special!!	
Apr 6 2009 	Best Hotel Stay ever in Las Vegas	I have been to Vegas over 100 times and staying at the Palms Place was the best hotel stay I have ever had. Love the smoke free environment and tight security. The suites are phenomenal. Best bathroom I have ever had in a hotel. Terrific bed. Sleek modern decor. The suite was spotless . 2 Plasma TVs. Balcony. Stainless steel kitchen area and all the amenities you could want in a room. Booked a package with the hotel that gave us access to the spa. Terrific Spa. Also got a $50 dining credit to use at the restaurant. Restaurant was very cool, and so was the company. The Band Maroon 5 was eating lunch in the restaurant at the time a few tables away. Parking was super convenient. I really have no criticism about this hotel. I guess for first time visitors they would want a hotel on the strip but it is a very short cab ride from Palms Place.	
Mar 25 2009 	One of my new Las Vegas favorites	We go to Las Vegas several times of year for meetings and conventions and have stayed just about everywhere. Palms Place is one of my new favorites. Our room was incredible, like an apartment. Very trendy and comfortable, like a W with a little kitchen, bar area, big comfy bed, seating area , two plasma tvs, awesome bathroom and shower and a great balcony and view. Loved the pool area and spa/gym. Kind of bummed we were charged $30 a day to use gym but we made good use of gym and spa. Loved taking the skywalk right into the Palms and had a great time hanging out at The Palms. I really liked not having to walk through a casino to get to and from our room. Would totally recommend for younger people, singles and couples. It was a $10 cab ride to anywhere on the Strip. We actually enjoyed not being on the Strip and were happy with everything offered between the Palms and Palms Place. We had good service everywhere we went and got an awesome room rate over the internet.	
Mar 17 2009 	The best stay we have EVER had in Vegas!	Incredible, just loved it and to top it off, the best customer service I have ever received at a hotel in Vegas. I am going back on April 30th for 4 nights. Even though the hotel is not on the strip, that adds to the appeal. I can best describe it as a vacation away from the vacation. The strip views from the hotel are amazing, what a nice change to be able to step outside on to the balcony and enjoy the surroundings.This hotel has it all. The moving walkway to the Palms casino takes minutes.	
Mar 11 2009 	BAD SERVICE	I was very disappointed in the lack of customer service provided at this hotel. My account was debited several times without notice. Stayed for 3 days and housekeeping only came once to clean our room. The robe that was in bathroom was ripped. Customer Service was not the friendliest. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone going to Vegas. I go to Vegas at least 2x’s a year, and have been to much trendier hotels in the past. Once you give this hotel access to your credit card they just go into the account whenever they feel the need, without any authorization.	
Mar 10 2009 	Beautiful rooms and great views...at a price	I was staying here for business and enjoyed myself very much. I loved how I was able to get the feeling of being in Las Vegas without being directly on the strip. The views from the tower rooms were fabulous! This hotel seems popular for the area. The room (suite) was very luxurious and the staff exceptional. My only objection would be the price, and I had a business discount! If I was looking for a room for myself I wouldn';t be staying here. but then price is important to my pocketbook -- if price isn't an issue or if you're willing to pay for security and luxury then please book a room at Palms Place!!	
Mar 5 2009 	Horrible service	Horrible service. All aspects. From doorman to front desk to laundry service to concierge to management. Slow and poor customer service skills… I am easy to please but was not please with Palms Place. I come to Vegas a lot but will never come to Palms Place again.	
Feb 20 2009 	one of the best hotels I've ever seen	I strongly suggest you to stay in this beautiful, trendy, stylish hotel. but I mostly suggest it to a young couple or a young single traveller. in my opinion it's not suitable for old couples or travellers with kids. because it's also very romantic and sexy (as hugh hefner has his suit there:))even it was not on the strip, you luckyly that amazing view of the stip and most of the other famous hotels. because it's almost in the middle of the opposite of the strip, so you can easily see everything from there. you just need a cab to get to the strip. it only takes 5 mins. by the way it was very clean, very comfortable and big (our room was a standard dbl, whish was 25 sqm) and the bathroom was a-mazing! it has tha big shower, which feels like it's raining, and a separate jakuzi.I'll definitely stay ther when I go to vegas again!	
Feb 17 2009 	The only place I'll stay in Vegas any more	We stayed in a studio apartment that was amazing. The kitchenette was fully stocked with dishes &amp; utensils &amp; such. The bathroom was luxurious with a deep, jetted tub &amp; a TV.Quick check-in &amp; check-out. Room service was pricy, but we didn't have to wait long. You can even put in a written order for breakfast on your door-know.Easy to get to Palms Casino thru sky-tube.Reasonable rates for what you get in Vegas.Not on the strip, but who cares!We almost stayed @ the Palms, but chaged to Palms Place @ the last minute &amp; I'm so glad we did. Palms Place was cheaper, too	
Jan 24 2009	An amazing place to stay	Wow, I must say, this was an awesome place to stay. The room was great and the view was fabulous. I got a great deal through a third party website that knocked some $$ off the regular room rate. As a matter of fact, I enjoyed the place so much; I had decided to stay out there one more night.All the cons I have relate to the Palms casino, not the suite I stayed in. It’s a small casino, not many table games, and it seems like they cater to all the famous people, which I am not. I think the hotel is more concerned about throwing a party for Paris Hilton than taking care of your gambling needs. It’s a bit of a distance from the strip, so walking is out of question unless you’re adventurous. I had a car so it wasn’t a big deal.The room itself is great and gives the MGM Signature a real run for its money, but if you’re looking to be closer to all the action, then I’d vote for MGM Signature or The Hotel.	
Jan 7 2009	How Sweet It Is!	All I can say is &quot;Wow!!&quot;. After a week traveling the Southwest we finished our stay here the evening before our flight left. The hotel is set apart from the Casino complex (though connected by a moving walkway), and immediately upon entering we fell into an oasis of calm. We were quickly checked into a 1 bedroom suite on the 11th floor. Pictures are posted from other reviewers, but it really doesn't do the room justice. I love the prior comment about it being a &quot;Lad's Pad&quot;, which is maybe why I loved it so much! We're talking a super comfy king bed, two huge flat screens (one with a DVD player), One and a half bathrooms, one decked out in white marble with a huge shower with rainwater and dual showerheads, a fireplace, a full kitchen, and an oversized spa tub set out right in the bedroom. And the VIEW- two balconies showcase the strip and the red rocks of Vegas. I We immediately began to chill in the room, then set out to use the spa, which was fairly basic with the exception of the Hamman (kind of like a steam room, but not as hot and with great smells). We had dinner at Nove Italiano at the Palms, where I had honestly the best steak in my life. The location is off strip, but for me this just adds to its appeal. If you want to visit the Vegas everyone else is at, just drive and park at Ceasars Palace or grab a cab; it's less than a mile away. To finish it all off, every employee we encountered was cheerful and friendly, and we did not at all feel out of place (we are about as far away from Hollywood A-list as you can get!). At 309/night, it's certainly a bit of a splurge, especially for a multi night stay, but this place rules!! Stay here!	
Jan 5 2009 	Palm Place Awesome	Stayed at the Plam Place Decemeber 24 thru 28 2008 in a 2 bedroom Suite on the 50th Floor with strip view. Accomodations where awesome.2 bedroom suite is actually a 1 bedroom which you combine with a studio suite by using a pair of doors off main floor hall to create a private entry, dont forget to tell the front desh to send up 2 door stops (you'll need them). With Combined suites You get double door entry with a private foyer, 2 kitchens ( kitchen 1 seat 4, kitchen 2 seats 2) a laundry closet stacked clothes washer and dryer, a masterbedroom with a soaking/whirlpool tub in room (masterbedroom has sliding doors that open/close to living room for privacy ). Masterbedroom has ample closet space and a makeup table for her, the master bathroom has his her sinks and walk in rain shower stall.Living room at 1 bedroom has a glass enclosed gas fire place and a powder room off the foyer, when entering the studio you get a bathroom with walkin shower stall with rain shower and a soaking tub. Total Beds: 1 king bed, 1 queen bed and 2 queen sofa beds. Suite had 3 balconies, Four 42&quot; LCD Televisons in main spaces and two 13&quot; LCD Television in 2 bathrooms.My stay was perfect, all staff were pleasant, concierge made reservations for shows and sent tickets efficiently up to room while I was out. Perfect place to stay for couples or friends, don't forget to use the spa and exercise room room on the 6th Floor.	
Dec 5 2008	Amazing stay at the Palms Place!	I had an amazing stay with my girlfriend at Palms Place hotel in Las Vegas!The rooms of this hotel are beautiful! Our room had 2 flat screen TV's, mirrored walls, comfortable beds, a frosted glass window to the bathroom and a balcony overlooking the Palms and the Las Vegas strip! We also stayed in the Fantasy Tower at the Palms, because we thought it was the place to be, but wish we didn't! The &quot;skyway&quot; literally took 2 minutes, and to stay at this hotel, it was DEFINITELY worth the 2 minutes! :) You can use the Palms pool too, if that is a deciding factor! Very friendly hotel staff, bell boys, reception, room service... they were all great! I would definitely return to this hotel, It is a great Palms/off the strip option, and is definitely underrated!	
Dec 1 2008 	Not that lucky	We are from Holland and stayed for 5 nights in this hotel. The rooms where very spacy and modern. Unfortunatly we had some problems:- the bathroom was not clean (hairs on the floor, the bath was not cleaned (even not the days during our stay))- the toilet was not flushing oke (even not after they unstopped it)- the airconditioning was too noisy, to loud for sleeping- swimmingpool closed (deu to season)- the shuttle to the strip left only two times aday (11am and 2pm) (they did not mention that anywhere in front)The good things:- the food in the restaurants was good- a nice casinoNext time we will book a hotel on the strip again.	
Nov 30 2008 	Palms Place is THE place	2nd time staying in this hotel. Loved it as much as the first time. Enjoyed a strip side 1 bedroom suite on the 32nd floor. Love the spa facilities. Very relaxing after using the gym to hang out in the lounge area and soak in the hot tub. Its a great place to stay, as you can visit the party side of the Palms Resort via the Sky Tube or jump in the car and grab some dinner off property. Great staff, always very friendly and helpful.	
Nov 28 2008 	One Complaint - We Only Stayed One Night	Only the third property I've stayed at in Vegas, but I think you'd struggle for better offers than the hotels own Sun-Thu offer that we snapped up on our stay in November.The rooms are excellent - and as they're condos they carry features that most Vegas hotels do not. (Fridge, Kettle, etc...)The rooms are great - the only complaint would be having 2 flat screen tvs of the same make, with little space between them, results in the remote controls working both tvs some of the time.There are great views to be had, and the complimentary spa admission was great for a quick visit in the morning to use the steam, sauna, etc. Easy access to great range of nightlife within the Palms, as well as having Rojo (Bar) and Simon Lounge (Food/Drink) within the Palms place tower - which were both very good.Staff were excellent throughout, and Palms Place is well worth the short journey off the strip.	
Nov 25 2008 	Lovely Modern Hotel	We flew from San Francisco to Las Vegas during our stay in the US. The hotel is quite close to the airport so the taxi drive was quite short. The hotel is a good 15-20 minute walk away from the main strip. When we got to the hotel we were greeted by a very cheerful receptionist. The lobby, hallways and rooms a very dark and air conditioned possibly to keep you cool from the Vegas scorching heat. When we entered our room we were amazed......it was huge. We had a chrome kitchen, including dishwasher, our bathroom was a wet room and also had a jacquzzi and LCD TV, the bed room had a massive king size bed with a huge sofa and 2 LCD TV's on the wall. The room has to have been designed by a man it is a complete lads pad :-) but any woman will also be delighted to stay here too. We had a balcony looking over the strip and down onto the pool which was fantastic. The great thing about the palm place is you do not have to walk through the casino to get to your room, the casino is located in the other part of the hotel, along with the fast food restaurants and cinema. The only negative about this hotel was I felt that it was so upmarket we were not worthy to be staying there. Our cab driver told us that all of the celebs hang out there at the weekends. We also noticed that lots of films had premiered there and there was shots of Brad Pitt and George Clooney on the screens entering the cinema. Overall I loved the hotel but if I go to Vegas again I will stay in the centre of the strip maybe cesars palace as I feel brave enough to embrace the whole casino scene now. Could not fault this hotel 10/10.	
Nov 16 2008 	Gorgeous!	We booked into Palms place for one night before moving on to the strip because we were impressed by their website and the price was amazing. We were not disappointed! We were upgraded to a junior suite and it was gorgeous, so spacious and had a great view of the strip. The only downfall was that our room was so good we didn't want to leave it and subsequently didn't spend any money on the casino floor. It was a bit away from the strip so if it is your first time in Vegas it is worth splitting your time, but if you want to relax and just enjoy the atmosphere it is perfect.	
Nov 13 2008 	Quiet off the strip hotel great quality	We booked the Palms Place resort for the Junior Suite that they offered and were very happy.The room, well in fact the whole hotel, was of a very high standard of quality and cleanliness. Staff on check-in were very helpful and the complimentary valet service really helped when checking in and out with all of our bags.We stayed with our 16month old daughter who loved it. The room was very quiet and the baby crib they supplied was comfortable.Just a little bit of a let down were the food options. Room service pizzas were nice but the rest of the selection wasn't very wide. Eating options in the casino itself were also pretty limited.However, had a very good stay here and would recommend it to others.	
Oct 16 2008 	Mixed Review	I selected this hotel based on the price and the positive reviews. I encountered problems from the start when I tried booking online. I didn't receive my confirmation number. My problem was solved quickly after a phone call to the hotel. The lady I spoke to was nice enough to give the number to reserve my cabana, which was part of my package. I called several times and left a message. Nobody responded. Upon arrival, I was impressed with the lobby and not having to walk through a casino. Check in was smooth, however, when I asked about the cabana, I was informed they had nothing on file and I would have go directly to the pool to make arrangements. When I went to the pool, I was informed that all the cabana's were book for the day. I went back down to the front desk to complain, where I was informed that I should have called in advance to book the cabana, (I did), and that I was already getting a great deal on the price of the room. I was not impressed with that response. I came back later to speak to someone else, hoping to get a better response. They still didn't have any sympathy for me but at least this time they were going to look into it... or so I thought. Somebody was supposed to call me back, but they never did. (We stayed there for 2 nights). I realized that I wasn't going to get anywhere with this issue, so I moved on.Nevertheless, the hotel room is one of the best I've ever seen. I love the modern look and feel. It actually isn't a hotel room but a condo. We had a awesome view facing the strip and having a balcony was unexpected. The bathroom was out of this world and having 3 LCD TV's in the room was awesome, (Two 42&quot; in the main room and a small one in the bathroom).Simon's restaurant is super first class with great food.I might give Palms Place a second chance, but I'll probably stay at another hotel on my next visit to Vegas, as I was not impressed with how the front desk handled the cabana situation.	
Oct 8 2008 	Great Getaway to Palms Place	The room was beautiful with a great view from the balcony of the Strip. Comfiest bed ever! The Hammam in the spa is a must-do, and the hotel staff was all very friendly. This is definitely off the Strip, so if you want to be able to walk out of your lobby and walk to all the other casinos, this may be too far away (short cab ride though!) We weren't very lucky in the adjacent Palms Casino, but the buffet there was delicious. If you want to get away and don't mind being off the strip, you will enjoy this hotel/spa and casino.	
Oct 4 2008 	What a nice surprise	Booked 4 nights in a studio room but asked for a complimentary upgrade upon arrival. The front desk attendant happily checked the availability and put me in a 1 bedroom suite. The suites there are amazing. 1,200 sq ft, 1 king bedroom, a separate living room with beautiful furniture, gas fireplace, floor to celiing windows with wrap-around balcony, stainless steel kitchen with sub zero fridge, mini bar, fisher and paykel diswashing drawer, bar area with glass stove top and seating for 4. The suite had 1.5 bathrooms and a separate jetted tub located in between the living room and bedroom. The master bathroom had a huge walk in shower with 1 rain head and 2 individual shower heads. The lcd tv in the bathroom was a nice touch. Two other 42' flat screens are available in the suite as well. This suite could easily accommodate 4 people to sleep comfortably and probably 15-20 people if you wanted to have them over for drinks.Ordered room service for breakfast one morning. Arrived exactly on time as promised. Had a bagel, oatmeal, and pot of coffee. Both Valet and Self parking are complimentary at this condo hotel but wireless internet is $13.99 per 24hrs. They do have an onsite spa which costs $30 a day to use their facilities (including the fitness center). I asked the front desk for a comp pass to try it out and they had no problem giving one to me. The fitness center is great; all cardio machines have individual tvs, bottled water, and towels waiting for you. The men's lockerrooms were great; they had a sauna, steam room, cold plunge pool, and hot whirlpool. They also had the co-ed &quot;Hammam&quot; which is similar to a Turkish bath. Both men and women can use it (you must wear a towel/bathing suit) and it's very similar to a steam room. Unfortunately, it wasn't that hot the entire week I was there. Lastly, there is a small lounge room to relax and watch tv in. Complimentary juices and bottled water are available.I tried the 50 min Drift Massage and was happy with it. Very professional staff and great experience overall. They automatically add 20% gratuity to each service so you don't have to worry about tipping. After using a 25% off coupon I got when I checked in, I paid $123 including tip and taxes.The hotel's pool is open from 9am-6pm each day. The pool is very modern, trendy and is overlooked by the Simon restaurant. There are cabanas to rent, however, they are small and are fairly dark when you are inside them. I actually enjoy the sun when I'm by the pool so I'm not a fan of cabanas. The bar by the pool is convenient; expect mixed drink prices to be $7-10 ea.Although this condotel has no casino it is connected to the Palms via sky tube. This is easily a 5 min journey from lobby to lobby. There are even moving sidewalks for you to relax on should you be so lazy.Each employee of this hotel went above the level of customer service typically found in Vegas. The nice thing about this hotel is that I wasn't constantly dodging people left and right when walking around (like you do in the MIrage or other larger properties). I highly recommend this property if you enjoy exclusive service, non smoking, and nice accommodations.Enjoy!	
Sep 26 2008 	As expected - great hotel even for young children!!!	My wife, 6 year old daughter, and me visited the Palms Place for four nights. We were a little worried because many reviews and friends we talked to said our daughter would be bored or exposed to the &quot;adult life of Vegas&quot; at the Palms Place.But she loved it!!! Once we entered our one bedroom suite she ran throughout the entire area. She couldn't wait to walk around the wrap around balcony. She didn't want to take a shower but a bath in the tub located in the master bedroom. In short she had a great time at the PP and Vegas itself.Overall the hotel was superb. Check-in was excellent; we arrived from Honolulu at 8:30A and called the hotel at about 10:00A if a room was available. The receptionist was very polite and affirmed an early check-in. Once there the valet was quick and bellhop assisted with the luggage.Everything in the room was top of the line. A broken lamp by the work desk was quickly fixed by Maintenance. The floors were clean and bathroom(s) were spotless. My wife loved the space in the bathroom and all the closet space. The washer/dryer is very convenient when you travel with children.We visited the pool once. It is only 3.5 feet deep so it was perfect for my daughter. No one else was using the pool so she had the complete run of the area. We didn't visit any on-site restaurants or the spa.Check out was simple through the tv in the room.Will definitely stay here again.	
Sep 24 2008 	Scary	Ok so we understand that each unit is obviously owned and &quot;Cleaned&quot;individually, understand me when I tell you the importance of understanding between the two(so I found out).And so the review continues:We were delayed by our airline for 2 hours for our arrival and took our car to Palms Place.I was actually excited as we were in town for &quot;Project&quot; and looking forward to a week of good fashion,food and friends.Upon arrival to Palms Place we were excited to get to our 2 bedroom unit(turns out 2 individual rooms).The check in was very pleasant except certain lady lobby dwellers looking for dates that made us a little uncomfortable.Whatever, Its Vegas.As a resident of the city for 12 years I appreciate the flavor. So we got our suite.When we got to the lobby area of our 2 rooms an overwhelming disgusting stench of vomit was all around us.It was completely dark in the area and (I found that strange)I couldnt see that I was standing right in the middle of &quot;Puke!!!!!!!!!!!!!&quot; In my L.A.M.B heels.After a small heart attack we levitated back to the lobby in an out of body experience not believing what had just happened.They said they could clean the area or otherwise they were completely booked.We just stood there looking at them because I wasnt going to smell the scent of puke in the morning everytime I left my room.Side Note:Who pukes in the hallway of a nice hotel in the early hours of the night and just walks away.Maybe I was raised differently.So all of a sudden a 2 bdr suite appeared.It was on the 30th floor and very much appreciated as tired as we were.When we got to the room(dark) we were blown away.Absolutely AWESOME in design.We ordered food and at 2am were finally ready to call it a night.We had a free day(Thank God) the next day before we had to work.I awoke and put on a robe left for us(only 1 in a 2 bdr suite)and started to make coffee.The maker still had a thick coat of something sticky on it .I decided to skip that.So I started to look around the room in the daylight and was stopped in my tracks.A thick layer of dust on the floor in the kitchen, an oil slick on the glass window,when upon closer look,you could see where someone naked had been slammed upon it. Dried bubbles all over the floor from the bedroom tub,a broken hair clip with someones hair still in it,some very disgusting dried specimen all over the wall by the bed(no joke,if you know what I mean)and a very familiar substance on the coffee table and floor that shouldnt have been there had It been vaccumed or windexed,I mean really.When all of a sudden I looked down at the robe I was wearing (with nothing else underneath) I freaked.It still had the make up and glitter on It from the last porno that had obviously been filmed there.I woke my husband ,packed and we ran ,not walked out of there. I luckily had no infections from the room,robe or bed.Disgustingly gross,awesome design, going down hill fast,The Palms Place.Back to Skylofts .....FAST	
Sep 23 2008 	BEST EVER!!!	WoW this place was AMAZING! I am kinda scared to write a positive review because of fear this place will get so popular it will get obnoxious and crowded like your typical strip hotel! I have lived in Vegas visited Vegas and stayed at just about every hotel there, this place is by far is top of the list! It has a really super cool small intimate feel. And guess what they take care of you! Bartenders &amp; staff will remember you! To me this place felt like a mexico resort w/o the ocean. The restaurant Simon was spectacular! Nothing at this place was crowded we got right in w/o reservations, the breakfast @ Simon was spectacular! And the Iron chef Kerry Simon was there himself &amp; came to our table and thanked us for eating there. Another great thing is everything from the pool to Simon to Rojo is NOT over priced. My wife did the sunset tan in the room &amp; loved it! The rooms are super nice! comfortable beds, flat screens, full kitchen, everything you need! Other reviewers complained about the walk to the main Palms Hotel/Casino and thats ridiculous because its a moving walk way! if its too far your either really lazy or really old! If your sick of the typical vegas stay here you will not be disappointed!	
Sep 20 2008 	Really nice hotel	My boyfriend and I stayed at Palms during our summer getaway trip and it was honestly the nicest place I have every stayed at especially for a 5 star hotel. I was able to book this place for only $99 a day (we only stayed here for a night) and it was well worth the price. The room was really technologically advanced and beautiful. There were 3 TVs: 1 in the bathroom and 2 in the bedroom. I thought it was over the top to have so many TVs, but I found myself watching tv on 1 screen and my boyfriend watched ESPN on the other screen. The kitchen was really nice even though I didn't get to use it, and it had a fully stocked bar (it's electronically censored so if you remove an item, the purchase goes on your card)The bed was so comfortable and came with A LOT of pillows. The bathroom didn't have a screen for the shower and it got kind of messy, but overall it was a great experience.This place is totally trendy and new. I loved it!	
Sep 17 2008 	Palms Place is a sleek stylish modern hotel.	The Palms stands a little off the strip so we had a spectacular view of Vegas from our balcony! Though the lighting was a bit dim in the room and other areas of the hotel the decor was innovative &amp; stylish in a retro 60's sort of way. The fully equipped kitchenette had an clever roll-away table. The beds were on the firm side but very comfortable. We especially liked the shower and the huge whirlpool tub. We'd happily stay here again.	
Sep 17 2008 	A little gross in a land far far away	Ive stayed at about 5 different hotels in Vegas over the past 14 years. Starting with the Mirage, the Aladdin, the Venetian, Mandalay bay and now the palms. I was out for the superbowl with my friends for a guys weekend and we were comp'd a regular room at the Palms, worst room Ive stayed in in Vegas. No different than quality inn. So first off I would never recommend that tower, although my friend did say the &quot;fantasy tower&quot; was much nicer. We planned another trip with our girlfriends for this labor day, and this time stayed at Palms Place. Let me preface this by saying my friends room was fine and he had no problems. That being said, mine was awful. The dirtiest room Ive ever been in and also let me say, ive stayed in some shady places. I actually had to call down and get someone to come up and look at the room. The room was covered in dust and the carpet had gum pressed into it, the couches were stained, the furniture was banged up there were stains on the pillows. It was nasty, they felt awful about it and quickly sent another cleaning women in. My problem isnt with the service, its that if your paying $330 a night, midweek, for a room in vegas (it was a 1 bedroom suite) it should be flawless. And sadly it wasnt. As I said they were more than accomodating when it was brought to their attention but it was gross. As for the rest of the stay, the pool is WAY to small and not nearly enough chairs there, and one side of the pool gets blacked out from the sun mid afternoon. Poorly designed. So go over to the main pool at the palms, much much better. Another problem is the casino is a long way away from the palms place tower, which if your a gambler stinks! You have to go down 2 different elevators across 2 moving sidewalks and down a hallway to get to the farthest point of the casino! It really was a pain, and to be honest another disappointment at Plams place. Also if you come home late and want to eat you have to make that journey to the 24hr cafe, or order room service. Also if you do decide to stay here, take notice of the materials in the rooms, they were cheap, except for the appliances, it's vinyl paneling and particle board. To me it seems as though they tried to make something that looks nice but made it out of crap. It was weird, its a room thats set up for the night though, it looks cool with the intresting lights they have at night. Open the drapes in the day and its not so sexy, kinda like a nightclub. Lastly I found out after I was there that each one of these units are owned by private owners and leased back to the palms. So the condition of each room is different. So to finish, this place is good for 20somethings who want to party, i would not have been nearly as dissapointed if I was on another guys weekend, but being there with my girlfriend it was a dissapointment. The palm s as a whole is set up for the hip and trendy crowd, awesome nightclubs, celebrities on the weekends, and some fantastic restaurants. But is not for someone looking for a low key pampered vacation. Also the palms casino is dead during the week. I felt like I was on a bus trip in Atlantic city! One more drawback is the actual location of the Palms off the strip...I didnt have a strip view room so I was looking at the mountains and you never really get that Vegas vibe when you cant walk out onto the strip. Next stop the Wynn or Palazoo, they look fabulous. Guys weekend...stay at MGM lots more action, take a cab to the Palms.	
Sep 17 2008 	basic	average 3 star location,off strip, 3 minute walk to palms hotel, ikea like furniture, great for if you are hoping to save money from cooking (small refrig) other refrig stocked (sensors), felt like a cheaper version of the w hotel, some staff were pleasant (maybe they read the reviews), not likely to stay again with so many options in vegas must rent a car if you plan to leave location, food options limiting but great movie theater location and clubs are there (filled with older people on non-event night, we paid 139 a night so in range of market value, bed was soft low profile, looks bigger on pictures than in reality	
Sep 16 2008 	LOVED THE PALMS PLACE!!	We stayed at the Palms Place August 25-28, 2008. By far this has to be one of the nicest rooms I have ever stayed in!CHECK IN - My cousin had called the day before to see if we can get our room ealy seeing that our plane landed in the morning and they said &quot;no problem&quot;, however when we arrived at noon our room wasn't ready till after 3pm, my cousin didn't get hers till 4pm, she did complain to the manager and they upgraded her to a one bedroom suite. Check in was fast after that. We got passes for the clubs and they put our names on the list.ROOM: We booked the Studio Suite which is pretty big for two people. Comfortable king size bed, sitting area, two 42 inch screen tv's side by side ( and yes at one point my husband and I had the tv's on different channels ;) , fully equiped kitchen, a balcony with a view of the strip, and a huge shower &amp; tub in the bathroom. It was VERY clean everyday. The one day the housekeeping didn't show up till 4pm which was a little annoying but overall good service. Tons of clean towels everyday, and the towels are HUGE!FOOD: I didn't try room service however I did eat at the Mexican restaurant at the Palms Hotel which was very good and we at at Simon's Lounge out by the pool one day which was also very good.POOL: Very small and quiet but it was great! We got a free cabana rental with the hotel promotion when we booked. It helped alot because the sun in August is way too hot! Great service at the pool. The pool at the Palms looked like the &quot;party pool&quot; to go to, however I never made it to that pool.SPA: Spent 2 hours in the spa at the palms place. Best 2 hours I ever spent!!! I really recommend trying one of the services in the spa.TO GO ON THE STRIP: Their is a free shuttle that leaves at the Palms hotel I think at 11am, 2pm, &amp; 5pm that goes to the Forum Shops and Fashion Show Mall. Ask for a schedule when you check in. We also cabbed it there a couple of times and it usually cost around $9PLAYBOY CLUB/MOON: We were on the list to get in but the &quot;boys&quot; still had to pay a $20 cover charge. This was on a Tuesday night. We went to Moon first which was very &quot;stuffy&quot; for us and they played alot of &quot;Trance/Rave music&quot; so we went to the Playboy Club. More relaxing atmosphere, not stuffy, and we were actually allowed to sit on one of the couches which is also great especially if your stuck wearing heel's! Just ask the bouncer if you are allowed to sit there instead of paying $450 for bottle service. As long as no one had reserved it your good to sit!All in all the Palms Place is absolutley beautiful! Great service, and only a 5 min walk to the Palms Hotel. I would definatley stay there again!	
Sep 15 2008 	Best suite in Vegas	I was attending conference in Vegas and stayed at Palm's Place. I reserved a studio which I couldn't ask for anything nicer. It was unbelievable. The suites that Palm's Place offers are 5X nicer as Harrah's, Rio, or Paris.	
Sep 11 2008 	Doing Vegas the Right Way	We spent two nights at the Palms Place just recently and LOVED 99.5% of our stay.We had rented a Studio for three people and found it to be exactly what we had wanted, and seen online. Ask for a room as far up as possible for the great views. Room service was extremely accommodating, and we ended up staying in the Palms complex for most of the night.Had dinner at N9NE, a very good steak house and one of the Palms restaurants, and found the Ghostbar and the Club Moon to be the best places to party (we also tried Tao at the Venetian, but found it overrated), and loved the pool party they threw for guests. Be sure to ask to be comped in to bar and club if you have already spent hundreds of dollars eating there; we found all the general managers there to be extremely customer-friendly and highly competent, and met some of the greatest bartenders ever. Getting a spray-on tan at Sunset Tan was a fun experience as well.Very few downsides: Reception staff was just a bit arrogant, gym was too expensive (should be included imo), and the free shuttle to the strip turned out to be a bus that went twice daily only, so had the little added expense of a cab each way.All in all however by far the place I will come back too on my next trip to Vegas.	
Sep 5 2008 	Stylish 	Room: let you feel like being at your modern and stylish castle. Very comfortable bed, flat TVs, huge bathroom incl. whirlpool, nice sofa, balcony... everything is how it should be (comes already with the lowest room cat.). Valet parking is free of charge.Other facilities: The hotel may be an expensive choice for gym lovers: USD 30 per person per caledar day! But gym facilities derive from latest generation! Internet available in the room for USD 14 per 24 hrs.Housekeeping below expectation. Only towel replacments and bedding, no other cleaning.Location enforces you to take the cab to the Strip (10 minutes - USD14) which is ok. The hotel is next to the Palms (5 min on foot) which is currently one of the spots to be (night club). Both palms hotels have a slight touch of &quot;playboy&quot; ambience.	
Sep 3 2008 	Favorite Hotel in Vegas!!!	I have stayed in most of the bigger hotels in Vegas, and the Palms Place is by far my favorite. Aside from being so affordable, the rooms were immaculate and beautifully decorated with amazing views from the balcony. The staff was friendly and helpful- I locked myself out of my room and within minutes there was a member of the security there to let me in. We arrived earlier than expected and they were able to get BOTH our rooms ready for us hours prior to the 3pm check-in. It doesn't have a casino, which was nice because it didn't take 20 minutes for us to walk from the lobby to our room. However, those who wanted to gamble just had to take a 10 minute walk through a little tunnel to get to the casino at the Palms. We ate two delicious meals at Simon, had a blast at the pool, and overall loved our experience at The Palms Place.	
Sep 1 2008 	Absolutely amazing!	I don't think I can gush more about this hotel. I went for 2 nights with my boyfriend to celebrate my 26th birthday. We stayed on the strip for 3 nights afterwards but wished that we could have stayed at the Palms Place the entire time. Would have if I hadn't prepaid for the other hotel.Our flight was 2 hours late because of a storm and strong winds by the airport. Circled around the dessert for a while and couldn't wait to land. Went to the hotel at 4:50 pm. Had to wait 10 minutes before someone helped us. Once helped, the room wasn't ready, not a good start. Went to the Rio buffet, yum. So good! Received a call 20 minutes after we had tried to check in, the room was ready and on the 8th floor. I was a bit irritated on our way back to the hotel since I had called a few days earlier to request a high room. I asked the second person to check us in if there was a note about a high room, and she said no. I told her I had requested it since it was my birthday and wanted a nice view. She quickly upgraded us to a 1 bedroom for my birthday and apologized. Score! The room was incredible. My boyfriend and I could not believe how beautiful it was. We had a strip view on the 26th floor with a wrap around balcony. The bathrooms, 1 full and 1 half, were all marble. The shower had 3 showerheads. It was great for my boyfriend who is 6' 5&quot;. The kitchen had a subzero fridge, stainless steel tops, etc. Plenty of room to store water, food and cocktails. The living room had a fireplace, plasma tv, pull out couch, a couple chairs and a desk. My favor part was the soaking tub in the bedroom. Loved it! We didn't have time to go to the pool, restaurant or spa. We walked through them though. Very nice. Maybe next time. We spent a lot of time at the Palms, which is adjoined by a moving walkway. Ate at the buffet, which is so affordable and tasty. Good variety and not as expensive as the other ones. The tables have low minimum bets, which is a huge plus. Had 2 shots and 2 cocktails at the bar, $26. Not bad. I paid $28 for 2 cocktails at most other casinos. The concierge put us on the list for Moon. Went early and was let right in. No cover, which we liked. Hung out in the Playboy Club for about 20 minutes until Moon opened. Views were great in both places. Drink prices were average for a club, but were made well. Not too strong or weak. It was not overly packed inside, just the right amount of people. Soulja Boy performed too, which was a riot. We were very sad to leave, especially with the horrible experience we had at the second hotel. We have already told our friends and family to stay there for future trips, as we will definitely be staying there next time as well. I just hope the prices don't skyrocket once people start to find out about it.	
Aug 28 2008 	AMAZING hotel	My room at Palms Place was possibly the nicest hotel room I've ever had. That's saying a lot as I'm a bit of a hotel snob. The suite was clean and spacious with kitchen, living area and balcony, 2 plasma tvs, hardwood floors and Aveda products. The bathroom was huge with separate shower and tub. The hotel itself was awesome. The pool was beautiful. Simon has amazing food and terrific service and the hotel bar was great as well. I can't wait to stay at Palms Place again. Book this hotel while the rates are still reasonable!	
Aug 26 2008 	Palms Place wow what a deal!!!	Our first time staying at the Palms place, we luv 5 star hotels and this is one of them. Balcony strip view room and loved the whole stay , We booked the Suite and we were very happy with the room. Own separate entrance from the Palms . The great thing about the condo/ Suites is that you dont have to go through the rest of the hotel to exit and enter the hotel. Great check-in no hassles. The room was as pictured and OHH!! WOW THE BALCONY, WHAT A VIEW OF THE STRIP. I dont want to tell anyone because, When people find out about this place I might not be able to book a room again.The bathroom is large. wow the jetted tub was perfect.The room was very spacious and the bed extremely comfortable. We used the laundry service in the hotel and it was excellent. luv having drinks on our Balcony.Our view at night was Awsome!!!. The PALMS PLACE condo/Suites have their own pool area which is very Kool, Or you can go to the Palms pool area as well. Also the restaurants GREAT FOOD open for breakfast (simons)luv it. Palms place suites provide complimentary tea/coffee in the room.They have a kichen and frig. I Just cant say enough about the 5 star service. I will be back !!!!	
Aug 21 2008 	Nice rooms...bad customer service	Let me start off my saying that I was really excited to stay at Palms Place based on the pictures from the website in plus its my best friends birthday. There were 5 of us in my group we stayed at a suite in Planet Hollywood for two nights previous to arriving at Palms Place. We arrived at the palms around 2:00 I had asked for an early check in however, my room wasnt avaible...fine no problem check in is at 3. 3 rolls around 4 rolls around and our room still isnt clean yet, the manger Brian, states &quot;its only been 1 hour&quot; that's were I get really angery I paid 500 dollars for a two bedroom suite. So I have paid for that 1 hour that I'm sitting in the lobby waiting. During that time I had heard other guest complain about having to wait as long as 3 hours for their room to be clean. So we get to the room there were still 3 house keepers cleaning the room apparntley whoever had the room becfre trashed it, and there were several items that needed to be replaced. Once housekeeping does leave the room, there is still dust on the floors, finger prints on the walls, tables, and appliances. After speaking with the second manager Joe, he credited me back 200 dollars but at that point the damage had already been done. I will never stay at Palms Place again, the room was beautiful but the service was horrible, and I have already written a letter to the general mamnger at Palms Place about my expereience there.	
Aug 17 2008 	Absutely amazing - with value too!	I stayed here over the weekend of Aug 8. Most of the reviews here pretty much summed it up so i won't repeat what has already been said and try to give some additional insight. First of all, Palms Place is truly a first class experience, Fro the time we arrived (for our 3 night stay)) we felt we received the attention deserving of a 5 star hotel. The major benefits of this hotel is staying in a good value 5 star hotel with many more perks. If you are looking for nightlife, we got access to the Playboy club and Ghostbar from the concierge. More importantly, it was only a skytube walkway away..The benefits of having the amenity of the Palms casino while still being secluded away from it cannot be understated. maybe it was because I was losing at the tables but one of the nicest things was actually having the movie theatres so conveniently located. I was able to catch a cheap matinee of Batman by just walking downstairs! Overall though, great experience and a little secret...there is a shuttle from the Palms that brings you to the fashion mall right no the strip!	
Aug 7 2008 	Great Place	Just returned from a week stay at Palms Casino Resort. My family of 4 (children ages 13 and 14) stayed in a studio suite. Beautiful view - very clean - and extremely comfortable. Only complaint was that the pool closed at 6. It is a bit far to walk to the strip in the heat - we had a car and used it every day.Karen Atlanta, Ga.	
Aug 5 2008 	Get in now before the rates soar. Uber-swank hotel!	What a deal!! I booked this hotel for $99 thru TripRes.com for the first night which was a really great deal. What was even better was the Palms Place deal online which gets you a pool cabana for an additional $49 plus a dining credit. This hotel is new and you need to grab this deal before everyone else finds out what a sweet hotel it is. Sure, it's not on the strip, but it's not so damn crowded and mainstream either. The parking is a breeze and there is never a wait if you call down for your car. It's a boutique hotel which means a few less amenities but the service is more personal, less waits and no crowds. I read other reviews about the pool but it's bogus. The pool is perfect for swimming and lounging. The chairs are new, there are sofas and a fireplace area (even in July). The pool service is attentive. No, it's not Tao Beach but you can also don't have to see old fat guys ogling trashy girls and pay $450 for a day on a daybed. The water is deep and cold, not 3 feet deep with a tanning oil slick on top as with the European style clubs. There aren't many kids either.  The rooms are large, quiet and ultra modern. The kitchen appliances are top notch. The cutlery and stemware are cutting edge as well. Pick up some food and booze before you arrive.  The bathtub is huge with jets. Big enough for 2 people to lay down in. The shower design is unique with two nice shower heads. The lighting is modern and effective. The Ipod system is a nice thing to have. The bed is on a platform which is great for sitting on. The linens are high tread count and super soft. The comfortable sofa has tons of pillows for lounging. One big plus is that you have an outside balcony which is nice to get away from hotel a/c or to dry your suit quickly. Great views too.  Eat at Simon, the guy knows food and executes it well. Little Buddha has great sushi. The Playboy Club is overrated, but worth checking out., make sure to see the bathroom stall doors. The gaming tables at the Casino have low minimums and attentive cocktail servers.  I've worked for 5 diamond properties and this one is exceptional. These rates won't last long once everyone figures out the level of luxury just off the strip. I stayed at The Venetian at the tale end of this trip and wished I would've spent my entire trip at The Palms Place Hotel.	
Jul 31 2008 	Beautiful Hotel	at 1st we booked an early check in but there was some miscommunication so we werent able to check in early but because of all that we ended up gettign a free upgrade to a one bedroom suite with corner wrap around balcony....views of the strip and the palms. we got into the clubs free by calling concierge and gettign line by passes and gustlists.....it was an awesome time, and it was a bachelorette party to say the least. the room was undescibable. the crowd is fun. and the 24/7 cafe is good and not pricey at all. the mexican restraunt is average prices and good as well....i would def go back!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Vegas and the palms place ROCKS!!	
Jul 27 2008 	The Good The Bad and The Ugly	The Good -1. The layout of the room and furnishings were great. Great views.2. Service was excellent. I was impressed in particular by the front desk -- they were more helpful than most concierges. When I asked for a place to print out boarding passes, they did it for me. When I needed directions they gave them to me and printed out a map. One of our party left his key in the room. We call the front desk and 3 minutes later the bellman is there with a replacement. The extremely attractive attendant in the fitness center was so helpful that I think it was almost worth the $30 fee (per visit). 3. The place was good value for the money, especially the $150 we paid on weeknights.The Bad -1. The hotel is a ways from the strip -- maybe a 20 or 30 minute walk.2. The pool sucks. You can use the pool at the Palms Casino, which is much nicer. However, don't expect to see tons of topless babes, which brings me to the next point:3. With the Playboy connection, etc., you might expect this would be a great place to meet women and party. Well, so does every other guy who decided to stay here. If you're male and this is on your agenda, Wynn would be a better choice, based on what I saw at both places.4. This is not a good choice for the over 40 crowd.The Ugly --1. The Playboy Club. Definitely overrated, and nothing like what I'd expected. Based on the quality of the rooms, service, and the price this is an excellent hotel.	
Jul 24 2008 	the palms: terrific	the palms hotel and casino: terrific. My girlfriend and i stayed at the palms from july 15 thru the 18th. We were met at the airport by our driver from ods, who then took us to the palms in comfort and style. We arrived at the hotel about an hour before check in. The bell boy held our luggage while we enjoyed a couple of drinks at the lounge. at about 3pm the hotel called my cell phone to let us know our room was ready, the bell boy then took us and our luggage up to our great room. It had a great view of the strip and the pool, we were in a junior suite in the old tower on the 22nd floor the king size bed was great! We spent our days by the pool and our nights on the town. It was wonderful. A cab ride to the strip from the palms is about 8 dollars. But a 24hour bus pass is only 5 dollars and runs the entire strip,slow but you'll get there and save alot of steps. Had a great time at the palms and would definately refer the hotel to friends.	
Jul 22 2008 	Fell in love with Palms Place	I was planning a much needed vacation in March, and was looking on Trip Advisor for inspiration. I had not been to Vegas in 10+ years, and wanted to see a Cirque Du Soleil show, so, Vegas it was. I was looking for good prices on Incrediblememoriestravelco.com, and found a good listing for The Palms. Booking what I thought was a room at the main hotel (I did not know that Palms Place had even existed), I was happy with the description and pictures. Upon our arrival to the Palms, we wne to check in, and were told that we were actually staying in a brand new Palms tower located next door. The man at the front desk was very nice and offered to have a hotel limo take us to the tower, but we declined because we wanted to walk.Upon getting to the tower, we were a bit confused because there wasn't any foot traffic. Upon getting to the front desk, the receptionist informed us that we were getting upgraded from a studio to a one bedroom suite. The woman explained to us that the hotel was BRAND new, they had yet to even have a grand opening. After leaving the front desk, we were escorted to the elevator. We (my boyfriend and myself) loved to feel of the hotel: very sleek, modern, and sexy. Our room was at the end of a long hallway. When we entered and turned on the lights, we were floored: It was amazing! Immediately to our left was a small powder room, and directly in front of us (down a long stretch of hallway) was an amazing view of Las Vegas. We walked straight ahead, and saw a full kitchen to the left. It had a full fridge and freezer, dishwasher, flat top stove, full service for four, a dining room table, everything! To the right of that, was an amazing living room with flat screen TV and double sided fireplace, as well as a small balcony. Going through the living room and to the right was the bedroom, which included an amazing bed, flat screen tv, large balcony, and a bathtub! Next to the bedroom (other side of the wall from the bed) was the bathroom which included double sinks, 3 head shower (amazing!), seperate, secluded toilet and a flat screen tv. The bubble light hanging in front of the sink was cracked, so we called to the front desk to let them know. The cracked light was not an issue, and did not affect our stay. We then decided to explore the suite more, and discovered a nice vanity cove (most likely used for make-up application), huge closets with iron and ironing board, coffee maker, and washer and dryer! Upon our return from the Cirque show, we wanted to use the bathtub located in the bedroom. We turned it on, and learned that the hot water was not working. By this time it was at least 2 am, but we really wanted to use it (how could you blame us), so we called the front desk. They told us that they would send someone to help us. In about 10 minutes, a handy man came to our room. He was VERY nice, and quickly &quot;solved&quot; our problem. Apparently, our impatience got the best of us, because the hot water was actually working. The hotel was so brand new that the hot water just took a while to travel to our 12th story room. He told us that their were probably only 40 people total staying in the hotel. Upon leaving, the staff was very helpfull with whatever we needed: suggestions where to eat, where to go for fun, directions, etc. Overall, I would say the stay was fantastic, and I would recommend this hotel to anyone ans everyone! It will be money well spent!	
Jul 16 2008 	Better than *any* room i've stayed at in vegas!	Okay. So, we're (me and a couple of friends) are planning a vegas trip due to the NBA Summer League. Our ages range from early 20's to early 30's.. naturally, we wanted to stay at somewhere trendy and &quot;happenin'&quot;After minutes of looking (what do you expect? We're guys!) we come across the Palms Place. Having never hearing of such a place before.. but knowing it was part of the Palms, we took a chance and booked a couple studios.The room was SWEET! Ultra trendy. Everything was done in dark, contemporary colors. There's TWO (count 'em!) TWO HUGE 42 inch HDTV's. A fridge, a dishwasher, microwave, coffeemaker (with coffee!) utensils, plates, a stovetop! Everything you could possibly need in a room. The bed was comfortable!The bathroom was awesome. Nice waterfall showerhead. Nice lcd television next to the sink. Telephone next to the toilet (though, i've never understood the reasoning for that. I would imagine it'd be one hell of a deuce you'd be droppin' for a phone to come in handy!)Of course the restaurants, clubs, and pool were top notch. The hotel itself wasn't too busy. Like, ever. We literally walked up the check-in and within 5 minutes we were in our room. It was definitely something I wasn't used to!The elevators were a nice touch. In order to select the floor of which your room is on, you have to put in your hotel key first and then select - otherwise it wont stop on the floor. Niiicee!Nice touch with the 'do not disturb' function. There's a button you press inside your room which allows you to press whether you want housekeeping .. or whether you do not want to be disturbed. There's a light on the outside of your room which reflects which choice you made. Great feature. Very handy.Newspapers were put on your door handle every morning.. say what?!Booking this room was a good thing and bad thing.The good being - the room was fantastic. Everything about it was trendy and just awesome.The bad - well, now any hotel room I stay in that's *not* the Palms Place, is going to pale in comparison. I've stayed at hotels including Treasure Island, Flamingo, MGM Grand, Paris, and the Mirage .. and I can honestly say that not ONE of them has ANYTHING on the PALMS PLACE.	
Jul 14 2008 	Palms condos ...well thought out	Palms Place created a great medium. Just enough Vegas without being &quot;too much Vegas&quot;. A friend purchased a condo. I went out for the opening party. I expected super tacky and was very surprised the project turned out so well. A ton of time, consideration, and planning went into this development. Good job Palms.Anything you might want is always within reach. At the same time you can back off and have everything arms distance away. Really like the versatility w/the layout. Yes, the condo was nice, (modern/ clean lines). The balcony = grrreat view. Main highlight was the glass top dance floor on the pool. Overall I thought it was both classy and fun.	
Jul 6 2008 	Good. And Bad.	When I found a great rate in June on the Palms Place website for a one bedroom suite, I was wowed by the online pics of the room, the big 1200 sq. foot room size, and really excited to book such a cool looking room for $179 a night for a quick getaway. When we drove up Sunday afternoon to check in, no 1 bedroom units were yet ready. No problem, we went off to check out the Simon Restaurant and have lunch at the very cool restaurant. The service and food at the restaurant were good, and it was fun to overlook the pool area, which is very attractive, but small. The cabanas, use of which were included for one day in our room rate (otherwise about $250 a day) were not super impressive to me, pretty basic looking, though they did have a tv inside. After our lunch, we went back to the front desk, and our room was still not ready, and it wasn't ready until after 6pm, more than 3 hours after we arrived, which was kind of a disappointment for us, as we were just there for 2 nights. However, the front desk did comp us free drinks at the bar, and were very apologetic.When we got to our room, it was a mountain view on the 52nd floor, and it all looked very cool and sleek, but nothing seemed to work! The faucet handle in the bathroom pulled off from the wall as soon as I turned it on, and the same thing happened to the kitchen faucet. Except for the phone by the toilet, none of the room phones worked. And the lights in the bedroom didn't work either, nor did the tv...we ended up having an electrical engineer come to our room to fix the lights and outlets and tv. And the bathtub jets turned on very loudly by themselves at about 1am, just as I was falling asleep, scaring me out of my wits!The next morning the sleek room just seemed to be too much trouble, so we requested to be moved. The front desk kindly moved us to a strip view room, which turned out to be absolutely perfect. The fireplace and mood lights were lit beautifully, all the drapes were open just perfectly, and we had a nice strip view. Everything in this room worked beautifully. We felt like our vacation had finally begun.So, all in all, this is a beautiful flashy hotel, though I think it's better for people who like very trendy decor, and the 20/30 year old demographic. The staff is very young and are not all as polished as they could be, but most of them make up for it with a good and friendly attitude. The spa is very nice, and my husband had a great facial and massage treatment. Not sure I'd return, right now the Signature at the MGM Grand is still my favorite, but I'm sure a lot of people will really enjoy this place.	
Jun 25 2008 	Absolutely Loved Palms Place	I recently attended a conference for work out in Las Vegas and was booked by our agents to stay at the Palms Place. At first I was hesitant and tried to change since it was approximately 5 or more miles away from our conf. destination. SO GLAD THAT DIDN&quot;T HAPPEN.. all other hotels were overbooked and couldn't accomodate. Walking in to my room I was totally breathless.. beautiful.. everything was exceptional, from the service at the front desk, to security, bellboys and even room service. It's (litterally) squeaky clean and everyone was extremely polite and friendly. All three of their towers are connected and if you're not up for walking through the sky tube to the other towers (Fantasy and Playboy for the Casinoes) it's ok, they'll have someone drive you over there on these little Golf cars.. (fun)There's so much to do there it was simply fabulous.. Restaurants bars and clubs... not to mention the breakfast buffet with the friendliest chef who entertains us with jokes as he cooks our omlettes.. If I didn't have to return to work so soon I'm sure just for the chance to stay a litlle longer in that hotel I would have extended my stay. I think if i'm ever headed that way again for business or pleasure.. it'll have to be the Palms Place...	
Jun 25 2008 	Amazing studio	Loved the studio room (cool style with top end accessories, very comfortable bed), loved the pool setting with the cabanas, and the complimentary addmition to Ghost Bar on top of Palms tower (50 something floor) - amazing view of Strip by night Best if you like to have a quiet stay off -Strip	
Jun 8 2008 	Mixed experience	I stayed in a two-bedroom suite which is basically a one-bedroom suite that is directly next to a studio.The one-bedroom suite had a beautiful fireplace in the livingroom and a hot tub with air jets in the bedroom. The bathroom had a huge shower with a rain forest showerhead as well as two additional showerheads on each side.The studio had a bathroom with a smaller shower (also with a rain forest showerhead) and it basically connected to a very nice bathtub with jets.These were two of the nicest rooms I have ever stayed in and I have stayed in suites just about every where in Las Vegas.I only have two minor complaints about the actual rooms.In the one-bedroom suite there was a large painting in the kitchen that was basically pealing off the wall.Also there were no sound systems in either of the rooms to play CD's and the DVD player attached to the TV's wouldn't play any of my CD's. The Palms did have their own Dance music station which was very good... but the TV wouldn't allow you to put the volume up more than half way.The room service did NOT meet my expectations. The selection was very small. It took an hour for the food to come on several occasions. The quality of the food was average at best.The housekeeping was the WORST I have ever experienced in my whole life. The first morning they came barging in at 9AM and woke me up. They told me I needed to have the do not disturb light on.The next day I had the do not disturb light on until noon and they didn't come until 6PM that evening.The day after I had guests coming around 5PM so I called at noon and told housekeeping to come. I went to the casino until 3PM and the room still had not been serviced. Despite calling three more times they didn't come until 7PM. Luckily my guests arrived late or else I would've been very upset.With the terrible room service I had low expectations for the Simon restaurant but it was surprisingly good. I was satisfied with everything I had to eat and the setting was spectacular overlooking the pool area.The massage I had at the spa was decent. However, when I turned over to face straight up she didn't have anything to cover my eyes from the glare coming through the window. After leaving for 10 minutes she finally came back with something to cover my eyes but it kept falling off during the rest of the massage.The steamroom in the drift spa was way too hot so I went over to the co-ed Hamman and was very disappointed. Nobody was in it and the temperature was way too low for it to have any value.After the spa I paid for a spray tan at Sunset Tan for later in the day. When I came back for the tan they had no record that I already paid and asked for the receipt (which I tossed away). The woman said that she trusted me and brought me upstairs for the tan.Although I had a very enjoyable time at the Palms Place... most likely I won't be staying there again.If all you care about is staying in a nice room then I definitely recommend the Palms Place.If having good service is important to you then I would definitely stay elsewhere... such as the Four Seasons.	
May 31 2008 	Ultra Chic Gem Still Suffers From Opening Jitters	The Palms Place is a exercise in modern splendor. Stylish and ultra chic, this hotel offers up some of the best accommodations this city has to offer. First off, I must introduce myself as a complete and utter hotel snob. I have Platinum Status at SPG and Diamond at Hyatt and those are my cheap hotel selections. I love luxury and services and I am a very picky traveler. This hotel is absolutely amazing in its contemporary modernity but I had more than my fair share of problems for such a nice place. First the good things:The room I finally ended up with was a dream come true. I booked a one bedroom suite, well worth the upgrade in price. Remember these are really condominiums and expensive ones at that. WIth this suite not only do you get a large and lavish guest powder room but you get a spectacular ultra modern stainless steel fitted kitchen complete with Sub Zero refrigerator, Gaggenau stove, Fisher Paykel dishwasher drawer, stainless micro, stainless minibar, full sink and built in dining lounge for four, perfect for breakfast in the morning and armwrestling at 2:00AM. This place is huge! It is also occupies a corner position (all one bedroom suites do) with wrap around floor to ceiling glass window walls through out the unit with stunning panoramic views. There is a working fireplace in the luxurious modern living room as will as a huge plasma television, glass &amp; polished steel work desk, huge sectional and two modern leather chairs and a chaise. Beautiful metallic powder blue black out drapes and a lacy silver sheer curtain gives you two beautiful options to control the light, not that you want to hide this spectacular view. It was stupid of them not to electrify them. It has only been open for a couple of weeks and the drapes are already having problems from the pulls.The Master Suite is accessed via a long hall of built in, floor to ceiling closet systems with flush full height doors, internal lighting, internal dressers all lit with a very chic custom indirect lighting fixture. The lighting in this hotel is particularly good - everything is on dimmers and is very glamorously lit. There is also two huge sliding panels that slide open to the living room creating a large open plan space and allowing the bedroom to enjoy the corner position. A large free standing super modern egg shaped air tub sits on white marble floors in the master suite adjacent to the living room. I loved this tub! Air is so much better than those filthy jets and it's big and deep and sits next to the window wall. The bed is fabulously comfortable and the master bedroom has its own 50 inch plasma tv. All the walls are dark wood, leather, marble or gorgeous lacquered midnight blue with a subtle airbrushed sunset line at knee height. The kitchen and living room floors throughout are a dark black wood with inlayed dark grey carpet with a stainless steel edge in the living room. The master bedroom has the same grey carpet detail around the bed with the rest of the room, dressing hall, entry hall and master bath being white marble.The master bath has is quite large with a private water closet concealed by a sliding frosted glass panel door. Two vanity sinks separated by and annoying modern globe light dangling from the ceiling (looks good but not user friendly), is directly across the huge two person shower inclosed in white marble and glass. It has two shower wands and a rain shower head.The entrance hall also has a sleek hidden door that opens into a full size washer and dryer room. This place is stunning. The view is amazing. There are two section of the window wall which slide open onto a huge wrap around terrace with glass wall railings. My room was on the 51st floor so the views were far and wide and none are better in the city except on top of the Stratus Sphere Tower. The nighttime view of the city side is breathtaking.THE PROBLEMS:Since this is a new hotel I can forgive some of this stuff. I had booked a three night stay and decided to stay just one night and do another hotel the last two nights. They have a four day cancelation policy or they charge the full rate. I sent several emails to the hotel all which were responded to by a &quot;message delayed&quot; email stating that they got my message but it hadn't been delivered yet. It also said I didn't need to send another. I did many times with the same response. On the last day before cancelation I decided to FAX my cancelation from my London hotel and requested confirmation. Not only did they not respond they didn't even cancel it. I was presented with a three day stay at check in. I was rather infuriated and normally I would have made a fit right then and there, but I was so blown away at how stunning the lobby was I decided to check the room out before my rant. To my complete and total surprise the room not only met my expectations but exceed it. In all of my communications with them I had request a room with a strip view and a high floor. Even when I checked in I asked if I had a strip view and a high floor and she said I had a room with a spectacular view. Floor 19 on the mountain side. Now if I went out on the balcony I could see a small part of the strip but you really could not see it. And floor 19 of a 60 story tower is not a high floor unless you to dumb to count higher than that.I stewed in my room about the view and the fact they didn't cancel my second and third nights for a while and decided I would call the front desk and ask if they had a higher room floor on the strip side. Based on their answer I would stay or demand the cancelation. I asked if I could move to a room on the strip side on a higher floor for the next two nights. The man on the phone asked why I didn't want to move right away and I said I had been in the room for a couple of hours already. He said he had a room on the 51st floor that faced the strip and he would move me right then. So I decided to stay, the view was stunning and the terrace was wider and wrapped continuously around the suite. The lower the floor the smaller the balcony and the higher the larger and more continuous the terrace.The house keeping here is terrible. I decided to leave a rather large tip with a nice note requesting extra special cleaning and boy did they respond. The room was like new when I got back. It is a shame you have to do that but if you are staying here for multiple nights you will get a much fresher room if you drop a $10-$20 tip.I used the hotel's same day dry cleaning services to clean a brand new Tommy Bahama's long sleeve silk shirt I purchased just for this trip. I wore it on my first day and thought I would clean it and wear it again for the trip home. They cleaned and delivered to my bed at some point in the day. When I was dressing to leave the hotel I took the shirt out from the package and to my extreme disappointment they had washed the shirt instead of dry cleaning it! It had shrunk so much I no longer could button it closed. I needed another inch and half of shirt fabric!I complained and they sent up a security staff to give me forms to fill out and I visually showed him the shirt on me. The hotel manager said he would talk with the dry cleaning staff and see what they would do in a few days. So they did not do anything at that moment and I am hoping I will not have to call and argue it with them later.24 hour room service for breakfast, lunch and dinner has an extremely limited menu and is not that good. It is expensive as all room service is. The one time I ordered, I pushed my cart into the hall at 8:30 AM and it was still there at 8:30 PM. Not a good sign. There is nothing worse than staying in the ultimate room, a room you don't want to leave, and having access to bad room service! I would have ordered all my meals in if had been better.I ate a SIMONS, the new restaurant on the sixth floor. Very good food, very beautiful people. Very expensive. An excellent sushi bar and chef is also here. The staff and help has a huge amount of work to get their act together. The sushi chef had zero assistance and was wasting a huge amount of time doing his own support and prep work so things took way too long. The waiter was non existent. As I finished dishes they would not remove them so I had to pile them up adjacent to me which is rather difficult and a problem at a sushi bar. The chef was clearly distressed about it but it is very unsanitary and inappropriate for a sushi chef to remove used plates. After 10 minutes of actual waiting with a pile of dishes I whipped out my iPhone and turned on the timer and set my phone on the counter for all to see. It took another 5 minutes before the waiter came and removed them. The shocking thing is that the managers and many other waiters would congregate near me and never paid attention to it. It is a good restaurant but they have serious service issues at this point. They also allowed non-sushi eating guests to sit and hangout drinking at the sushi bar even though they had a huge bar in the restaurant. That was not appropriate or fair to the chef either.All in all, this hotel is stunning but it still suffering from its opening shake down cruise. I will definitely give it another chance but if the service doesn't rise to the heights of the spectacular design, there are better served properties in town. JD from Dallas	
May 23 2008 	Best in Vegas	I think the other reviews say it really, this place will be the top spot in Vegas once the word gets out. We stayed for 2 nights, I discoverd it purly by accident. I planned ot book us into The Palms and was googling to try and find a floor plan of their junior suit when an article popped up about &quot;palms place&quot; I read it and then found their website. A suit was the same price as a suit at The Palms so I thought lets give it a try. We arrived by car and were greated instantly by the vallet. There was no line for registration and we were checked in within a couple of minutes. The reception is very cool minimalist desgin with a connected bar. Everything looks very 21st century and has a very young trendy vibe to it. The front desk staff were very good and explained where everything was. The rooms are the same modern young trendy design as the rest of the building. The rooms are all suites and have 2 x 42&quot; plasmas with DVD players + another smaller LCD TV and DVD in the bathroom. The bathrooms are big and spacious with a large tub and connected shower. Again a superb trendy deisgn and great for relaxing in. The bed was very comfortable and we had a great vew out over the strip. Every need is attended to by the staff and their is even an SOS (service on the spot) button on the phone in case you need anything. Palms Place is connected to The Palms via a moving walkway which has security. Its a very short walk and no problem at all. You get the use of all The Palms facilities as well as those at Palms Place. We ate at The Palms buffet both mornings and nights, its average as far as Vegas goes but good value for money. Ghost Bar and Moon are fantastic clubs and well worth a visit if you in the 21-35 age range. There is also a cinema at The Palms which is state of the art.We used the pool at Palms Place, it was not a very hot day so the pool was quite, I imagine it will stay that way with the young party crowd using the Plams pool and the plams place one being more of a chill out zone. The pool is a nice design and would be fantastic in better weather.We did not eat at Simons resturant but it looks like something very special, we were both very jet lagged from the flight from the UK so were not really in the mood for a long sit down evening meal. Thought our stay the entire staff of the hotel were 2nd to none. No pretention at all. It makes such a difference when even the security guys say &quot;Hello&quot; and &quot;Good morning&quot;. Everyone The Waitress at the pool to the concierge, the front desk staff, the security were helpfull and very viglent. I play in a band and were starting to get somewhere but this is what I imagine the full rockstar treatment must be like, the great thing about plams place is if your a rockstar or not you get the same high standards of service. Hell I am going to bring my band band to this place for a holiday next year for the drummers 21 thats how impressed I was with this hotel. And when you thought it could not get any better here is the icing on the cake. It was my girlfriends birthday and I informed the hotel on the resevation. Room service came up with chocolate covered strawberry compliments of Palms Place as a birthday gift, now that is what I call service. We paid $179 a night, I can imagine these prices will go up once the word gets out about this place.I have stayed at The Venitian, Ceasers Palace, Mirage, Mandalay Bay etc... and this is my current No.1I am currently writing this from The Signiture at MGM so far the sat here has also been very impresive so you never know but so far Palms Place is going to be where I return in the future.	
May 23 2008 	Great Hoenymoon Spot-Far From The Action At The Palms	This hotel was a fantastic and did not know they upgraded me from my superior room reservation since the hotel was sold out. This room was outrageous and just has others said. The hotel was not officially opened and I was the first to use the mini suite room. It had beautiful floors kitchen and Jacuzzi. These are also residences and you do feel like a celebrity staying here. If you are looking for a nice romantic getaway this is your place with the newest rooms in town. A negative is the walk which is quite long to the main casino and pool at the Palms. It is a motorized walkway and elevator. They will drive you over but it is a bit of a hastle.The pool at Palms place was very quiet so we went to the Palms where all the action was.If you are honeymooning this is your place. All the other action is in the main hotel so you may want to book the regular rooms at the Palms depending what you are looking for.	
May 12 2008 	Best Hotel Experience We've Ever Had. Highly recommend to anyone! A+	My significant other and I stayed at the Palms Place Hotel for an entire week in Las Vegas. I've been to Vegas before and stayed in many of the hotel's on the strip. I also travel a lot and have stayed in many hotels, in many cities. This was by far the best experience I've ever had in a hotel, so much so I'd love to snatch up a permanent unit if I could swing it. The staff went above and beyond to make us feel like VIP's even though we were just your average joe's, staying in the least expensive room. By the time we left we knew most of the staff by name, and vice versa. Anything anyone could do to make our stay better they did, from driving us a few times in lieu of a cab, to helping us book hard to get tickets to show's, to constantly asking us if we needed anything at all and much more. They truly were the definition of &quot;above and beyond&quot;. As for the appearance of the hotel it also was top notch. We are South Beach snobs, regularly in the best hotels (The Delano, Shoreclub, just so you have comparisons) and clubs and were seeking the same in Vegas. We most definitely found it. The views were uncomparable to any other on the strip, the beds were so comfortable we were often anxious to go back and sleep rather then go play. They come with complete kitchens that I'm embarrassed to say was much nicer then the one we have at home. Whether you want to cook a meal on the stove, heat up your leftovers in the microwave, or make a mixed drink in the blender, you have everything you need. Then you either just plunk it in the dishwasher or housekeeping will do it for you. The bathroom's were marble and frosted glass with a RAIN shower big enough for several people (forget why I might know that) and a giant tub with jets that will make any woman screech in delight. Light a couple candles and order your filet mignon room service and your in for a night to remember. There is also 3 tv's in the smallest room's (yes 3!), I can't imagine how many in the larger rooms. So I was able to watch tv in the bathroom and then in the main room, I was able to channel flip my plasma while by boyfriend kept his locked in on ESPN, particularly useful for when he takes 5 minutes to get ready and I take an hour and half. Or more. The rooms were stunning from the stainless steel, wood walls, marble floors, ultra modern decor to the wallpaper I wanted to rip off the walls and take home. The pool is equally as modern and sophisticated, with a great bar and attentive staff. If your in a party mood you can walk over to the original palms pool where it's spring break all the time, be sure to check out the Mexican restaurant near the pool for the best fruit margarita's you will ever have. My boyfriend put up a fight when I insisted he order a giant pink drink but I didn't hear any complaints the entire time he sucked it down while watching the beautiful people in the pool and listening to a fantastic dj. We also ate at N9ne for his birthday dinner upon several recommendation's and we weren't disappointed. We called last minute (9:30 pm for 9:45 reservations) and they got us right in, even though the place was packed with beautiful women and business men. My boyfriend described his meal as &quot;phenomonal&quot; and I, being a vegetarian had less to choose from, ordered a few gourmet sides and was thrilled to find everything was beyond my expectation's including dessert which is a must at this place. We found ourselves wandering down to Rojo Lounge several times where the drinks are unique and delicious, the interior is stunning and sophisticated, the staff is friendly and addressed us by name after the first day and the patron's were excellent eye candy, especially on the weekends. I ordered one of their specialties which was a jalapeno mandarin concoction that I stuck with the rest of the trip. Although I suggest you have Chad make you a bloody mary at the pool. The casino at the palms wasn't my personal favorite but you can go play in the playboy club once that opens at night and you will definitely enjoy yourself. The palms has become famous for the young and fun, great music, beautiful girls and guys alike but the Palms Place takes that and kicks it up several levels to an unparalleled level of elegance, 5 star service, ultra luxury while keeping up with hip, place to be and be seen sentiment that comes with the Palms. I can't say enough good thing's about this place or our stay to really convey it. I am already looking forward to staying with them again in a few month's as this will be my new regular stay in Vegas, I will never stay anywhere else again. A+ to the hotel and everyone who works there. I HIGHLY recommend it to anyone and everyone. Trust me you won't find a better place to stay. This IS the new place to be in Las Vegas.	
May 9 2008 	Palms Place worth checking out	Stayed 2 nights at Palms Place. I'll try to provide some details that will help you decide whether you'd like to stay. This was our 6th annual Vegas trip and we've previously stayed at THE Hotel, the Venetian, TI, Wynn, Red Rock, Signature. We're young 40's.Overall, our stay was very enjoyable. Everyone who has reviewed this place agrees that the rooms are beautiful. Very comfortable, modern and good looking. The bed was amazing! Could have been the best bed I've ever slept in. The TV's were big and stunning. They had one of those clock radios that you could hook your ipod into - which worked out great for an late night drunken dance party for two! (Don't worry, I don't think that there were any other hotel guests that night - so we were not inconsiderate drunks). We requested a room with a balcony and a strip view and they happily accomodated us. The view was great.The lobby was cool, modern and minimal, with cool funky music playing. Check In was simple since there was nobody else on line.There seemed to be more employees than guests, but were were told by a very nice bellhop that only a fraction of the rooms - which are actually condos owned by individuals - were currently available for rent. So although the place was pretty dead during our stay (a good thing as far as I am concerned) I would think that it won't always be that way.It was about a 4 minute trip from our room to the Palms casino. The Palms casino was OK, but nothing spectacular. The only meal we had there was at Garduno's at the Palms- which was sloppy Mexican food. I would not go back there. All of the employees at Palms Place were very polite and helpful. We ordered a 3AM turkey club from room service which was delicious and delivered within about 15 minutes. The only disappointment was the pool at Palms Place - and especially the cabanas. The pool area was pretty small and tight. There is a very nice bar area with nice bartenders and a nice waitress serving poolside. The pool area looked OK, but not spectacular. We had considered renting a cabana for the day ($250 weekdays/$350 weekends) which I think would have been a huge waste of money. They were not particularly inviting to look at nor were they very private. Other people could lounge on chairs about 10 feet away from the wide open cabana. They did play the same cool funky music at the pool, which was way more enjoyable than the loud bad house/club music that we heard this trip at the Palms pool, and at the Venetian pool. By the way, we think the Red Rock has the nicest pool area of anyplace we've stayed in Vegas.We took cabs to/from the strip. About a 10 minute ride and about $12.We went to Ghostbar at the Palms. We did not know what expect. There were no lines and we were pleasantly surprised at the old crowd (30-50 year olds) on Tuesday and Wednesday night and the music was a good mix of danceable music. The $20 cover charge was waived for hotel guests. The view is stunning from up there - but we were already spoiled because our room view was similar. The number of security personnel on the way up the elevators and into the club made me feel like there were nightly shootings, but it was actually a very nice crowd. I think they intentionally put those people out there to make it somehow feel more &quot;exclusive&quot;.	
May 1 2008 	Feel like a celebrity at Palms Place	My wife, 3 year old daughter and myself, stayed here for 4 nights this April. It only opened the month before.I had been waiting and waiting to see any types of real photos to show up online for a couple months, but no luck (other than the Palms provided file photos).We actually spend 4 nights in the regular Palms first, then checked out and stayed the next 4 nights in Palms Place.We were sure impressed with how nice the unit is, but i will get back to that later.First off, to get from Palms to Palms place, you have to go up an elevator , then you have to take what they call the &quot;Skytube&quot;, which is essentially 2 moving sidewalks, in a long hallway with pictures of Palms advertisements on the walls on the left side, and windows looking outside on the right side.The funny thing is this elevator only seems to go up four or five feet.At the end of the 2 moving sidewalks(which takes about 3 minutes to go across, it is just as fast to walk really almost)There is always a security guard standing there who always greets you as you enter the corridors of Palms Place(he must be bored stiff as there never seemed to be anyone but us on the Skytube at any given time)The other funny thing is, they change security guards every fifteen minutes or so, there was times i ran up to my room to get something and came back down again ,and there was another security guard there.There is no shuttle to the strip from what I could see, but its a known fact you can cross the street, and within 4 or 5 minutes be at the Gold Coast Casino, which has a free shuttle to Bills Gamblin' Hall on the strip(next to Flamingo)You really do feel like a celebrity walking in and out of the casino itself, there is limos , Escalade's, etc waiting outside the doors always, and there is always 2 or 3 people willing to open the door for you at any given moment.I admit , i did have higher expectations for the lobby, it is one of the most basic lobbyies i have seen in Las Vegas and quite tiny.But it is also a condo, not just a hotel, so perhaps that is why.There is always just 1 person at a counter standing there waiting to check someone in, and i never seen anyone else checking in, or out, or even in the elevators, but this could be because alot of people are not aware of this place.In fact whenever I mentioned to one of the locals who asked where I was staying, they never heard of it!Now as for a hotel room, it may possibly not get much better than this. Marble wall to wall and floor in the bathroom, where do you get that? Hardwood flooring throughout, a posh lounge couch to sit on , and top this, 2 Plasma TVS in the living room/bedroom area. I guess thats good if you want to have a sports game on one tv with the sound turned down, and watch a movie on the other,etc.They also had about 10 or 15 HD channels you could watch, which looked amazing.There even is a tv in the bathroom!The shower was a nice walk in with a glass door and waterfall shower head, you just dont see that, it is as modern as it gets!A great jetted jacuzzi tub was nice too.There is a kitchen with stainless steel appliances and all the utensils, plates, glasses, can openers, you name it, it was all thought out, you could live here essentially as a furnished apartment!The room even had a balcony which had a great view of the strip too!We were disappointed we had to walk all the way to the Palms pool as this one was not open yet, but the funny thing is, they told us when we were checking out it was going to open that day(arggh)The rates are still very good at the Palms Place, it is silly to spend the same price and stay at somewhere else(like an older or basic room on the strip),	
Apr 27 2008 	Very Good But...	I added two days to my recent Las Vegas trip to experience Palms Place while the rates are still reasonable. This was my first time staying off the strip but I was very impressed with the hotel and its employees (with the exception of the housekeeping statf which I will get to later).The hotel is gated and you can tell before entering they are going after celebrities and the younger demographic. There was a Bentley and Porsche left in one of the valet parking lanes and one of the hotels limos was a stretch Escalade and there was also a stretch escalade golf cart used to ferry guests around the property. Palms place is separated from the palms by a massive parking deck but there is an enclosed moving sidewalk on the second level connecting the two properties.One of the things that really impressed me about the property was the staff training as well as staff numbers. The only door I opened was to my room. All other times there was staff there to open the doors for me. Checkin was a breeze. The hallways were kind of dark though with the chocholate colored wallpaper. The rooms were very nice. The first area you see to the right as you enter you room is a high-end all stainless steel kitchen. There is two part refrigerator with the honor bar part at the top with the bottom part containing a large icemaker with room for your own items. There is a two burner cooktop with a light to indicate when it is on and a separate light to warn you the burners are stil hot after you rurn them off. They also provide you with a toster, tea kettle, a mixer, pots, pans utinsels, forks, spoons, knives plates, glasses, goblets and juice glasses. There is also a garbage disposal and a drawer type dishwasher. The dishwasher and emptty drawer below it are accessed by rolling the breakfast bar forward. The unit is decorated down to the lighting. in the modern style. The comfortable bed is on a platform with numerous pillows There are an abundance of electircal outlets to plug in your personal items.Both nightstand lamps have electircal outlets. There are two high definition large screen televisions in the room. One faces the bed while the other faces the very large sectional sleeper sofa. I think there were around 10 High definition cable cannels which includes two ESPN channels which displlayed amazing clarity. There is also a amaller TV in the bathroom with a built in DVD player. You can also play your Ipod or MP3 player though the alam clock. There was only a small amount of carpet in the room around the sectional seating area. The bathroom and kitchen were in White marble while the bed was surrounded by hardwoods Hardwood flooring also surrounded the carpeded area around the sectional and chair. The chair is low to the ground but is quite comfortable. There was also a long walnut looking laminated storage unit with cubbyholes and the opening for the desk that extended from the kitchen to near the window. With all the high end items in the room you kind of wonder why they went the the laminate.One of the big plusses for me is the room has a large window that you can actually open to get fresh air. My room did not have a balcony but the windoow, strip view, and the sectional adjacent to the window made up for it.The bathroom is absolutely fantastic. It containes a TV with built in DVD player which could be seen from the tub, shower, and the vanity area. The Tub has six jets and includes a wave button that modulates the intensity of the jets from soft to strong at certain intervals. Just the thing to soothe an acking back. The shower has two heads.One is a waterfall type head located on the ceiling and the other is a removable one located on the side. The waterfall shower head was quite nice. Just be careful the second lever is in the proper position before stepping in the shower otherwise you will be drenched from both the top and the side.The pool iwas open but not the poolside restaurant. The pool area is very nice with the cabanas and the firepit next to the Jacuzzi, and the chairs situated out in the pool. The hotel also contained a lounge bar and elaborate spa.Other entertainment venues including numerous clubs and a 14 screen movie theater are located in the Palms which is only a short moving sidewalk walk away. The moving sidewalk or Tube as they refer to it, is in an enclosed air conditioned structure spanning the length of the massive marking deck separating Palms Place from the Palms. you do not have to go outside though. You enter it from the second floor of Palms Place and you exit down an elevator near the food cour at the Palms. Music playes the length of the tube and Palms place has an attendant stationed on their end so it does not get creepy. There are also a number of cameras along the way.The only downside was the housekeeping. The Laminated walnut was very dusty and there was aso a lot of dust along with fingerprints on the stainless steel in the kitchen. A prior guest did not realize the silk shams were there for decoration and not be slept on. There were stains on both shams. They provide you with six pillows on the bet wlong with two in the closet but someone chose to sleep and slob ut the shams. There was also a disgusting stain on the ottomon in the window. There is a 24 hour SOS (Service-on-the-Spot) button on the telehpone with staff available to take care of any of your needs and issues.I received a $40 room service credit along with coupons for a free drink at the bar and 25% off spa services. Room service runs 24-7 and the food was quite good.Every staff member I encountered was impeccably groomed and extremely courteous. The housekeeping area needs work though.	
Apr 26 2008 	Great hotel but not quite ready	Palms Place is a new condo hotel, that is connected to the Palms hotel / casino via a motorized walkway. Palms Place opened in March 2008, but construction was still going on when we stayed there April 7-11. We could not open the balcony door of our 12th floor studio during the day because of the noise from the construction of the swimming pool on the 6th floor. The swimming pool is expected tot open sometime in May. Until then, you can use the pool at the Palms.The interior of the hotel is very modern. The hallways are dark, with brown carpets, brown walls and brown ceilings. The lobby is very spacious, with high ceilings. The bell men / valet were always quick to open the front door for us, even when we did not carry any bags. Our studio was large an had a balcony. We had a view of the strip, which was stunning, especially at night. The room has a king bed with lots of cushions. The sitting area has a couch that two people can easily lie on. There are two 42' flat screen tvs, one facing the bed and one facing the couch. The kitchen was complete with coffee maker (bring your own coffee pads), dishwasher, toaster, blender. There were plenty of plates, glasses, cups etc.The bathroom is large and has its own tv. The shower and jacuzzi are separated from the rest of the bathroom by a glass door. The 'wall' between the bathroom and the bedroom is frosted glass. You cannot see through the glass but I suppose it can give you an uncomfortable feeling as you can see the light from the lamps and the tv in the bedroom. There was a card in the bathroom saying that bathrobes were provided. They were not there during our stay. The hotel still has issues to work out concerning housekeeping. On our first day housekeeping didn't show up until 4:15 pm. We were in the room so I just asked for clean towels. The second day all used towels were removed without being replaced. I had to call for clean towels. Trash was not removed until the third day, when I placed the full trash cans next to the door.All said, I think Palms Place is a beautiful, upscale new hotel. I will stay there again, after they've finished contruction.	
Jan 18 2009 	fue maravilloso		
Dec 2 2008 	???????????		
Nov 20 2008 	Außen hui - Innen pfui		
Sep 16 2008 	Fabuleux extraordinaire merveilleux ... A ne pas manquer		
Jul 12 2008 	Jederzeit wieder		
May 11 2008 	Fantastischer Ausblick und super Zimmer absolut zu empfehlen		
