Sep 15 2009 	JUST PERFECT IT HAS EVERYTHING!	it s spacious, clean, good service, polite stuff,and the restaurant fantastic!	
May 26 2008 	New clean convenient hotel off-strip in Vegas	I agree the bed was very comfortable with very soft pillows, and hotel is new and clean. Perfect for my 4-year old twins to run around in, and also they enjoyed swimming at the heated pool. There is a small gym with a treadmill, step machine and a bowflex machine so that you can exercise off all the calories from the Vegas buffets. The hotel also offers FREE unlimited bottled water at the front desk which is according to the front desk lady &quot;Yared?&quot; is one less thing for guests to worry about - they provide the drinking water. The breakfast lady Maria still allowed us to get some food even if breakfast was supoosed to end at 10 AM -- there was a lot of cereal and fruit and we did not get to use the waffle machine though. The distance from the strip did not bother us because with kids we do prefer to be away from the hustle and bustle. A newly opened Mexican restaurant/eatery across the street in front of the hotel offered very cheap tasty fresh soft tacos and burritos, and a gas station and a convenience store was a few hundred feet from the hotel parking. Over-all a convenient and clean hotel to stay in and perfect for small families with kids, although I did see a newly wed couple check-in at the hotel. Price is very reasonable.	
Mar 7 2008 	Average at Best	I stayed at the Comfort Inn and Suites over President's Day Weekend when I was in town for a large volleyball tournament. The hotel was very loud at night, but that was not the problem of the hotel it was lots of kids staying there with their teams.Our room was nice and new. The hotel is obviously new. However, we had ants in our bathroom coming out of the wall the first night. When I called the front desk I was told there was only one person working and I had to go down myself and get the spray and spray myself.Then I tried to use two vending machines for bottled water. One ate my money and the other gave me pop. The front desk did give me my money back, but come on now. Finally, the TV in our room did not work. After the experience with the ants I did not bother trying to get the TV fixed.The hotel is away from the hustle and bustle. Not too sure about the neighborhood down the street from the hotel, but that is part of Vegas.They did have free computer to use in lobby and that was nice. Staff was helpful as they could be, but seemed like they need to have two people on duty at night, not one.This was a so so stay for me and not sure if I would recommend in future.	
Nov 19 2007 	Best 	There have been several times that I've driven by this particular Comfort Inn. I always forget to book it as it is out of the way and the one on Paradise is central to all my locations. This time, I chose the correct one. This is the best Comfort Inn in Vegas. No doubts about it. It's super quiet, away from the strip, the breakfast is good and the ambiance (lol) is excellent. I decided to stop patronizing the one on Paradise Road as I had seen several people walk right off the road and into the breakfast area, load up and leave. I let management know and they looked at me like I was speaking a dialect too difficult to understand. :) Anyway, I love this hotel and will always book here. The room is spacious, clean, the TV is great and the bathroom is great! I would attach pictures but I left my camera on the plane. Oh, what a night.	
Jul 5 2007 	Nice hotel in quiet location	Location:A little far from Vegas(which wasn't really that bad)Great hotel inside and out;it seems new(maybe only 2 yrs in service. The room was fabulous, nice bathroom(it was clean and looked a little expensive). The beds were absolutely phenomenal, we got i think 5 pillows for one bed and they were so comfy. There was even a little sleeper sofa that you could sit on and relax. The breakfast was not as phenomenal but above average;yogart,cereal,the usual. There was even a big flat screen tv to watch while you were eating.Overall, I'd say this is better than the Strip hotel and casinos but a little pricy.	
May 10 2007	Nice hotel away from the hustle and bustle	Stayed here for 2 nights at the weekend in April 2007 to escape the very high strip/downtown casino hotel rates.This hotel is fairly new so the fixtures and fittings all look good. The room was clean and tidy and check in staff were pleasant. Not located in a particularly scenic area, but the area felt safe.The breakfast was the usual toast, bagels, muffins, fruit, cereal, coffee, juice etc, which would have been fine if we could have found somewhere to sit to eat it. There was a school sports team staying whilst we were there and they took over every table and chair in the lobby area to eat breakfast, and even trying to get to the breakfast counter to choose something to eat was quite daunting with teenagers standing in front of all the food! Anyway, I persevered and took everything back to my room to eat.I would recommend this hotel for someone not wanting to pay the high weekend prices of the strip/downtown hotels, we paid $89 a night, which given the amenities and the cleanliness of the hotel was probably about right.	
Feb 12 2007 	Nice new hotel	We booked this hotel because of its proximity to the Las Vegas Speedway, which is where we were going early the next morning. When we arrived, about 11:30pm, we learned the hotel had only been open a month. The room was a good size, and came with a small fridge, which is always nice. Senior rate starts at age 50 so we scored that. The complimentary breakfast had lots of selection and we left full. The only thing I wasn't fond of, was the noisy heater/room air conditioner. The bed was great, and once you were asleep, the heater didn't wake us. We'll have no problem staying there again.	
