Oct 21 2009 	Great place to stay and play	Like some have said, it is a little rough around the edges, in need of some paint but overall very pleased with the resort. We had 2 units for a week for 9 of us. Been to Vegas many times staying at Strip and downtown. This was a nice relaxing break from daily casino exposure. Plenty of room at the pool compared to elbow to elbow at many casino pools. Great bar-b-que grills and outdoor space by pool and hot tub. Shuttle service to strip and Fremont street was handy. Staff was friendly and willing to accomodate. Only 45 minutes from Lake Mead. Found a great place to rent a pontoon for an afternoon of cruising and sand bar lunch. Also fast easy access to any activities you want.Will definitely book back with the Cliffs again!	
Oct 21 2009 	A nice quiet spot in Vegas	My husband and I just returned from a 6 night stay at the Cliffs at Peace Canyon. We booked this trip as an exchange through RCI. If you are used to staying in Condo exchanges, I would say this resort is average to above average. For us, staying off the strip was a plus. It is close enough that you can be to the Strip or Fremont Street in less than a half an hour and we found Las Vegas very easy to navigate. The big plus is that it is a nice quiet neighborhood. Perfect for the lazy trip we had planned. Sleeping in and relaxing at the pool were peaceful and relaxing. I would give this resort a higher rating but the units are a little dated, the bedroom has a full bed instead of a queen, and there were several pool chairs that need to be replaced.	
Aug 31 2009 	Had a Great Time!	Just wanted to say that we have just returned from a 2 week stay at the Cliffs at Peace Canyon....we had a great time. The 2 bedroom appartment was great, perhaps a little tired in places, but it was very clean, air conditioning was working the whole time of our stay. A dead battery in the smoke detector which was pinging was replaced the same day. Swimming pool was great as this could be used from 8.00 am till Midnight which was marvellous as the temperature was still in the 90's late at night. It was close to several supermarkets &amp; eateries. It is about a 15-20 minute easy drive to the strip with free parking at all of the major hotels. While there, we travelled to the Grand Canyon, Death Valley, Hoover Dam &amp; Red Rock Canyon. An Excellent holiday had by all!	
Aug 9 2009 	Dont stay here	They have a new policy that when you leave your unit, the air conditioner shuts off. In the summer this is not good. We returned hours later to a stifling hot room of 85 degrees, which then took hours to cool. Dated furniture, small beds, no music by pool,....this place is not very accommodating. Shop elsewhere.	
Jul 27 2009 	Great place to stay off the strip but close enough to get to the action	Arrived at Cliffs @ Peace, off the strip about 5 miles, which was perfect for a family like ours that didn't want to be directly on the strip the entire vacation. It had a small pool and hot tub, and the room was nicely decorated and large. Only problem is, it only has a queen sized bed in both of the bedrooms, and a pull out couch in the living room. The room had a large kitchen. Family sized washer and dryer. You were assigned parking also, but they had extra spaces. Also, if possible get a room near the pool its definately worth it. Our room was also on the top level which made it hard to take grocery up the 11 steps in the heat. They also had a pool table in the lobby, a comfortable tv room off the lobby and a computer room off the lobby that had about 5 computers available for guest.We went for July 4th and it was the best fireworks show I've ever seen. Definately worth it. We also took in some of the free shows and activities on the strip. The pirate show, the erupting volcano, the fountain show, the mardi gras parade and many other little sights to see. We were disappointed in Circus Circus ... too crowded and the place was dirty and over priced. However our day trip to the Grand Canyon, Hoover Dam and Lake Meade was awesome.	
Jun 18 2009 	Great for quiet time and family	This is not a typical Vegas Strip location. Located about as far West as you can go and still be in the city. There is a free shuttle service to the Strip, downtown, and a grocery store, but I recommend a car. These condo style units are in a residential community. Relatively quiet, especially if you are not right next to the pool. There are plenty of stores and eating establishments nearby. This location is close to the beltway so getting around is easy. Decent interiors, carpet and furniture a little worn but clean. Warning: beds are Doubles. Very small if you are used to a Queen or King size bed. Great pool and hot tub. Acceptable fitness center. 2 of 3 free computers were out of order, the one working was not working well. Staff courteous and helpful, but stay at front desk. Lots of families with children.	
Jun 15 2009 	Peace at Peace Canyon	My 50th birthday surprise was a trip to Vegas and a week's stay at The Cliffs. The Cliffs are a bit older and the accommodations are dated, but, if you don't want to stay right on the strip but enjoy the convenience of gas, groceries and food close by, this is a nice place to stay. It doesn't have a lot of amenities to speak of, just a pool, bar b que area and minimal gym. We didn't spend a lot of day time at the Cliffs. We chose to use it mainly for a place to crash at night. Everything was at least adequate. The air conditioning system worked well, nice kitchen and laundry facilities. Well lit walkways and covered parking. All in all, it was a very nice place to stay. Our unit did have these high windows with no covering and it's daylight at 5:30 in the morning. We had to stuff pillows in each opening to make the bedroom dark.	
Jun 14 2009 	A Wonderful Resort	My wife and I just returned from a one week stay at The Cliffs at Peace Canyon. We had a terrific stay. The minute we drove up to the front of the resort and saw the two-storey buildings, we knew that we were going to love the smaller scale. We stayed in a two bedroom, two bathroom unit. The only gripe we had was the fact that the beds were only full size and not queen or double, oh well, we had to sleep a little closer together. The beds were very comfortable. Sure the resort is showing a little bit of wear in a few places, like the doors in the cabinetry of the kitchen and bathroom look like they need to be adjusted a little, but you can just imagine the useage they get from the number of guests. The kitchen was well equipped, fridge with icemaker, stove, dishwasher, dishes and cutlery, washer/dryer. They even provided some dishwashing detergent, dish soap, coffee filters and laundry detergent. The pool area was very nice with a cool pool, a hot tub, plenty of chairs and even four barbeques for the use of the guests. As I said, we had an excellent time, met some great people around the pool and will definitely go back. The hotel was a bit off the strip but could be reached by car in 15 minutes. The resort did have a shuttle service but we did not use it. The staff were very friendly and courteous.	
May 8 2009 	A few unwanted visitors	We stayed at the Cliffs from 4/26 to 5/2. We had stayed there the year before and thought it was a good deal and offered some &quot;quiet&quot; time away from the strip. We were inside about 1 hour when we spotted a roach in the kitchen and then another in the Living room and then in a bathroom. When we called the desk, they did offer to change our room. However I know that our unit couldn't have been the only one with this problem. They were very courteous and prompt about spraying the unit and we did only see one through the rest of the week. I was very nervous about possibly bringing an unwanted visitor home with me. The linens at this resort were also very worn and shabby, but the service was excellent. The staff was great, but they do need some improvements to keep me coming back.	
Apr 30 2009 	If you want to avoid the Strip enjoy the family this is the spot!!!	My wife, 2 year old and 8 week old were driving to Las Vegas to see friends from college and have a get together. Being a 150 day a year traveller, I wanted something that was family friendly. This property was PERFECT. The Cliffs at Peace Canyon, is west of downtown Las Vegas, a comfortable twenty-minute drive by car. We stayed in a one-bedroom units, over 1044 square feet of combined living space, which was plenty od space. It had a full sized kitchen do we were able to buy some breakfast items and keep them in the fridge, which helped us save some money. We relaxed in the swimming pool and heated spa; worked out in the fitness facility, and they have a huge clubhouse. This property will be our place when we want to stay off the strip.	
Apr 24 2009 	I Was Impressed!!!	I was very pleased with this hotel. We have teenagers and they are very hard to please. They absolutely loved it. It felt like being at home. The kitchen had everything you could possibly need. The beds were very comfortable, even the sofabed. The condo was very clean. It also had indoor laundry. Lots of ammenities.Lots of towels which was great because our teenagers forgot their towels for the pool. The pool is heated which was nice. It had a pool table inside the lounge area which my husband liked. If you don't like all the chaos of the strip than you would love to stay here. We needed some snacks and the good thing is that everything is so close. Target is right down the street. It was a good place especially for the price. And believe me I checked around. It really isn't that far from the strip, less than 10 minutes if that. We really enjoyed our stay and will be going there again.	
Apr 23 2009 	Great Condo / Clean and updated / Parked right outside unit	We stayed at the Cliff on April 2 for 3 nites. We were on the Harley for a HD HOG training that was at the Red Rock Casino. So, parking close was a great asset. The condo was perfect, Full kitchen with w/d in closet area, which I used. The bathroom was clean and nice size. The bedroom was large and nice sheets and bedding with a TV in amoire. Only thing bed was small for us. We have a king and nothing quite compares. So, I slept on the couch. Livingroom was beautiful and tv and gas fireplace to take chill off in evening. I would stay again. I did use the shuttle to downtown and was on time and nice staff. They did call one am for a presentation, I'm assuming, but I had appts and they never called again. Great Staff, helpful and gave my friend great directions when she got lost.	
Apr 1 2009 	Cockroaches at the Cliffs at Peace Canyon stay away...	We booked a 2 night stay through Hotels.com. When we checked into our room or condo we immediately noticed cockroaches behind the couch, in the closet and the bedroom. Some were alive, some dead. We instantly complained to the staff and they told us &quot;Cockroaches were normal to see in Las Vegas and Florida hotels.&quot; I told them we didn't feel we should have to stay here and requested a refund. They told us they would only give us a refund for 1 night. They also said for us to leave our bags outside when we returned home incase we brought some roaches or eggs with us home. We were very upset and called Hotels.com which were absolutely useless. We were getting nowhere fast and still had to find a hotel for that night. Don't let their good reviews fool you and make the same mistake we did. You also won't get a penny back from Hotels.com. STAY AWAY FROM THE CLIFFS....Las Vegas.	
Mar 31 2009 	I really love this place!	This is the second time that I have stayed here. It is about 6 miles from the strip but it seems much closer since it is one long road. It is very close to Red Rock Casino, which is one of my favorites, so I like that! It is very close to Red Rock canyon, which is a beautiful place to take a walk or a picnic.You can also walk to Target, some great restaurants (Cafe Deia is one of them), and some cute stores.The rooms are very clean and updated. Each has a small balcony, with a table and chair set on it. Last year, I stayed in a one bedroom which was bigger than most hotel rooms, but not nearly as big or as nice as the two bedroom. The two bedroom has a master bedroom with it's own bathroom and a closet that is as big as a bedroom!The pool and jacuzzi are very nice. They also have a 24 hour computer room which is free! And it is never busy,there are about 5-6 computers and a printer.It has a full kitchen, stocked with dishes, coffee pot and filters, everything you would need to not eat out every meal. I've had two great experiences there and would gladly return!	
Mar 29 2009 	Great Value	On this trip I traveled with my boyfriend and two friends. We are all in our late 20's.Before checking into the Cliffs I read many reviews. All in all, I found our experience to be VERY good, and found most of the reviews to be petty and negative. Upon checking in we were greeted nicely and were given the time share talk, however after quickly saying we were not interested we were able to walk away. This was done in UNDER 5 minutes. They did call us once during the stay to ask if we had been introduced to the time share opportunity and I simply said we weren't interested, NO BIG DEAL! The grounds on the Cliffs property were beautiful and the hot tub was GREAT! We also loved our 2 bedroom condo unit. While some things were outdated as another guest put it, we had no trouble making the best of everything we were given. We also spent minimal time in our room because we were always out sight seeing or enjoying the pool/hot tub, thus at the end of the day we had no complaints. It was wonderful to come back to a cool room with a stocked fridge and a comfortable bed. We also had no trouble with noise outside our room or with other patrons/staff. The only issue we had with the Cliffs was the distance from the strip. BUT, we knew this going into it! Thus we can't really complain. The shuttle ran from 10am until 11:30pm and two of the drivers were EXCELLENT! The other drive we did not so much care for, but oh well. Because we often stayed out later than 11:30pm it was a hassle and expensive to take cabs back to the cliffs. But, once again we figured this would be the case before we arrived. People also complained about making a reservation for the free shuttle, which was really no big deal. Usually the day before when we made our plans for the following day I called down to the front desk and made our reservation. We only had trouble one time the entire 6 days we there getting the shuttle we wanted. And even then, we just picked the later one, once again no big deal! I also made and changed many shuttle reservations the same day we were taking them. The staff is willing to be flexible for you if you are patient and friendly to them. In the end we LOVED the Cliffs. The only reason we would choose not to stay there is the distance it is to the strip.	
Mar 12 2009 	Not what we expected	We traded our timeshare through RCI. I guess I am spoiled with our home based timeshare in Orlando Florida, where there are so many more ammenities than the Cliffs. I would only recommend the Cliffs for single couples , newlyweds or older couples that want to relax the whole time in their unit. I am relieved that we didn't bring our children, otherwise it would have been a very loooong vacation. There was absoutly nothing for guests to participate in besides the pool &amp; hottub. Although there was a pool table on site (if you play pool).I was very dissapointed that a $50 fee was assessed if internet was requested in your unit. Even Super 8 hotels give free internet?? We also received a sales call from a bank asking to lower our credit card interest rate. How did they get our individual unit #?? Although the unit was very clean and supplied with everything you needed for the week and the decor was lovely, the layout of the unit was questionable. Why would you have such a large closet in each unit. I would have used this space to maybe enlarge the bedroom for a king size bed. I am sorry to say that I would not stay at the Cliffs again.	
Mar 8 2009 	Cliffs at Peace Canyon - Middle of the Road for us	We arrived at 1:30 and were not able to get our room untiil 4:00, which is the posted check-in time, which was fine with us. We went to Red Rock Casino a few miles away to kill a few hours, and that worked out well.Once we got in our unit and assessed what we would need from the store, we headed to close-by Wal-Mart, which is also an enormous grocery store. Best to go with a specific list made in advance, otherwise you will be overwhelmed and spend hours there. The unit included two small boxes of laundry detergent. I always bring a few dryer sheets (how easy that is for packing), and I also bring my own small plastic bottle of detergent, just in case. There were four adults, so we did use all of it, although I imagine you could get more. There is a small bottle of dish soap in the kitchen, plenty of towels and potholders, paper towels, toilet tissue, and facial tissue is there, with excess in the vantities. There are also plenty of trash bags, but the bags are terrible quality and break easily, so be careful.The beds are all queen sized. I knew this before I went, so I want to say I wasn't disappointed, but I still was. Every time I trade my timeshare, we have a large king-bedroom and usually a whirlpool tub. I have king at home, so we found the queen a little challenging. My last few trades have also had amazing mattresses and great sheets. I did not find this to be the case at the Cliffs. One of our face towels in the master bath was so threadbare and grayish that it looked like a car washing towel. Nothing was plush, same for the pool towels. I hated the comforter and blanket on the bed, the scratchy, not comfy type. The room was small and wouldn't have accommodated a king bed, though, so there is nothing they can do about that. I was underwhelmed by the master bath. There was a long countertop but only one sink, and it was so low by todays' standards. Very dated. Shower was fine, great water pressure, and the tub was a bit oversized and quite comfortable. Minimal towels given.We didn't need to use any front desk services, but the people there seemed very pleasant. The pool area and hot tub area were just lovely, very well maintained, and the four built-in gas grills are fantastic. The area where the grills are is well lit and very clean. We grilled outside twice, and it was fantastic. Near the grills is an outdoor fireplace for those wanting to eat outdoors at the high-top table by the fireplace.If you like to exercise on vacation, the fitness center leaves much to be desired, in my opinion. Two treadmills, neither calibrated to the right speed or incline. The belt was loose on one of them, and they are dated . There are NO free weights at all. Two treadmills, 3 bikes, 1 eliptical, and a universal. The area is small and hot. People were propping the door open with the trashcan. No towels provided in the gym, and I can honestly say I haven't been to a resort through my RCI trades that didn't offer towels and cleaning solutions in the gym to disinfect the equipment after someone sweats on it. The fireplace in the living room of this two-bedroom unit was wonderful - turn on with a switch and really warmed you up nicely. The kitchen was equipped with what we needed for cooking. The cabinets and vanities should ALL be replaced immediately. They are old, rotting in parts, difficult to operate. There is nothing updated whatsoever as far as vanities and cabinets. I'm on vacation, I want to feel like I am being pampered.I read on Trip Advisor to ask for a second floor unit due to bugs. We did not see a single bug and we did have a second floor unit. The unit was very clean when we arrived.Horribly, at 5:00 a.m. or at 6:00 a.m. EVERY DAY, the maintenance people are dragging pool chairs around while they are cleaning - the noise is like nails on a chalkboard. And we were on the second floor!!!! They are noisily dragging trash cans around and pool chairs. It is not fun to wake up that early in the morning because of loud noise dragging around by your unit. The shuttle service provided by the Cliffs is TOP NOTCH. Their system is working wonderfully - you make a reservation to go to the strip or Freemont Street, and you have a seat on the van - a beautiful, comfortable van. Steve is an amazing asset to the resort, if you are lucky enough to get him as your driver. There are three drivers that we saw during our week. They are efficient and always on time. They'll drop you off to do grocery shopping, too, and come back for you. Extremely accommodating and easy to use. We had a rental car and still used the shuttle almost every day. Be sure to tip these guys.There is no free wifi in the rooms, kind of unheard of these days, but they do have a computer room where you can go online and print for free. I brought my laptop because I needed to check in with work all week, and it cost me $50 to have internet access in the room.If you are staying at the Cliffs, be sure to visit Red Rock Resort and Casino - it is lovely. Check out their pool area, beautiful! The casino is really nice there, and it's only about 10 minutes away (you'll need a car, the shuttle doesn't go there).In closing, although we had a wonderful vacation, enjoyed the weather and being with our friends, had a fun time in Las Vegas, this is not a resort we would chose again in the future. With the maintenance fees and dues we pay for our timeshare, we can get much better. I think we actually lost money on this trade, as I imagine we could have rented it for less than our fees and trade upgrade.	
Feb 26 2009 	Great Hotel almost runined by presentation though	This hotel or resort is lovely. Would thoroughly recommend it. Staff are so helpful and polite, rooms were brilliant, spacious and clean, pool was a godsend and also the hotel put on a free shuttle to the strip which was excellent if you booked early enough to get on it because the strip is around 20 minutes drive. However, if i went again I would hire a car because where the resort is, its very easy to drive in and also driving onto the strip is fine. Yes its busy but the traffic is fairly slow and also all the large hotels offer free parking so it would have been easier to have gone to which ever hotel you wanted to visit this way.The only downside to this hotel is the presentation they get you to attend regarind time share. They are extremly pushy and it took 4 people before they seemed to understand the word no! It took up 2 hours of our short time in Vegas and they were trying to persuade us to take out finance or a loan in order to take part which i think is very irresponsible. So if you visit just say NO :-)	
Feb 12 2009	Another unwanted Time Share Presentation	On our first stay at The Cliffs we found that it is quiet, away from the strip and comfortable. On our second stay we found the same peace and quiet. However, we made the mistake of asking if discounted tickets to shows were available to RCI members. We told discounted tickets were available by attended a breakfast meeting. We made it very clear that we did not want to listen to another sales presentation. We were assured no sales presentation would be involved, but we did have to attend the breakfast meeting to be offered discounted tickets. Guess what! We had to say no at the end of another sales presentation and wasted 2 hours of a commissioned salesman’s time. When we returned to The Cliffs we were asked to pay $78.00 for a $100.00 show tickets and forgo the $100 cash for attending the breakfast meeting. If we took the $100 we could not have the discounted tickets. Talk about misrepresentation and double talk. Be prepared to attend the same breakfast meeting, everyone is asked to attend. Oh yes, on our last stay, free high-speed wireless Internet was available from a few rooms and around the pool area. Now everyone is being asked to pay $49.95 a week for the upgraded service that is now available in all rooms. Apparently, they will stop charging when guests have paid for the upgrade. In our home timeshare, the owners would have paid for this upgrade, not the guests who trade their time. All in all you will enjoy your stay, just remember that you will be asked to attend a breakfast meeting.	
Jan 12 2009	Nice place..	My husband and I checked into this resort the day after Thanksgiving. We reserved this unit through an RCI exchange. Our unit was a 2 bedroom, 2 bath unit. It was nice and large. It was a little disappointing that the master bedroom did not have a king size bed, but I knew this going into it and after I saw the size of the bedroom, a queen bed is really all that would fit. The unit was simply furnished, with huge closets. It looks like this complex was not a purpose build timeshare place, it looks like it was probably a residential property prior, but it was still very nice. My only complaint was the tile in the showers was not cleaned properly. There was a lot of mold/mildew in the corners. This is something a good cleaning would take care of. The location is about 15-20 minutes from the Las Vegas strip, but our main purpose of going to Las Vegas was not the strip.It's a great location to Red Rock Canyon which we visited, and Red Rock Casino is only a couple of exits away if you want to do the casino thing. They have a huge bingo hall it was a lot of fun. I've never played &quot;big time&quot; bingo before. 13 games in one hour, what a thrill!We did not swim in the pool, but it looked very nice and other people were in the pool, so I assume it was fairly warm. We did go in the hot tub and it was nice after a day of hiking. There is a great place close by for breakfast/lunch it's called Eggworks. Just ask the front desk for directions. You definitly need a car at this location. It's easy access to the interstate, which can take you to Hoover Dam (30-40 minutes). While we were in Las Vegas we also took advantage of kayaking below the Hoover Dam with Desert Adventures. Did flightlines through Bootleg Canyon with Bootleg Canyon Flightlines. A couple of places we ate at were Todd's Unique Dining in Henderson and The Bistro in Boulder City. This was a fantastic vacation and would highly recommend this location to anyone that is looking for something different to do in Las Vegas.	
Jan 4 2009 	Great off-Strip Secret!!	The Cliffs is the perfect place to stay if you want to have your very own Vegas condo! Equipped with full kitchen, living room, dining area and washer/dryer this is a home away from home. The bathroom was nice and the bedroom had a closet the size of most NY apartments! Great pool, small but comfortable. Near all the hidden treasures of Vegas, would stay here again, and again.	
Dec 10 2008 	Love the Cliffs!	I have been to Las Vegas numerous of times (mostly on the strip) but this was my first time staying at the Cliffs (off the strip). Because I had already done the entire STRIP in the past (you know, visiting the hotels, watching the shows, gambling) I wanted a place that I could just relax and unwind. The Cliffs is just the place! The room was a nice size, clean, spacious and had all the amenities. The living room had a nice L-couch, other chairs, a large TV, coffee table. The dining room and kitchen were a nice size as well. As with most timeshares, all pots/plates/utensils are provided. We didn't pig out at the buffets in Vegas this time. We just bought some grocerries at Smith's supermarket (the shuttle can take you there.. just ask the driver) and we were able to eat dinner at &quot;home.&quot; There is free DVD rentals (not so many choices), there is a computer lab, workout room, BBQ area, jacuzzi, pool table and beautiful pool. There were a few brave souls in the pool, but I was freezing. When I was rested, I took the shuttle to the strip for some quick gambling and to watch the Bellagio fountains. The shuttle is a godsend. Not having to drive up and down the strip in Vegas is a great thing!!! Everything was wonderful here and I had a great time. I can't wait to return!	
Nov 10 2008	Great Time!	My husband and I stayed here for a week for our honeymoon in July 2008. The rooms are really nice and spacious, although some of the furniture can be a little on the tacky side. They have a shuttle that runs from the hotel to the Bellagio (mid-strip) every hour. The best part, its completely free except for the tip to the driver. The staff was very friendly and the pool was really nice as well!	
Oct 29 2008 	Our home away from home	This was not our first trip to Vegas, but our first at the Cliffs. We had a fabulous stay, and highly recommend to anyone. Our apartment was spacious clean and quiet. It had everything we needed and more. The shuttle service to the strip was fantastic and a huge credit goes out to &quot;Steve&quot; our shuttle driver. He provided us with great local knowledge and a huge amount of humour along the way.Thankyou to all staff at The Cliffs for making our stay the best it could be. We look forward to our next stay at the Cliffs	
Oct 16 2008 	could have moved in!	we stayed in a one bedroom for a week. We loved everything about our stay at The Cliffs. The unit we stayed in was very nice. Everything was new, very spacious, and clean. The pool and jacuzzi were close by and both were maintained very well. The location was east of the strip, and yes you probably should rent a car and not depend on taxi`s but you can then take advantage of the nearby stores and strip malls that had everything you need when staying at a time share. The strip itself was about fifteen minutes away with lights and depending on traffic. The Cliffs gave a nice getaway from all the lights and noise of the strip, so going back and forth was well worth the time. The staff were great, I called a few times because we were getting married and they were all very helpful and friendly. We can`t wait to come back and we will book with The Cliff at Peace Canyon again!!!	
Oct 11 2008 	Peace at the Cliffs	Have just returned from the Cliffs at Peace Canyon. Stayed there between September 30th and October 9th, 2008. This was our 2nd stay there in the last 3 years and would recommend it to anyone. It is only about a 10 minute drive from &quot;The Strip&quot; and about a 15 minutes drive from &quot;downtown&quot;. We rented a car for the period and it was great being able to &quot;go home&quot; after a day of sightseeing &amp; gambling. Car rentals are the way to go because you don't pay for parking in LV so staying at the Cliffs is very convenient.The actual living space (2 bedrooms + 2 bathrooms/living room/dining room/kitchen/laundry room) was fully equiped with stove, fridge and dishwasher as well as a washer &amp; dryer. The swimming pool &amp; hot tub spa was great. There were gas BBQs and seating areas that you could enjoy with your family &amp; friends.I can't say enough about this place. There were four of us celebrating birthdays and we split the cost 4 ways ($393 each)...you can't go wrong. The front desk &amp; staff were fantastic!This place is not to be missed!	
Oct 2 2008 	Dishonest Employees	We were very disappointed to have found out that we left my husband's favorite jacket in the hall closet of the unit where we hung it when we arrived. Realizing we left it there, we immediately called as soon as we got home. They said no jacket was found. We can't believe someone took interest in it. One of the employees who went in the room after we checked out stole the jacket. It was a nice Harley Davidson jacket.This is not the first time we left something in hotel rooms, but they were always returned. They have a thief working in this property. How can you trust your valuables when you leave your room.	
Sep 23 2008 	Give peace a chance!!	Second year at Cliffs. Love the excitement and character of &quot;The Strip&quot; but delight at the sedate atmosphere at the Cliffs. Just what you want. 15 mins by Shuttle to the action. What more can you ask for? Clean, friendly. Ok the room was a little &quot;tired&quot; but still great. If you Want action-Stay on the strip! If you want to stay in the room-stay at home! If you want a Holiday-Stay at Cliffs!! Hoping to return from across the pond next year.Barry, Debbie, Carole &amp; Bob	
Sep 19 2008 	Great place if you don't want to stay on the strip	We really love this place. We traded our RCI timeshare for this 2 bedroom condo for 1 week. It was clean, spacious and nicely decorated. It's just a short drive to the strip and near lots of shopping and restaurants. We went to a great Bar-B-Q place across the street. Also close is Red Rock which is stunning. We took a drive up there and found a funny little place that is like an old-time western town. You can have lunch there and I think sleep as well (not reco sleeping there!). The pool was also very nice. I would stay again.	
Aug 12 2008 	Fantastic!!	The Cliffs at Peace Canyon was the perfect place for 2 weeks of R&amp;R-- close enough to the strip(8 miles) but far enough away to not have much traffic. We had a 1 bdr/1bath and while it was just the right amount of space to spread out and feel at home for the two of us, when our grown daughters came for a few days it was a bit tight. We rented a car but they have a free shuttle to the Freemont district and the Bellagio that was nice. If you like some down time they have free movies to check out a pool table and board games were being ordered. The pool is nice but maybe a little on the small side and there is a hot tub. Within walking distance are Target ,a grocery store or two and a few places to eat, so a pretty good location for a longer stay. The staff was helpfull and polite and the &quot;sales pitch&quot; (this is a timeshare) was no pressure! We will be going back!	
Aug 12 2008 	Love this place...	Just got back from here...we LOVE this place. It's the second time that our family stayed here. The staff is so nice and friendly. It's in close vicinity to everything...and it has all the comforts of home...especially if you have kids. It's comfortable &amp; quiet, and the pool is open till midnight. Close to a Target, Joe's Crab Shack, Red Rock Casino..and the strip isn't to far...and, they provide a shuttle if you don't have a car. I can't say enough about this place...a wonderful place, to create wonderful summer vacation memories with your family.	
Jul 29 2008 	Loved this place!!	Wow! I think we were there at the same time as the &quot;madmanin utah&quot; but we have totally different perspectives. We thought the place was nice and quiet. We also had two children, but we saw other children there (not a lot, but that's OK....too many kids make it very noisy!). And our beds were both queen and I didn't notice any fake plants, except maybe one or two way up high on top of our entertainment centers. Another review said the furniture was outdated; we thought ours was just fine. And as for the toilet not flushing, just hold down the handle and count to three and it flushes fine. We loved the location, far enough from the strip in a residential area that was nice and quiet, yet just a 20 minute drive downtown if you didn't want to take their free shuttle. We were in Vegas for a basketball tournament, so we really loved the washing machine and dryer in our unit. And the full kitchen was great so we didn't have to eat out so much. A grocery store is 5 minutes away. The only downside to the stay was that the individual rooms don't have wireless internet access, but the pool/reception area does.We loved it and would definitely go back if we go to Vegas again.	
Jul 26 2008	torture at peace canyon	The summer before we spent a week at Fairfield Grand Desert just off the strip.(peaceful, wonderful, 2 pools, couple different hotubs,game room for kids, entertainment and poolside activities, drinks, snowcones for the kids. We went with our son and 2 grandkids and had a blast. We decided to try peace canyon the next summer. The beds were double instead of queens as advertised, the airconditioning was noisy and hard to adjust thruout condo, the pool was nice but way to small and everyone was looking for a chair, we were the only one with kids there(2 kids), mostly nice older people there, two much fake plants and stuff on tables, etc. were always having to move stuff to use tables, even at night for some reason the birds outside in the middle of the night were swaking making noise, could here the aprtment upstairs when they came home late. To make a long story short, we came in on Sat on it was unanimous we left by Wed morning to go home. We will defenetely go to the Fairfield Grand Desert next time, underground secure parkng, beautiful rooms, so on.	
Jul 2 2008 	Quiet Refuge	We recently spent a week at the Cliffs at Peace Canyon as a gift from our parents (timeshare swap). Most complaints (in other reviews) seem to stem from the decor being outdated. It has been our experience that timeshare resorts take a little longer to update decor because they have to invest income from owner dues and sales. That said, we found this property to be in excellent shape, the unit we stayed in was extremely clean, and comfortable. The property was well maintained and the service was responsive and pleasant. We spent signifgant time at the pool and found it very comfortable clean as well. This is not a large resort, and is away from the frenetic energy of the strip, which is just what we wanted. They have a very active shuttle system, and many services and restaurants are close by. I would have no problem coming back to this property in the future.	
Jun 21 2008 	Way below expectations	I spent two days at the Cliffs in a one bedroom apartment, purchased through hotwire. I am not sure why the reviews are so good for this place, because the apartments are way outdated, with old furniture and appliances (I had to flush the toilet water three times praying every time it wouldn't overflow), the pool is the size of a peanut, the gym has some of the oldest machines I have seen in any timeshare or hotel gym, there were no towels or napkins to wipe the machines at the gym after use, apartments on the second floor require to drag your luggage up the stairs (no elevators), and the location is a good 20 minute drive from the Strip. Oh, and they charge $10 to use the safe in the room. I did like the area - newer area, with lots of restaurants ans stores. Other than that, I will never go back. By the way, we are timeshare owners (we have multiple timeshare weeks) and we travel extensively in the US and Mexico and have stayed in many timeshares - but this was one of the most outdated timeshares; serious timeshares change the furniture and appliances once every three or five years. Not this one!	
Apr 28 2008	Great Place to Stay	We stayed at the Cliffs at Peace Canyon from 4/19 to 4/26/08. The stay was wonderful. We had some minor problems which were dealt with immediately and corrected. The unit is about a 15 minute ride from Las Vegas Blvd, straight up Tropicana Street. The unit was roomy and clean. I would not hesitate to recommend the unit and we plan to go back next year.	
Apr 14 2008 	We'll stay here again but...	Rooms are very dated, heavy, dark furnishings and window coverings. Comfortable enough though. Parking is well lighted and plentiful. Pool area is definitely the &quot;highlight&quot;! Very nice, and we spent many pleasant hours there. Pool is advertised to be 83 degrees, but is much cooler than that. Spa is excellent though. We were a bit disappointed in the maintenance however. High-end gas BBQ's are furnished in the pool complex, but of the four provided, only two were functioning properly (not sure why this isn't rectified?). Upon arriving we found a dirty towel on the sofa and a couple dirty hand towels in the bathroom, probably an anomaly, but not a good first impression. Took a couple tries to finally get a TV remote replaced. Message light on the phones do not function, so better check messages frequently. I am concerned that the GFI's are not wired correctly?, but maintenance didn't seem concerned. My advice, be careful. Even though this resort is miles from the &quot;Strip&quot; (part of its allure), you'll discover that the 215 freeway makes access very painless and relatively quick (especially to/from the airport). You're only minutes from Red Rock Canyon, so make sure you visit!!! All-in-all, we will stay here again. Overall, a very pleasant experience.	
Apr 11 2008 	Wonderful 	What a gem! Off the strip with full accomodations for weary travelers. So relaxing we stayed an extra day! Recommended for families and those who enjoy visiting the strip but not staying there (it is way off the strip). Surrounded by many conveniences.	
Mar 30 2008 	Very Nice Place	The weather was really nice this week (March 22-29)....low 70's. The condos here are very nice, clean and quiet. The staff is very friendly and they don't bug you with the timeshare presentation. They were very appreciative of any soft paperbacks. I did leave a few in the TV room and noticed that they got picked up very quickly. There's a pool table and also a few computers/printer in the business center. There's a time limit of 15 minutes with each log-in. If there aren't any people waiting in line than you can log-in over and over again. I didn't have any problems with this and stayed there for 40 minutes. If you have your own laptop there's another room for wireless access. The pool is very clean and so is the jacuzzi. The exercise room is nice too but my son wished they had some free weights.The condos are located very close to Albertson's, Target, JC Penny's and a few other stores and restaurants. We drove down Flamingo Rd to get to the Strip. We didn't have much traffic so it was quite easy to get back and forth. You can self park at any of the hotels on the strip at no charge. One of our favorite restaurants was Bahama Breeze on Flamingo Rd.. This place has the best appetizers and drinks. They have the biggest plate of onion rings I have ever seen. We also liked Paymon's on W. Sahara and Byblos Cafe on Flamingo Rd. Paymon's is fancier and has great kabobs. The portions of kabobs are quite big.. Byblo's is a small cafe in a corner strip mall...it's not fancy but their hummos, falafals and their freshly made bread is excellent. Their baklava is really good too. We did some shopping at the Outlet stores. The Las Vegas Premium Outlets is newer and nicer than the Las Vegas Outlet Center. We hit all the Nike outlets (there's one in Primm too) and found some great deals on Jordon shirts/shorts.The Bass Pro Shop is awesome. My 15 year son who hates shopping stayed there for over an hour going over all the fishing lures. They have a really good selection of hard baits as well as soft baits....good colors too. If you are a bass fishermen this is the place to drool.We drove to the Grand Canyon.. the west rim. There is a 12 -14 mile dirt road prior to getting to the Canyon. It is quite bumpy but the scenery is beautiful. We were surrounded by joshua trees and some were in bloom. Once there we had to pay $20 for parking and additional $30 per person for the bus.They have additional tickets for helicopters, meal tickets, etc. We were a bit disappointed because the bus only drops you off at 2 vistapoints. We heard that on the south rim there are 7 vistapoints. One other note... if your kids are into basketball... there are some outside courts on Durango Dr... (go north of Flamingo Rd) the kids playing on this court are older but my son got a really good work-out. He was there 3 nights and at one point he said there was over 60 kids....pick-up games, etc. The kids play pretty late at night.	
Mar 22 2008 	Nice Stay at Cliffs	We had a nice stay at the Cliffs. The rooms were clean and the people were nice and friendly. It was very peacful and we felt safe there with the security. The only thing we did not like was there was almost no hot water pressure. I would recomend renting a car when staying here because it is about twenty minutes from the strip and sometimes you could see a lot of people waiting for the shuttle. There are some good resturants nearby too.	
Dec 29 2007 	Great for Families	We booked through RCI. We were early and they check us in right away. The room was very nice and comfortable. I liked the fact that there was a washer and dryer in the Condo. There was a problem with the bathroom and it was fixed right away. The people were helpful when asking about directions and places to go in the area. The condo was far from the Vegas Strip but I wanted it that way. The 215 Freeway was outside of our street and it was east to travel. All in all I enjoyed the experience.	
Dec 9 2007 	a positive experience	The Cliffs was a positive experience. The unit was nicely decorated. There were 2 couples, so the bedrooms and bathrooms being on separate ends of the kitchen and living room were a big plus. The gas fireplace added a nice touch.The staff was extremely helpful. It was also great to have access to the strip using the convenient shuttle; all of the drivers of the shuttle were knowledgeble and willing to volunteer information. Typically, they picked up and delivered to the Belagio, but didn't mind dropping you off other places as needed. The clubhouse area was available for internet, lounging by the fireplace, playing pool, or just relaxing with a cup of coffee. As soon as we got to the unit we noticed a puddle of water in the bathroom. We called the Front Desk, and within 5 minutes there was someone there. We went to dinner and by the time we got back it was fixed.I recommend renting a car if you want to see some sights. We went to Hoover Dam, Valley of Fire, and Red Rock Canyon. Red Rock Casino also had movie theaters, bowling, and several eating establishments on-site.The neighborhood it's located in was a new and booming area. Grocery stores, WalMart, Target, and restaurants such as Famous Dave's and Joe's Crabshack were a close drive. If you stay here, you may want to request a unit away from the main road. Our bedroom was next to the street, so it was a little noisy. Again, it was a positive experience.	
Nov 24 2007 	Ok but nothing special	Reasonably comfortable and clean, although one of the bedrooms had odd skylights near the ceiling which let in light at night. Unfortunately, the Cliffs, like a lot of these condo rentals, only has internet in the lobby. I don't understand why property managers are so chintsy about wireless internet. Serving travelers in the twenty-first century is not the same as it was in the 1950s, but the owners of the Cliffs, the Grandview, and other locations in Las Vegas haven't quite caught on. In the future, I'm going to be a lot more picky about basic amenities, and not settle for barely okay.The beds were small and a little hard.	
Nov 21 2007 	Pretty good!	The Cliffs at Peace Canyon was a good place to stay, not too bad, not too luxurious-- pretty much a valuable traveling experience. Me and my parents had stayed there with my grandmother and my cousin. Checking in was pleasant and quick with good service. I remember pool tables in the lobby and granite stairsteps. moderate-sized room with great cable television and lots of furniture, there's not much to say about the interior-- but it was not too far from town squares and shopping centers! I think this was an excellent place to stay, but not too good for those who prefer wide-open rooms.	
Oct 24 2007	Peaceful Stay at the Cliffs	Just got back from my 30th birthday trip to Las Vegas! My girlfriends and I did a timeshare exchange and stayed at The Cliffs at Peace Canyon and had a great time. I was a little worried b/c we were some of the youngest people there that week but the other guests as well as the staff were so friendly. The condo itself was very nicely decorated and clean as well as spacious. The grounds are well kept and although the pool/waterfall is not a glamorous as it looks on their website, it's still nice :}I opted not to rent a car which turned out to be perfect b/c they have a shuttle that takes you to the strip every hour. It ends at 1:30am so a couple of nights we got a cab back to the condo which wasn't bad at all. This was everybody's 1st trip to Vegas and we loved the fact that we were not staying on the strip! The condos are peaceful and there are shops/food within walking distance.I highly recommend this place if you don't want to be on the strip and I look forward to my next Vegas trip at The Cliffs!	
Sep 4 2007 	Great location and services	It is at the great location and close to lots of big places like target, wal-mart. My son loves the chuckncheeses. It is at the residential area outside the strip and it is very convenient to go to the busy strip. We have a large 2-bedroom condo with all the kitchen stuffs such as microwave, dishwasher, washer, dryer, stove, gas stove and oven. They provide others such as dishwasher detergent, laundry detergent etc... Problem: although it is about 6-7 years old, the carpet should be replaced!! My wife saw 3 cockcroaches during the stay. I was unwilling to walk on bare foot and if you walk with the socks on, the socks will become dirty quickly. The weather was very hot (30s and 40s) and the air condition is sufficently cool the rooms except the noise is quite loud. Even though it is an exchange timeshare, we did attend another timeshare talk etc etc so we can get the discounted show in LV strip. They aren't very pushy since they understand our situation. You can use the internet room near the reception or you can try those unsecured wireless network somewhere....... Parking is *kind of* covered so you do not have to worry about the extreme heat. The receptionists are very helpful and did their best to answers the questions we have. You can rent the DVDs out free of charge. The pool and spa are excellent way to relax. We spent 1-2 hours and we were very dark!	
Aug 30 2007 	Great Place - Great Location	This was the best timeshare property I have ever seen. My experience with time shares are usually pretty run down, crowded, places. We had a beautiful 2 bedroom condo, very clean. Pool was nice, exercise room, pool table and 24-hour internet available. Washer and dryer in condo was a treat. Location was great, took about 15 minutes to get to strip, lots of stores around (Target, Walmart, etc). I would recommend this place to the timeshare-reluctant.	
Jul 20 2007 	Wonderful resort	Our family stayed here in July 2007 during very hot weather. The resort was wonderful, the staff very helpful, and the unit very comfortable. Initial fears of having trouble booking rides on the shuttle proved to be very wrong. We had no trouble booking our shuttle times to and from the strip. The drivers were great and always on time. Sal, the guest services hostess, did a wonderful presentation on where to go, what to see, where to eat and &quot;how to gamble the slots&quot; while in Vegas so that we could make the best use of our time. Although we didn't initially intend to attend her talk I am sooooo glad we did. It was very informative for first time Vegas visitors. The Cliffs was a wonderful place to relax and get away from the bustle of the strip. It is well kept and quiet. I would recommend this resort for anyone who likes to have a quiet restful place &quot;to come home to&quot;.	
Jun 9 2007 	Wonderful Cliffs	Second visit in three years to the Cliffs (RCI Points) and will not be our last.Wonderful stay, Rooms as before clean and very spacious, and LOVE the fact that you have your own wahing machines There is no need to hire a car as you are very near to shops and restaurants, recommend Egg Works, best breakfast, and the Italian (can't remember the name).Use the shuttle to go in and out of Vegas, and its so nice to come back and jump in the hot tub.Already making plans to return in 2008.	
Jun 9 2007 	Nice condos	This is an attractive property on a quiet street west of Las Vegas. We rented a two-bedroom condo in May for four nights, and it was large, spacious and beautifully decorated. The beds were comfortable, the air conditioner worked great, there were three televisions and a DVD player, a portable stereo, and the kitchen was very well equipped. No complaints about the property or our accommodations. We attended the sales pitch for the timeshare, and received some great free tickets and meal vouchers for our time. We also spent an enjoyable morning at nearby Red Rock Canyon which had some lovely scenery.However, the Cliffs at Peace Canyon staff needs a serious lecture on customer service. I laid down for an afternoon nap since we had tickets to a very late show. My husband went to the lobby/reception building to use the free computers they provided. A short time later he returned to our unit, which I had unfortunately locked from the inside out of force of habit. Unable to enter with his key, he returned to the reception desk, explained that he was locked out, and asked to be let inside.The staff was completely indifferent to his situation, and refused to help in any way, telling him they did not have a pass key on the premises [oh, please, I was born at night but it wasn't last night]. He had his photo ID, and would have been willing to wait patiently if they had offered any assistance at all. They allowed him to wander around in near 100 degree heat for over an hour banging on the door and phoning the unit while I slept away in the bedroom. Finally he banged hard enough on the bedroom window to awaken me. Despite this property's lovely spacious accommodations and reasonable price, I am unable to recommend it because of this incident. What if I had fallen in the shower, or had a heart attack, and was lying inside on the floor and no one would let my husband inside the unit? The staff's attitude and actions represent a dangerous and irresponsible policy.	
Jun 8 2007 	A nice place	We stayed here in March. There was a total of 8 of us including two children and an infant. We had Two 2BD condos. It was a very nice place. The furnishings are very cozy. We had king size beds, 1 1/2 bathrooms, three tv's, a cd player/boom box, a dvd player a fully equipped kitchen and etc. I personally didn't go swimming or take in any of the other amenities. Our kids did and loved it. We were busy going to strip everyday. We rented a car which made it very easy to get around. There are lots of shopping around. A Target down the street. A Walmart about 10 minutes or so away. We found a mall called Meadows Mall this one was probably about 20 minutes or more away. The front staff at this place are very friendly. They even recommended a great place for breakfast it was called Eggworks. The prices were very reasonable. 1st:: for some that don't mind walking. When going to the strip park at the Luxor. You can always get parking there and it's not too busy. We did attractions at some of the resorts on the strip. 2nd tip: To save money you can buy an attraction pass which can get you into attractions free. The pass is called Visit ticket. You can get it for one day or a week. We had it for two days. It's well worth the money. Overall, we enjoyed the trip and the resort great for the stay. Definitely recommend to all.	
May 10 2007 	Great Stay at the Cliffs	The Cliffs was a great place to stay to be close enough to the Vegas action, but far enough away to get a good night's sleep.A few of the young ladies at the front desk left much to be desired but other than that everyone else was good.One good thing about the Cliffs is that they have DVD's available for free rental should you have an downtime in Vegas. Be sure to return them by the due date or else you will paying quite a bit for them even if yuo do return them.They also have computers with internet access that you can use free of charge. They are a little older models so don't expect to be able to charge your IPOD on them.The rooms were nice and met my expectations. The pictures posted on this site and other sites (Expedia, Orbitz etc) are consistent with what you can expect. Please note though that the pool area is smaller than it appears.If you are debating between renting a car and not renting a car, I advise that you do rent a car so that you are able to enjoy some of the farther attractions without having to pay to go on tours. (example: Ethel M Factory, Red Canyon, Outlet Malls, Hoover Dam)	
Apr 22 2007 	Loved this place	We stayed here for three nights 4/17-4/19. We were in Vegas for the first time with our two children ages 12 &amp; 15. We found the place no problem thanks to our GPS in the rental car. It is about 15 minutes from the strip. The lobby was really nice. There was a pool table, internet room, and another room off to the side with a large tv and couches. Also had free coffee and tea. The front desk staff was very friendly. We were able to pick our two bedroom unit for what was available. I could have had one overlooking the beautiful pool. I thought it would be to noisey so I went for a quiet one in the back. It was very quiet until about 6 am when the airplanes started taking off from the airport. There is a big controversy in Vegas right now about the FAA allowing the airplanes to make a right hand turn over residential neighborhoods to ease congestion. That is probably what was happening to us. I haven't read anyone else complain about noise from the airport so this must be something new. It wasn't all that bad and I would stay here again in a minute. There was a washer and dryer in the unit which was a great convenience. They supplied two boxes of Tide and if you needed more which I did you could buy it from the front desk for 1.00 a box. The shuttle ran only to the Belagio and you had to make reservations to take it. It ran until 1:30 am. We didn't use that. We had a rental car and it was very easy to get onto the strip. No problem to get there and back. My kids used the pool and jacuzzi on our first night there. They said the pool was warm which is rare. They enjoyed it. The unit is supplied with plenty of towels for bath and pool use. They also supply dishwashing soap, papertowels, etc. There is so much shopping only blocks away. Went to a super Walmart and got what we needed. I had some minor issues with a broken hairdryer which they came and fixed immediately. Our dvd player was on so our tv was snowey. They came right up and took care of that. If you want to rent a safe which I suggest you do it's only 10.00 for your entire stay. I had a problem programming it and I called the front desk. Someone was there in less than 5 minutes to help us out. We went to Red Rock Canyon which is about 15 minutes away. This is a great place to stay if you're looking for a quiet, comfortable, clean place to stay off the strip. Book this place. You won't be sorry	
Apr 19 2007	fantastic vacation at the cliffs	great place to stay - off the strip - i rented a car for 30.00 at priceline and really enjoyed the experience - close to the new red rock casino and no more than 15 min to the airport or the strip - it was a blast - the staff was superior and attentive - the grounds were super clean and the rooms were well appointed and cleantry the roadrunner and the sedona ( restaurants ) they were very good - the roadrunner is casual and reaonsble with huge portions - so you can easily split meal and the sedona is a fine dining establishment owend by andre agassi - super service and food -	
Apr 15 2007 	good place to stay off strip	If you want to stay off strip this is a good apartment.South west of las vegas. Free shuttle to the Belagio hotel every hour, mid morning until early hours.Very good staff, pool area, four internet points.luxury apartments, quiet area.	
Apr 2 2007 	Beautiful resort wonderful vacation!	This resort was beautiful and very well kept. It is located about 15 minutes west of The Strip (by car), straight down Flamingo Road. There is TONS of shopping in the area - anything you need is in easy reach.The units are very large and clean. We had no problems at all. I recommend you use a car for the area (depending on how you vacation), that way you can explore the full potential of the area (like Red Rock Canyon, only 20 minutes away, or Hoover Dam, only 45 minutes away from the resort).We didn't use the free shuttle. There's a nice pool area and fitness room, and you can rent free movies at the front desk for those off nights when you're not seeing a show.Do not book your shows ahead of time. Use the TIX4TONIGHT locations and get them at discounted prices. We saved big time on David Copperfield and Cirque's Mystere. That's definitely your best bet! Unless a certain show isn't discounting, you can get good seats at discounted prices to probably 80% of shows in Vegas on any given night with this company.Oh yeah, and if you plan on going on the brand new Skywalk at Grand Canyon West, it is NOT just park there, spend $25 a head and walk on this thing - you have to buy a package to GET there by bus for $50 a head, then buy your $25 admission to the Skywalk ON TOP of that. Total is around $80 a head to walk on the Skywalk, which is a HUGE rip off. Go all the way to Grand Canyon Nat'l Park instead or the North Rim to see the Grand Canyon. The Hulapai dropped the ball on this one. Many people were not happy with the setup at all.	
Mar 20 2007 	top-notch time share	my wife and i stayed here with our 2 and 3 year old for a week through our rci exchange. we happened to stay the same week nascar was in town. we have used our rci exchange for 10 years and stayed in tons of resorts. the cliffs is definately a super place to bring small kids; the pool area is perfect for smaller kids, nice hot tub, attractive fountains in pool. the resort staff and facilities are above standard. the rooms are very comfortable, properly supllied, and clean. we stayed in a two bedroom, which was like a two bedroom apartment. very nice. the resort is close to tropicana and flamingostreets which take you east to the strip in about fifteen minutes. the 215 is directly east and gets you to the strip in ten to fifteen. you can choose the 215 in non-rush conditions, and the streets for rush hour. lots of shopping, grocieries, and food near by. overall, the cliffs is 8-9 out of 10 for us. the resort offers a well maintained facility with a great, secure, comfortable place for a family with young kids. definately talk to the resort concierre, she is great and will hep you plan your vegas strip day trips.	
Mar 4 2007 	Very clean and has everything	We got a 2BR/2BA condo here and love it. The place is very clean and comfortable and makes us feel at home.	
Jan 16 2007 	Very Pleasant Experience	Apartment was very clean and well appointed. Staff extremely helpful, &amp; courteous. A couple of minor problems were attended to immediately and with a smile. Directions and recommendations for shopping, sights to see, &amp; resturants were spot on. Free computer room for guests offering hi-speed internet w/printer a definite plus. Location was excellent - close enough to get downtown rapidly, but far enough away for quiet relaxation. Full size washer &amp; dryer in unit another plus.	
Jan 12 2007 	A relaxing stay	Just got back from a 4-day stay at the Cliffs. This is a great, relaxing place to stay, and we would recommend it to anyone. It is close to great restaurants and shopping, and it is far away from the hustle and bustle of the strip (which I think is tacky and hectic) but close enough to it and the airport that it isn't a major hassle to get there. We went to Red Rock Canyon one morning, which is only 15 minutes away. I highly recommend it even if you are just going on the scenic drive. Stop in the visitor center and ask about Mojave Max (the turtle). The condos are very nicely done, clean, and it was quiet and relaxing. Having a kitchen and larger area than a typical hotel would have was very nice. The hot tub was great, we went two of the nights. The clubhouse was nice and so was the internet access computers. I do wish they offered wireless over the entire complex. It is only around the clubhouse, which is OK, but not too convenient.	
Dec 12 2006 	What a Great Place to Stay	I stayed here in August 2006. My partner had time-share that we used for the first time in Vegas. This place is 15mins from the strip and there is a free shuttle every hour until 11pm. The bus also takes you to the local supermarket every 30 mins. If you stay late then it is only $22 from the strip.The apartment was great it had lots of space, air-conditioning that worked very well. The staff were great (avoid the time share sales pitch).You are away from the strip which at first I thought was going to be a bad point in the end it was a positive. After 10hrs on the strip to get away was great. I must mention the bus drivers who were really great, friendly and always smiling especially Billy. They have two pools the smaller of the two must be about 30 degrees, fantastic.For anyone who wants to do Vegas and have peace and quite try this place. One tip when going from the airport to the hotel grab a limo instead of a taxi the cost will still be the same around $50 but if there is more than 2 you'll save money and if there is only 2 of you its still more fun and a great way to arrive for the same cost.	
Dec 9 2006 	Home away from Home	Our family of four had the pleasure of spending a week in a lovely 2 bedroom suite at this resort. We found while the suite was not as spacious as others we have been at, the layout made up for it. The master suite was located at the opposite end so as to allow the adults a little privacy. Furnishings were nice, decor tastefully done ...wouldn't mind having their decorator visit my place. Beds were very comfortable...we learned they replace the mattresses every couple of years and ours had just been done. Kitchen was well stocked and had everything we needed. The resort had a number of movies for loan and this was one thing they could improve on...most were always rented. The hotel provides free shuttle to the strip which is a fairly good distance, so we made us of that and avoided the whole hassle of parking, etc. Never had a problem getting on the shuttle we wanted eventhough it seemed to be a busy week at the resort. The pool area is small but adequate. The hot tub is HOT to the point of being uncomfortable in the daytime... it was comical to see people's faces as they checked out the temperature for the first time. The resort is located in burbs and so a car really is a must unless you plan to spend the entire time on the strip/resort. There are a number of smaller box stores within a short drive that offer some more reasonable shopping prices. All in all, if we returned to Vegas, would definetly consider staying there again.	
Nov 21 2006 	Cliffs at Peace Canyon - Wonderful Time	My husband and I stayed at the Cliffs at Peace Canyon from October 28 through November 4, 2006 through RCI. We arrived in Las Vegas around noon, so we walked on the Strip, and before you knew it, it was time to check-in. The Lobby at the Cliffs at Peace Canyon is very small. I think it is the smallest lobby I have ever been in, but service was excellent. We were assigned a unit immediately. We got a unit on the first floor just a few steps from the Front Desk and clubhouse. I really enjoyed that. We had a 2-bedroom unit, and it was beautifully decorated and had absolutely every appliance and cooking utensil you could ever need. The Master bedroom had a huge walk-in closet, but you had to walk into the large Master bathroom to access it. That would be my only complaint. If the doors to the closet were in the bedroom, the room would have been perfect. If one of you is using the toilet, the other person can't get into the closet (I have an issue with someone entering the bathroom while I am using the toilet). The timeshare is about 20 minutes away from the strip. It takes longer to get back to the resort around rush hour. It was not too far away, although I would not want to stay any further away from the strip. This was our 4th trip to Las Vegas, and because it was not right on the strip, this allowed us to do other activities besides gambling. We visited Hoover Dam, the Ethel M Chocolate Factory and Red Rock Canyon. I enjoyed going to the pool every morning. The pool is also very small, but there were always lounge chairs available and the area was never crowded. The jacuzzi was larger than most and the water was hot and the jets had perfect power. There is always coffee available for free in the lounge right off the Main Lobby. On Tuesday evening, the resort provided gambling lessons with a professional craps dealer. My husband picked up some tips, and he used it while playing blackjack. The gambling tips really worked! They also have bingo a few times a week, and the concierge helps out with some vacation tips also which was very useful. Other than that, there are no other activities. The Orleans casino is very close to the resort and so is the Red Rock Casino. I enjoyed both casinos. The resort is right in between Tropicana and Flamingo Roads, so you could drive down either street to try to avoid Las Vegas Blvd traffic as often as possible. There was absolutely no problem at check-out either. I had such a relaxed, enjoyable vacation and I would recommend this resort highly.	
Nov 1 2006 	Great place to relax!	It is a great stay unless you like to party on the strip during the late night cab from the strip is about 20 dollars because the shuttle only runs until 12:30 am	
Oct 17 2006 	Pros 	Just returned from my first trip to Vegas. Stayed at The Cliffs. Found the resort to be very nice. Very clean and comfortable. For those of you who enjoy the hustle and bustle of being on the strip, The Cliffs probably wouldn't be for you. It's approx. 20 minutes away.There are many shops and restaurants in the area. I would highly recommend Shucky's. The one time I ate there everyone in my party enjoyed their meal.A bit of advice......don't book any excursions i.e. trips to the Grand Canyon, etc. through the concierge at The Cliffs. They drastically inflate the price! We booked our own excursion, were more than pleased with it and it was less than $200!I would definately recommend The Cliffs at Peace Canyon.	
Sep 1 2006 	quiet place off the strip	beautiful grounds. close to so many food places and shopping..great staff and tastefully decorated condos. Great for those traveling on business. There is no wireless access in the rooms but they do have a computer room with wireless internet access. This facility is located in the middle of a very nice new neighborhood. It is located right down the street from a same day cleaners, carwash, super walmart , ross and tonsssss of new places to eat!!! i will be staying there again!!!!! everytime i come here on business. For the ladies there are quite a few new nail salons located close byalso on Tropicana and Fort Apache. I found it easier to take the 215 west and exit on Tropicana rather than taking tropicana all the way up to grand canyon. But if you are visiting the strip just take tropicana west, all the way to grand canyon and turn right. Enjoy!!!	
Aug 23 2006	LOVED CLIFFS AT PEACE CANYON!!!	We stayed here the week of May 28, 2005 on our wedding trip. We had a 2 bedroom condo and had my husband's parents and my 9 year old daughter. We wanted to stay off the strip because we were there to get married and wanted to be able to get away when we needed to get away. The room was breathtaking. The layout and design is absolutely beautiful. I cannot say enough about how comfortable it was to have 5 people in one condo - even for a wedding (although, we did stay on the strip for our wedding night). The drive is about 15 minutes from the strip and they drive crazy out in Vegas when you are from GA. HAHA! You'll want to rent a car and you'll want to visit Red Rock Canyon which is nearby. The area is really beautiful and there are lots of good restaurants close so you don't have to pay strip prices too eat. I didn't swim at the pool, but it looked beautiful. The staff was very accomodating and treated us like we were the only ones in Vegas getting married. (By the way, I recomend the A Special memory Chapel if you plan to get married there - it isn't cheesey and was beautiful and sent a limo all the way out there for me etc.) We declined the presentation and they never mentioned it again. The room did not have free internet, so be prepared if you need it. The TV's were huge, the furniture was beautiful. Overall, we'll probably drive the distance and not stay on the strip next year like we did this year. This condo is GREAT. We did have issues with the neighbors making too much noise one night (they were actually quite rowdy and on the balcony right outside our window - the night before our wedding). The walls are a little thin. We called the front desk and they immediately took care of it. We never heard them again.	
Jul 10 2006	Away from Chaos 	We stayed June 30 - July 7th and we were so pleasantly surprised. After reading several negative reviews we began to wonder what our HOME property was really like after several years of not visiting. It was awesome. They are required to upgrade every 3 yrs and we had brand new mattresses in the rooms which was awesome. Pillow top I might add. They are standard queens, not doubles like folks write about, but that's ok, they were great. We loved the big bathroom in the Master bedroom and the kids loved the sitting area in the 2nd bathrooom/shower. Being able to eat a bowl of cereal when we wanted was nice. Several nice shopping and eateries are around there, Target, Sears Grand, Grocery Stores, Nail/Spa Salons, Conveniences of home without all the CHAOS on the strip. We were a mere 10-15 minutes from the strip, depending on traffic, but we took either Tropicana all the way in or Flamingo. Several other streets off the main strip also made it easy to go around traffic to get home. We took the shuttle one day, dropped off at Bellagio and returned back to the Cliffs later that evening, made for such a nice day w/o the car issues. We planned out everyday to see all hotels that had KID related activities and kept one day just as an adult day. Kids stayed in the very secure condo with security 24/7 that was VISIBLE. The recreation room is up front where you have staff and the pool is small enough to just be comfortable.	
Jun 18 2006	will never stay on strip again	My wife and I stayed in a two bedroom for five days, we had never stayed off strip before but after this experience we will definately return off strip again. TRANSPORT to and from: shuttles run to the Bellagio from 10 am to midnight hourly, a return from the Bellagio from 1030 am to 1230 am hourly, on arrival we cabbed it from the airport to the resort (37USD), if you cab it to the Bellagio and grab the shuttle it will only cost you 13 USD cab fare and shuttle tip, you have to reserve shuttle space so call in advance to book it. You can also grab the shuttle to do grocery shopping and to the Freemont experience. There is also a shuttle to the Suncoast casino which leaves 930 am and returns at 130 or 500 pm, we did not find this gaming establishment to our liking and would not recommend it, better to grab a cab and go to the redrock, much nicer establishment. Area: 20 minute car ride without trafic( to strip aka Las Vegas Blvd) down Flamingo road, Plenty of restaurants, bars, shops and food, booze shopping within walking distance, or shuttle on those 100 plus days. We felt like we were in a tropical resort during the day while still being out doing shows and gaming at night. ROOM: we had a two bedroom, 2 bathroom apt with queen size beds, being happily married and still young enough to get wild we used the master with the attached bathroom, huge walk in closet and safe (10 USD for the week), the second bathroom was nice when we took seperate quick turn around showers. The kitchen was fully equipped with gas stove, oven, microwave, fridge with icemaker, dishwasher, every countertop appliance you need, plenty of cooking pots and utencils, flatware, and cutlery, they even thought of large plastic poolside glasses for those tropical drinks ooh lala. There is a lunch counter with 3 stools, a dining table seating 6 and a large sectional couch seating 6 (sofabed pullout), There is a laundry room in the apt with full size washer dryer, iron and board (can anyone say carry on luggage only woohoo). The porch/ balcony has a table and two chairs and offers enough privacy to sip coffee in your boxers without showing off those extra pounds to the neighbor. All in all the rooms are a good size, very clean and well equipped, we did brekkie and lunch there and dined out for dinner. PLEASE REMEMBER THIS IS A NON SMOKING ESTABLISHMENT, smoking is permitted out of doors so kindly ask for ashtrays and smoke on your balconies NOT IN THE ROOMS, that is what we did, mmmmm caffine and nicotine in my boxers on the balcony ( plenty of our neighbors were doing the same.  FACILITIES: the facilities were clean and well maintained, the photo you see on the net is the lobby, no cathedral ceilings in the rooms, there is a small pool table adjacent to the reception, a game room with tv and a meeting room. The pool area was clean with plenty of chaises longues and tables and chairs, smoking permitted, but, please ask for an ashtray which they are more than happy to supply. The cross shaped hottub is large with good heat but below average jets, the pool (8 am to midnight) was similarly shaped but OMG it was WAYYYY too cold, I am Canadian and even I suffered major shrinkage, there is a sound system but you have to ask them to turn it on ( which we only figured out on our last day).There is a nice size workout room with treads, steps, frees and universals. There is no restaurent on site or ice near the pool. STAFF: very frindly and helpfull staff, shuttle drivers are great ( Hey Craig), all you have to do is ask.  MISC INFO: Best gamingfor us means a fighting chance and great atmosphere, Bellagio- lovely atmospere plenty of tables, pleasant dealers, piped musac, awesome buffet (30 USD p/p), older crowd (40 something like us),plenty of drinks, &quot;O&quot; , in our opinion 3rd best cirque de soleil we have ever seen ( and we have seen them all).MGM- great tables, very friendly dealers, mixed crowd, very nice atmosphere, moderate drink replenishment, Rainforest cafe- huge portions dont even think about an appetizer unles you are planning to shlepp your entree in a doggie bag (cost 65 usd, 2 entrees, and 2 appetizers both barely half finished and left behind included is tip). &quot;KA&quot; by far the best cirque de soleil show. NOT TO BE MISSED!!!!! My jaw was open for the entire show, words cannot describe this total experience good for ages 10 and up.NEW YORK NEW YORK- Fun Fun Fun. Set up like Brooklyne, all indoors, pedestrian mall and entrance to roller coaster (12.50 USD per ride) you have to look for a good table,great live bands all night, we had a blast although we only broke even (had to move twice), dealers not terribly helpfull unless you consider doubling on a 6 when the dealer shows a face good advice. Plentifull drinks, my glass was replaced without being finished or me asking all night (nor my wife). We ate at the Mexican restaurant, great food and Don Julio tequila to boot, shared a combo platter appetizer, taco platter, roasted pork, and 4 margaritas 85 USD with tip and plenty of left overs (yup we never learn). &quot; Zumanity&quot;- cabaret style show. Worse show ever, hated it, found it outdated by about 20 years, acrobatics were tired and old, there were some very funny comedy scenes but that is about it. The contortionist grossed me out, [------]and the We can party with the best of them but the only reason we didn't walk out was out of respect for the performers. If you want to see cirque see the other shows, if you want to see [----]sex go to a strip joint. This formula was a dismall failure in our opinion and a waste of 100 USD p/p. ADVISE: many of the casinos are sistered so take the time to get a players card, we always get comped with free rooms, meals shows, etc. You do not need to play with mega k's to get freebees in vegas, just play reponsibly with what you are prepared to lose. If you follow that advise you will always leave Vegas with a smile and great memories.	
Apr 17 2006	Not a haven for the Non-Smoker allergy prone	On first glance, the resort/ room had everything we needed for our family of four - two bedrooms/bathrooms, TVs in every room (large screen in living room), typical time-share full kitchen, pool, internet access. An added bonus was the full sized washer and dryer. But... if you want to feel like you were living in an ashtray for the duration of your stay (maybe ok if you are a smoker, or do not have a sense of smell) you will enjoy your stay. Unfortunately, we took the &quot;all non-smoking rooms policy&quot; of the resort seriously and thought we would have a reprieve from the smoke that pervades Las Vegas. It was not the smell of just one person staying in the room before us, it was embedded in everything, including the air-conditioner. The management did send someone to change the filter in the room, but it didn't do anything. It was so very disappointing we couldn't wait to get home.	
Apr 6 2006	Excellent timeshare	Our family of 4 stayed at the Cliffs from March 18-24, 2006. We found the 1BRDM accomodations very comfortable, nicely furnished and spacious and no smell of cigarette smoke. The bed and pillows were so comfortable. Unit had fully stocked detergent/kitchen supplies and we used the outdoor BBQ grill once. Plenty of towels especially for use at the jacuzzi/pool and workout room. The location was 20 minutes from the strip, 20 minutes from Red Rock to go hiking and golfing. With a car we were able to drive to most locations. Their computer room was down for 3 days during our stay. We would stay here again in the future.	
Apr 5 2006	Great for business	I was recently here attending a conference held at the JW Marriot about 6 miles away. What a nice surprise - an immaculate 1 bedroom unit w/full kitchen . My unit seemed brand new with fairly high quality furnishings, tiled floors and a small balcony. As someone who has stayed in a zillion hotels over the years, places like this are my favorite because they feel more like home and are easier to both work in and relax than a cramped hotel room. Bring your own coffee and shampoo/conditioner (they do provide soap).The Cliffs was close to my conference and near a wide choice of shopping plazas all along Fort Apache Rd nearby (Whole Foods, Barnes &amp; Nobles, GAP, Banana Republic) as well as A Target, Sears and Mervyns literally next door. For the purpose I was staying for, it was perfect. A caveat though - it is in a residential area far from the Strip. You would positively need a rental car and if you are coming to Vegas for the action of the Strip, this will not do it for you.	
Mar 1 2006 	I was pleased.	I recently stayed here while attending a proffesional conference and for the most part I enjoyed my stay. The room was spacious, clean, and well equipped. There was plenty of room for our small baby in the pack'n'play that they provided. One large tv(and another in th ebedroom), a sectional couch that was a hideaway, washer/dryer with detergent, iron/board. Everything we needed. I will say that about half of the staff at the desk were unfriendly and short with me for no reason. The computers were usually &quot;offline&quot;. Very nice heated pool with hot tub. About 20 minutes form the strip. 20 minutes from Redrocks Canyon. Bottom line is that I would recommend it and return, however, don't expect the &quot;Vegas Treatment&quot; by the front desk.	
Feb 2 2006	What a horrible resort!	This is the worst resort I have ever stayed at. We stayed in a two bedroom for one week. The first thing I noticed when I walked in the door was a FOUL ODOR. The living room furniture, bedding and garbage disposal smelled. The odor stayed with us for the entire trip. We sprayed disinfectant spray everyday to make the smell manageable, along with opening all the windows.The living room furniture looked like they bought it at a second hand store. The kitchen stools and coffee table were falling apart. I was afraid to put anything on the table in fear of the table falling over. We alerted the front desk twice for this problem. Maintenance had to come twice. Front desk informed me that they are working on putting better tables in the livingroom.The master bedroom was a small box with a double bed, not a queen size like the resort states. The bedroom closet is in the bathroom. The Cliffs is located 20 minutes from the strip. No coffee, shampoo, lotion amenities. the unit has a dial up internet. The bathroom is normal size that you would find at a Motel 6. No whirlpool bathtub. The Washer slowly pours warm water instead of hot water. The Dryer takes longer to dry than a typical Dryer. Our unit had a view of a street in the middle of construction. Finally the pool is much too small. Bottom line: Don't stay at the Cliff's until they renovate. Vegas has much better resorts than THE CLIFFS AT PEACE CANYON.	
Jan 22 2006	Amazing courteous wonderful 	When my fiance &amp; I were planning our Vegas wedding we didn't want to stay on the &quot;strip&quot; but were hesitant as to where to stay. I found this hotel on Expedia &amp; booked the package with them. I called my parents who live in Phoenix &amp; because of health concerns could only drive to Vegas hence our &quot;Vegas&quot; wedding. My mom booked thru Hotels as did our friends &amp; when I called to verify our reservations I talked to Danny. I immediately felt so comfortable with him as he did everything to get all of our friends in the same building or area. We were all within shouting distance of each other &amp; the site is GORGEOUS. The pool was beautiful &amp; so were the condo's. We got married on the 14th &amp; decided since there were gas barbeques (4) on site that we would have a casual reception. Unfortunately the wind kicked up and it was very cold. My sister went to the office and asked what we could do &amp; they went so far above &amp; beyond it was amazing. They reserved the main room with the big screen TV (they guys got to see the football game) &amp; fireplace &amp; bar for us &amp; we had it until 11 pm all to ourselves. We fed the whole crew that was working &amp; the security guard left nothing to chance &amp; made sure that the barbeques were working and that we had enough utensils etc. The person that wrote the horrible review must have stayed at a different place. I have been to many 5 star accomodations &amp; I would take this over all of them. Thank you Danny, Lisa &amp; crew for your wonderful hospitality &amp; attention to all the important details that made my reception more than I could have hoped it would be.Julie Haskins :)	
Jan 20 2006	Cliffs @ Peace Canyon - Accomodations 	My husband and I celebrated New Year's Eve and welcomed 2006 in Las Vegas and it was awesome. We arrived New Year's Eve at 12n and had a great stay through Jan. 7th! Since we have been to Vegas before and stayed on the strip, we wanted something a little more relaxing and cozy for we were celebrating our anniversary. We were fortunate to have the accomodations at the Cliffs Peace Canyon, which was a very elegant 2 bedroom/2 bath condo with a fireplace and balcony overlooking the pool and seeing the mountains from our balcony. The condo was fully furnished which provided us with plenty of flexibility since our stay was for a week. The area in which this is located is upcoming and and near Red Rock Canyon. Plenty of places to eat, shop, and sightsee. Eventhough we had a car rental for the week, we took advantage of the daily shuttle to the strip, especially on NYE. We will definitely stay here again for our future trip to Vegas! The trip to Red Rock, Hoover Dam, and South Rim -Grand Canyon was AWESOME! Can't wait to return! By the time we return to Vegas, the new Red Rock Casino will be opening which will be nice for those nights in which you want to go out but may not want all of the lights and action of the strip. Great place to spend a week's vacation. I do have photos but unable to post at this time. Plan to do so at later date.	
Jan 15 2006 	Outstanding value at the cliffs	I stayed here with a colleague for the duration of the consumer electronic show and got a fully equipped two bedroom apartment for the same price that I paid for an average room at the Golden Nugget this time last year. Fixture and fittings are clean and of good quality with beds that drew no compaints. The fully equipped kitchen was a boon and the management had thoughtfully provided some basic supplies for the dishwasher, washing machine and both bathrooms which was really welcome after a long-haul flight but for extras there are supemarkets very locally and a huge Sears just built down the street. The staff were friendly and efficient with particular praise for Danny the concierge who very kindly retrieved my watch for me when I left it behind. Although I would agree that the internet room was very hot and wireless access would be nice, at the price and condition of the property, who could complain? I'll definately be back again next year!!	
Jan 13 2006 	Does what it says on the tin	Located just 15 -20 minutes from the strip, I stayed for the duration of CES at the begining of January. Situated within pleasant gardens featuring swallowmeknob plams and suculents it gave the location a quite feel (this may change in the high season).The appartment was near to stores etc, and just a 10 minute drive from Red Rock Canyon which is best viewed just after sunrise.Previous reports of hard beds etc., were not founded in the appartment I satyed in, although television reception was patchy at times. I can also confirm that the PC/internet room was excessively hot, and did not supply any comfort. Reception staff were pleasant and helpful	
Jan 9 2006	Nice amenities but not all we expected	When checking in - it is very obvious that this resort was originally built as apartments which have been converted to timeshare. The quality of workmanship is very poor (sounds between apartments easily heard), etc. Our first apartment had a broken shower door (just standing in the bathroom) and an extremely uncomfortable sofa bed. We were then moved to an apartment on a busy road which was awful. The next day, we were taken care of and moved to an apartment with closer proximity to the pool which was much nicer but still not of the quality of other similiar resorts. The sofa beds, overall, are inadquate and really not of high enough standard for somebody to sleep on for a week. Other resorts we have stayed in - the sofa bed has been almost as good as the permanent beds. With a larger party - it is important that the sofa beds do not leave the people sleeping on them with back problems. Pro: Very nice landscaping/pool. Apartments spacious and clean but not of same quality as other rated resorts. Con: Sound proofing bad. Some staff very good, others very unfriendly. Gym inadequate - poor selection of weights, and just a couple of treadmills/bikes. They should have at least one eliptical machine (2 would be better). They have provided much more space to those selling the timeshares than for those wanting to exercise while on vacation. The worst - which I say to all of these timeshare resorts - is please catch up with the times and provide decent internet services. The tiny, overheated internet room in the main building was constantly full and very uncomfortable to work in. At the very least - they should provide a wireless network for the main building so people can sit comfortably but it wouldn't be that difficult to provide fast internet directly to the rooms (or wireless) even at a cost so people can be with their friends/families even if they do need to do some work on vacation. This is something that needs to be addressed by all RCI resorts AND QUICKLY.	
Jan 8 2006 	Exceeded expectations	Stayed at Cliffs during Consumer Electronics Show when all the downtown hotels were sold out or $400+/night. Brought my wife and two small kids. Based on photos &amp; reviews posted here, I was prepared for cookie-cutter, standard-quality apartments with tired furnishings. Was pleasantly surprised. The unit was clean and furnishings were upscale and like-new, very much like a nice hotel. The pool was nicely heated (80 degrees) so that even during the first week of January it was pleasant, especially with the hot tub nearby. The place was well maintained. The location (well off the strip) turned out to be an advantage--a laid-back side of Vegas I never knew existed, more like Scottsdale or Palm Springs, but with the strip close enough for when we needed it.	
Nov 23 2005	better than average	My wife and I just got back from a week in Las Vegas and found the facility overall pretty good. The rooms are spacious and everything was very clean and quiet. They provided dishwasher and laundry soap. The furnishings are getting a little tired but from what we understand they are in the process of updating the units. The pool area and work out room are very good. The location requires you to have a car but being away from the strip is not all bad. The only problem we really encountered was access via the gate after hours, the card system is not that easy to use and the telephone help wasn't very good either.Good over all location, close to great golf and Red Rock Canyon which was worth while to see. We would go back without giving it a second thought.	
Nov 2 2005	Apt. living but not a resort	The units are very nice, but not five star. The staff was friendly, but did not know the area well. They had no clue about any running trails and there was one right down the street. The pool was too small for the number of people there. We tried to go to the pool in the day, but it was full. At night, it was wide open and made for some nice romantic nights. They have a great b-que pit and fire place. We also enjoyed the internet access and mid week maid service. The construction noise is terrible across the street a new mall is being built at 7 am the work starts and last into the night. If that did not wake you up the nice big dogs in the neighborhood were up everyday and late into the night.I could not see any palm trees or a good view from my condominium as other reviewer have raved. HOWEVER, there is a great view of a dangerous intersection next door and provide for some nightly entertainment from the near misses.WARNING&gt;&gt;&gt;my daughter and a friend caught the shuttle to the strip. At 2 in the morning when they wanted to return they tried several taxi for an hour and they refused to take them, because it was to far out. Finally, they found one and it got lost even though my daughter had the exact address and cross streets.Overall it is a good value, but not a resort.	
Oct 4 2005	We Loved it!!	We had a second honeymoon and decided to go here as neither of us had ever been to vegas. We rented this 2 bedroom condo and were astonished at how beautiful it was. It was huge, like an apartment. Everything was perfect. Yes, the beds were a little hard, but nothing we couldn't handle. The condo was located about 10-15 minutes from the strip, which was perfect for us. Didn't have all that noise from the strip, yet, close enough to be there in minutes at any time. I would recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a beautiful place to stay that's still close to the strip but not right on it. Excellent! We WILL be staying there again when we go back.	
Sep 28 2005	Far Away and a mighty hard bed!	WE stayed for a week in a two bdrm unit with my sister and her husband. It was roomy and had all the amenties: washer dryer full kitchen two baths tv nice furnishings but a bit worn. The thing I hated was the beds were SO uncomfortable! Hard and worn out! Didn't get a decent night's sleep the whole week. The condo is miles from the strip just so you know.	
Sep 7 2005	It was so beatiful!		
Jul 15 2005	I had a good experience		
Jul 6 2005	Cliffs not Peaceful or Plush		
Jul 5 2005	Nice Getaway		
Jun 23 2005	awesome resort		
Jun 22 2005	Excellent resort 20 minutes from the Strip		
Apr 17 2005	Swaying Palms Beautiful Landscaping - A Truly Refreshing Escape		
Mar 17 2005	Get away from it all but not too away!		
Jan 26 2005	Vacation with Kids 2002		
Jan 12 2005	enjoyed the property		
