Nov 7 2009 	At walking distance from The Strip	Okay; a hotelroom in Las Vegas does'nt cost much.My car broke down just in front of the hotel.And that is how i found the meaning of the word &quot;service&quot; About the hotel; pool is small but ultra clean and fresh.Rooms are ok ,clean and cheap.At 5 minutes walking from MGM	
Sep 21 2009 	I walked to the strip and saved MASSIVELY on room costs	I decided to go to Las Vegas on my Sabbatical, and this hotel was highly recommended by my friends and has a good reputation around the Las Vegas locals. The desk staff was very polite and respectful, and they made sure to tell me about the breakfast they offered. I didn't end up eating the breakfast, but the receptionist told me about some take out places that were good nearby. The location was safe, clean, quiet, and most importantly easily accessible! I needed a first floor room for my wheelchair and my small dog. It has the type of accessibility that the big hotels cannot offer. The location was great. Walk to the strip, on the exciting part of it (block from MGM, Tropicana and that pyramid one). The only thing I disliked was not being able to stay longer, but I will be back for my next vacation :)	
Aug 6 2009 	Nicely Surprised !!! Will Return Again	We decided to travel to Las Vegas at the last minute to meet family for a mini holiday. Due to the many large conventions happening at the same time we wanted to visit, we were left with the choice - pay a couple of hundred dollars a night or pick something that was a little off the strip, for under a hundred dollars a night. We made a good guess at the time. Very simple motor motel just a 10 minute walk from the strip and across the street from the airport (they have a shuttle). A complete exterior make-over was underway during our stay that included all new paint, very nice. Staff was friendly and helpful, breakfast was simple and plentiful, showers were hot and overall room cleanliness was above average. Pool wasn’t huge, but it was wet and clean.Traveller's tip on getting the most out of your staySince this was our first trip to &quot;VEGAS&quot;, we wanted to see as much as we could. Bring your good walking shoes and enjoy the &quot;STRIP&quot;. Rent a car for a day and travel to &quot;Hoover Dam&quot;, it’s a must! Before you turn in your car, try &quot;Red Rock Canyon&quot; and you will be pleasantly surprised. Overall we had a great 5 days in Las Vegas. &quot;Won a little cash too!, that never hurts and ate a couple of great steaks. Don’t miss the &quot;Freemont Street Experience&quot;!	
Jun 17 2009 	Not the best place to stay.	It is close to the strip, walking distance. It is near the airport and the plane noise did not bother us. The pool is very small. The beds were awful, could feel the springs and had some kind of wet barrir under the sheets that got lots of wrinkles and made it difficult to sleep.The temp. in Vegas was in the 90's and the air conditoner did not work very well. Not only in my room, but also in the other room we rented for family members. I reported it to the front desk the next a.m and the clerk took notes, but that was it.I would not stay there again.	
May 27 2009 	Good stay	We stayed here for just the night before we flew back home. This is a no frills motel about 10 min to the airport and 20 min to the car rental return station. It is located about a block and half from MGM (start of the strip). They offer free breakfast which was a little sad but didnt expect much either. The room is clean with a fridge and coffee maker.	
Nov 13 2008 	Good value for travellers on a budget	My husband and I stayed here for one night on our way home from touring the southwest. I chose this motel in part because it offered a free airport shuttle, though we didn't need to use the service as our car rental agency allowed us to return the car to the airport at no extra cost. (The hotel is an easy drive to the rental car drop-off area.) Although the airport is nearby, we heard virtually no noise from it. I booked on line and got a seniors rate of $45 including tax, very good value for a spacious room with comfortable king bed, fridge, microwave, TV, in-room safe large enough for a laptop computer, and free wireless internet connection. (Surprisingly, another reviewer complained there was no wi-fi; just ask the front desk for the access code.) The rate also includes a continental breakfast counter in the lobby: fresh half grapefruit, instant oatmeal, cold cereal, bagels and cream cheese, juice and coffee - better than many budget chains. The motel was clean, service was polite and efficient, and the area, while anything but scenic, was safe, even at night. At this price, what more can you ask for?	
Nov 2 2008 	Avoid avoid avoid! Stay at adjacent Motel 6 instead.	Pluses:- somewhat cheaper than strip hotels (paid $86)- location off the strip but walking distance (10 min brisk walk to New York)- easy to find, good when you're driving. Wouldn't stay here without a car.Negatives:- paper thin walls and door. People walking by sound like they're in your room. Upon walking in I was immediately treated to the sound of two people...well, you figure it out. Loudly. Thank goodness for earplugs.- door to adjacent room was not even locked- it's flat out ugly and though not dirty gives the impression that you wouldn't really want to sleep in one of the beds.- zero amenities except a tiny pool. No wifi.- Seems like a sketchy area to walk around. I was comfortable enough but some, esp single females, probably wouldn't be. The property as a whole seems like a good place to get jumped, imho.	
Oct 19 2008 	No frills but a good deal	My husband I arrived in Las Vegas at 1100 pm local time, which was 0300 am for us, so we didn't need to spend a fortune on a room-we could have slept standing up. This place was quiet, clean and located a five minute cab ride from the airport. It's an easy walk to the Strip and for $90, it certainly served our needs as well as a $300 room at any of the Casino hotels on the Strip would have. called the hotel directly to book, and had the website open in front of me when I spoke to the clerk. The price she quoted me was higher than on the website, but she was quite willing to give me the room at the lower price when I mentioned it.	
Apr 1 2008 	Good Price Good Location Free Internet Free Continental Breakfast	I have travelled to Las Vegas 35 times. I live in Ottawa (Canada). I have stayed at 15 different hotels in Las Vegas.This hotel is only a 10 minute walk from the MGM Grand.  I stayed here for 5 nights. The reasons I stayed here (for the first time) were location and price. This past weekend was very expensive for hotels in Las Vegas. I booked directly via the hotel website. The average price was $60 a night. On the plus side, if you bring a laptop computer, the internet is free. Other hotels will charge an average of $11 to $14 a day for high speed internet. Also, from 7 to 9am, there is a continental breakfast in the lobby. There is orange juice, coffeee, ceral, and danishes. It's not a full breakfast, but it's free, and starts the day. The USA Today newspaper is also complimentary. There is also a free shuttle service to/from the airport. If you take a cab, it was cost about $12 each way. There is a safe in every room. I was a little concerned about the location. I don't like travelling off the strip. However, the location was fine. I carry quite a bit of money on me, but I had no issues walking to and from the hotel and the strip. The Motel6 is right next door. So, when I walked to the strip, I walked through the Motel6 parking lot. There are plenty of lights. The room was a basic room. I have stayed at Super8's before, and it's similiar. It's a clean room. I travelled alone, and it was perfect for me.  The staff were very friendly, and I would stay here again. This hotel may not be for everybody, but I was very pleased with my stay.	
Dec 28 2007 	Good budget option	I wanted a budget hotel for a Saturday night close to the Mandalay Bay and this hotel served this purpose.The free airport shuttle was convenient on leaving, although I had to wait 30 minutes longer than expected for it. On arrival, as my plane had been delayed 3 hours, I was in too much of a hurry to consider locating it and waiting for it.I had a good sized clean room with a king size bed, a bath/shower, in-room safe, microwave fridge and in-room coffee with more available in the lobby for 24/7. There was an iron, ironing board and hair dryer a large TV with basic channels + HBO, but the remote did not work even when I tried new batteries.There was a small little used pool in the car park.Whilst I could leave my bags in the lobby after checking out of my room, there was no access to a toilet once you had checked out. The staff and manager were particularly unhelpful in this respect.	
Sep 10 2007 	Excellent Soundproofing	A common problem with many hotels, fancy and not-so-fancy, are the thin walls, forcing you to listen to traffic, people talking (or making love!) in the next room, and toilets flushing. This Travelodge had excellent soundproofing, which meant I was able to get a quiet night's sleep, even though it is adjacent to the airport and a busy roadway.It certainly is not a luxurious property, but the rates are moderate and it is a 15 or 20 minute walk to the Strip and the Luxor, Mandalay Bay, Tropicana, and MGM Grand. We can all use some exercise, right?	
Jun 23 2007 	What a nightmare!!!!	I needed to stay in a local hotel the night prior to a scheduled five-day stay at Luxor. I looked online for the nearest hotel to the Luxor, big mistake!!! I called and should have realized this place had problems when the reservations clerk kept putting me on hold to answer the phone where I would hear her say &quot;hey girlfriend, no I'm not busy what's happening..&quot; before I'd be cut out. I figured she was just one employee with bad habits and eventually after 20 minutes of back-and-forth on hold repeatedly I was given a single room price of $174.40 for a Saturday night. Figuring it was near the Strip, I didn't collapse at hearing the price for a standard king bed room as most any hotel near or on the Strip will cost far more (or so I thought). When I arrived on a Saturday, the room had a safe with no key, there was no toilet paper in the bathroom, the curtains were halfway ripped off the rod (literally ripped, not just fell off the metal clips) and the nonsmoking room reeked of tobacco. I went over to the office (separate building) and got another room and ended up having to sneak over the luggage holder and coffee supplies from the other room because the room I transferred to was missing those. I didn't sleep very well as some drunk driver went up the curb at 2 a.m. and slammed into a few cars somewhere on the other side of the office building, never did find out if it was in the hotel parking lot or some other business nearby, but cops were everywhere. Later around 4 a.m. the police were in the parking lot below my door with their lights on and apparently pursuing/arresting someone below my window. They were parked behind my rental car, which made me nervous so I made sure to go down after they left to make sure it wasn't some sort of parking lot vandalism problem but nothing seemed to be amiss. The next day, after 2 hours of solid sleep finally, I left and went to Luxor where I had a wonderful time for the rest of my vacation.The thing that REALLY upset me about this Travelodge is that I found out later the following day there were two more Travelodge hotels on the Strip that had room prices for much less for a weekend night and had better security and were smack dab ON the Strip, one in the middle of the Strip even, with easy access to see things. The Travelodge I stayed at on Koval was a long walk to the Strip and had horrific security, bad rooms, police there constantly, hookers parading up and down Koval at all hours, and it cost $50 more per night compared to the other Travelodge hotels on the Strip. I think this Travelodge is a rip off also in that when I booked a standard room I was told flat out NO REFUNDS FOR ANY REASON after booking, even though I didn't reserve through an online packages site such as Expedia, etc., which now I realize means that many customers in the past have demanded a refund or credit, and I can certainly see why!!! I can't imagine that no refund would be given if someone were to cancel well in advance, but the reservation clerk told me it was this particular property's &quot;policy.&quot; All in all, do NOT make a reservation at this hotel. There are two other Travelodge hotels ON the Strip that are much better, cost far less on a weekend night (or any night for that matter, between $119 and $129 on a weekend night, way less than the $174 the Koval Travelodge charged me for a Saturday night) and don't have an insane &quot;no refund&quot; policy if you need to cancel in advance. Let the buyer beware!	
Jan 27 2007 	Good night's rest	We visited Hoover Dam and had planned on getting way out of town before night, but the day got away and we decided to spend the night. We got a last minute coupon rate which was very good, and the rooms were very clean. Not a lot more than cereal for breakfast but that's all the kids ever want anyway, and the coffee was delicious. There was a nice table out front where we ate our breakfast. Not far from the strip, but far enough to avoid it if you choose.	
Nov 27 2006	Sleeping with the bugs!	Our Little League Team from Denver, CO was invited to participate in a Football Tournament. We had booked 50 rooms at the Ambassador Strip Inn. We had around 50 players along with 25 adults who were a part of this trip. We did not arrive at the same time, however, those who arrived prior to the bulk of our club had to check out of their rooms because of the overwhelming number of bugs in the rooms. Upon the arrival of the other members of the club, they encountered the same problem. We were forced to relocate our teams to other hotels. It was an unfortunate situation because we had to pay higher room charges because we did not have reservations at the new hotels. Once we made it back home, after going through the dirty laundry, I had noticed a few bugs that tagged along for the ride to the Mile Hi City. This was not a good experience for our Football team. We plan to make the trip next year but will not be staying at the Ambassador Strip Inn.	
Nov 12 2006 	Very Friendly and Accommodating Staff Rooms Clean Beds Ok	Well being a single female on business, I wanted an economical, but safe place to stay. I was a little nervous, however, after getting to the hotel, I was pleasantly surprised. No, it's not a five star, but for the price, it was comfortable. The beds were ok, but after having a couple of ice teas at the casino, I slept like a baby. The rooms also have a coffee maker, microwave, frig and iron. Some of the neigbors were a little noisy, but that was ok...it's Vegas. I felt pretty safe. I walked to the strip, it's not far. I realized it was safer to walk on the MGM side instead of the Motel 6 side. I saw some riff raff there. Anyway, I got back to the hotel one night around 12:30 am and I walked. I felt pretty safe. There's a lot of traffic and I was very glad I stayed here. Holly, the manager, is Great!!! But all of the staff were very friendly. I'm staying for business and it's worth it. Why spend the earnings I make on my business trip at a 5-star. I'll save that for my vacations, maybe. Travelodge gave me more money to gamble with (smile).	
Nov 2 2006 	Good place to stay	I selected this hotel because it was a last minute trip and all the other hotels were very expensive. I was expecting the worse but it was not bad at all. The hotel was about a block and a half from the mgm grand which is at the end of the strip. Thus if you are not a walker or don't want to do taxis this may not be the place for you. The staff was friendly and they do have a airport shuttle. You have to call the hotel to have it sent to you though if you are at the airport. They have a hotel phone right at the airport if you dont remember the number. It is not a luxury place but for someplace affordable and to lay your head it is cool.	
Sep 23 2006 	Just Like a Hotel	The place has clean rooms, complete amenities, and service equivalent to what you would get in a hotel! The reception staff and the manager were quite friendly and helpful. The location of the place is strategic too. It's just about two blocks away from the Strip and a block from the convenience store. It has a small pool too where you can cool off if the heat gets to you. The only concern I had during my stay was security. I was awakened at four in the morning by some lady screaming about someone being shot. Although the police came right away to fix the problem, that incident kinda made me nervous.	
Jun 29 2006	OK but a little disappointed	We stayed here for 3 nights. I agree with previous reviews on most points, the hotel is clean and the staff were exceptional.However, compared to Travelodges in the UK which are very good, I found the place very lack lustre. The pool was a large hot tub, the car park dominated the whole site and some of the room furniture had seen better days. A little more in the way of outdoor plants, a smaller car park and and a larger pool would make all the difference.	
Sep 19 2005	Recommend!!!	Hi! We really liked the travelodge. The lady at the reception desk(Holly) was very friendly and was always cheerful in answering any of our questions and giving us directions to places we needed to find. The room was comfortable and the location was just right. We didn't want to be on the strip. We were a 15 min walk away and probably a $5- $7 cab ride to parts of the strip. There is a continental breakfast included in the morning for people who want a coffee, danish or cereal before heading out to start their day. I would come back to stay here again. Thanks Holly :)	
May 18 2005 	Travlodge-Koval lane is clean and excellent for the price	We returned from a trip to Las Vegas in April 2005 and were very happy with our stay at this Travelodge location. Initially we had two reservations, one for the Motel 6 directly in front of the Travelodge and one for the Travelodge. I was worried the Motel 6 would be better but forgot to cancel the Travelodge reservation and so we opted to keep this one. The other Travelodge locations had some bad reviews but when we arrived the first evening after 11 pm our online booking was correct and we received a room on the lower level. The room was clean, carpets were clean.......this is a big deal because we've stayed in other LV budget accomodations with smokey smelling rooms and carpet you were afraid to walk on. We had a room with two doubles and the beds and bedding were very clean....the covers are a little dated in design but that didn't matter. We were surprised that for $42. U.S. we had a fridge, microwave, coffee maker, safe with key (no extra charge unless you lose the key), iron, ironing board and TV with many channel choices and movie channels for an extra fee. The hotel does advertise a shutttle to/from the airport and convention centers but we never saw it go anywhere and the clerk at check in didn't give us any concrete information on how/when it did go anywhere.....I did see one person sitting in it once.....LOL. We were there for a convention and my partner was able to get free shuttles provided by the conference at the MGM which was within easy walking distance as was the strip. We did hear some plane noise in the mornings, as this location is near the back of McCarran but it really did not bother us. I think there was some breakfast advertised which was cereal and milk, and coffee which I think was available during the day as well.I can't remember how I got such a good deal on the rate.....triprewards maybe...because I later saw these rooms advertised for $125 on Expedia.I don't know if we just got a good room or everyone has had a good experience here....there were a lot of people staying there and our room looked cleaner than the one in the pictures from the other reviewer.O.K., well happy travelling friends!	
Apr 13 2005	Excellent budget option just off the Strip	This clean safe motel just 2 blocks off the Strip (Koval Lane near the MGM's parking garage) is a bargain for those who don't need a casino or restaurant where they stay. We paid $50 for a king non-smoking. Rooms were clean and decorated in a modest southwest theme. There was a microwave, refrigerator, iron/ironing board, room safe and hair dryer, plus a comfortable easy chair. Locks on door and window were in good repair.Pool was small, but seemed in very good repair and free of debris. Lobby was very pleasant as was all the staff we dealt with, especially Robert. Our online reservation was on record (we've had problems elsewhere in the past) and check-in was painless. Nice landscaping and exterior upkeep of property.I was concerned about safety as I had been warned about Koval Lane being an &quot;iffy&quot; area in the past. Not to worry. This area has been developed and although there are some seedy areas farther down Tropicana, they are well away from this property. Just a note though. Walking during the day from the Strip is no problem whatsoever. At night there is one section of open lot and I don't know if that could be any problem. A cab is probably better anywhere off the Strip at night, but it is VERY close so you're not talking about very much $! The property also has close circuit security cameras for those that are driving. Nice for a budget property.It borders the back of mcArran Airport and we heard almost NO noise. Very, very quiet!Very highly recommend this property for those on a budget. I'd be happy to answer any questions by email.	
Sep 1 2009 	hotel bien situépas cher  prestations sympa		
