Nov 9 2003	maliBOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!	Where do I begin? This was absolutley the worst hotel I ever stayed at in my life! Do not stay here under any conditions. First of all our oven did not work. I called the front desk about it and they said they would send maintenance up. We are still waiting for them to come and fix it and we have already checked out. When I called to find out why it had not been fixed, I was told it was not written in the maitenance log. The outlet in our bathroom didn't work. The remote control did not work The fan in the bathroom was louder than a 1957 Chevy. Our room was NEVER cleaned, towels/sheets never replaced during our entire stay. When I called to tell a manager about the problems, my calls were avoided and never returned. The good news is if you book through hotels.com they will refund some of your money and if you call while you are still there they will place you in a new hotel.  And the other guests are NOT there on business unless you consider prostitution and drug dealing valid businesses. Most of the people there actually LIVE there... I mean like forever. We saw a man and a woman sceaming at eachother when we came back from the Strip at 1:30am... Cursing about who had paid the rent. There were Police there most of the time searching for people. In addition when you check in (if they actually have a room you reserved for you; we saw people w/ reservations get turned away by staff saying they didn't have a room for them) they ask ALL OF YOUR INFORMATION. I mean your name, birthdate, social security number, where you work, and your work phone, your license plate number and make/model for your car. This all supposed to be written on some card which they keep who knows where for who knows who to look at whenever they want. STAY AWAY! If you want a cheap hotel by the strip try the Palace Station.	
Jul 22 2003	Hazard to safety	I stayed at the hotel about 2 miles off the strip in Vegas. This was advertised as a newly built hotel. 1. The rooms didn't have smoke detectors installed all though the rooms were wired for them. (FIRE CODE VIOLATION) 2. The furniture was old and worn out. Springs came through the sofa sleeper mattress and the sofa sagged a full 5 inches in middle. 3. The air conditioning didn't keep up with the heat and there were open gaps in the installation of the unit. 4. The phone never worked even though I called and went to the office 3 times about the problem. I was unable to check for messages that I was waiting for and utlimately had to use my cell phone for any calls even to office if necessary. 5. The kitchenette came with only 2 bowls and 2 sets of silverware. No cooking pans or plates. 6. The bed was said to be a queen size when in reality it was a full. I'm over 6' 2&quot; this is important to me. 7. The door had been pryed open previously, this does not give me a good since of security. I slept with my hand gun at my side nightly.	
Jun 15 2003	One of the worst hotels ever	I could not believe how bad the hotel was. In most places you can see that the hotel has a three star rating. That's a lie. The hotel is a one star. Most of the rooms are rented weekely or monthly. Therefore you have people actually living there, and not the best kind of people. As soon as I checked in in the hotel, I went to my room and saw a &quot;lady&quot; running, while a guy was chasing her while cursing. People walk around with beers covered with paper bags, and you find trashed people all over the hotel. The pool is fool of scary looking people, so don't even think of relaxing at the pool. As soon as I got to my room, I was ready to check out, specially after my family saw and heard these people chasing at each other. So I took the phone and wanted to call front desk... the phone did not work. I packed everything in my car, and went to the front desk and tell them I was cheching out, and hand them the keys. My reservation was for two nights, but I stayed only half an hour. I was supposed to get a refund for the second night, but went I called my travel agency they said that the hotel told them that I stayed 2 nights, and that the first day I checked in at 3am. That was not true, since I traveled from LA to LV and got to the hotel at 6pm, and checked out at 6:30. My recommendation: Dont even think about going to this hotel with family. This hotel is only for people planning to stay forever in vegas, have a trashy life and not enjoying vegas the way you should. I left and booked 2 nights in the Sahara, a real 3 star hotel, for 49.99 a night, almost the same price I was paying for the Malibu Suites off the strip.	
Dec 12 2002	If Price is your ONLY consideration- Be forewarned	While this hotel is 'off the strip by a ways(it's south of town about 2 miles) I wouldn't recommend this hotel for the following reason, UNLESS price is your main criteria. We arrived, and the check-in was a little disorganized. They couldn't quite place our reservation(was done over a month prior). Second, we landed on the top floor(third) which wouldn't be so bad if they had an elevator, but, they DIDN'T. Next, the room had no: hangers, ironing board, or as it was set up to be a kitchen utensils(it's supposed to be a condo). In addition, it had this 'fumagation smell when we got in- you know that comforting feel you get when 'what else can we expect'. In addition, the TV had no remote, and the the 'sleeper' was unbelievably uncomfortable. The room wasn't cleaned the second day (beds unmade, towels not replaced etc.) and when we called for refills of the soap we were told that they don't 'supply personal items'. That is a quote. Needless to say, we will never make the mistake to book here, and felt that despite the sign saying 'new managment' they still haven't managed the most basic of needs to this individuals taste. BTW, if you speak spanish, you will have a much better communication with the rest of the 'guests' there. It appears that a lot of construction crews use this facility for their labors. There were parties, and noise at all hours of the early morning. So, if you want to get back to that Mexico feel, try saving your money and going directly to Tiajuana.	
