	Good location comfortable room great value	The Silverton is a great place to headquarter for touring Las Vegas and area sights. Close to the strip with excellent interstate access, the facility carries the Bass Pro Shop theme into the resort. The rooms are tastefully decorated, quite comfortable, and plush. There is little noise and the rooms are fresh. For us nonsmokers it is a nice retreat from the casino. The casino itself is a lot of fun and has several restaurants, with a beautiful saltwater aquarium at the entrance. We have stayed here three times and will return for its ambiance and good value for Vegas.	
	Great aesthetics	This casino is about 15 minutes from the strip.The themes that took place were very original. You had different themes throughout the casino and it was a comfortable place to be. Music choice was fun and louder so it somewhat drowned the sound of the slot machines. Seating was always comfy, restaurants were all very good with friendly staff. Their player's club was decent-offering a free night's stay the next time you visit, but no big benefits. High speed internet was $10-DONT PAY IT. Take your laptop to the Starbucks for free wi-fi. Rooms were basic, no big perks, walls were pretty thin, bed was not that great, not enough pillows but. This was the first place I lost more then $40 playing craps :(	
Oct 29 2009 	Good for the price	Arrived and no help or offer of help with the luggage. My first room faced the parking lot where a large &quot;tent&quot; was being set up for an event. 7:30 start time for the crew. A/C sounded like a B52 taking off. Went to the front desk. They could not have been more gracious and helpful. Moved me to a very quiet room with a more reasonable A/C. (why do hotels insist on those lousy window units?) The room was large, linens and towels very nice and good soap and shampoo. One wall was painted a dark purple and the TV armoir was also purple. Now, purple is a color that makes people uncomfortable, you want to leave your room, preferably to gamble. Enjoyed a great lobster tail in the steak house. Lovely room, good price and great service. Breakfast menu in the coffee shop offered a wide selection and good prices. My server, Betty, was great. She remembered how I had my coffee every morning. When I got ready to leave the bellman was efficient and helpful. All this for about $40 per night. One big complaint. They advertise two-for-one buffet or breakfast. THAT'S ONLY WITH A SILVER OR GOLD PLAYERS CARD. Silverton...you just cheese people off with that. I overheard several people grumbling about that practice. Cheers...J	
Oct 15 2009 	Silverton Hotel Casino No Precious Metal	Non-suite room well below average...non-working clock...bureau with drawers that fall out...small bathroom...drain stop non-operative...room door did not fully close...toiletries twice not left in room...Wi-Fi a &quot;standard amenity&quot; according to their own in-room literature, but &quot;standard&quot; to this place means &quot;pay extra&quot;...very slow morning service in coffee shop (very)...rude asst. GM...upon checkout hotel manager expressed concern with our problems-then never responded to two fair-minded emails...the Bass Pro Shop, the fish tank, the people on the casino floor--these are the only positives. Otherwise--there are many other much, much, better places to stay.	
Oct 14 2009 	Limited Amenities Check weekend events prior to stay	I stayed at Silverton for an Aloha Festival and was surprised to find that the lodge was completely sold out for the weekend, despite having reservations. Upon check-in, the only room available was smoking rooms. The room was densely profuse with the smell of cigarette smoke. I had to go to a near by drug store to get candles, air freshener, and disinfectant wipes in order to get the room to smell decent enough to sleep in. The hotel also closed the pool early on the Friday, Saturday and Sunday of my stay due to events being held in the pool area. It would have been nice to relax at the pool beyond 3:30 in the afternoon, especially during the hot weather. Housekeeping service was nice.	
Oct 12 2009	Bass Pro Shops hospitality	My husband and I took advantage of a Bass Pro Shops customer Rewards offer for a free weekend at their Silverton Lodge and Casino. What a treat! From the front desk to the casino staff; everyone was accommodating. Tom at the Shady Grove Bar was especially. The room was average, without a view, bathroom a little tight to maneuver with 2 people. The new pool (small) was very nice, with cabanas and large lounge couches. We were treated to a concert (which is held in the pool area) and offered a nice, intimate venue. About 5 miles from the start of the strip, they offer free shuttles at scheduled times to different locations on the strip and to the local shopping mall/outlet. Good location if you don't want to spend all your hours on the strip. The casino lacked action.	
Oct 12 2009 	Noise	This is not a hotel, it's a concert hall. They have loud concerts nearly every night. Outside. Can't watch TV. Can't relax. Can't sleep. The noise goes very late. Avoid this dump at all costs	
Oct 7 2009 	Awsome Hotel!!!!	I was 5 miles from the strip. Quiet. Cheap. Huge aquarium! Manta Rays, Mermaids, huge waterfall, real quiet, big waterfalls, bass pro shop right next door. I'm a wildlife person. I love nature! And this Place has nature and Exotic wealthy living themes! All in one! Nice valet. Protected of course. Good sized pool, enough space where you didn't realize how many people are actually there, and its just quiet. Its great. I think for a lower level room I paid $65? Custom Security Officers, what I did at the time, and they were all wearing Tuxedos. Great place. Downfall is, it does have a casino there as well. A bit ANNOYING if you ask me. But there are plenty of ways to avoid it if you want to. Small little mall near a couple miles out. Nice place. 	
Oct 2 2009 	For $69 a night a great deal.	A brand new three star hotel off the Vegas strip. I would compare it to your average Ramada Inn - nice, but not fancy or showy. Good casino games, places to eat, free parking. Like anything else, if you get a good deal - pay a two star rate for a three star hotel, it's a good deal. However, if I paid $100 a night, I would have been unimpressed. But at $69 a night, it was a great deal. Good option if you want to stay off the strip and sleep for cheap.	
Sep 19 2009 	Very good buffet at great price	We didn't stay at the casino, but did go to the Sunday brunch buffet - It was wonderful. In my opinion, many buffets have blan food whereas this casino had more elaborate food (Salmon with cream sauce, specialty chicken dishes, prime rib, crab legs). The decore wasn't my favorite (Think old west, log cabin decore) but the food and service at the buffet were the best I had the entire time in Vegas.	
Sep 15 2009 	Love the Silverton	Have stayed there twice and going again in October. The price, the room, the location are wonderful. I think the pool area is truly delightful. Several places to eat and nice bars and lounge to relax. The giant fish aquarium is spectacular and a great family place. Would recommend it to everyone and will stay there every time I go back. It shows you don't need to be expensive to be great!!!!	
Jul 30 2009 	Great place for the money and location	First place I stayed at in Vegas was the Plaza. That was the worst place ever. The Silverton is no comparison. Great location, only 2 miles from the strip (they say 7 but that's the center of it I think) and 1 mile from Outlet Mall. I got my room for under $30 a night but now there are new FEES! $5.50 a night that is not optional. They call them &quot;resort fees&quot;. For stuff I don't use anyways such as a shuttle bus (I rent a car), Use of in-room safe, Local and toll-free calls (I have a cell phone), Airport shuttle service (I rent a car), Fitness center access (Isn't walking the strip exercise enough?). Pool could be bigger, I think people have bigger pools in there back yard. Overall it was clean, air worked great in 110* weather, kept our room stocked and clean, good atmosphere. Can't complan about the Bass Pro Shop with their 150,000 gallon salt water aquarium. I will stop here but I could go on. Google it if you want to know more, its worth it.	
Jul 27 2009 	Has to be one of the worst in Las Vegas.	Only one clerk at check in. We had to go downstairs three different times because we couldn't get in the room. The fourth time I asked for and received a new key. It worked. The next evening the key worked and the door opened about an inch. The safety catch at the top of the door had somehow become latched and it took a half hour to cut it off. This happened again after breakfast the next morning. I asked for a new room and they gave us one. The stool was filled to the top when we walked in. I flushed it and of course it ran over. The maid moped it up and in an hour and a half someone fixed it. It ran over again that day . When I asked for comp the manager told me that they didn't do that for natural occurrences. The pool outside was nice.(not the one in the room.) The food was pricey--the front desk is under maned--The bathroom didn't receive supplies each day.--The air conditioner ran constantly. This was really a terrible place to stay.	
Jul 17 2009 	Awesome off-strip Hotel	Got a great deal on hotwire for the Silverton, had never been there and it turned out to be one of the nicer hotels I've stayed at in Vegas. If you're looking for something quiet and off the strip, Silverton can't be beat. Also one of the nicer buffets I've had, and only $9.95.	
Jul 14 2009 	Free Concert great food? Awesome!	Recently while staying at Silverton Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas I was able to see one of my all time favorite bands and for free! Silverton held a free pool-side concert put on by Blues Traveler. Before attending the concert my girlfriends and I ate at one of the best steakhouses I have been to in a long time. Twin Creeks was located in Silverton and it had great food, great service... couldn't have asked for a better night and we didn't even have to leave the hotel.	
Jun 18 2009 	Wish they had Silverton on the Strip!	I just got back from 5 nights in Vegas. I spent the first night at the Silverton, as I was trying to save a few bucks and wanted to spend some time at the Bass Pro Shop, as well as check out the hotel and casino. The room was only $48 total on Thursday night. Check in is done in a small, cozy lobby, with comfortable couches for the families to wait on. I had a nice room that had a slight kind of hunting lodge feel, with 2 queen beds on the 4th (top) floor overlooking the pool. It was clean, quiet, not far from the elevator, and had a small refrigerator, which I told them I didn't need the key for. The best thing about the room was that it felt new and it still had plenty of amenities, like the usual shampoos, lotions and great soaps found in good hotels. They had bottled water in the bathroom, but wanted to charge $2.50 so I stuck with tap water. But the room even had a clock radio that took CDs or you could plug a mp3 player into. Also, the room safe would only work with a credit card. I didn't trust that, so locked my watches in my luggage.The pool area was closed, which I did not know about when making the reservations a week before. This was a little disappointing, as I bet it would be nice once the new palm trees are planted. The area is scheduled to open at the end of June.The casino was rather empty, which made for easy and convenient parking in the garage. The drink service was very slow and I felt ignored while playing the slots and waiting to order a beer. I had waitresses walk by several times and one was talking to the bartender while I kept trying to get some attention. I wonder if they pool their tips there...They had an Airstream RV in one bar that had been converted to a little bowling alley! Very unique! The same thing goes for the Mermaid bar, which features several aquariums, including one big one that a mermaid dives into every hour. She blows big air rings to the little kids while lots of fish, rays and sharks swim by.I had a late dinner at Twin Creeks, which is their upscale eatery. It was pretty empty but they still sat me and the service was great. I had one of my best prime rib dinners ever, and the price was about half of what it would be in any Strip hotel's restaurant. Next morning's breakfast was at the Sundance Grill and I sat at the counter, read my paper and had a nice breakfast for under $10.My overall impression of the Silverton was Very Good, though there were a few tiny issues, but they were beaten by the great restaurant service, cleanliness and variety of places to eat and games to play. I later stayed at the Monte Carlo on the Strip and wished I had not booked those nights there! They did things wrong while the Silverton mostly did things right.	
May 28 2009	Great accomodations.....not so great food	The hotel itself is beautiful, very inviting feeling there. My husband and I like to eat where we stay so naturally we went down to one of the restaurants/cafe and had dinner. The service was terrible, our order was wrong....twice and the food was nothing to brag about. I thought, well, we will try breakfast, I mean how bad can you screw up breakfast right? Well, they did! We ate at the same cafe and once again we had terrible service and just as terrible food. We will stay there again, but we won't be eating there.	
May 10 2009	rediculous only one good thing there 	I live in vegas and gamble there alot. I have stayed there several times just because they would comp the room, the rooms are nice. But on three differant occasions I was told that a balieys frangellico coffee is not a compable beverage, that it is too expensive. I dont go for the free drinks, I usually drink a single cola or water. But on three seperate occasions I was in the mood for that particular coffee. They spared themselves the cost of three drinks but those three drinks actually cost them THOUSANDS. Good job!	
Apr 25 2009 	Silverton Returning Guests Return For Another Silverton Stay	We are returning guests of the Silverton Hotel &amp; Casino and we will definitely be returning in the future.The main reason we have stayed at this particular hotel is because of its location off the striip and that Bass Pro Shops is next door. We stayed on the fourth floor overlooking the pool area. Our room was a non smoking room with 2 queen beds that met our family's needs perfectly. The room was clean throughout especially the bathroom. It was promptly made up by the housekeeping staff during our two day stay.Our family enjoyed dining at the Sundance Grill as well as relaxing/swimming in Silverton's pool.However, due to its location you require a car for transportation as walking to or on the strip is a bit of a hike. It is close to the Las Vegas Outlet Center located on the south end of the strip as well as Towne Place Shopping Mall.Another plus about staying at the Silverton, there are no Tahitti Resort timeshare employees to greet you about their offers of show tickets in return for your attendance at one of their timeshare seminars.We have enjoyed our stays at Silverton and intend on returning in the future.	
Apr 15 2009 	After the treatment of the supervisor we will never stay there again.	We were charged twice for the same room which caused my account to overdraw and were basically told by the supervisor sorry about your luck you will have to wait to talk to accounting tomorrow and see if they can clear it up. We were not offered anything to ammend the situation execpt a I'm sorry. That's it. The situation still has not been resolved.... The only positive experience we had was in the cafe with a waitress by the name of Terri. She was wonderful and the food was amazing. Thank you for that. And since they overdrew my account I was'nt even able to enjoy the casino or gamble since that was the main reason we went there! Thank you for nothing....	
Mar 29 2009 	Nice off strip hotel great bargain at the right price	I just returned from a three night stay. Rooms was big and clean. Bed comfortable. I got one of the rooms with no view due to a wall about five feet away from the window, but the room served it's purpose in that it was comfortable and yielded a good nights sleep.I'm not a gambler but the casino seemed nice and did not reek of smoke. Great fish tank. Fantastic Bass Pro store attached to the lobby.I had a very good meal at a reasonable price in the Twin Creeks restaurant.Given the $30 price per night I scored with an Expedia sale, it was a great bargain.I've booked a return trip on sale at a different hotel sight for $39 a night during the PBR World Finals weekend.	
Feb 9 2009 	Cozy Cabin Feel	My husband and I stayed at the Silverton Hotel for 7 nights. We were pleased with the hotel. The front desk answered several questions we had about the best places to visit within the city. I thought our room was nice and clean. We chose this hotel because my husband loves going to the Bass Pro Shop. We were also a little nervous about staying in a hotel on the strip.	
Feb 2 2009 	won at silverton	While on a trip to vegas, went down to &quot;silverton&quot; just south of town on I-15, beautiful and new, hooked in with &quot;bass Pro&quot; so it's a big Lodge type of feel, lots of wood beams and the like, a huge aquarium that was really awesome. Played there for the day and the machines really obliged, I won some nice jackpots here and can't wait to go back. Breakfast was &quot;ok&quot;, the coffee shop was nice, the food didn't taste as good as the breakfast I had at &quot;Orleans&quot; or &quot;Arizona charlie's&quot; on Dekature, The only negative thing I can say about &quot;Silverton&quot; is that it has this outdoorsy, country type of feel, and they had just had George Jones there the night before, Charlie Daniels was coming, so my wife and I being country fans thought it would have a completely &quot;country&quot; feel to it, but we were very disappointed at the music they played the whole day we were there was some kind of bad &quot;Pop&quot; sounding stuff, it wasn't bad out in the casino because it wasn't as loud, but in the coffee shop it was so loud it really interferred with breakfast. Take a hint from &quot;Sam's Town&quot;, if you're going for the &quot;country&quot; thing, then go ahead and go all the way, don't try to be everything for everybody, won't work. We'll visit again, but please think seriously about piping some real country music in there 24/7 and I believe in the long run you'll be better for it. In fact if you'd had &quot;country&quot; music playing we would be staying at &quot;silverton&quot; next time, but won't unless we hear you've changed your music selection. When I go to &quot;hard rock casino&quot; I plan on hearing &quot;hard rock&quot; that's fine. If I go to &quot;Bellagio&quot; I'm probably not going to hear &quot;country&quot;. But if I go to &quot;Sam's Town&quot;, &quot;Arizona Charlie's&quot;, &quot;South Point&quot;, or &quot;silverton&quot; I expect to hear good country music.	
Dec 12 2008 	Pros and Cons	Just returned from 4 nights at the Silverton. Had 3 rooms booked, one for my parents, one for my brother, and one for my husband and I.Pros: Beautiful huge lobby, stunning massive aquarium, Pro Bass Shop is incredible, casino is large but not large enough to get lost, casino had lots of game choices, beds were very comfortable with nice linens, toiletries products were very nice, rooms bigger than average and room decor was nice. While playing slots, cocktail waitress were around constantly taking free drink orders....that was nice. The &quot;Twin Creeks&quot; Steakhouse is exceptional, one of the nicest dinners we have ever had out, excellent staff, food was amazing....but be aware it is closed Sundays and Mondays. Check in was friendly as was the little souvenir shop's clerk. A large convenient Starbuck's is located in the hotel, as well as a pizza/hamburger place that was impeccably clean and had inviting, friendly staff. Casino ventilation was quite good so it never got too smokey.Cons: Complained to housekeeping 1 minute upon entering room because bathrooms were actually DIRTY....toilets were dirty, garbage in garbage can, etc. All three bathrooms were not in good shape, needed recaulking around toilet, new grout on floor tile work, shower/tubs were dingy and the floor of the showers were very slimy....ICK! Floors are uneven in areas which is quite strange. The &quot;Sundance Grill&quot; restaurant was so bad it was ridiculous; from unfriendly boring staff to terrible food quality! Seasons Buffet for the Sunday Bellini Brunch was nice, but for regular during the week buffet breakfast it was pathetic (no eggs, bacon, sausage, french toast, or other traditional breakfast foods, but instead egg rolls, salad, pizza, perhaps not what you want before 10am?)....buffet was VERY grubby, food subpar.Alcoholic drinks throughout the entire hotel and casino were outrageously priced ($45 U.S for a margarita and 2 rye and cokes!!) Rooms for the most part were quiet...but be advised that if you have a room with an adjoining door to another room, you can hear WORD FOR WORD what the people in the other room are saying (not so fun if they are super early birds like we had next to us). Front doors of all hotel rooms are needing to be replaced, as they are ALL damaged in one way or another. Bartenders in Mermaids Lounge could have used a class in friendliness.Location is very poor if you want to be where the nightlife and strip are.....but a great location if you want to be away from the strip and want it quieter yet still fun.Don't expect a great shuttle service.....they offer 3 shuttles a day to the Ceasar's Palace (11am, 5pm and 10pm). You have to figure out how to get back to the Silverton yourself. We never used the shuttle because we thought the times were inconvenient. Cab to the strip costs between $22 to $25 one way. There is NO shuttle to and from the airport....cab from the airport is about $20.ATM machine in hotel charges a $22 fee per transaction....yes you read that right...so make sure you get cash somewhere else.NOTE: This is important!! If staying here, go and get your Discovery Club card from within the casino....usually I don't bother with these things because they are just a gimmick, but there was zero hitch with this....it gives you amazing drink and food discounts and buffet was half price with the card.ANOTHER IMPORTANT NOTE: Only 3 minutes away is the new &quot;SouthPoint&quot; hotel and casino....its gorgeous, its massive, and the Silverado Steakhouse there served us the nicest meal we have EVER had in a restaurant.....12 oz. lobster tails broiled to perfection, amazing prime rib, roasted asparagus with decadent white wine hollandaise sauce, delicious salads prepared table side, and an excellent/professional/friendly waiter and staff.SO, pros and cons to this hotel......but to be honest we will stay at the Paris or another we are familiar with on the strip again. The Paris is lovely to stay at, and so is the Monte Carlo. The Aladdin was amazing to stay at as well, but it is now called the Planet Hollywood and looked loud to us.Enjoy Vegas!!!!	
Nov 24 2008 	Decent stay now but in a few years...	3 nights spent here, we noticed for a new place (parking garage still being finished), it's going to have serious problems. Tub/shower were dingy looking, beds were hard, floors don't feel entirely level, drywall tape lines showing. They spent more on the bar fridge and safe than the TV's-most old hotels upgraded to flat screen, here they only have them in the bar/downstairs. Restaurants not finished, the one that was operating took an hour to send food to us, due to my foolishness of ordering during the 10pm shift change. Staff forced pleasantness when they weren't fighting among themselves, no coupon discount books like many hotels offer. The price was right though, if I spent more than $50 a night here, my review would have to be harsher... :)To their credit, the fish tank is the coolest part of the downstairs, mermaid lady visits each night. And they supply that sexy coconut/lime shampoo I love so much. I'd likely give it another try, hopefully it will be finished by the next time we go there, but the rooms that have already been built are going to need remodelling by then.	
Nov 4 2008	Totally Ridiculous	On the Silverton website, they post an airport shuttle schedule. When my bf and I arrived at the airport and called the hotel about the shuttle, they denied the fact that they even had a shuttle. Click on this link and see for yourself http://www.silvertoncasino.com/categories/FB349186-B829-9F3C-DB1446F6F439E8D7/shuttle_schedule.htm	
Oct 6 2008 	Never again!	We stayed at the Silverton for 2 nights in September '08. The trip was very last minute so wasn't expecting a nice room. Our group consisted of 3 adults and 2 kids (2 and 3). The room itself was ok. However, we were looking at a wall from the window and the a/c was very loud. Do not trust the shuttle service! It only runs like 4 times a day!! It is impossible to get taxis at this hotel, we waited for more than an hour twice in 2 days! Finally the staff was nice enough to give us a ride! We had friends staying at the Oasis RV park which has a shuttle service to and from the Silverton, this RV park was nicer than the hotel! I wouldn't recommend the hotel to families with small children. The highlight for the kids was the huge fish tank in the lobby with real mermaids. The restaurants were ok and the Bass Pro shop was very nice. The worst part of our stay was that after we had left the hotel we noticed that most of our cash (several hundred dollars)had been stolen from the room. I know we shouldn't have left it there but still is was very well hidden and one certainly had to look for it!! The hotel investigated but of course nothing was found!!	
Oct 3 2008 	could not be worse	after having this hotel recommended by a neighbor who is a regular customer,i booked five days at 49.per day, the room was dark and gloomy only marginally clean.i mentioned this to housekeeping but nothing was done.after two days during which i had played a conciderable amount i decided to stay another two days i went to the desk and was quoted a price of 290. per night for the extra two days as i felt that the amount of play i had given them already should or would get me a comped room,or at least a casino rate at most casinos i have delt with as a regular casino patron over the last 40 or so years. i asked to see a host ,this man and the manager he then called were without a doubt the rudest casino employees i have ever encountered. i told them i would leave immediatly as they felt so little of my patronage, they would not allow this insisting i would have to pay for that night ev en if i left ,it was approx 3 pm at the time.they had charged the entire five days up front so we stayed that night ,playing in another casino ,and moving to another hotel for the remaining four days of our stay the next morning , i am still waiting for the refund promised for the unused days.i will never stay ,or allow anyone i know to book a room in this casino again.	
Sep 26 2008 	WILL Go Back	Have stayed at many property's, both local and strip in the past. first time at the Silverton. Stayed for 3 daysHad a fantastic time. Great Hotel. Wonderfully nice people. Got into town early, at 10AM, and got right into our room.The bed WAS to die for. Best nights sleep I have ever had in a hotel.Thick plush pillowtop matress, perfect pillows, VERY nice linens. PLUSH towels in bath, oversized.I wouldn't turn down a free stay at some of the &quot;fancy high priced &quot;strip resorts, but if my pocket has to pay the bill, Silverton in my choice from now on.Great Mexican restaurant. Very impressed. Coffee shop is on par. Buffet is a typical buffet. Good decent food. WONDERFUL desserts.Just an overall perfect stay. Thank YOU Silverton!	
Sep 26 2008 	A little like the original Strip hotels	This hotel-casino is a little bit like the original hotels on the Strip,but it's a couple miles to the south. It's just 4 stories tall and has big parking lots all around -- and with room specials that are like the early days too! (We got a &quot;half-price&quot; special plus $75 rebate for gas through Expedia, which worked out to less than $15 per day for 4 days,including the taxes!!!)The hotel gave us a few coupons good for a breakfast and other discounts, too. Signing up for their players' club got us discountson the buffet as well.The casino was large and clean and the air wasn't too smokyeven when it was busy. And you can play some of the games for less than at many of the large hotels (50 cent roulette chips, for example).Our room was nice but the view was limited because it was on the third floor. Overall, we enjoyed our stay and plan to return.	
Sep 24 2008 	Surprisingly disappointed	Though my husband and I have stopped at the Silverton Lodge to eat at the Sundance grill on our way out of town we had never stayed at the Hotel. We normally stay at Southpoint or Golden Nugget. This time we got a deal through Expedia and decided to give it a try. I don't know where the people who have written reviews have stayed in the past but wherever it was it must not have been too good because I found the positive reviews about Silverton way off. The Buffet, rooms and service are not what we expected. Booking was easy, check-in was fast, staff curious but that's where it all ends. As stated before we have eaten at the Sundance grill before and have always been pleased with the portions and price, this stay was no different. But the Buffet was mediocre at best!!! Food had been out too long, vegetables limp, meat dishes dry (with the exception of whole roast beef and ham). Pricey for the choices, service was slow. I ordered a beverage which I never got and the waiter came around after we were finished with our meal to see if I still wanted it. The room although clean,was dark and kind of gloomy. No view whatsoever, you looked out at the outside wall of the casino area. When we asked if they had a room with a better view we were told no. Then 3 other rooms across the hallway with views were filled after we unpacked. Very small bathroom as well.Maid Service came by the next morning at 8:00 a.m. to clean the room and knocked even though our Do not disturb sign was on the door. We just took towels and told them not to bother. (Maybe that's why they do it) When we returned to our room on our second nights stay I actually saw a baby cockroach scurry across the carpet when I opened the door. That was enough for me. If it hadn't been so late I may have said something.Just not the experience we were expecting and as it turned out after talking to other guests we didn't even get that good of a deal on the room rate. Like I said.....disappointed.	
Sep 6 2008	Hated it!	Needed a place to stay just one night before moving on to the Venetian. Received an good offer from Silverton and decided to check it out.Arrived on Sunday, 8/31/08 and was given a smoking room [with no ashtrays???] with 2 Queen beds. Room had a &quot;rustic&quot; appearance with blurry pics on the walls. Bathroom really small with bottles of water you can purchase for $4.00??????Bathroom shower curtain was filthy with mold. Beds were uncomfortable. Called housekeeping 3 times to supply ashtrays...no response. Finally grabbed some from the casino and brought them up to the room.	
Sep 4 2008 	Excellent Stay But?	I just finished a stay at the Silverton Casino. I have been to vegas to many times to count and decided a stay at Silverton would be a nice change. Valet can be a bit slow depending on the day and events that are in the area. Self Park was very convient if you decided to go that route. A super target and all the other stores that follow are just across the street. The front desk staff was very nice and helpful. We were able to check in at 900am with no problem. At check in we were given some very good coupons from booking through expedia. You will need a rental car at this location. The decor was rustic and had a disney wilderness lodge theme which was very cool. The pool was one that you would find at a community center. It is very plain, but peaceful. The room was very nice, the beds were the most comfortable bed that we have ever slept on in vegas, The ac worked great. The bathroom is the problem, it is very very small. There is no room for two peolple. It is nice just small. The bed bath and beyond soaps and lotions were a nice touch. Mi Casa is a mexican rest. at the resort, it is great, ask what the special for the day is. We saved 50% by ordering this way. The buffet was excellent, our expedia coupons allowed both of us to eat crab legs for $9.00 total. They were great and even better at $9.00. Our las night we ate at Twin Creeks Steak house. This place was EXCELLENT, it will cost you around 120.00 four a couple, but it was worth it. The Bass Pro Shop is attached to this resort so you can go price your favarite rifle and then play Blackjack to earn the money to buy it. I will never stay anywhere but Silverton Casino. The following are negatives that we encountered from other locations this trip.NYNY has massive construction going on inside, jack hammers were so loud you could not here delaers talking to you.Tony Romas Steak and Lobster at Fitzgeralds was a joke, the lobster was good but the steak was like eatting shoe leather.Traffic on the strip was very heavy, use I15 to skip it.$$$$$$This is am must$$$$$$$$$$$$Go see Jersey Boys, buy the cheap tickets and they will move you closer up front. It is a great story line, and songs were excellent.The &quot;F&quot; word and &quot;GD&quot; was used alot during this show. This show would of been perfect had they just not used the language. The silverton allows you to dip into the &quot;strip confusion&quot; and then retreat to your private resort in peace. This is a country boys Four Seasons. if anyone has anyquestions you can email me at flytoyougirl@yahoo.com I am no vegas expert, but been there many times and know the do's and don'ts.	
Aug 18 2008 	Not perfect but a pleasure to stay at!	I am just finishing up my 4 night stay at the Silverton. I haven been very impressed overall. Rooms: the rooms are nice and comfortable. They are not fancy, but they are clean. The t.v. is a 27&quot;, and also is nothing fancy but it gets the job done. The rooms are clean, and the beds are pretty comfortable. Not as comfortable as at home, but they get the job done. Although I couldn't get the wireless internet to work, they had a network cable plug in, and the network connection was very fast.Casino: The casino like the rooms, is nothing fabulous, but it gets the job done. It is nicely laid out and has a lot of different options. Table games are plentiful, though it is very possible you will be the only person playing. I was playing double deck $5 blackjack and it was just me! The poker room is pretty bad. I was only actually able to play 1 time as there was never enough people to play. There is a lot of choices and the casino was not overly smoky in my opinion unlike some other posters said. Hotel Services: The valet was a tad lacking. They were never very busy, but it took quite a bit of time (15 minutes) on average to get the car. It also took some time to drop off your car because sometimes there were no valet employees around. Still much quicker to get your car than at a mega resort because there aren't 100 people in front of you, and the workers worked hard, just seemed to be a little understaffed. Room service was average, nothing great, but the price was good. It was very iffy at night whether or not you would be able to get food. One night when I called at 1:00 a.m., nobody answered so I called the front desk. They said &quot;Oh they must not be at their post call them back in 5 minutes&quot;. So 5 minutes, then 10 minutes, then 15 minutes later i called, and was never able to gety anything. Business services were non existent, and if you want a boarding pass printed you have to have the front desk do it since they don't have a business center.Dining: We only ate at the buffet and room service. Buffet was very good, especially the sunday brunch. We were very impressed, and for $16.99 you got a very good buffet with unlimited champagne drinks like mimosa's. The dinner buffer was $19.99 and with it you got unlimited house wine. As I said earlier room service was good, if unspectacular. Good value for the money.Location: I really liked the location. It's very convenient to I-15. If you are not going to rent a car though, DO NOT STAY HERE. I always get a rental in Vegas, and have no idea why you wouldn't get one. If you don't I would not stay here. Would probably be at least a $15 cab ride to the MGM one way, if you could get one. I never saw one out front. They have a shuttle, but it only goes every 5 hours??? I don't know why they bother, every 5 hours? They're only 10 or 15 minutes from the MGM, so why they couldn't go every 1 or 2 hours, I don't know. I think it boils down to the running theme of the hotel, which is that they are a tad understaffed. Overall: I really like this hotel. I know I mentioned a lot of negative things about this hotel, but I would definitely stay here again. I paid $40 a night including tax, and for that price I wouldn't stay anywhere else. It has a few problems, but the rooms are clean, the employees friendly and the food is good. I also really like the location, but make sure you get a rental car. I stayed at the Venetian and Signature MGM Grand my las two times to Vegas. This place obviously isn't as nice. But for the money, it definitely is great. My wife and I are coming back to Vegas in February, and this will be where we stay.	
Jun 27 2008 	Very good stay	Stayed from 6/7 to 6/14 on the 4th floor.Room: Clean and comfortable. Bathroom a little tight for 2 people (or even 1). Maid service was excellent.Pool: The outside area is under construction but open. Decent size, not crowded. Hot tub a nice feature as well.Gym: Nice small workout room outside the casino. Has all the essentials: treadmill, bike, elliptical, some weights.Casino: A bit on the smokier side but nice. All of the standard games. Slots were relatively loose and had good luck on the tables.Dining: Coffee shop was not the best. Service was fair and food was not very appealing. Buffet was OK. Mexican restaurant was good.Extras: Bass Pro Shop and the aquarium are awesome!Overall, this hotel is an excellent budget option to staying on the Strip.	
Jun 13 2008 	Stayed here many times	I have stayed at the Silverton for years, since I have a rental car.It's a smaller hotel, (for Vegas) located down I15 a short drive to Blue Diamond.Nice rooms which are probably above average, clean. (watch your bill on check out, I was once charged for bottled water I never used at $4 a bottle, it didn't happen this time) Nice casino with several resturants. A real good coffee shop type resturant, and a good Buffet.Casino is tight! but most are now days especially on the strip!I had better luck elsewhere, but I do enjoy staying their. Bass Pro is always fun to walk around in since you walk in from the casino.The hugh salt water fish tank is great. They are expanding the casino, so construction is going on, but it wasn't that big a deal.I will stay their again. Sometimes the room rates change by the week, so call, the web rates are usually higher.	
Jun 10 2008 	Great Room Convenient location	We stayed two nights in the Silverton Hotel and Casino. We were in Las Vegas for a concert, but didn't want to pay the prices of the Strip hotels. We paid $75 a night and were very pleased. The room was nice and clean, loved the Bath and Body Works amenities. Parking is abundant and you never have to walk too far to your room. We enjoyed shopping at the Bass Pro Shops which are attached to the Hotel. We loved the convenient location. Just minutes from the Strip, but far enough to miss the crowds. The Premium Outlets are very close by and have great shopping deals. I would definitely stay again.	
May 7 2008	Mermaids at Silverton Casino	Didn't stay at the Silverton. I met friends there. I stayed at the Bellagio. I went for it all!! But I LOVED the Silverton, Everyone there and everything from food to gambling was comfretable. 5$ tables for craps and all even on Saturdays. The place was new with a rustic feel. The new vegas is over priced. Go here to get a little old town feel. Then check out the money casino shows too. Have a blast! Check out the Mermaids in the tank too!!!!!!!!!	
Apr 30 2008 	Great Place To Stay In Vegas Without All The Hype	we were going to vegas to see def leppard at the palms. the palms was out due to the cost---way too expensive to stay there! so, since we are not interested in gambling, we just wanted a a clean, comfortable, inexpensive place to stay for the trip. our last trip to vegas we &quot;gambled&quot; on the &quot;riviera&quot; which proved a bet we lost. (see my review on that place) anyway, we decided to take a chance with silverton, and i am really glad we did! silverton is easy to get to (is is about 3 miles south of the start of the main strip) and for once, we did not have to walk from one end of the place to the other to get to where our room was---usually the casinos seem to have it so you have to walk through the length of the casino (and drop some cash) on your way to your room. the room was exceptionally clean! and, though i have not had a response from them yet, i emailed the silverton to ask what brand bed they have----i had the most comfortable nights sleep that i have had in ages! ( i would really like to purchase the brand that they stock at their hotel for our house) we didn't have time to hang around as we were busy going to our show and such, but we did see the aquarium which is really nice and i think they also have a &quot;mermaid&quot; show daily. the only drawback of the silverton would be shower flow---it needed more pressure. that room cost us $78.00 and change---$1.00 under what the motel 6 was charging---i would stay here anytime. both people we dealt with at check-in were very pleasant and treated us with friendliness and respect. next time we come to vegas i would definately stay at silverton--they have proved themselves to be a very nice place.	
Apr 22 2008	Would not recommend	We had a first floor, non-smoking room but due to the quantity of smoke from the casino, everything in the room smelled smoky and you were hit with the smoke as soon as leaving the room.The pool was closed and construction was in progress, so any relaxing by the pool was out of the question. It would have been much more considerate of the Silverton if they would have informed us ahead of time of this.The shuttle to the strip runs every 5 hours, so plan ahead if you fly in and you're not considering a rental car.No public access computer/internet so bring your laptop and plan on an additional $11.49 a day if you want to check your e-mail. I know I'm out of touch with such things, but $4 for warm bottled water seemed a bit excessive, too.We stayed 3 nights. Room service after the first night made the bed--didn't even empty the garbage. After the second night it appeared they cleaned the room.I'm trying to think of anything positive to report but I'm having trouble. Since I'm not a big gambler, I can't really comment on the 'gaming experience'.	
Mar 30 2008 	Smaller hotel away from the strip	Went with a group of people from the uk.Had problems, reserved the rooms before departing the uk, did not get them.Diffficult to get somewhere to eat in the evening, buffet closes at 9pm, other eating places in the hotel could not cope due to low staff numbers. Mexican best most freindly.Building work outside so could not use the pool. Was not notified of this before we arrived.All the staff seemed sad and unhelpful in all areas.	
Mar 30 2008	Great Buffet	I did not stay here just visited the casino.I really liked the casino. There is a Bass Pro shop connected to the casino. So if you are not winning you can look around there.They have daily fish feedings which are fun.The buffet was very good and at a reasonable price. Lunch was $8.99.	
Mar 26 2008 	Gambling at the Silverton	I haven't stayed in the hotel, but not everyone goes to a casino just for the hotel room, so I wanted to talk a bit about the casino itself. My husband and I discovered the Silverton last October when we were looking for a free Craps class. Turned out I had gotten the day of the week wrong, but they did have a $3 Craps table at 1 in the afternoon, so we decided that we could afford to throw some money at learning a new game. We have since been back three times to play both Craps and Roulette, and let me tell you, the Silverton by far has the most friendly, entertaining dealers of any casino I have been to. The dealers took plenty of time explaining the betting process and how to place our odds, and everytime we have been in since that first day we continue to learn more from the dealers there than at the other casino's we have played at. My husband and I don't frequent the larger, more expensive casinos due to our budget, so we are always looking for the $5 tables, and even on weekend evenings, the Silverton will have more than enough $5 tables for you to get on.I highly recomment letting the ladies and gentlemen of the Silverton teach you how to play craps if you are looking for something new to learn while in Sin City.	
Feb 28 2008	Good off-strip hotel and casino	This is a great hotel if you don't want to be on the strip, and it is a great stay for the sports enthusiasts.There is a Bass Pro Shop connected to the hotel (looks like a lodge), and the casino also hosts a huge fish tank. They had divers feed the fish and had a host describe the different fish and their habit. There are several Orange County Choppers also on display.Our room looked just like the picture linked here on the TA web site, and the service was excellent. This is a small hotel (only 4 floors) which in comparison to the large strip hotels added to a more relaxed and less congested casino.The Seasons buffet and 24 hour restaurant both had numerous selections, and the food was good.For a change of pace and for a stay away from the strip, this is a hotel to consider for your next trip to Vegas.	
Feb 4 2008 	Great!	We actually found this place by accident, but it was so nice! The restaurants are pretty reasonably priced for Vegas. They offer complimentary wireless internet which is almost unheard of there. They also offer complimentary shuttle service to both the airport and the strip. It's right off the south strip actually and very near an outlet mall with some killer stores in it. It's also attached to a Bass Pro Shop, so if your guy is an outdoorsman, watch out. It was a very nice stay, although I think there ventilation system was a little messed up as it smelled like smoke part of the night in our room, until we turned the heat up, then the smokey smell left.	
Jan 28 2008 	Not Bad but could be better	The rooms are good but the walls don't have much sound proofing and you can hear your noisy neighbor. What I did like was that the rooms were not smoky at all - no casino permeation. Casino - The casino is nice - 5$ tables. The craps dealers are not well trained and miss your bets - place them wrong - don't hear what you tell them and lean over quite often, so much that I saw the dice bounce off their arms more than once. Unacceptable to me. Watch out for them.	
Jan 24 2008 	Great to be away the strip	You must have your own car to stay here. The price is good considering it was during CES (about US$100 per night) and no queue at the check-in. One problem was that I requested by email and a telephone call directly to reservations about a NON-SMOKING room and they failed to deliver. The receptionist recommended that I should have called on the day to request the NON-SMOKING room. Got a smoking room on the level 2 and surprisingly it didn't smell of smoke so we didn't change the room.The room itself was big enough. Hot water was good and everything else was in place. Wireless internet had a problem and called the technicians and they turned up in about 20 mins even at almost 1am. However, they looked at my computer and said &quot;sorry... it's a technical problem with the server. try again tomorrow when we will have fixed it hopefully&quot; and left. They could have told me that the wired connection was hidden at the side of the TV and I could have plugged that in to get to work. Overall a clean room.Casino is friendly enough but there are a lot of youngish guys playing who make sure everyone knows they are there and playing. There was even a fight while I played poker which was quickly sorted out by Sean the manager who kicked out two guys quite efficiently and correctly. Welcome to Las Vegas!Location was OK if you have a car. Easy self-parking and very close the Las Vegas Car Rental Centre.Overall... an excellent stay and will most likely stay here again. The atmosphere is very local which makes a good change from the strip and downtown.	
Nov 19 2007 	Had a great stay	Stayed for 1 night at the Silverton. Room 4095. Not a great view but oh so comfortable bed. Nice decor...rustic but very clean. A/C kept room nice and cool. Room safe, iron/board,fridge all worked well. Quiet at night and we were near the elevator. Staff very pleasant and friendly. Great buffet...good food and very attractive dining room. Although it is at the far south end of the strip, we had a car and getting about was no problem. They have changed the entrance way about and it was a bit confusing at first but we got the hang of it quickly. Will definitely stay here again.	
Nov 6 2007 	A Disappointing Stay	Silverton is a lodge themed smaller hotel-casino to the south of the main Las Vegas area. Though the rooms were refurbished a couple of years ago, it seems the plumbing was not attended to. Our non-smoking room on the 4th (top) floor had a parking lot/freeway view. The walls were dark brown, with brown carpeting, brown bedspreads, and brown draperies, resulting in a dimly lit interior. A sad looking petrified plant stood next to the television cabinet and a huge picture of a bear stared down at us as we lay in bed. The wall air conditioning/heating unit beneath the window was so noisy you couldn't sleep with it left on.The room and bathroom were very clean, but the shower never worked efficiently even though maintenance installed a new shower head to replace the old leaky one. Water pressure was little more than a light sprinkle.The casino didn't seem to pay off very well from what we could see, and from our own experience. The continuous background &quot;soul&quot; music in the casino seemed out of place with the rustic theme.Employees were pleasant and helpful. Security was practically non-existant. Parking was plentiful. However - the recent road &quot;improvements&quot; have resulted in a maze-like, confusing entrance from the freeway.When there are so many more attractive, competitively priced, hotel/casinos in the area (e.g. the South Point across the freeway and the brand new Sun Coast in Summerlin), we are not likely to return to stay even for free nights.	
Nov 1 2007 	Outdoors theme extremely comfortable atmosphere	The Silverton is just a few minutes South of the Strip and it is extremely comfortable. It has an outdoors theme and is connected with the Bass Pro Shop. The room was very nice, contemporary, and very richly done. I'm not a fancy or hoidy-toidy guy, so the theme fit my personality. The casino was not as crowded as those on the strip and everyone was nice--from my fellow gamblers to the staff.	
Oct 26 2007 	Great value	We stayed at the Silverton one night before staying at our timeshare.The hotel has been recently renovated in lodge theme. Our room was clean and was decorated very nicely. After leaving to our timeshare we came back and gambled and ate at the buffett. The slots are looser than on the strip, drinks are cheaper, and it is less crowded. They also had some $5 blackjack tables which do not seem to exist at the strip anymore. We ate at thewine and steak buffet for $19.95 which was all the wine and, ofcourse food, you could eat. The wine was not the cheap rotgut I expected and the food was really good. The only dissadvantage I can see to the Silverton is of course it is not on the strip. There were cabs there but I am not sure the cost toget to the strip.	
Oct 4 2007 	Loved the Silverton !!!!	There is not enough room here to say how GREAT our stay at the Silverton Casino was. First of all we arrived early (11 AM) and asked if we could check in early, they checked and sure enough &quot;No problem&quot; they said your room is ready. WOW !! We couldn't believe it. From there it just kept getting better, the pool was quiet and relaxing, plenty of chairs and towels. As for the gambling, they have a great small (compared to the vegas mega casinos) but complete casino (Sports book, table games and plenty of slots). The servers there are great as well, always friendly and quick to get you a drink. The food at the Saturday night buffet was top of the line. Now if you are thinking of staying here remember, this casino is not on the strip (it 's about a 5 minute drive there) so just keep that in mind but to me it is so well worth it. Oh yeah to top it off we asked for a late check out (to get a little more pool time in), No problem we were able to check out at 1PM.	
Sep 18 2007 	Above Average Hotel	This hotel is a great location for the first or last night of your trip to Vegas since it is fairly close to the airport and car rental facility. We received two offers from the Silverton Hotel and Casino for a $29.99 room and a $39.99 room for one night. We reserved the rooms over the phone about a month ahead of time for the Laboe Day trip. We were in Vegas for eight days, but only one night at the Silverton. My sister, her husband and kids were traveling with my husband and I, and his parents, so we gave them one room while we stayed across the hall in the other room on Wed., Aug. 29th. We have stayed at this property several times in the past and have always enjoyed our stays. We had two beds in our room and they were fairly firm, while my sister had two much softer beds. The room was non-smoking and it didn't smell like smoke until you walked out into the hallway. This is probably due to our room being on the ground level a few halls away from the casino. You probably won't have that problem if you're on a higher floor if smoke is an issue. The rooms are very spacious, as well as the bathrooms. They were refurbished a couple of years ago, so the fixtures and decorations are updated. While we were there, we showed everyone the aquarium which is pretty neat and spent a little time in the casino using the coupons from the American Casino Guide. The Bass Pro Shop, which is connected, was closed since we arrived late, so we didn't go there on this trip. We have been there several times and it is a fairly large store with everything you would find in the Bass Pro's at home (we are from Missouri). They do have souvenier Bass Pro t-shirts and you can find a 20% off of any one item discount coupon in the free What's On Magazine around town. There may be one in your room upon arrival, so make sure you check it before heading to the store. There are lots of other coupons in that magazine as well.My sister and her family left early for the Grand Canyon, while we stayed in Vegas since we had been to the GC a few times. They grabbed breakfast at a IHOP, which is fairly close. We ate lunch at the Silverton buffet, which is much better (and more expensive) than the buffet of the past. We had a buy-one, get-one free coupon from the American Casino Guide, so the price was reasonable. Check-in and out of the hotel was very easy. We gave the front desk a $100 cash deposit instead of having them put a hold on our credit card for incidentals since we were on an extended trip. The pool looked very nice, and there is a workout room, but we didn't have time to use either. We will definitely stay at this property again.	
Aug 25 2007 	Well Okay for one night	I stayed with my husband in this hotel durring the way back to Utah . It was nice hotel ,Staff was ok. Smell better than some hotels. But the gym was so small . I like the soap and shampoo set in toilet . The food was okay . Good price for hotel in this city I dun have problem with staff service but compare to the country I am from I think it is a bit far from I expected	
Aug 24 2007 	Vegas' Hidden Jewel	We originally booked a week for 2 rooms at the Planet Hollywood and when we arrived the price had doubled, so we stayed 2 nights and then moved to the Silverton for the rest of our stay. The Silverton is where we will stay in any future trips to Vegas. The rooms were just as nice and for $100 could be upgraded to a fabulous suite and this still beat Planet Hollywood's price by more than $100. for just a room. The staff was so friendly, the restaurants were great, the suite was to die for. While there they also had a poolside concert by the Desperados ( A Tribute to the Eagles). The aquarium with the mermaid swimming was a nice addition to the lobby. The only drawback is that it is 5 miles south of the strip and no shuttle, so it is either a cab or the bus, which was a hassle. I love the Silverton!	
Aug 18 2007 	Bad Bad Service	I booked the room after reading the reviews here. I was very disappointed and left after 1 day. Recap of my 24 hours:- Check in after waiting 3 hours because the room was not ready.- Hotel employee was rude and acted like I was a bother to her- Checked me into a dirty room- When I went back to explain, the employee acted like it was my fault.- Finally got a clean room.- Didn't realize the room was an actual motel room when new furnishing.- Ate at over priced buffet - Food was cold- Talked with Manager at Buffet and she told me this is normal- Went to casino to gamble - Tried to find $5 BJ table.- Casino only had 1 table and dealer told me &quot;loosen up and play a $15 table&quot;My wife and I were so offended we checked out and went across the street to a near by casino. I called the Silverton 4 times to explain what happened and apparently, they do not care.Do not stay there!	
Jul 27 2007	Silverton Casino	Off the beaten path, the Silverton Casino has been here in Las Vegas for 10 years, and I only just recently made a trip there. Its located off of the Interstate I 15, its about 7-10 miles from the Strip,. but if you have a car, its TOTALLY worth the trip!The gaming is very good, from what I experienced... you get a long play time for your money. I like the penny machines, and if you can get long play time with the pennies, well- you know thats good news.My family and I especially enjoy the fish tank there. Its thousands and thousands of gallons, with tropical fish, some sharks... its very, very nice and of course, the best part is that its FREE.They also have a store called the Great Oudoors, I believe and it is IMPRESSIVE. They have all kinds of taxidermied (is that a word) Animials, Moose, Lion, Giraffee, ducks, fish... you get the idea. Its just amazing. You can get ANYTHING there if you love the outdoors, hunting, fishing, camping, boating, swimming... all the good stuff. The store is enourmous and it even has a kind of shooting range... with electronic squirrls that fall down when you hit them, sound effects, the whole works. Its fun!Dont miss the Buffet there, its beautiful- look up when you are in there and see the HUGE trees they sliced to use as decoration... really pretty. The food is wonderful and as buffet's go, first class, totally. The staff is excellent. My Son wanted a hamburger and that was not something they had in eye-sight, so I inquired as to if that was something that we could get and the Chef went to one of the resturaunts and got one and made it especially for him! (We tipped him $6 bucks, hey, he coulda said No)I havent explored the whole of the place, not that its that big, but the atmosphere of the Silverton is very, very nice. Extremely clean and I like it very much. When my parents come to Las Vegas this August to visit, we will be taking them there.Cheers!MelissaLynn	
Jul 17 2007 	F- and that's being nice! Do not stay here!	Dirty room, dirty sheets, bad food, terrible service, and it's not easy to get to the strip. That pretty much sums up my 3 day stay. I complained about the dirty sheets and room service came up three hours later to change them, leaving the dirty comforter with blood stains on it. So after that fiasco I wanted to play some craps but it was to late so they only had one table with dealers that didn't evn know how to play the game. I wanted to play at a real craps table so I tried to get a cab to MGM, I waited for an hour and finally got one. It cost $30 to get to the strip from teh Silverton after they told me it would be $10, no big deal though at least I got to play in a real casino.. I will never stay there again!	
Jul 6 2007 	Silverton is a terrific value	Having stayed at Silverton several times, my opinion here is based on my collective experience. I am a fan. I have read through some of the negative comments posted by others and can only offer that as a frequent LV visitor, I have had good and bad experiences at most all places I have stayed. It's the nature of this extremely high guest-traffic city. Silverton rooms are spacious, well appointed, and feature several small touches I really appreciate, such as a CD player, dimmers on all lamps, a curved shower rod, and a nice cushion top mattress. The only negative I can offer is that the A/C is a built-in wall unit, rather than a central-type. Although it has an adjustable temperature control, it is not digital and there are only 2 settings on the fan. The fan is sort of loud and annoying. That being said, I usually sleep well through it. There is a mini-bar in the room. The aquarium is the best I have ever seen in my life. It's awesome. The nearby mermaid lounge has a tank of jellyfish behind the bar. There is a Bass Pro Shops for outdoorsmen (and ladies). The Sundance Cafe is a very good coffee shop. Again, service is spotty all over vegas. Usually its good here. I actually like sitting at the large granite counter when I am alone. Note to breakfast fans: Opt for the traditional hash browns over the other potatoe choice. I like &quot;Joe's Shuffle&quot; which is scrambled eggs with spinach, onions and turkey sausage (plus potatoes and toast) for $5.25. I have not tried the Buffet or Steak House. The Shady Grove has excellent Happy Hour specials (4-7 M-F), like $2 Grey Goose shots, while the new Mexican restaurant has $1 Patron shots and $2 appetizers. The staff have always been friendly to me. Good Bloody Mary's while I was playing on Sunday. The pool is large (unheated) and usually quiet with few kids screaming and splashing. I have used the hot tub at all hours. They do have concerts at the pool area in summer. You can relax in the water and see the band. Please note that it's a drive to the strip (approx. 5 miles) but if you want to stay off-strip or just want a really good value, this is it. Join the club and use your card. I get extremely low rates as a result and I am by no means a heavy player.	
Jun 29 2007	Terrible terrible experience!	First we booked a suite and they didn't have any left and they still charged us for a suite. I was in town for my friends B-Day and we were playing Baccarat and there were 5 or 6 people playing. The dealer didn't like the language that was being used so security came over. Next thing I knew the kid across from me that didn't even say anything was on the ground being beat by security. It made me sick! I checked out and went to another hotel that night. Beware of this casino, their rooms are not nice and security will beat you up for sitting at the baccarat table.	
Jun 21 2007 	Bumped by a Blowfish	I booked our accommodation 3 or 4 months in advance, and although we're regular visitors to Vegas, this was to be a little special as it was my partners 40th birthday treat so I booked a suite. On arrival at check-in, the desk said they had us in a king non-smoking room. When I said this was incorrect and gave them the confirmation # they advised (without apology) that they had Hootie and the Blowfish playing that weekend and a decision had been made at executive level to 'bump' all the existing bookings they had for the suites in order to accommodate the band instead.While I understand they'd want to give their headliners their best rooms, there can be no excuse for not contacting us - even our host said he was unaware the decision had been made. It made no sense to stay and gamble at a place that treats guests in this way and on point of principal we left. The hotel has also started construction and have plans for a substantial expansion - check to see what effect this will have on you if planning a stay.Thanks to the Golden Nugget all was not lost and in some respects it was good to stay downtown again after a few years break. Anyone booking this hotel should double check their reservation, whatever the room type, because there's nothing worse than making a long journey only to be disappointed on arrival and to have to deal with staff who couldn't give a 'Hootie and the Blowfish' whether you've been let down or not.	
Jun 19 2007 	Good Visit and Great Rates	My husband and I spent a 4 nights at the Silverton in September of 2006. It is hard to find a good rate on a Saturday night in Vegas unless you gamble (A LOT) and Silverton gave us $89 through Cheaptickets.com which I thought was a really good price. The rooms were clean and well kept and bathrooms were large. I also liked the aquarium. The casino itself is a little dark and the pool was large but plain and hardly anyone ever there. All in all, I'd stay here again.I think their video poker was rated best for locals by LVA.	
May 3 2007	the buffet	On 5-2-07 I visited the buffet with my wife and 2 friends. After we were all seated it took the server at least 10 minutes to come to our table and get a drink order from us. After bringing drinks back he never cleared the dirty dishes from our table. I finally got the asst. manager and told him the problem, he got us drink refills and after the asst. manager did this we never saw our server again. I manage a buffet on the las vegas strip and if I had a server treat gueststhis way they would not be working for me.	
Apr 6 2007 	much to like about this place	My wife and I have stayed in the heart of the strip many times so this time we tried the Silverton to see if we would like the &quot;off strip feel&quot;. We defintely did. The casino and our room were pleaseantly decorated. The room seemed a little larger than typical mid level hotel rooms. It had good quality furnishings and comfortable beds.The staff was very welcoming and friendly. Food in the coffee shop and buffet was certainly good enough (and less expensive than on the strip).  Because this hotel is not next to others, it apparently gets no walk in business so the casino and eating places are not super crowded. The poker room is a good place for low limit cash games and twice a day tournaments. This place has good paying video poker machines. All the casino personal had the attitude that small and off strip is the way to go. The pool area has hot tubs, and a large deck with chairs, tables with umbrellas and cabanas. You should have a car if you want to hit the strip and/or shopping places. There is a car rental in town that has much lower rates than the airport or strip offices. In summary this is a relaxing place to stay away from the heart of the strip which has become very, very crowded.	
Apr 4 2007 	quiet and comfortable	First of all if you're looking for the glitz and glamour of the strip you might want to look somewhere else. Simply put, the property is older but quiet and comfortable. One thing that did stand out was everyone associated with the Silverton was friendly and helpful. I'm sure they have to be to to compete with the more modern establishments. We stayed here during our trip to see the Mariners play the Cubs during spring training. They split one to one by the way.If you plan on going anywhere you have three choices, rent a car (we did) take a taxi (about 10 to 15 dollars to the strip) or take the bus that stops right outside for a minimum charge. Parking for your vehicle is valet or the free parking lot which can amount to a healthy walk as they share with the Bass Pro Shop which is next door.Check in was a breeze and took about 5 minutes. Check out is via the express method if you wish to leave a major credit card on file. Your bill is updated on the television in you room so you know exactly what your bill will be when you leave.Our room was clean and ready upon our arrival, which was two hours early. It was older and one bedside lamp took a special twist to get working but otherwise lots of hot water and the bed was very comfortable, much like the Marriott's beds. One thing that did bother us was it appears the house keeping staff was rather indifferent. They forgot to change the water glasses twice and reline the used ice bucket, maybe alittle picky but you are paying to return to a clean room. Through out our stay we never heard another guest or noise from the hallway. The place was apparently built during the time when hotels actually used soundproofing.We ate at the cafe, buffet and the Mexican restaurant. The cafe had a large American style breakfast and lunch menu and we found the value and taste excellent. We tried the buffet which was a good value also. The buffet offered 5 different cuisines and prime rib, which was done perfectly. Try the shrimp, they were excellent. Desserts were mediocre. The Mexican restaurant was also good, service was friendly but the food to table was slow.As for the Casino, if your a hard core gambler it's the place for you. They still have 5 dollar tables with two deck shoes and the machines are dated. I didn't see anyone winning big on the machines. But there seemed to be a lot of hollering from the craps table. For the most part the patrons are middle aged with some locals mixed in. Unlike downtown sobriety didn't seem to be a problem.A tip for the first time stay. Rent a car and you can drive to the strip and park in about 15 minutes if you know when to go an where to go. Stay off the freeways between 6 and 9 in the morning and anytime from 4 to 8 in the afternoon. They are absolute gridlock. And if you can't get down Las Vegas Blvd. before 11 in the morning don't bother, unless you don't mind traveling two miles in about one hour. Instead drive out the Silverton driveway and go into town on Dean Martin drive. This road skirts the strip on the opposite side of the freeway and goes directly into town. We drove into town and parked in the Fashion Mall parking lot in front of the Macy's entrance. From there it's a one block walk to the strip right in front of Wynn's Resort, don't miss visiting Wynn's. The bus stop is also directly in front of the mall and is one of Vegas' best kept travel secret. Hope this review helped. If I were going to spend anymore than three days in Vegas I would probably stay here again with no problem. If I were to go to Vegas for the glitz and glamour, not worrying about peace and quiet, I'd probably stay on the strip.	
Mar 30 2007 	Major disappointment with this hotel!!	Right away while checking in the employees at the registration desk had a attitude and acted like they were doing me a favor by checking us in. When I asked about the shuttle to the strip, I was told they no longer had shuttle service and I would have to use a taxi. The reason we decided on this hotel was the shuttle since my family would have the car. Again I got the attitude!The housekeeping service leaves a lot to be desired also. They didn't replace the shampoo, conditioner or soap with the morning cleaning. I had to track down a hotel maid who was cleaning another room. They short changed us bath towels, 2 bath towel with 3 people? They didn't vacuum or clean around the sink area in the bathroom. The walls in your room are paper thin. We got to listen to our neighbors on one side of us and the TV to the other side of us.Lastly when we were checking out my bill was wrong. I was charged $129.99 a night for the weekend when I had been quoted $89.99. I was awaited on by a registration desk supervisor who not to be outdone by her employees got a really big attitude and was majorly rude to me. Basically she called me a liar. But in the end she did have to honor the price but I got a major attitude from her.I will never stay there again! They could give the rooms away and I still wouldn't take it! Stay away!	
Mar 26 2007 	Amazing Stay!	My husband &amp; I found ourselves needing a room in Las Vegas during the March Madness Weekend and we could not find anything available! But I called the Silverton and they got us in at a GREAT price - at LEAST $50 less than all equivalent casinos. The rooms were nice and the beds were very comfortable. The clientele wasn't the crazy, partying Las Vegas Strip crowd, so my husband and I found that refreshing! We ate at Twin Creeks, the steakhouse in the hotel and I HIGHLY recommend it. It felt like we were miles from the hustle and bustle of a casino. The mermaid show in the aquarium is great and having Bass Pro Shops on the property is a definite plus for us! Seasons is the name of their buffet and the food there is fantastic also. If I had to find something wrong I would recommend they put a bathroom out by the pool area. If there is one, I just couldn't find it. I doubt my husband &amp; I will stay anywhere else but the Silverton - it was THAT GREAT!	
Mar 6 2007 	gold for the silverton	we spent 4 nights at the silverton feb 23- feb 28. the service was great from the time we checked in. I told the front desk that we would need a small refrigerator for medication, and the woman immediately said she would take care of it. (It arrived at our room 5 minutes after we did) The beds are great.....pillowtop matresses and feather pillows! they were sooo comfortable!!!!! (and the rooms are very attractive.)the toiletries were from bath and body works. Throughout our stay, the hotel employees were very pleasant. We will definitely return	
Dec 2 2006 	About Average - Nothing More	I stayed here over the Thanksgiving holiday. My rate was good ($89), however, the overall stay did not make a lasting impression. Basically it was ordinary. I won't be coming back again.	
Nov 25 2006 	Affordable Hotel 	We were initially impressed with this hotel's wilderness lodge decor at only $40/night . Affordable and welcoming! There was ample parking and even a back parking lot that is close to the hotel's elevator so you don't have to drag your luggage through the casino! Every staff member we crossed paths with greeted us and acknowledged our presence which was refreshing. The room was clean and stocked with Bath &amp; Body Works toiletries! The bed was very soft and comfortable with plenty of pillows. Unfortunately, we had an issue with the loudness of our next door neighbors' tv on our first night at the Silverton. Either the walls here are very thin or our neighbors were just out of control all night long, but we had a hard time tuning out their tv noise even with our tv on! We asked the front desk the following morning if we could change rooms and the clerk was very accomodating giving us a different room without any hassle.Their new Seasons buffet was excellent!!! This could be our new favorite Vegas buffet! They had a wide variety of food available and everything that my husband and I tried was top notch! Plus while you are enjoying your meal, they have flat screen tvs displaying changing seasonal pictures reminding us of what a beautiful country we live in. We even sat for awhile after our dessert just enjoying watching the &quot;seasons&quot; change on the flat screens.We also tried their cafe called Sundance for dinner and we were not disappointed. Delicious food at reasonable prices with an attentive wait staff.Other than the thin walls, there were a few other things that could be changed to make this hotel excellent. The comforter on the bed had a questionable stain and the toilet paper was only one-ply. Also, there was an advertised in-room safe. However, there is a credit card charge to use it. In my opinion, it seems a little unfair to charge guests to use the in-room safe.Anyways, we actually had a little luck with their slots and ended up enjoying our three night stay! We would definitely come back here on our next Vegas trip and give this hotel/casino another try!	
Nov 18 2006 	Excellent Value	We stayed at the Silverton 11/13 - 11/16. Our rate was $50 per night. Check-in took about 4 minutes. Our room was on the ground floor, but didn't smell smokey at all. The room was very quiet, clean and up to date. The TV, AC, blow dryer, etc. worked great. The beds were a little on the firm side, which was good for us. They provided plenty of towels, although they might want to throw in a little fabric softener once in awhile. We ate breakfast twice in the cafe and it was okay. Overall, this is a great value, easy to get in and out of, easy access to the strip (if you have a car). This is not a party hotel, but was just what we needed to come back to after a busy day/night at the strip. My only concern would be that with the exception of a couple of bartenders at the casino bars and a very young clerk at check-out, the staff wasn't very friendly. They weren't rude necessarily, but acted like they were just going through the motions and didn't really care if we were there or not. Other than that our stay was great.	
Nov 12 2006 	Nothing like I read	I picked the Silverton because of what I read here. However, I must say that I didn't find my stay to enjoyable. It took me over 30 minutes to check in, my room was screwed up and it wasn't that nice. It's a redesigned motel probably 10 years old. I could of stayed on the strip for the same price on expedia and I would recoomend that to anyone who is reading this.	
Oct 25 2006	Off strip locations	We've been to Las Vegas about 20 times and each time we have a &quot;base&quot; hotel for part to fhe stay and always try to find some where new to try. This time it was the Silverton. It is about 5 milese south of the strip. We always have a car, which is cheaper than cabs, so getting around is not a problem. We tried this hotel, because of the Bass Pro Shop that is attached. My husband doesn't gamble all that much, but is a sportsman and I thought he would enjoy the shop. It is absolutely fabulous.To top things off, the hotel was way above our expectations. It was not only clean, but newly remodeled. We won at the casino, which is not a mega place, and the staff is great. Staying off the strip, we have found is a great way to win and have your money go farther. The Silverton has a shuttle that goes to the strip for those who do not have a car. We will return to this hotel. After 2 nights there we moved to our &quot;base&quot; hotel of Sam's Town. A far larger casino than the Silverton, but still the same great staff. The hotel has been remodeled and has a variety of things to do with the bowling alley, movie theatre, and several dining choices and bars. If being on the crowded strip is not important to you, try one of these hotels. You will b pleasantly surprised.	
Oct 12 2006 	Great Beds 	We booked this room through Vegas at a rate of $44.00 for a Thursday night. I chose this hotel based on TripAdvisor reviews. We were looking for just one night's good sleep outside of Vegas for our family, and boy, was the sleep great.! The beds were very comfortable and the room was oversized.The hotel was easy to find from the airport using mapquest directions although at the time (September 2006) there is construction going on in the area, so watch the signs and the traffic. It's a little tricky.The parking lot was a little confusing going just one-way in spots and finding the front desk was a challenge. I know it's a casino and you have to travel that maze to get to anything, but it's still a pain--especially with two little kids in tow. We did not come to gamble and cannot comment on anything like that except to say that I hated dragging them through the smokey casino. But I knew this when I booked the room. I would not stay here on a long term basis for this reason alone, but for one night after a 7 hour flight, the spacious rooms and comfy beds were worth the quick entrance and exit.The hotel is attached to a Bass Pro Shop and the area between the store and the casino has a huge fish tank that periodically features a live &quot;mermaid&quot; which was the highlight of our 4 year old little girl's stay. She got to see &quot;Ariel&quot; who was tastefully clothed in a mermaid suit that had a flesh colored suit underneath--so you weren't really seeing what you thought you were seeing. A plus for us prudes. She swam with stingrays, small sharks and other fish and even came to the glass to interact with our daughter.Our room was ready when we arrived around 1pm local time. It was oversized with two queen beds with heavenly pillow-top matresses and very comfortable pillows. We were on the 4th floor which was supposed to be non-smoking, but there was always a faint odor of smoke, possibly rising up from the casino or other floors. Our room did not smell as if it had been smoked in.The room was clean, spacious and cool in the 90 degree heat. The air conditioner worked great, but was a bit loud. We did not mind and did not need to use our white-noise machine. But if you like quiet, it was loud. The drapes darkened the room well when we went to bed early because we had come from a different time zone.Our room overlooked the pool which was lit up beautifully in the dark, but we did not swim. Did I say that the beds were fabulous? Better than any $40 hotel I've ever stayed at. Come to think of it, I don't think I ever did stay at a $40 hotel before! But book through Vegas.com to get a better price than you can get through their regular website. Rooms at this price are limited so book early if you can.The bathroom was average and included a hairdryer, but the bonus was the Bath &amp; Body Works toiletries. It was a nice touch. No cheap hotel soap here.I would definitely stay here again if I was coming through town, there is a lot of room for the children to move around in, a table to have dinner at (only two chairs) and a Bass Pro Shops next door. I believe they have an RV Park too and several restaurants which we did not visit. Just a short drive away is the very bottom of Las Vegas Blvd. and several places to eat and a grocery store. We also purchased a double CD containing about 16-18 songs that was in the room for $12.99 which seemed reasonable. It was a nice variety of music from Aretha Franklin to Sonny &amp; Cher, Captain &amp; Tenille to Bonnie Tyler. It did not seem overpriced as many hotel items are. Speaking of which, there were $6 bottles of Evian and a mini bar available, but we didn't even open them up.I would not stay here long term simply because of the faint smell of smoke (we are asthmatics) and because the children had to walk through the casino to get anywhere, but it is a VERY comfortable place to stay after a long flight, passing through or for adults only.	
Oct 7 2006 	Nice Stay	Stayed in rm4032 on 9/13/06.Quiet,comfortable and clean room.Shuttle to strip.Located in safe area for a good price and value.	
Aug 23 2006 	off the strip cheap rates without comprising quality	My husband and I are a fairly young crowd for this hotel (28 and 31). Majority of the crowd seemed a little older and more mature looking to gamble without all the action and chaos of the strip. What drew us to the casino were the cheap rates. My husband and I come to Vegas often and were a little tired of paying the high costs of rooms on weekends so we decided to try a hotel off the strip. For those who are looking for cheap rates at a nice joint (because honestly, the only time you spend in your room is to sleep and shower so you can hit the casino again) and taking a short drive to the main strip isn't too much of an iconvenience, I would reccommend this hotel. The rooms are comparable to any main strip hotel, all the amenities etc. etc. etc.Have some more money in your pocket to gamble with, rather than paying for a big name casino!	
Jul 23 2006 	Return visit was ever better than the first!	Our second trip to the Silverton Hotel &amp; Casino was even better than the first. We arrived and they gave us an early check-in (11:00am) without question. Our room was on the bottom floor and was impeccable, the bathroom amenities were Bio and Bath &amp; Body products, the bed was incredibly comfortable, the room was quiet (never heard anyone on either side), and the housekeeping staff kept it clean and comfortable. We ate at the new Seasons Buffet (loved the gelatto &amp; chocolate fountain), at Twin Peaks (highly recommend the New York steak), and the Sundance Grill (always good for anytime of day). Great service at all of the restaurants, from the front desk staff, bell and valet. Everyone really seems to enjoy working at the Silverton, and that says alot! Enjoyed visiting Bass Pro Shops again. Boat department were very helpful and not pushy salespeople, which we really appreciated. Again, all of the staff there were very friendly and helpful. Overall, we had a great stay and will continue to return to the Silverton in the future. :D	
Jul 22 2006 	Awesome !!!	Our family had just arrived at a new subdivison (new house). We discovered that the A/C was not working and would take 2 days to fix. With the inside house temperature holding at 100 degrees we would have to find lodging. We chose the Silverton just because it was so close to our home and we were too tired to do an in-depth hotel search. We figured because it was off the Strip, that the hotel was a hole-in-the-wall. We were DEAD WRONG. We walked in and was IMMEDIATELY impressed! The salt water aquarium was amazing, the Pro Bass Store was very impressive. We were given a spacious suite that was clean. The Twin Creeks Steakhouse is touted as new best restaurant; and there are other dining options as well. There's live entertainment by well-know musicians. The fitness room has everything for those who want a serious work out. The service from EVERY employee we had contact with was simply outstanding!You can also tell this is a place where they take pride in their appearance; there are also 2 Orange County custom made choppers in the main lobby (and again the aquarium really adds to the decor)We checked in on a Thursday and the price was reasonable, but it did go up on Friday because it was the weekend. Still, this was WELL WORTH it when you considered the overall atmosphere this lodge/casino has to offer.We HIGHLY RECOMMEND the Silverton and will stay again if we have to.	
Jul 5 2006	Stay at the Silverton	We have visited the Silverton many times, but never stayed as guests. So this was our first experience as guests of the hotel. The rooms were spacious and nicely decorated. The bed was probably the most comfortable bed my husband and I have ever slept on. We have always loved the casino for its casual atmosphere and the great staff. The employees always seem friendly, accommodating and even remember our names in the casino. The restaurants are superb.....Twin Creeks has a wonderful ambiance, excellent food and service and is very reasonably priced! We ate there 2 nights in a row and had the same thing it was so good!!! We look forward to the new Mexican restaurant coming!All in all we had a great experience staying at the Silverton and the only thing I think they can improve upon is the pool area. They should have t.v.'s under the gazebo's and a bar either in the pool area or in the pool.	
Jun 26 2006	a few flaws	we just returned from a 6 day stay at the silverton. upon arrival, the front desk clerks act like you are doing THEM a favor for staying at the hotel. the room itself was clean, but faced a brick wall, (partial view of the pool). because there were 3 of us staying in the room, i asked for more towels.... nothing appeared until the next day when i had to find a maid to give me some extra. my biggest complaint was the housekeeping service! not only do they come knocking at your door at 8 am, but, they don't seem to keep up on your needs. i was always asking for more shampoo, or towels. twice our room was not made up because we chose to leave the room at noon. it took me calling housekeeping at 10 pm for more toilet paper. room service was quick and hot. we made a killing in the casino during the week, but the slots tightend up on saturday. valets were good, but the same guy doubled as the bellman, so it took more time to have our bags taken down to the car. all in all, i liked the small atmosphere of this hotel, it made me feel safe. one more thing, i thought children were not allowed in the casino. i saw so many kids sitting at the slots while their mothers played them!!! i'd stay here again only if our nights are &quot;on the house&quot;.	
Jun 5 2006	Great Hotel Great Price Great Experience	My husband and I have come out to Vegas a few times now and stayed at Circus Circus. We were happy with that hotel, but since it is crawling with children and parents everywhere, we decided to find somewhere quieter this time around, off the strip. My husband was very leery about trying a new hotel, as his motto is &quot;Why change if it's clean?&quot; We stayed during the week of the 22nd and had a very pleasant experience. When checking in we asked for a quiet, nonsmoking room that had a mountain view. That is exactly what we were given (all of the rooms have a mountain view, if that's what you are looking for in a hotel). Our room was completely new, with pillowtop mattress (just like home!!!), leather couch, huge desk with two chairs, two long wall mirrors, a minibar that we could stuff a couple items in for later, and a free safe (locked with a credit card). The maid staff was very good in caring for our room and for the first time in my life I felt generous enough to tip my maid. We ate at the new buffet and the grill downstairs, and both places we were treated very well. We swam in the pool when we were out there and I think the most people at the pool at any given time was ten.All in all, this hotel is very good for people who want to get away from the hustle on the strip. A rental car is a must for this hotel, since it is three miles away from the strip (which is a five minute drive up I-15 to Mandalay Bay). We didn't take the shuttle, as we had a car. All hotels on the strip have free valet parking so pick one and park. We used valet at night at the Silverton and during the day on the strip, averaging out to $3.00 a day for the service (I usually give 2 dollars for valet off the strip and 1 dollar for valet on the strip-the guys on the strip told me most nights they can take home $300 a night in tips, double on the weekend).As for the Silverton, if you demand a non-smoking room, you need to get there in the early afternoon. They don't have 3,000 rooms, they have 300. Two hundred rooms are set aside for non-smoking. I feel that they could change some of the rooms to non-smoking, but that is probably why some complaints about the smell of the rooms exist now (they probably at one time were completely smoking). Our room didn't smell at all, but we always bring a citrus spray anyway because of lack of bathroom fans. From one Vegas fan to another, don't waste your time at Circus, it doesn't even compare to the Silverton.	
May 21 2006 	Very Nice Very Relaxing Experience!	OK, I was a Vegas virgin, but I was going to Vegas for a literary conference, not for a week of gambling, drinking, and debauchery. My friend wanted to stay off strip so we chose the Silverton. All in all we had a very pkeasant experience! The staff was extremely friendly. The rooms were quite comfortable (I actually slept through the first night which is something I rarely do) since the beds were pillowtop and high quality. The restaurants and the buffet served good food and the wait staff was, again, quite helpful. Yes, there is a drive to the strip but we rented a car from US rental for an excellent price and they upgraded us to a convertible. There was a concert by the Commodores while we were there and they stayed around the hotel after their performance. There were previous comments on this board about the clientale and they all looked to be your basic middle class mix, and yes there were some kids but not a tremendous amount. The gambling clientale included locals. There was no evidence of 21 year old drunkeness that I saw everywhere on the strip that weekend. My one complaint - watered down martinis that I paid full price for but that was adjusted. All in all a very pleasant experience for the excellent rate that we obtained!	
Feb 16 2006	Rooms 	First let me say that I made reservations two months in advance. I had asked for a king room, non-smoking. Upon arriving we were given a 2 bed, smoking room. This room REAKED OF SMOKED!! I went to the service desk to complain and was told that there were no other rooms. I asked to speak to management and was told that he would be here in about 5 minutes. After about 20 minutes, he finally showed up. He would not acknowledge me even standing there and then proceeded to the back room with the clerk. The clerk came out and offered us a different room that they had overlooked and we thanked them. When we went to the new room, we found another 2 bed smoking room that also REAKED OF SMOKE!! Complaining once more, we were told that this was all we had, take it or leave it. I would not recommend this lodge. The management has a bad attitude and does not care for the comfort of its customers. The Bass Pro Shop was very accomodating and the service could not have been better!	
Feb 4 2006 	Good Off Strip Option	We spend about 30 days a year in Las Vegas.The Silverton is hard to beat for $59. We prefer to stay downtown when possible, but often find ourselves looking for an alternate when our first choice is not available and thought we would give the Silverton a shot.We do have a car when in town, so the location actually is pretty convenient for us. Just south of the 215 intersection with I-15, put us on a straight line to downtown, the strip, Primm or Henderson. This hotel would not be a good choice if you are dependent on public transportation or shuttles and want to get out and about. By the way, you can rent a car from US Rental Car on Paradise for $12 and change a day - comes to $19 with taxes . . . cheaper than a cab.The rooms are as good, perhaps better, than other choices in this price range. Ours was clean and fresh, a non smoking king on 4th floor.We were at the Silverton for four nights and enjoyed a quiet and peaceful sleep every evening.The gym is properly equipped and good for working out as needed. The hotel staff was helpful and attentive in every manner.All in all, we were quite pleased. The property is not our first choice, but when looking for alternates to first class, we would certainly return. A good and honest value in our opinion.	
Feb 1 2006 	Can I go home yet?	Ah the Silverton. Im intrigued by the previous reviews of this hotel. Personally if you are basing your stay on these reports then you may be disappointed. I will start with the facts and then move on to my opinion. By Vegas standards the Silverton is quite small and although it does have its own casino it feel a little like it is only playing at being a casino. It has everything the big boys have but on a much smaller scale. As you enter the hotel there is a very large aquarium and if you are unlucky enough you may catch one of the hourly mermaid shows that happen here. 3 girls dressed as mermaids swim around pretending to sing to an awful soundtrack, occasionally stopping to gulp down air and try to synch back up to the soundtrack. Amateur is not the word, but at least it is free. Incidentally if you are into motor bikes there are also two orange county choppers in front of the aquarium. These are definitely quite cool. You then pass through the casino and past a bar and it you are lucky you may find the tiny reception hidden away. To be fare I checked in very quickly and the staff were very friendly (as all the staff at the Silverton are  frankly they are its main asset) but I have been told it can take hours if its busy as there only ever seems to be one person on duty.I was staying on the 4th floor in a king-size, non-smoking room. The room is pretty large and contains a decent sized TV plenty of hanging and drawer space, a king-size (and very comfy) bed, 2 night stands, a leather sofa, coffee table, writing desk with 2 chairs and a safe and mini bar. The bathroom has a shower and a bath that would be tight even for a child. On the whole the room is well appointed, clean and pretty large. On the down side it is also VERY dark. The carpet is brown, the walls are dark brown, the sofa is brown (getting the picture?) and there is only 1 very small window. It also has one of those awful aircon units under the window that sounds like a jet engine when you turn it on (fortunately I was there in January so I didnt need it). Then there comes the real problems. Other reviewers have mentioned how quiet the rooms are. I can only assume that they had no one staying within 5 rooms of them in any direction. The first night I was there the room next door had their TV so loud that I couldnt hear my own TV. This went on until 03:15 am. And then at 05:50am I was woken up by 2 ladies of the night offering services at my door!After a few days I eventually had to buy ear-plugs as the only way to get any sleep. You can hear people snoring 10 rooms away the walls are so thin. I was staying on business so I find this kind of thing especially annoying as I had to be up for work in the morning. Also, the room was non-smoking but I am guessing the rooms either side were not. For those of you that smoke you may not realise just how much it smells and my room reeked of cigarette smoke almost constantly.The pool was covered over by a large marquee but it was January (although 70+ degrees) so I guess I can let them off for that. Breakfast in the Sundance Grill is an unsophisticated but rather pleasant affair. The food is actually very good and inexpensive by Vegas standards and the service is very good. Dinner was another matter and after 20 minutes of being ignored by the waiting staff I walked out so I cant tell what the dinner was like.The Hootie and the Blowfish Bar (remember them?) was quite nice and, unlike the restaurant, the service was very quick and very friendly.Attached to the hotel (and accessed from within it) is a Bass Pro shop. Id not heard of these before but any Americans reading this probably will have. This shop is enormous, much bigger than the hotel. Its basically a shop to satisfy the American desire for everything outdoors and especially for killing everything outdoors! I know this is a very British attitude, and I dont mean to judge, but the site of row after row of hand-guns and rifles makes me feel a little uneasy. However, the Bass pro shop is well worth a 30 min stroll to have a look around. They sell everything from T-Shirts to speed boats. Again the staff were friendly and helpful.The other big problem with the Silverton (and this really is a very big problem) is its location. Its a good 5 miles from the strip. This may not sound far but unless you have a car it means its completely inaccessible. Its a $20 cab ride from the airport and if you want to get a cab out of the Silverton, forget it. Because of its location the cabs just dont go there. I ended up being given a lift by the valet otherwise I would have missed my meeting (again, very, very friendly staff). There is a shuttle service to the strip but it only runs from 10am to 10pm and then only once every 2 hours. It takes 40 minutes to get to the Mandalay bay and only drops off at Ceasers Palace and the Mandalay Bay. Pretty useless really. Also it only has 26 seats and if its full thats just tough. They wont take you and they wont lay-on any more busses. I can imagine that being a real problem in the summer. My biggest gripe, and this is really just personal opinion, is the clientele. I really think they should change the strap line at the Silverton to The Silverton Casino  Where the dregs of humanity come to play. For those of you reading this in the UK think a Friday night in a disco in Essex. For those the other side of the pond the expression trailer trash springs readily to mind. I also saw lots of children staying there. If you are insane enough to bring a child to Las Vegas, the Silverton is not the place to stay. To sum up. The staff at the Silverton are friendly and helpful, however this will never make up for its terrible location; its noisy rooms; its lack of facilities and its unfortunate guest list. If you stay here you will regret it. Spend a little extra and stay on the strip. If you dont want to stay on the strip then try somewhere like the Hampton Inn or the Double Tree. I stayed here because the company I was working for booked me here. If I had paid for it myself I would be very, very disappointed.	
Oct 2 2005 	Wow!!! What an incredible value	Just checked in to the Silverton hotel &amp; casino and am very, very impressed. When I was searching for a &quot;value&quot; option for lodging for my wife and I for 2 nights near the strip, I decided to give the Silverton a try. When my wife learned that we had paid $78.42 total for 2 nights (including all taxes and fees), she was REALLY afraid I had booked us at a roach motel. This place couldn't be further from that. Clearly, the whole hotel was just updated and I while I don't usually go ultra-luxury in Vegas (stayed at the Luxor, Excalibur, Stratosphere, Bally's, Treasure Island, Ceasar's Palace, Las Vegas Hilton, MGM Grand), I can honestly say this room exceeds most and rivals any I've stayed in while in Vegas. They even have pillow-top mattresses. Unbeatable for the price!!!	
Sep 20 2005	Huge Improvements-Loved it	After 7 yrs living in Vegas, my last night was spent at Silverton. My furniture was loaded to move. Silverton has gone from 1 1/2 stars as Boomtown to now 4 stars as Silverton with the Bass Pro Shop addition and renovations. The gambling is as affordable as old downtown and Silverton became a favorite place for my husband and me. The feel is of a cozy lodge. All rooms are renovated now with the lodge theme. I loved the room I had. (We just booked another visit for Dec 2005)While it is just south of the main part of the strip, it is very convenient to the airport and practically next to an outlet mall but I would recommend a car or use the shuttle. It's just 2-3 quick miles to the strip. It is also close to a drug store and groceries at Windmill.I did experience poor service at the Sunset Grill once. The buffet is decent and affordable, service has always been good. The Steakhouse is quite nice and very good food. We have enjoyed great entertainment in the show room with tribute bands. (Elton John's mother attended a performance in honor of her son when we were there). -Avoid rush hour driving.Don't park by Blue Diamond Rd if rain is on the way. It floods. Read signs.	
Jul 6 2005	Sundance Grill	We had the unfortunate experience of eating at the Sundance Grill. The service was substandard - we barely were served our salad and then our prime rib came. On my meal, the baked potatoe was so cold that the butter would not even melt on it - when asked for another, the waiter brought it, kind of plopped it on the table - it too was cold on the inside. My friend's prime rib was more fat than prime rib. The waiter was not friendly at all. When I excused myself from the table, not feeling well - the waiter asked if I wanted my prime rib packaged up, I said yes - when I left the table - he took my friends plate too - he had not finished eating. Unfortunately, we did not report this to the manager on duty at the time - although tried to resolve it the next day with no satisfaction other than an apology. Just a suggestion - if the meal is bad - ask for a manager immediately - don't settle for substandard service - you are entitled to the best.	
Jun 7 2005	The Silverton best kept secret in Vegas!!!!!!	My friend and I decided to visit the Silverton Hotel and casinoin Las Vegas at the far south end of the Strip. We had not beenthere in a few years, do like the small town feel, the low minimumson the tables. What a surprise we were in for!!!Holy Macaroni!!!!! This place has gone uptown, upscale andwe are lovin it!! Still the same warm, homey atmosphere.Oh baby, what a beautiful place!! The sexy lighting in thebars with video poker , was magnifico!!!! They servewine now in real glasses instead of paper cups!!!! The staff isthe friendliest ever, I asked where the restrooms were and thekind, nice lady walked me over there....now you don't findservice like that on Mainstream Strip!!! There is a bar that isour fave now, The Mermaid Bar. Gotta check this out. a huge Aquarium there with super New Age music playingand a real mermaid swimming with the fish, doing an underwaterballet with the fishies. I was awe-struck. There is an upscalestore there now, The Bass Pro Shop. Wonderful rock and gardenwaterfall, so relaxing after a tense day at the slots!! Drinkswere generous, the staff ,the best and I hope other Casinostake lessons from these folks, they know how to put out thered carpet. We spent the whole day there and actually wona few bucks, had some very elegant wine by the glass andchatted with friendly folks in the Mermaid Bar. If ya need aplace to land, not crowded, friendly staff, loose slots,this is the place. I have never written a review before, butspend time in Vegas and have never been this excited abouta casino.....Thank you for allowing me to share this review withothers. Susan Antonitis, California	
May 6 2005	Exceptional Value	If you look hard enough, there is still tremendous value to be found in the Las Vegas hotel market. I play at the recently renovated Silverton Hotel, and simply for signing up at the player's club I receive quarterly room deals. In early May I paid $19 for a Tuesday night stay, and was amazed at the quality of the renovated rooms. Mattresses as soft as advertised, quiet rooms (must be concrete walls), above average water pressure in the showers, and well appointed rooms with work desk, small couch, and cabinet fixture for television. I could have stayed at Wynn Las Vegas for $375, but why would I want to waste my money on a room that I see for 5-8 hours per day? The Silverton is approximately four miles south of Mandalay Bay on I-15 at Blue Diamond Road. If you are a visitor that rents a car, then The Silverton is a great place to stay. The Silverton's renovation includes great restaurants like Twin Creeks, the award-winning steak house, as well as a couple of cool lounge bars that cater to just about every social set. The gaming is good, with a high concentration of slots for the locals, and all conceivable table games for the rest of us. Sure, the Silverton is a few miles south of the strip, but the rooms are brand new, the place is quiet at night, and if you're itching to fight the traffic of the strip, it's only five minutes away. I highly recommend the Silverton, you won't be disappointed.	
Apr 27 2005	Silverton is Great Value	Stayed at the Silverton in mid-April. I have stayed there a few times before, and each time it has been fine. Sherri, at the front desk, is great to deal with. One member of our party left her safe wide open by mistake, with all her cash and valuables exposed. When she returned to the room, it had been neatly tidied and nothing in the safe had been touched. We have never heard a lot of noise in our room. The pool area is pleasant, but not elaborately decked out. It was a pleasant place to relax with my coffee in the morning. The rates here are quite reasonable. You most definitely should have your own transportation due to the location. However, it is conveniently located to the airport without the hassle of dealing with the Strip. Definitely worth it if you have a car.	
Mar 30 2005	Great value	Overall a great value for the money; would return. Stayed three nights in mid-March.Plus:- small (by Vegas standards); very easy access to casino/restaurants/parking- quick check-in, check-out- newly-renovated hotel- very comfortable beds- relatively quiet (had a first floor room near hotel lobby too)- Bass Pro Shop (attached) is a great visit (even if you don't fish or hunt)- Relatively short drive to Strip; quick access to I-15 to get around LV valley- $5 blackjack tables- nice pool areaMinus:- rooms are not very large; could use additional lighting- the $4 daily add-on services fee (was not told about this)- no coffeemaker in room; slow service at take-out area of coffee shop- location...if you don't have a car	
Mar 23 2005 	Disappointing stay	I stayed at the Silverton with a business partner for three nights and was very disappointed in the accomodations and staff. We had two rooms on the same floor (third floor) and the noise was unbearable all hours of the night. The room above mine seemed as though the floor was made of plywood and every step of the occupant was loudly heard. My tub had no plug and the staff seemed little concerned. There are no coffeemakers in the rooms and the $3.95 daily charge they tack on entitles you to basically nothing. The room was fairly clean but I had a couple of questionable towels which I asked to be replaced.I would encourage anyone to seek other accomodations if possible.	
Mar 23 2005	Great place to stay		
Mar 17 2005	Enjoyed the Silverton		
Jan 17 2005 	Nice Hotel but lacking customer service!		
Jan 16 2005	great place to stay		
Sep 26 2004	Great time once again..		
Jul 28 2004	Silverton: Ok for the price		
Nov 11 2003	Silverton a bargain?		
Sep 21 2003	Nice time for the price!		
Sep 18 2003	Silverton - Buyer Beware		
Aug 28 2003	Friendly affordable but bad location		
