	lovely off-strip hotel and casino with the best dining	The last two trips, I enjoyed Ping Pang Pong (the dim sum restaurant in Gold Coast) enough to want to give it a try as a place to stay. The prices of the rooms (particularly if you have a club card, which gives you a small discount) were quite good, we chose to go with the &quot;premium king&quot; room for less than $100 for three nights. The room was clean, modern, and had a nice pan-Asian styling. We really liked the porcelain tiles used throughout the shower and sink areas. The view not the best, but reasonable for the price. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful, and the parking convenient and close to the lobby.The breakfast buffet is a great deal and has a nice variety, the casino floor and staff were outgoing and helpful as well. The casino is more &quot;old-school&quot;--quiet, simple layout (never got lost here!) and no fancy themes or mostly-naked pole dancers over the blackjack tables. Ventilation was quite good, we don't smoke and were not really bothered much by smokers in the casino. We found it refreshing and not over-the-top, particularly after a day or evening of wandering through hotels on the strip where the sensory overload can really wear you out. I even enjoyed a round of bingo and bowling, both in the casino and both very nicely attired.	
Nov 19 2009 	Just fine	There was a conference at the Rio and the special conference rate was about $90 a night. I went on TripAdvisor and could have gotten about a $70 rate through them but I found a $34 rate at the Gold Coast which is right next to the Rio. There was an additonal mandatory $5 a night resort fee but I was aware of it because of another review on Trip Advisor. Since budget was a major consideration, I booked at teh Gold Coast.Arriving on a Monday about 12:15 the front desk staff seemed overloaded. There were 2 people behind the desk and a line all day long. Since I was a little pressed for time I checked my bag at the bell desk and went for the afternoon conference sessions. Coming back at 5:30, the desk was still a bit overloaded. But I got in line and waited about 10 minutes. Reservations were on file and away I went.My room was on the 3rd floor facing the back parking lot. The room was clean, the king sized bed comfortable. The bathroom was small and but very functional for what I need to do in there. There was a coffee maker which was helpful as I was still on Central time and woke up rested at 6AM Pacific. Sine I really did not want to go down for breakfast, I made coffee in the room to take care of my vicious caffeine habit. The food trucks and garbage trucks came in with a bit of noise right below, not bad, but I was up anyway.Location: The Gold Coast is off the strip, it is a 20 minute brisk walk to Caesar's Palace across the freeway. There is a sidewalk next to the Flamingo Road. There is a shuttle but it is infrequent and the line is long to get on it. With my conference at the Rio, I could walk there in 5 minutes to the side door of the Rio if I went up to the 2nd floor of the parking ramp and walked down the stair and jaywalked across a very wide street. There was not so much traffic on the very wide street and with a center median it felt safe to do.Food: The buffet is fairly marginal. There are lots of choices though and I easily found things to my liking. The first day, the prime rib was tough and tasted a bit old. The Wednesday prime rib was better, I think owing to the marketing campaign of free buffet for seniors in their club. The package I got on line included 2 free buffets so budget ruled over palate. The TGI Fridays open 24 hours is nice. I ended up eating evening meals there, I am a fan of the Jack Daniels burger. Plus they enforced the non-smoking very well in TGI Fridays which I also enjoyed. Don't go in there if you plan to smoke.I used the hot tub facility, temp was good, very few people using it. Some thought the 70's temp too low for the pool area. I am a Minnesotan and thought it just lovely. Communications: I hate paying for internet, it drives me crazy. I can go to a dumpy motel in the middle of Montana and get free wireless but go to a $200 night hotel in Chicago and they want to tack on an additional $18. Here it was an additional $15. Not worth it. I did need to print off my e-ticket for my return flight so I used one of the little internet kiosks with a printer attached set up just for that purpose spending $5.95 (I maybe could have gotten it for $5 at another kiosk).TV: The television worked fine, kind of a long delay in the on/off button, patience is needed.Checkout: I used the video checkout option on the television. Got to the last screen and I needed to get a receipt so I pressed the button to get a receipt emailed to me. The next screen told me to type in my address on the wireless keyboard. Wrong! There was no wireless keyboard. So I called the front desk who said no there are no wireless keyboards and happily printed one out that I could pick up at the front desk. That was fine.Overall, for $39 a night with a free buffet, it is a comfortable room with ok service at a decent location, especially if you are using nearby more expensvie facilities.	
Nov 16 2009 	Great Value	We visit Vegas every November and this is the fourth time we have stayed here. This year we stayed in one of the premium rooms. They have been updated and are clean. The mattresses are very comfortable. The shuttle service to Bill's is an added bonus. The breakfast buffet is great and inexpensive at $6.50 per person. One of the food stations makes made to order omelets and eggs. The prime rib dinner at the Cortez dining room is to die for. Staff and serving personel are friendly. No problems with water pressure or temperature in the shower. We particularly like the fact that we can turn on the coffee maker and have coffee in our room before going downstairs to breakfast. We will be back next year!	
Nov 13 2009 	OK hotel	Lady at reservation desk was friendly. Our room was a suite with a view of The Palms. Bed was comfy. Only real complaint I have is the food at the buffet, it was not tasty and kind of bland. TGIF was great though. Bartender was entertaining. Slots were tight, but at the end they loosened up a bit.Had a great time.	
Nov 12 2009 	Why spend tons of money if you are not planning to be in the room all that much?	I stayed here on one of my trips to Vegas because the Palms was sold out. This hotel fit all of our needs. The room was basic. We didn't really need an expensive room because we didn't plan on being on the hotel room that much anyway. The room was a standard size and there really was not a great view but it worked for us. The front desk staff was great and it didn't take but 3 minutes to check in. The walk from the parking garage to the front desk is a long haul but not too bad. The casino its self was great. It is a older casino and it seems that this is a place were locals go. Not only for the slots and cheap table games but the cheap food discount at a few of the restaurants in the hotel. On the weekends they have a hot dog vendor set up shop out side the sports book. I think we got 2-3 dogs..and they were only $1.00. The hotel also has a shuttle that takes people to Bill's casino on the strip. Which is good for people that don't have a car. We were dropped off so it was good for us. I will probably stay here again if the Palms is sold out or too expensive at the time of booking. Its right across the street from the Palms which is were my wife and I like to gamble. This hotel fit all of our needs on this trip.	
Nov 7 2009 	GOLD COAST HOTEL	the rate at this hotel was not too expensive but offers great luxurious services. Take the hotel shuttle in order to reach the LAS VEGAS strip. I recommend this hotel to those who are planning to visit LAS VEGAS.. who wanted to experience pleasure by not spending too much on hotel accomodation.	
Nov 6 2009 	Pick another hotel - dont waste your time	I dont know were to start. We purchased the upgraded room package for a 4 night stay Tuesday-Saturday. The checkin was pleasant and easy. When we got to the room after walking it felt like a mile down the hallway we found this 1960 looking room. Because we were so hungry we decided to go eat at fridays and verify afterwards they gave us the correct room. Well after dinner we went to the front desk and the woman behind the counter said yes we did get the wrong room. So we had to pack everything back up and move from the 3rd floor to the 6th floor. Once again down a hallway that felt like a mile long. Well let me say the upgraded room was 100% better. Now we are ready to shower and found that the we had no hot water. After 15-30 minutes of runnning the water we finally got hot water. What a waste of water. After speaking with the front desk again they offered to again move us. Being totally exhausted we did not take them up on the offer but instead get up and turn the water on first and let it run for a 1/2hr before jumping in the shower. Every night the housekeeping people forgot to give us new soap which was also very frustrating. I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL TO ANYONE. Stay away from the buffett especially the mexican section it was terrible at best.	
Nov 6 2009 	Inexpensive...with certain benefits	I was there for March Madness 2009 so this review is a bit late, but I loved Gold Coast and will be back again in 2010. OK, so my high roller friends booked rooms at the Palms, which is right across the street, literally and is an easy walk away - yes, they made fun of me AT FIRST for booking into the &quot;mold coast&quot; or &quot;old coast&quot; but by the end of the week, they were committed to joining me there in 2010. Positives (some of these may be outdated, check the website):Room - clean, cheap, cheap, cheap, inexpensive, cheap, comfortable. You just need a place to crash anyway in Vegas, this is idealLocation - close to the Palms and RioAmenities - TGIFRIDAYS open (almost?) all the time with super deals for breakfast, beer, drinks etc. Shots and beers were $1 while games were on (first round of March Madness they are literally almost always on). Yeah, you heard that right. BOWLING for $1 after either midnight or 2:00am, which is like the afternoon in Vegas terms. Great deal, good times. TABLE GAMES - we had a wonderful time with low minimums and great staff. SLOTS - good variety and great selection and payouts for video poker.Check in - easyCheck out - easy (didn't charge me for a movie I fell asleep to, too)Negatives:Location - if you have a few too many on the strip and decide to walk back rather than grab a cab, watch out. The walk back is scary and confusing. Get a cab. Shuttle - never saw it, a few employees didn't know what I was talking about, ended up always splitting cabs (ps - always look for folks to split cabs with, you'll find them!)That's it for negatives.Great stay, can't wait to go back to VEGAS!	
Oct 27 2009 	great value for money	we spent a week here the 18th to the 25th of october. Staff were brilliant buffet was ok. but last years standard's were better, good shuttle serivce to the strip although only one bus opperates between two hotels. and you can be told to wait for the next bus. good value of money. this was our second visit to this hotel would visit again. The bingo was of very high stantards and the staff were very helpful and polite. good hotel to stay at during our visit to vegas if you dont want to stay on the strip.	
Oct 27 2009 	Great off-strip location	We selected the Gold Coast because we had tickets to a concert over at the Palms. Gold Coast is right across the street, maybe a 5 min walk and it's a whole lot cheaper than the Palms. It's also right next to Rio, also a 5 min walk. There's a lot to do right there with those three casinos and if you want to go to the strip Gold Coast runs a shuttle over to Bill's Gamblin' Hall every 20-25 min depending on traffic. It's on the same corner as Bally's and Bellagio. We took the shuttle over there and then walked the mile down to New York, New York to see Zumanity. I wouldn't want to walk it in the summer heat but it was a really nice night when we were there and the walk was quite nice. A cab shouldn't be to expensive if you don't want to walk, it's only a couple miles from Gold Coast to New York, New York and would be roughly the same to most any casino on the strip. We had plenty of time and thought a stroll down the strip would be nice. At Gold Coast we had a Deluxe King room and it was quite nice. Everything was in real good condition. It didn't look run down at all. The bed was very comfortable! The shower was awesome! No tub, big enough for two and one of those big rain shower heads. No crazy hot or cold water spurts that happen in some hotels. One other thing I liked is that the big casinos are like a maze and I tend to get lost but Gold Coast is small enough to find your way around easily. We aren't gamblers so I can't tell you much about the gaming. It looked the same as anywhere tho. The tables were pretty active. We did get pretty drunk one night. There's a quiet little bar at one end of the casino that has a pool table. We enjoyed playing pool with a group of Japanese business men till the place closed then we found our way down to the TGIFridays that's open 24 hours. We were there till about 4am and we had a great time. Negatives are few, the views from the rooms aren't great but I don't really care about that. The pool isn't much, it's pretty small but we didn't have much time to hang at the pool anyway. There was no one even at the pool when we went out for a swim so at least we had it all to ourselves such as it was. The buffet wasn't great either. We had free coupons for breakfast and dinner. The breakfast was pretty good. They had an omelete station where they would make anything you wanted fresh. The dinner was a little more depressing. For free it was ok but I wouldn't want to pay for it. We like TGIFriday's tho and Rio has a seafood buffet if you really want a buffet.	
Oct 9 2009 	A Good Time	This Hotel is not 5 stars but overall worth the value. We did a Girls' Weekend Trip and stayed here.... The rooms were clean and decent, the staff was friendly and they have upgraded a bit by adding a 24 hour T.G.I.Fridays Restaurant. The location was great across the street from both the Rio &amp; the Palms the only reason to go to the strip was to view the new hotels. Easily accessible and nice bang for your buck.	
Oct 8 2009 	pretty good	it was pretty good for the price. I paid for a buy one night, get one night free.	
Oct 2 2009 	Great deal 	I got a great deal on this room from vegas.com. I reserved a premium room but when I got there they put me in one of the un-renovated standard rooms. It had a really tiny bathroom with a strange shower and the whole thing just felt old. After I went back to the desk they corrected their mistake and put me in one of the premium rooms. It was great! Nice bed, TV, furniture &amp; bathroom. It's definitely worth paying a few more bucks to get the premium room over the standard.This hotel is a lot of fun if you like to play bingo. There's also good Chinese restaurants inside and a 24-hr TGIFridays. The buffet is pretty cheap and not bad. The Casino has a big selection of games and low minimums. There's also a huge bowling alley with $1 bowling after midnight. It's not a big deal that the hotel is off the strip because there's The Palms &amp; The Rio right across the street, and there's a free shuttle that takes you to the strip. The pool is nice, nothing fancy, but there's no waitress or bar there so you have to get drinks in the casino and bring them to the pool.	
Oct 2 2009 	cant wait to return	first impressions yes its ok. after booking in with no fuss what so ever,given our keys and the room was on the ninth floor, (great views) evey thing that was need was in the room. even down to a iron and a ironing board.the hotet was just off the strip, but a free shuttle bus ran every 15/20 min to the strip,eating well think of a country and you can eat that food in any of the clean well ran resturants,even a T G Fridays.room service was also great thats if you ever get back to your room as there is that much to do.72 lane bowling alley,,bingo hall.and the the casino well it was just so over welming at the first .every casino game that you can think of was available.the all hotel wsa light airy and clean, the staff was very helpfull,nothing was to much trouble.we will return ASAP	
Oct 1 2009 	You get what you pay for	Front desk and Bell Desk were very unfriendly and made it seem like you were bothering them. Bell desk gave incorrect distances as well, making it more costly to cab. To get to your room, you have to walk through the very smoky casino and then take a shaky elevator. There are 4 elevators so we never had to wait more than 2 minutes or so. Rooms are small and bathrooms (especially showers) are even smaller. Water hits the floor because there is no shower door but a small partition. As well, no fan in the bathroom can be somewhat inconvenient. Thermostat to control AC was nice. View was of the top of the building next door of the satellites. Carpet looked dirty from stains and the room smelled the entire stay we were there. Bed was extremely comfortable.Maid service was friendly and efficient. We did check in early as well with no problems. Only went to TGI's and it was decent food but nice service. Bowling alley was clean and no waiting to get a lane.Wal-Mart on Rainbow is about a 20$ cab ride. The shuttle takes you to Orleans first and then to Tropicana on the strip. If you walk out of Gold Coast and head on Flamingo towards Caesar's, it's about a 20min walk over the interstate to the other side of the strip. Free local calls were nice as well. Didn't really feel like we missed anything staying off the strip.	
Oct 1 2009 	This place served its purpose	This was booked for us as part of a package trip. Unfortunately, our last visit to Las Vegas we stayed at Caesar's Palace so this was never going to live up to that.The hotel was ok ...the room needed updating and the toilet didn't work when we got there but it was fixed while we were out. It was clean enough although one of the pillows was stained.The main problem for us is that it was a 20 min walk to the Strip or $10-$15 cab ride...the free shuttle wasn't regular enough for us. So you can't just pop out to see the sights.The' port's of call 'restaurant was good ...the Friday night seafood buffet was excellent and good value.We believe that the slots pay better than on the Strip but unless gambling is your main reason to stay...we would recommend a stay on the Strip	
Sep 28 2009 	Nice Place-Good Deal	Really nice place for the price. It is a stretch to call the Seafood Buffet a Seafood Buffet but it was good. Clean rooms, reasonable price for an &quot;off the strip&quot; hotel. Good service. No complaints at all.	
Sep 23 2009	Great value and comfortable stay	Took my mom to Vegas for her birthday and found a good deal at the Gold Coast. I had read the reviews on this site and decided that it sounded fairly decent. I was happy to find that it was. Rooms were clean and functional for a budget hotel. The bathroom is fairly tight in the budget rooms, but does the job. The shower had major water pressure, so it doesn't take long to shower. Had no problems with checking in or out. The casino is pretty large and has a large number of video poker machines. This is definitely a locals hangout. The free shuttle to the Orleans and the Tropicana runs every 15 minutes, so getting around was really painless. TGIF has a cheap breakfast special, so we ate there a couple of mornings and in the buffet one other time. The tables were very busy on the weekends, so we only played them a couple of times. There is a large variety of slot machines, so we played those most of the time. Overall, I really liked the Gold Coast and would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 17 2009 	Good priced hotel	First time we stayed at the Gold Coast, good all round hotel all prices reasonable in the hotel,. room was clean and tidy.The shuttle bus now drops of at the tropicana hotel at the top of the strip,{previously Bills gambling hall/barbary coast} from 14th september.This has not been received favourably by the guests we spoke to, as it is not so central to visit other hotels, as the bus is $3 dollars a trip or 7 per day on the deuce, if you are unable to walk further down the strip..	
Sep 9 2009 	Loved It!	Stayed at the Gold Coast with a buddy over the Labor Day weekend and was thrilled with the place. We got a great rate (about $60.00 a night), so we weren't sure what to expect. Both of our standard rooms were large, well maintained, and clean.Everyone we came into contact with, from the front desk to the casino staff, were very friendly.Breakfast in TGI Fridays was very good and served quickly. Dinner in the Cortez Room was outstanding. The filet mignon melted in my mouth.The casino seems to cater to the slots crowd. That being said, even on a holiday weekend, we were able to get onto the table games with no problem.I will definitely stay at the Gold Coast again.	
Sep 4 2009 	Adequate	I stayed for 4 weeks - I came over to play in the Poker world series at The Rio (next door) which I originally wanted to get into but was fully booked. This was the closest optionI strongly disagree with the people that have rated this as excellentPrice was good, Room was adequate(I never got the superior room which I paid for and got a refund when I found out). Pool was adequateChecking Staff were average - On very tall lady security Guard was very friendly - Cortez room staff were also very nice Hotel was cleanThe food in the Cortez room restaurant was outstanding (Steak outstanding) - other two chinese restaurants were ok and TGI Fridays 24/7 was adequate but not as good as many Ive been toIn truth, I didnt have any bad experiences but the whole deal didnt quite do it for me. Would I stay again, possibly but Id also consider paying $20-$30 more and stay somewhere else if I was there for any length of time	
Aug 29 2009 	CLEAN CHEAP NO FRILLS	Located off the strip, but was not very far off. I got the room for $4.99 a night, and did not know what to expect. To get to the room we had to drag our daughter through the casino, and up to the 4th floor, but when we got there, we were pleased. The room was not fancy, and there were no covers on the beds other than sheets. The tv was nice (flat screen) and the room was fairly clean. The view was of an outside wall, and the bathroom area was very small. The shower felt like it was leaning to one side, but it worked fine. These rooms need some updating, but for the price, we felt like we got a great deal. The front desk help and the bellman at the door were very unfriendly and unhelpful also.	
Aug 26 2009 	There were Mormon crickets inside the room!	My room was on the first floor. I heard the loud cricket noise when I started to sleep. After some investigation, I found Mormon crickets inside the room! They were between the carpet opening under the A/C unit. The front desk said someone must have opened the windows. They didn't have any other room for me to move into except for a smoking room. I didn't get any sleep at all!	
Aug 26 2009 	Excellent value clean and friendly	This is the 3rd time I have stayed at the Gold Coast and have enjoyed myself every single time. It may not be the most luxurious hotel but it is clean, comfortable and friendly. The cost to stay was exceptional and the food was very good value. There is not the hustle and bustle associated with staying on the strip which is just what I wanted. Fun and madness when you are on the town but nice and peacefull when you want to sleep. It did get a bit louder on the weekend but not enough to keep me awake. The cocktail waitresses were pleasant and very quick to supply you with drinks when you were gaming which was something sadly lacking at a number of other &quot; bigger &quot; casinos. Big is not allways better and I would recommend the Gold Coast without hesitation.	
Aug 23 2009 	Great Place! Great Price! Nice Hotel! Only good things to say!	This is a great hotel off the strip. It is nice and clean. We were able to check in early. The buffet is cheap and dessert is good. The chinese Ping Pang Pong is excellent! The price was great! We rented a car and the vallet service was very quick. The slots pay out and you can actually play for awhile. I would love to stay again. It is also a great price! Everyone there is friendly and helpful. They also have bowling!	
Aug 23 2009	Gold Coast Casino and Resort Las Vegas	We stayed for 4 nights at the Gold Coast. Very good service. The buffets are excellent and they serve regular food like pizza, beef,pasta, burgers,and things like that. Great for families.Very nice rooms for the price. Very nice views of the other hotels in the area Recommended for Families or couples looking for a nice place that is quiet but close to the strip. The shuttle takes you to the strip and drops you off right in the middle of the action of the strip. I would absolutly stay there again.	
Aug 21 2009 	Excellent place to stay!	I am recently back from a month of solo-travelling in California.As I was using public transport, location was an essential factor when choosing accommodation. I used a good value shuttle bus from the airport, which took me directly into the resort. Although a 20-minute walk from the Strip (which is better to do in the evening when cooler) there is a free shuttle bus that drops you in every 30-minutes. Note that there is a $3.00/day resort fee, but it's this that covers costs for use of the shuttle and swimming pool. WiFi access is very expensive at $12.99 per day, so try not to use!Overall, this hotel represented great value for money. The staff were extremely helpful at helping me book day trips, which was much appreciated. Gold Coast is definitely worth staying at when in Las Vegas.	
Jul 27 2009 	Great place to stay quick to the strip nice enough people...would go back again	I booked a 2 weekend night stay at Gold Coast. We arrived at almost 11am, but our room is indeed ready. I booked one of the premium, renovated rooms, so I'm happy. Our front desk person was nice enough, if a little curt. We get Number 849 (of 10 floors) and its pretty and does have a view of The Palms across the street. The room is in classic, neutral style, very elegant. The shower is nice and roomy, but tends to get water on the floor, but there is a window to let in alot of nautral light. The water pressure was good. We went to eat at the TGIF’s. We got immediate seating, our waiter was nice, food came fast, so it was all good. We also visited the gift shop, which had alot of nice selection, and very talkative employees. I also saw where they had a casino coffee shop, but I never got around to visiting it. The shuttle bus was excellent, but it does stop at midnight. We never waited very long and it dropped off/pick-up at Bill's. It was a short walk anywhere from there. This casino is quite a break from the loud strip and the monster hotels. I was happy to return each night. I initially booked the room because we were going to a show at The Palms, but it was an excellent choice without breaking the bank. I got a great rate at hotels.com (they were having a 50% sale), even for a weekend. I think it was $138 for both nights, all total. Our check-out person was very nice. Oh and make sure the cabbie (if you're taking one), does not need to go through the tunnel. It's about 10 minutes away from the airport. :) I would definitely recommend Gold Coast.	
Jul 21 2009 	unbeatable value great hotel great casino great location = great stay!	What to say about this hotel! It was so cheap on expedia at $48 a night over the weekend where if you know vegas it's crazy prices over the weekends! We got one of their premium rooms which were newly renovated and it definitely great value. The hotel is just off on the west of the strip next to Rio and sort of adjacent to Palms. We somehow ended up with a double/double room when it was supposed to be a King bed, but it wasn't much of a big deal. The furnishings of the room were very nice and trendy, and the bathroom was large and spacious! The shower was more like a walk in shower as it had no door to close it, but it was cool. The lights in the room were minimal, an orange lamp by the desk, but the bedside lamps were powerful enough. There was a large flat screen tv, and we did the express check out through the tv. The hotel itself was great with lots of amenities, the pool was great, they had a number of restaurants in the hotel, and it was cool they had a bowling alley too. It was also convenient that they had shuttles to the strip every 15-30mins until 12midnight. To walk to the strip is doable because we did it.. but keep in mind you're walking over a freeway etcc so in high heels it could take a while (say 20mins). We ate at TGI Friday's and it was great, and they had breakfast until 4pm which made complete sense since this is vegas we're talking about. The hotel's casino was great!! Great atmosphere and we won so that's always going to make a good impression to anyone! The dealers were nice, their tables would start as low as $5 for blackjack which was great! They did not have any hot clubs or lounges but Rio and Palms were close or go to the strip for that and come back to Gold Coast after partying to hit the tables! Overall I thought Gold Coast had unbeatable value for a hotel in Vegas and maybe even against many hotels anywhere. Even though I know many people would want to splurge and stay in the famous hotels on the strip, I would recommend this hotel to anyone in a heartbeat.	
Jul 20 2009 	If you are on a budget trip to Vegas choose Gold Coast!	I have been to Vegas many times and so I didn't feel we needed to stay at one of the 4-5 star hotels on the strip. We were looking to budget on the rooms, to splurge on things (gambling, dining, entertainment). I was pleasantly surprised by Gold Coast. the shuttle to the strip was great, the breakfast buffet was cheap and perfect, and the table gambling has low limits. All perfect for my husband and I. We used the Rio pool next door since the Gold Coast pool is just ok, and we were happy. If you aare on a honeymoon or on a romantic anniversary trip - I say splurge on the top hotels, but if you have been married for a while and really just want to go out and have a good time, I definetely recommend the Gold Coast. Oh, and remember to &quot;splurge&quot; on the deluxe rooms. We paid $250 with taxes for 3 nights over the weekend. Well worth it in my opinion! The deluxe rooms are really nice and clean and newly renovated!	
Jul 20 2009 	Not so improved - at least for short people.	My wife &amp; I stayed at the Gold Coast Hotel &amp; Casino on June 1-4, 2009, with reservations made through expedia.com. This was our second stay at this property as a couple, and I had stayed once before alone.Check-in was smooth enough, but when we got to our room we noticed that we were put into a room with two queen beds, rather than a king bed, as we had reserved. An immediate call to the front desk was met with an indifferent, “Well, call back tomorrow and see if they can change your room for you.” My wife was more upset about the indifferent attitude than the mistake in accommodations.The room was remodeled since our last visit, the most noticeable difference being the bathroom. The tub had been replaced with a shower stall that no door or curtain. (More stylish than practical to my way of thinking, but Hey! we don't have to clean in up!) The bathroom sink was now sunk into a large granite countertop about four feet off the floor, which met our 5’-3” frames about mid-chest level. On the whole, we found the changes to be stylish, but not very comfortable or practical. I’m sure someone must like them. (a tall person, no doubt.)The Gold Coast has also added a buffet since our last visit, as well as replacing their 24-hour coffee shop with a TGI-Friday’s. Neither was an improvement, to our way of thinking. The buffet was ordinary at best and one visit was plenty for us. The Friday’s was OK, but we missed the menu variety of the other restaurant. In addition, the atmosphere and background music made us want to flee ASAP. (Probably a corporate strategy to encourage turnover.) We had most other meals off-site, so we can’t comment on the Cortez Room or the Ping Pang Pong Chinese restaurant. There was and aggregation of tables by the buffet that looked like a coffee shop, but it was closed every time we passed.On the morning of the second day we moved into a king room on a floor that had not been remodeled. The furnishings were serviceable and the bathroom had th old style tub and sink (which we liked better) with super-strong water pressure. My wife used the room service twice and was satisfied with the food and service.On the whole, an OK stay, but we probably won’t return. We miss the coffee shop and the improvements in room décor weren’t enough to send us racing back any time soon.	
Jul 16 2009 	Older rooms yet really comfortable	My friends and I stayed at the Gold Coast for one night. We were very surprise about how clean and quiet it was. It's located across the street from the Palms at about a third of the cost. The rooms and everything in them, except the Plasma Flat screen are old. However, everything was in really good condition and very clean. The shower was outrageously fantastic. Hold on for a great ride as the shower is very powerful with plenty of hot water to spare. No complaints at all. We stayed on the fifth floor and there was no noise and we slept very well. The air conditioner worked great and it got really cold in the room. My two friends and I were very pleased and never felt dirty or worried about crime. We saw no trouble whatsoever and had a very good time.	
Jun 23 2009 	Good stay	Got a great rate on their website, buy one night for $28 get one free. Stayed two nights for $15 a night. What a steal. At check in others where getting 2-1 coupons for the buffet, but we didn't. I was told my rate didn't include them. No worry, the price was right. The room was big and clean. It faced north and had a view of the parking lot behind the hotel. The room was very quiet. Walking pass the room next door, we heard a loud crying baby. Once in the room, we couldn't hear it at all. There were only 3 pillows for the king bed but a call to housekeeping got us 2 more within 3 mins. The flat screen tv didn't work, but engineering was there in a jiffy to fix it. I was impressed at the quick service. The non smoking room had cigarette burns on the tub, but didn't smell of smoke. The casino is your average casino. Didn't see many people winning and that included myself. Ate breakfast once in the buffet, $5.95 with free club card. Average, nothing special. At the omelet station, asked for poached eggs they said no, I asked for hard boiled eggs they said no. A lady next to me said, &quot;They must not have any water here!&quot;. That was the laugh of the day. Overall a good hotel. Someone stole the do not disturb sign off our door and the maid was knocking at 7:30am. Oh well, that's traveling for you.	
Jun 9 2009 	Little Gem.	We have been to Las Vegas every year since 1999, and have always stayed on The Strip in the bigger hotels. This year we thought we would try the Gold Coast, having been out to see it on our last trip. This was a wonderful find as far as we were concerned. It was very nice to come out of the hotel in the mornings to peace and quiet and not be in the hustle and bustle straight away as we would on the Strip. The shuttle buses were very frequent - probably about every 15 minutes and the drivers were very friendly. The staff at the hotel were very courteous and helpful, especially the first day there when I had to find a medical centre as I was unwell. The pool area, although not large, was clean and there was plenty of room to sun ourselves. There was entertainment in the daytime - a jazz group - which my husband thoroughly enjoyed. The evening enterainment was varied, the standard of the groups just as good as on the Strip. The rooms were a little disappointing at first glance, as I thought they were on the small side, but after a day or two I soon got used to it. Overall I think this hotel is very good value for money and would certainly stay there again, if and when we return to Vegas.	
Jun 6 2009 	best hotel off the strip	Well here we are again this time we decided to move off the strip and we had been to the Gold Coast and liked it so picked it for this holiday,what a good move that was,nice to go back to after day out not too crowded but plenty going on.Had a couple of trips out on the bus,one was to Green Valley Ranch which was really nice and they had lovely shops,just ask the driver to call out when you get there as they are very helpful,the other trip is the Outlet Mall down the road past the airport.The shuttle to the strip was very good,didn't have to wait hardly at all maybe 10mins but that was just once.My wife says she wants to come here again next year and usually she likes the strip	
Jun 5 2009 	Cheep and Cheerful	I have stayed in this hotel before but this time I was disappointed. We upgraded rooms so the bedroom was fine and very clean but I felt the atmosphere in the casino was more downmaket this time and slightly rough at times. The buffet was cheap and was ok for what you pay. We had lovely weather when we were there but and wanted to chill by the pool , the area around the pool is fairly basic.This a budget hotel and is good value for the money but I dont think I will be staying here again.	
Jun 4 2009 	Service with a smile	I have to say that the staff at the Gold Coast Casino were more then helpful. After getting off a red eye flight, i attempted to check in at 9a and was pleasently surprised that the front desk agents never even blinked and eye. They even were willing to revise my original reservations. I got a room with a view of the neighboring apartment complex but who cares, who stays in their room in vegas anyway? The property itself was very clean and ammenities very easy to locate. I would definetly stay here again and have recommended this hotel to my friends and all family members	
May 29 2009 	Average Hotel	Rooms are a little bit small. Beds are too soft. Shuttle service to the strip is great but they charge 3 dollars per room.	
May 13 2009 	Great Place to stay and to Gamble	Went for anniversary. Told Sarah at the front desk that it was our anniversary and she upgraded us to the suite on the top floor. The room was bigger than my entire house. Really nice, and for the same price as a regular room, WOW! Had a great time, lots of video poker machines and hit some great hands. Will definately be going back again. Where else can you bowl while the wife is gambling and winning!	
May 11 2009 	Not so Gold	Gold Coast Hotel and CasinoMy wife and I booked two nights at the Gold Coast on a recommendation of friend. We arrived to find there is no valet, bellmen, or concierge! Our room was not ready so we had to wait around one hour, so we went to the bar and played some keno and had a beer. The drinks were ice cold and the service was fast. No luck at the keno, but we did start to notice the people in the casino. A drunk couple fighting in the middle of the casino yelling and screaming, the man playing next to me with open sours on his legs, and the other numerous characters. We finally got to our room and we were ready to go! My wife said lets go, so I called and booked us two nights at the Wynn!!! We left the room and told the front desk we had an emergency and had to go. They refunded our deposit and we were off to paradise AKA the Wynn!!!Spend the extra cash and spoil yourself! For an extra $40 a night we stayed at the best hotel on the strip! Disliked The room, the people, the casino, the smoke, the décor and ambiance! Liked the two ice cold beers at the bar! But hey 7-11 has ice cold beer also and you don’t see anyone staying the night there!	
May 10 2009	Golden Place	I had to wait to get to the hotel reception for 25-30 minutes but then I got an upgrade to the presidential suite and rest is history. Parking was easy and room was really good.	
May 2 2009 	Adequate accomodations great value.	Check-in staff was mediocre, but the rest of the staff was good. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. The hotel is in a great location for those that have a car although shuttles to many strip and downtown locations were available at the Rio next door. The parking lot is huge and the freeway and strip access were great. The drinks came quickly while gambling (during the week). The buffet was fairly good and the price could not be beat.	
Apr 27 2009 	Excellent Value	This was a great place to stay. The hotel is located off of the strip across the street from the Palms and next door to the Rio. The free shuttle to the strip runs often and the trip is short. I walked to the strip one morning and it took me about 20 min.The hotel and casino are nice and the staff is friendly and helpful. A room upgrade was provided by asking. The room was nice and spacious. The bathroom was very nice.The hotel has a basic buffet which was very inexpensive and you get a discount for showing your gaming card. It has an adequate outdoor pool and a 70 lane bowling alley.The clientele are a little more mature than many of the strip hotels so the rooms were very quiet. The casino was a bit smokey, but the air flow was good. There was no sign 10 per day.	
Apr 26 2009 	Good hotel good value	We stayed for 5 nights for vacation and one of the nights was free. I think the average came out to $60-something per night. Overall, I thought it was a good value for a room of similar range - comfortable room, nice premises, reasonably close to the strip. We booked the premium room w/ king bed; it looked like it was recently remodeled, not sure what the standard rooms look like. The one we had was clean, with a nice modern design, not large but enough space, comfortable bed. The bathroom had a tiled shower stall (no tub), soft towels &amp; bottles of shampoo/conditioner/lotion. The room had a table &amp; 2 chairs, armoire &amp; drawers, iron &amp; board, flat screen TV with very basic cable. The hotel charges $12.99 per day for wifi, I didn't use it. They provide free shuttles to the strip. I'm not usually a very demanding guest as far as amenities, so I didn't mind the lack of frills. But I did wish they had more tv channels.Food options are pretty good. The Ping Pang Pong Chinese restaurant has dim sum lunch from 10-3 that is yummy. Eating dim sum for breakfast was one of my favorite parts of the trip. The Cortez Room has very good prime rib. I didn't try the buffet or the cafe. There's also an ice cream corner, The Noodle Exchange restaurant &amp; a TGI Friday in the building. Checking in &amp; out was easy. I booked through Expedia and the front desk gave me no trouble. This was our first time staying at the Gold Coast and it was a pleasant surprise. We had an enjoyable stay, definitely will return.	
Apr 20 2009 	Once again - a great stay!	I forgot to post about our last stay here at the Gold Coast. Happy to say - we still LOVE it!! We booked in March for our August stay (yes, we know it's hotter than Hades on Vegas in August!) and my determination got us the room at 50% off the price I started with! They always match the price if you can find a lower one on the web. I called probably 3 times to keep geting a lower price!! The people are always friendly and the buffet is excellent. Very diverse in choices - you can have dinner-type stuff at breakfast time &amp; vice-versa. We are looking forward to our next stay there (probably in 2010) when the renovations will be complete. AWEOME DEAL &amp; a great place to stay off-strip!!	
Apr 12 2009 	A Bit Too Cool In Vegas but Gold Coast Is Nice	This was our second stay at Gold Coast again going with a newer room for a few more bucks. It is well worth it. Vegas was fairly cold respective to normal temperatures, there was as torm front moving through so it was actually rather cool a couple fo days we were there. Just not the same when it's not hot in Vegas. The room was clean but had a wierd smell and the toilet was not clean, however we asked one of the cleaning ladies and she cleaned right away. A non-issue really. For $47 a night it is a clean, cheap and nice place although it is off Strip.They still run their shuttle to mid-strip frequently so being off Strip is actually a plus for us to get away from the hustle and bustle. The Deuce goes right in front of the property 24/7 although you do have to transfer. The buffet here is pretty good and fairly cheap. The only complaint we have is the cashier would not honor the $5 food coupon per day, she said we had to charge it to our room then have it deducted upon checking out, they did not do that. Casino is nice, not huge but big enough. If you want a bit quieter pace and good inexpensive accomodations, Gold Coast is recommended. We may try somewhere else next trip just to see what else is around.	
Mar 25 2009 	Excellent value and service for the price	Having been to Vegas several times now I decided to venture off strip to check out this hotel. I kept my expectations low as it isn't one of the newer hotels out there plus it's location is less than desired. Little did I know that it would end up being one of my favorite Vegas trips ever.Check in was great. We asked for one of their newly renovated room and they were nice enough to find us one free of charge even though they were booked solid for March Madness. They also gave us 2 vouchers for a free buffet at their restaurant. Nice start!We got to the room and were pleasantly surprised to find a completely modern and trendy room. No hint of smoke like there is at other older hotels that say their room is non smoking. Very clean, everything worked perfectly, flat screen tv on the wall and there was always plenty of hot water in the morning and evening.On to the casino / gaming area. Although it is not huge, it has all the table games and slot machines you could ever want to play. The sports book was my main reason for coming to vegas and it didn't disappoint. The service was a bit slow but the odds we posted quickly and there are plenty of tv's to catch all your favorite games on. Drink service is fast (as long as you take care of your waitress)Next up, the restaurants. TGI Friday's just opened there and we ate there every day. They have a breakfast special for $3.99 and it's worth every penny. They offer happy hour specials at the bar ... all day, every day! 1/2 appetizers, $1 beer, $1 shots (even premium brands like Grey Goose, Patron, Crown Royal!!!) The food was always served hot and fresh. The buffet restaurant at Gold Coast was decent. I doubt we would have eaten there had we not received the free vouchers but it was good. It doesn't compare to Spice Market Buffet at Planet Hollywood or the buffet at Treasure Island but it was good - no complaints.The free shuttle to the Strip was handy. It runs from 9am to 12:30am and we never waited more than 10 minutes to catch it. This really eased the fact that the hotel is off strip. You could walk to the stip in 30 mins or so but it would be a boring walk as there isn't much between the hotel and the strip except the highway.All in all I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a nice place to stay at a great price. I will definitely stay here again.	
Mar 16 2009 	Excellent value for Las Vegas	I got an excellent rate for this place, especially considering that our stay included a weekend, and wasn't expecting anything amazing but was pleasantly surprised. I paid the bit extra for a refurbished room and it was very nice. We had a car and for this reason decided to stay off-strip (not big drinkers!) No problem at all with parking and when visiting the strip we just parked in one of the casino car parks there. The Gold Coast itself has a bowling alley which is great fun and soo cheap and I can also vouch for the smaller Chinese restaurant and the buffet being excellent value for money with lovely food: We actually preferred this buffet to the one at the Bellagio! The Rio is within walking distance which is very handy if you're going to see Penn &amp; Teller as we did. I would recommend the Gold Coast to anyone who doesn't mind staying off-strip, it's great!	
Mar 15 2009 	Nice Place	We stayed here December 31, 2008 - January 2, 2009. We were surprised to find a room for new year's eve on short notice, however they (as did the other hotels in Vegas, no matter what their condition) had a much higher rate for that night.We'd stayed here before and like the location as well as the casino. They've made some upgrades (flat screen TV) and now all the Coast locations have a TGI Fridays, which is convenient. The room we stayed in is your standard hotel room: bed, bathroom, TV, dresser. The casino paid out fairly well, just learn to stop playing or you give your money back! They do offer good rates here, and we were able to walk to the Strip on new year's eve so it's not that far from the action.	
Mar 10 2009 	You won't be disappointed...go with newly renovated rooms!	We stayed at the Gold Coast Hotel and Casino for 3 nights. We were in Vegas to celebrate my husband's 40th birthday. The hotel was a pleasant surprise...very well laid out and clean. We booked through Expedia.com and got a fabulous deal at just under $60 for 3 nights. The Expedia site had been down for service and a savings code was posted to use giving us an additional $20 off the price. Check in was quick and easy...Upon opening the door to our room we were pleasantly surprised to see such a well appointed clean room...no smell of smoke what so ever. The bed was just like ours at home...we are guessing it was a Beautyrest mattresse. We love our king size bed and so this was just like home.Lots of room in the armoire for clothes...ample amount of hangers and an ironing table and iron were provided. Coffee maker was located in the bathroom. Table and chairs in the room were perfect for that morning cup of java.The bathroom was clean and lots of hot water flowed from the shower head. Towels were fluffy and soft and crisp white. Toiletries were also available for use...I prefer my own brands but my husband used the bar soap and said it was fine.The buffet restaurants were very tasty...we did not eat at any of the other restaurants except for TGIF...it was average. Entertainement was very cruise like but nonetheless it was a great addition to the hotel.We did not gamble here but many were. We did not like the smoke filled casino areas since we are quite sensitive to cigarette smoke. In the early mornings and afternoons there was much less smoke...the evenings were terribly smoky.I would highly recommend anyone going to Vegas looking for a place to stay off strip that's not too far from Las Vegas Blvd. to consider this location. You will not be disappointed :)Happy Travelspanabrite :)	
Mar 8 2009 	Better then I thought it was going to be	Stayed at the Gold Coast in mid February for work. Stayed in one of the updated rooms. It was very nice, but the bathroom was a little strange. There is no tub, which is o.k., but the shower had no door on it. There was a 1/2 glass wall down by the shower head, but nothing to cover the rest of the shower. My best suggestion to you is to turn up the heat in the room, close the bathroom door (which slides closed) and don't open the door until you are done with your shower and have something on. Otherwise you will be cold as soon as you shut off the hot water in the shower. Make sure you have the bath mat on the floor, because the water will go all over the floor. Check in went well for me, but not for the others that were with me. The lady that checked me in was very nice, she offered me a cheaper room, and in exchange would give me a $15 food voucher for each day. When I said no, she was fine with it. But when my friends where checked in by someone else, and they turned down the offer the lady that was checking them got all upset and became very nasty with them. Check out was a little different, the day of checkout I was sick, I called down and asked for a late checkout. The lady that answered the phone didn't skip a beat, she said you have one extra hour, that is it. I came down at 1:00 p.m. and got in line to check out. It took over an hour to do so. They do not have just one area for checkout like most hotels in vegas. But all in all My trip was very good, and I would stay at the Gold Coast again. So if you have any thoughts on not staying because it is off the strip and older don't worry about it. As long as you get an updated room it is a good place to stay.	
Feb 25 2009 	Nice and Comfy	The hotel price is great but customer service needs a little bit improvement. Slots were very loose, won several payoffs.	
Feb 23 2009 	Very Nice Place to Stay	I've stayed at this hotel twice, once in 2007, then again in 2008. The rooms are nice and clean and big enough, the beds are comfy, the staff is helpful, and the restaurants and casinos are great! It's not the typical glitzy Las Vegas stop, but it's a great value. I would definitely stay there again and again!	
Feb 15 2009 	Best NFR ever!	It has been a few years since I stayed at the Gold Coast, but I doubt anything has changed &amp; I recentely stumbled on Trip Advisor.I always stay somewhere different during NFR, but I booked way ahead (a year in advance) and got the Gold Coast (normally it is sold out during the NFR).The Gold Coast was by far...AWESOME! The bartenders were so nice, it felt like home! The rooms were clean and I never had any issues with getting towels or anything!The food was really good, and the shuttle to the strip was very useful.The prices at the bar were half what the strip was, so I considered the hotel a huge bargain.I picked the Gold Coast as it used to be the hang out during the NFR (buckle go rounds) and I have heard that doesn't happen there anymore (at the hotel)?	
Feb 6 2009 	Always A Good Experience	Just returned from a stay lasting from February 1st through the 5th. Hit a little bump with the agreed-on price but it was corrected without any problem. Recommend you make notes and get names when you get confirmation numbers. Also dates of conversations. We made reservations on the 31st of December at $64 per room. Then I found on their site at $56, called and had it confirmed. And then, for like a day, they had a price at $36, which was confirmed. The problem is that you are talking to a central booking person, not the desk person! Another bump was the new TGIF. They haven't gotten their act together yet and the service is okay but it takes forever to get the food out. Since this is the only restaurant for breakfast you're kind of a captive audience. We used to eat only at the Courtyard Cafe but its only open from 1AM to 6AM. This is when we started using the buffet. The problem with me is that its all so good that I eat too much and have a problem leaning over the craps table. We checked in for two rooms, my 90 year old mother-in-law too, with no problem about 12 noon. Tables were evil and lost more than I wanted, as usual. Dealers and pit personnel were great, as usual. Ate at the buffet a couple of times on a slot special for age 50+. Had a great dinner at the Cortez Steak Restaurant and also had tickets to see KA at the MGM(great show). All-in-all a pleasent time by all. My son and his girl friend also came in for a couple of days and my sister-in-law and her husband came over from the Paris Hotel for a visit for dinner and gambling. This is probably our 8th visit to the GC, and 15th overall visit to LV, and we have never been disappointed. Yes, its a mile from the Strip. Yes, its mostly older couples and locals. Yes, the bathroom is small(except for the newly remodeled premium rooms). Yes, there's not a lot of bling and bright sparkle. But, knowing this going in, you should not be disappointed and you will enjoy your stay at a very resonable price. If its your first visit to Las Vegas, I would not recommend it as your first experience. But, if you've been here a number of times then I do recommend you give it a try.	
Feb 5 2009 	ALOT better than expected	well, in September my bf and i stayed at the wynn, which was just excellent, so when we booked to the gold cost for new years we were very very apprehensive, however i have to say that the hotel was really good!!this shall be a short review..good- room upgrade just 10$ per day, check in FAST, CLEAN comfy bed and room, the room was modern and nice, the casino was big and had $5 BJ all day (2 tables) and it was not that busy bad- far from the strip (they do provide a shuttle, THE BATHROOM DOORS slide (wired), the room only had a shower and teh shower head had to pressure over all i give this hotel a good rating because it was very cheap for new years, clean with very helpful staff and an over all GREAT DEAL	
Jan 26 2009 	Good option but keep an eye on the billing	Just got back from a stay at the Gold Coast. I had gambled at the casino a few times in the past, and this was my first stay there. The rooms were a bit older, but clean and functional. It was certainly easy and convenient to get in and out, unlike the gargantuan casinos on the strip. And you always have low limit tables available, even on weekend nights. The only downside was that upon checkout, they tried to charge me an incorrect amount for the room. When you book online, the confirmation E-mail does not show the nightly rate, and I never saw anything at check-in showing my rate (my fault for not asking). The desk clerk was pretty abrupt and rude about it, and when I asked to speak to a manager, I was told that there wasn't one on duty until 11AM (pretty surprising for a Sunday). She eventually fixed the charge because she &quot;didn't feel like arguing&quot;. So that was really the only sour note on a pretty good stay.	
Jan 25 2009 	For a budget hotel to rest your head Gold Coast is fine	For many Vegas visitors, a hotel room is nothing more than a place to sleep and bathe for one or two nights while they gamble and/or enjoy shows. Other visitors may expect the hotel to be a place that offers an extra-comfortable respite from the action, good meals, extraordinary service, and amenities that help enhance your time there. If you are the latter visitor, do not bother with the Gold Coast. But if you are the former, then the Gold Coast should work fine. We stayed mid-week in December in a &quot;premium&quot; room for $57(total $63 including tax and so-called &quot;resort fee&quot;). The room is clean, about 400 sq. feet and has been updated with a flat screen tv, a fancier bathroom(shower only, no tub), and nicer looking sheets. Still, under it all, this is simply a budget hotel for those that want to be out of the room way more than in it. The pool is small(it was closed for the winter though) and the restaurants run from fast-food style to middle-of-the-road, such as T.G.I.F.. There is an ice cream parlor and bowling alley as well. The casino is mid-sized and nothing spectacular. The hotel location is off the strip so best if you have a car when staying here. Overall, stay here if service, luxury, and lots-of-amenties is NOT important to you. THis is a budget place to rest your head and gamble, nothing more but decent enough to not be less.	
Jan 6 2009 	Good value	We got a great deal for this place - which worked out great as a stop over on our way from LA to the Grand Canyon. It's not the smartest. most chic place, but for the money we paid we weren't complaining!	
Jan 2 2009 	Great Stay for the New Year	We arrived at the Gold Coast on our second day in LV after a terrible stay in another hotel. This was heaven and at the same price as the other place. We are avid walkers/runners so made our way to the Strip several times a day and took the shuttle when it suited us. The shuttle was always there, with an option to visit the sister hotel at New Orleans. We were told it went to the Suncoast but the driver informed us that this service was now only available from the Tropicana so we never got there. We enjoyed returning at the end of each day to our comfortable hotel with less craziness than the places we visited on the strip. We enjoyed our morning coffee in the room and rarely ate meals at our hotel. I did get a free meal off my players card and it was excellent. The Gold Coast was a great &quot;hub&quot; for us: a short jaunt to the Strip, yet far enough away to be a bit quiter. The bridge over the I-15 was a popular unobstructed view of the fireworks....sometimes hard to find in Vegas. We would definitely return.	
Jan 2 2009 	Had a great time @ Gold Coast	Stayed at the Gold Coast the week before Christmas, Monday - Friday. Got a great Winter deal on their website, stay 3 nights get the 4th night free with $20 slot or table play and $20 restaurant credit. It was easy to reserve the room online. The deal was $25 a night but we &quot;upgraded&quot; to the newer, recently remodeled room for a whopping $32 a night. Honestly, we paid more for airfare from Seattle than we paid for the room. A great deal. LV is hurting for tourists, and they really want to encourage business.When we checked in, we were greeted by the woman who previous reviewers must have been referring to--the very business-like, bordering very closely to rude, barely smiling desk clerk. When I brought up the $20 slot play and restaurant credit, she didn't look up as she typed away at the keyboard and tried to act like she didn't know what I was referring to. She said that that was NOT noted on our reservation and that we were supposed to call the hotel directly and set that up at the time of reservation. We used the hotel online reservation system, and there was nothing that mentioned the need to call directly. That being said, she did give us the credit for both.I asked for the highest floor possible, since that's always the best way to avoid hearing street noise in any hotel. We got a room on the 9th floor and it was very clean except for there was some toilet paper in the toilet when we got there. The room itself was very clean and we tipped the maids accordingly. The towels are super cheap (thin) and the ice bucket is just a plastic bucket, both reminiscent of Motel 6. It's true that there isn't a comforter of any type on the bed, just a thin blanket underneath a sheet. I asked for a blanket at the front desk the next day and a warm, thick blanket was delivered promptly to the room, so don't hesitate to ask for one if you are cold.The shuttle to the Strip was very convenient and easy. For us, the big highlight of the hotel is the $1.25 hot dog stand by the sports betting area and the $1.00 bowling and $1.00 shoes, $1.00 domestic beer after Midnight in the in-casino bowling alley. Fun, cheap entertainment. Definitely geared towards older visitors (not 20-somethings), there's a &quot;$3.99 breakfast&quot; advertised on the marquee outside for TGIFridays, but if you go there, you have to mention it, because it's not on their regular menu. The breakfast buffet was ok, but not fabulous. The best part was the huge dessert area with cakes and pastries. Order the &quot;eggs your way&quot; and look for 2 different areas for bacon, one side was crispier than the other. There's also a Chinese restaurant that has dim sum and lunch specials, a Seattle's Best coffee place and an ice cream shop.Lost the $20 slot play credit fairly quickly. I can't say that their slots are any &quot;looser&quot; than anyplace else. The Star Wars game across the way at The Palms (run across the street for a slightly better lunch buffet) was fun (newer slots) and payed out pretty well. There seems to be a fair amount of advertising for this hotel as &quot;where the locals come to play&quot; and it's definitely not as &quot;blingy&quot; and huge and new as anything on the strip, but if you need an inexpensive, low-key place to stay in Las Vegas, stay here.We asked the Bell Clerk to reserve a rental car for us, and the company picked us up, the day after the biggest snow storm in LV in 30 years, and brought us back the next day after we returned the car. They also gave us the number of a shuttle that would take us to the airport for $8.00 each, which was a lot cheaper than the $30 taxi ride that we took to the hotel on Monday. If you need to get away from the crazy city, drive less than 45 minutes away to the Valley of Fire State Park. It was awesome.	
Jan 1 2009	Nice stay	stayed at the Gold Coast just after Christmas,the hotel and the casino are very good.free shuttle to the strip,next to the RIO.the only negative thing was the smallness of the bathroom in the standard room,other than that it was a enjoyable stay	
Dec 29 2008 	go to gold coast	Stayed at gold coast from 17th dec till 24th dec 2008.Travel to vegas 3 or 4 times per year usually stay at orleans but was sold out so stayed at sister hotel .Excellent choice will now stay at gold coast in future.Located just of the strip can walk to ceasers in 10 mins,but they run a shuttle bus to strip from 09.00 till 00.30.Shuttle is free of charge.Single traveller so was booked into kingsize non smoking .Room was recently renovated and was really nice.Only one complaint no safe i room but safety deposit box free of charge at cashiers bank.Buffet as usual 1st class.Breakfast buffet $6,Lunch buffet $8 and dinner buffet $12.Have eaten dinner at rio $25,planet hollywood $28 and luxor $26 and gold coat is as good as any of them for less than half-price.Got the hotel for 7 nights with expedia for £120 an absolute bargain.Am planning to go to vegas again in march and june and will be staying at gold coast.	
Nov 24 2008 	Not so GOLDen	My boyfriend and I have just returned home from a weekend in las vegas. We stayed at the Gold Coast Casino and Hotel located on Flamingo next to the RIO and across from the Palms. It was an excellent location since we were using Interstate 15 to go everywhere and the hotel is only 3 stoplights away from the on ramp. And there was easy access from parking to the casino and easy access to the RIO and PALMS. We booked our trip on the Gold Coast's website and got a good deal- $59 newly renovated premium room, $20 free food credit anywhere at the GC, and $20 free slot play. we made sure to check reviews and saw mostly positive reviews so we decided to give it a try.We arrived Friday around 7pm to check in. This is where our excitement turned to disappointment quickly. The lady who checked us in was very unfriendly and just greeted us with a &quot;CAN I HELP YOU?&quot; After checking us in she told us to sign the transaction. My bf asked how much was being charged to his account and she was very vague about it. He asked again and she snapped back an answer that didn't help us at all. We had to ask her two more times before being told our room required $100 security deposit plus a resort fee. On their website, they do not clearly state the 100 security. She then handed us an envelope with two hotel keys and said thank you. She did not even tell us how to redeem our free slot play or free food credit and didnt even tell us our room number or how to get to the hotel rooms! Our room was at the VERY end of the hall on the eighth floor...a pretty lengthy walk with no alternative elevators or stairs to use. There was room service dishes outside of our room as we got there and had to push it down the hall when it was STILL in front of our room 8 hours later! The room itself was small but nice. My bf and I enjoyed the window in the shower area that opened to get fresh air. The shower was chalky looking on the floor though so I wore my flip flops every time I showered. The walls are pretty thin, I could hear a drunk man 11 rooms down talking to his friend! I could also hear the people next to us but easily drowned them out with the tv. I really enjoyed the shampoos and conditioners though, and they stocked us generously with them. The bed was VERY comfortable (i wish there was a comforter though...it was only sheets) and the tv was a good size! All in all, it was an OK place to stay for 59 a night with free food credit and free slot play. The slots were pretty loose there though. We ended up profiting from the free slot play. However, if there were none of those incentives, I would have cancelled our stay and gone over to the new Station Hotel, Aliante in N.Las Vegas. Also, my bf and I are in our mid twenties and would definitely NOT recommend this hotel for travelers our age. We would also NOT recommend the buffet, Ports O Call. The food was cold, hard, and old. We suggest trying out the Las Vegas Hilton on Paradise. They had some spacious, newly renovated rooms that are affordable with a modern edge. :)	
Nov 10 2008 	Loved the Gold Coast - Loved Las Vegas	I have just returned from a week at the Gold Coast Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas. It was excellent. The staff at the hotel were polite and could not do enough for you. For a low budget hotel it was superb. Our room was cleaned every day to an excellent standard. The restaurants in the hotel were a good range with the Ports of Call Buffet being excellent value at all times with plenty of choice, in fact too much choice. The shuttle bus from outside the hotel was a bonus and you were at the strip in 5 minutes. It ran from 9.15 to 12.30 a.m. and came every 15 minutes or so. I visited the hairdresser in the hotel and everyone was so friendly and they took great care of you. When returning to Las Vegas, and I will, I would not hesitate in booking the Gold Coast again. The hotels on the strip are a sight to see, but for comfort and a smaller hotel, the Gold Coast is the place to book.	
Nov 2 2008	Much Better Choices	Good location - next to Rio was nice. There are better choices though for the same price. Rooms were inexpensive, but if you are looking for something like that stay at the Orleans - much nicer there. Shuttle was a nice convenience. No safe in the room which is pretty standard, especially in Vegas. If the goal is to stay in Vegas cheaply, don't pick this hotel, but the Orleans.	
Oct 29 2008 	slots fantastic	My 3rd stay at gold coast and same excellent value.Was given newly refurbished room and bathroom was an improvement as now has walk in shower. No problem with being off the strip as shuttle service every 10-15 mins, I prefer to stay here as get my pick of slots compared to strip as everywhere packed at weekends, would recommend a trip to Sams Town which is another Boyd Gaming Casino, shuttle picks up just behind where you get dropped off at Bill's.My partner was disappointed Captain Charlie's Oyster Bar was closed but was impressed with seafood buffet (Friday Evenings) and also Noodle Exchange,.Pool area although small was very good and never got crowded even at weekends.I would recommend this hotel to anyone who has seen the Strip several times and looking for good clean accommodation at a good price.Have a great stay!!	
Oct 27 2008 	Better than expected stay	Stayed at Gold Coast for one night (Saturday night). I was a little apprehensive because I really hadn't heard much about this place, but the rates were reasonable and it was only for one night. I was pleasantly surprised at how nice it was. Check in was a breeze, very friendly at front desk. The room had apparently been renovated, it had a new plasma TV and the carpet looked new as well. Very, very CLEAN which is a major consideration for me. There really wasn't too much of a smoky smell in corridors or casino either. We ate at the Ping Pang Pong restaurant downstairs and thought it was very tasty and reasonable. Beer was $3, which we though was pretty good.	
Oct 27 2008 	Daily "Resort Fee" now Charged	Spent 2 nights at the Gold Coast this month and I'd say it's a middle of the road choice. Front desk employees were surly and apparently bored by having to wait on customers. The casino certainly appeals to an older clientele than what you find on the Strip.The room I had wasn't one of the refurbished ones so the carpet had burn holes in it and the shower/toilet room is teeny-tiny. But the room was very clean. Stayed at the Gold Coast as I was there for work. I struggled to find more than the one outlet by the work table to plug my laptop and chargers in.The A/C worked well in the room, although the hallways aren't kept cooled so it's steamy walking to your room. I ate at the Noodle Exchange one night and it was delicious and the employees were great there.As an FYI the signs at the front desk all announce that starting in October there is a daily &quot;resort&quot; fee added to all rooms.I've stayed in at least 5 other Vegas hotels and I wouldn't choose the Gold Coast again--not because of anything terrible--it's just a blah hotel.	
Oct 26 2008 	Great Hotel in Great Location	My boyfriend and I stayed here for a week in Feb 2007. We were delighted, had a room with a view, massive bed, 32&quot; plasma TV, bedroom was very spacious with a walk in wardrobe and decent bathroom. The shuttle to the strip is brill, we only got a taxi on one occasion. Everything here is way cheaper than anywhere on the strip, there is a great variety of food and drinks. We got some free vouchers on arrival also. Could not fault this hotel and i am looking forward to going back there in March 09.	
Oct 25 2008 	The 18 Carrat God Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Gold Coast in September 2009. We have visited Vegas six times and this was the first time we have stayed off the strip. All I can say is this hotel is as good as any on the strip. When checking in ask for a renovated room we did and our room was amazing the bathroom was small but it had the best shower I have ever had.The beds are very comfy and the decor is as good as the MGM. The buffet has lots of choice and is really cheap.The drinks at the bar are are around $3 which is less then the $7 plus they charge on the strip.There is a selection of Chinese Japanese T G I Fridays, Ice Cream and Coffee shops which are all worth visit. The pool area is small but clean with plenty of sunbeds and a nice place to chill after hitting the shops.There is a mini bus which drops you outside Bills Gambling Hall right in the middle of the strip,so no need for taxis as the last one is 12.30.The hotel has two entrances one is across the road from the Palms and the other is across from the road from the Reo so plenty of entertainment all round. This hotel is a hidden Gem well worth a visit.	
Oct 23 2008 	Phenomenal value good location	Stayed for a week early September, paid the extra for one of the refurbed rooms. I don't have a bad word to say about the place. Its exceptional value, clean and the staff were all friendly.I ate at PingPangPong and Noodle Exchange, both were good and a welcome change from standard Vegas food. Really liked the squab! lettuce cups in PPP.The gym was small, but adequate, and there's no resort fee tacked on, which is a bonus these days. You couldn't really use the pool for anything other than cooling off, don't come here if you want to get the laps in.Being off strip didn't matter whatsoever, the shuttles were frequent (I never waited more than 10 minutes) and dropped you off by Bills. Staying at the south end, it would actually take longer to get to the action than staying at Gold coast. Miss the last one at 00:30 and it's only a few bucks in a cab.Maybe the aircon unit would keep some people awake, it was kinda loud, but didn't affect me.The poker room is tiny, but good action and a lot of fun. Dealers all very competent, one girl was RIDICULOUSLY fast, took pride in it which is always good.Highly recommended, will definitely be back.	
Oct 12 2008 	Don't Stay Here	Our bath/vanity/toilet area were so small and cramped, it was like showering in a travel trailer. We had to remain standing in the tub to dry off it was so small. Could not get the air conditioning to cool the room. Casino downstairs was also boiling hot. Three restaurants owned by Asians. One too expensive, Ping Pang Pong had circulating carts with food on them but no one spoke English so we couldn't figure out how much something was or what it was. The Cafe also run by same group, horrified to find out that the coffee was 2.29, same for ice tea and soda. So for any meal add $5 just for your non-alcoholic drinks. I've never seen prices like that. If our group uses same facility again, we will not sleep there, we'll walk across the street to the Rio or Palms. Tried to go swimming one night, pool supposed to remain open till 9pm, they closed it at 730pm. Overall a miserable experience.	
Oct 11 2008 	very good hotel for the price	booked the gold coast online from hotel.com it was so cheap we upgraded to the premier room at a cost of less than £30 a night on average(cheaper weekdays dearer weekends).the room was very spacious the king size bed was enormous, large plasma T.V.,nice walkin shower, the maid kept the room very clean and well stocked with towels ,toilet rolls, etc.the food at the hotel was quite good with a choice of buffet ,chinese/japanese and a steakhouse,they where also building a TGI fridays inside the hotel.the pool was small but clean.im not much of a gambler but i tried my hand at roulette and blackjack and the dealers where very friendly.they also had a bingo hall in the hotel(the only one in the area) which i played a few times as the prizes where quite big,a little warning for the brits the bingo is quite different to what we have in the u.k. but with a little help from a friendly old lady we manged to pick it up o.k.. the hotel is about 3/4 of a mile from the strip ,but there are shuttle buses about every 20 minutes that drop you at the strip,they stop running at 00.30 am and start at 9.30 am this might be a problem for clubbers but the money you save on the rooms food and drink over staying at a strip hotel will easily pay for taxis.also the gold coast is directly oposite the palms where brittany ,paris hilton and a lot of other celebs go and you can walk there.the shuttle sounds like a problem but you are actually closer to the centre of the strip than some better know hotels like circus circus and the mandalay bay. there are no real down sides to the gold coast except that it isnt as up market as the strip hotels but you can still go and visit ceasers palace or balagios and with the money you have saved go and watch some of the great shows (love was my favourite).	
Oct 1 2008 	Great Bargain off the Strip	Stayed at the Gold Coast Hotel for 4 nights at the end of September. I honestly have to say, this is a great bargain off the strip and I'd recommend it to friends. The premium rooms are worth the extra money. We had a reservation for one of the recently renovated premium rooms, but did not get it our first night since we didn't get in until 1230 am. They were able to get us into a premium room for the next 3 nights though. The standard rooms definitely need updating, but the premium rooms are awesome.We ate at the breakfast buffet all 4 mornings. It's an incredible bargain at 5.95 (which includes drink). The lunch buffet was a little dissapointing though, while the Friday night Seafood Buffet was very good. Ping Pang Pong was OK (kind of an eclectic menu), but the Noodle Exchange was very good.The shuttle service was outstanding. We never waited more than 10 minutes for a shuttle to the strip. They actually have 2 shuttles, 1 that runs back and from from Gold Coast to Bills on the Strip, and another that makes a loop to their sister property the Orleans, then Bills, then back to Gold Coast.Most black jack table games were $5, and most were double deck. Only 2 shoe 6-deck tables, and just a couple $25 tables. Slots were pretty loose. We ended up making money on the slots, and my brother's spouse won $250 on the Wheel of Fortune slots.Overall, this was a pleasant experience just off the strip. Staff were friendly, the breakfast buffet was an awesome bargain, and I'd definitely stay here again. You won't get the glitz and glam of the strip, but you also don't get the hubub, and you get a great value for your money.	
Sep 20 2008 	Gold Cost is a great value	Is saying off strip an idea you have considered? If not, you might think again. Our stay at the Gold Coast in August was great. The Gold Coast isn' t the high end glitz of the strip, but it did offer newly renovated rooms, great gambling and good food.The staff at the Gold Coast is among the most friendly I have experienced. Checking in was quick and painless. I was in a remodeled room. The rooms are modest in size, but tasteful and had large flat panel TV. The only negative was the scarcity of hot water, but this was not a big issue. There was an ice machine and vending machines nearby. The walk to the elevators was a short one. There was very minor construction noise, but only during the day.We ate breakfast at the Ports of Call buffet on more than one occassion. The food is good, albeit the standard fare at many Las Vegas buffets. If you have a players card, the breakfast is only about $9.00. I have to admit I was a little surprised at how inexpensive it was! Ping Pang Pong sounded so hilarious to us that we had to try it. As it turns out, the food at this restaurant is surprisingly good and quite authentic. The place was very busy for some great reasons.The gift shop at the east end of the hotel is a wonderful convenience. They have a great selection of alcohol. Beer, wine and liquor are available and at better prices than I can get at home! This is a great idea for having a drink and relaxing in your room without making a special trip to a liquor store.Gambling at he Gold Coast is much more affordable than the strip. There are the standard table games and a big variety of slots. Low table limits are easily found here. Some blackjack tables are as low as $5.00 per hand and there were two non-smoking tables available during our stay.Access to the strip is simple using the free shuttles that the hotel provides. These run about every 20 minutes and go to the strip or the Orleans. Cabs are easliy had and fares are very low to get to the strip.Overall, the Gold Coast the best &quot;bang for the buck&quot; I have found to date. Suffice to say that we will be visiting there again.	
Sep 18 2008 	Loved the Gold Coast	Great hotel!! The rooms were well-appointed and extremely clean. The front desk staff were extremely helpful and were very professional. Check-in and check-out were a breeze!!The hotel has a nice, clean casino and is right next door to the Palms and the Rio. Great location!!It was a 5-minute drive to the center of the Las Vegas strip, near the Bellagio and Caesar's Palace. With ample free parking at any of the strip casinos, why stay on the strip and by double what it costs to stay at the Gold Coast. Save your money, rent a car, and use it to see the other attractions that the area has to offer. Red Rock Canyon was nice. Valley of Fire Park is a must-see!!	
Sep 9 2008 	Love it	We booked our airfare and hotel through Allegiant Airlines as a package deal. We knew were getting a standard room at the Gold Coast, but it was a great deal. When we arrived, which was after 7PM I asked the front desk clerk if they had any complimentary room upgrades to the newly renovated premium rooms(which are very nice). She indicated that there were none of those rooms available, but would we like a suite? OH BOY, it was very very nice. It had a beautiful living room with large flat panel TV, bar, mini fridge, dining table and chairs, large comfy sofa, arm chair, end table, coffee table, etc. The bedroom was in a seperate room with a door in between and a nice bathroom with granite floor and counter top area. Overall, we had no complaints at all. The buffet was average, but you can always find something to eat you like. I would stay here again in a heartbeat!!! Staff is friendly.	
Sep 5 2008 	Off strip getaway	I had been in Vegas several times and wanted try one of the off strip places for a change so having read about the newly refurbished rooms decided to give it a go.Got a great rate for the holiday weekend and the rooms were excellent value for money. I don't know what the older rooms are like but the new ones are absolutely fine, albeit a little smaller than others I have stayed in,with the remodelled bathroom having a walk in shower rather than a tub.It doesn't have the choice of restaurants that some others do but will be improved by the opening of a new TGI Friday soon. Buffet was ok and very cheap.The casino was ok and there were a few bars to sit in and relax with prices way lower than the hotels on strip.The bowling alley was excellent with special $5 pitchers of beer late in the evening.All in all a great experience which prompted me to extend my stay and try their sister property the Orleans,(see separate review.)	
Aug 27 2008 	Nice slower paced hotel	We really enjoyed our stay at the Gold Coast and would recommend it to those not into the glitz, glamour and high prices of the strip.We got a renovated room, which was very nice, clean and spa-like. The bathroom was spacious with a nice glass shower and large counter. The room had a modern design and flat screen TV. Would definitely recommend getting a renovated room.Didn't spend much time in the casino, but they all look the same to me so I didn't see a big difference between the Gold Coast casino and those on the strip. But, big gamblers might disagree.The restaurants were a pretty good value. Ate at the buffet almost daily, which had a huge selection of food and numerous desserts too! It was about $6 for breakfast. A TGI Friday's is opening in September.There was a shuttle that went to The Orleans and also to Bill's on the strip. It was very convenient and the waits were never longer than 10 minutes, usually less.The hotel pool was small, but never crowded. There were usually a few sunbathers around the pool, and maybe one or two in the water. It was a nice quiet spot to relax.After spending long, hot days on the strip in big crowds it was nice to come back to the Gold Coast. Would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 11 2008 	Exceeded My Modest Expectations	Just returned from a 2-night Sat-Mon stay at the Gold Coast. I visit Las Vegas at least 3x a year and usually like to stay at the luxury resorts on the Strip or the Red Rock offstrip. But a Vegas resident friend called at the last minute with concert tickets, and she offered to arrange a comped room for me at the Gold Coast to lure me to join her for the concert. I had been to the Gold Coast casino and had eaten at one of their restaurants (now closed) a few times. I wasn't impressed. But I didn't want to pay for both last minute airfare and a pricey weekend rate at any of my usual haunts, so I decided to to suck it up and take the offer. After looking at some pics and reading the reviews here, I did ask if she could try to get me one of the redesigned &quot;premium&quot; rooms, which she did. There was a bit of a line at check-in and there were only two agents handling the lobby desk. Both were super-efficient and handled the four groups ahead of me in short order. Wait time was less than 5 minutes. The woman who checked me in was smiling and informative as well as quick. Kudos--this is rare in the Vegas resorts I have recently visited. Those high end hotel employees should take hospitality lessons from the Gold Coast front desk clerks. As promised I was given one of the &quot;new rooms&quot; on the 9th floor (odd number room in the x30 numbered wing) facing the Palms looking south down the strip. I did look out over the rooftop equipment, but at night it was a pretty view.  The room is smaller than those at the newer Vegas properties. But I give big props to the premium room designer. It is apparent that the decor budget was meager, but he/she did a thoughtful job creating the illusion of space, and giving the room a peaceful, modern, feng shui feel. The carpet, window treatments (yes really), upholstery, wallpaper and furnishings are sleek and cool without being cold. Finishes on furniture and doors are dark wood on white walls with stainless steel accents. The elements of air, earth, fire and water and the balanced placement of furnishings and decoration create a serene feeling.  There is a large LCD HDTV, an armoire with deep drawers and a small closet, a desk, sideboard, and two bedtables. While the materials and furniture are obviously economy brands, they are visually appealing. The bathroom that many complained about on this site has been cleverly redesigned to maximize space. A sliding panel serves as a door to the bathroom and sink area. The door that used to separate the sink area from the toilet and shower has been removed. A partially glassed - partially open shower has been installed in place of the old tub/shower combo. You can still open the little window to let out steam and let some fresh air in. There is adequate counter space, although the coffee pot tray takes up some of it. (Nice to have the coffeemaker, although it is one of those one cup deals.)  The bed was comfortable. Instead of a bedspread, a blanket is encased between two white patterned sheets. Again an inexpensive practical design choice, but the simplicity worked with the room decor, and more sanitary than those scary hotel bedspreads we've all heard about. I think the mattress was new. The A/C is an old fashioned wall type unit controlled by a digital read thermostat, but it worked well, and I like a room colder than most can handle, so that is saying something in August in Vegas. Being in this room was pleasant and relaxing. I was by myself, and I wonder if I'd have been as comfortable if someone other than a close family member was sharing it with me. I think not. It is a small room even though it doesn't look it. There are some things I'd add or change: There is no full length mirror. There is no in-room safe, which caused me to decline housekeeping services since I had cash, jewelry and electronics. There is no in-room hotel guide showing the property's amenities, restaurants, lounges etc. and no room service. There are no usable electrical outlets by the desk or night tables. Both open outlets were on walls that required you to leave your phone recharging on the floor or the window sill above the AC. This is picky, but as nice as almost everything was in these sleek, modern new rooms, the plastic and styrofoam cups, the ugly old phone and the plastic dimestore wastebasket kind of stood out as Motel 6 cheap and cheesy. I enjoyed playing in the casino but it was disturbingly dead for a weekend.  The breakfasts I had at the cafe on Saturday and the Sunday brunch buffet weren't too good, and dinner at the Cortez Room was disappointing--the food and service was substandard although the dining room is a nice atmosphere. The food at the Noodle Exchange was good. TGIFridays will open there soon and they do need something like that. With the exception of the staff at the Cortez, I found every other employee I came in contact with to be warm and friendly as well as efficient, including desk personnel, housekeeping (who gave me stuff even though I didn't have them clean the room), casino staff, cocktail servers, bartenders, restaurant waitstaff and security. I really enjoyed my short stay much to my surprise. While it doesn't pretend to be a luxury vacation destination, at the current rack rate of $100 a night on weekends, the &quot;premium&quot; rooms may be the best value I've seen in today's Las Vegas.  I recommend GC for the discriminating budget traveler, and if I need an inexpensive Las Vegas room, it is the first place I'll call.	
Jul 7 2008 	Great Value	The Gold Coast is great value and is really close to the strip. I don't think it was even a mile. We walked to the strip a few times, which is just about as quick as waiting for the bus etc. The bathrooms are tiny and need renovating, but who cares at the price. The room was very clean and staff were helpful. Save money on a cheap hotel and you can go out for dinner some where nice instead!	
Jul 5 2008 	Boycott Gold Coast 	I have been a 20+ year customer and this former home away from home for me has been completely ruined by Boyd Gaming. The restaurants that I have enjoyed have all closed. All my favorite employees have left for greener pastures. I am surprised how many long-time employees have all of a sudden departed. Prices have skyrocketed and are rediculous. This hotel is not worth more than $50/night. Management seems to have no clue what is going on especially in this depressed economy. Forget it. You'll never see me again. I might as well stay on the Strip, prices are the same and all the great Gold Coast employees are working there anyway.	
Jul 2 2008 	Gold Coast is only OK	This is really a hotel for the older set. The rooms were pretty good, but nothing to brag about. The worst thing here is the on-site restaurant. If you ate anything by the steak or prime rib special the food was mediocre at best. Fried chicken tasted like Banquet frozen chicken. People were nice and friendly, but I think I will stay elsewhere next visit.	
Jun 23 2008 	Could be better	On our four previous visits we have stayed at the Gold Coasts Sister hotel, the Orleans.In comparison to the Orleans, the Gold coast in just not in the same league. The rooms are no where near as luxurious or as well maintained. The hotel is in the process of being upgraded, that is not much comfort when you have paid for a room that has not yet been upgraded. That said, the room was clean and comfortable, the buffet extensive and reasonably priced.However, the staff are friendly and helpful, especially the bell hops and valet car parkers.We booked our room at the last minute, so all in all, it wasn’t a bad deal.	
Jun 1 2008 	Decent Budget Hotel	I always try to do my homework on hotels. Trip advisor is my bible! Anyway as always we were on a budget and so I wanted best that my limited cash could buy.This hotel is very near strip and major casino's. No more than $10 for cab and that includes tip. If you want to take your life in your hands you could spend 15 minutes walking.....The rooms were very clean and the beds were massive and comfy. The bathrooms were tiny.BUT my argument is this...hotels tend to be more of a base, somewhere to sleep and so as long as it is clean and comfy does anything else like size of tv or bathroom really matter?For a budget this hotel ticked most of the boxes..as we spent alot of our time on the Strip.There is a tidy and pleasant pool area.The Chinese restuarant gets good reviews and we had no complaints.In Summer of this year a TGI Fridays will be opening in the Hotel.You really do (in my opinion) get what you pay for.Budget hotel, budget facilities.The food in the buffet area is cheap and plentiful BUT as I said you get what you pay for.For breakfast you pay only $6.....Go to Wynn or Bellagio and pay $18 for breakfast and you can tell you are in a better class/standard eating establishment!!!! BUT the food in buffet at Gold Coast was adequate.I have 2 complaints, one - was the &quot;cafe&quot; next to the buffet was really sub standard....I cannot justify the rubbish service and food by saying you get what you pay for. Our only experience was shocking and when I spoke to the food and beverage manager..I was asked what I wanted him to do about it....I ordered a Prime Rib meal and the prime rib was cold not cool or luke warm COLD....!!!! I will not bore you with details.....BUT if you can afford to eat elsewhere then do so. Try Rio next door they seemed to have more choice...andComplaint 2 - things at Gold Coast seemed to close a little sooner than I would have thought necessary....ie; the Buffet closed at 9pm. The &quot;cafe&quot; closed at 10pm. The coffee shop closed around 8 - 9 pm. BUT at Rio things seemed to stay open longer....Over all though if you want cheap and cheerful then the Gold Coast is ok.Having said that.....having looked round Vegas...we would in future pay a few extra dollars to stay closer to the Strip.	
May 21 2008 	Good Value	Great location. I like the Rio hotel and this is right next door. The room was a decent size, but the bathroom was very small. The sink was next to the closet area and then there was a separate room for the shower and toilet. It was hard to close the door while standing in the bathroom. The TV was nice- a new flat screen. We stayed on the 3rd floor and had a view of a wall, but we weren't in the room much so it didn't matter. The bed could be more comfortable. Staff were nice. They give you a coupon booklet when you check in so you get free slot play, free table play, free drinks, and free ice cream. We didn't eat at the hotel so I'm not sure how the food is. Overall great experience. Very good value.	
May 15 2008	What a deal!	What can I say that hasn't already been said, on the positive side, that is. I had to be in Las Vegas on business and chose the Gold Coast based on the favorable reviews and a mid-week special on their website ($38/standard room; the rate jumped to over $150 the next day!). I wasn't expecting much but hoped for basic cleanliness; otherwise, checking out the next day would be no problem. Self-parking and check-in was quick and courteous. Two choices were given ~ a room with a view of the Strip but down the hall from the elevator', or 'no view but close to the elevator'. A-room-with-a-view was chosen and it was as advertised; however, it was about 120 steps from the elevator. You don't want to have left something in the room after you've reached the elevator, nor do you want to wait too long to head to the room for a bathroom break. The long trek down the hall allows one to see that the carpet is kept impeccably vacuumed, and in fact, the room was also immaculate. It was on the small size but quite adequate with a flatscreen TV, coffeemaker, etc. The strong water pressure in the shower was reminescent of the old days, and there is a small window which allows direct ventilation to the outside ~ excellent.  Unfortunately, the internet connection in the room didn't work, and the house electrician said that it does not work in many of the rooms. Uh huh, maybe they wanted us downstairs in the Casino.  The Ping Pang Pong Chinese restaurant was always very busy. The food portions were large, looked delicious and authentic but what we had lacked flavor and tasted bland. It could have been the choices, but patrons seemed to be packing up more than they were eating, and I suspect it was to doctor it up at home. The Monterey Room, with a coffee shop atmosphere, was pricier than warranted. Definitely the best bet was the Ports o' Call Buffet. It had the best offerings, flavor, variety and value, and breakfast, lunch and dinner did not disappoint.When we returned two weeks later, it was basically the same experience ~ excellent room rate and accommodations, courteous check-in, hotel cleanliness, etc. However, this time we chose a room with no view, near the elevator!	
May 10 2008 	Love the Gold Coast	We stayed here a few nights on our way back to Florida from Orange County, CA and enjoyed every minute. My wife plays the slots and had a great time. I like Texas Hold'em and enjoyed the play at their tables. The room was large, clean and quiet, staff was very friendly and helpful, and breakfast in the their coffee shop was excellant.	
May 8 2008 	Great Place to Stay	We have stayed at the Gold Coast Casino two times. We enjoyed our stay so much in March 2007, that we came again April 2008. We enjoy the small hotel feeling. and great hotel rates. Although it has over 700 rooms, it is much smaller than the hotels on the Las Vegas strip. It is has reasonably priced restaurants, a nice pool, and fitness area. The rooms are very nice and clean. The bathroom is small, but other than that it was great! There is a free shuttle to and from the middle of the Las Vegas strip about every 15-20 minutes. We would stay here again!	
Apr 25 2008	Grreat Value	My wife and I spent a great 4 days at the Gold Coast. We got 2 &quot;Mustang Mike&quot; specials which gave us 2 weekday nights with 2 dinner buffet and 2 breakfast buffets included in a $119 price for the 2 days. So for $238 we had 4 dinner buffets and four breakfast buffets and 4 nights stay...tax included. Try as I might i couldn't top this deal. The rooms were nice and newly renovated, the buffets were ok but nothing special. and the casino was busy but i never had a problem getting on my video poker machine that was full payout. We also ate at the Monterey Room where we got a 16 oz. steak with a salad, potatoes and baked beans with a beer for $ 9.99.The shuttle to the strip was timely and we used this for the trips to the strip. This was our third time in Vegas and our second time at the Gold Coast, we wouldn't hesitate to go back again.	
Apr 23 2008 	great value	For only $60 per night we thought the room was excellent. Very large bed and a large room. The toilet are was small but did not spoil our stay.The breakfast was excellent value at less than $6. You need a higher room or one with an open view as our room looked onto a building which may have been the bowling center.	
Apr 17 2008 	Appalling: Hotel has deliberately disabled deadbolts on all rooms	I was looking forward to this bargain hotel near the Strip, but encountered an appalling physical defect in my room. There are deadbolts on the doors, but no way to activate them - the hotel has deliberately disabled them!I confirmed this with a call to the front desk and then visiting the front desk in person to switch rooms. Originally, I thought it was an issue only with the room given to me - but as soon as I arrived at my transfer room it was obvious that all deadbolts have been disabled at this hotel.The deadbolt slides exist - they simply have no knob to turn to activate them. Where the knob mechanism used to be, there is a plastic cap, or in some cases, a bare hole. (With a small enough screwdriver I probably could have actually turned the deadbolt.)Both engineering and the hotel's &quot;supervisor&quot; on duty (not a single manager in the property's hotel side at 9 PM) confirmed that this was a deliberate act by the hotel, and that they consider their room doors &quot;secure&quot; because they are keycard activated and they have a chain - not a secure night latch, mind you, but an actual 1970s issue thin chain. Amazingly, the hotel seemed surprised that I was appalled, and they gave me the &quot;you're the first person who has ever complained&quot; line. It's the 21st century. There isn't a major hotel on the planet that doesn't secure its hotel room doors with a deadbolt - except, apparently, for the Gold Coast.I'm stubborn when sticking to principles, even knowing that I could &quot;secure&quot; the door if I wanted to with a heavy chair or some such, and even knowing that the odds of anything happening were quite low, because the doors are at least keycard-secure. But this is a AAA minimum requirement - a deadbolt absolutely MUST be included with all guest room doors. I can only imagine what female guests might think if they stay at such a hotel.So, I was faced with a bit of a Hobson's choice - stay at a hotel that obviously is blase about security; or try to find alternate accomodations on short notice. Gold Coast did offer to refund all charges but did not offer to help me locate any alternatives and indeed, seemed happy to see me go. I had to go back up to the room, get online, and hope to find something on short notice. I ended up paying twice the rate to stay at Bill's Gamblin' Hall, ironically a former Boyd Gaming &quot;Coast&quot; property; left the Gold Coast; got checked in within 2 minutes by a friendly front desk clerk; entered my Bill's room...and flipped the deadbolt on the door.I cannot possibly recommend the Gold Coast with such a basic, fundamental, and deliberate reduction of guest room security.	
Apr 9 2008 	Wonderful hotel!!	We stayed at the Orleans last year (which was great) and received promotions for Gold Coast and Orleans. Gold Coast was the better deal although we loved staying at Orleans. Be sure to sign up for their Players card. The room was very nice. I like having the sink outside the room with the commode.Their buffet was excellent! We had breakfast there every day and a couple of dinners. You get $1 off just for being a member of their Players club.Didn't do well in the casino though. We only play the slots and rarely won.After booking with the hotel's website, I checked back and noticed that their regular prices had dropped below my &quot;discounted&quot; price. I called them up and a very nice person said she would be happy to reduce our room rate!Best deal in Las Vegas.	
Mar 30 2008 	Out-of-the-way value	If you don't want to be on the Las Vegas strip amid all of the traffic, noise, and chaos, this hotel just might fill the bill. With complimentary shuttle bus service to the Strip throughout the day, Las Vegas Avenue is just 10 minutes away.The rooms are clean and neat, but nothing fancy, though there is a 32&quot; flat screen TV. The bathroom is dark with a taupe-colored tub surround and toilet and dim lighting - and the tub was very slow to drain. But the shower pressure was terrific. The best values are the buffet meals in the Ports O' Call restaurant. The prices are very reasonable, and the quality and varieties of food are very good. At lunch and dinner there are various ethnic choices along with American &quot;meat and potatoes&quot; types of foods. There are abundant dessert choices.The pool and hot tub were well-kept and surrounded by lounge chairs. The attendent was generous with extra towels.While the casino isn't as glitzy as those on the Strip, there are plenty of penny and nickel slots as well as the other types of slots and table games.	
Mar 28 2008 	Great!!!	For the price, it was a great excellent hotel. The rooms were large and clean. The flat screen TV is great. It is easy to get in and out of the casino from the close-by parking lot. It is 2-min walk to Rio or the Palms. It should be higher rated on this website. Yes, the bathroom is small but not smaller than the one at Bill's Gamblin Hall. I would say that room is cleaner and better than the ones at Bill's. The only negative is that on the second floor, there is some vomit smell in the hallway. I wish that they can change the carpet.Otherwise, I would go back and get cozy in this hotel/casino again.	
Mar 22 2008 	Worth The Stay	The Gold Coast is about 2 miles off the strip but they have a shuttle that will take you to the strip &amp; drop you off at Bill's Casino. The shuttle runs about every 10 min. The Gold Coast is not a high-end hotel. I would say it compares to your average Comfort Inn so if you are looking for something fancier you probably don't want to stay at the Gold Coast. We were very happy with our stay. It is clean &amp; the staff is friendly &amp; helpful. The Ports O'Call restaurant has a buffet breakfast that is good. Sign up for the Gold Coast Club card when you get there for $2.00 off breakfast plus other discounts.	
Mar 17 2008 	Very nice budget stay	Our stay at the Gold Coast was Saturday March 8th - Tuesday March 11th. In total we paid about $318.00 for the 3 nights. There was a very large (135,000 person) convention in town, so the strip hotel room rates were unbearable. We had room # 955 with a view of the Palms across the street. Odd number rooms have a South view towards the Palms, and even number rooms look North towards downtown.We stayed in a smoking room (my buddy hasn't kicked the habit), but overall the smell wasn't too bad. Our room had two double beds (nice, but not luxurious), a flat screen TV, a 4-drawer chest, a small round dining table, and two nice sitting chairs. The A/C worked like a charm.The bathroom was functional, but small. I do like that the vanity area is separate from the toilet and tub area. Plenty of room, and plenty of hangers for your clothes. The bathroom amenities included: lots of towels, shampoo, conditioner, lotion, shower cap, bath soap and facial soap. The tub had a little window that opened to the outside for ventilation. The shower pressure and temperature were superb!We drove a rental car during out stay and found the parking deck very easy to use and convenient. Check-in and out was very, very easy with no wait whatsoever! We didn't use the hotel shuttle.We dined twice at the buffet, which was OK, but not spectacular. The price was terrific, so keep that in mind. The casino was rather large and well lite. The ceiling was somewhat low, except for a two-story ceiling over the table games. I didn't find the casino especially smokey, and I'm sensitive.We walked (easily) to the Palms and to the Rio to check them out and to eat at their buffets. Both are somewhat better, and more expensive that at the Gold Coast. I would stay at the Gold Coast again, if room rates at the better hotels are sky high. I always have a car, so staying off-strip isn't a big deal for me. If you want a nice, safe place to sleep and you would consider staying off-strip, keep the Gold Coast in mind!Contact me with any questions at rmw5597@hotmail.com.	
Mar 15 2008 	New Year in Vegas	This was our first stop on our world tour. We tried to pick reasonably priced centrally situated places throughout and this did not disappoint us. The strip was only a short hop away by the free bus, but easily walkable if like us you enjoy a stroll. The Rat Pack show and dinner on New Years Eve was great, but we were disappointed with New Year on the Strip. We have visited many cities to enjoy the festivities over the years and this did not live up to what we had hoped for, the fireworks at midnight were fab but that was it, everyone just turned round and walked away when they finished. Unlike all other times you could not visit the hotels unless you were resident there. Fortunately the Gold Coast had a great band playing until the early hours so we still managed to enjoy. Would stay here again if we decided to do Vegas for a third time.	
Feb 29 2008 	Would stay again in a minute	We had a really good idea what to expect as we had read the reviews of the GC here and looked at all the traveler photos. We arrived on a Saturday afternoon and check-in was very quick. We recieved a room on the 6th floor at the end of the hall. Knew what to expect, including the elfin bathroom. The room was very adequate and the bed was very comfy. I absolutely loved having the coffeemaker there. I had brought with me some extra coffee and filters. The maid staff noticed, and started leaving some extras for us. We ate at the buffet twice which was good......but just an average buffet. Not terrible. We also ate breakfast in the Monterey Room twice and thought the food was very good and at a very reasonable price. The casino is well laid out. Very easy to find your way around. Some casinos are an absolute maze (Harrah's) and you get frustrated just trying to find your way out of the the thing. There was a very good assortment of machines and the tables seemed busy. Saturday night there had a real good fun vibe! A fantastic salsa band in the showroom and another good music group in the East lounge. I went upstairs to check out the bowling alley. They have 70 lanes, and since it was Sat night, it was cosmic bowling with neon and good rock music. Wow. It looked very cool. I had planned on playing some bingo, but our trip just flew by...no time. The shuttles were so convienient. Used it many times to go to the Orleans to eat and to the Strip. The day we got there, I made sure to check the alarm on the clock to see that it was not advertantly on. (that happend to us last year at the Flamingo...went off at 3 AM) But two mornings later, the alarm went off at 5:30 AM. Not sure if it got moved by the maid in dusting or what. So be sure to check the alarm status before you go to bed. It seemed that the East lounge had music almost every night and it was all good. All in all it was a great stay. I'd stay there again in a minute. A good value all in all.	
Feb 28 2008	This was a good hotel choice for us	We wanted to stay off-strip this trip, so we decided to stay at the Gold Coast since we had a great room offer from the hotel.The first night there were some people in the hall and in rooms on both sides of us who were having an argument and when I called the hotel desk, security was sent up immediately to deal with the problem.The room was large, and we had a great panoramic view to the north that included downtown, part of the strip, and the mountains.There was an iron and ironing board, table with 2 chairs, large dresser, two night stands, and a nice kind sized bed. The most interesting part of the room was a little window in the shower that could be opened to let the steam out of the room...great idea! There was also a coffee maker (made one cup at a time), and we enjoyed a cup while getting ready in the morning.We have been to the casino and buffet before, and we enjoy the variety and number of table games, slots, and video poker. There is also a BINGO room, and we didn't have time to visit but met another customer who had just won $1,000.00 on a cover-all game!We also walked over to the Rio which was conveniently located across the street to the east, and there is also a shuttle that runs to the strip from the Rio and one that runs from the Gold Coast to the Orleans.For those on a budget or not wanting a large strip hotel, this is a good property to consider.	
Feb 25 2008 	Good Stay!	We stayed at the GC (return trip) for three nights and had no real problems. The first room smelled like smoke on a non smoking floor so I called down to the desk and a key for another room was in our hands within a few minutes. We had a view of the parking lot - but don't stay in Vegas for the view :o)The room was clean and well laid out - except for the toilet/bathroom door issue. If you stay here just remember to close the door before you sit LOL.I like having the vanity area outside of the bathroom.The only problem we had was the phone rang very early several times for two mornings ... and no one there. Kind of left us wondering if housekeeping was trying to wake us up to get us moving ... I don't want to get up early in Vegas ...who does?Front desk said they would shut of the incoming ringer but that did not happen.Ate in the Cortez Room one night - mediocre at best - the staff acted like we were an inconvenience to them by the mere fact we ate there.We will stay there again because I like a room that has windows that open and that is rare in Sin City!	
Feb 24 2008	Was ok	I stayed in Gold coast with my tour. It is good hotel off the strip with good shuttle service to the strip every 10 mins till midnight.The room was clean and i had good view at 8th floor .I heard from other friends on my tour that restaurant food was good value specially for vegas . I was out most of time and i found the bed comfortable.It is grt hotel if you want to stay away from the strip.I went to Rio voodoo bar and show which is opposite GC.	
Feb 21 2008 	Pleasant stay	Stayed at the Gold Coast for 4 nights. We like the nice small property off strip. Had some guests pound on the door at 4 AM the first night and requested a room/floor change so we could avoid that happening a second time and we were moved promptly. The room was clean, left a tip daily. No issues with hotel/casino employees, just general public. Used the shuttle to the strip several times and never had problems. Overall the slots seemed a bit looser than last visit, won a little here and there, but I can't quit my day job! We will return to this hotel in the future.	
Feb 12 2008	An Okay Stay	This is a convenient location without staying on the strip. The room was clean and comfortable. There was a great band that was there during our stay and the casino was good. There are several restaurants and my husband loved the 16oz steak special in the Monterey Room. The only two compaints really is one that alot of the staff doesn't speak english well and two we were continually bombarded with servers telling us &quot;17%&quot; before we even sat down at a table. Even when paying seperate checks our group could not sit together at the buffet because of this &quot;17%&quot;. Absolutely nuts!!! These people must get continually stiffed on tips. They would have gotten more than the &quot;17%&quot; that we were continaully told had they just kept their mouths shut and provided us with the service that we should have gotten.	
Feb 8 2008 	Superbowl Weekend at the Gold Coast	Checked in on Saturday - at noon we were able to get into a king smoking room. Good start...The room was on the ninth floor,near to the elevators and the ice machine - generally a bonus, although there were a couple of times I could hear someone getting ice in the wee hours of the morning.The room was spacious and clean, the bathroom as others have said, tiny. Some bright soul had tried to put cigarettetes out on the tub - so there were burn marks on it, not the hotels fault..The dealers were friendly, as were the bartenders and poker room staff. Housekeeping was very prompt, we had made a request for extra pillows and had them within 10 minutes. We put the &quot;please make up the room sign&quot; and the room was done less than an hour later.The shuttle drivers were very friendly - and the service itself great. We asked for a late check out, and the front desk was very accomodating.Food choices were average, the sunday brunch at the buffet a pleasant surprise, the 10.95 T-Bone special at the coffee shop - a good value. The other things we got there - a little below averageAll in all a good stay, we will be back. The value over superbowl weekend (275 for 4 nights including saturday) could not be beat	
Jan 28 2008 	Better then the Strip!!	Loved the Gold Coast, clean rooms, nice comfortable beds, 32 inch LCD tv's, great shower (although bathrooms on the small side), fast elevators, friendly staff, reasonable rates and excellent food.  This was a stag trip, myself and three friends to visit the concrete convention. We arrived in the a.m. and were able to check in early which would be unusual on the strip. The GC is a fun casino for gambling, unlike the cold lifeless monoliths lining Las Vegas Blvd.   So far as food, I advise everyone to try the Arriva at the GC which serves Italian fare, also the Cortez room steaks are half the price of those on the strip and just as good. The GC buffet is one of the best values in Vegas, get a players card and get a discount.  The Monterey Room (their 24 hr. dinner) serves an early bird breakfast special which is dirt cheap. they also offer a $10.95 Texas T-bone special 24/7. You get a 20 oz. T-bone, potato, onion rings, salad, cowboy beans, and a glass of beer.  Downtown hotels and the &quot;locals&quot; hotel/casinos in Vegas such as the Coast &amp; Station properties are gaining in popularity among those who realize the strip has become a tourists trap. Think about it, the mega-resorts on the strip are more or less owned by two major corporations today. What choice do you have if you think the games are &quot;tight&quot; and the food prices are too high at a certain strip property? Do you go next door? Hah! More then likely the hotel next door is owned by the same corporation.  I can remember when the strip used to have great deals on rooms, gambling, and food, but no more. Unless you're willing to play dollar slots and $25 tables you don't get diddly for comps. The strip is over-priced and filled to capacity with &quot;20somethings&quot; who are willing to pay outrageous prices for meals and play at games and machines with terrible payback odds. I couldn't believe the number of suckers playing 6/5 blackjack and video poker with pay tables almost half what they used to be.  After a day of visiting the strip with my friends I couldn't wait to get back to the GC where the food was reasonable, the dealers friendly, the cocktail service fast, and gaming the way it should be in Vegas.	
Jan 28 2008 	Value for Money	As we were here over New Years the accommodation was very expensive on the strip so we decided to stay at the Gold Coast at half the price of the strip. I think we paid approx $600US for the week, some of the strip hotels were $1000-2000 for the week. Check In staff were very pleasant. Had doubled up on our booking as they went onto a new system or something but no dramas at all, she apologised and fixed it up. They ask if you want to sign up for a reward cards, I said yep sure did. They were issued right away. They are free; use them every time you gamble. Also charge everything back to your room for extra points. On check out they check how many points you have (we were not huge gamblers) and they reduced one of our rooms by $40 and the other $100. So for something that cost us nothing it was worth it. Must warn you though, check out did take ages while she phoned tables as well as slots. Room had 2 double beds, a plasma TV, bathroom, table and chairs, the normal type of hotel room. They were very clean. Not modern but I wouldn’t say mega old either. I am pretty fussy at times and I thought they were fine for what we paid. Bathroom was small but the sink is outside of the shower &amp; toilet. You can’t swing a cat in the toilet/shower but hey you are only there to do one thing. The room was big I thought. Bed very comfortable. Lots of towels. Hairdryer was awesome. Iron, everything you needed. Hallways are very long and we were very far away from the elevators. Late at night sometimes I felt a big scared to go and fill up the ice bucket when I was alone. I would go to bed earlier than the others, that’s the only thing I would put as a negative. They had security on the door to the room elevators but not all night. They would leave around 12am/1am. The casino had a great feel about it. Very homely. We could always find each other. The tables and slots are low limits. More 1cent slots then the higher ones. Always was able to get on the slots you wanted. Very easy to get around, never got lost. Staff friendly and the cocktail waitresses were always around. You could always order drinks. The crowd out there are older style. We were always happy to come home. They have a free shuttle that runs till 12:30am. Runs every 20 mins to the strip and Orleans. There are 2 shuttles, one to the strip and one to the Orleans. Only once we didn’t get on the shuttle and had to wait for it to return, that was NYE or day after, I can’t remember. We found allot of people were parking at the Gold Coast and then getting the free shuttle. Not at anytime were people checked for room keys. I think over busy times they should do this to make sure guests get on first. But generally no problems at all. One night at 12am the shuttle was full, they said don’t worry we will send another shuttle for the last of the people so they don’t leave you stranded on the strip if the last shuttle is full. We tipped $1 per person. We did not do this every time but generally once a day. One day we were running to the shuttle and the driver saw us so he waited. We tipped him twice that night. They drop and pick you up from outside Bills Gamblin Casino. We got a taxi home from the Luxor one night and it was only $13 so if you do miss the shuttle it’s not that much.Overall I am glad we stayed and experienced the Gold Coast. It’s also nice to stay on the strip but if you are on a budget, stay here or if in our case the strip was high during that week the GC is an excellent alternative. We moved onto the strip on the 1st once the crowds left and the prices dropped.	
Jan 24 2008 	good stay at the Gold Coast	Six of us stayed at the Gold Coast Jan 18-20,for our annual boys weekend. I found this hotel to be an excellent value.It had all the basic creature comforts and a 42 inch LCD TV as well !!!! Check in was a breeze with no waiting(around 7pm)The casino had all of the favorite table,slot,and video poker games. All the employees we talked to were polite,a rarity in Vegas.All in all while at was'nt Bellageo it was a comfortable place to stay.	
Jan 23 2008 	Outdated but adequate	We stayed here for two nights, including NYE. It's outdated, and needs an upgrade, but it's about right for the price. The bathroom is tiny. We had a couple of problems, first we couldn't get the internet to connect, but maintenance came by quickly and solved the problem. But then they stuffed up the television while fixing the internet, and had to come back again to fix it. The room was not very clean. We found a belt and a few old fries in the room the first day we were there. Beds were okay, pillows were awful! A little far from the Strip, but the bus service was fine. We ate in the diner, and the food was good and reasonably priced. Next time I'd stay somewhere closer to the strip and a little more upmarket, though.	
Jan 18 2008 	Met Expectations	Good: &gt; Great deal for the money &gt; Comfortable bed and clean interiors Bad: &gt; Tiniest bathroom that I had ever seen &gt; Plumbing not so great either &gt; Distance from the strip [1.5 mi] My husband and I did not want to spend a great deal of money on the stay in Las Vegas, as we figured we would only use the room for a good night's slumber. Gold Coast fits the bill perfectly. Clean interiors and plush bed, oh throw in a flat screen TV as well and you have a great place to get some sleep before another late nighter. On the downside the bathrooms were very tiny. The sink/wash area is located outside and the shower etc. inside. The plumbing was not good either. It didn't really affect us much. But if you like your bathroom and love to have a luxurious shower this is the last place you would want to be in. Another factor is the distance from strip, though 1.5 mile seems walkable it is right across I-15, so you wouldn't want to be doing that esp in the night and in winter. A cab ride to the strip costs you about 10$ each time. An imp factor to consider if you chose this hotel for its low price in the first place and don't intend to spend it on cabs. (We had rented a car for the whole week so it wasn't really a factor for us. ) Overall an economical and practical stay and a good value for money.	
Jan 17 2008	Friendly staff and really good meals	We stayed Jan 4th to 8th. Check in was a breeze and we received 4 fun book, coupon books. There were several free drink coupons which was nice, probably the only thing we used but it beat paying the 5$ a drink. I always tipped 1$ a drink since it was free and the bartenders friendly. There were probably 80% asians at the Gold coast. It never bothered us as whites but sometimes felt out of place. The rooms were very clean and the beds were okay, the pillows could definitely be better . The shuttle bus was great and we never had to wait more than 10 minutes. We ate at the MOnteray 24hr restaurant a couple times and it was basic but lots of food and friendly service. The El Cortez was fantastic, really enjoyed it after a full day walking the strip. My hubby wanted prime rib and he got a huge piece of meat for 10.95$, plus the extras. I had a chicken ceasar salad which was perfect. The wine was very reasonable and the atmosphere comfortable. One night we ate at the PIng Pong and it was also great, lots of food for a very reasonable cost and friendly service, no ambiance, as it sits on the edge of the casino but food great. We enjoyed our stay at Gold Coast and would definitely return! Across the street is the Rio which is a new hotel and across the other way is the Palms, so there is lots to explore in the area.	
Jan 13 2008 	Ironing with a Bungy	HAVE A LAUGH - I needed an iron and ironing board and was I glad to see both in the closet (after almost 2 weeks travelling having used a laundrette in Williams I needed to iron some stuff!) I set them up and was astonished to see that the iron was attached to the iron rest on a bungy rope! Trying to reach the end of my trousers with the iron was a sight to see... talk about tug of war. Still I can understand the reasons why such items are security tagged, I will stick to just popping the shower cap in my wash bag, no room for an iron. POSITIVE POSITIVES - This hotel off the strip is lovely, bowling alley, bingo - USA style, friendly staff and fellow residents, courtesy bus to BILLS on the strip. Put $5 dollars in a bar poker machine for a comp drink - for all you UK/Euro non knowers (like me!) and bobs your uncle.... make sure you leave a tip in the slim jim - at least a $1NIGGLY NEGATIVES - the bell hop told us wrong on first day for the courtesy bus pick up from the strip- had to take hire car back to the strip so didn't take hotel bus there - ended up having to take a taxi back from the Flamingo.... Hotel. He owes us $15! Don't leave your coffee compliment on the comfort tray, if you have used only the sugar it will appear full, shove it in a drawer otherwise it won't get replenished.	
Jan 11 2008 	Fair option for CES trade show	CES is probably the biggest trade show in Vegas so all the hotel rooms jump in price in preparation for the crowds. I booked this for $160 p/n, but was considering the motel of Emerald Suites a mile away as I'm not bothered by the frills.Anyway, this hotel is for older folks, but service is pretty good, except for one incompetent guy at the Bell Desk. The valet and front desk were prompt and efficient. I didn't gamble, or use room service (which I heard takes an hour at times), but the restaurant/diner was fairly good. The waitress we got was very nice to my Indian colleague and his wife.My room was surprisingly spacious. I was also surprised that there were just cotton sheets on my bed, not tucked in and no bedspread. Looked like someone was interrupted before they finished my room. The bathroom was fine, but no extraction fan so it got steamy. There's a pool and a shuttle to Bill's Gambing Hall on the Strip opposite the Bellagio which leaves every 15mins so you're as good as on the Strip.Summary: not the chic-est hotel, not the best location, but a good option close to the strip and it has a pool.	
Jan 7 2008 	2007 New Year / Hogmany in Las Vegas - 24/7 EXCELLENCE	We read a number of reviews after making the booking to visit LV for their NYE celebrations and although having been to LV many times before, the idea of a sea of bodies on The Strip did not fill me with enthusiasm. Also, as we were paying for our family of 6 adults we were budget concous and opted for the Gold Coast. Again, the reviews on the Gold Coast were fairly mixed, and we tended to have stuck to the Flamingo and Golden Nugget on all previous trips, as we knew what to expect at these hotels. So here is our take on the Gold Coast:Despite having booked and paid 7 months in advance, I did not get a smoking room as requested on arrival. But did get moved to a Strip View smoking room the following day.ROOMS: for the money paid, we had no complaints. Not as flash as the Flamingo, but clean and tidy. Large LCD TVs in every room was great. Room service was fast and cheap, and the food was great.Bathrooms were spotless but are basic and were in need of renovation.Good news - all rooms are being renovated during 2008 as part of a multi-million Dollar programme of refurbishment in the Sam Boyd chain of hotels.RESTAURANTS: we ate in the cafes and the steak house and I must admit the buffet breakfasts and the Sunday Brunch was equal to any other hotels on the Strip. 7 different food areas, covering: American; Chinese; Mexican; Italian; Meat carvery; Dessert/cakes. salad etc.Sunday Brunch is a must and many LV regulars still visit the Gold Coast for the $10 all-you-can-eat-buffet. Great carvery included.The Cortez Room (Steak house) was like stepping back in time to an old Wild West scene. Plush leather and well oiled wood tables. Lets hope they don't change the decor in this restaurant.The steaks were good value appx: $14-$16 for fillets and $10-12 for NY strip or ribeye. One of the best steaks I have had in Vegas.for the money.CASINO: This place is designed around gamblers or sports gamers. Big book hall and great selection of table games including their own versions of Texas Hold Em and Blackjack, both of which took some getting use to, but enjoyable once you cottoned on to the game.Roulette was as low as $3 min (e.g. 3 x £1 dollar chips min.) or there were other higher table stakes e.g. $5 &amp; $10.Cocktail waitresses were really quick and for the first time I can recall, I had never managed to finish a drink before she came back for more orders, even during the busiest periods.Lots of 1, 5 &amp; 25 cent machines, so event the reluctant gambler can have a flutter without worrying too much about spending too much :&gt;) High Stake slots also available at $100 a hit, so something for everyone at their casino.Lots of 'linked up' slots with high jackpot games. I had some fantastic luck with some of the slots, and returned to them time and time again....my highest payout was $224 on a 25 cent machine.WEATHER: we were lucky with the weather and only one day we had to wear tops during the day as the wind chill was quite nippy. You definitely need a fleece at night if you are out and about. Still warm in direct sunlight, but chilly in the shade during the day.TRANSPORT: ever changing in Vegas, the transport system remains hit n' miss. Best bet is to buy a day VEGAS.COM trolly/monorail ticket for $10, which gives you unlimited transportation up and down the strip as well as the malls. But the regularity of the buses/trollies leaves a lot to be desired. We ended up renting a car2007 NYE PARTY:Based on previous reviews of the strip on NYE, we decided to eat at the Gold Goast and purchased tickets for their 2007 NYE Gala Show. We were a bit desperate to ensure we managed to buy tickets for the Gold Coast, but the tickets did not go on sale until Dec, but Teresa in the back office kindly reserved our tickets ahead of the public offering - so great service from staff.For $99 a head, we got an open bar all night, seafood bar (oysters &amp; giant shrimp, crayfish etc) a continious buffet including carvery, sweets that were out of this world, giant chocolate fountain, free champagne, party favours etc, but best of all was the Rat Pack playing. The Rat Pack cost $135 if you were to buy a ticket to see them at their normal venue, so this package was real value for money. They had set up 2 giant screens in the ballroom, but we opted to go outside to the rooftop area of the Gold Coast car park to watch the firework display and bring in the New Year, and taking all our drinks outside to toast in the NY was not a problem.The fireworks was spectacular, and the only downside was that 2 sets of displays were hidden from view by the Rio Hotel, but we still managed to eyeball all the others on the strip.I wore my full highland kilt outfit and this was well recieved by all Americans (and Scots) during the night, but a number of people did ask 'where are you from?' and my reply after the hundredth time was usually China.Would we stay at the Gold Coast again?The pool is quite small and the deck area restricted, so as we are pool lovers, I wouldn't stay at the Gold Coast during a high summer break, but definitely out of season and definitely at Xmas &amp; NYE.I believe that Vegas gives you what you pay for - therefore, if you want a quality budget holiday then Gold Coast &amp; Orelans or Sam's Town is ideal. If you want more up market, then aim for Flamingo, Golden Nugget or top end, the Bellagio, MGM or NY NY.	
Jan 6 2008 	Gold Coast Hotel not that Golden	Booking problems at Travelocity: We booked our vacation on-line through Travelocity. We encountered a problem with our reservation: our departure flight was midnight and therefore, we could not use our last night of hotel, which the computer system had automatically booked and charged us for. We called Travelocity about this issue, we were lost several times in the transfer between agents. Needless to say, we had to call repeatedly and it was very frustrating. We wanted to file a complaint, but the agent refused to give us a phone number. She provided an email address for us to file the complaint but it turned out to be unregistered.Hotel:Gold Coast hotel was clean and had good facilities for people with diability. The bed was too soft and it felt like the mattress was wrapped in plastic. It was also noisy when you moved at all on the bed. The shuttle that runs between the hotel and the strip requires a wait of about 30 mins.Grayline Airport Shuttle Service:We also booked this on Travelocity ($5 per person each way). This is a highly unreliable service. The shuttle failed to pick us up at the hotel on our last day. We called them and they claimed that they had come by but left after 5 mins because we weren't there. They considered this a &quot;no-show&quot; and as such, would not come by again. This was not possible as we were waiting at the pickup location for 40 minutes. We asked to speak to another agent, but during the transfer, they hung up on us. Our impression is that this happens quite frequently. During our wait for the shuttle, we were told several times by taxi drivers that the shuttle would not come. Of course, at first we were sceptical because the taxis were ompeting for business but in the end, their prediction was true. We took a taxi to the airport, it took 10 mins and cost $24.50.	
Dec 27 2007 	Heee ha all the cowboys came here!	We had a chance to go to Vegas for free and use our points on the airlines so off to the city of lights and action. the week was the Rodeo and our place the Gold Coast and the Mirage were hosting the cowboys and cowgirls and they were also raising money for cancer, by wearing the pink shirts.We enjoyed the resturant for breakfast as the food and the persoanl were great. Seeing all the wild west guys and gals made it a treat. They are the neatest looking people with the hats and belts and real nice shirts. The gambling at this hotel is also fair and we earned alot of points while gambling the slots.Clean and its very much a local place.	
Dec 27 2007	good bargain	This is not your upscale hotel, however the services are adequate if you do not want luxury. We stayed for 10 days and my complaints are only minor. The lighting in the very small shower area is very poor. I took showers in the dark. And if you get a room low in the hotel that faces the south, you will have a view of a wall! I liked staying off of the strip. We used the shuttle several times a day and were very happy with that serviceIf I were to return to Las Vegas, I wouldn't hesitate to use the Gold Coast.	
Dec 23 2007 	Nice and cheap	We stayed at the gold coast for 4 days in september 07 when arriving from Norway after a 18 hour journey. Quick check in and nice room. Excellent and cheap buffet restaurant. It's a gambling hotel but quiet rooms and good service at the buffet. Shuttle bus every 15 min to The Strip. Problems with the water was fixed in a few minutes. Recommended !!Maylen and Erik from Norway.	
Dec 21 2007 	Great value -- needs a deadbolt on the door	Stayed one night at the Gold Coast after three nights at The Mandalay Bay (I couldn't get a flight out). My rate was $28 so for that rate you can't complain. The bed was comfy but the 3 pillows on the King bed were very flat. Lots of hot water but the sink and shower area were tiny. My only complaint is the door did not have a dead bolt lock on it. Just the hook thing that you push over that if someone opens the door they can't get all the way in. I did not feel too secure. You could hear noise in the hallway too.Casino was very good. Great watiress service and pretty friendly dealers. Check in and check out was a breeze. There is also a great ice cream place in the lobby that is a good value.There is also a walkway to the Rio and the Palms is across the street. Like I said for $28 for the night it beats hanging out in the casino all night waiting for my very early flight the next morning.	
Dec 18 2007 	We'll be back!	Stayed at the Gold Coast Hotel and Casino for a combination business/pleasure trip. Here's a few thoughts -1. Great Staff! - We straggled into the place at midnight due to cancelled flights and rebookings. The front desk supervisor (Jane Willey??) took a look at us and without us asking, upgraded us to a suite for our four night stay! Thanks!!!2. The Room - Okay...Needless to say -the suite was nice. Lots of room - clean - and a decent view of the city. Two bedrooms and a couple of TV's were also nice too!3. Gambling was good. This was an off strip property and we noticed lots more people here gambling than at the strip hotels. Low limit table games and after a bit of time we found the low denomination slot games that gave us lots of action4. The food - Ping Pang Pong - Authentic Chinese. Perhaps a little too authentic for those of us not immersed in the culture and food.Ports of Call Buffet - Decent food - good price - what else do you want?Monterey Room - Good coffee shop withs solid, middle of the road food for good prices.5. ConvenienceThe Palms and The Rio are adjacent to this hotel and an easy enough walk. There are also free shuttles to the strip and to the Orleans. We found good gaming at The Orleans and it looks like a good property that might be worth staying at.6. SummaryHave never stayed off strip before. The Gold Coast is not a 5 star property and doesn't pretend to be. However, if you are looking for a decent room and good casino with convenient connections - this is an excellent choice. I would definitely stay here again!	
Dec 10 2007 	Great Value Hotel	This hotel would be hard to beat for value. We love this place. It's clean and affordable with a really good funbook given to you at check-in. Exercise room is the best we've experienced. Casino is well lit, not to dark. Drink service is fast and frequent with table limits set where we can afford them. We always rent a car to get to the strip and surrounding area but there's a shuttle service available to get you to strip as well. It's free and runs frequently. Rooms are always clean and have everything you need. Hotel is located across the street from the Palms and Rio hotels so you're not all alone and more fun can be had by simply walking across the street. Yes, there are fancier hotels on the strip but they cost a lot more to stay and play at. And we've stayed at some where the rooms are not as clean or the staff as friendly. This hotel hasn't failed us yet. If you love great value this is a perfect choice.	
Dec 9 2007	Excellent buffet restaurant	We were allocated a room at this hotel by the travel company who organised our tour. We had no problems checking in but had difficulty finding the lifts as we had to make our way through the casino and bar to get to our rooms.The room was a good size with two large beds, clean &amp; comfortable &amp; we liked the separate washbasin &amp; shower areas. We also liked the LCD tv. The buffet restaurant was not very well signed but when we got there it was well worth the long walk through the casino - the choice of food was huge &amp; the staff were well organised &amp; very helpful.There was a free shuttle bus available for getting onto &amp; back from the strip which was an excellent service.We really enjoyed our stay at this hotel.	
Dec 7 2007 	Decent clean good value yet plain	Gold Coast Hotel Casino is on W Tropicana Bl about a mile off the strip. It's next to the Rio and across the street from the Palms. They have updated the rooms since my stay; when I was there the decor could only be described as &quot;early motel chic&quot;. The rooms were clean, albeit dated, but the mattresses were ready to be retired. However, for $49 a night during the week who can complain? I found daily housekeeping to be rather thorough and have no complaints as to the cleanliness of my room. The bathroom (separate vanity with &quot;closet&quot; and tub/shower-toilet room) was tiny; if you're tall taking a shower is going to be a somewhat painful experience. I was underwhelmed by breakfast in the coffee shop (my soft-poached eggs were hard) but bar service was excellent once they figured out I'm a generous tipper. Valet parking is a bargain here and tipping the extra couple of bucks insures you won't wait more than 5 minutes for your car. Bellhops are friendly but not pushy and they get your luggage to your room fast. We partook of the entertainment opportunities next door at the Rio, which is a 5 minute walk from Gold Coast. Front desk staff was friendly and efficient both at check-in and check-out. For as much time as we spent in our room it was money well spent. I'm not a fan of Vegas (we were there to surprise a friend for his birthday) but I'd stay here again if needed.	
Nov 27 2007 	Value for Money	My stay at this hotel was generally pleasant. The housekeepers are not all very detailed but the room was cleaned daily. The bathrooms are very very small. If you are on the heavy side, you may want to consider another hotel. Food at this hotel was very good, the Italian Restaurant and the buffet were also very good.Would recommend it. and Will stay there on next trip next year.	
Nov 20 2007 	Our room was Awesome!	My wife and I loved the Gold Coast. Their was plenty of free parking in the ramp. Our rental was shaded from the sun all the time. Security patrols the ramp. There was no line when we checked in Friday afternoon, Nov 16th. We upgraded to a King Suite on the top floor (10th floor) when we checked in and the service personnel were all super friendly. Our room was Awesome! There was a huge bedroom with a comfortable king sized bed and large armoir with plasma tv, granite and marble throughout the kitchenette area and bathroom, camelback sofa and carved armchair in the living room that also had a plasma tv. There was even a small 15&quot; TV in the kitchenette. I loved that little window in the shower. I could see the Rio and Treasure Island when I opened the window while I showered. Sure, the casino is smokey, and it took some getting use to because Minnesota has pretty much outlawed smoking in public places. Drink service for the whole casino was quick and efficient. Cocktail waitresses circulate everywhere, including the slots and Keno lounge. We ate in the Monterey Room twice. Once for the Graveyard special ($2.55 for a complete breakfast after midnight) and once for the $10.95 T-bone special. We received excellent service both times and enjoyed the food. The Fun Book you receive at registration has several good coupons. Gold Coast has very nice gift shop / liquor store with reasonable prices. This is definitely a casino for low rollers, as there were $1 chips/$3 minimum roulette tables and $5 minimum black jack tables. They were always full, so Gold Coast is popular with the locals and out-of-towners alike. We stayed on the strip the last time we went to Vegas. Staying off-strip was better. There was nobody pushing escort service cards in our face, no one selling time shares or show tickets. We took the free shuttle to the strip Friday and walked from the Paris up to the Wynn stopping at all of the casinos on the east side of the strip. That was all we needed. Saturday night we took the other free shuttle to the Orleans. We really enjoyed ourselves at the Orleans. We walked to the Rio for breakfast on Saturday morning and checked out the Palms across the street on Saturday night. The Rio was nice, but the Palms was a little too swanky for our tastes. The Gold Coast had no surprises at check-out. We did the express check-out and our bill was $0.00.	
Nov 20 2007 	Good place to stay	The Gold Coast was a good choice to stay off strip, rooms were very clean and spacious with LCD tv if you wanted a tv, very quick check inand check out with polite staff, only used the ports for Breakfast which was good especially the omelletes.Transport is provided to the strip every 15 mins or so but is not thatfar to walk especially after breakfast would stay here again	
Nov 18 2007 	Loved The Hotel	Well folks this Hotel was fabulous, great friendly staff, very clean, absolute lush room with a LCD Screen TV Set, great location not too far from the strip, and FREE SHUTTLE BUS to and fro the hotel to the strip and back again whatever time you wish to get back, this hotel was unique, opposite palms hotel which is the playboy bunny, on flamingo road, if you walked to the strip it would take you less than 20 minutes, with the shuttle less than 5, from your hotel room depending where you are at, we could see the Stratosphere tower, great gift shop, the restaurent was good too, very cheap aswell, the slots were good, seattle coffee shop there too, you wont find a better hotel from the strip as this....	
Nov 14 2007 	Gold Coast met my needs	I spent two nights at the Gold Coast. I found it to serve all my needs and met my expectations for a $70 hotel in Las Vegas. Check in staff, Gaming Staff, Room Staff and Valet staff were all friendly and accommodating. The room was clean and I wasn't expecting a &quot;view&quot;. The buffet is as good as anything I ever found on the strip. I don't believe you can find a better hotel for the price anywhere in Vegas. Those who give this hotel poor ratings are either very hard to please or are expecting too much from Las Vegas. I would call this a &quot;blue collar&quot; hotel. My kind of place.	
Nov 9 2007 	A smell of smoke...	I spent only one night at the Gold coast Hotel, having booked a double queen room a week in advance at 84 $ (plus tax), without breakfast. The hotel is easy to be found from the highway and the parking is free in the premises.When I checked-in I had a lot of troubles, and the staff did not help me in solving them: at first, they gave me a room having been booked for three nights instead of one, and charged me the correspondent amount (four times higher than I expected). Then, even if I had a reservation for a non-smoking room, the staff gave me one having a strongly smelt of smoke: moreover, bathroom fittings were here and there burnt, and there were several ashtrays. Also, the staff did not give me an alternative room after I complained it.In terms of cleanliness, the room was OK but not excellent. Furnitures were a little old, but more or less suitable for their aim. The corridor, however, was not so clean and surprisingly without any control at the entrance: since the gate was in the casino area (open to external people) it did not seem a good think in terms of security.The casino area was unappealing. By chance, the hotel offered a free shuttle to the Central Strip of Las Vegas, but I waited about 45 minutes instead of 15 minutes as declared.	
Oct 28 2007 	Gold Coast - Average	We stayed at Gold Coast for 1 night, Saturday night, since the prices sky rocket on the strip. I agree with the most of the previous reviews, the rooms are very basic except for the flat screen TV. The bathroom is tiny, ridiculously tiny! It was reasonably priced and we were able to get a good night’s sleep. The front desk staff was friendly. There was no security at the elevators most of the time, so anyone could get to the rooms. The room did not have a chain guard or bar guard on the door. It was nice to be able to walk to The Rio and The Palms. We ate in the diner, it was ok. We bought drinks at the bar; my cosmopolitan was expensive and served in a funky (very small) glass. We did not really care for the atmosphere of the Gold Coast casino and I am not sure I would stay there again.	
Oct 26 2007	Loved Gold Coast	Great spacious room! Much better than we bargained for . Will come again. We are here every few months so we will make sure we book again. We would have booked for two more nights but could not cancel the other reservations. We had no idea how nice the rooms would be, very clean, flat screen tv and it was quiet. We did not eat here but only because we had made other plans. Too many places to eat - so little time.	
Oct 16 2007	Skip gold coast	I just got back from the gold coast hotel nwxt to the rio. It was terrible and it smelled. The bathrooms are so small and the rooms have no bedspread on the beds! Thier were bugs in the tub, and the locks are so old they do not stay locked. No deadbolt or anything. The food was okay but nothing to write home about. The good thing was it did have a flat screen tv and a nice bed. I would not stay there again, Stay on the strip, it is a much better deal.	
Oct 15 2007 	Great Value	We stay somewhere different every time we visit Las Vegas. This place is great. Rooms are very reasonable and basic in size. Was very clean. Good eating establishments. Check-in staff a little rude/rushed. Other staff very accomodating. Pool is very nice and quiet!	
Oct 14 2007	Good deal and stay	We booked this place because of the reviews in most sites and we were not dissapointed. Our room was clean and quiet. Just off The Strip but there is a bus that will take you there and it comes every 15min and runs past midnight. Gold Coast made our first time in Las Vegas even more memorable.	
Oct 10 2007 	Loved It!	I am in LV every six months but this was my first stay at Gold Coast. I loved it ! So relaxing, I just don't like the crowded noisy strip anymore. Employees were all friendly and helpful. The shuttle is great, just don't try to get back from the strip around 4:00PM, too many people waiting, and there is no order, just pushing and shoving in the HOT sun. The walk to the RIO and the Palms was very easy. There is a small store behind the casino that you can get water and other supplies, open 8am-8pm. The gift shop has liquor prices way below those at home. Our room was fine, clean and we had a nice view of the north strip from the 9th floor. The elevators were fast and never had to wait. If you want to relax, gamble, and not get shoved around this is the place to be. The best part, we were not approached by time share people once in 8 days at the Gold Coast! This is our new home in LV.	
Oct 9 2007 	Great clean freindly place	Stayed 3 nights. Did just about everything. Bowled, swam, ate, and gambled here. everything was clean with good service and food. Rooms are clean with very comfortable beds. If you want to stay off the Strip this is a nice choice.	
Oct 8 2007 	Good stay at Gold Coast	We recently stayed at the Gold Coast from 9/27 until 10/6. Overall, it was a good experience. The first room we were given was right above the loading dock and terribly noisy. We asked to change and were given a second room. The lock was broken and we had to go to the front desk twice to get another entry card. A manager finally joined us upstairs on my third trip downstairs and confirmed that the lock was broken. We stayed in the third room we were assigned for the next eight days and enjoyed our magnificent view of the top of the air conditioning units.The reason I gave this hotel an above average rating is because this hotel is the cleanest I have ever been in. The rooms, the casino, the restaurant and all the restrooms were spotless. The only dirt I found was in the elevator. Really above average cleanliness. The bathroom was very small and awkward but there was fantastic water pressure in the shower . The room was small and the air conditioner was loud and inefficient, but the bed and pillows were very comfortable and I am very particular about that. So for the little time you are in a hotel room in Las Vegas, there is a lot to be said for not having to worry about sleeping in an uncomfortable bed or in someone elses dirt.The food was average, edible. The breakfast buffet had the same selections day after day but you cannot beat the cost, $5.95. The Rio has scrumptuous food and it is a short walk across the parking deck - more expensive but a zillion times better.	
Oct 8 2007 	Not quite the same	This was our group's fourth visit to the Gold Coast in 3 years so we know what to expect and I think others have explained it pretty well. It is a good value for the money, but we thought it has taken a turn for the worse. We usually start with the breakfast buffet and didn't find all the selection we had seen in past years. They still make the made to order omlets and you won't go hungry, but about a third of the buffet choices were gone. We had one dinner and definitly won't eat another dinner there.The casino seemed dirty and very smoky (like I said we have had visits in past years and this was a change). The ash trays were overflowing and there were ashes in seats and on machines. It was unseasonably cold when we were there this weekend (10-4 through 10-7), but the air conditioner could not keep up and our room was warm and very noisy when it did run. They still present the coupon books, but no longer offer all the coupons they once did.This was a spot we had recommended to many of our friends and family, but I think next year we will look for something else.	
Oct 6 2007	Gold Coast Fantastic Value!	We just returned from a 5 night stay at The Gold Coast Hotel.We found it to be exactly what we wanted which was most importantly a clean hotel and for the most part quiet.We arrived late so we didn't get a room with a view but we did get a handicap room so it probably worked out to our advantage because the bathroom had a walk in shower and plenty of room for two to move around in.We only looked out our window once when I heard the employees taking their smoke break outside and a truck backing up early in the morning to deliver supplies. The a/c was very loud for me because it turned on and off several times during the night. So in order to solve that problem we kept the a/c on very high during the daytime when we weren't there so that the room would be plenty cool when we got back in to sleep so we could turn the a/c off. (I hated wasting energy but I had to sleep)The slot games in the casino were fine and we won a few times but in the end we probably broke even. We did make up for it though in comps because it was my husband's birthday and we received extra comps for him so we had a free breakfast one day in the buffet area.I would have like to have seen the buffet area with a little more variety especially since we didn't want to waste time eating somewhere else for breakfast.We had a rental car and found it very easy to get from the airport to the hotel. We did have a GPS system but the self parking was never full and we always were able to get close to the entrance door.The hotel was directly across from The Rio and very close to The Palms. I felt safe enough walking with my husband but I would not walk alone to either of the hotels because there were a few strange men walking around alone.PROS: of the Hotel: Clean, great value, nice to come back to after a long day on the strip. My husband loved the flat screen tv in the bedroom! That really helped to update the room.CONS: There is not a lot of non smoking areas in the casino. The ventilation is not great so if you are surrounded by smokers you will probably be forced to move!At the cash cage they would not take back my change. I thought that was ludicrous since I won most of the change in their casino!I didn't want to go back on the airplane with 5 lbs of change!We wanted to take the shuttle to the strip one day and the valet guys were rude to us when we asked them where do we pick the shuttle up and when does it come by? They shrugged their shoulders and said we could pick it up somewhere around the corner and they didn't know when it left last but that it may come every half hour. I would think that they could have a two way walkie talkie to find out where the shuttle is especially since we ran around the corner and saw it leaving. If the valet or front desk had the correct information they could have asked the shuttle to wait a second since we were trying to flag it down!So we ended up taking our rental car anyway! We will still probably come back to the hotel to sleep but we probably won't use the casino as much unless the ventilation is re worked.	
Sep 30 2007 	a yearly "hidden treat"	OK, so first off, let me point out that I understand both the glowing and the non-glowing reviews about Gold Coast. If glowing, it's probably written by a person, like me, who thinks that all you really need in Vegas is a comfortable room to serve as a base to go gaming and/or casino-hopping. The GC is quite the value in this regard, offering clean and reasonably spacious rooms with good (plasma) TVs, comfy beds, nice but far from ostentatious baths and good climate control (in our experience). If you're looking, on the other hand, for Glitzorama-to-the-Max dancing fountains and fireworks and neat, clean Wynn/Bellagio-like &quot;sterilized fantasy Vegas,&quot; the GC is very clearly NOT for you and I fully recommend you go find a place that has pirates shooting exploding chocolate cannons in the lobby at laser-created dragons and the $250-per-night pricetag to match.We learned about GC on a trip to Vegas a number of years ago, after spending more than our fair share of time (and money) in fancy strip hotels that got just a wee bit old after about the 2nd or 3rd trip. My English wife, addicted to her English bingo (even in her 30s!), wanted a decent casino that ALSO offered bingo games-- and among places on-or-close to the Strip, that meant GC or the New Frontier (further out-- Arizona Charlie's, which wasn't a bad bingo room, just a little hard to get to and admittedly a dingier &quot;locals&quot; sort of hangout). Well, we played once at the New Frontier, and all I can say is that there's a reason we didn't go back to either the bingo OR the casino &lt;grin&gt;. The GC, on the other hand, struck us as being a nice place-- far, far from &quot;Vegas Spectacle&quot; to be sure, but that's part of the charm of the place.... everyone who wants the glitz stays away, up on the strip, meaning Gold Coast's casino is actually usually navigable even at peak gaming times in the early evening! Anyway, we enjoyed our &quot;reconnaissance trip&quot; to GC and its sister property the Orleans so much, we decided to try staying there last year when we wanted to go back to Vegas for a quick holiday.Bottom line: although very clearly you have to enter the place with your expectations of the &quot;Vegas experience&quot; very much in reasonable line with what the GC is, it is nevertheless a good, well-managed and reasonably spacious casino with a good selection of games (slots and table), decent dining experiences, respectable but not overwhelming shopping and location and rooms that... well... are just that... they're places to crash in relative comfort that are far from &quot;Motel 6,&quot; but very clearly are not the Presidential Suite at the Venetian (actually, by comparison, I can't say our last room at NYNY or Mirage was all that much more impressive, except the Strip views were a little better... but then again, the Strip NOISE was ominpresent as well). Games-- as noted above, good selection and good prices, particularly the $5 minimums on some table games like roulette. Waitress service is good for the most part, and the bingo room is very well run. If you don't want to gamble, go bowling in their bowling lanes just for chuckles... another unique feature of the GC!Food-- we've come to appreciate the 24-hour T-bone special in the Monterey Room, and the Cortez Room isn't bad either. For the money AND the selection, Ports of Call Buffet is probably one of the more underrated hotel buffets in Vegas. Hot dog vendors in the sports book during the daytime are nice; ice cream and coffee shops are perfectly adequate.Shows-- we didn't come for the shows, so no comment. I wasn't going to spend money on &quot;Forever Plaid,&quot; though some locals appeared to have liked it when it was running. Nice to be someplace where you're not bombarded with Cirque du Solieil posters, at least.Rooms-- see above. I'm the last person who'd tell you to stay in an absolute armpit just to save money; the really nice thing about the GC is that FOR the money they charge (well, up to about $79/89 per night... anything over that, and I'd think again. For their usual off-season $58ish, they're a steal), you get an awfully nice room with comfy furnishings and a plasma TV. It'd be nice if they ran more specials around major holidays, to be sure.Clientele-- probably a little older and *slightly* more foreign in my experience than the average Strip hotel. If you're desperate to play in the &quot;pickup scene,&quot; the GC probably isn't your #1 choice of properties-- the Palms is just across the street for vapid, hip dancing-and-drinking. On the other hand, you also don't USUALLY (with minor exception) have obnoxious 20-somethings who're overly impressed with themselves preening, primping and drinking 'til they puke and then passing out over the tables at the GC, which is definitely a major PLUS in my book. Interesting mix of locals and visitors; traditionally, GC had a good rep as a &quot;locals&quot; hangout, though I think under Boyd Gaming the last few years, word has gotten out that it's a value-for-money kind of place for turistas as well. As such, I think it's something of a hybrid these days.Payouts/Comps-- As best I can tell, slots payouts are about average to slightly above-average for major Vegas properties. You just have to find the right machines... and pray. Comps are the one area where I have to take GC to task-- they're pretty stingy for Vegas in my experience, and even stingier when you think about it being an off-strip hotel. I blew a considerable chunk of change there and had trouble negotiating a few freebies in the way of food; at some of the MGM properties, I know for a fact they would have comped a few meals AND a room night or two for what I spent there. We're going back to GC during a major upcoming holiday later in the year, so we'll see if they've done anything to improve in this regard. :)Area-- oh, heck, it's fine. You're next to both the Rio and the Palms, and with a little imagination, you can probably be content in the GC itself. If you're worried, though, rent a car and you can cruise the entire Strip and outlying areas easily from the hotel's access to LV Blvd. and the Interstate. We did both and the car made it easy. You're also a little closer to a grocery store just down the road where you can buy REASONABLY priced soft drinks and treats for the rest of your stay. :DIn summary, I would recommend Gold Coast to everyone who just wants a decent, enjoyable, relatively hassle-free gaming experience away from the loud obnoxious turista-babies that make the Strip casinos generally less desirable (and jam-packed). All of your favorite games are there, and the place is in a respectable state of repair, as is the hotel. It'll occasionally show signs of its age and ask you to forgive it, and admittedly the air in places smells less like &quot;Mandalay Bay Vanilla&quot; and more like &quot;real life combination of people's cologne and Marlboro Lights&quot; (chuckle). If you're willing to do that, however, you'll be rewarded with a good Vegas experience for a cost-effective amount of money at Gold Coast.	
Sep 19 2007 	Great Place!	We stayed here from 9-14-9-16 . The rooms are just as advertised. Great king bed. Nice view of the palms. VERY CLEAN. Bathrooms are small. I loved it. Staff was very nice and helpful. My wife and I had a great time and would stay here again. If you are looking for luxury on the strip don't stay here. Stay here if you just want to relax away from the hustle and bustle of the strip.	
Sep 16 2007 	From a horror movie!	Having stayed in some pretty crummy spots over the years and even running youth hostels myself I can only say this place was the cheesiest and worst amenities ever experienced! The clientele look as if they are waiting for a call from the funeral home, the corridors are from a Stephen King movie and the decor in therooms is so out of touch to be almost a museum piece for the bad taste section. And if these folks ever heard of AC in rooms they must have had a nutcase install it as all they do is channel hot air back in. Finally if you fall for the food....don't be surprised if you think MacDonalds is five star in comparison .....I wouldn't send my worst enemy to this dump!	
Sep 9 2007 	Local Hotel with a cool feel	Staying at the Gold Coast after reading the reviews, I was a bit nervous at the prospect. However, I was pleasantly surprised that the rooms were nice (I stayed in the one bedroom suite), the staff people from the reservations desk to the dealers were all really nice. Overall, it was a good trip and I would recommend this place for &quot;low rollers.&quot; Craps is $5 min and roulette $3. Not many places compare at this level and are still clean hotels! This place is!! Oh, and there's even a full bowling alley!	
Aug 31 2007 	good hotel with loads of amenities	just got back from a 4-day stay there....like others have said, the bathroom is small. But, you're not living in it - so no big deal. Enough room to shower and go to the bathroom. love the wall-mounted tvs. beds were the best of hotels I have stayed at in a long time..... didn't have the gross heavy bedspreads that many other mid-level hotels use. the bathrooms have the 1980s look (brown tub, brown toilet, brown sink counter, etc.) ... but all was pretty clean.casino was smoky, but all pretty much are. gave fun little &quot;funbooks&quot; at check-in for random things at hotel. Liked this - got a free pack of cards at the souvenir shop, 10% off at the casino coffee shop, 3 free cocktail coupons (all of which can be used at this casino despite 2 of them saying valid only at other boyd gaming properties), and other coupons I didn't use. food - tried the ports of call buffett for breakfast (free for me with the room res) and dinner. Thought the dinner was a bit overpriced for the quality of food; great deal on quantity of food ... however, I'm not that big an eater so can't make buffets worthwhile. If you like buffetts, you'll probably like it. Also, tried the Monterey Room... good, but nothing to write home about. Loved the Cortez room. It seems to be the nicest of all the restaurants at the hotel. Had delicious crab legs there. Lobster was good too.Shuttle to the strip was excellent. They don't seem to have a real set timetable (was told about every 20-25 min), but we never had to wait very long in either direction. At night, it can get busy - my guess is it has a lot of non-Gold Coast people taking the shuttle to the Palms or the Rio (both next door) and Rio/Palms guests taking it to the Strip since their shuttles don't seem to be as often ... if they'd actually check for hotel keys - then I'm guessing it wouldn't be as busy.room was pretty clean.i had a not-so-nice encounter with one of the front desk supervisors, but a quick call to the director of operations resolved it to my satisfaction.overall, pleasant stay. would consider again for the next trip to vegas.	
Aug 27 2007 	Serviceable but Not Spectacular	The Gold Coast is the best stay we have ever had for the rate we paid. Our room rate was less than the parking fee at some Chicago hotels. I cannot imagine what I would get at such a cheap rate in other cities. Only Vegas!The Gold Coast is closer to the Strip than I expected. We had a car and it was only about a 3-4 minute drive. Very accessible. They have free valet that is pretty quick. The casino is pretty smoky but find me one that isn't and I'll go there. We are not gamblers so can't comment on the casino scene. I will say I appreciate the $2 pina colodas though.The room was surprisingly quite clean. I was surprised at the size of the bathroom. I was expecting to be in a sardine can. I felt that I could manuever just fine. I loved the water pressure!The bed was comfortable and the flat screen TV was great. We only ate at the Ports of Call Buffet and that was because it was free. Not bad and what you would expect for $6.95 breakfast buffet.We had a great two-day stay especially at the bargain price! Clean, close to the Strip, courteous staff, most of the modern conveniences but no fluff. We would stay there again but would not pay full price.	
Aug 26 2007 	One of the best stays ever	I stayed for two nights at the Gold Coast on a special from Travelworm, two nights for the price of one. I enjoyed the Gold Coast more than the hotels I subsequently stayed for one night each at Main Street Station and the Rio. The room at Gold Coast was pleasant, had a coffee maker and wall mounted TV. The casino was always active, even while playing craps at midnight. There was a band nightly in the lounge just off the casino. A particular highlight was dining in the Cortez room (dinner only). One two nights I had the small filet ($20 for entire meal) and the Orange Roughy (about $18 as I recall for full meal). With relish tray, baked potato, loaf of freshly baked bread, dinner salad and glass of the house Merlot, the meals came to about $30 each night including tax and tip, a great value for such fine dining. The booths are horseshoe shaped and contribute to the ambiance and privacy. The gym is near the pool area, well equiped and at no extra charge unlike many other resorts. There is a shuttle to the strip (Bill's) that runs frequently though I enjoyed the GC more than the strip. I also had lunch at Ping Pang Pong and had dim sim for the first time. I have stayed at over a dozen hotels in Vegas and enjoyed the Gold Coast as much or more than any other.	
Aug 25 2007	Ok for a budget stay	Honestly, I can't imagine staying here again. And I can't imagine staying here as a first-time visitor to Las Vegas. Really, find the few extra dollars to stay somewhere decent. It's off strip, and it is far longer than a &quot;10 minute walk&quot; to the strip as another review mentioned.Very basic rooms, tiny bathrooms, but no cleanliness issues, everything was clean enough..and old enough! Swimming pool was tiny - a joke.It took me over 90 minutes to check in on a Friday afternoon, and three trips back and forth to reception to get keys that worked and the right room type. On the positive side, I really liked the casino, it has an &quot;old Las Vegas&quot; vibe to it, including lots of smoke if that bothers you. And the food in the coffee shop (Monterey?) was cheap and the service was quick. Also, the Chinese place there is very good if you like authentic Chinese, hot pots and noodle soups.I would return in a second to spend time on a meal or some casino play, but I can't think of any reason why I would stay in the hotel again.	
Aug 12 2007	Very nice	First thanks to trip advisor they search for cheapest deals for you. I stayed aug 6-0 and paid 24 a night with 2 nights free and 2 free buffet breakfasts. 12 dollars a night, lol how can that be, but it was. I read reviews so i thought it would be just ok \, clean and maybe a bit warn with a few gross people here and there.I was surprised. When checking in the girl was not over friendly but was ok. I asked for a quiet room and she did try to help.The hotel i believe is 10 stories better than 30-40 in some of the new ones. I walked into the room and it was just as it looked on trip advisor and the reviews. The room is small like my bedroom back home probably with a small sitting area. The furniture is not real wood but more on the cheap side. The bathroom area small like other have mentioned. But one big thing, it was clean, very very clean. I actually felt i could walk around barefoot it looked that clean. I always spray with lysol when i arrive at a hotel but I didn’t even feel like i had too.So for my trip advisor readers i cheked into cleanliness more. I wet a wash cloth and wiped onto of door ledges, tables, table sides, window ledges, door handles, etc and the rag showed very very little dirt. I ws amazed, never in any hotel is that happened. The bed was very nice, I’m glad they don’t use comforters rather they use sheets to cove blankets. Much cleaner, i think! I got in late each night so the room was quiet, but during day i could hear some noise in other rooms but not really bad. I give up on finding a totally quiet room that’s why I hate staying in hotels, the noise. But this was pretty good. The ac worked perfect, the tv was nice flat screen and had a few more channels than the strip hotels i stayed at. I wish they all would improve on this in Vegas, sometimes its just nice to watch a tv show before going to bed!Overall i liked my room i felt pretty nice and clean in it. Toiletries were nice, shower pressure fantastic and internet lightening fast (11.00 per day)The casino was very clean nice staff and always someone around to help. Lets of regulars but not nasty bad people type. I was disappointed it was packed with mostly penny machines. Very very few dollars, i think they could have improved this. But it seemed many of the casinos have done this. The buffet for breakfast was like Orleans I thought it was good nice waffles and good pancakes. I'm crazing them right now. Something for everyoneDinner was good to it was clean food ok. I like just regular American food so its great for me. If you are looking for more stations, and different things its not for you. I just look for clean basic buffet that tastes good and feels clean (and i do look too!) It was nice for my tastes, I got comped but if I had to pay I would the prices were great. From midnight till 6 am I think they have a breakfast in the coffee shop for 2.25, yes thats right 2.25 -pancakes and bacon or 2 eggs hash browns, bacon and toast. It was very good and the price was like old Vegas. Gambling was ok in casino i won a couple jackpots on pennies playing max. I lost too, lets be honest its always what happens if ya wanna play a long time.Pool was small, not many people looked cleanAfter gambling they comped my cheap room and also got me another room and comped me Friday night also (i was gonna stay with friends in another hotel for last night)Final reviewNice very clean room, smaller (not tiny) casino is but spotless. Casino is filled with locals and budget travelers and visitors from the Rio next store. Food very cheap, basic and good.I would stay againPlease read my review under Rio hotel also.	
Jul 26 2007 	Great place	Most comfortable beds in Vegas! This casino is popular with the locals. It is cheap and it has windows. The buffet is great too.	
Jul 20 2007 	Great rates great buffet. Can't beat it	This hotel is off the strip but provides a shuttle service to their sister hotel on the strip. I use it every year for conventions - where all I do at the hotel itself is sleep and email. For that purpose, the hotel is excellent and my staff concur.The Buffet is good and the price reasonable. The Chinese restaurant is actually very good.	
Jul 19 2007 	just off the strip	This hotel is not on the strip but only a 10 minute walk away.You can get the free shuttle bus to the strip which runs regularly,the drivers are great.Rooms in the hotel are better than we expected comfy bed,nice towels and in room coffee maker.They have a large bingo hall which i liked because i won on the 2 times i went £520.They also have a massive bowling alley and they do cosmic bowling on a weekend really cheap,and the snack bar in there does great burgers.You have to walk through the casino to get to your room which was the only downside especially when youre pulling a couple of cases.would we stay there again definately yes,nice atmosphere and friendly staff.By the way you must visit the rio hotel opposite to see the carnival in the sky its a really good free show.	
Jul 1 2007 	Good value decent rooms	A high school buddy and I recently stayed at the Gold Coast (June 25-27th). The casino delivers a clean, decent room at a very reasonable price, details follow: -The room was of a very good size with reasonable wooden, &quot;block&quot; furniture. To the extent it would look like a dorm room, there is surprisingly tasteful paintings and lamps as well as a terrific flat screen TV. The bathroom is extremely small, however. I was in room 765. It was very quiet. -The casino offers the full assortment of games and table minimums are very low. There is also a bingo parlor, which was of notable size and is fun to play in with the small computer terminals they give you. -There is a gigantic bowling alley, which is very modern and has a well appointed lounge that looks like it was very recently completed. The pool, however, is very small. -Casino workers were friendly and approachable while the crowd at the casino seemed generally nice. -We did not eat at the restaurants other than a hotdog (for around $1) at the stand in the sportsbook, which was good. -The casino is near the Rio and Palms, which offer greater dining choices. -The shuttle to the strip was very convenient.	
Jun 26 2007 	OK for the price	We needed a place to stay for one night before launching off on a tour of the national parks in the west. Unfortunately, it was a Saturday night and all the hotels in Las Vegas double their prices on Friday and Saturday. This hotel was easy to find, well-located, and adequate for our needs. The room was OK - equivalent to a Holiday Inn Express, I would say. The bathroom was tiny and dark. Everything worked fine, and even though we were at the end of a long hall, we had hot water. (Others here have complained about this.) Within walking distance are a couple of other casino/hotels that are fine to visit. There is a pretty good Mexican restaurant in the hotel across the street. You should know: This is a decent but low-budget hotel. The reception is in a place where there are slot machines, and some keno chairs. People smoke there. They are mill around and are constantly coming in and out for the casino and the hotel. You pass through all of this to get to your room, and surprisingly, you have to walk either through the casino or hump your bags through a bar to get to the elevators. Many people are smoking because you are in a casino every time you go to or from your room. That said, it worked for us given the price, location and our one-night stay. We would probably stay there again if we needed a place for a Saturday night. But not on a weeknight.	
Jun 20 2007 	They weren’t kidding about the small bathroom…	For my mother’s seventy-fourth birthday, I surprised her by taking her to Las Vegas to celebrate! We stayed for five nights starting on Sunday, June 3rd, 2007 at the Gold Coast Hotel and Casino.I originally booked the room at $55 a night, but found a better deal on another web site. I phoned the Gold Coast to see if they would match it, and it was no problem and they dropped the price to $50 a night. I then found an even better deal that included two free breakfast buffets and two free dinner buffets for $50 a night. I used a promo code that I found on the Internet and changed my reservation. No only did they give me the four free buffets upon arrival (I did have to refresh their memory), they gave me four more! What a deal!When I made the reservation, I requested a nice quiet room on a high floor away from the elevator. They respected my wishes and we had Room 857 on the eighth floor (out of ten) quite a distance from the elevator. We were about halfway down the very long hall, so I felt sorry for anyone who was staying even further down!We had a bit of trouble with the keycard trying to get into the room, but when we managed to finally get in, we found a medium-sized non-smoking room with two double beds, a clock radio, two regular chairs with a table, a large LCD (limited channel) television with remote, a coffeemaker, and an iron/ironing board.The bathroom consisted of two separate areas. One part had the closet with hangers and the sink with mirror, while the shower and toilet were located in the smallest bathroom I had ever seen! I’m 5-9 175 lbs, and even I found the bathroom to be claustrophobic and hard to move around in! There were four sets of towels, some shampoo, conditioner, lotion, and a shower cap. The shower did have a handle to hold on to, and in lieu of a bathroom fan, there was a small window that overlooked some new construction at the Palms Hotel and Casino.Both the sleeping area and the bathroom were spotless and were cleaned every day. The cleaning staff was very friendly and helpful, and when we had a problem with the bathroom light, they got it fixed right away!However, despite finding the room very comfortable, we did have a few problems (other than the tiny bathroom). We found that the lighting in the bathroom was very poor, so if you took a shower at night, the shower curtain blocked the light and you were basically washing in the dark (the window is helpful for some light during the day). We also found the beds were a bit too high, as my mother had a very hard time trying to get in and out. We also found that the hotel does not have central air, and each room has it’s own air conditioning unit. The unit in our room was extremely noisy, especially when it started up. I had to set it so that it would run all the time, otherwise we would have been startled each time it turned on. We also found the HDTV to be a bit hard to get used to, as some of the stations were not HDTV compatible, so the shows appeared a bit weird. Also, when the television was turned on, the volume automatically started quite loud. Not too bad during the day, but at three in the morning, it would not have been appreciated by the people in the next room. The room doors also slammed shut, but it was not too bad.During evening hours, you had to show your room key to a security guard in order to get to your room. However, during most other times, anyone could go up to the rooms, which sort of defeated the purpose of having security at all.We found the casino area to be very large, with lots of room to move around in. Quite a cross-section of society gamble at the Gold Coast, both young and old, which made us feel very comfortable. There were lots of slot and video poker machines, as well as an entire section devoted to table games, and another section for sports betting. You can play bingo upstairs, and you can bowl a few games if you want at the bowling alley.We ate breakfast every morning (except the day we left) at the Ports O’Call Buffet, which is a great value at $6.95 plus tax. It has very basic food choices, but it is all fresh and very delicious, with made-to-order omelets, fresh fruit, crepes, blueberry pancakes, breakfast burritos, and even some tasty pastries. We also had the dinner buffet twice, once for steak night and once for seafood night. I really enjoyed steak night, as when I asked for mine well done, that is what I got, and it was fantastic (unlike the steak night at the Fremont). As for Seafood night, there were tons of crab legs (mostly chilled but some cooked), but not much of anything else. We ended up eating lots of popcorn shrimp, which wasn’t too bad. Both nights also had the basic standard buffet items, but all were fresh and definitely very good.We also had the graveyard special at the Monterey Room the morning we left, and that was a complete disaster. While my mother could at least eat her breakfast of scrambled eggs, sausages, hash browns and toast, my scrambled eggs were runny, my hash browns were burned to a crisp, and my huge ham-steak was almost completely black. I never like to waste food as I always think of the starving people in Africa, but in this case I think even they would forgive me…. I did manage to eat the toast and not much else…We also received two coupon books full of offers. The only two we took advantage of was receiving a free souvenir pack of used casino playing cards at the Gift Shop and a free (large) scoop of delicious ice cream from Katie’s Korner Ice Cream Parlor (yum)!The Gold Coast is located west of The Strip on Flamingo Road, across the street from both the Rio and the Palms. I walked briskly to Las Vegas Boulevard from my hotel room and it took about thirty minutes. It would probably take slower walkers about forty-five minutes to an hour to do the same, so I would recommend taking the free shuttle to The Strip, which stops out front.If you decide to stay at the Gold Coast, I have a few tips for you. Park on the second floor of the parking garage on the Rio side. You will be close to the hotel check-in and your car will stay cool from the summer sun. Also, for some strange reason the hotel rooms start on Floor 1 and not Floor 2. This is very confusing, as you think Floor 1 is the casino floor, but that is Floor L for Lobby. Don’t make the same mistake as I and other guests did, it’s a long wait for the elevator to arrive again!Overall, we enjoyed our stay at the Gold Coast. The staff was very friendly, the room was very comfortable and clean, and the food at the buffet was very good. The casino had lots of different slot machines for both my mother and I to play. While we didn’t win, we found the machines would give you quite a bit of play for your money (unlike the casinos on The Strip), so we liked that. I also liked the fact that I could play 9/6 Jacks or Better, which is a scarce commodity anywhere in Las Vegas now.Our stay wasn’t perfect though, with the loud air conditioner, high beds, and absolutely tiny bathroom. But for the price ($50 a night plus tax) and with the additional value of four free breakfast and dinner buffets and two coupon books, it is hard to really complain too much.	
Jun 18 2007	No question this is a two star hotel	the minute we walked into the hotel, we were attacked by a strong tobacco odor. The hotel has obviously been around for too long, no sign of rehabbing the rooms. The bathroom was small, the shower was prefabbed and tiny. I was here only because I was attending an event here and the cost of the event includes accommodations. Not my choice of hotel to stay in.	
Jun 11 2007 	Overall good for the price	We had been to the Gold Coast before, but never to stay in the hotel. We spent June 6th and 7th there and overall, it was a pretty good experience, especially for the price (29.00 per night). The positives were the price was great, the room was very quiet, the 32 in tv was a nice touch. Check in was quick and easy and we checked out using the TV, so that wasn't a problem either. Security checked room keys each evening and made sure nobody got upstairs without one. They offered us a 1pm checkout when we checked in, and since our plane left late that day it was a very welcome offer. The 10.99 porterhouse steak dinner in the Monterey Room was delicious and perfectly cooked and they were happy to give us a soda in place of the beer that usually comes with that special. There was an ironing board with an iron in the room, a nice extra. The coupon book had nice freebies in it and came in very handy. We needed a refrigerator for medication and it was brought very quickly, and when the a/c went out they sent someone up within 20 minutes to check it out. The customer service was exceptional at this hotel. The negatives: The mattress was one of those memory foam ones, and we just couldn't get used to it. We like more support than those give, but again the price of the room made up for that. The bathroom was super tiny, you had to lean against the tub to close the door to do your business. The color in the bathroom (mud brown) was kind of depressing too(but the water pressure was good). The a/c was very very noisy and worked erratically until they sent someone up to check it out. After they changed the absolutely filthy filter, and adjusted the thermostat it kept the room cooler, but it was still super noisy.Overall, it was a good place to stay, and I would book there again for a short stay, Because of the bed though, I would probably skip this hotel and go to the South Point for longer than two nights.	
Jun 6 2007 	Great for the Price	We stayed here from 5/31 through 6/4 and overall had a pretty good experience. Arrived in the evening around 6pm to check-in and zipped right through the process without any problems. Got a room on the second floor overlooking an alleyway and some nearby apartments. The room was satisfactory; dated some but came with iron and board, coffee makers, and a shower with lots of pressure and hot water. Since we were there in LV to run about the Strip and take in the sights, the room more then met our needs. We never heard anyone other then the occasional person laughing or talking walking down the hallway and the AC kept the room at a nice even temperature for us. In our next trip when we go back we'll probably request this floor. It was extremely easy to dart onto the elevator and get down onto the casino floor. The flat panel TV was great as was the bed - very comfortable. The bathroom is very tiny and has a window. The parking ramp is next to the casino and can be quite an adventure for taking bags to the hotel. We always parked on the second floor of the ramp so it was up escalators, across a skywalk, then down escalators and then to check-in. From there its down and through the casino floor past the the card games toward several of the eating spots. It is a haul and I wished it had been designed differently. The fitness center and the pool are off the doorway where security sits to monitor people headed into the hotel. Its very odd walking down this alleyway to get to them; the pool is tiny but the fitness center has a good selection of equipment to use. One note we found out - if you want to use the fitness center, you need to have your card programmed for it and specifically mention that at the front desk- otherwise the card wont open the center. You'll have to sign a waiver prior to getting the card reprogrammed.The coupon book is pretty standard in comparison to other casino books. The food was great here and its nearby the Rio which has in our estimation the best buffet in town. We ate at the Monterrey room several times and there wasnt one item we didnt like. The Kung Pao off the asian menu there was ridiculously good. Their T-bone steak special was also very good.The only negatives we encountered were the slowwwwww service of the cocktail waitresses, a tub drain that at times couldnt quite keep up with the water, and the shuttle service. I discourage using the shuttle. While its technically a service, the couple of times we used it it was lengthy waits, no set idea of when it was coming and going, and left to chance. Staff at GC couldnt give a good answer on when it was scheduled other then 'about every 20-30 minutes' which was never the case. There are several different shuttles which makes it all the more problematic since one would pull up for the Orleans and you wanted the Strip, etc. The shuttles to the Strip stop at Bill's formerly the Barbary Coast. It was luck the one time we found it there and thankfully the driver held up for us to get on. I think you're better off with a rental car or a taxi. Life's too short to wait on the whims of the shuttle. As an aside, we found the road between Rio and GC, Valley View, to be a great parallel to LV Blvd. We got anywhere we needs in a few minutes using that to the cross streets on the Strip with very little traffic no matter when we were on it.	
Jun 5 2007 	Good gambling with great off-Strip feel	My first stay at the Gold Coast was five nights starting with Sunday of Memorial Day weekend. Check-in was quick considering I had three overlapping reservations (for cost purposes). The clerk was quite helpful and set my stay up so I did not have to check out for each reservation. I used the TV system to check-out since I did not have any comps to be applied to my bill.I was given a room on the seventh floor with a view of the south Strip and the Palms. The room was kept extremely clean and the housekeeping service was above-average. Yes, the bathrooms are small. No, the rooms are not fancy. Noise from the hall and adjoining rooms was a minor problem at times, but nothing that ruined my stay or would keep me from returning.If one mile off-Strip with free shuttle service to the Strip is a bad location in your mind, do not stay here. If you want the glitz and glamour of the Bellagio, do not stay here. The place is far from dirty, but it is also far from looking &quot;new.&quot; The Gold Coast is a smaller property with a great local feel to it. The casino is a bit smoky, but the gambling is great with plenty of tables with low minimums, friendly dealers and a lot of full-pay JoB video poker. The sportsbook is also very impressive and gets very busy by mid-morning. The pool is very small, but pretty quiet mid-day. Not a great atmosphere if you like to lay out by the pool in Las Vegas.As for restaurants, the buffet and the Monterey Room are average; however, the Cortez Room is a great steak place with ridiculously low prices. A must try whether you stay at the Gold Coast or not.For the person who said there was too much white trash at the Gold Coast: As a 30-something male, I think you would probably have more of a chance of having a negative encounter with the 20-something males across the street at the Palms who have something to prove than you would with the slightly older crowd you will see at the Gold Coast. With that said, I would not characterize anyone I saw at the Gold Coast as white trash.You will be hard-pressed to find a better bargain for a place with so much to offer that is within a 5 minute cab or shuttle ride from the mid-Strip and a short walk to the Rio or the Palms. I would not recommend staying here or anywhere off-Strip for your first trip to Las Vegas, nor would I suggest the Gold Coast if you need to feel like you are in the middle of the action. If you want a place with a bit of a slower pace, stay at the Gold Coast!	
Jun 4 2007 	Clean Comfortable Room	This is my second stay at the GC. I prefer their sister property, The Orleans but the rates at almost every hotel on Sunday before Memorial Day was over $100. I received an internet offer for $48 for that night so of course I booked that night at the GC. The rooms are average but clean and the bed was so comfortable. The bathroom is very small and would not work for a very large person. I do love the casino though. I have better luck at the Gold Coast than any other casino I've gambled at. The restaurants are pretty good but this time the service was pretty slow. They looked to be understaffed which is where Boyd Gaming seems to be doing to their properties these days. I would recommend for a short cheap stay.	
Jun 2 2007 	GREAT STAY but bad experience at checkout left sour taste in mouth	We were here the last week in May and had a great stay - a bad experience at checkout is the only thing keeping me from giving it 5 stars. The Gold Coast was a quiet oasis from the noise and humanity of the strip. Check in was quick - we got a king smoking which was requested. Nice southern strip view of mountains, Luxor and planes landing at the airport. Room was large, bathroom small as others have said, but it wasn't a big deal. Very clean, maid did a great job every day we were there. Great TV. WIndows opened which was a plus for this nonsmoker married to a smoker. Hotel does cater to an older crowd but us 40-somethings didn't find that to be a problem. We were there to relax and unwind and the big band/wedding singer type bands were great. 5 dollar BJ was always available. 9/6 JoB Video Poker was plentyful.  Food was cheap and good. We had the steak buffet on Sunday night and it was the best steak from a buffet that we had ever had. Ice cream was awesome. Coupon book was excellent - free drinks, match play, ice cream, two for one specials. This isn't the place to stay if you want to lounge around the pool. It was very small, but not crowded. Shuttle to the strip was easy to use and left us at Bill's (formerly the Barbary Coast) which is right next to Bally's and across from the Bellagio! Great location mid strip. We also took the shuttle to sister property Orleans. Wish they had a shuttle to Sam's Town or the Boyd properties downtown. Here was the only problem. At checkout, I first went to check and see if I earned any comps and the Gold Coast Club lady said yes and that I could have it applied to my room charges. Then went to the front desk and they said no, I couldn't. I said I had just been to the comps desk and they said yes I could. She phoned to check and 25 minutes later, all of it standing at the front desk, waiting for someone to confirm that I wasn't lying, I ended up back at the comps desk (very upset) so they could give me a voucher for cash. Apparently the &quot;card reader&quot; was down at the front desk. Why did it take 25 minutes for the front desk to realize this? Why the phone calls? Why did I have to go back to the comps desk for an explanation? This forced us to miss eating a sit down lunch before we went to the airport. I know this is minor and I had a GREAT stay, but it left me feeling bad.  All in all, we will be back because it was a good hotel for a very modest price. Definitely stay here but learn from me and leave some extra time at checkout.	
May 31 2007 	Nice hotel for cheap price	Hotel was nice and clean, staff was friendly but front desk was slow.Upon arrival there was a long line of people waiting to check in, I waited maybe 20-30 mins in line. The casino was a bit small, but for all you black jack players, you must play the &quot;super fun deck&quot;. It's a double decker and your chances of winning are greater than playing a 6 decker. The location of this hotel/casino was not the greatest but it was okay. It's located maybe 2 miles off the strip but it's definately worth the money. (less than $100/night compared to $400/night)	
May 29 2007 	Really ok good location	Memorial day weekend, so all Las Vegas hotels were ful and/or too expensive for our budget. We were only staying for one night and got a deal through Travelworm, 70 dollar/night for a room with two beds. We got a basic room, kind of what you get from a decent motel. Clean and ok space. But the internet was 10 dollar/day, common in hotels but still it felt kinda expensive.The Casino is kind of old with an older clientel, but we thought that' was kinda cool! (We are a couple in our 30:s) We also enjoyed their pool and fitnessfacility. Breakfastbuffé was ok, but we were in a hurry so we couldn't really enjoy it. My husband liked the pokerroom, cheap and fun! =) Overall, a priceworthy stay with walking distance to the strip.	
May 29 2007 	Best place to crash in Vegas (let your friends pay for the Palms!)	We usually have friends that get us comped at the Hard Rock or Palms. This time we had to pay, and it didn't make sense to pay $400 a night for a room to shower and crash for a few hours. We simple walked across the street to hang with them.For clean, safe, comfortable place to crash you could do worse.I wouldn't recomend the food (my buddy got hungry one morning and attempted the buffet), and the gambling is old school Vegas, dark, dank and serious white trash. But for about $100 a night it's an amazing place to crash.	
May 28 2007	Bad Location	Nice and clean Hotel,But BAD Location!!!	
May 20 2007 	Could do better could do worse.	We did a three night stay at the Gold Coast May 16-19.It's a decent off strip location, with easy walking access to the Palms and Rio, and shuttle service to the Orleans and strip was convenient.The room was reasonably clean, beds were comfortable, bathroom tiny, and even though we were on a non-smoking floor, the smell of smoke still wafted through the ventilation system.The hotel staff alternated between disinterested and disorganized, as did casino staff.I'd characterize it as a decent value, as our package was inexpensive, but would consider other properties for my next stay.	
May 20 2007 	Clean but very dated	My friends and I stayed for 3 nights as part of a package tour. As soon as I walked into the lobby, I wondered what I'd let myself in for. The hotel is dated and could do with a complete refurbishment. Having said that, it was reasonably clean, which is very important to me.We had requested a smoking room via our travel agent but this hadn't been honoured. We asked to be moved but were told this couldn't be done until the next morning at the earliest, when a room might be vacated. Early the next morning, we went back to reception and were given a smoking room straight away.You have to show your room key to security at night to access the lifts but a couple of times I went to my room on my own and felt uneasy because the corridors are long, narrow and intimidating. Our room was a good size with two double beds, table and chairs and a coffee machine. (The coffee was disgusting so I'd recommend using the coffee shop downstairs in the hotel.) There was also a brand new flat screen TV on the wall, which looked completely out of place in the dated room. I don't know about anyone else but I would have preferred a more modern decor over a shiny new TV.Now the bizarre bathroom. This can't have been changed since the hotel opened in 1986. You have an open dressing area with a sink and mirror, and a clothes rail. This area offers no privacy, as there is no door and it's right by the window. Next to this there is a tiny bath/shower room with toilet. I practically had to stand in the bath to close the door. The bath was an odd beige moulded plastic unit from floor to ceiling (in the absence of tiles), with a beige toilet. It was clean but totally unappealing - there's definitely something to be said for a nice white bathroom suite.We had a good view of the Stratosphere, the Wynn and Circus Circus from our room but I know others face a brick wall.We didn't eat at the hotel because a) we chose to eat elsewhere while we were out and b) without going into detail, we'd heard stories from several people in our group which had put us off.Personally, I felt that two days in Las Vegas was long enough - I much preferred my stay in Los Angeles. For that reason, I don't think I'll return to Las Vegas in a hurry and if I did, I would not stay at the Gold Coast. I'd spend a bit more money and stay at a nicer hotel on the strip.	
May 20 2007 	very nice for the price	We stayed at this modest, very clean hotel for 5 nights the first week of May.We found it to be very quiet, clean, and a perfect place to get away from the hustle and bustle of the Strip. Altough if the Strip is where you want to be, the free shuttle is very convenient. Our stay included the breakfast and dinner buffets. We took advantage of the breakfast all 5 days which was great, but the dinner only once since it was just average.Besides, there were many other restaurants we wanted to visit. The room we had was spacious with a king size bed. As noted in many other reviews, the bathroom is very small,but again, very clean which is important to us. For the price and convenience, I would stay here again. For those of you considering it, keep in mind it is not the Wynn or Bellagio.	
May 17 2007	Not in big league but worth a stay.	We stayed at this hotel between 13th-16th May 2007. Although this hotel is not in the same league as Bellagio, Wynn hotel, Venicia, Bally's or all the major hotels it is much better than most of the others.The Gold Coast is situated a short walk away from The Rio and The Palms, it also has a free shuttle-bus to the Strip and drops off outside it's sister hotel The Orlean's.Having been inside all of the above named hotels, which are indeed very grand and luxurious; The Gold Coast has a more homely feel and not all the hustle and bustle of the others which are constantly hectic and busy with all sightseers. Agreed the Gold Coast does not have all the glitz and glamour of some of the big ones but there is plenty to do and caters for every type of gambler.The hotel has 24hr room service and all the restaurants within are very cheap. The Port O' Call buffet in particular was excellent value. The all you can eat breakfast costs just £3.50 and is available from midnight to around midday. There is every choice of food imaginable. The other restaurants are fine also with a 14oz steak costing about £5.00 with a free beer.The rooms are spacious with very cosy beds, our double bed was about 7ft wide. However, the bathrooms were not that great in comparision. The rooms did not have a safe or fridge but along every corridor is an ice machine which is free to guests.The swimming pool area is very nice and the hotel provides free sunbeds and towels. This area does not get busy as most of the guests are inside gambling, so there is always plenty of space around the pool which also has a jacuzzi next to it.All hotels in Vegas are open to the public and as long as your having a flutter, waitresses will supply you with comlimentary drinks. Always tip them at least one Dollar each time they bring the drinks and they will supply you free drinks all night.We went to seeThe Rat Pack show at the Greek Isles hotel and I have to say it was not the best &quot;Rat Pack&quot; show I have seen. They try to replicate the original show from &quot;The Sands&quot; and although word for word they have it mastered, the singers themselves are not that good. I've seen much better variations in England.If you get a taxi to Freemont (a must see) if only for the laser shows in the sky, this should cost no more than 16 Dollars. Be careful on the return journey and agree fare with driver as some of the hispanic taxi drivers try it on and drive the long way round the freeway or will sit in traffic with the meter ticking away.Visit the Ballagio hotel, you'll be amazed at how vast it is inside, They have a computerised water show at the front of the hotel which is in operation every 30 mins during the day and every 15 mins at night.It would be a shame not to see the Grand Canyon whilst in Vegas, and I can reccommend &quot;Kings Airlines&quot; who operate helicopter, aeroplane and bus tours. We paid approx. £140 each for an 80 minute flight in plane all over the Grand Canyon, which flys over The Hoover Dam and other sights along the way. This tour included a visit to the Hulapai Indian reservation with a meal included 4000 ft above the Colorado River. Brochures for this company can be found at the &quot;Bell desk&quot; in the foyer of the hotel.Getting back to the Hotel itself. Once you have been inside some of the other major hotels and seen just how busy they get you'll appreciate The Gold Coast Hotel. It's far from quiet and has all the amenities you'd want it's just that it isn't as hectic.	
May 10 2007	What a piece of Junk!	Came out to Vegas this past weekend for a buddy's wedding party in a suite at the Palms. Had hoped to stay there but that room block sold out quickly because of cinco de mayo, the fight, the derby, etc..., so decided to stay across the street at Gold Coast. The price, at about $130/night was pretty good too. Glad I didnt bring the gf, she would have dumped me on the spot. This place doesnt belong in vegas, maybe Gary, IN or the Gaza Strip, dont they have some casino there?The room is similar in quality to a Comfort Inn or Days Inn except that it has a 27 inch LCD tv hanging on the wall. Other than that, the room furniture was totally crappy, the bed not particularly comfortable, the bathroom was split between the sink area and the shower area (hate that), and the closet had those crappy plastic hangars junky hotels use to keep you from stealing them, and one of them was broken. The drain in the bathroom sink was rusted, looked awful. The north facing room had a direct view of the south wall of the casino structure. pathetic. Hotel room had high speed wifi, but it was $11 for a 24 hour period. Hotel also had 24-hour room service, which was pretty good and brought me up a chicken sandwich and a 750 of vodka at about 3 in the morning. Took about 45 mins, not too bad, and the prices were totally reasonable. That was the best part of the place.The casino downstairs was pretty lousy- just one pit of table games, which were mostly single deck blackjack or some &quot;super-fun&quot; derivation i couldnt stand. Hotel had a shuttle to Bill's on the strip but it didnt start early enough one morning for me to use it, and other times I had to wait about 10 mins, not terrible. Kind of felt like those short schoolbuss' the special kids use, the rest of the passengers actually seemed like they belonged on there... regular cast members out of that 60s horror pic Night of the Living Dead. Latest check-out they would agree to was 1pm, nothing after, even when I offered to pay some fee, and they readily volunteered they werent sold out the next night, but that they dont give late check out, period. totally sucks. Had one meal at the Monterey Room, which I think is the 24 hour joint. French toast for $4, fine, I'll take it. half the place looked like it just escaped from a sanitarium, except that roving keno girl, she was a looker, kept giving me the eye too. too bad i dont know how to play these crazy asian numbers games.Never coming back here, just a totally mediocre dump. Gold Coast tried its damndest to de-fang the vegas experience for me, but I was determined not to let this lumbering forlorn torture chamber do that, so after dropping a grand at the Playboy Club, round of golf at Wynn, party in the Kingpin suite, and pizza true to the secretive Puck Family recipe at Spago, I was back, baby!I'll tell you, that 3am $15 Smirnoff on the room service menu really did the trick though, try getting that at Bellagio!	
May 7 2007 	I hate my hotel room	My boyfriend and I went to Las Vegas this past wknd mainly for his final bowling game that took place at Gold Coast. We actually would have never considered staying there; however, after all the researches I've done on other hotels for this Cinco de Mayo, Kentucky Derby, and Oscar de la Hoya fight wknd, we had to give up and book Gold Coast instead. All other hotels on the Vegas strip were above $399, which we just could not afford, so we ended up booking Gold Coast for about $100 a night. When we first got to our hotel floor, we were actually quite excited for the fact that they put us in the first room closest to the elevator lobby. Not until the next morning, I found out that we were in the worst room possible. Right across the hallway, there was a Maintenance Staff room. We stayed at this hotel for 4 days 3 nights, and every single morning, starting between 7 - 8am, the housekeeping ladies would start their work. They kept going in and out, in and out of this Maintenance staff room, which had this heavy door banging closed everytime they walked in or out. Another problem was these ladies just would not keep their conversation down for nothing. Let me remind you that it was 7am. Everyone knows that if you're in Vegas, you probably don't go to sleep at night until the wee-hours, and no one will hardly wake up at 7am. These ladies were talking like they are in a very noisy flea market or something, and they didn't talk, they screamed at each other (in Spanish). This happened every single morning, and we couldn't get relocated to another room due to the crazy wknd it was. Nothing in the room was up to any standard, except the nice flat screen TV. The individual A/C unit was loud as hell when it's on. The two supposedly queen beds (feel more like a twin to me) were terrible. It felt like the springs in the mattress were near death. Also, the bathroom was terrible. I've never been in such a tiny bathroom ever in Las Vegas. I thought I went to Europe or something where they're famous for having smaller bathroom. It's America here, and it's Las Vegas... what happened? I guess there's definitely a great reason why all other hotels were charging $400, $500, or $600 a night, while Gold Coast was charging $100... I should have known better... O well, I learned my lesson.	
Apr 25 2007 	Cold showers and no ice cream.........	Just got back from a three-night stay at the Gold Coast on April 25th. This was our second stay, the first being back in March of 06'.Our March 2006 stay was great, and I wrote a glowing review on here, despite the fact that the bathrooms are ridiculously small and very dark, and the rooms are clean but just adequate, with terrible views.I can not write a positive review this time, quite the opposite. We were excited to get back to Vegas for our second visit, and to the Gold Coast, since we had such a pleasant experience last time. We booked the hotel a month in advance and requested a higher floor facing the street. Sure, said the booking agent. We got neither, the girl at the desk said it was because of a bowling convention that was staying there. I guess bowlers get preference? What we did get was a room on the 5th floor facing an ugly roof top that had no hot water the entire stay. When I complained the morning after we arrived about the cold water, I was told that it was because we were at the &quot;end of the hall&quot; and to &quot;let the water run.&quot; That night when getting ready for dinner we let the water run for 20 minutes and it never got beyond tepid. When I called to the office, I wasn't offered anything. We took tepid/ice cold showers the entire stay. Twice I called for the manager; twice I was told she was not in; twice I was told she'd call us promptly upon returning; and twice she did not have the courtesy to contact us as promised. She never did respond to our call. The package we were on, the Spring Getaway came with a 25$ dining credit that we were not able to use because the desk personnel didn't set up our account properly, which caused us embarassment in the restaurant twice when trying unsucessfully to use it. Both times we tried to use this credit, we were left standing in the front of the restaurant for 20 minutes while they were trying to &quot;verify&quot; the credit, calling the front desk which was 30 feet away, but who would not answer the phone.The buffet food was so-so, and the restaurant food was just okay. The dealers were mostly rude, the casino stinks terribly of cigarettes because it is old and has terrible ventilation. The pool is small and nothing to mention, really. The coupon book that they promise you may not be worth a million dollars, but it does have a coupon for a nice bottle of wine with dinner, an ice cream cone, free drink, etc. Nothing Earth shattering, but still we counted on getting it as it is on their website, and also because we got one last year and really liked it. This stay, however, we were told they were out of the coupon books but would be gettting new ones at the end of the week. We were leaving on Wednesday, we asked would they still honor the coupons? We were told basically, too bad, the coupon book is &quot;complimentary&quot; and is not guaranteed. This irked me. I wanted the free bottle of wine and ice cream cone :-) They could have definitely handled this better, not just to say that they'd have more at the end of the week when they knew we weren't going to be there. They could have given us a free cone and bottle as a gesture, but they chose not to, and that irked me.In the end, we got a 20$ credit off our room because of the cold water. I think I've taken more relaxing showers while camping, and the fact I had ice cold water in my room, was worth more than 20 bucks. But, whatever. I would not ever stay here again, which is a shame, because I've been speaking so highly of them for the past year to others. Next time we will stay anywhere but the Gold Coast, mainly because I like hot showers and hotels that deliver what they promise as &quot;complimentary&quot;, even if it is only an ice cream cone and a cheap bottle of free wine.	
Apr 23 2007 	Very Basic	We stayed over the weekend and found the hotel clean enough but all the extras were pretty basic. The pool was so small that it wasn't worth going to. The clientele in the casino has a lot to be desired. The rooms were clean and large, bathrooms are a bit old and need new tile. The coffee shop was decent but the Chinese food restaurant had food that was not recognizable. Casino is small so you can find your friends easy enough but there was no glitz that is for sure. It's good enough for the money but if you want glamour, stay on the strip.	
Apr 3 2007 	Gold Coast is affordable clean and convenient	Our recent trip to Vegas was for a convention, so my husband and I didn't want to spend a lot of money on a hotel room we weren't going to spend much time in. The Gold Coast was an affordable and excellentchoice. The room was clean when we arrived and housekeeping did a nice job while we were there in keeping it clean. The hotel offers shuttle service to the strip which was very convenient. The drop-off location was right across the street from the hotel hosting our convention. Unfortunately, the shuttle didn't start running until after our morning sessions started, but there are a couple of CAT locations (bus stops) just across Flamingo Street that we rode to the strip. The bus is easy to catch and cheaper than a cab. While the Gold Coast isn't on the strip, it offers plenty of fun; plus, there are two nearby hotels to enjoy. And, we spent plenty of time on the strip and shopping at area outlet malls. While at the Gold Coast, we participated in the free Craps lesson. Still don't understand though. We played Bingo...of course, much easier, but those ladies calling the numbers are fast! We were some of the younger ones in the Bingo hall, and had a great time. The hotel offers a nice coffee bar and a delicious Italian restaurant. I'm still thinking about my yummy dinner. And, don't miss out on the hotel coupons! Each guest receives a book of coupons when they arrive. The coupon book included discounts at the hotel restaurants, coffee shop, bingo, a free scoop of ice cream, a free drink, and lots more! We were a captive audience, but why not take part in the discounts. Hopefully, you're still with me because the most importantmessage here is that we would stay at the Gold Coast again...whether for business or pleasure. We walked across the street one night to eat at a restaurant in the Rio (cool balcony on the roof too). The Palms is across the street in another direction. We didn't make it there, but we may next time. Who needs the strip and the crowded sidewalks full of tourists carrying monster margaritas?!	
Mar 28 2007 	Great hotel	We stayed here from March 20th to March 25th. We had a suite on the 10th floor. What a clean and spacious room and the price was excellent. When we checked in, Saturday night was fully booked, but with a quick click of the computer and we were in and another excellent rate. The employees are all very helpful and housekeeping did a superb job. The food was a great choic also. Excellent and prompt service. The coupon book at check in was great for saving some money. We walked across the street and used the shuttle service from the Rio that ran until 4 am.I would highly recommend the Gold Coast. We will definitely be back.Thank you for a wonderful stay	
Mar 25 2007 	Two Thumbs Up!	We stayed at the Gold Coast from 19-22 Mar and had a great time. The hotel and rooms are very clean. The buffet is very reasonable and filling - actually much better quality than those on the Strip that cost 2 or 3 times as much. The coupons books that are provided at check-in were a great surprise - and very useful. A free shuttle bus runs every 15-20 minutes to and from the Strip. And as mentioned in other posts, this hotel is quite popular with locals - nice locals :-). The front desk was very accomodating by providing a late check-out for us due to our flight time. We will definitely stay here again!	
Mar 24 2007 	Brillant hotel and base for a Las Vegas holiday!	I'm a travel agent and me and my boyfriend stayed in this hotel for two weeks and found it had everything we needed. When we booked this hotel came up a couple of hundred pound cheaper than a hotel on the strip and I would definatley say that it was excellent value for money. Although it wasn't on the strip, it was on a road that ran between the Bellagio and Ceasers Palace. It took us five minutes to walk to these hotels but because it was so hot we normally took the free shuttle bus to the Barbary Coast which is right in the middle of the strip, facing Ceasers!I loved everything about our hotel, the facilities in it were brilliant, especially the 24 hr 70 lane bowling alley, we went here on our first day at 6 in the morning because we were jetlagged and it was only £5 for an hour!I couldn't fault the hotel room, especially the really soft bed! It was very modern and had a lovely big flat screen tv! The only bad thing I could say about our room is that the bathroom was a bit small and dark but it was cleaned everyday which I was very pleased about. The hotel rooms were in a seperate building from the casino and you had to show your room key to get to your room so I always felt very safe.I would definatley recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to viva Las Vegas!	
Mar 22 2007 	Good basic hotel	My husband and I stayed one night at the Gold Coast. It was nice, and a good bargain considering the cost of hotels on the Strip. We paid $175 (including tax) for a night's stay, compared to $250-$350 for hotels on the Strip. Plus, the Gold Coast gave us two coupon books upon check-in that had a bunch of great deals, including free scoop of ice cream, free cocktails, discounts at the Seattle's Best Coffee Shop, etc. Our room was a nice basic hotel room - very clean and fairly spacious. We had a king-sized bed that was comfortable. The bathroom was tiny but very clean. The rest of the hotel was nice - we had a good breakfast at the Port O' Call Buffet, and the casino seemed popular with locals. Service was also good all-around. Would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 18 2007 	Great Off-Strip Choice	Gold Coast Casino Hotel (Off-Strip) West Flamingo Road Las Vegas. We were delighted with our stay at this pleasant, budget oriented hotel. Rooms were basic and clean, nice flat screen tv and sitting area. Bathroom is extremely snug- but has a little window to the outside which is rarely seen these days. Dressing area and basin outside of bathroom-behind a well designed walled in luggage storage area. Clientele appears to be mostly locals. Nice buffet, Chinese Restaurant, Steak House, Ice Cream Shoppe, Clam Bar, Coffee Shop, and Italian Restaurant. Lively and basic pool area. Many bars and lounges throughout- including a popular entertainment lounge with live bands. Take the free shuttle to sister properties. Note: Barbary Coast Casino will sooon leave this hotel group, which may cancel the free access to the Strip. Walk across the street to either Palms or Rio Casino. The Strip is walkable- albeit somewhat cumbersome and long. Well designed and dramatic public spaces. Oh, and a big Bingo Hall as well as a bowling alley. Good budget choice for Las Vegas.	
Mar 16 2007 	Nice Accomodations	We chose the Gold Coast because of its proximity to the Strip without actually being right on the Strip. The rates were excellant compared to the other hotels. Our room with a King-size bed was as pictured on their website. The room was not fancy but, was clean and inviting. The linens were bright white and changed three times during the week we were there. The gambling odds were better than most others we have stayed at. We ate daily in the 24 hour cafe and the selection and taste was very good. All staff that we encountered were polite and helpful. The only two items that bothered us were: the coffeemaker in the room is a single cup machine (we love to sit and drink quite a bit of coffee in the morning while watching the news), and several of the guests were loud in the hallways during the night between 12A-5A. We would definitely stay again.	
Mar 15 2007	Loved the Gold Coast	Stayed in the Gold Coast for a week in March to celebrate a 40th birthday. It was excellent. Rooms are spotless. Hotel staff bend over backwords to help you. Location is excellent, you are approx. 1 mile from the centre of the resort. They run a shuttle bus all day to &amp; from the strip. The hotel &amp; casino has a very friendly and relaxed atmosphere. We all gambled &amp; won more than we lost!! We will book to stay again at the Gold Coast when we next visit Las Vegas.	
Mar 13 2007	Really Recommend this hotel.	We have previously stayed at the MGM but decided to try a hotel off the strip. The price for this hotel was excellent. Would certainly stay her again as the savings on accommodation can be used for enjoyment. The shuttle service to and from the strip was excellent, never had to wait very long either way. Couldn't fault anything at the hotel and would really recommend it to anyone.	
Mar 8 2007	Enjoyable stay	Stayed here for 5 nights end Feb, got a great rate through Priceline, especially for the Friday and Saturday nights of my stay when the hotel was sold out.Room: I received a double queen bedded room on the 1st floor at the end of a long corridor with a view of a white wall! I didnt mind this because I got the room for a bargain price but some people may wish to request a room with a view if thats important.Room was recently renovated with good amenities and of a decent size for 1 or 2 people. Beds were comfortable and although the bathroom was small the shower pressure was good and the water hot whenever I needed it. Plenty of coffee provided for the single cup coffeee machine.Casino: Excellent casino, I found the slots to be loose and the dealers friendly although it could be difficult to find a space at the tables on a weekend night due to the sheer volume of people. As others have noted the casino can get very smokey, surely its time to extend the Nevada clean air act to casinos as well as restaurants &amp; bars? Restaurants: I ate at the buffet a few times and generally found the food to be fresh, tasty and an excellent value including the desserts which were excellent. I can also recommend the coffee shop which served up an excellent $2.95 graveyard special ham and eggs. I also tried the 24 hour $9.99 t-bone steak special which was great value even though the meat wasnt a good cut. A bit too much fat for my liking. Also enjoyed the ice cream from Kates Korner.Didnt use the shuttle as I was driving, the hotel has easy access to the Interstate and strip areas.I would recommend the hotel as a good value alternative to strip hotels, and the coupon book you receive at check in with free drinks etc makes it even better value.	
Mar 7 2007	Enjoyed our stay at the Gold Coast!	We have stayed at the Orleans several times over the past few years and liked it. When we were planning to go to Vegas the first two days of Thanksgiving week this year, we decided to give the Gold Coast a try. This was mainly because we found an unbelievable rate of $20 a night! (They were celebrating their 20th anniversary). We laughed later, because we realized we were paying more to board our dog each night than for our room. We really enjoyed our stay at the Gold Coast! The bathrooms are rather outdated, but were very clean. The room was fine, the bed was comfortable and we enjoyed the casino. I do think that the casino had a little more of a smoke issue than the Orleans, but really- they all do a little. We found the shuttle to be very convenient and quicker than from the Orleans as it is a little closer. And we used the city bus a couple of times when the shuttle was not right out front . You just have to walk across the street in front of the Palms to catch it. Since we bought a pass to use on the Deuce along the strip, it was no extra to use that bus as well. We also ate in the buffet for breakfast and found it to be a good meal and an excellent value! The only thing I found a little depressing was the view from our window of some apartments behind the hotel. But that was not really a problem! We are planning to stay at the Gold Coast again soon!It is an excellent value for the money, even when they are not running such an amazing special!	
Feb 24 2007 	break from the snow	we just returned from a 6six day stay at the gold coast. The rooms were very clean and new beds, bath room small but shower was great. we ate at all the resturants and all were very good. The best part of this place are the locals who fill the casino every night, all the people we met were freindly and nice to talk to. we stay at the gold coast three or for weeks a year, we have stayed on the strip and have had good times but we think that the gold coast is a good location, close to the strip, the highway if you want to go downtown, or explore, and the price is very good. will be there aging in june.	
Feb 22 2007 	Great Stay	Wonderful stay at the Gold Coast. Hotel was better than expected. Used the shuttle bus to the strip on many occassions and if we wanted a later shuttle bus at night just popped into Ballys and used the Shuttle bus to the Rio,If you are on a budget holiday we found the food and drink at the GC to be very reasonably priced. Used the breakfast buffet most mornings for $7 and didnt really need to eat again until eveing.Our stay at the GC was topped off with a $400 win on the slots the morning we checked out. All in all we loved our stay at the GC, we didnt pay strip Rates and we felt we got more than we paid for. $500 for a week in Vegas was excellent value for money.	
Feb 19 2007 	Nice clean hotel but	We stayed from 2/6/07 - 2/9/07. The room was clean, location was good. The only real problem we had was the hot water. We were in a room at the very end of the hall and in order to get hot water we had to run the water for at least 15 minutes. Not a big deal but not very convinient either. Everything else was good. We also used the shuttle bus to the strip which was very convienent.	
Feb 15 2007	Not for non-smokers	We stayed here over the weekend of Feb 10/11 because the hotels on the strip had astronomical rates over our dates. We have stayed at the Orleans before, but wanted to try the Gold Coast because it is slightly more convenient. It was NOT worth it. The Orleans is much nicer and the cab ride is only a few dollars more. As mentioned in other reviews, the rooms need to be refurbished. The a/c and heat unit is ancient and when it works it's very loud. The biggest drawback has got to be the smell, though. I am not a smoker and we booked a non-smoking room. The room itself had a lingering odor, but that was not the worst part. I could hardly stand the casino downstairs because it smelled so heavily of smoke. I know that most of the casinos do allow smoking and it usually doesn't bother me that much, but maybe they have an older ventilation system here or something. It was much worse at this hotel than at any of the others we went to. On the bright side it was VERY cheap and the staff was nice. The rooms were clean if a bit shabby. If you're a smoker it would probably be fine.	
Feb 14 2007 	Not Bad But Not Great Either!	My husband &amp; I stayed at the Gold Coast Hotel and Casino for four nights. Overall, the hotel was not bad. We got a fairly good rate ($70 for Sunday, $60 for the weeknights, plus they took off another 10 percent for AAA discount). The hotel is convenient to the strip and we found the shuttle service reliable (at times, we used the shuttles from the Rio which is right across the street). The room was clean, a decent size and included a refrigerator (at no extra charge), as well as a coffee maker. We basically had 2 complaints; It took over 3 hours to get checked in. Friends of ours who arrived later than us, got their room before we did. The bathroom was absolutely tiny. And be prepared to shower in the dark if you plan on bathing in the evening or night time.The hotel was certainly adequate for our stay in Las Vegas, but we're not sure that we would go back there again.	
Feb 14 2007 	Nice Alternative to the Strip	I've stayed at the Gold Coast twice during conventions in Las Vegas and its always served me well. The people at the check-in desk are very friendly and helpfull. The rooms are extremely clean and modern. The casino is just fine... there are no gimmics or fancy themes here like you find on the strip but its not junky or depressing either. Its just a basic casino... if you are looking for something more interesting, then the Rio and the Palms are walking distance away. The Strip itself is a little too far to walk but they do have a shuttle. I didn't use the shuttle so I have no idea how often it runs or how well it works. The Gold Coast does have a smallish pool and a small gym that overlooks the pool which is nice. Also the bowling alley looked pretty cool if you are into that. My only complaint during my stay in January 2007 was this... they installed flat panel LCD televisions in all the rooms which I thought was pretty cool at first. The problem is that the TVs are early generation LCDs that actually have a pretty poor picture. Its not Hi Def television and the picture is noticibly poor. Also, during the time of my stay, they did not offer any pay-per-view movies like most places offer. Maybe this was just a temporary situation. Overall, the Gold Coast was a very good value and much easier to come and go from (by car) than any place on the Strip.	
Feb 6 2007 	Stay at the Gold Coast and save money for elsewhere in las vegas	Our group booked 3 rooms in the gold coast for a week in late January and here is what we thought.First the rate was excellent ($40 per night and $90 on Friday), though I did book about six months in advance.No queue at check in, a big change from LAX where our plane was delayed for two hours and the gigantic taxi queue we met once we got out of the terminal at McCarran (we must have been in the queue for taxis close to one hour)We were given two rooms on the 7th floor and one on the 9th upon checkin. The view was better in the two rooms at the front of hotel (facing the south strip), compared to our room which was facing the north strip.The four room elevators worked well during the whole week stay and the entire place was very clean. We tried the buffet 3 times, fantastic value at $7.45 for lunch but not as good as quality as some I have been to. Monterey room was also cheap and standard above average.The bathrooms were small as people have mentioned before, but the window in the shower is so cool. The property also has a very small pool and a jacuzzi as well as gym.The business center is very expensive $3.50 for 10 minutes on the Internet, crazy....The free shuttle is very handy and there is a city bus (202) which leaves right across the street at the Palms every few minutes. ($2.50 for a day pass). The walk is less than a mile to the Bellagio or Caesars if anyone is up for that.Overall an excellent choice if staying in Las Vegas, its not the Wynn or the Bellagio but those places are about 10 times more expensive than the Gold Coast, question is are they 10 times the value considering you are only going to be in the bedroom for a few hours anyway????	
Feb 6 2007	Great value - Average Hotel	I have previously stayed at this property's sister hotel, the Barbary Coast and I guess I am a little spoiled. The good: The price was phenomenal. $45 a night can hardly be beat in Vegas.Friendly service. I left my Blackberry charger behind and immediately called the hotel after I checked out. While I was on the phone, they sent someone to the room to grab it and held it at the bell desk. The not-so-good:Location. I look back and think that I would have paid a couple bucks more to be on the Strip. The shuttle service was good. The nighttime driver was very friendly. But its doesn't start until 9:30 AM and stops at 12:30. An extra hour on either side would have been helpful.Casino. Poor ventilation compared to other places. I think that many of the dealers were trainees here. Some had little personality, and I observed some mistakes. But the limits are low for those of us who are not high-rollers.Overall though, the hotel is an excellent value. The buffet and restaurants are cheap. While some will say that you get what you pay for, sometimes all you want is a little comfort food and this hits the spot for not too much money.	
Feb 4 2007	Everything you need	Price is incredible for the amenities of the hotel. Valet parked the car and never took it out until we left at the end of our stay. We arrived at around 3:30 pm on a Tuesday afternoon and were checked in and in our room by 4 pm. The front desk staff were great and helpful as we asked many questions. We were on the eighth floor in a standard room and found it to be very spacious,clean,and comfortable.The shuttle from the hotel to the strip ran like clockwork and we used it evryday all day back and forth to the strip. The drivers of the shuttles were a hoot and loved to chat with the passengers. Casino, pool area, and fitness center was as good as anywhere on the strip. The hotel wasn't as flashy but offered everything the larger much more expensive ones did. The Port of Call buffet was the best we have been to and featured food from 7 different countries. We ate all breakfasts and most dinners there. Overall the hotel was top notch and classy. Almaost all rooms were recently redecorated and were top notch.For price, value and convenience the Gold Coast was at the top of the list . Would stay there again in a minute.	
Jan 29 2007	A Consistently Good Choice	Received (3) free nights with additional food credits through mail promotion, so again decided for 2nd year in a row to stay at the Gold Coast. It continues to meet or exceed our expectations. Often, a Hotel does a great job when you know no ones name, as was the case with this visit. All phases of service were completed in a courteous and timely fashion, as expected. The Buffet is slightly below average. We prefer, and chose on two of three nights to enjoy dinner at Ellis Island, home of the $4.99 steak dinner, and quite the steak dinner it is. The gaming at Gold Coast is wonderful, plenty of video poker, and jackpots abound (3 over the past two years for an average gamer). Be sure to join Club Coast, as their rewards are easy to understand, and collect. Parking is easy, use the parking garage to the east of the hotel. We highly recommend the Gold Coast, and while we enjoy variety, you can't beat this place for consistentcy that is well above average. We will stay at the Gold Coast again, for sure.	
Jan 28 2007 	a great off strip hotel	we booked this hotel as it was so expensive to stay on the strip on new years eve.the hotel was a few blocks away from the strip but this was no problem as there was a free shuttle that ran from the hotel to the strip every 10/15 mins from about 7am until midnight.the hotel was a lot bigger than we expected and the staff very friendly and helpful.restaurants were great and the buffet breakfast for $6 was fantastic(everything from your bacon and eggs to mexican and chinese)the rooms were huge and the bed was amazing.you could have had 6 of us in there.all the usual,coffee maker,iron,hairdryer,flat screen tv,nice toiletries.room cleaned every day and fresh towels.bathroom a bit small but shower hot and powerful(plus you dont go to vegas to spend all day in the bathroom)i would recommend this hotel and next time i'm in vegas i would stay here without even thinking about staying on the strip.	
Jan 24 2007	Great base for a Vegas first-timer	This is a great, low-cost base to discover Vegas. Room very clean, housekeeping very good. Yes, the bathroom decor is a bit dated, but shower is excellent. We ate breakfast in the Monterey Room every day, didn't try the buffet only because it was too far to walk to the other side of the hotel! Ping Pang Pong is a great chinese, although beware the huge portions - one main course is enough for two, believe me. We're not gamblers so didn't chuck any money on the green baize... one small downside is that Nevada's no-smoking laws don't stretch to the gaming floor, but that's not the hotel's fault. It's true that this is not like the palaces on the Strip (my favourite was NY NY, we might try there next time), but for a no-nonsense base to explore we couldn't fault it for the price. The shuttle is really handy. P.S. great food (and beer - a hard thing for an Englishman to find in the USA) at the Brewery Pub in Main Street Station downtown.	
Jan 21 2007 	Great Hotel Great Value!	We have stayed at Gold Coast four times in the past year, and each time has been great. We usually pay between $40-$60 a night, which is a great deal for what the hotel offers. The rooms are always clean, with flat-screen TV's, and they appear to be recently updated. The rooms are comparable to most rooms on the strip, but usually at a much lower cost. The casino is of decent size, with plenty of tables and slots, as well as a huge keno, sports, and bingo hall. There is a 24-hour bowling alley right in the hotel. The pool is average-not too large or fancy, but clean and nice (I usually stay at the Flamingo if I am looking to spend a lot of time at the pool). The hotel offers a free shuttle to the strip, which takes you to Barbary Coast-right in the middle of the strip! Gold Coast is located directly across from The Palms, and right next door to Rio, so you also have options within walking distance. One of the best things about Gold Coast is the fun book you get upon check-in. It is filled with great coupons for free drinks, free ice-cream, bowling, and meals, among other things. The buffet is also great-and is less than half of what you would pay for a buffet on the strip. Overall, this hotel is a great deal, and a great value!	
Jan 19 2007 	Treated Better than on the Strip	We stayed at the Gold Coast during the week between Christmas and New Years Eve. We really enjoyed ourselves. We found the staff, right down to the dealers in the casino, very friendly and helpful. We found it a more affable atmosphere than the hotels we had stayed at on the strip (Bally's and Flamingo). The room, though nothing special, was very, very clean, quiet, and comfortable; the price was right too. If you are a bingo fan, there is an enormous bingo hall that runs games every two hours starting at 9AM (free doughnuts). Not a large crowd when we looked in, so the chances of winning aren't bad. The hotel offers free transportation to the Strip and the Oreans every fifteen minutes. Though you may have to wait for the bus, it saves a ton in cab fare. The Gold Coast is, however, no more than a $10 cab ride to/from almost anything on the Strip, and only a $13 cab ride from the airport.We plan on staying there next trip to Sin City.	
Jan 17 2007	Consistently Great Stay at a Great Price	I recently returned to the Gold Coast and was treated well as always. I parked close to the hotel and didn't have to walk a country mile to get to the lobby. With the megahotels you often have walk a long ways between car and hotel; but, not at the GC. I arrived on a Sunday and was given an early checkin with a smile. My room was clean and in good repair. They gave me a coupon book for free drinks and an ice cream cone. I used the drink coupons to watch the Chargers - Patriots game and they were cheerfully accepted. The weekday breakfast buffet cost about $7 including tax. For this princely sum I received a made to order omelete with good side dishes including 3 different kinds of melon with good tasting drinks. I have stayed at Bellagio and the Venetian. They are superior hotels in many ways. However, for $42 a night, I believe the Gold Coast is the best deal in town.	
Jan 14 2007 	excellent value	Stayed at the Gold Coast during the CES show, Jan 6-10 (4 nights). Got a decent rate, given how expensive rooms were that week elsewhere.I took the free shuttle to Barbary Coast (very quick and convenient), then walked to CES at the Sands/Venetian. On day 2, I took the shuttle to BC and then went to the Flamingo to get the shuttle to the Convention Center. Some waiting, but the Strip and Convention Center were very congested and crowded.Did not spend any other time on the Strip. I mostly hung out a Gold Coast and walked over to Palms a couple of times. Talk about culture shock -- the Palms is all sleek, chrome, thumping music, etc. and the Gold Coast is about as staid as a casino can get. Palms clientele seems to be rich, or rich wannabe, LA types. Gold Coast mostly locals and older folks. I was much more comfortable at Gold Coast.Casino is kind of smoky. LOTS of video poker -- many more VP than slots, which is OK by me as I am a poker player only (live and video). I did not play any table games, but there was always $5 BJ and craps when I was there. Sports book very straightforward. Poker Room was a bit light on players -- sometimes hard to keep more than 6 people in a game -- but very friendly. Also, good comps for both poker players and VP players.Rooms very basic. I could never get the high speed internet conncetion to work, despite 3 phone calls and promises to &quot;check it out&quot;. I never saw any evidence that anyone had checked it. That was my only complaint with staff or service. Configuration of rooms kind of odd -- the internet connection (which I could never use anyways so it didn't matter) was on the dresser across the room from the table/chairs. I don't know how they expect you to use your computer -- sitting on the floor, I guess. So I moved the furniture all around to suit me. The mattress was kind of soft but comfy. I also liked that there was a clean sheet on top of the bedclothes instead of a bedspread (you never know long since the bedspread was laundered). I always toss the bedspread on the floor anyway. Good water pressure in shower, and you can open a window in the bathroom for fresh air. I had no problems with noise from other rooms. The walk to your room from the elevator can be quite long. Good exercise, though. Never a long wait for the elevator the entire time. There is a security guard by the hotel elevators in the night-time hours.Buffet was just OK for breakfast. I did not eat there for any other meal. The coffee shop (Monterey ?) had good coffee shop food, good selection, and reasonable prices. It is all no-smoking which is good. The Oyster Bar was pretty good, too. Casino -- busy but not crowded. There was always room to maneuver. There are door with windows all along the front side of the hotel, so it was always easy to get oriented. I sometimes get lost or turned around in the huge casinos.I'm not a bowler, but I checked out the bowling alley and it was pretty impressive. It was too chilly for pool, so did not check that out. They also have a movie theater.Summary -- I have stayed at most of the &quot;medium priced&quot; hotels and a couple of higher priced ones over the past 10 years (Flamingo, Monte Carlo, Luxor, Sahara, Harrahs, Riviera, Frontier, MGM, Tropicana, Paris, Ballys, Treasure Island). I would rate the Gold Coast as the best value of all of these, except possibly for Ballys. No glamour, no glitz -- this is just a good, basic, straightforward, hotel and casino with all you need at a good price. Staff was very polite. If you want crowds and beautiful people and the &quot;excitement&quot; of the Strip, you will not get that here -- but it is all only a free 10 minute shuttle away if you want it.	
Jan 9 2007 	Better than expected!	Great small casino, hotel. Friendly employees, super fast valet and great food. Surpassed my expectations on cleanliness, decor and layout of casino and rooms. Bathrooms a bit small and no fan in shower/ toilet room, but there is a small window in the back wall of shower stall. Bed super comfy for a king. 6th floor is non-smoking, stayed in #668, which was a bit of a walk from the elevator, so if you are not up to walking too far from elevators, ask for a room closer to them. Security at room entrance at night, so that was a nice plus knowing they are watching who is going to the rooms. Right across the street from the Rio and The Palms, so there is action close by. Bowling alley is huge and a lot of fun, having not played in 20+ years. A great hotel for someone on a budget and who doesn't care for all the flashiness of the big hotels and shops. We had a car so it was a nice getaway from the monster hotel, casinos. And there weren't that many kids, where as the Strip and it's hotels were just flooded with them and their strollers, etc, etc. That was a real disappointment having to deal with all the kids and all their baggage. Vegas is for adults or at least keep the kids in the kid friendly areas. We won't be back until the new bridge at Hoover Dam is done. By then the hotels that are under construction now will be done, making the Strip that more filled up with more to do and see and since we have seen most of it, we will be ready for new stuff.	
Jan 2 2007 	Nice Price but otherwise Ho Hum	We stayed at this property two non-consecutive nights, the night we flew into, and the night before we flew out of Vegas. They were both standard rooms, king-size, non-smoking. The first room was better than the last. We booked on the hotel's website and were very pleased with the $45 rate (esp. for a Saturday night). I felt pretty confident because of the positive reviews on this site. However, I was disappointed. In Vegas we usually stay WAY off strip, since we don't gamble and I abhor cigarette smoke. But a few years ago we stayed at the Monte Carlo and had a lovely time--the room was beautiful and the hotel was pleasant in every way. And we enjoyed an equally excellent rate. Gold Coast was a very different experience. We had to shlep our stuff through their sleazy, smoke-choked casino to get to the room. There was barely room to pass between the bar patrons and the glaze-eyed gamers. Our trek to the elevator was accompanied by their blaring &quot;entertainment&quot;--I guess there's a nice symmetry to the totality of every sense being assaulted when one is already frazzled after a long day traveling. The room was pretty much as described in earlier reviews, plain, but adequate, spacious, with a big tv and an old, brown bathroom. Our first room was quite clean, the second less clean. The second room smelled smoky. The beds were comfy enough, but the bedding was thin with no extra blanket in sight. The climate control could use updating--too noisy to leave on at night, and the second room wreaked of smoke when the heat was on. The staff were okay. I got a free ice cream cone. But I won't be tempted by the nice rate again.	
Dec 29 2006 	Terrific Value - Exceptionally Clean	Everything about this property is positive in every way. I booked a standard room with two beds and was upgraded to a two bedroom suite on their tenth floor. The rooms are huge. The showers are brilliant although climbing into the tub is tricky as the side walls of the tub are very high. Internet service was $11 daily but very fast. I accidentally spilled some sticky mountain dew on the tile floor and when I cleaned it with a wet cloth, the cloth came off the floor absolutely clean. Television service was excellent. Food was inexpensive and excellent as well. The staff is very courteous and check-in is quite fast. Oh, I do remember a very negative aspect of this hotel. The elevators are few and because of the large crowds waiting for them, they stop at almost every floor so they are very slow. I will absolutely stay here again.	
Nov 19 2006 	3rd Time 	We have now stayed at the Gold Coast on three occasions and have never been let down. With the bus link to Barbary Coast it's like staying in the middle of the strip without all the chaos that brings. The rooms are spacious and clean. This year plasma televisions have been added. The staff are always very friendly and helpful. The show Forever Plaid is well worth a visit too. All this and you are only ten minutes by the bus from the strip and five minutes walk from the palms and rio. Overall with the cost taken into account the Gold Coast takes some beating.	
Nov 19 2006 	Get a suite!	The price is right and you are no more than a $10 cab ride to anywhere you want to go on the strip. Get the suite (they are AMAZING) as the weekday rate is very appealing. Room service was reaonable, quick and tasty. I had a regular room once and there was a lot of wear and tear, poor beds etc. Even a regular room isn't bad when you consider its only for sleeping. The plasma TV's are great!	
Oct 17 2006 	Excellent Value	My wife and I stayed at the Gold Coast for 5 nights this past September. Not knowing what to expect, as this was our first stay at the facilty, we were pleasantly surprised and happy with our decision. If you are expecting facilities on par with say Ceasers Palace, or the Bellagio, this is not the place for you. However, our room was clean and recently remodeled, with a large flat screen tv on the wall. The king size bed was extremely comfortable. The only item in the room not remodeled was the bath area (shower and toilet). Although clean, it appears that these were original to the facilty. The pool area was very nice, but again it does not compare with some of the pool's of the hotel's on the strip. One nice amenity is the abilty to take a free shuttle to the other &quot;Coast&quot; hotel's. We took advantage of the free shuttle service to the Barbary Coast on a daily basis, total distance to the strip is a mile or two, and took about 5 minutes door to door. The food at the Gold Coast was very good. We had breakfast every morning in the buffet, and they had a wide variety of options. We also had dinner at the buffet on two evenings and again the food was very good. They have a wide variety of offerings, and we were very satisfied. Two evenings we ate in the Cortez Room at the Gold Coast. They advertise that their Prime Rib is the best in town, and I would have to agree. I think the 10 ounce Prime Rib is $12.95 and well worth it. By the way, my &quot;10 ounce&quot; Prime Rib was probably easily 1.5 to 2.0 lbs and very good. Overall I would not hesitate to stay at the Gold Coast again. Certainly there are more deluxe accommodations at some of the hotel's on the Strip, but I don't think you can beat the value at Gold Coast.	
Oct 5 2006	good place to play	Liberal blackjack , excellent sportsbook, friendly service and loose comps. Non touristy off strip casino.	
Oct 2 2006 	Loved the Gold Coast	Absolutely loved the Gold Coast. Ok, it's not &quot;right on the strip&quot; but they have a shuttle that runs until just after midnight that you can pick up at the Barbary Coast next door to Ballys and the Flamingo. The buffet was fantastic, the poker room staff were tops, and I must say the front desk staff was 2nd to none!!! I would advise asking if your room has one of the newer air conditioners as I like it very cold when I sleep and I noticed some of the rooms had the old &quot;motel&quot; style ac's.A little tip for you, the Gold Coast reservations staff, actually all the Coast Property reservations staff will match any price you find online even after you've made a reservation. I booked a 2 night stay Sun &amp; Mon last week. The online price was $55/night, very reasonable. However, about 2 weeks before the trip I noticed that TripRes had a $44/night rate available, so I just called the Gold Coast, spoke to a nice lady, told her I saw the $44/night, she asked where, she checked it out, and I actually got the room for $39/night as TripRes charged a $5 comish.	
Sep 29 2006 	A Decent Place to Stay In Las Vegas	My husband and I were looking for an affordable place to stay in Las Vegas for a night in September and chose the Gold Coast Hotel and Casino. When looking at the prices of the hotels we have stayed in past years we were shocked to see how high they have gotten and decided that for the one night we were passing through we'd save some money and stay elsewhere.There was no line at the reception desk, a rarity in Las Vegas, and the staff were pleasant. When we got to our room we checked out the bed and found some hairs on the pillows. Everything else was clean in the room, but it looked like the maid had taken a nap in the room after she cleaned it, or something! We called to the front desk and asked for another room. They gave us another room, but we had to go down and get the key. It would have been more appropriate if they'd brought us the key since we'd already been inconvenienced, but such was not the case. Anyway, the new room was fine and had everything we needed. The bathroom had a little window in the shower stall that opened which was nice as it wasn't too hot out in the morning and the fresh air felt good. My only complaint with the room was that there is a charge to use the internet. This was the last night of our trip and we'd gotten complimentary wireless everywhere else we'd stay so we decided to save our money and get online when we returned home the next day. We enjoyed playing the slots at the Gold Coast as they have quite a few nickel slots which allowed us to play longer on our money! They'd given us some coupons as well and we used them at the coffee place in the casino - very convenient for a quick breakfast. All in all, the Gold Coast was a decent place to stay. There were a few things that could have been better, but overall it was a good experience. We'd stay there again if we can't find a reasonably priced place on the Strip.	
Sep 22 2006	Fun casino	I go to the Gold Coast every time I go to Vegas to play bingo and it is a blast. The Gold Coast also has friendly dealers, low table minimums and the place is not that crowded. They also have some great deals on food and drinks. It is a fun casino to check out, even if it is off the strip.	
Sep 18 2006 	great deal	We were very pleased with our two-night stay at the Gold Coast. I booked online (prepaid) so check-in was a breeze -- no lines, no other difficulty. They gave us a coupon book which included discount bowling, free drinks, and discounts at their restaurants and gift shop. Free secured valet parking, comfy king-size bed, and a free shuttle to sister-hotel Barbary Coast (just a few blocks away in the heart of the Strip) kept us stress free. The room was fairly basic but was clean and quiet suited our needs with a nice view of the Palms and part of the Strip, a smallish bathroom, and a flat-screen TV. This is not a luxury resort -- think a step above a motel -- but they have all the basic amenities (plus a few extras) for a very reasonable price and great location for other exploring. Also, the bowling alley was a lot of fun, they do &quot;Cosmic Bowling&quot; on Friday and Saturday nights, which means black lights and disco balls and dance music. We had a great time.	
Sep 11 2006 	Some things good some not so good .	Stayed at the Gold Coast Sept 4-8 on a comp . Location is good and has easy in and out with a rental car. Rooms are clean and comfortable , although the bathrooms are somewhat small. There is an in-room coffee maker which is unusual in Las vegas. The casino was good for me as I am a video poker player and the place is loaded with full pay machines , even at the bartop. ( I even hit a royal on the last day..)On the downside, the service was somewhat lax, The coffee for the coffee maker was absent for the last 2 days. as was refills on the shampoo and lotion. The food was not great either. The coffee shop was average. There was a coupon in the comp book for a free bottle of wine with a buffett. The only thing worse than the food at the buffet was the free bottle of wine. Would reccommend the sister property at The Orleans over The Gold Coast.	
Aug 28 2006 	Good Value Hotel good location	This is good value hotel, although much busier at weekend there was much less queueing than at the other (perhaps more glitzy) hotels we visited, so it makes a good base, particularly when using the shuttle bus to the Flamingo to access the rest of the strip. Perhaps more choice on food would help (Terrible Mikes burger bar has disappeared despite being in literature), but what was there was reasonable value, particularly breakfast buffet. Bowling lanes a useful feature if travelling with kids, and again, easy to get a game without a wait.	
Aug 23 2006 	Last minute trip to Las Vegas	We stayed at the Gold Coast during a quick and in prompt trip to Las Vegas on August 18 for 2 nights. We looked up the price on Expedia and found it cheaper than the hotel: Expedia $83 hotel site was $105.00. The hotel does match the travel site and does not have as many restrictions as Expedia did so we booked and then called the hotel, ( you must do this within 24 hours after making the reservation ) and they took care of it and matched Expedia. The hotel room as seen on the sight is a true picture of the room. Check in was prompt and very friendly. Parking was easy and not a long walk from the hotel/casino. The hotel room was nice. Simple. The flat screen T.V. was a nice touch. The bed was, ( to our taste ) a bit on the soft side. The only other compliant we had with the bed was that they do not use fitted sheets and the sheets kept coming up as they were not long or wide enough for the bed. So in short if you toss around a lot at night you’ll wake in a clump of top and bottom sheets. These rooms have been remodeled about 6-7 months ago. The room was clean. The only other complaints that comes to mind is that with the remodel of the room why did they leave the bathroom out. The shower and toilet are in a small room. If you are a big person you might find this a little hard to move around in. The sink area and closet are outside of the bathroom but separate from the room and are showing their age. Actually they announce their age. One thing that was exceptional was the shower head and pressure, GREAT!!! The other thing we found strange is where the hook up for the DSL was. It was not located on the table where there are chairs to sit at but located at the dresser?!?!?!?! The cable and a long enough power cord could get you to the bed, maybe, or you would have to move the chair over to the dresser and sit sideways if you had work to do or just wanted to look up things to do, etc… was not convenient and as I stated before was placed very strangely in the room. Besides that all else was pretty ok. This is not a budget hotel but more of a local hotel hang out and just a step above budget. If your on a budget though it’s great to stay at instead of paying the prices of the Palms, ( across the street ) or Rio next door. Both easy to walk to. So save your money for other things if your frequent those two hotels and their popular clubs. We also ate at their coffee shop, The Monterey Room ( ? ). Actually it was good and cheap too. Funny thing, we ate the Red Rock Casino in Summerlin the night before at their buffet, ( which was good ) but they use paper thin napkins , ( at over $300 a night ) and the Gold Coast in their very understated coffee shop uses cloth ones! We would have no problem staying at the Gold Coast again. Just don’t expect anything fancy or ritzy and you’ll be ok with it.	
Jul 25 2006 	Very nice	Stayed here for two nights mid week. I was able to check in to my room at 1pm. Per a previous review I read on this website I requested a room on the 6th floor. It was spacious, clean and a great plasma TV as advertised. I had a partial view of the strip which was nice. I saw the &quot;Forever Plaid&quot; musical in the hotel which I recommend as a light, feel good show for the whole family. The food at the buffet was so so. Received a coupon book for various discounts at the hotel which was nice and the shuttle runs fairly often to the strip which was very convenient. I would certainly stay there again.	
Jul 20 2006 	Wish we could have stayed longer...	Stayed at the Gold Coast for just one night - a Saturday, as we returned from 3 weeks in Florida, before flying home to the UK on Sunday.We were the only ones at the check in desk, so were dealt with very quickly. We were lucky enough to be allocated a suite for the price of the room ($109).What more can we say - a fabulous end to our vacation... We even won a few Dollars in the casino... ;-)	
Jul 10 2006	Upgraded to a suite no charge	Stayed for just a night but got upgraded to a one bedroom suite at no charge without even asking for it. Room was very spacious and quiet on the 10th floor. All for $38.00 on Travelocity.	
Jul 7 2006	Can't beat the price	Was originally given a room on the first floor.... needed some updating, a good rug shampoo and smelled a little smokey from the casino underneath. We were moved from the first floor due to a power outage on the second night of our stay to a room on the sixth....much better room, cleaner, etc. only draw back was that the shower did not drain well. All in all we had a good stay, would return again based upon room prices and location. Gold Coast your rugs in the rooms and general area all needed a good cleaning but for $40.00 a night, sometimes you have to compromise to save a few bucks.	
Jun 20 2006	FAB HOTEL!	My fiance and i stayed at the Gold Coast 5th - 16th June. If you want somewhere nice to stay but dont want to pay a fortune the Gold Coast is perfect!Lovely clean rooms (with large flat screen tv). Bathroom small but clean. Air-con worked great. The bed was the most comfiest in the world!!! I would recommend a high floor. We stayed on the 8th (hotel has 9 floors). It is a non smoking floor and very quiet.Buffet food was lovely and only $25 for 2 for dinner. Didnt try the Italian, Cortez or Chinese restaurants. We had breakfast in the Montery Room a few times but there is a coffee shop which did yummy toasted bagels so we got coffee and bagels most mornings to take back to the room for breakfast and watched the world cup games in bed!$2 roulette tables which i won $50 on most nights, and $5 blackjack tables. Staff were all really friendly.Pool area was always quiet, no problem getting a sun bed. You had to go into the casino to get drinks tho as no pool bar and only waitress service some days.Free Shuttle bus to the strip every 10-15 mins. It takes you to the Barbary coast which is right near Bellagio and Ceasors. Buses run til just after midnight.Although its was 100 degrees outside we found all the casinos pretty chilly inside so girls bring a few nice cardy's to put on over your outfits!We would definitely stay at the Gold coast again and highly recommend it.	
Jun 16 2006	win here	Stayed here 1-12 June 2006. Bedrooms ok beds clean, linen changed each day and towels. Air conditioning , free safety deposit boxes. Have stayed on th strip numerous times, but this was a cheapy too good to miss. Regular free shuttle to strip. Pool clean and quiet. We won more here than any other 'strip' hotel and of course lost too, but our money and games lasted longer. No problems, little book of freeby drinlks and money off offers from the hotel which we also used. I would stay there again for the same price we paid. I cannot say we had any problems or complaints.	
Jun 4 2006	Unexpectedly GOOD	After reading some reviews and considering the price we paid for our room, I did not expect much. However we had a marvellous five nights in so many surprising ways. Our room (with flat screen TV), was larger than I had anticipated and included a bath, and a small wndow that we could open for fresh air and therefore switch the aircon off. The bed linen was a lovely quality cotton. The low limit roulette was a pleasant change in a nice environment, and the staff professional. Both of us had good wins with the slots which is unusual with the main Strip casinos. I had read the Gold Coast was smokey, but it was no worse than all the rest of them. The shuttle to the centre of the strip at Barbary Coast was a frequent and handy service and made the fact that we were off the strip of no significant disadvantage. I would have used the internet except for the $10/day charge. The other hotels that charge four times more are not necessarily four times better.	
May 26 2006	Fabulous value for money hotel and casino	Recently returned from my 10th trip to Las Vegas, staying for the first time at the Gold Coast Hotel, which is off the stip but is highly reccommended. The rooms were big with huge flat screen Tv's, and although the bathrooms were small (with the sink on the outside of the actual bathroom) the water pressure in the shower was brilliant.The pool was heated, the pool attendant was friendly and helpful.The casino had all the usual suspects, lots of 1c slots, a poker room, and we even played bingo one night! (8 sessions a day). There is also a huge bowling alley, which is open 24 hours. Don't disregard the free coupon book either as it had loads of useful coupons including free ice cream, 4 free drinks per person, bowls and bingo offers etc.We only ate in the hotel for breakfast, buffet both times, for the price it was excellent, $7 for all you can eat, including fresh fruit, eggs benedict (yummy) noodles!! and Keno (what more do you want??!!) Ohh and no tip jar for the omelette/fried egg station!Short stroll from the Rio, if you're missing the action from a big trendy resort casino. But I'd highly reccommed this hotel, and will definately stay again.	
May 22 2006	Great Hotel	My wife and I (ages 27-28) stayed here May 15-19, 2006. The hotel room was very spacious, besides the bathroom, but what do you do in a bathroom, besides go pee and shower. The TV is a flat screen TV. The casino was not good to us, but we had fun anyway. The food at the buffet was good, you must get a dessert it was awesome. We also ate at the Monterey room and it was good food. Make sure your gambling before you get a drink at the bar or you will pay full price. We took the shuttle everyday to the strip and at night we either took the CAT bus system back or RIO shuttle from Bally's casino. I would recommend everyone not to take the DUECE to downtown. The cleaning ladies were nice and cleaned our rooms’ everyday around noon and we stayed on the 8th floor. When you check in ask for a high room and the scenery is a little better than the 2nd floor. The monorail was awesome goes from the Sahara to the MGM Grand and it was fast and easy. I would recommend gold coast to everyone, it's a walk form the Palms and RIO. We ate at the peppermill lounge and it was awesome, we ate in the lounge area, where you can only get drinks and applitizers and they have a dress code, all it is NO Hats. Then we ate at Toby Keith’s bar at the Harrahs, it was an okay place. Ate at Jimmy Buffet’s which was fun and the food was good, also at La Salsa at the Luxor I recommend this place, great food. We saw Louie Anderson, he is still funny, the only bad thing is his show is in the all male review show room and the seating s---. If you go Downtown make sure you eat at Upper deck at the Las Vegas club casino and try the 9 pound burger and also get a drink or 2 at Mermaids. We also went to Gilley’s at the Frontier casino. If you’re not a country fan and it’s not a Thursday night I would not go to it. It was cheap beer and bikini bull riding and $1.00 drinks for the ladies on Thursday night. All in all i might of lost a grand or 2, but i still had fun and everyone at Gold Coast made sure i did.	
May 19 2006	worth the money	i just came from the gold coast 8of may to the 15 may 06 me and my wife we have a lot of fun we enjoy our stay it was quite enjoyable only that the smokeing that always smell in side the room by reading all the previous reveiws i was not disapointed in no way i love the gold coast very much the food was excellent e.t.c i would return anytime to the gold coast	
May 18 2006	Pleasantly surprised	Before arriving in Vegas, we expected that all the hotels would have large, dark, noisy casinos in the lobby area and so we were pleasantly surprised to find that at the Gold Coast it was a brightly lit, not too crowded area. OK we arrived at 1am but we thought that Vegas would be at it at all hours of the day and night. The casino WAS open in the early hours, but at whatever time of day we passed through, it was always reasonable.The room was very nice - on the 2nd floor and strangely not at all affected by noise from downstairs. We had a kingsize bed as requested and lots of space. The bathroom, as another reviewer, has mentioned is dated - a lovely beige colour bathroom suite - but everything works well. The hotel was a fair walk from the Strip, especially if you had just spent the day walking up it and so pretty worn out by the time you hit the junction with W. Flamingo. We didn't notice the Shuttle bus to the Strip but it didn't bother us particularly, but if you find it then you may as well use it. The hotel is closest to the Rio and also Caesars Palace so you have entertainment not too far away - the Gold Coast didn't have any of its own (except the Casino). We'd stay here again.	
May 15 2006	good value for money but staff unhelpful	We stayed in the Gold Coast for 3 nights in April of this year with our two teenage boys and although we found it excellent value for money we did have a problem with our room on the first night, finding that when we arrived after traveling for more than15 hours there was only one giant bed in the room rather than 2 doubles which had been specified when booking. When we pointed this out to the staff at reception they told us that they had no other room available that night and we spent the night with one teenager on a rollaway bed and one on the floor with lots of extra sheets and blankets. We had arrived too late to look elsewhere. The following day we had to ask again for a new room which we got by the afternoon, much nicer than the previous one which had been quite shabby, dark and smelly(obviously the last available room in the hotel).Apart from that we found the hotel to be fine: nice bowling alley, pool, shuttle to strip, our new room was big and comfortable and clean, the buffet was good value (nothing spectacular). The staff though could have been a bit more friendly and helpful and because we had booked the room through a third party they took no responsibility for the bed mishap although during our holiday in U.S staying in 6 different hotels this problem did not reoccur. Even on their computer our booking clearly stated 4 people/1 room and it doesn’t take a genius to work out that we needed 2 double beds.	
Apr 28 2006	Good value but rooms a bit tired	I booked a room as a 3* via priceline for $40 for a weeknight. It was a good value although the room was barely a 2* room and was somewhat tired (especially the small bathroom). The casino was good especially if you are looking for tables with low limits ($3 tables were available during the week). Buffet was average although inexpensive and there were a number of other dining choices. Although it's not on the strip, the location is good, right in between the Palms and Rio.I was somewhat unhappy that I could not get a non-smoking room although I was lucky in that the room I got did not have an unpleasant smell. I booked several weeks in advance and requested a non-smoking room (and the front desk confirmed that it was noted on my reservation). In addition, I checked in very early - around 1 PM. Thus I am skeptical of their claim that they could not put me in a non-smoking room. If you require one, I would not risk booking a room at this property.	
Apr 27 2006	lots of problems!	I booked this hotel on advice from travel advisor. Right when we arrived, they told us they could not give us a non-smoking room as we requested, so our room smelled like cigarette butts. Also - it was a room right next to the elevator so we heard every &quot;ding&quot; throughout the night and got bad sleep. On top of this the Internet is $11 to use, which is ridiculous considering the hotel costs. It didn't work right away and we had to wait and have a tech come up to fix it, which wasted our evening. The buffet is forgettable, and the drinks plain.You are better off spending a bit more for a hotel that actually cares.	
Apr 17 2006	You canna beat the Gold Coast!! 	For my 40th birthday, my wife and i booked 10 nights at the gold coast. After reading most of the reviews, i had a general feeling, that as a working class couple, we would find the gold coast to our liking, and we certainly were not dissapointed. i cannot think of one negative aspect of our stay, and certainly, it is probably not for the better off, as luxury isnt really one of its selling points, for the majority, this is an excellent choice in vegas. the rooms are kept clean, and service at all outlets is good. special mention to robert and alex, at the back bar. they were very good, and chatty, you didnt feel like just another vegas visitor. food was fine enough, not michelin standard, but good enough. the shuttle service was good, quick, and the drivers all pleasant. so, all in all, the gold coast was superb, and we will be back. ian fae aberdeen scotland	
Apr 13 2006	A good hotel to stay at!	I some ways I don't like giving hotels good reviews as next time I want to stop there the price will probably be higher as everyone else has booked it! Howevr the Gold Coast is an excellent place to stay. The rooms are clean although the bathrooms are a little dated, the buffet is excellent value and the casino has low minimums. I had a great time playing roulette with $2 minimums and even though I was only gambling small amounts no one complained and the cocktail waitresses still came to me on a regular enough basis. Even though others have said it, the free shuttle to the strip is a definite advantage.I had problems at check in due to a mix up by Hotels, but the staff sorted it out very quickly and efficiently. So forget my first sentence and stop there!	
Apr 7 2006 	Great Deal!	I just returned from a 4 night business stay at the gold coast. Ate at the breakfast buffet 2 mornings and for $6.45 i couldn't imagine paying double anywhere else. Made to order eggs were excellent along with the hash browns. Many choices to chose from. After a long day at a trade show grabbed a quick bite to eat at the Monterray room. Another great bargin didn't spend more then 7 bucks for a sandwich and fries. Room was very clean. For the money i would absolutely return. Best deal in town!!!	
Apr 5 2006	The Best Deal in Town	My wife and I stayed for six nights from 3/23/06 to 3/29/06. We have stayed at many of the larger hotels over the years. Because of its off the strip location, a car is a necessity to really see the sights. The room was large but the bathroom was smaller than the typical bath. The room was clean and daily maid service and towel supplies were excellent. We did not like the quality of food at the Port's of Call Buffet but the price was right. The Forever Plaid show was great and was the highlight of the trip for the friends we took to the show. This show will appeal primarily to guests between 55 and 75. The show is very reasonable and for $5.00 more dinner at your choice of Gold Coast restaurants was included. The staff was very courteous and the hotel further reduced our already discounted room rate at check out for our table gaming card.We hope to return to this hotel within the next year.	
Apr 2 2006	great hotel and location	Stayed at the gold coast for a week in march 2006.staff were friendly and helpful.room was large and clean - only negative was that the view was obscured by a wall - I would suggest asking for a room on 6th floor or above if this is important to you.restaurants on site very good, especially Ping Pang Pong.off the strip but free shuttle bus runs regularly every 15 mins or so straight to Barbary coast which is right on the strip opposite bellagio. Nice position less manic than strip- some good respite but close to the Palms and rio too.free coupon booklet on arrival which gives various reductions including: free coctails, free icecream, 2 for 1 bowling, free souvenirs, shop discount etc.would definately stay here again. Fun but not pretentious!	
Apr 2 2006	Go for Gold!	A bit doubtfull before we arrived as it is slightly &quot;off strip&quot; when we arrived, from the easy check in to the spotlessly clean rooms with great beds i had nothing to be concerned about. As for the bathrooms, reviews saying the cielings are low, well i.m 6ft3&quot; and had no problems. Ok you couldn't hold a party in there, but would you want to? New towels every day and bed linen every few days or so. The cleanliness is something to shout about, i can put up with most stuff except bad cleaning...that didn't happen here. If you do have a car with you then use the Valet parking facility, for a couple of dollars it is well worth the lack of hunting for a space to park. The buffet was great value for all meal times, much cheaper than the strip hotels, the quality of food was also extremely high (i should know). The Monteray room open 24 hours also provides good food at very reasonable cost. The tables are not too expensive with $1 minimum on the roulette, the waitress service (the free drinks) while at the tables was quick and frequent (again $1 a time for the waitress brings her back quickly). One last thing, make sure you use your vouchers (given to you at check in) as they make a bit of difference. The bowling is fab value, The seatle coffee is great. No i have no connection with this place except to say we will return next spring.By The Way; we have been to vegas 8 times now so i have made comparissons.	
Apr 1 2006	Not again	After planning a three night stay at the Gold Coast Casino in Las Vegas recently we checked out after one night. The casino and hotel in general were very smokey, perhaps because it is an older hotel. The clencher that made us check-out was the noise in the hall during the night. The hotel door was very light so every sound was heard. We would not stay there again, no matter what kind of a deal we received.	
Mar 30 2006	Well Happy...	6 guys stayed in 3 rooms from 14th to 21st March 2006. The check in was fast, the staff were polite and helpful in trying to get us 3 rooms close to each other. The rooms were spacious and clean and although our view was of a brick wall (2nd floor) this didn't bother us as we only slept there!The casino is small but busy and the waitress service for cocktails was fairly fast and friendly (some nice lookers too!) We ate the graveyard special a few times at the Monteray Diner which was cheap and decent. Terrible Mikes burger bar wasn't up to much and that's about it really. We would stay there again as its only a 2 minute walk to the Rio or the Palms (both very nice) and is only 5 mins to the Barbary Coast on the free shuttle or 9 bucks plus tip in a taxi to just about anywhere on the strip.Stay at the Gold Coast!!!	
Mar 29 2006	gold coast hotel	We stayed at the Gold Coast Hotel from March 17th to the 24th, 2006. Nice place, with friendly service. We fit 5 in a room comfortably. The bathroom feels small because of the dark colors. The hotel gives each person a free coupon book. They comped us 5 free buffets because we had to change rooms when my son overflowed the toilet. The food was good, ice cream was great. Entertainment in the lounge was called Frontpage and the girls are excellant singers. The shuttle worked great for us, ran every 15 minutes as promised. The only things I didnt like was the lack of quarter slots and the long walk to our car. I would stay here again if I wanted a comfortable place off the strip.	
Mar 26 2006 	Great Hotel 	Though I stayed at this hotel last year and now writing a review, I just felt that I had to help out and say that this is one of the better hotels in the Las Vegas area. Check in was swift, and the rooms were decent with internet access. I got this hotel for $6 bucks a night, thanks to a Priceline guarantee and some extra research on the internet. Now for 6 bucks, anyone can say that they got the better end of the bargain at any hotel &amp; casino, but in this hotel you get a great rate, you're within walking distance to the Rio and Palms, a short drive over the overpass to the Strip, a good place to sleep away from the bustle of the Strip, and friendly workers as well. The food at the Monterey Room was good. The steak and eggs meal for $2.95 made me day, actually almost every day I was there! The breafast and lunch buffet was decent too for $6.95 and $7.95 respectively. Did I also mention 75 cent hot dogs?! The gift shop had anything you need for a good souvenier. I also got a free coupon for free ice cream, a 2 for 1 at the buffet, and a discount at the bowling center(which I didn't go check out). Overall this place is great not only for the budget traveler but everyone else also. I still head out to vegas about once a month. I have a vacation home there now so no need to stay at hotels anymore, but I still eat the buffets and restaurants at the Gold Coast and play my penny slot Mr. Cashman, and Millionizer machines there too:)	
Mar 23 2006	Going back again!	My husband and I stayed at the Gold Coast in mid January for 5 nights. We had booked a 2 for 1 seat sale through Allegiant air out of Bellingham, for a mere $480. for the two of us, hotel included. We were a little sceptical at first, but after reading the reviews on tripadvisor, thought it was worth a try. What exceptional value for the money! The room, although older, was very large and clean. The 70's style bathroom....I think the toilet and tub were blue... was small, but sufficient. We ate breakfast at the buffet every morning, and for $6.50 per head, it was a feast. We certainly didn't need lunch. It included several breakfast choices, as well as Chinese food, etc. Something for every taste. The best part was they also had a free shuttle that ran every 15 mins. and dropped you smack dab in the middle of the strip. What more could you ask for! We have now booked another trip for June with the same great deal through Allegiant! I can't wait!	
Mar 12 2006 	Gold Coast not exactly nice...	Stayed for a week for a conference, and would not return except for cheap gambling, and decent Italian restaurant for the prices. The rooms are terrible, beds with cheap foam mattresses, and bathrooms were tiny with 1960's decor. I'm not sure how they consider the rooms remodeled when all they really did was add new light fixtures. Everything was bolted down including TV, IRON, and even hangers...not exactly a good sign...spend a little extra and get something on the strip..MGM grand West Wing worth the extra $$.	
Mar 9 2006	Unbelievable value	We just got back from a three-night stay here at the Gold Coast, and all we can say is, WOW! We are young --well, we think so, anyway, 42 and 44 -- so when my mom and dad recommended the Gold Coast, we were hesitant, because of the cheap room rates. We are VERY picky travellers and like to stay nice. My parents are in their late 70s and stay there regularly, being from Arizona. We were very pleasantly surprised at how really great this little gem of a hotel is!!We got Mustang Mike's midweek special, which was $99.00/2 nights total (not per person) for two nights and included buffet breakfast one morning and buffet dinner one night -- with a full-size bottle of wine with the dinner. The third night was $45. You do have to book well in advance to get these rates, and they are on the website.We ate one night very late in the cafe and it was awesome, best bowl of Wor Wonton and egg roll I've ever had. And it was cheap, too. The buffet food was great, not a bad item there. Not a whole lot of ambience, just very homey. There is a Seattle's best coffee with the best Raspberry White Chocolate Chip cookies I've ever had. Also a restaurant to get really good cheap cheeseburgers, and a fancy steakhouse, which we didn't try.The rooms were fine, nothing more than what you need in Las Vegas, unless you plan on entertaining in your room. They have a very small bathroom, good water pressure, and they are VERY clean. We were in the room hardly at all -- it's Vegas, baby!The hotel is next door to the Rio, and across from Palms, which, surprisingly we liked neither better than the Gold Coast. We would go back to the Gold Coast tomorrow if we could. :-)	
Mar 7 2006	Great Hotel Great Price	We stayed in the Gold Coast for 3 nights last Feb. The Room:Room was large, very clean and nicely decorated. The bathroom looked a little dated being dark brown, but the power shower was amazing, so the colour was a fine compromise! Sink just outside the bathroom and open wardrobe, which was very convenient. It was great to have a large double bed each (this is never the case in the UK!)The Location:It's situated just off the main part of the Strip, and offers a fantastic FREE shuttle bus service, there are back, which we hardly ever waited more than a couple of minutes for. Failing that - it doesn't cost much to take a taxi. The hotel was actually a lot nearer to the strip than i was expecting. It takes far shorter time to get from the Gold Coast to the main area of the Strip than does to travel up in all the traffic from cheaper hotels lower down the Strip e.g. Stardust, Riviera, Stratosphere etc.The Price:Gold Coast offers some very reasonable rates. We paid about $55 weekday and $110 weekend for the room. I've seen cheaper too - depends when you're going. Also, they'll match any price! I emailed them a cheaper price i'd found and they matched it.All In All:If you want a reasonable, good quality hotel for your Vegas stay, go for the Gold Coast! It's a smaller hotel so you dont have to walk miles to your room. It doesn't offer huge attractions, but you go and see these on the Strip! I think it's a great find.	
Mar 3 2006	Good accomodation for the price	Stayed at the Gold Coast three night in Jan 06 for $84.00 total. The bathroom is small, the rooms are big, the bed was fine, we spent very little time in our room, so it served its purpose well. We do not go to Vegas to spend alot on a room that we are never in. The shuttle worked out fine for us. We only tried the buffet once for lunch, it was fine. We paid twice the money for a lunch buffet on the strip, and don't think it was as good. The chinese restaurant in the back was very good, lots of choice good prices and open until 3:00am. Would stay there again anyday.	
Mar 2 2006	Good Value but choose a non-smoking room	We stayed at the Gold Coast Casino February 25-28/06. We arrived late and was quickly booked into a room (no preference was asked upon booking through expedia) however, it turned out to be a smoking room on the first floor due to the hotel being fully booked. The whole floor was quite bad with cigarette smoke and we requested a change first thing the next morning. The front desk were very accommodating and very pleasant to deal with. The rooms have good beds and have all the ammenities you should require. The food at the Gold Coast was excellent and we actually forked (no pun intended) out $23.00 each for a buffet at the rio and thought that the food at the Gold Coast buffet was equal or better for $ 11.75. I would reccommend staying in a non-smoking room and eating at the Gold Coast buffet. I would return.	
Feb 19 2006	Cheap rate for a Saturday night	We opted to stay at the Gold Coast for a Saturday night to avoid the high-rent district of the Strip and then we moved to the Strip for the rest of the week. One reason we chose the Gold Coast was its close proximity to the Rio and the Palms. We wanted to check out those places.The Rio was fun and lively, the Palms was calmer and not quite so impressive. I actually liked the casino in the Gold Coast better than both of them. It was bright and well-lit. It was easy to walk through. Everything wasn't so crammed together.We ate in the Chinese restaurant, which was excellent. The rooms were quite bland and very average. The bell service was slow and the front desk personnel exuded very little personality.All in all I would say it is an average place, but a good price makes it above average. I would stay there again if the need arose.	
Feb 7 2006	Stay here every year.	I stay here every year. The rooms are adequate and the hotel is quiet. Love the free shuttles to Barbary Coast, the new Sun Coast and the Orleans. The employees are very friendly and helpful. The restaurants are excellent and the Monterrey Room Coffee Shop is a great deal with great food. The price for the stay is a definite plus.	
Jan 17 2006	Can't beat what you get for the price	Found a great deal on the web, 4 nights for only $225 total. Very clean, fairly quiet rooms. All the staff treated us great. Valets where fast. Short walk over to the Palms &amp; Rio. Free shuttle to the strip was easy. Only thing we had a hard time with was getting a cab at the hotel. Would we stay there again, you bet.	
Jan 16 2006	Not Disappointed	Just returned from a trip to Vegas with one other couple. We were not disappointed with our stay at the Gold Coast. Rooms were clean and beds extremely comfortable - when we actually had time to find our bed. Shuttle to the strip - no hassle - great drop off location on strip. What we really enjoyed about staying at the Gold Coast was the table limits. You can play Blackjack for $5.00 and don't have to pretend you're some high roller. We will be returning to the Coast Coast.	
Jan 13 2006	Nothing fancy but fine	Stayed at the Gold Coast on a super deal of buy one night at $25 get the next night free and this included weekends. The rooms (had two different ones because my trip was split up) were fine, but a little outdated. The beds were very comfortable and everything was pretty clean even though the carpet was stained. Each room had a little one cup coffee maker which was a bonus. The bathrooms were very small. They had good nightly entertainment in their lounge. Check out was available on the tv. I would definitely stay again if a great deal was available.	
Jan 9 2006	A little gem off the strip!	My husband and I have just returned from 9 nights at The Gold Coast Hotel. After reading mixed reviews I wasn't sure what to expect but we certainly weren't disappointed and would definitely return. All the staff were friendly and helpful (except for one croupier but no place is perfect!) The 24 hour coffee shop serves excellent, simple food ... although if you aren't used to American sized portions, don't go for two entrees! We can also recommend Arriva, the Italian restaurant, which was great - the frontage doesn't do the interior justice. The food at Ping Pang Pong can also be recommended. The shuttle to the Barbary Coast is a great way to get on to the strip quickly, but the location of the Gold Coast makes it a good hotel from which to walk to Palms or Rio. The room was serviced really well every day. The shower is dark but the water was constantly hot with good pressure, which made up for it. They also have coffee machines in the room so you can make a fresh cup of filtered coffee each day. If you can, ask for a room on a high floor so you get a good view. The swimming pool area was being refurbished but looked like it'd be a great place to relax in the summer. If you are looking for great value in a clean, friendly hotel with convenient access to the strip, then look no further!	
Jan 8 2006	Would stay again at the Gold Coast!!	My husband and I decided to spend New Year's in Las Vegas instead of alseep on the couch in front of the TV. What a great idea! I think we may have to make this an annual event. We stayed at the Gold Coast because, as both of us are public school teachers, we just can't afford the inflated holiday prices of some of the hotels. We had stayed at the GC's sister property, the Orleans last year, so we were not hesitant to stay here. It was wonderful!! The pace was slower, everyone was friendly and helpful, the layout was very easy to navigate, and I truly looked forward to returning every night to the GC. The clientele is a bit older - we are 50, 53 - and I actually found that to be an asset. Immediate check in. Room very pleasant. Restaurant prices very reasonable (breakfast buffet is less than $7 and the 'graveyard special' is $1.99. You even get a coupon for a free graveyard special in your funbook upon check in.) We had rented a car - recommended! - and just took off every day. On New Year's Eve, we simply walked to the Strip to watch the fireworks. Took about 15 minutes, but I think if we do this next year, we will simply stay at the GC and watch from our rooms, as we had a great view. I played the penny machines and had the best luck on 'Jackpot Party'. Actually WON $100! I would stay here again in a heartbeat! If you are not dead set on a fancy shmancy place where everyone is trying to impress everyone and you just want an affordable, clean room with a wonderful casino and restaurants that won't bust your budget, try the GC.	
Dec 28 2005	Quite Right For The Price	I live in Northern California and decided to spend a &quot;heathen's Christmas&quot; this year in Las Vegas. I booked through Allegiant Airlines (an excellent option for travel to Vegas if you live in or near an Allegiant city...better than Southwest). I opted for the Gold Coast because it was, quite simply, the least-expensive of the hotels from which to choose.Being very well-travelled, I knew that I shouldn't expect opulence from the least-expensive hotel/casino on the list. One of the biggest sources of frustration and dissatisfaction when traveling comes when people don't do their research, then have unrealistically high expectations.The Gold Coast Hotel &amp; Casino was pretty much what I had expected. It's about 1 mile off The Strip, and quite cozy, with all the amenities that you could reasonably ask for from such a place. However, due to its off-the-strip location and lower price, you won't see too many Gucci, Prada, and Cartier-draped high rollers (if you aren't familiar with those three brands, then the Gold Coast is perfect for you!); you WILL see an abundance of senior citizens and younger, backpacker types, as well as endless low-end foreign tourists.Both my check in and check out were slightly long. The clerks weren't terribly personable and seemed stressed out and rushed, but I didn't take that personally.The casino is quite adequate, although the carpet betrays its age. There is a buffet and a 24-hour restaurant where the food is good.The rooms are large and pleasant, although the hotel DOES get a big demerit for having completely dark showers.The Gold Coast runs a free shuttle every 15 minutes to its sister property, the Barbary Coast, which is on The Strip. Therefore, for the savvy traveller, it is much smarter to pay the bargain rates at the Gold Coast, then shuttle over to The Strip and enjoy the over-the-top elegance of the landmarks like Caesar's Palace, the MGM Grand, and New York New York.All in all, if you are looking for adequate lodging and plan to spend most of your time in Las Vegas out of your hotel, look into the Gold Coast.One final note: If you choose to use BellTrans airport shuttle when you leave (regardless of the hotel you're using), be VERY wary; specify with them EXACTLY where your pickup should be. Two other travellers and I waited almost one hour for a BellTrans shuttle that never came. Their defense was that it HAD come, and on time. We figured out that the driver had gone to the wrong hotel entrance, not seen us, and had left. We ended up having to take a taxi.	
Dec 27 2005	Improvements Appreciated!	I stayed at Gold Coast 4 years ago, and it was awful. In that time, the rooms have been remodeled and are significantly better, but still below the standards of most other hotel/casinos in Vegas. Food and service at the buffet was average. Nothing terrible about my stay, just nothing that really makes me want to go back.	
Dec 17 2005	Great place to stay	Just return from a tour of the Vegas area, this hotel was our base for the last 3 days there. What can i say first, second and last impressions of this hotel are brilliant. Friendly staff, great rooms, excellent dinning and fantastic location. Arrived early morning 13-12-2005 and was told room was ready for imediate use!!Even thou the hotel is off the strip the hotel run a shuttle every 10-15 minutes to there sister hotel the Barbery Coast right in the middle of the strip. All the shuttle drivers are friendly and great fun. The hotel is only a few steps away from the Rio which is worth a vist just for the free Mardi Gra in the sky show (Lots of pretty girls an hunky men).	
Dec 14 2005	We loved the hotel	Our first vist to Las Vegas but certainly not our last. We stayed at the Goldcoast after it was recommended to us by friends who have stayed there several times.We throughly enjoyed ourselves and after visiting many of the hotels on the Strip felt far more comfortable at the Goldcoast. We enjoyed a suite on the 10th floor, found all of the staff to be friendly and very attentive.I agree with other comments that the bathroom tends to be on the samll side, but that is more than made up for by the size of the other rooms.We made full use of all the ammenities and would definately recommend the Plaid Tidings show. These guys have wonderful harmony and put on a super show.We didn't play the tables but we did find the slots payouts far looser at the Goldcoast than on the Strip.Looking forward to our next stay. Special thanks to Michelle K at the front desk.	
Nov 29 2005	Excellent::: Stay Play Casino and Hotel..	I haven't stayed in the Gold Coast since the month it opened back about 20 years ago.That 11 day stay was superb.The 7 day stay from 11-18-05 thru 11-24-05 was no different.The Casino play was always excellent, laid back, easy going, with exceptionally nice floor people, dealers, waitresses, and bartenders. EVERYONE was nice, courteous and always willing to take the time to help, or profer answers.The Food was as good as it gets, in the Monterey Room, with the BEST Chinese food I have had in years. Then the Filet Mignon meal was FORK TENDER, and cooked exactly as ordered. Breakfast at Monterey Room was excellent and service was FIVE STAR *****.The buffet was opulent with the choices and the service and courtesy were, again, at the top of the list of all the 37 Casinos I have stayed in the last 25 years.The Rooms.Well, my room was Clean, neat, and cooled well at night and day. The towels were clean, daily, the floors and room cleaned exceptionally well each day.TV, WEB Access, Room Service, Wakeup Calls, Housekeeping were top level.Price is in the mid level range, and actually QUITE LOW, when considering all the niceties that are provided and the warmth and amiable attitude of the entire staff, including the Valets.EVERY need, every request, were attended promptly and satisfactorily.I know it may sound silly, but THERE WAS NOT ONE, ZERO, ZILCH, NADA, negative thing or things during the entire stay.Gold Coast is a winner. DO NOT MISS the chance to stay in this excellent Casino Hotel. You cannot go wrong.A.M.&quot;Tuffy&quot; SamsGarland, Texas	
Nov 23 2005	Dated rooms nice pool	The rooms here are dated and in need of refurbishment. Very small bathroom (don't try swinging a cat!). Matress was very odd - it seemed fine once used to it, but to start with it felt like we were sinking into it!Pool area was nice, with two permanent attendants - warmest pool we used during two weeks and six hotels visited.The free shuttle bus to and from the Strip is very useful - and regular. The last one back to the hotel is at 12:30am, so make sure you're outside the Barbary Coast before then!	
Oct 30 2005	Worth considering	Gold Coast is 2 blocks off the main Strip. It is smaller than the Strip hotels which means that you can find you way to the elevators without getting lost.!! The clients are older so the place is a bit quieter. It is a typical Vegas hotel..good standard. They give you a coupon book when you check in..the free ice-cream is really good.! There is usually music/singers at night that you can watch for free.The free shuttle service to the Strip was great..we never had to wait for a shuttle.We went to Cirque's Mystere at Treasure Island which was amazing. Mystere is the only one of the Cirque shows to have a lot of humour in it. It was hard to not finish on the floor because of laughing too much. We got the best seats in the house and were in the front row. I would NOT recommend the front row as you have to peer through the barrier onto the stage. Also they choose a male from the front row to become part of the show..he takes an active part.!! But try to book in the front block as the expressions on the faces of the performers were well worth paying the higher price. NOTE..Cirque do not discount their tickets. You can buy half price &quot;on the day&quot; shows at a place along the strip, but you won't get the major shows like Cirque cheap.We visited the light show at Fremont Street. When we were there several years ago and thought it was amazing so were keen to repeat the experience. We were disappointed as the themes were cars and girls doing pole dances. Maybe it depends on your interest but it did not seem as well presented as last time. Also this area of town still does not feel safe. The actual street of Fremont is fine but walking to your car is a bit freaky.The best hotel for things to see is &quot;Belligeio&quot;. They have a theme garden display which was &quot;Fall&quot; in October and was stunning. The fountain display which starts at 3pm is music with water and is well worth it. We returned for the night displays which were great but thought coloured lighting would have made it just amazing. Some of the outdoor shows were cancelled because of high winds..they ought to live in Wgtn NZ.!! and one poor young boy was beside himself with grief when they cancelled the pirate show. parents be warned.!!	
Oct 23 2005	maybe not gold but close enough !	stayed at the gold coast for 4 nights in october 2005. the personnel were freindly and very helpful. the shuttle to the strip is an easy ride. the rooms were clean and comfortable. one problem with the room was although it was on the 8th floor you could hear the delivery trucks early in the am. the bathroom wasn't that small. the buffet(breakfast)was pretty good and very reasonable. the casino has cheap tables, the slots are outdated, and they really don't have alot of $1.00 machines. great location if you plan on using a car to see the sights off the strip, easy accessibility to rt.15 . the lounge show &quot;the elements&quot; were very good.	
Oct 11 2005	Very Displeased with the Gold Coast Hotel	We stayed at the Gold Coast Hotel for 2 nights - then switched over to the Rio - The rooms were terrible - they were not renovated as they claim...the bathroom ceiling was only 6 feet high...no room to move inside it - the sink and tub were chipped and ancient. The decor was not South Western as listed on their advertising...it was very dark and nothing matched...it had very inexpensive furniture and a small old TV set. They don't change the sheets everyday - unless you make a special request. I checked in as a Handicapped guest...but was given the worst room on the floor by an inexperienced and uncaring front desk clerk...my room was at the end of the hall...a long walk - The manager did not apologize or offer help - she claimed that I must have been one of the last guest to arrive and got the worst room for that reason as per hotel policy. The location of this hotel is not good...it's far from the strip where the action is...they have a free shuttle for guests...but there is a wait and the ride to their sister hotels is not direct. If you insist on staying here - note that their prices vary from day to day - they claim that they will honor any lower rate that they or any other site lists...if they can verify it. If you do find lower rates - call them - and then have an email confirmation sent to you for proof. When I checked out they didn't want to honor the lower price they quoted me - I stood my ground and eventually had it adjusted. There are numerous superior hotels on the strip - if you check their websites you can find special &quot;hot&quot; deals - their prices also change from day to day. Avoid the Time Share sharks...they are located in many of the hotels...they are very aggressive with their misleading free offers. Check the local magazines for discounts for shows and meals.	
Oct 5 2005	Gold Coast---comfortable beds!!!!!!!!	My wife and I stayed at the Gold Coast during our September 2005 trip to Las Vegas. We took the free shuttle from Barbary Coast on the strip (The free shuttle runs until midnight every day), and got to check in right away. The front desk staff was very friendly and informative. The King-sized bed in our hotel room was THE MOST COMFORTABLE HOTEL BED WE HAVE EVER SLEPT IN. Combined with the expansive super-cheap breakfast buffet at Gold Coast, WE LOVED THIS PLACE!!!!!! If you want to save money on hotel costs while in Vegas, and want to sleep like a baby, STAY AT THE GOLD COAST!!!!!!!!!!	
Oct 1 2005	Average	We stayed two nights here. The bathroom had a separate sink area from the shower which I like and a big mirror in the room with good lighting for makeup application. The food at the buffet was good but the wine they offer in the coupon book was not good. The price is right for breakfast ($6.45) and nice choices. Good wait staff. We did get other coupons that we used. Their gift shop is not much. Their liquor area is cheaper than most around the area. No cokes available only Pepsi products; that ------ for my Rum/coke drinks. Coke needs to move into the casinos. All the hotels we were in Pepsi prevailed and that just -----! Good shuttle service to/from strip. Easy to get a cab when we moved over to Flamingo for 2 free nights. Easy to get around the casino to rooms. Not much play at the slots. Noticed it be considerably tighter this year at all the places we visited. We probably won't be back to this hotel as it was not that impressive but okay if you want to try it out once.	
Sep 20 2005	Nice place to stay	My husband and I stayed at the Gold Coast Hotel and Casino back in May 2005 Memorial day week. I found a fantastic hotel rate on Travelocity for $17.00 per night. I love staying at the Orleans, a sister hotel, so we decided to give it a try. The hotel is a little older and in need of an upgrade, but we did have a nice stay. We received a non-smoking room with a comfortable king size bed. The bathroom is a little tight, but it does the job. The coupon book that they give you has some useful coupons, especially the free icecream from Kate's Korner. The casino area is very nice. The gambling was good and the blackjack dealers were friendly. There is bowling and bingo to also keep you occupied. There is also, a free shuttle that takes you to the sister hotels, the Barbary Coast, Orleans and I beleive the Sun Coast. Check in and out were hassle free. We received a coupon upon checking out that invited you back for a free 2-night stay during the week of September 5th to the 8th. If you are offered this coupon, I would suggest to book your room before getting on the plane to go home. I forgot and called a week later and all the nights were booked up. They did offer me a 1 night stay and that is how we ended our Las Vegas vacation for September. We had a redeye flight and we had the room to rest and freshen up and got in a little gamibling before heading off to the airport late Thursday night which worked out well. We would stay here in the future, we had a nice time at a friendly hotel and a good area. It's not the strip, but well worth the money.	
Aug 29 2005 	No Customer Service Horrible Food Small Bathrooms	This was our 2nd stay at the Gold Coast. The first stay was in a suite and it was fabulous, service, everthing - buffet food was mediocre the first time but everything else was good about a year ago. This trip was horrible, couldn't wait to leave. When we checked in we were given the key to someone else's room. No apologies for this, nothing. I asked to speak to the manager several times during our stay, never available when I went. Casino is very, very smoky, buffet food is horrible, especially breakfast if you can believe it, and employees could care less if you were satisfied. I had another stay booked for November, I am definitely cancelling it and staying somewhere else. Not worth the aggravation and all else that came with it. Bathroom tiny, sheets weren't changed daily, and very skimpy on toiletries. AVOID and salvage your vacation.	
Aug 24 2005	Okay if you want to stay put a gamble	Our room was nice and clean, but the bathroom was very small. There is little to do here besides gamble and the casino is very smokey. However, ther is a free shuttle to the strip.	
Jun 22 2005	No complaints about the Gold Coast	We stayed at the Gold Coast for 2 weeks from may 25th, and we had no complaints at all, like many previous reviews have said, the bathroom was very small but nothing to complain about. The bed was comfy and huge, and the room was nicely decorated and very spacious, we were on the eighth floor and it was very quiet, no noise could be heard from the rooms either side, though you could hear people on the landing. Coupon books are very good, lots of freebies, don't be afraid to use them. the shuttle bus is brilliant, runs about every 15 mins depending on how busy the traffic is on the way to the strip. we used to get the gold coast shuttle to the strip and the rio shuttle back, walk through the garage from rio, only takes 5 mins. We enjoyed every minute of our time in Vegas, (our 4th time) and we would stay at the GC again. Only bad thing about the holiday was the flight, we booked premier gold with airtours and it was terrible, the seats were economy seats with a bit of extra leg room, a complaint is on it's way to them with many others i suspect. Unfortunately Airtours are the only airline at present that fly direct from Manchester, lets hope another airline flies direct next year.	
Jun 18 2005	It's O.K.	Stayed here 6/1-6/3 on a $20 per night rate. I can't complain about the rate but I had requested 2 doubles non-smoking. At 4 PM on 6/1, they had no non-smoking rooms left. The smoking room we got did not smell smokey but did show a number of cigarette burns especially in the bathroom. Though I thought the walls were thin from the noise from the rooms I heard in the halls, the rooms themselves were very quite. Biggest problem was on 6/2 in the morning, no hot water. I had to take a cold shower. Individual air conditioners are a tad bit noisy but cool well at full blast. I would equate the rooms to that of a Ramada, Howard Johnson, Comfort Inn or Days Inn. If that is acceptable, you'll like this place. It's a very clean 2*.	
Jun 12 2005	Superb	We have now stopped at the Gold Coast twice and the place is fantastic its better than all the pretend casinos on the strip, here the bar tenders actually remember you and the staff look after you as if they know you. The rooms are extremely clean as they have the best maids i have come across in vegas and we have stayed at 8 other places including the so called luxery places Bellagio etc. If you want Vegas stop at the Gold Coast if you want pretend Vegas stop somewher else!	
Jun 5 2005	Great Value	We stayed at the Gold Coast May 30-June 3. Asked for a room as high as possible and as far away from the elevators as possible. Got the 9 floor (of 10) and had a great view of the Palms across the street! Our room was very clean so no complaints there. The only thing I didn't like was the tiny bathroom. I get a little cloustrophobic so I left the door open most of the time since it was small! We went over to the Rio a couple times as a friend was staying there and it was dead! Lots more action at the Gold Coast. Had a nice band playing at night to dance to.Check in was a breeze as only 2 people in front of me when we got there. Everyone was pleasant. Our remote stopped working the first night and they replaced the batteries the next day and gave us a 2nd one also. No complaints there! We checked out at 12 the day we left, but plane didn't leave until 11:45pm so we checked our bags with the bell desk and had no problems when we picked them up. Great value and great service! I would recommmend to all!	
Jun 2 2005	We had a great time at the Gold Coast!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Gold Coast May 27, 2005. We had a great time! The staff was very friendly. A few minutes after arriving, staff arrived at our door with a coffee maker as our room did not have one which was nice. The beds were among the most comfortable as far as hotel rooms go. We paid to have the wireless service activated and found the set up to be very user friendly compared to other hotels.We had fun playing bingo for the first time. It is true that there are a lot of senior citizens here but we did not mind and found everyone very friendly. This hotel is very convenient to the strip. The casino is big, but offers a limited variety of 25 cent slot machines. Blackjack min. bets are low here - we played at a $3 table and my boyfriend won $550.00!!! We will stay here again for sure! It is less expensive, has more comfortable beds and better service than the strip hotels I've stayed at.	
Jun 2 2005	Great Beds!	My sister and I just got back from three days in Vegas. Neither of us had stayed at the Gold Coast before, so we were pleasantly surprised. The price was right, $50.00 per night, and the bed was the MOST COMFORTABLE one I had ever slept in. The casino wasn't real smokey, and the table games were great. We didn't eat there so I can't give a review on the restaurants. We will definitely come back again!	
May 31 2005	Had a Blast	Stayed at the Gold Coast May 26th-May30th. There were 4 of us in our mid-late 20's. This hotel is about location, location, location. Sandwiched between the Palms and Rio, you are able to party at the hot spots and walk home. For the Rio, just cut through the parking garage. And the Palms is just across the street. The first night we hit the Ghost Bar at the Palms. We only had to wait in line for 30 or so minutes. Figuring out what line your in almost takes longer(Rain/Ghostbar).  We all highly recommend the buffet at the Gold Coast. It's awesome!! There's a ton of variety and you can't beat the price. We also ate at Terrible Mike's one night for something different. It's o.k., fries were good. Monterrey was o.k., mixed reviews between us all. The Palms restaurant Geradino(sp?) has $4.99 steak and eggs after midnight which was good. We took the free shuttle to the Barbary Coast on the strip everday. It's a perfect drop off spot. Easy access to the Billagio fountains, Ceasar's, etc. The fountains at the Bellagio are 10x better at night versus the day. Ceasar's has some cool clubs that we enjoyed, The Pussycat Dolls Lounge and Pure. Beware: You'll have to stand at the Pussycat Dolls Lounge, they don't allow you to sit unless you order a bottle of liquor: cheapest bottle is $350. If you get there early(9pm) there's no cover and you'll get free access to PURE when it opens. Each night we went to Palms we saw celebrities, also keep your eyes out in the airport for the celebs. The pool at Gold Coast is great for your self esteem. Remember, the majority of the people at G.C. are much older. You're not at your hotel all that much, and G.C. was clean and friendly. And cheap food. Rio has some cool clubs: Bikini's(you'll get a taste of this club when you walk in the front door), Voodoo Lounge (at the top). We visited the Tilted Kilt which was a nice layed back bar, fun to chill. Bring your walking shoes for the day and your sexy outfits for night. Girls, I'd recommend something low cut to maybe get you on &quot;the list&quot; at the nightclubs. Guys and girls: jeans were acceptable at all of the clubs, but look hot.Cabs from the strip to G.C. cost us a little under $7. The free shuttle stops at 11pm.	
May 25 2005	Good Value	Gold Coast was exaclty what we we were looking for. Clean with a comfortable bed at a reasonable price. Located within walking distance of the strip. Mostly senior citizens stay here but that was Ok with us. Good place to get away from the craziness of the strip.	
May 16 2005	Below average	We stayed at the Gold coast for 3 nights in April - having moved from the Luxor, it was never going to measure up, but the Luxor wanted $350 for the wkd per night.We checked in okay, although the check in staff didn't really seem to know what was going on - had to ask loads of questions to get the information that we required. The room was okay - bathroom not big enough to swing a cat in, and noisy trucks outside. We did ask for a room at the end of the corridor, but this didn't make much difference as all room doors bang, so you get woken up whenever someone comes to bed on your floor.We ordered room service on 1st night - omlettes, and we both got a bad stomach afterwards - so much so that I was unable to go out. We didn't eat anything else in the Gold Coast.It's cheap and cheerful - the casinos are quite good, but obviously don't have the attraction of the bigger hotels. Would I stay here again, probably not.	
May 15 2005 	Great place to stay	My wife and I stayed at the gold coast from april 10th to the 15th and had a wonderful time. Check in was smooth and fast we found the service and the food were great. We really enjoyed the fact that the shuttle to the strip was free and ran all day long. The only problem we found was we did not realize that there was no refridgerater in the room and being diabtic we had to keep the insulin cold with ice. Out side of that we had a great time and would go back ther again	
May 10 2005 	Gold dump!	I agree with the previous review &quot;Gold Dump&quot; was the name that we coined. I'm not sure what was renovated, maybe the lobbies, but the bathrooms were definitley not. I mean, I should have known that for $50, you get what you pay for. Went to Casear's the rest of the trip and loved it.	
May 10 2005	Everything you need	I stayed here for 4 nights with my girlfriend in May 2005. I'm amazed that this is only a 2 star hotel but then again the star rating system doesn't always indicate what you're going to get. The hotel part of this hotel and casino is a block where all the rooms appear to be similar to each other, either with 2 double or 1 king size bed. The rooms are functional rather than anything special but we found the bed comfy. The air con was noisy but not bad enough to stop us sleeping.We tried several of the food outlets and they were all very good indeed. You certainly won't starve here, and judicious use of the funbooks you get given can cut costs, though nothing is expensive. Funnily enough, I think the gambling subsidises the food and the room costs.For those of a gambling nature, the casino is probably at the cheaper and looser end of the scale - more 1 cent machines and lower limits at the tables. Certainly when we wandered on to the strip, our money seemed to disappear more quickly. Lots of people we talked to said they liked to play in this casino over others. We will definitely gamble here again if/when we come back to Vegas though we may try a more upscale hotel if the price is right. If not, back to the Gold Coast is where we'll head.	
Apr 30 2005	loved the gold coast	stayed here for two weeks. great value for money and not to far from the strip. can walk there safely in about 15 minutes although taxis are cheap enough. rooms in gold coast are spacious and yes the beds are very comfy.you will be given coupon books for money off many activities in the hotel.buffet restaurant and other restaurants serve really nice food and are great value for money.It is a great place to stay especially if you are there for more than a week coz other hotels are massive and a little impersonal. At gold coast it is safe and the security is 1st class.we were really pleased with all aspects of the gold coast and will not stay anywhere else when we return.staff were helpful and love the english so it makes sense to stay there where you will be looked after. poker room is small but good fun because all the locals use this hotel and you get to know about things to do,where to go etc. at the rio hotel which is next door.(short cut through car park) there is a lot going on. go and eat at the tilted kilt. nice food and a good pint of boddingtons. For all the girls out there.... Chippendales have their own club there and it is worth every penny. the lads will have a good night at the tilted kilt while you enjoy a brilliant show. you must visit all the big hotels but unless you have kids miss out circus circus.definately not to our taste but you can get a nice massive hot dog next door at slots of fun for a dollar and a bottle of heineken for 99c. a brilliant show to see at the luxor is blue man group. very alternative but is a must see.Anyway, back to the gold coast. make sure you sign up for a card that you put in the slots before you start playing coz you can earn money to spend anywhere in the hotel.if your lucky you can eat and drink for next to nothing although drinks are cheap enough anyway. we had good weather and it was lovely to lie around the pool for a couple of hours in the morning before venturing out for the day. it is only small but plenty of room for everyone.pool warm and inviting.(very clean) if you get tired of rushing around everyday you will be thankful of the quiet poolside.we saw absolutely every hotel but am glad we chose the gold coast. believe me ,for the money you will not get anywhere as good. we will definately be returning to the gold coast. hello to john thames (a really nice bloke who is a dealer in the poker room) alan is sorry he never got to say goodbye but will be back. To all of you who are visiting this hotel in the near future, have a great time you will love it.... x ALAN x ANNE (blackpool, England)	
Apr 8 2005	Had a great stay!	My husband, sister, a friend, and I stayed at the Gold Coast for 3 nights in March. We arrived early in the day 11:00am and had to wait until after 2:00pm to check in(a very long line that moved quickly). We stayed for $26 a night on the Mastercard promo. Overall it was a very good value. We enjoyed the gaming there and the Palms resort is just across the street. The rooms are average size and the bathroom is tiny but the shower had good pressure and there was always hot water. The room was very clean. The walls are a little thin and you can hear whatever is going on in the hallways. They have good coffee at the Seattle's Best stand in the lobby and the Italian restaurant had great food and service. The hotel is nothing fancy but very comfortable. I would return in a heartbeat.	
Apr 4 2005	good value comfy bed	We stayed for 2 days in Feb 2005. Checkin was quick, bed super comfy, breakfast buffet yummy especialy the mexican part. Hubby won $400 on videopoker. I played for a long time on $20. The bathroom is small and a bit dark at night but that did not deterr us. We'll be back Gold Coast	
Mar 20 2005	Good value 	We stayed at the Gold Coast for one night, prior to moving to the Stratosphere (which was booked for the 1st night of our stay).The Gold Coast turned out to be great value for money and even though it is not on the Strip, it is only one block back (much, much closer to the action that Stratosphere). There is even a complimentary bus that runs to a sister casino (Barbary Coast) on the Strip, directly opposite Ceasars Palace.Good comps (we don't play much so we only ever get what they give us when we check in) and the prices for meals etc were reasonable.Room was large and comfortable (and clean) - everything you need in Vegas. Would recommend to all.	
Mar 19 2005	Should be called "The Gold DUMP"	The best part of the stay was check out!! When we checked in after a 1 hour check in, we made it to our room and much to our surprise we found a vacuum in the middle of the room. Also, the bathroom had what appeared to be a floater in toilet. We called the desk and they said they would send a maid ASAP. A maintenance man showed up with a plunger and worked over the toilet pretty good. We had the buffet for lunch and I felt that it resembled somewhat the same stuff the feed to pigs on the farm back home. But in all, I won $100 at the BJ table but the slot machines performed nicely and sucked it all back in 1 hour. Thanks Gold Coast!!!	
Mar 16 2005	clean and affordable	This is a decent place to stay for a good price. It's been remodeled recently so everything in the room was new and clean. There is a free shuttle to the strip every 15 minutes. You get a better room if you check in early on Friday rather that Saturday. There is lots of free parking, and the staff is friendly and helpful.	
Mar 13 2005	Loved the Gold Coast	If you're looking for a less frantic pace than the strip this is the place to go. I found the staff very friendly and helpful,the room a little small but very clean and everything in working order. They have several restaurants to choose from and a buffet that serves breakfast, lunch, and dinner. If you tire of the Gold Coast, the Palms and the Rio hotels are across the street, and the hotel offers free shuttle service to the Orleans and the Barbary Coast which is located on the strip. I plan on going back.	
Mar 12 2005	I worried unnecessarily	I was very worried about booking at this hotel, BUT was pleasantly surprized and pleased. Our room was very clean and spacious, a bit dated, but who cares, you are not buying the place - and the beds were the most comfortable we slept in after travelling all over the world. Check in was really good and quick, the casino very bright and not smoky, and the shuttle was so easy to visit the strip. I would certainly stay here again, so if you want value for money, cleanliness, and peace and quiet, after the strip, stay here. The only downside, was that some of the staff in the Monterey restaurant, and one girl serving in Seattle Coffee shop, had a bit of an attitude problem. Apart from that, everything was great, and the Americans there, loved listening to our English accents, which was really nice.	
Mar 8 2005	Wonderful Hotel	The Gold Coast was actually much better than I had expected quality wise. The room was very clean and spacious. The casino was large and spacious and the staff was amazingly friendly. The food options were limited but I never ate dinner there with all the other options on the strip and in near by hotels. This is a great place to stay if you are looking for a quality hotel room for a fraction of the price. You are not on the strip but the Palms Casino and The Rio are right across the street. I would definately recommend the Gold Coast and will personnaly go back.I give it only four stars because there are many other hotels in Las Vegas that warrent a score of Excellent. The Gold Coast is older but definately not aged.	
Mar 3 2005 	Great Deal Nice 	Because of the low price we were expecting that we may be making a mistake, but is sounded great for everyone in our family, especially the bowling alley for the kids, and the pool, etc. We were pleasantly surprised upon arrival when we were upgraded to a suite, and the suite was huge and really made a difference for us, the vacation was a big hit. This was a wonderful value and the hotel was close to my seminar and not far from the strip - it was kind of nice not to stay in the hustle/bustle of the strip, alot easier to get around. Highly recommended!	
Feb 26 2005	Pleasantly surprised by the Gold Coast	My &quot;significant other&quot; and I spent three days at the Gold Coast this past November, and we were pleasantly surprised. Our room was good sized, as was the bathroom area. The sink and vanity area was separate from the bathtub and toilet, which allowed us both to start the morning at the same time. Our room was on the sixth floor, and we were delighted to find that there was a small window in the shower that could be opened. And the entire room was clean! When we checked in, we asked if there was a &quot;coupon book&quot;, and there was. Included were coupons for free drinks in the casino, free ice cream cones at the ice cream shop, and a free souvenir in the gift shop (a deck of cards that had been used in the casino). The casino itself was of a comfortable size (not so large that you could get lost, but large enough that was a variety of slot machines); my only objection was that to get to the slots, you had to walk through the bar area, which was terribly smoky. The restaurants were more than adequate. One morning there was a free continental breakfast because the coffee shop was being remodeled--quite a large spread for a continental breakfast! We used their free shuttle to the Barbary Coast on The Strip, which was quite handy to use when we went exploring. All in all, we had a wonderful time and would definitely stay there again and would recommend it.	
Feb 17 2005	Love the Gold Coast	The Gold Coast is the place to stay. We make our room reservations before we make our plane reservations. The Gold Coast is not only friendly, the service is excellent and the security even better. The rooms are clean and have all your necessities for a great stay. You don't need a huge room with all the frills of a expensive casino - you are only there to sleep enough so you can get out and start another vacation day of great fun.	
Feb 15 2005	Loved the Gold coast	It was our first trip to Las Vegas and we stayed at the Gold Coast.We found it to be clean and tidy, but the small bathroom was in need of renovation! The room was clean and of ample size for the 4 of us.We had a hire car and always got parked out front of the hotel.We used the shuttle bus to the strip a few times, which was ok.We enjoyed the peace and quiet after being on the strip.The buffet was brilliant and my son enjoyed chinese for breakfast every morning!! lol We played on the slots but not on the tables, as we didnt know how to, but it all looked very well organised.The staff were helpful although they struggled with our English Accent, but thats the same anywhere in Nevada and California!! All in all a good holiday and we would recommend the GC to anyone planning a trip to LV.	
Feb 8 2005	Gold Coast or No Show!!!	If we can not stay at the Gold Coast we don't go to Vegas!! We are learning to check rooms first and check on airline tickets!! Sending friends to the G.C. for yhe first time . They will love evrybody there! 	
Jan 30 2005	Great value great experience.	This was my first trip to Vegas. I thought the Gold Coast was a GREAT value for what we paid, and very close to the strip to experience it all without the high cost of a strip hotel (we had a rental car).The casino was really nice -- a good, not-too-cluttered layout that was easy to navigate yet still had a lot to offer. The rooms were very decent, and had the most comfortable bed ever.As others have said, the bathroom was a little small (one room with the toilet, shower, and no room for anything else, and the sink just outside that door in an alcove), but that was my only complaint -- the rest of the experience there was awesome. Friendly staff, everything was very clean, good buffet, nice live entertainment (music) every night, a decent selection of TV stations in the room (somewhat of an oddity in Vegas, I've been told), parking always available very close to the door in the ramp -- overall a great place. Would absolutely stay there again.	
Jan 28 2005	If you like Bingo and parting with 65+ year olds	This place is for you! Stop what you are doing and book right now! Seriously, My wife and I stayed there for 5 nights (early 30's) and found it acceptable. The food at the Chinese place was pretty good. Rooms were small but clean. Bathrooms were so small I could get only 1 body part wet at a time. Casino is a bit on the dingy side but Im not hard to please. Met one of the &quot;old&quot; harlem globe trotters in the sports book. They have a shuttle that will run you to the strip or you could walk across a 6 lane highway to either the Rio or Palms. I actually got up early one day and played bingo. What a trip. I thought you got bingo when ever you got all the numbers in one line. I did and screamed bingo out in front of 300 old people. They were not amused because the game was little diamond or something LOL. I got reprimanded by the old woman to the left of me with an oxygen tank to not yell again unless I had it. In Summary: I can have fun any where I go. I had fun here too but if you are looking for a place that has a bit of class or a place where you can &quot;dress up&quot; this place is not for you. I personally had fun kicking it with the oldies for a while. I spent most of my time on the strip!	
Jan 18 2005	you get what you pay for	Stayed January 13, 2005. Check in was smooth, room was ok, bathroom very, very small and toilet malfunctioned. Bed has a foam mattress and three tiny flat pillows for a &quot;California King&quot; bed. It was clean however. Just stayed the one night as we had room booked at Bellagio for our last three nights. Fun book wasn't of much use except for delicious ice cream (worth $2.50). Hot dog a very good deal for 75 cents at the sportsbook. Staff was very friendly. Took shuttle to Orleans for breakfast buffet (very good) for 6.95. Shuttle doesn't start til 9:30 which I feel is a bit too late in the morning. We paid $40.00 for the night so I guess you get what you pay for. I would not stay again as it is out of the way and even with the shuttle it gets full and sometimes you have to wait much longer than the every 15 minutes they say they run.	
Jan 17 2005	great price for the location	We did our annual group trip to las vegas and stayed at the gold coast this year jan 11th 2005, great rooms, good casino. no let it ride tables which was a little disapointing. great location. short walk to the palms and rio. clean, clean, clean. nice sports book with a 75 cent hot dog stand !!! free shuttle to barbary coast and orleans casinos. you won't be disapointed at this place!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Jan 6 2005	cockroach in room	Stayed at the Gold Coast for 4 nights around Christmas.Place was small compared to most in vegas, rooms were clean and nice and the bathrooms weren't as small as I heard they would be.Food was just ok, gaming also just ok, but no problems with noise at night or staff. Nice to be out of the hustle and bustle of the strip area.Unfortunately, we did find a coackroach in our room on our third night there.After talking to six people, half a day wasted and being so upset that I couldn't even deal with the staff any more, they gave us a free upgrade to a suite and gave us free dinner and breakfast. Very nice of them but I would of preferred not to of had a cockroach in my room, getting upset and wasting my time.We weren't looking for freebies we just wanted our room sprayed and for them to pay to launder my belongings but the refused. I was even more upset about bringing home these little buggers in my luggage but they didn't care how upset I was about this.This sure put a damper on our trip. Would we stay there again?NO!	
Jan 3 2005	Great for the price!!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Gold Coast Dec. 21-25. We loved it because it was off of the strip away from the busy street. It provided shuttle service to the strip, which other hotels don't offer. We are not gamblers, so we didn't care to check out the tables or slots. The price for food, hotel, and other attractions at the Gold Coast were great. I would recommend this hotel for people who are on a budget and would rather spend their money on other things while in Vegas!	
Dec 24 2004	Stay here gamble and eat elsewhere	Stayed second week of Nov'04. Check in was no problem, and they gave me a room away from the elevators (quieter). Room was adequate, though the bathroom was tiny when compared to today's newer budget hotels. Maid service was adequate. Would have preferred a sink in the bathroom. The dining areas and gambling floor didn't look inviting, and the gambling floor smells like an ash tray, seems to attract the low roller chain smoker. Gamble and eat elsewhere in Vegas, but for those looking for an inexpensive and clean/safe hotel room can't go wrong here, and having the Rio and Palms next door and accross the street helps.	
Dec 21 2004	Super hotel for those on a budget!	I found this hotel to be a great find. Very close to the strip. The trendy Palms &amp; Rio hotels right next door. Free shuttle to other Coast owned hotels &amp; one of them is right on the strip. Room was super clean &amp; newly renovated w/ nice decor. Bathroom could've been a little bigger. Small pool. Elevator's slow &amp; often crowded, but looks like they were doing a renovation on their elevators so that's probably why the problems. Wonderful buffet with a huge selection &amp; great prices. Lots of fun slot machines without being too noisy like some casinos. If you're looking for a hip party vibe then this hotel is not for you. If you're on a budget and want to enjoy all Vegas has to offer then this is a great place to stay at a great price! Next time I want to check out their Bowling Center. Will definitely stay here again! Helped make my 1st trip to Vegas a memorable one!	
Dec 20 2004	NEW POKER ROOM !!!	This was our 2nd trip to Vegas. The first one we stayed at Bally's but spent most of our time at the Gold Coast. The dealers &amp; staff were friendly here unlike the casinos on the strip. I was skeptical of the $20/night rate &amp; thought maybe the rooms were not as good. I was pleasantly surprised to find that our non-smoking room was beautiful. At Bally's we paid more than $125/night for a bathrrom with tiles off the walls and stained carpet. The Gold Coast had a newly renovated modern bathroom with a separate sink area. The beds were comfortable &amp; the room was immaculate. We were in a room at the end of the hallway but that made it that much quieter that rooms by the elevator. I watched my husband play Texas Hold'em for 4 hours before the dealers convinced me to try (I was scared to play). After 6 hours of straight play I walked away a winner. I really apreciated the dealers showing me how to play. They are truly assets to this business.I strongly recommend this hotel &amp; casino to anyone visiting Vegas.	
Dec 13 2004	Would not go back!	My girlfriends and I have been going to Vegas since the early 1990's and we decided to give this place a trial since it was a good price. We went in October 2004. The biggest problem was the shuttle. It doesn't get started until 9:30 am so that leaves you little time to get started on your day. We then got tired of waiting for the shuttle so walked over to Rio which is quite a jaunt. We for the first time in all the years we have been there, suffered terrible rainy weather. Therefore we had to stand at least 20 minutes each time waiting for the shuttle and for the most part, it was raining and miserable and it was usually packed on the shuttle. The table games were limited...they did not even have 3 card poker which is very popular right now. They also had no Let it Ride card games. They present you with a Gold coast Card which promises many comps, etc. when actually you get nothing. We got nothing for the hours of gambling we did there. When we checked out, we were told that we should have got a black table card. The rooms were okay, we spend little time in our rooms but I have to say the bathroom was dinky. The good thing was the restaurants were good in the hotel. I would definitely not come back to this hotel. There is way too much competition in Vegas and they could have done a lot better.	
Dec 5 2004	Love the Gold Coast	My wife and I stayed at the Gold Coast from November 27 to December 4. We had a great time. The staff was friendly and very helpfull. This is a smaller hotel and all of the hotel is a short walk not like the larg hotels.The food at the buffet is excellent and the coffe shop is great alsoWe would recommend this property to any one over 50.	
Nov 23 2004	Great start to a great holiday	Started our recent trip in November 04 to USA here for 2 nights, and what a good start. Plenty of free parking, quick check in and friendly staff.The room was excellent, large and spacious, although quite a small bathroom but as someone else said, 'who spends a lot of time in a bathroom' The room was quiet and clean, heard very little noise from the outside corridor and even less from outside.The food at breakfast was excellent and we enjoyed a great steak buffet on the Sunday evening.Free shuttle buses to The Strip were a great bonusAll in a great place to stay, would recommend any one to stay there and made better by winning on the slots!!!!	
Nov 23 2004	wonderful Stay	I spent from Nov 8 to Nov 12 at the Gold Coast. It was a great place off the strip. The shuttle service to the strip and to the Orleans were an added bonus for getting around. I joined the players club and ended up eating free for my trip. The buffet was good. They have plenty of variety. The slots were generous on my first night there but they ended up keeping what I had won. Romms werer big and comfortable. I would deffinately go back again.	
Nov 17 2004	Solid stay for 1st time off strip	We stayed at the GC from October 22nd - 26th. This is our 8th straight fall in Las Vegas and we've stayed at everywhere from the Imperial Palace to the MGM and we found the Gold Coast to measure up quite nicely.The beds WERE quite comfortable and the hotel is very easy to get in and out of if you're heading to the strip (vs. MGM). Shuttle to strip was solid and the buffet was very good and a great value. Also, they have a free workout room that is very nice by hotel standards.Gaming was fine but the sports book was a little smoky for our tastes. All in All, Mart says will be coming back	
Nov 17 2004	great value for your dollar	I am not about to compare apples to oranges, as comparing the Gold Coast to other Strip location hotels would not be fair. It isn't glamorous, nor close to the action, but it makes up for it in so many ways. The hotel is clean, the casino is expansive and well-lit, the staff is friendly, the beds really may be as comfortable as the other reviews say, the breakfast buffet ($5.95)cannot be beat, and above all else, it doesn't cost much to stay there. ($69/night for friday and saturday) On the down side, the room was nice, yet uninspired-- dated fixtures in a cramped poorly-lit bathroom, and if your room is lower than the fifth floor, very poor views, if any at all. The room was alright.But I am the kind of person that doesn't spend much time in my room. It had the comfy bed and was quiet and dark for sleeping. If I wanted to spend time in my room, I would have spent the extra 100's to stay at Mandalay Bay or the Venetian. And if I was looking for glamour, I would just toddle across the street to the Palms, or hop into my rental car and head off to the strip. (parking at the Gold Coast is a snap, btw) So I guess what I am trying to say here is that I love the Gold Coast for its sense of value. Would I rather stay at Mandalay Bay or the Venetian? Sure! But can I afford that every time? No! A person could go broke staying in a hotel where ambience superceded good all-around value. I suggest you put your needs/expectations in context and give the Gold Coast a try.	
Nov 12 2004	Great Value for Good Service.	Check in was fast absolutely no line up took less than 2 minutes. Stayed Sunday thru Thursday on package deal but could have got rooms for $20-25 a nite if paid with mastercard. Room is fine nice and clean, the bathroom is ok for your average guy quite small with poor lighting don't try showering at nite unless you want to do it in the dark. Maid service was good never ran out of the usual shampoo,conditioner soap towels etc. Elevators worked great super fast I'm not sure if thats because their arent that many guests or not. The Clientelle was mostly 30-70 middle class working folks looking for a cheap gettaway. also a lot of locals frequent the sports book in the evening it can be a challenge to get to the betting window in a timely manner they could use one more employee to take bets for horse racing. Also there are no personal tvs in the Sports book. But you can see all the action on the big screen TV's The cocktail service was good the waitresses always came back to ask if we wanted another drink before the last one was gone. The Breakfast buffet was Excellent and had no line ups. I think its better and cheaper ($5.95) than the one at the TI. The Hotel location is fine a shuttle to the strip is provided but we hung out at the Palms for a couple of days only 100yds away across the street that place has the Hottest Cocktail waitresses and also has great drinks service so if you want to play at the Palms but Cant afford the rooms the gold coast is the place to stay.	
Nov 3 2004	Friendliest place in Vegas	Been staying here for at least 10 years every February. Wouldn't stay anyplace else.Dixie Land band greatest!!!! Rooms great!!!! Food very good. Love the hotdogs by the sporting section and your love Keno best in Vegas.NelsonFaribault, MN.	
Oct 15 2004	Simple Hotel/Casino; Good value	Good value off strip hotel next to Rio and Palms very, very convenient free shuttle to Barbary Coast Hotel, across from Bellagio, Caesar’s and Bally’s. Cheap good food, nice rooms, small bathrooms but how much time do you spend in the tub? Friendly helpful staff, good parking.	
Oct 3 2004	always worth a stop	Have been visiting this hotel for several years - usually in January. Prices are unusually low for this town. The room service is efficient and the rooms themselves are well furnished and well maintained.The is plenty of free parking. The much more upscale hotels Rio and Palms are on opposite corners but a walk to the Strip is somewhat long.It's possible to take the bus shuttle from this hotel to the Barbary Coast and back - they are affiliated hotels. The Barbary Coast is on the Strip across from the Bellagio and Paris Las Vegas.The gaming area in this hotel has been expanded and there are plenty of fast foods outlets, for the occasional snack. Overall - a top notch bargain.	
Sep 17 2004	Great Place for the Money	We stayed at the GC in April 2004. It was our first time in Vegas as after seeing the strip I believe we chose wisely. I chose this place based on so many positive reviews and we were not sorry. Room was very quiet and clean including bathroom. Although small it had great water pressure and hot water. The bed was the most comfortable I have ever found in a motel. We enjoyed the casino (didn't treat us too badly). We ate at Terrible Mike's several times - food was good and cheap. We really enjoyed the bingo hall - treated me very well. The pool area was very nice they have a great hot tub. We will return to the GC on our next trip to vegas.	
Aug 19 2004	A great no-frills casino	I've stayed at the Gold Coast twice now and I'm going back in 3 weeks. The first time I walked in my heart sank as it was full of drunken rodeo riders. After a few hours I loved it!It's cheap 'n' cheerful which is why the locals go there.The bowling lanes are superb, the small pool was quiet and relaxing, the rooms are bigger than UK rooms, the bar staff were the friendliest I've ever met in my life and there's a free bus to the strip every 10 minutes!You can't go wrong for the money!OK, so it wont give you that 'Vegas Experience' but as somewhere to stay while you explore the rest of Vegas, it's great.	
Aug 18 2004	Great option for Budget Seekers	My boyfriend and I were looking for a cheap getaway, and chose GC based on the reviews we read here. I got an amazing deal for 2 guests, king bed for $34 a night in mid July. Hotel is easy to find, has ample parking and in a great location. Check in was fast and we both got coupon books (the free cocktail coupons were a plus!). The room was lovely: Large comfy bed, great view of the Palms and the strip and space capsule bathroom. Everything was clean and newly furnished. We had a breakfast buffet and ate the the Arriva. Both were OK and economical. The ten pin bowling was brilliant--esp at 1am! The shuttle bus was excellent: frequent, fast and reliable. Only complaint I have is that it is quite a walk from the car to the room. Also, our room was at the end of a corridor and it was far away from the elevator and the ice machine. Note for women!: I tried the pool in the evening--and it was habitated by lecherous men and varsity youths--which made me feel quite uncomfortable. The clientele elsewhere was local and friendly though. All in all---a great comfortable hotel if you want to save money and stay away from the Strip.	
Aug 18 2004	Expecting more	After reading all the reviews here, I decided to book my 4 nights (from Aug. 7, 2004) in Vegas at the Gold Coast. This was my first time in Vegas but in my opinion I think we could have gotten something better elsewhere for the same money. To start with the hotel is not in the Strip (we knew that) so if you don't have a car (and I don't recommend driving in Vegas, traffic is crazy!!) you have to take the free shuttles that go from Gold Coast to the Barbary Coast Hotel in the Strip (across street from Bellagio). These shuttle should run every 15 min. (that's what the ppl in front desk say) but you could easy stand for more than 40 min. waiting for the shuttle to arrive.The room was dark, furniture is old, the bathroom was really tiny (almost European standard) with no air circulation and it didn't look too clean, the air conditioner was noisy and even so in the middle of the summer (around 110 degrees outside) the room never got really cool off. The front desk staff where not the most helpful ppl you could find....in the other hand the bell boys were very kind and willing to help. The pool is really small, I think some Best Westerns have bigger pools.The casino was ok, good slots machines...Again, I am not sure how the other hotels around the same price are in Las Vegas but in my next trip to Vegas I will definetly not stay here.	
Jul 6 2004	Gold Coast Rocks!	Totally love the Gold Coast. Not the big fancy hotels but well worth the money. First booked about 4 years ago when checking out room rates. Sold on the bowling. With four teens (sons/brothers) and free shuttle was worth it. And have been going every year. Recommend to my hs teams who are in tournaments and friends and family. Buffet very reasonable since changed to station format but food was not bad before. Love the after midnight bowling for $1 a game but sometimes the attendant can be testy...has to deal with teens but make sure yours are over 18 and have ID. That will help. Love the shuttle and try the Orleans buffet too. The rooms are nice for the money. Pool could be bigger but still a good deal overall!	
Jul 4 2004	Great Hotel	Stayed at the Gold Coast June 27 to July 1. We had read reviews of this hotel and decided to try it. The rooms were very nice and clean. All the reviews talked about how comfortable the beds were, and they were right. I liked the bathroom because the tub and toilet were together and the sink was outside of it, with kind of a dressing area. All of the hotel and casino was very clean. We booked the midweek special twice and also got 2 breakfast and 2 dinner buffets with it. They give you coupon books when you check in. Check in was fast and so was checking out. We have stayed at the Excalibur and the Flamingo and the Gold Coast was the best value.	
Jun 30 2004	Great Stay at the Gold Coast	Not the Ritz, but the rooms are spacious &amp; clean. Bed was great as was the shower (no water saver on this one!). Room was very quiet, great for sleeping in after gambling all night! Restaurants are good &amp; inexpensive, esp. the buffet which has the best desserts in Vegas! The free shuttle to the Strip makes the location ideal if you like to get away from the crowds &amp; the noise. We stayed there 4 nights &amp; thought it was one of the best places we've stayed in Vegas. Will no doubt stay there again. Altho we didn't bowl, the bowling alley is excellent. They also had a good nightclub act in the Cortez Room.	
Jun 13 2004	A great place to stay!	Myself and my 12 year old son stayed at the Gold Coast in April of this year and were very pleased. The room was clean and easy to get to from the casino. Breakfast buffet was very good and a good value at $4.95. The bowling alley was a great thing to do on a slow evening. ( No partying with a 12 year old!) The hotel is easy to get to and parking is plentiful and close. The slots have ticket in/tickets out, which I thought was great. I tend to be a &quot;machine hopper&quot; and it was easy to cash out and try a new machine. Lots of video poker in small denominations which I like. Also lots of penny slots for us budget minded people. I have also stayed at Circus Circus and Excalibur in the past but Gold Coast is my favorite so far. Going back in July with my brother and wanted to do so cheaply so am going to try Westward Ho. Reviews are mixed so will be interested to see for myself. If it doesn't work, Gold Coast will be tops. 	
Jun 4 2004	Ok but water cold in shower	Stayed for an entire week during a training course. The temp of the shower was cold at night, but not in the morning and the security folks were unpleasant a couple of times (don't wear a hooded sweatshirt from the workout center, or they may think you're a criminal).The workout center was nice, and the casino was fine. Not the best place I ever stayed at, and certainly not the worst.	
May 31 2004	nfr 5 star	normally stay downtown at the nuggett-howeverthis place is great. Rooms were much better than expected. service was super-everyone friendly and helpful. Steak house was superb. did not come out a winner-but thats more my fault. The dealers are so nice, I just keep sitting there giving it all back.We had a party of about 10 and they will not stay anywhere else this year during the rodeo.	
May 15 2004	Great value	My wife and I stayed at the Gold Coast for the first time on May 11 for one night. She was hesitant because she likes the big fancy resorts but they were simply running too expensive that week so I thought I would give the Gold Coast a try. Like eveybody says, the rooms are spotless. The pool was small but okay. The casino was fun, relaxed and easy to navigate. Check in/out was a breeze and the staff was very competant if not invisible. I can tell you that my wife actually told me that she was impressed with the Gold Coast and even suggested that we no longer waste several hundred dollars/night at the fancy places and use the Gold Coast as our home base from now on. 	
May 14 2004	Great value! Will definitely return!	Although older, I found the hotel to be in very good condition and very clean. With the frequent shuttle to the strip, it makes it a perfect location. The dinner buffet @ $10 was excellent, as was the breakfast buffet @ $5. This hotel is an excellent value -- which is what I am for when I travel.	
May 6 2004	My favorite casino	The Gold Coast is my favorite casino to play video poker. There is a large selection to choose from, many with the best pay schedules. The rooms are very clean and functional. The bathrooms are two divided rooms (tub/toilet in one room and sink in the other). I agree they are smaller by about 2-3 total feet than many other hotels, but are still very functional. The beds are soft and comfortable. Rooms are usually priced between $30 - $45 this time of year (internet discounters may be less). The large casino is very easy to navigate. The buffet is one of the best food values you'll find in LV; large selection and tasty. A dixieland plays in the afternoons from noon - 6:00pm. Overall, it is a wonderful place to stay, next to the Rio and Palms. Free shuttle service takes you to the Orleans or Barbary Coast on the Strip. Highly recommended.	
May 4 2004	Can't beat the price...	The Gold Coast was a perfect place to stay. The shuttle service provided easy access to the strip. The room was perfect for us as we didn't need anything more than a place to sleep. It was clean and comfortable.The service on check in was kind and courteous. I would not hesitate to stay at the Gold Coast on my next trip to Las Vegas.	
Apr 23 2004	Can't wait to come back	We stayed at the Gold Coast over Spring Break and I couldn't believe the value for the quality of rooms and service. The free daycare was awesome as my wife and I had the chance to spend some time at the tables together rather than having to gamble seperately. The kids loved the daycare and after we finished supper were able to head to the bowling alley. The Palms isjust across the street with a first class movie house so there is plenty of family stuff to do as well as fun for the adults. The beds were the most comfortable I have ever slept in. Can't wait to get back to the Gold Coast.	
Apr 2 2004	Functional Hotel and Casino	Stayed a couple of nights in this place. Pretty decent casino (though better craps odds would be nice), above average buffet, and the shuttle to the Strip made things handy. Hotel room walls weren't the best at keeping out next door room noise, but for a $30 room on Monday/Tuesday, I won't complain too much.	
Mar 21 2004	excellent 1st visit to vegas	My husband and I stayed at he Gold Coast from 5- 12 March 2004 it was our first visit to Vegas and it was very enjoyable. Yes the hotel did have a few locals in it but that to us was a good indication. My main worry before we arrived was that I had read there was no safetydepost box in the room - that turned out not to be a problem you just go to the cashiers desk and they give you a box behind their counter and incidentally is free which was a shock compared to the prices you have to pay in european hotels. The staff in all every part of the hotel were very polite nothing was too much trouble to them. We intend to return to Vegas again and we will certainly look at the Gold Coast again.	
Mar 18 2004	Great value!	We stayed at the Gold Coast after staying on the strip. great value, clean rooms, good buffet. The pool was small, but not too crowed. Enjoyed the off strip location, but could take the shuttle to the Barbary Coast if you wanted.	
Mar 17 2004	Gold Coast was a good value	My son and I stayed at the Gold Coast March 5-7,2004. We attended the Nascar race and as is to be expected motel rooms in Vegas prices about triple during a major event. The rooms at the Gold Coast while higher then usual were more in line with what we could afford. The motel was clean, the staff was friendly and the food was good. My son who is 21 felt that the motel mainly had older people staying at it and spent most of his time at the RIO which is right across the street. I found the slots were tight but did manage to hold about even for the trip, which is pretty much a win. Lots of Black jack tables at $5 and getting on one didn't take long. Dealers were friendly. Would stay there again and may try and book rooms for the National Finals Rodeo.	
Mar 15 2004	Excellent value	If you're looking for a great value in Las Vegas accommodations, look no further than the Gold Coast. The beds are soooo comfortable, the food was great (especially the buffet), the location is fantastic (near the Rio, Palms, Strip, I-15), and the employees were friendly and courteous. Would recommend the V.P. slots but suggest avoiding all the rest. Our only complaint is that, because of it's popularity with the locals, the Sports and Race Book is very noisy, even for a betting room.	
Mar 3 2004	What a Dump	This place was a DUMP, there was maggott infested food in the hallways.. The help was very poor nobody spoke english.... The pool was green with some kind of funk going on... we are going down again in may and we are going to stay at the imperial palace	
Feb 28 2004	I would recommend it	This was our second stay at the Gold Coast. We stayed there in 1999, and was satisfied with it then. Rooms were clean, a little run down, but not bad and the staff was very friendly. What a sunrise to see how much they improved it with the Remodel. The rooms are not plush, but they are very nice. The most comfortable beds I have ever seen in a Hotel. All the staff was friendly and helpful. I would recommend it to anyone. The next time I head for Las Vegas the Gold Coast will be the first place I look at for a room.	
Feb 24 2004	Love The Gold Coast!	After vacationing at several strip hotels we decided to try The Gold Coast last year. We just returned from our 3rd stay there and will return again in April. The staff is friendly and courteous, the rooms are clean, the restaurants are wonderful (and priced right) and the shuttle runs often enough that there is seldom a wait, (although we enjoy the walk to the strip). Can't imagine staying anywhere else!!	
Feb 23 2004	Will definitely stay again	Just returned from a wonderful Valentine's weekend stay. Though bathroom was tiny, everything else was great. Room clean and comfy. Casino very nice with great live band and excellent restaurants, not to mention a fine dinner and show deal with prime rib for thirty bucks! There were lots of locals here, but they couldn't have been friendlier and the staff was excellent too. I may never stay on the strip again since it is soooo crowded, but it was nice to take the free hotel shuttle there and back when we wanted to sightsee. Definitely a strong recommendation based on our stay. Right across the street from the Rio and the Palms, two other nice places. Give Gold Coast a shot. It is great. DM St. Louis	
Feb 20 2004	Exactly What We Wanted	After reading whatever we could find from travel guides to comments from other travelers, we chose the Gold Coast for our recent stay in Vegas (Feb. 12-15). It was everything we were looking for in a hotel; check-in was quick, our rooms were clean, spacious and we had a partial view of the strip (we were on the 6th floor), the rooms were very quiet, the bed was really comfortable, and the price was quite a bit less than most other hotels. Parking was a breeze - we parked on the upper level of the parking ramp and walked right into the hotel in just a few steps. The hotel itself was very clean, and it was easy to find things. The staff was nice and helpful, especially Mimo, the Bell Captain. The breakfast buffet was fabulous ($4.95), and our dinner on Valentine's Day evening in the Cortez Room was delicious, the service excellent and the price for 4 adults eating lobster, prime rib and orange roughy, with wine and desserts, was just under $100. It was easy to find the slot machines we wanted, or a $5 blackjack table. After seeing the sights (and fighting the traffic) on the strip, it was nice to come back to this hotel at night.	
Feb 14 2004	great beds	we stayed in november. We had great service. The beds are great. They are made of foam not an interspring. If you like select comfort beds or a water bed you will love this. plus free CHILD CARE!	
Feb 11 2004	The Gold Coast was cool....	I was impressed...very clean, staff friendly, buffet not bad...some slots paid very well. The room was definitely large enough and clean. We will stay there again.	
Jan 17 2004	What a dump	Probably the most boring, plain hotel in Vegas. My wife liked the bingo, the kids liked the bowling, my cheap friends liked the $3 tables and the buffet was great. But all that can be enjoyed by staying next door at the Rio (the best value in Vegas)	
Jan 14 2004	Great Stay	Stayed at Gold Coast 12/30/03-01/04/04. Rooms were clean, restaurants/buffet was great, friendly staff, and free shuttle service to the Strip. Gold Coast is a great value.	
Jan 14 2004	Loved it	If you want fancy, look elsewhere, but if you want a nice room, well maintained and the best bed I've slept in at a motel, go to the Gulf Coast. Most hotel beds are hard, but this one is one I would have in my home. Extremely comfortable. Room is about the size of a normal hotel room. TV was better in quality and selection than Harrah's and the rates are fabulous. More money left for the blackjack table. Highly recommended.	
Jan 7 2004	A great deal	Have stayed at the Gold Coast just once, but have ended up there many other times. The hotel has been COMPLETELY RENOVATED from its former dark and drab appearance, and and it is now a bright, cheerful place.The entire property has to be one of the very best overall values in all of Las Vegas. Excellent, value-priced dining at several restaurants, cheap gaming ($2 craps!) and lots of slots and video poker, good entertainment, and nice rooms for the price. The staff is very friendly and the entire place has a warm atmosphere...lots of locals, but not a bad crowd at all.What makes it especially convenient is that there is a free shuttle to sister hotels Barbary Coast on the Strip and the mammoth-sized Orleans off-Strip.	
Jan 2 2004	Very nice hotel great location!	My friends and I stayed there in August '03 and were really pleased with the hotel. The first night we had to spend in smoking rooms (they smell really bad!) because we got in late, but the next morning we were able to move into non-smoking rooms. They have a nice pool w/ hot tub and a bowling alley which was really cool. The restaurants and the casino are great too! The location couldn't be better, the free shuttle (5 minutes ride) drops you off across the street from Bellagio &amp; Caesars. It can be a nice walk too. It's a great hotel for a great price. I would definitely go back again.	
Dec 31 2003	Bingo player	I love Gold Coast. I go to play Bingo, but like the ice cream parlor, terrible mike's hamburgers, seattles best coffee. I like that the bathroom windows open. Also, like the location.	
Dec 11 2003	Video Poker Hell!	If you are a serious Video Poker player you can't consider staying at the Gold Coast any longer. Virtually all of their full pay machines, which used to be a very good assortment, are now gone. The hotel and restaurants are good, but if you don't want to get ripped off on video poker, stay at the Gold Coast and spend your time playing at the Palms across the street.	
Nov 16 2003	Great place	This was a great place. Although it was off the strip the free shuttle bus makes up for it. It was relatively cheap and had a great buffet.	
Nov 9 2003	Gold Coast is a deal	I go to Vegas a couple times per year. The best bang for my buck is the Gold Coast. If it was on the strip, it would be perfect, but they do have a shuttle that does go to the Barbery Coast on the strip. The room rate is one of the best and the food is excellent in all areas plus friendly hotel personnel. The bathroom is a little cramped, but I can live with that.	
Nov 9 2003	About what we expected	We stayed at the Gold Coast October 24-25 2003. We chose it as it was a good rate for a Fri-Sat stay and we have read good reviews. All in all the GC was a good deal, clean room, good food at the coffe shop, buffet and Terrible Mike's. If the GC is a little too pedestrian for your tastes, the Palms &amp; the Rio are right next door.We found the casino a tad on the shabby side (as well as the clientele), didn't see too many winners either!! Cocktail service seemed to be lacking, but we found that the case everywhere we went this trip. The slot club has the Coast Casino system of awarding points on coin-out, not coin-in, which sucks big-time.In summary, we got what was advertised. We did notice that the staff at the GC were very nice and did a good job.	
Nov 4 2003	Terrible walls	Terrible walls between rooms, I can even heard the last room on the hall ways making noises, cheap cheap cheap	
Oct 24 2003	Very enjoyable	We enjoyed our 4 nights there and found it very comfortable. Very clean and newly redecorated. Easy access to dining rooms &amp; coffee shop. Off the strip, not so much hustle and bustle as some of the larger hotels. The staff was very accommodating in every aspect of our stay. Easy access to strip via shuttle every 15 min. Valet parking was wonderful and quick in and out. Easy access to taxi and other forms of transportation.	
Oct 12 2003	vacation week	Pleasant Hotel. Everything functional and then some. Meals and buffet most pleasing. Shuttle to strip a plus. Rooms are nice. One of the largest, attractive sport books around. Dealers need to be more friendly and smile. Good off the strip bargain. Rio and Palms nearby.	
Sep 22 2003	Cheap but little more	Its hard to believe that anyone would give this hotel five stars. It does has two positives - it is cheap, even for Las Vegas, and the food in the restaurants is generally good. Now to the negatives: long, slow check in lines; extremely small rooms with the tiniest bathroom I have ever seen; the entry door opens directly into the hall; no safes; the views are those of the casinos roof; requires a bus ride to the strip; and the casino itself is overly bright and uninviting. The gambling is much better across the street at The Palms. We won't stay there again.	
Sep 21 2003	great bargain shuttle a plus!	We had a coupon for buy 2 nights get one free, so we stayed here for 80$ for three nights! The rooms resembled a super 8, not fancy but adequate. There is a shuttle that runs from the hotel to the Barbary coast(mid-strip) and also to The Orleans hotel. It is free and runs every 15 minutes. The buffet is about 9$ per person and is also very good. The waitresses were always around when gambling. The pool was small but there weren't very many people there when we went, so it was fine. Very close to The Rio and The Palms if you want to go some place close to gamble.	
Sep 20 2003	Gold Coast 9/16-9/19 2003	Negatives 1-Bathrooms were very small 2-Slots seemed to be tight. 3-Need to drive to anywhere else. 4-Beds were soft(I like a firm bed).Positives 1-Free Child Care 2-Drinks were coming real fast with a $1 tip. 3-Buffet was good. 4-Check in was fast. 5-Gift shop had good prices on alcohol. 6-Free gym.Overall the experience was better than average. Paid about 40 bucks a night.The key to the whole deal was that we had the kids with us and the free child care made the whole experience dirt cheap. Most places don't have child care and others charge $5+ an hour. For 2 Kids at 3 hours that would be $30 a day so that makes the room price dirt cheap.I would say that if you are taking the Children then stay here for sure........If you don't have Kids along, then stay somewhere else.	
Aug 8 2003	good overall	Enjoyed our stay this summer for 2 nights at the Gold Coast. They have an excellent buffet there and we won at the casino where the slots seemed to be loose for Vegas. The only complaint I have is that the beds were very lumpy and was not able to sleep well. Enjoyed bowling after midnight for only 1 buck per game. Would probably stay here again. A good overall value.	
Aug 6 2003	Fantastic Bargain	The Gold Coast is a fantastic bargain! I cam with eight girlfriends and we enjoyed the easy access shuttles and the bed was soooo comfortable. We had fun and saved money. What more could a person ask for if traveling on a budget?	
Aug 6 2003	what I always wanted	My husband and I stayed at the hotel for a week and can't wait until the next time. I went for the Bingo and would do it again and again. we found that the staff from all functions of the hotel were friendly helpful and just plain nice, unlike the bigger hotels. I have recommended it to other people and took pictures to show them. How do you spell vacation Gold Coast Hotel. Looking forward to my next trip and just wish it could be sooner. Mary H. (stayed the week of June21-28)	
Aug 1 2003	Abosolute best hotel for the price!!	This was our first stay in Las Vegas and the Gold Coast Hotel and Casino was A #1 in our book! The rooms were very classy, clean and comfortable!! The buffet at The Port 'O Call was the best that I have ever tasted. They had every dessert imaginable!! They had everything from Fried Catfish, hushpuppies, shrimp, lasagna, beef with broccoli, fried rice, a taco bar, enchiladas, salad, fruit, and even had an awesome breakfast buffet!! Gold Coast Casino was clean, and the entertainment was...well...entertaining!! Awesome place that I will recommend to anyone, and will definately visit again! :)	
Jul 31 2003	The Best Clean and Comfortable	We stayed at the Gold Coast for 5 nights, middle of July 2003. Checking in was quick; staff was friendly; hotel and casino are well layed out and clean. Enjoyed meeting BillyTim and Christian, waiters in the Ports O'Call buffet, ask to be seated at one of their tables when you go. After seeing the crowds on the Strip, it was a delight to know we were not dealing with them once we got to the Gold Coast. Local people play at the Gold Coast and they are also friendy. The bowling lanes were also a delight, as was the swimming pool and fitness center. We highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 25 2003	Just Great !	Just came back from our US trip. Stayed for 5 nights in Las Vegas, i.e. the Gold Coast Hotel &amp; Casino. It was just great. Good service, clean, good food, good entertainment. Not such a mass product as many other accomodations on the Strip. Great value for a reasonable price.	
Jul 15 2003	Great Value		
Jun 25 2003	Great Rooms ho hum food		
Jun 7 2003	A Great Stay!! Recommended!		
May 8 2003	not impressed		
Apr 7 2003	Great value!		
Mar 14 2003	Gold Coast was nice		
Feb 19 2003	Very friendy staff		
Jan 31 2003	Gold Coast Hotel Best Kept Secret in LV		
Jan 5 2003	Outstanding Service!!		
Nov 8 2002	Very Pleasant Stay		
Nov 22 2009 	economico e basta		
Mar 30 2009 	????????????????		
Jan 31 2009 	????????		
Jan 19 2009 	??????		
Oct 26 2008 	Günstiges Hotel in "Stripnähe"		
Oct 25 2008 	No muy formales.		
Aug 18 2008 	pas bling bling du tout!		
Jun 10 2008 	Déprimant mais au calme		
May 9 2008	Zimmer ruhig gemütlich und sehr sauber		
May 3 2008	Gut und günstig!		
Apr 2 2008 	Wieder sehr zufrieden!		
Mar 13 2008 	Gutes Hotel für kl Preis		
Feb 5 2008	hotel discreto ed economico		
