	Good for money I paid	Can't complain for price USD 42,- per night for two beds. Clean, friendly, great location near the STRIP....Viva Las Vegas...	
Nov 15 2009	very average	you get what you pay for rubbish air con basic all over ..	
Nov 4 2009 	Great location basic affordable...good option if you have a pet	Stayed here on a SPONTANEOUS, 1 night trip to Vegas. We chose this hotel because it was the only one we could find (while on the road) that allowed dogs of any size. Since we also had our teen with us, we scoped out the place before walking in. The motel was wasn't too crowded but looked safe - no one shady or suspicious. The room was very basic but clean. We found the location VERY convenient...just seconds from the strip and major casinos. The person at the front desk was very friendly. We checked in at 8pm, went gambling until past 2am, went to sleep for a few hrs, and took off the next morning. I usually despise staying at motel chains like this, but it worked for us. It was perfect for our quick trip...and super cheap (less than $50).	
Oct 1 2009	Horrible	This hotel was one of the places we were staying at as a part of our tour. Although in a good location i wouldnt pay to stay in this room ever again. The bathtub was mouldy, the shower head fell off, the sink to wash your hands in wasnt working and the room. Pretty much after all that me and my roomate decided to check out and pay a bit extra to stay in the MGM Grand which was much nicer.	
Jun 6 2009 	great for the strip	stayed here last year when i got married in little white chapel.rooms ok location great we wanted somewhere quiet to stay and this was perfect.rooms were clean &amp;cleaned everyday.toiletries replaced everyday as was tea &amp; coffee.the diner at the entrance cocos did great breakfasts for $5 &amp; other food good 2.the location was perfect across the road from mgm &amp; 2 mins from the strip.cant wait to go back	
Apr 6 2009 	Good value for money centrally-located hotel near the Las Vegas Strip	I've always returned here on trips to Las Vegas owing to good value for money and the central location, close to the Strip and all amenities. That said, don't expect someone to put a chocolate on your pillow, or come in to turn down your bed - this is a budget hotel. There is a security guard who actually gets out of his office and does the rounds in the grounds, so no-one should fear for their safety here. All round a good value hotel in a great central location. Never had a problem here.	
Feb 7 2009 	Great location OK hotel.	It was just my friend and I (both females) that stayed here. It's sandwiched between two Motel 6's, and the people staying at those motels were kinda shady. On our walks to and from we were often &quot;harassed&quot; ('hey ladies where ya going?') by drunk men driving or walking by. One night we were being followed home so we ducked into Coco's restaurant for awhile so that they didn't try and force themselves into our room. I would not stay there again if I didn't have a male with me. We had to make sure no one was watching or following us every time we entered our room so that no one knew where we were staying, just to be safe. There are some rent-a-cops who piddle by every now and again but they aren't too scary-looking driving golfcarts.For quality comparison, it's about equal to staying in a Motel 6 or a Super 8, so if you don't mind staying in one of those rooms, you won't mind staying in one of these rooms. I found this place to be a bit cleaner than most of the Motel 6/Super 8's I've stayed in though. It's a great location. It's on the nicer end of the strip by MGM Grand and NYNY. Maybe a 5 minute walk to MGM? The staff was very friendly, they let us check in WAY early (we arrived at 7 a.m. and were exhausted from traveling all night) because they luckily had our room clean and ready already. They also will call you a cab. We had a run-in with a jerk cabdriver who was trying to charge us almost $30 to take us to MGM because 'it cost him that much to put his taxi on the road and we could walk there in five minutes' (we were in high heels and it was late so we didn't wanna walk). He drove away when we refused to pay that ridiculous price for less than a mile, and the lady at the front desk was quite irritated at the driver and apologized and called us a new one who was much happier. If you're just planning on sleeping, showering and changing there (which you should - you're in Vegas!) then it's good for it's price. If I had the extra money I would stay at MGM. Ladies - be careful, don't stay here without a guy.*Note* The pictures are from after a few days of being there, the messiness is our own fault. =)	
Jan 13 2009 	it was ok	booked this hotel at $40/nt over the internet. I did not see any shady people around. The shower water temp fluctuated but was manageable. The bed sheets looked clean. room looked clean enough. i did not smell anything. The heater only took a long time to heat up only on the first night. After that it was ok. This is a bare bones hotel ,like roadway inn, motel 6, i.e. no kleenex box. I did see a hair in the sink after room service, after i was there 3 days, but it was mine. The TV worked.There was wake up service via the phone. The door locks worked ok. You need to make sure to pull the door shut though.	
Jan 6 2009 	Basic but great location!	I've stayed at this motel in August 08 for a week and overall I'm happy what I got for my bucks. My room was clean, aircon worked well and the location opposite the MGM was excellent. Unlike to other reviewer's experience, my door DID lock properly. Also, I couldn't spot any shady characters lurking outside. The rooms aren't very big, I'd say they are fine for 1 or 2 people and absolute max 3.Only problem I had was the curtains, I had to put the yellow pages on them, otherwise someone could have seen me snoring inside! In addition, the aircon was rather noisy. But I didn't notice that when coming home late at night, as I was tired, happy and tipsy. It's Vegas after all, I only went back to the motel to get some sleep or for having a shower.	
Jan 4 2009 	Try something else!	Guys spend a little more bucks and look for something else while you enjoy your trip to las vegas. Overall it is a 'garage' looking inn with poor maintenance, smelly carpet, worn-out interiors, broken doors.Pros: Location (right on strip), 24hr open 'Coco' restaurantCons: As above. Everything else. Pricey for what it is.. I think the only reason why they charge so much is because it is on the Strip!	
Nov 22 2008	Great location crappy hotel!	I stayed here in November as part of a pre-organized group tour. We were already warned beforehand that it was going to be the worst hotel on our tour and not to expect much. However, the location was perfect, a 5 minute walk to the MGM Hotel and The Strip. Did not have any major problems with the hotel but wouldn't recommend walking around its grounds alone at nighttime ... the cop cars scouring the hotel carpark at all times of the day said it all for me! Dodgy looking characters roaming around and I got sick from the breakfast in the Denny's by the hotel (as did one of my traveling companions) but apart from that it was ok. For the prices they charge per night, you can't expect much.BTW, the Best Value American Inn at Eloy in Arizona was FAR worse than the one in Vegas ... have not stayed at any of their other properties but from these two experiences, I would avoid this chain in the future! There are better hotel chains in the US.	
Nov 10 2008 	Run	The hotel is in an excellent location near the MGM Grand and Hooters, and the person at the front desk was very personable. As for the actual rooms and the sketchy people hanging out near the hotel in the evening, it left a lot to be desired. The rooms appeared clean at first, but the mold around the bathtub, the bathroom door that wouldn't close and the foul odors told a different story. It impossible to sleep - even though I had a full day of walking the town and seeing a concert - because of the offensive odor of the bed/pillow and the paper-thin walls that allowed me to hear everything anywhere near the room. Ultimately, the room was used from about 1 to 4 a.m., when we couldn't take it any more and decided to leave town without a night's sleep.	
Nov 3 2008 	Good enough.	Got a good deal on priceline for this hotel. $30 a night on Halloween weekend not bad eh? Anyways, the rooms are small, if you're traveling with more than 2 people, I suggest you look elsewhere. These rooms are good for 1 or 2 people and no more. The location is great, 10 minute walk from MGM Grand, and next door to Hooters. The front desk staff was nice. If you're in Vegas for the hotel and bumming around, don't stay at this hotel. However if you're like me and only use the hotel to sleep in, this place is excellent for the price. Pros: Good location, 10 minute walk from MGM Grand.Friendly staff.Cheap ($30 a night avg the weekend I went)Cons: The AC in our room was finicky, sometimes it'd work, other times the air was somewhat warm. Same with the shower, hot water and cold water appear at random. Whatever, $30 a night in Las Vegas :)Small rooms, travel groups of 3+ beware!	
Oct 24 2008 	good value for money	My family..2 adults and 2 teenage boys stayed here for 6 nights, and loved it. Yes the rooms we smallish, and it was old, But after travelling the world for 2 months prior, the room was no different in layout to the Sheraton, comfort inn, Holiday inn etc. When you consider you only go there to sleep and freshen up it was an excellent choice of accomodation. We had a 24hr restaurant and swimming pool, laundry facilities...For the better part of the day if you are not sleeping you are out and about sightseeing. For goodness sake you are in VEGAS.....If you want to spend 24hrs a day in you room, go to the Bellagio or Caesars palace.Most days we slept until 12pm and walked the strip new and old until 3am in the morning, fell into bed and did it all again the next day....You get what you pay for, nothing more.	
Oct 19 2008	Location Location Location	After reading the reviews, I was a bit apprehensive about staying here. Although it was part of a tour so I didn't have much chose. I wouldn't have picked this hotel personally as the rooms were way to small for two single beds and nowhere to store your kit. All in all the hotel is very old and in need of an update but its just off the strip so the location is great.	
Aug 13 2008	Nothing has changed!	This is the 2nd time I have stayed here.The first time was 2 years ago.Both times it was with a tour group so i had no choice.I’m sad to say nothing has changed.The rooms are so small you can barely fit 2 people and luggage in it-there is nowhere to put luggage, bags or clothing.The beds are positioned so close together it is ridiculous.The sink had human hair in it and the shower head was falling off.Aside from that my tour manager tells us to be sure the door is locked as plenty of rooms have been broken into.As I was on the ground floor this did not make me feel comfortable.A lot of people speak of the great location.Well on a hot day it is still a 10-15 min walk to MGM and I am a very quick walker!I do not think the location is fantastic.Luckily I was only here for one night and believe me that is enough.This was the 2nd and final time!	
Apr 17 2008	The Last Resort	This is not the place to stay. Rooms are very small. The place is old and needs major overhaul. An attempt to remodel is on the cheap. People are friendly but can do only so much. The AC didn't work when we arrived but they did fix it the next day. There is a much better value at the Super 8 on Koval Lane around the corner. As a travel agent I wanted to see if the reviews were correct and whether I wound send someone there. Only as a last resort would this be an option to book.	
Mar 14 2008	Disgusting Dump - Stay Away	Flight got cancelled due to storm, so I picked out of the phone book. I should of asked to see the room once I arrived there, but I didn't. Once got into room and looked around, I wanted out, but was told that it was after 4 and I would have to pay for the night. My hair stuck to the headboard, the sink didn't work, the wardrobe cabinet was junk with it's door broken and hitting us as we moved around the room, looked like picked out the garbage and filthy. I was stuck, but I did go next door to Motel 6 and booked a room for the following night at a lower cost,	
Feb 16 2008 	Surprised and Happy	My wife and I stayed three nights at the Las Vegas, Americas Best Value Inn. Before we arrived I checked some of the reviews and found them mixed, both good &amp; bad, so I prepared my wife for the worst. Upon arriving early we found the clerk to be very friendly and helpful. The Inn is a bit old school but we found our room 247, very bright, clean and appeared to have been recently printed, there was no coffee maker or hair dryer but we planned ahead and brought our own, no problem, I believe if you request them they are available. Like most LV visitors we spent little time in our room other then sleeping in a comfortable bed and showering in a nice big shower/tube with real hot water. Because we didn't spend a lot of time in our room whatever noises the airport offered we didn't find to be a problem, nor did we see any strangers about the property. The location is really great close to the strip and most hotels, we didn't use the pool but we did see others in the Pool and Jacuzzi enjoying themselves. Over all I'd say this is a place we'd stay again with no hesitation, just don't expect what you would get if you stayed at one of the big Resorts or major Hotels, which you'd pay much, much more for.	
Oct 15 2007 	Gives "cozy" a whole new meaning	This motel is located next to the Hooters casino in Vegas, which puts it just off the strip. It has a nice pool and hot tub. There is a restaurant onsite, but I didn't eat there. We had a double room - two full-size mattresses crammed into a tiny space. Recently (I hope) painted, but renovation on a much larger scale is about due. The room smelled clean when we arrived. The beds are comfy, if small for 2 adults to share. The toilet was a little beat up, the bowl had cracks and the lid's paint was bubbled, but the restroom was clean.The employees at the front desk were very friendly and helpful. They are not the polished staff you'll find at a larger chain or more expensive hotel, but they took good care of us. They called us a cab, and then checked on it after 10-15 minutes, without us asking. They know the area well and give good directions.Overall, I'd reccommend the motel to folks who are trying to stay within a budget and want to stay close to the strip. However, if you want luxury or even just a step up, there are tons of options. The Motel 6 is actually surrounding this property and may have what you're looking for. We were looking for value, and got a pleasant experience as a bonus!	
Jul 10 2007 	Avoid at all cost	I moved to Vegas, and i arrived to late on a saturday to get my apartment keys, so i had to look for a 2 night stay cheap. Staying at this dump was the worst thing i ever did. Dont be fooled by it's location (Almost front of MGM) There are plentty of scum and low life there. The interior is discusting, and i had no towels in my room, i went to the tinny lobby to ask for some towels and some one called my wife knowing i wasnt there, just horrible, we saw people delaing in the parking lot. Honestly if you value your family dont stay there, Know looking back, i would had rather slept in a casino parking lot, than staying in the worst dump in Las Vegas.	
Jul 4 2007 	Stay here if cost is the only consideration	The motel is old and the walls are paper thin. It's location is OK for an off-strip lodge considering that the MGM Grand is across the street and Hooters Casino is a half block to the west. I couldn't get my key card to work immediately after check-in and then the same thing happened the next day. I was able to get internet access from my room #244, but another guest said he couldn't (didn't get his location). The A/C unit never got the room cold until 4:30 a.m. and by then you could start to see the room getting light from the sunrise. I used taxi cabs for four days to get to the RIO and only one in fourteen trips knew where the motel was when I gave the name. The shower squealed constantly when the hot water was on and I could hear the same from other rooms. The carpet was really old and the blinds left a crack on the side that let a lot of light in. Bring ear plugs and eye shades if you really want to get a good night's sleep.	
Jun 26 2007 	Just a place to sleep at night	The hotel is very basic and quiet old, but it has a great location, just right in front of the MGM Grand. If you are going to Vegas you don´t need to stay in the hotel, therefore it´s a great place where to spend the night. One morning, as we were going on an excursion to the Grand Canyon (try and do it if you can!!), we asked for a wake up call. They NEVER called and they said they did call. So never ask for a wake up call.	
May 24 2007 	americas best value my foot !	what an absolute dump !this was without a doubt the dirtiest room i have ever stayed in. the bathtub accually had nasty black mold all over the tub. the carpets were so dirty that i ruined a pair of white socks walking on it. there were old syringes on the ground, and the pimps and their girls walked all over the parking lot all night trying to sell themselves to anyone in the place. nasty, nasty, nasty !!!i was very offended, and folks, I&quot;M A BIKER ! i voiced my displeasure with the woman at the desk. she just blew me off, while talking to another customer, she said she had found what looked like bedbugs in her room, yuk ! i packed my bike and rode like the wind. and all this only cost about twice what the motel 6 next door coast.americas best value ? NOT !	
May 12 2007 	Don't Stay Here	I stayed here a few years ago, cheap &amp; cheerful then but now....Do not stay here if you can help it. For an extra few dollars stay somewhere else. Yes you get what you pay for, and you pay for poor quality room, decoration, facilities and location. You could not swing a cat in our room. Yes you only need to somewhere to put your head down, but head down on what - thankfully I had my own pillows, and the sink had mould over the taps and the bathroom was marked and unkempt. I felt if I had a shower before I gave it a clean I would have come out more dirty than when I went in. I did'nt take my shoes off the whole time I was in the room, my shoes where sticking to the carpet. But arriving after a very long drive just needed some sleep - got some much needed sleep, then moved on in the morning to another motel close by that was a palace in comparison for only 4 dollars a night more. This place looks as it has not had any kind of routine maintance in quite a few years and is looking tired, dirty, unkempt and in desperate need of some attention.The Wi-fi did not work in the rooms, you had to drive up to reception to get any kind connection, yes drive up to reception and I did not feel safe walking up in the semi dark with my laptop under my arm. Do stay somwhere else rather than here.	
May 7 2007 	America's WORST	NEVER book a stay at a hotel with the words &quot;America, Best, or Value&quot; in their title! First of all, the room smelled dirty. The beds were hard and there were not even any drawers to put our clothes in. The hotel claimed that it had been recently rennovated. If by &quot;recently&quot; they meant in the 1960s, then yes, I guess it had. Somebody had punched a hole in the bathroom door and the toilet was discolored. This place wasn't even worth the rate we paid. I would pay more than $10 a night to stay here, and that's being generous.Furthermore, halfway through our trip our keys stopped working. We'll be staying on the Las Vegas strip from now on.	
Apr 28 2007 	Good Hotel / Watch the Reviews!!!	I was really scared after reading some of the reviews on this hotel (Because I was thinking I have already booked it!!!). I stayed there for 4 nights and had visions of sleepless nights, filthy rooms, awful staff and catching something strange. NONE of these were the case. The hotel is in a great location, clean, polite staff. Yes the aircon was a bit noisy but arent they all. Yes the decoration was basic in the rooms but your in Vegas baby go down the strip for decoration!!My friends and family stayed at the Luxor and only had a shower my room had a Bath! Stay here save some cash and put the savings on Number 25.I did.	
Apr 26 2007 	Great Location	I travel on business and fly out of Las Vegas quite a bit. I always stay here, because it is close to the airport and close to the strip, without the cost of a strip hotel. The MGM shuttle is right across the street and there are many different restaurants to choose from. The rooms are smaller, but clean and comfortable. The staff is always helpful and when I have a later flight they will store my luggage until I need to pick it up. This is the most affordable and convenient place for my needs.	
Apr 5 2007 	Don't stay here	This place may be cheap and at a good location, but don't stay here! I don't even know where to start it was so bad. Firstly, the staff are so so so rude and have a lot to learn about customer service! The internet took my money, the washing machines took my money - and if you try to ask the staff for your money back you had better watch out! They were not nice at all... oh and then there was the whole issue of they gave our room key to a complete stranger! We got home at midnight one night to find a girl asleep in one of the double beds... all our stuff had been moved. And when I went to the front desk to try and sort it out, I asked what would happen if any of our stuff was missing and the reply I got was &quot;we are not responsible for any stolen items.&quot; THEY GAVE SOMEONE OUR ROOM KEY AND DIDN'T CARE! They finally moved us to another room and when I went to check out they told me that there was no one in that room number and that I must have been mistaken. So disorganised its pathetic.	
Jan 31 2007 	Not Very Clean	I stayed here recently with a group of 6 others while attending the CES.I wasn't expecting much other than a bed to sleep in since everything else during this time was sky high.So far 5 of the 6 companions that stayed there have contracted body lice. Try explaining that to your wife.Other problems were found a used condom on the floor. Also on 3 of the 5 days I was there the housekeeping staff failed to clean the room. It took 2 calls to the front desk to finally get the room towels changed and bed made.Otherwise, the location is pretty good and there was a good breakfast place in the same facility.	
Oct 30 2006 	Wow...	The guy at the desk knew what he was doing....but other than that....wow!	
Oct 27 2006	Good location/bad location...	Cheap, preety close to MGM Grand etc. BUT the car park and place itself seems to attract dodgy types. The best advice I could give is ; single women avoid.	
Oct 19 2006 	great location shame about the hotel	Great location opposite the MGM Grand is the best point about this hotel. Very scruffy rooms and buildings, needs a lot of TLC. There is a pool but didnt look much. The staff were EXTREMELY rude and unhelpful. We had problems checking in after arriving on an early flight, so dont believe what they tell you about 3pm. There is no where to store your bags (and we were not the only ones having this problem) Had to pay an extra $20 for a late checkout so we had somewhere to store our bags. The diner was good, staff very friendly and good prices, but its nothing to do with the hotel which explains the contrast. Give this hotel a wide berth if youre fussy about service and standards.	
Sep 26 2006 	Disgusting shabby dirty	There are several words that could describe this place - disgusting, shabby, dirty, and cramped.We booked the room through the AAA website and were appalled that AAA would even offer this place or recommend it.In the room we stayed the hotel obviously crammed two beds into a room that was only big enough for one bed.To give you an idea of how small the room was - only one person could fit between the end of the bed and the TV stand. In order for both of us to walk in the room one person had to wait until the other person passed.There was no room on either side of the beds – they were both flush against the walls. One bed was up against the window. The only way to reach the air-conditioning controls was to climb on top of the bed.The furniture in the room looked like it was salvaged from a junk yard. There was a small, narrow make-shift shelf set up between the TV stand and the wall. The shelf was not attached to the wall so one touch and the entire shelf collapsed (which happened to me twice – spilling everything all over the floor)The room was dirty. The bathroom was dirty and rundown. There were so many disgusting stains all over the door and walls of the bathroom that it looked like they had never been cleaned.Registration and check-in desk is located in a very small narrow space nowhere near large enough to accommodate guests. Check-in was an awful experience. The staff was in the process of closing out so all the guests had to wait until they counted their tills and closed out. During that time the staff ignored the guests entering the “makeshift lobby”, never made eye contact with anyone, and did not explain the delay. The area quickly filled up with people – too many to fit in the tiny space. When the staff did begin waiting on guests they were not rude but at the same time the tone of their voices was not pleasant either. The price we paid for the room was exorbitant compared to what we got in return. For $132 a night we expected to stay in a room that was decent and clean and not in a room that was disgusting, dirty and cramped.We will be writing to AAA and sending them a copy of this report. We would never even consider staying here again.	
Sep 19 2006 	Not bad at all	i admit, i was leary of staying here after reading some of the other reviews but i was in vegas to gamble and sight see, not spend all day in a hotel room.true, its not the most glamorous hotel in las vegas. so if you're looking for glitz and glam i suggest you stay in one of the expensive hotels on the strip.the cost of the room was inexpensive but i got what i paid for. a bed, air conditioning and a bathroom. what else do you need in vegas??? yes, there was some noise due to people coming back from the casinos late at night or early in the morning but i think you can expect that at any hotel you stay at.my bed was comfortable. the room was clean and housekeeping came every day. the pool was nice but the water was cold.it was also very conveniently located with easy access to MGM (and the monorail), Hooters, Tropicana and New York New York.	
Aug 31 2006 	Got what we paid for	This hotel ranked 3rd out of 5 hotels my wife and I stayed at during our honeymoon week in the US.After having spent a horrid night at the Best Western Mardi Gras, we took a book filled with discount vouchers for walk-in reservations and went hunting. We finally chose this property because of its close proximity to the Strip (about 5 minutes’ walk from MGM), because it would require less traveling in the morning when heading south on I-5 back to California, and because of the price: less than $40 a night. We got what we paid for.The reception counter was in a small room which became full when more than 7 people tried to squeeze into it.The room itself was average. Having paid little, we received little: no bedside clock radio, no fridge, not much else. But, it had a bed, a shower and an air-con. Nonetheless, two things on arrival to the room were very disappointing. 1) We checked in at 4:30 into a room facing west (i.e. the sun had been shining on that side for several hours already) – when I pulled my key card out of the slot and turned the metal handle to open the door, I ended up being burnt because the door handle was super hot. 2) the air-con was very very weak. I am against leaving anything running in my room if I’m out of it, but I had to leave the air-con on “high cool” while we were out for the evening, and the room was only “comfortable”, not “cold”, when we returned 6 hours later.The property’s 262 rooms are nicely laid out, and the pool looked inviting. However, in terms of in-room amenities, we got what we had paid for.	
Aug 30 2006 	AMERICA'S WORST VALUE INN!!!!!	This so called &quot;hotel&quot; was dirty and sketchy. The rooms were litteraly falling apart (the door handles were loose, the bed was tilted to one side, the sheets felt sticky, there was no door to the bathroom, the shower floor was slimy and dirty, and the water ran brown.) To add to the dissapointment, the property was filled with bums trying to sell us illegal drugs and inappropriate parafanalia! I felt scared just walking around to my room entrance! There was only one staff member on site and he was friendly, but very unhelpful when we asked him for help booking a cab. Our experience here TERRIBLE!!! It was the worst hotel experience I've ever had and I will NEVER go back!!!	
Jul 26 2006 	Great value great location	We stayed here for 3 nights in early July 2006, we were recommended this motel by friends who come to Vegas every year. It's almost opposite the back entrance to the MGM Grand (a handy shortcut into airconditioning when it's really hot). It's on the same site as the Motel 6, which is next to Hooters. On driving into Las Vegas for the first time, we found it straight away. The reception were really helpful (even when we locked ourselves out of our room). The rooms were clean, towels wre provided, the beds were comfortable and there was a good shower. The rooms are small and basic but this motel is cheap and in a brilliant location for the strip and as it's set back from the road it's quiet. We came to Las Vegas to spend money on going out not on expensive hotels and this motel suited us perfectly. I would definitely recommend it and stay here again - excellent value.	
Jul 22 2006 	Excellent Value for money	Our friend recommended this place as it was great value for money, so we stayed a few nights and completely agreed. We stayed the expensive weekend nights here, and then stayed in a fancy casino on the cheaper week nights. Across the street, at the light, is the back entrance of the MGM Grand (a very cool casino right in the center of the strip). At this entrance you'll find the MGM guest registration, the MGM bellhops and taxis, the MGM monorail station, and the MGM box office - not the MGM casino, but what better location! You save a lot of money for not being on the strip and for not being in a casino, but the service was friendly and the rooms were spacious, clean and nice.	
Jun 11 2006	Not the greatest	I have stayed at both this location and the Motel 6 on the same block. I would rate this hotel worse than the Motel 6. My room was furnished with worn out furniture and bathroom fixtures and was missing tiles in the bathroom.I stayed on a Friday evening and the price was $25 less than the Motel 6. I payed less and received less. I think the low price paid was fair for the room provided.	
May 16 2006	Excellent value for money in an excellent location	We have just returned from a 6 night break to Vegas and stayed at Americas best value inn. If you are not bothered about the glamour of one of the main resort hotels this property is an excellent choice. The rooms are clean and comfortable, the staff are helpful and friendly. The location is excellent for the strip and only a 5 minute walk from New York etc.We will definately be back.	
Feb 10 2006	Cheap and clean. Good value.	Stayed here for three nights in two rooms. Gave us next door to each other, and with a car full of luggage, parking 6 feet from our front door was unbeatable. Booked in UK with click4hotel and got it for a total of £92 for 3 nights in 2 rooms. Can never beat that. Slept in room approx 4-7pm and early am to about 7 am. Its what Vegas is all about. Rooms very basic and a little dark. But they were clean and beds were comfortable with linen changed daily. No worries about location as its 5-7 mins walk to the Trop/NYNY/MGM. We walked every night. It would prob take this long to get to your room from the Casino in a lot of the Strip hotels!! Contrary to other reviews, saw no unsavoury loiterers and felt pretty safe. Front reception has complimetary coffee, microwave and refrigerator use. Will stay again.	
Jan 2 2006	Here for gambling and adventure	We travelled from the UK and stayed at this hotel in mid-December 2005 having booked through last-minute.com. If you are in Vegas and your main aim is to gamble and explore the wider area, then this place is a good bet for the money. The hotel is 2 mins drive from the airport and you can park outside your room. There is a resturant (coco's) at the edge of the hotel which serves an excellent breakfast. Our room offered clean and comfortable accommodation. If you are flying in to Vegas I would personally always rent a car as this will allow you to make the most of all the sights and sounds Vegas and the surrounding country has to offer.	
Oct 24 2005	Worst hotel stay ever...	We originally stayed at the hotel in October 2004 and left with a poor impression. We notified the manager and expressed our concerns about the state and cleanliness of the property. We received a response from the manager saying that the property was in the process of going through a renovation and many of the rooms had been upgraded. It was possible we had stayed in an older room. He offered us a complimentary stay on our next visit to Las Vegas. Despite our better judgement, we booked a room in October 2005 hoping that the property had indeed been upgraded. When we checked into the room, we found it in the same or worse condition that the first room. Carpets were extremely dirty (after taking off shoes and walking around room, white socks were a dark brown color). Room smelled of cigarette smoke despite its designation as a smoke-free room. Double beds were extremely small and lumpy, and we discovered bugs in one bed the following morning. Bathroom was mildewy and plaster was peeling from walls. Hot water was intermittant. I would definitely NOT recommend this hotel under any circumstances.	
Oct 13 2005	A cheap and convenient place from which to see Vegas	This hotel is excellently located (about 5 mins walk from the strip). It is also very cheap - a key element if you're planning on doing some gambling! If you're a hotel snob then don't stay here because it's fairly basic. However, I found it acceptably clean and comfortable. You can also park right outside your door. The pool is nice, the staff friendly and there's a good place for breakfast (Cocos) round the corner. The only issues I had were that the air conditioning unit was a bit noisy and neither the bath nor sink had plugs.	
Sep 2 2005	skanky skanky and dirty	do not stay here!i kid you not - i stayed here and got &quot;bed bugs&quot; or scabies from the dirty sheets (maybe it was the comforter). took me a week plus to get rid of them. again i kid you not. the washers/dryers here at this hotel were so disgusting that i had to wash my clothes at the motel 6 washer/dryers next door. do not stay here ever under any circumstance!	
Aug 17 2005	If you can afford something better dont chose this hotel	Small room, very small, I was all the time behind the courtains or everybody could see me because the room was in the corridor. It was clean, air conditioned works, and they change the towels and the bed every day. After the second night I coudn't stay longer and I moved to the beatiful Monte Carlo hotel on the strip. That was a great experience to forget the cheapiness of America Best Value Inn. Im picki and this tipe of hotels are not for me but If you are short of cash and can't afford another option its not that bad. Its close to the strip 2 long blocks that seems 5 at least, at the MGM hotel you will find the monorail station to go all along the strip for $ 3 a ride or if you buy a $20 card you get 10 rides ( $ 2 each)	
May 30 2005	Another Nice Low End Las Vegas Hotel	This was the final stop in my four hotel odeyssy this last week. I was pleasantly surprised by the size of the suite. It is actually two rooms made into one room. So you have a front and back door. Nice size bathroom. The room was a tad musty but for the age of the renovation it was not bad for the money. Some of the downside issues. There was tons of mildew in the tub. The light would not shut off (this was a first for me), and a guy tried to sell me a fake rolex in the parking lot. But hey, this is Las Vegas. If you are in a pinch this is an average place to stay at average cost	
May 18 2005	Get what you pay for	We have stayed here before and therefore were not worried about repeating the experience;however,the first time we stayed,we booked before reading the reviews and then worried about having made a BIG mistaske.Yes the rooms are small and the furnishings need updating,but my home is not that posh;I tried in vain to stop the maid changing the sheets and towels daily as we do not do this at home,but she wasn`t having any of it.The shower was powerful and hot;the location excellent for the Strip;the pool and hot tub were cleaned regularly and the pool area was pleasant considering its size and location in the middle of the complex,the staff were accomodating and worked hard to make the place comfortable.We had no problems walking back at night as the place was well-lit with a security guard.We have stayed on the Strip where check-in took forever and could not take place until late afternoon,the hike to the pool was a route march and dragging luggage from the parking garage a chore,here we parked right outside the room ,the pool was beneath our window so any forgotten items were easily and quickly retrieved.If all you want is a clean room and a place to shower and sleep,stay here,if you want luxury,pay for it elsewhere.	
Mar 17 2005	Execllent Deal	One of the best kept secrets in Vegas. Directly next to the Motel 6, and just a hair better. Excellent location, directly across the street from the MGM and the Monorail which will take you to all the major casinos on the strip. Don’t expect luxury, just value, and try to get a room facing away from the airport to reduce the noise from jets taking off at night. The place does have a nice small pool and hot tub.	
Mar 15 2005	We're here to gamble	If you are going to Vegas to explore this is a deal. It is a place to store your suitcase and sleep. It is a bit of a walk to the strip and the rooms are small but clean.	
Feb 18 2005	Bad impression	Spent 3 nights and would not come again. For 5 or 10 $ a night more you get a room at a much better property. The room at this Rodeway Inn was small, with almost no furniture, the TV remote control was out of order. Everything was worn-out. The room is not cleaned until 2 or 3 pm, so if you return earlier in the day you get to meet your trash and towels from the previous night again. The only advantage is the parking and the location.	
Jan 28 2005	Pretty ordinary even for a budget property	Now known as &quot;Americas Best Value Inn' this place was pretty ordinary. You can stay in some nice places in Vegas. I would suggest you pay the extra $10 it might cost you and avoid this one. I travelled all over the US for a month and this was easily the worst place I stayed in. Watch out for the homeless people living in the hotel laundry.	
Jan 8 2005	Fungus in the sink knob poorly lit parking lot	We stayed here on our way to San Diego, and we felt less than safe. There were people in the adjacent parking lot screaming at each other, a man just hanging around in the parking lot, and the room was in bad shape. There was fungus in the sink knob, and parts of the wall had been broken and not repaired.	
Oct 19 2004	Good place for the price	My husband and I stayed at this hotel a few weeks ago when we had to come to Vegas for a funeral. We wanted to stay by the strip to make the vacation the best it could be. The first night we stayed at the Motel 6 right next door, the next night the Rodeway Inn. I have to say I enjoyed the Motel 6 much better if I had to choose. The Rodeway Inn wasn't terrible, the staff were extremely nice, even holding our funeral flowers in the back until our room was ready, but we had requested a non-smoking room with 1 bed and we got 2 beds and a smoking room. When we asked for a change they couldn't give it to us, I was really scared because I am allergic to cigarette smoke but luckly the room only had a faint smell. The bathrooms were dirty, I felt better wearing flip flops in the tubs and I had a misterious itching sensation as I was falling asleep in the bed. For me I personally wouldn't stay there again, I would choose the Motel 6, but dont be to scared if its the only place left to stay!	
Oct 13 2004	Excellent Position - Excellent Price	We stayed at this hotel during the Labor Day Long Weekend September 2004.We had previously stayed here during a Contiki trip back in 2000, and had especially sourced our accommodation here again for this trip.We booked online at a last minute accommodation website, and received the excellent rate of $29 a night, and $129 for the Labor Day Saturday night which we thought was a bit pricy, but understood that rates increase for weekends, especially during holiday periods.We would most defintely stay here again. The hotel is only a 6-8 minute walk to the MGM Grand and the strip. Is close to the Sam Remo hotel and there is a Carrows Restuarant onsite which offers reasonably priced quality meals (although you do have to try one of the Las Vegas Resort/Casino buffets at least once - Excalibur is a favourite for us).Dont expect too much in the way of the comforts of home though. The rooms are pretty plain and smallish, especially if you have 2 double beds like we did, although the bathroom is a good size.The staff are quite friendly, although after reading some of the other reviews here and what we observed whilst we were there, it seems that there are quite a few reservations made through online booking sites which dont seem to register in the Rodeway system. We had no problems though.We found the area quite safe, even at night but we wouldnt wander too much further from the strip than the area we were staying in.This hotels rating is heavily influenced by its excellent proximity to the Strip and the special rate we managed to get online.	
Oct 5 2004	Bargain basement bungalow	This is truly a place to crash and shower for the Las Vegas visitor who spends all his/her time out gambling and partying. Don't expect any luxuries like a hair dryer or a clock radio or even a little courtesy bottle of shampoo or hangars in the coat closet. One thin sheet on the mattress ... the electronic key stopped working the 2nd time I used it ... quite a mold collection around the bathtub. All for only $38 a night, tax included. Glad it was only one night!Quick walk to the San Remo, Tropicana, MGM and NYNY ... get while the gettin's good!	
Sep 27 2004	Great Location But Don't Expect Too Much	Rodeway Motel is located about a block and a half from the Strip, and next to Motel 6-- so look for the Big Motel 6 sign along Tropicana Avenue when you try to find it. It is directly behind Carrows Restaurant. It is very close and on the same side of Tropicana Avenue as the San Remo and the Tropicana Hotel and Casinos. Watch out for the traffic, because a lot of cars travel at highway speeds even though the sidewalks are located very close to the road. The Rodeway staff was very friendly and helpful, but I had a problem checking in when the desk clerk told me that my confirmed reservation from expedia was not confirmed on the Rodeway computer and that the motel was full. After about twenty minutes, the desk clerk found me a room, but advised me to call the motel next time to confirm my room reservation, even if I get an e-mail informing me that I have a confirmed room reservation. I'm just glad I brought the e-mail and my bank statement that proved that I did have a confirmed and already paid for room reservation. The room was very basic, so don't expect too much if you stay there. I found it satisfactory, but barely. It had clean linen, basic furnishings, plenty of hot water, abundant towels and washcloths, toilet paper, and soap, but the owners should seriously think about buying new furniture. The furniture looked like it was installed in the 1970's. Bring your own shampoo, or buy it at Walgreens or CVS on the Strip, because Rodeway doesn't furnish any. The motel is in a safe location, in terms of crime, but watch for speeding cars, and definitely don't jaywalk. The convenience store and restaurant in front of Rodeway are definite pluses. If you want a quality room, go to Bellagio, Caesar's Palace, Mandalay Bay, or the Venetian. If you only want a basic and cheap room to sleep in in a convenient and safe location, the Rodeway Motel will provide it if your expectations aren't too high.	
Sep 18 2004	Pleasantly Surprised!!!	I stayed 2 nights at the Rodeway Inn Sept. 15-17th and was a little nervous on arrival. The outside is not very impressive and there is a certain amount of trailer trash eliment around the area, but the front desk people are very friendly and helpful, I was even upgraded to a Suite (which I highly reccomend you reserve instead) when the clerk had trouble checking me into my reserved room. The suite was very large 1bdrm with full bath, clean sheets and towels everyday plus two t.v.'s a fridge and microwave also provided. There is a 24hr mini mart next door plus Carrows restaurant if you want to avoid long food lines at the Casino's which I did. I would highly recommend to couples or singles looking for a bargain motel in a great location.	
Sep 1 2004	Not Bad at all!!	I was wary of staying here from the reviews Ive seen on tripadvisor, but I took my chances.Its not bad at all, it doesnt look all that great, but it was clean, air conditioners, clean sheets and nice staff. They let me check in at 9 am, which was a huge help and much appreciated. I couldnt beat it for 50.00 a night. When your in vegas how much time do you actually spend in your room, just be sure to bring your own clock/alarm, they dont provide one.	
Aug 23 2004	Decent place awesome price		
Jun 8 2004	Good Location		
Apr 18 2004	Close to the strip basic clean park by your door		
Apr 1 2004	In need of update		
Mar 5 2004	good place to stay		
Feb 26 2004	Alright not so bad		
Jan 5 2004	Good location-Sketchy characters		
Nov 17 2003	HORRIBLE DO NOT STAY HERE		
Jun 10 2003	Very basic lodging		
Feb 25 2002	Great place to stay		
Nov 14 2009	Gutes Hotel mit guter Lage zum Strip		
Aug 11 2009 	Angenehmes Motel		
Jul 30 2009 	günstig und gute Lage zum Strip		
Jul 23 2009 	Urlaubs-Unwürdig		
Jul 19 2009 	??????????????????????		
Oct 29 2008 	Kleine Zimmer aber Preis oho!		
Aug 11 2008	Schreckliche Unterkunft		
Apr 12 2008	motel pas cher		
Mar 13 2008 	Für 2-3 Nächte ok		
Jul 28 2006 	Für einen preiswerten Aufenthalt empfehlenswert		
