Nov 21 2009 	Awful! noisy felt unsafe. Don't confuse with Americana 5 Inn 4244 N. Las Vegas Blvd	The red and blue doors and stairs agains the white building are about the only 'good' (as in cute in a kitsch kind of way) thing about this place. I think my partner, who booked it, must have read the review for the other Americana 5 here on Tripadvisor. As we drove up the road along the side of this motel, the first thing I noticed was that a room in the middle of the second storey was boarded up. Then I noticed that it was because there had been a fire. That did not bode well but I thought 'hey these things happen' and kept an open mind.The room did not smell - unlike other reviewers here. However, it was late November. I don't know what it would be like in the summer. The electrical sockets (outlets) were in holes in the wall that were too big for them (ie there was a dangerous looking gap).The toilet seat and lid were a nasty cheap soft plastic and was torn in several places.There was a microwave and fridge - however:the microwave was on a television wall bracket - so the door could not be opened (not that I intended to use it)the fridge was incredibly noisy. So much so that I had trouble getting to sleep and then it woke me at 4am. It was louder than the road noise - and that was loud!The door had no additional lock and was quite flimsy. Anyone could have broken in quite easily. There was a gap around the door that let in daylight and draught.No breakfast (but I wouldn't have wanted it).Don't stay here. As someone else daid - I'd (almost) rather sleep in the car.Before we arrived, having booked one night via the web, we considered staying an extra night in Vegas. We didn't bother. No wifi.	
Jun 11 2009 	Very Bad	There are &quot;No Refund&quot; signs all over the place. I booked online because it was the cheapest you'll find in Vegas on a weekend. When we got to our room we were slammed by a wall of potpourii. The staff was willing to let us try a different room but of the four we tried they were all overpowering. I had a headache within 5 minutes in the room. Opening a droor revealed an empty condom wrapper, there wasn't a garbage can in the room, it came with one towel. We stayed one night but just forfeited our second night becuase of the &quot;strict no refund policy&quot; and our disgust of the place. I would not recommend going to this hotel but if you still think you want to don't bother reserving it online (it won't fill up) go there and check it out and then go somewhere else...Also the free WIFI wouldn't work (I'm a computer geek so I could have made it work if it was functioning)	
May 25 2009 	Complete dump	Stayed here one night and got about 1 hour of sleep in this dumpy room. The front desk lady was really nice and said the room had just been remodeled. We walked in the room and the horrible smell made us gag. The two chairs had stains of blood all over them. The bed was so uncomfortable and the pillows were black with dirt. The lamp shade had blood splattered on it. My husband pulled off the sheet on the bed and there were blood stains on the bed. It looked as if there was a muder in this room! We had no choice to stay there and slept in our clothes without the pillows. We checked out a 7 a.m. and went to another hotel. Disgusting!	
Oct 22 2008 	Please...........	I have my family with me and have not (ever) been happier with staff or availability. We were allowed to see our room first and when we asked for a back location; they even added a second bed for us without complaint or issue.If you want a hundred dollar or more a night room visit the Wynn. If you want good quality, good value and an overall great experience then stay here.	
Sep 25 2008 	Brand new management -- has potential!	We stayed at the Americana 5 on a previous trip and since we knew the lay of the land and the price was pretty good, we decided to stay there again.This stay was definately better than our last one. The place has a new manager (Rebecca?) and she aims to please. She's all about customer service, cleanliness and safety. The rooms are clean and anyone who doesn't belong around the property is promptly removed. This place has shown definate improvement and the next time we head out to Vegas, we'll stay at the Americana 5 again.	
Jun 13 2008 	Ripped me off	I had extremely bad luck and although I had a reservation at the Tropicana they did not have confirmation when I arrived and I was left driving all over town looking for somewhere that had a room available. When I showed up at Americana they said they did indeed have a rom available so, I said I thought I was going to need 2 nights. They made me pay up front $165 a night. The room was filthy. Not updated and early in the moring when I took my dog outside there was a drunk guy in the bushes with a pit bull that scared the crap out of me. I ended up checking out and they said they could not refund me that they needed to contact their corporate headquarters. I have never gotten a refund to this day. It is sad with the economy like it is that they are ok with taking advantage of people. I would not stay there again even if every place in town was full. I would rather sleep in my car!!	
Apr 8 2008 	Avoid at any cost!	Smelly, dirty and extremely noisy worn-out motel right next to the freeway. We were simply shocked when we entered the room and wanted to cancel the stay immediately. Unfortunately the manager didn't inform us upon sign-in about their &quot;absolutely no refund' clause in the small print of the contract. Beware of this establishment, for over a hundred dollars a night it was most likely our worst stay ever in any motel around the world. And we travel a lot.	
