Nov 24 2009 	Well-worn but a good value	I found this motel via the Barcelona Hotel and Casino web site, not Siegel Suites, though it appears that Siegel Suites (which owns another property nearby) is the owner. It's a good buy for $29 with a coupon for a free breakfast in the associated small (neighborhood scale) casino. The exterior of the motel has seen better days, the furniture was worn, the door was scarred, and the carpet had some stains, but the room was clean and very large (a coffee table, lounge chair, small refrigerator.) The motel appears to rent weekly and monthly as well as nightly (e.g. to people employed in the casino/service industry.) Casino security patrols the motel as well, and was friendly. The neighborhood is a mix of commercial and industrial, working-class rather than tourist-oriented. However, I felt safe walking to the Wal-Mart a couple of blocks away, and there are national-brand chain motels within a couple of blocks, so it's not a bad neighborhood. The Chinese restaurant in the strip mall next door had excellent takeout food.	
Oct 12 2009 	VERY PERSONALBLE	When i arrived at the hotel i was a little skeptical at first, but once checked in the staff was great. They had trouble finding my reservation at first but the manager got involved and it got resolved quicly. Very informative about everything that was happening at the casino. great price for it being a weekend. I will definately be back.	
Sep 9 2009 	never again	was here for 1week,, sevice is no good,,rooms very dirty,, hookers and drug dealers all around,, went in the casino on friday and sunday nite,, entertainment was allful,, gave me a headache,,the manager Rhonda,, was there all nite long drinking with a female bartenter,, like they where best buddies,,lot of foul words at the bar,,what kind of manager drinks all nite long with an employee????the food is great,, if you can get service,,1 sever was very rude to me ,i ask her to take my order, as she was not busy,, just firting with two guys,, she yell at me you will just have to wait, i was very upset and left,, i saw her name tag it was danesse,,i complain to the rhonda ,, and she said well i only here good things about her,,are they related?? because for her to do nothing about it is wrong, no wonder the place has no busiusse,,,1 good thing,, &quot; very good service in the morning&quot;,,and on saturday and sunday afternoon i got great service,,when danasse wasnt there ,, i wont be stay there anymore	
Oct 9 2008 	Great Gotel	Great hotel; great staff; would defintely recommend!	
Oct 30 2007	lived up to expeectations	wasnt sure about this hotel when reading up on it but it was all we needed and more. staff friendly and polite but no real charm.would return here- very handy and conveniently located.	
Jan 3 2007 	Alot of Bang for the Buck	Here is a Great Little Place to stay on a Budget, Definately not the MGM but what can you expext for 220 for 7 days? onsight Restaurant and table gaming, happy hour prices at the bar and inexpensive old fashioned diner cooking that was above expectations, Super Walmart across the street, staffed Security and 2 miles straight down from the freeway. Definately a Great Value for someone on a shoe string budget, My favorite was the all you can eat Spaghetti Feed for 2.95 and the 3.00 Breakfast Specials.	
Jun 14 2005	Stay Away Stay Very Far Away	This has to be the worst place in Las Vegas. We arrived around 3 in the afternoon to check in and after having made our reservation online and having a copies of the confirmation email and web confirmation they could not find our reservation for a queen room. We had requested a downstairs room due to a disability they wanted to put us upstairs. We did win on being downstairs but we did not get the requested queen bed. While there they were having electrical problems and tried to charge us 3 times for a PPV movie we had ordered. The room itself was spartan with just one chair. The only redeeming quality about The Barcelona was the casino bar which had a 3rd rate cover band but very friendly bar keeps. It's a place in Las Vegas we shall never return to.	
