Apr 5 2009 	Yuck!	Yes, the price was very good. But our room had an unpleasant odor (like old fried chicken) and had definitely not been cleaned well - carpets were dirty, old papers left sitting around from previous tenant, and bedding did not smell freshly laundered. Yuck and ewww! As well, the pool and hot tub were filthy disgusting - clearly had not been cleaned in a couple weeks. If we hadn't arrived very late at night with five exhausted children, we would have left and gone to another hotel. This experience has soured us on ESAs, for sure. Very disappointing. The only reason this rating got 2 stars instead of 1 was because the front desk staff were fun and friendly, and after we complained they gave us a $20 refund.	
Mar 17 2009 	Basic and average	Spent one night here because I wanted to be close to the airport to catch a flight the following morning. Very basic and average. Not the cleanest place - there was dried food on the cooktop left from the previous person, and you could tell that they just give everything a once-over while cleaning and don't go too far. Had enough plates &amp; utensils etc for 2 people, all of which was old &amp; mismatched. They do offer wifi at an extra $4.99 per day, which worked sporadically while I was there (they did tell me that it was being worked on that day).Overall it was fine for a place to sleep for one night, but if you're expecting to actually use the kitchenette to make meals, or stay an extended period of time, you might consider a step or two up in hotel class.	
Mar 16 2008 	Its a bed for the night	I had to stay at this hotel because of a specific meeting. It is very basic and has been well used. A guest had let his dog out in the hallway to go to the bathroom and I stepped over several piles on the way to the room. During the weekend, it looked like there was a steady stream of &quot;paid&quot; visitors that came and went.It was ok if you needed a room to sleep in and spent no time in the hotel but otherwise I would not stay here.	
Oct 13 2007 	Great Staff	Great staff, really helpful. Room was compact but really nice. The kitchen was well stocked and the room even had a CD player in it. No problems at all, we will stay again	
Sep 28 2007	Not bad at all...	Like a previous poster, I'm learning to take Internet complaints with a grain of salt. The hotel was nothing fancy, but it was quiet, clean, and friendly. I don't know, maybe someone else got a substandard bed and worn-out sheets; I didn't. I never saw &quot;black mole&quot; in the tub. And the basics of kitchenware were in the cabinet.It's clear from the hotel's Website that regular maid service is not provided, and that new towels are available at the desk. Likewise, a folder in the room informs guests that shampoo, lotion, toothpaste, toothbrushes, and other amenities are readily available at the front desk - and they are.The staff was responsive and friendly. And though it's not a great value for Las Vegas, where so many hotels are subsidized by bad odds on the slots, it's conveniently located a short drive from mid-Strip, without having to deal with huge parking garages and horrendous traffic every time you leave your hotel.It may not be as deluxe as its name, but as long as you understand the policies and limitations of Extended Stay hotels, it's a more than adequate place to set up housekeeping.	
Jul 9 2007 	Better than being on the strip	I am starting to feel like I must take most of these reviews with a grain of salt. I was extremely nervous about our room at the Extended stay in Las Vegas. I assumed I was basically going to be staying at a crack den. Upon our arrival I found coffee still from breakfast, we arrived at 11am. And was able to get a nice hot cup. We found our room easily and even tho the hallway was a little fishy smelling Our room was great.The staff had the AC running so it was nice and cool. The room was clean, the bathroom was clean, and the kitchen was clean. We had stayed the previous night at the Riveria on the strip and I was way more pleased with the Extended stay. None of the nonsense of being on the strip and the cab rides were not over the top. Would stay there again.	
Jun 11 2007 	Few amenities no service basic rooms......choose somewhere else...	I got a decent price for our two nights via Priceline, otherwise we will really have only given this motel 1 star. As an ExtendedStay Deluxe, it SOUNDS like it's got amenities and perks, but it DOESN'T. There are no king beds, and the room that has a queen bed is really a full sized. The flooring (carpet and tile) was very dirty and neither of us wanted to walk on it. My clean socks got filthy walking around on it. The bathtub was dirty and the grout lines on the floor were very dirty. The bed and linens are reminiscent of a Motel 6 -- and definitely on the sad side. While they DO have a kitchenette in the room, there is almost nothing in it to use! We had one cup, one glass, one pot, and a couple of plates. We didn't even have forks! When I called to say we need a cup, glass, and forks, they said &quot;you have to come down and get it, this isn't a full service hotel&quot;. Now THAT'S an understatement. Our room was not serviced the next day so we didn't have fresh towels. I'm sure we could've marched down there again, but chose not to. The maids obviously don't inventory the kitchenettes either. Also, we heard a dog bark down the hall. If this is a concern for you, please note this motel allows pets. They had coffee and bagels available near the lobby, but noone told us at check in. There is a tiny pool, but no shade. Their website and name imply they might be similar to a Residence Inn, but they are nowhere close. It was OK for our two nights and the A/C kind of worked, but considering the lack of amenities (nice bed, pillows, shampoo, forks...), we would not recommend it.	
Jul 28 2004	Good Value/Spacious Suites	You get a large suite fully equipped for not so large of a price. The staff was very accomodating! Looking for a &quot;no slots&quot; cozy place, try the Wellesley.	
Jul 22 2004	Horrible!	I stayed at the Wellesley from 7/11 - 7/16/04.I had to pay for the room for in advance for all days because I booked through Expedia. When I first got there, the room I booked was not available. When I got to my room, there was a horrible stench as soon I walked in. Half the buttons were missing from the phone and my feet were sticking to the carpet, which had black streaks on it. The bathtub had black mole in the corners. The next day I complained and was transferred to another room (although still not what I booked online). This time the smell of the room was not as bad (although there was a distinct smell); however, this room came with its own issues. This time the buttons on the phone were there, but there was no phone service in that room at all. There were gnats everywhere in the room and the sink near the bathroom did not drain properly.This is one of the worst hotel experiences I have ever had. I could have stayed at the Luxor for about the same price but ended up staying here because it was so close to the hospital..... never again!	
Jul 20 2004	Look elsewhere	Go elsewhere - we had reservations to stay there in early January 2004 - we found filthy sheets and bathrooms and a night manager who gave the distinct impression that we were bothering her by asking to be switched to another room. Will NEVER stay there again, nor will our friends.	
Jun 11 2004	Fabulous stay	I stay at the Wellesely every time I am in Vegas, and very much enjoy the accomodations and level of service I receive. My room has everything I need including a refrigerator, microwave, stove top, and an amazing free breakfast in the morning.The people that work there recognize me and always make me feel at home! I recommend the Wellesley 100%!	
Apr 14 2004	NEVER AGAIN	I just got back from 6 days in Las Vegas where I was visiting a hospitalized relative. I found this dismal place on. It sounded very nice and is located near the hospital where I would be going each day. Boy, did I make a mistake! The room was dark, filthy carpet, dingy linens and the worst housekeeping I have ever experienced. I was there for 6 nights and the room was vacuumed only once and the tiny kitchen area never touched! There was a broken beer bottle on the floor by the elevator for 24 hours before anyone cleaned it up and even then they left large glasss pieces behind for anyone to step on! The only reason I stayed the entire time was that I had paid in advance for the room as is the policy of hotels.. Over all this was a major rip off and I will never again stay at this place!	
Sep 18 2008 	gros porteurs américain		
