Nov 10 2009 	Palace Station is the best!	My boyfriend and I spent a week at Palace Station and after reading the mixed reviews were a bit worried. Please do NOT listen to the negative ones though! We have never been treated so well at a hotel and the staff are the friendliest people I have ever met. Yes, they are off-strip, but they have shuttles that will take you there and back 7 or 8 times during the day that are a part of the charge. Yes, there is a resort fee that you have to pay, but when you add it to the cheap price of the rooms, it is still a great bargain. We stayed in the tower and the room was clean, spacious, up to date and really comfortable. The cleaning staff were wonderful and there are restaurants there to suit every taste. Everyone took the time to talk to us and make sure we had everything we needed and really went out of their way to ensure we had a great time. The dealers and croupiers were funny and friendly and the pit bosses were a hoot! Can't wait to go back and we will definitely be going back to Palace Station. If you do go to Vegas, rent a car for at least a day or two and go to see Valley of Fire State Park which is about 30 miles outside of town and costs $6 I think to get in. It was the best part of our trip... absolutely beautiful... the other thing to see is Zion National Park ($25 entry fee).. its a bit further out, but amazing.. just make sure whoever is driving is not a nervous driver!!! Absolutely incredible and we will never do Vegas without a car again! There is so much more than just the strip!	
Oct 31 2009 	Economical and clean	Other than the hidden fees it was pleasurable. I did not use it for gambling. Just needed a place to stay for a couple of days. I did notice the additional fee required by the hotel on hotel.com; but I thought the fee was for just one time..not each day. So that part I was a pissed about. I did stay in the courtyard and was impressed because I was expecting the worst. The bathroom was remodeled nicely (shower head was cute but too low for tall people). The bed was very comfortable and overall the room was clean. Next time I will try the rooms in the tower. The breakfast at Coco's restaurant was very cheap (3.99) and the food was eatable (smile). If you want a nice clean decent place that is inexpensive I would recommend this hotel. Also the staff was very pleasant. And to go to the strip you can use the shuttle (although I didnt). I notice at night the atmosphere outside was pretty quiet and calm. If you want the expense and hustle and bustle then stay on the strip...	
Oct 31 2009 	Great Experience	Our stay at the Palace Station was great. We stayed in the tower and a amazing view right down the strip. All our requests were seen to immediately. Other than the resort fee there were no added charges. We ate at the Breakfast Buffet, Cabo and Coco's. The food was very good. The buffet had just about anything you could want for breakfast, with a made to order egg station. The casino cocktail waitresses came around very frequently and were friendly. The property had a very &quot;safe&quot; feeling to it. The Starbucks in the lobby opened at 6:00am and closed at midnight. The shuttles to the strip and airport were right on time. All in all we had a Great Experience at the Palace Station.	
Oct 27 2009 	Look forward to stays here.....	We just recently spent a week again at the Palace Station. Room comfortable. All we had to do for a coffee pot in room was ask housekeeping and they provided coffee as requested. We stay in the newly remodeled tower rooms and find them very comfortable and affordable. There is a service charge that is added to the room rate, but most sites explain that and what it is for. Sometimes you just don't use all the ammenities that that covers, but so what?In spring we stayed in a Strip hotel and decided to return to the Palace because it is a little quieter for folks in our age group and has a good selection of slots..Several good restaurants and can't beat the buffet breakfast for the price.	
Oct 24 2009 	Nice off-strip hotel but beware of their amenities fee.	This is a second review by me for the Palace Station, as I recently stayed there again and my experience this time around was slightly different from the last. I will start with the pros of the hotel, which are much, the same as in my last report. For starters the staff is very friendly and helpful. Also the free shuttle to and from the airport, as well as the Fashion Show Mall was a nice touch. The eateries I visited including Cocos and Starbucks were good and not over-priced. I also found my tower room to be very clean, as well as having a good view of the middle of the strip (TI, Trump, Wynn, and so on). In addition unlike with many of the strip hotels it does take forever to check-in or locate your room. The cons of the hotel were slightly different from what I reported lasted last year and are as follows. This hotel is not right in middle of the action like at some of the strip properties. Also despite being listed as being upgraded not all of the tower rooms have been upgraded, as was the case with mine. In addition I also had problems with my TV. First and foremost the remote did not work it and not all of the channels listed, as being offered would display. Also on a few occasions I noticed pay-per-view movies showing on my TV despite that the fact I not ordered them. I was not charged for these, so it was not a problem for me, but could be others, as they were adult’s only offerings. This hotel offers free internet, but only when it works. I was only able to get to get it to work on the last night on next morning I was there. Finally this hotel charges all guests a $14.99 per night amenities fee even if you do use them (pool, internet, shuttle, and so on). I got a really low rate for my room, so this fee was not a big deal to me. In conclusion don’t book this hotel if you are looking a property in the middle of the action. Also make sure you figure in the $14.99 per night amenities fee into your rate to determine actual cost. If you are okay with your cost after adding this fee onto your rate then go ahead and book.	
Oct 19 2009 	Beware of extra fees.	When checking into the Hotel we had to pay a extra fee of 16.79 per day for services we would never use. You don't find this out until you check in.	
Oct 15 2009 	Nice BUT............	Recently ( Sept. '09) we stayed for 4 days at this hotel and for the most part found it not too bad. We stayed in the courtyard section in an adequate room for the air and hotel package price. On check in I was advised of an addittional $19.95 +tax per day &quot;RESORT CHARGE&quot; . After some unpleasant discussion I was faced with the choice of accepting the charge or staying elsewhere. We did choose to stay but now the price did not necessarily reflect the service or room provided. We found the Courtyard rooms to quite a hike from the main casino and the particular room we were given was right next to a major vehicle artery and heavy early morning traffic which does not blend well with late nights. I understand all Station Hotels in Las vegas are charging this fee. That being the case it is unlikely they will ever get my return business and I will definately never return to a Courtyard Room at the Palace Station.	
Oct 10 2009 	Nice Hotel = Slot tournament fun	We went to the Palace Station for the slot tournament...it included a 3 night comped room.My mom and I were upgraded to the Towers room, we had rooms across from each other....which was nice, We told them we always share a room, but they insisted we each have our own.The rooms were beautiful as always....very clean,,,nice decor,,,,free paper which is a nice touch. Coffee maker, which my mom loves. I don't understand why they don't get new pillows though. They are like hard little hockey pucks.Ate at the buffet each day, which is a great value....very good food, and service.could stand to change the variety abit more, but can live with it.I did lousy at the tournament, but my mom won 3rd place 1 day, which paid $750.very nice for her.We were there for the drawings on Fri. and Sat. for car and money giveaway. Seems like each time I stay there they are having drawings. This is nice, especially it you win :)but I do wish they would do the drawing in another spot....I get tired of being told to &quot;keep moving, don't block the isle&quot; there is not enough room, and a couple people in charge are always nagging.....clear this isle,,,,move out of this area. Why not just have this drawing in a more convenient spot.Overall, I always enjoy this casino/hotel,,,,nice size,...good assortment of machines....good value for food.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great value Great casino Reasonable prices	My partner and I have been staying here for years. We have always been happy with the location and accomedations. There always seem to be mixed reviews. This is a locals hotel with a friendly staff and great casino play. It may not be the luxury of the strip hotels but we prefer the quiet atmosphere and reasonable prices. There are options for accomedations. The tower rooms are newly remodeled and are similar to any higher priced strip hotel. The courtyard rooms are basic but nice and newly remodeled. The pools and jaccuzis are basic but nice, and stay open until 12am which is nice after a long day. There is a resort fee added on to the price of each night but still is a deal. Buffet is still the best deal in town. Basic selections but satisfying. Casino play is great and very easy to earn points for comps. Guests will have a better experience if they know that there is an additional nightly charge and understand that the courtyard rooms are not the strip luxury but still much cleaner and updated compared to any downtown hotels. I reccomend asking for a courtyard room facing the pool areas. Some outside rooms face a hotel delivery area so the location of the room will give you a better experience. Note that they recently began remodeling some of the dining options, but shows that they are actively upgrading the property. If you want to visit the strip a shuttle is available or a quick 5 min drive to the Sahara and a jump on the monorail will get you to anywhere on the strip you may want to visit.	
Oct 3 2009 	Extra Expense on Staying at this hotel	Online booking at this hotel is misleading. If you have pre-booked your room at this hotel, you think you have paid for everything, but you havent. As soon as you register they tell you that you have to pay a resort fee of $16.99 a day to use the facilities. The Facilities include, the Pool, Internet, The Car Park and other various things that would be included in other hotels. Also Dont Eat at the hotel. No matter which restaraunt at the hotel that you go to, the food is Terrible and WAY over priced. I stayed in a Tower Room which at £27 a night was fairly good value, but that is where the Value ends. Also the hotel is about a mile from the strip. There is a bus that will take you to the strip, but the times are irregular and worse still, walking in Las Vegas is a nightmare due to the heat.	
Sep 28 2009 	Back again--for the umpteenth time--and we still love it.	Our recent trip was just the two of us, but I've stayed here on trips that included our kids, girl vacations with sister-in-law, sister and niece and a girl-boy trip with my two brothers for the Vegas Marathon. While much has changed here since the days when this hotel was the home of the 99-cent margaritas, it's still a great property and very good value.Recent reviews of this property have complained about added charges. When we began staying at this hotel, about 14 years ago, the airport shuttle and one to and from two locations on the strip (at that time, Fashion Show Mall and MGM) were free. During our last stay hotel staff explained that $10 per day in fees were added to the room to cover the shuttle costs to and from the airport and Fashion Show Mall only. I wasn't shocked because on recent trips to Los Angeles we saw similar shuttle charges and on the East Coast some have eliminated weekend airport shuttles altogether. Don't let that be a deterrent. The hotel has the two room types others have described here, known as courtyard rooms and as tower rooms. While both types of the rooms have similar furnishings, the types are different as night and day. Tower rooms have full baths, courtyard have showers only. Look carefully at bed types offered. True there are not refrigerators, but those are hard to come by, in Vegas. Our recent stay was in a tower room where the beds were comfortable and the furnishings and decor very up to date. The bath toiletries were high quality Tarocco products, including the whole line of bath and body items.The restaurants are good and varied. Our faves are the Guadalajara and the Feast buffet restaurant on the second floor. There's also an Irish pub for some live music with your ale. Their loyalty program awards members assorted meal coupons for food and drinks in the restaurants and pub -- collect them from the rewards desk in the casino after check-in.As for the facilities, unlike some reviewers who boast that they don't work out on vacation, I usually use the gym, the pool and often go for an easy run right out of my hotel. The off-strip location allows runners to take advantage and head out into a residential area for an easy 3-miler in the early-morning mild temperatures. I also use either of the hotel two pool areas, one of which includes a warm spa so even in winter, there's a place to go for a little sun. Did I mention the casino? I love this one. And while we always head out to other casinos, we end up back here at the end of each day for play.So though the 99-cent margaritas may be gone, this place is still a good deal among Vegas many hotel options.	
Sep 17 2009 	Do your homework	My partner and I were looking to go to Vegas for spring break and I have read through ALOT of tripadvisor reviews. After waiting till the last min to book we choose Palace Station. I have to admit I was a little scared after reading some of the reviews. We wanted something that was going to be nice but not break the bank (after all who wants to spend all their money on the room and have no money to do anything when you get there). While reading online and looking at pictures I saw that there were two different types of rooms courtyard and tower. We wanted something nice so we picked tower. There is a huge difference in these rooms. If you want Motel 6 then go with the courtyard rooms but if you want better then go with the tower rooms.We did take a cab from the airport which I don't recommend. It was around $25 and we stood in line for about 30 mins waiting our turn to get one. We would have taken the free shuttle provided by the hotel but it was going to be an hr before their next airport pick up. But we did use it to get back to the airport at the end of our stay and it was a comfortable shuttle with a very nice driver. I would recommend taking the third party shuttle service. Yes it stops at other hotels along the way. Judging from the time it took us to get a cab I would rather be inside an air conditioned shuttle riding along the strip than standing outside in the heat holding on to a weeks worth of luggage. If you do take the cab be sure to grab some of the free coupon books they really do come in handy.Back to the hotel review. We arrived at the hotel before check-in but where able to check-in right away. There was no line at all meaning no wait. Are room was three doors down from the elevator and on floor 15 (rm 15007) with views of Red Rock, north strip, and Freemont. As you can see from the pictures our room was wonderful. The only thing I would have liked to have is a frig but that is very hard to come by in Vegas unless you rent a suite. To get around that after getting ready in the morning we would fill up the bathroom sink with ice and put our drinks in there. By the time we would make it back to the room in the afternoon and evening our drinks would be perfect.Hotel staff was very nice and helpful. After getting to the room we tried using the safe and had a little bit of trouble so we called down to the front desk. With in mins security had shown up to help. If your bringing your laptop and want to store it in the safe make sure it’s a 15 inch monitor or smaller. Mine is 17 and it didn't fit so I had to store it in between the mattress. While doing so I found a shocking surprise an adult toy. That is the only problem we had the whole week. We brought it up to the front desk and they removed the whole weeks resort fees ($54.25). Now that’s what I call customer service. For the people that complain about the resort fee stop. If you would do your homework you would see that almost all the hotels have a resort fee. When you do your pricing add in the resort fee and compare. That's what we did. Plus unlike most of the strip hotels you get free internet in your room. Some of the other hotels charge a resort fee of up to $20 a day then up to $15 per 24hrs for internet.We didn't allow housekeeping to clean our room during our stay. But where about to change out dirty towels with the housekeepers in the hall with no problem. We didn't use the pool so I can't really comment on it but yes it’s very small. I didn't really come all the way to Vegas to swim. We also didn't make use of the small gym but I would never workout on vacation. We did eat at four of the restaurants I would have to say subway and the cafe where the best to me personally. If your looking for a hidden gem of a restaurant try Ellis Island located behind Bally's. I got the tip from a fellow tripadvisor and they were so right. Great price, very large servings, and great taste. We ate there twice and both times we could not finish our food they give you so much. But look up Ellis Island on here and get the details. The casino isn't that grand but again I wasn't there to gamble. For the people who are worried about transportation there is a bus stop by the entrance of the parking lot. That bus will take you to the Sahara from there all you have to do is cross the street and grab the Deuce to any hotel along the strip or up to Freemont Street. $7 for 24 hrs I don't think you can go wrong with that. Jump on and off the Deuce as much as you like. The hotel does have a small gift shop style shop in the lobby. For those that are watching their pennies there is a 7/11 next door for snacks and drinks. The General store at the corner of Sahara and the strip is a great place to grab a bottle or two to keep in your room.So all in all we love this hotel and wouldn't bat an eye about returning. If you looking for a great place to rest after a long day of site seeing or long night of partying this is the place. We never had any problems with noise. If you’re a high roller and need all the frills then this isn't your place. Either way do your homework. You can't be mad if you don't get high class service if that isn't what you paid for. This isn't Wynn, Bellagio(etc) but neither are their prices.	
Aug 23 2009 	Wonderful Stay at the Palace Station	I am writing this review a bit late, but I keep reading so many negative things I thought I would share our experience. We stayed in a Tower Room and it was beautiful (flat screen tv, comfortable bed, marble bathroom). Front desk was great and check-in and out was fast. Anything we needed was attended to (we called the front desk at 2 am for more pillows and they brought them right up)! The buffet is decent for breakfast and had a good selection of food (and its only $5 if you use your station card). We also ate at the Oyster Bar (excellent) and the Mexican Restaurant which was also great. Yes, the hotel charges a 14.95 per night fee but we did not think this was bad considering what someof the other hotels charged (call around and you will see). The casino dealers were all friendly and the table limits low. The only negative thing about the Palace Station is that it is far the Strip (cab ride will cost between $7-10). The Hotel does provide a free shuttle to and from the strip but it does not start until afternoon. Upon check out - the hotel comped us for two meals which was an added surprise. I would definately stay here again.	
Aug 21 2009 	Rip Off	The Palace Station has a scam going on and you all need to be aware of their scam. After you have booked your trip and paid all taxes and fees, when you get there they make you pay another $14.95 plus more taxes on what they are calling &quot;Resort Tax&quot; . This resort tax includes things such as using the pool. The pool is the size of a Motel 6's. We paid an additional $50.00 for three nights due to this hidden fees. If we could have gotten a refund we would have left. Another thing to note is that the Palace Station is in the middle of nowhere. It is far away from downtown-Fremont Experience and the Strip. We could have stayed at Excaliber or Luxor for cheaper than the Palace Station end up costing. We tried fighting this but they said we had to pay it. Go...run any where else.	
Aug 17 2009 	This Hotel is Underrated!	For the price, you have to stay in a Tower room. If you have a Courtyard room booked, do not even go look at the room, ask for an upgrade immediately! Our room was fantastic. It was updated, clean and very comfortable. The maid was excellent. The internet connection was excellent. The TV was excellent.The Casino was comfortable. The food at the hotel was affordable and top quality. We enjoyed the drink specials! The cocktail wait staff was quick to check on you while you were gambling. The shuttle to the strip is as convenient as you make it. We took a cab to the strip to fit our schedule. You can expect a cab fare of $10 each way. The cab fare to and from the airport is $25. The Station shuttle to and from the airport is free and is excellent.We will stay at the Station Hotel and Casino again. The affordability compared to the strip is well worth it.	
Aug 15 2009 	Do not stay here unless you want to stay in a motel environment	Be very careful when reserving at the Palace Station. They have hotel rooms and they have courtyard, or motel, rooms. Needless to say, the &quot;motel&quot; rooms are far from anything you would want to stay in unless you do not plan to be in your room at all. Do not believe what is posted on their website - it is at least a mile and a half from any point to which you could pick up the tram or any other transportation.	
Aug 11 2009 	This hotel is absoluetly great. Not too far right price awesome service!! Shuttle service too!	My stay was great. I stayed a full 4 days for a wedding. Everything throughout my vacation was convenient. the rooms are clean the staff are friendly, the casino is good, the location is not too far from the strip. Recommend staying in the tower rather than the courtyard.... They're suites are Beautiful!!! Great View!! =)	
Aug 7 2009 	RIDICULOUS surcharges grout peeling off bathtub. A real shame.	Used to love this place, but no more. The room was shabby, the carpet was worn, the furniture was tired-looking, and the linens were cheap and scratchy a-la Motel 6. They had recently remodeled the bathroom, but hadn't bothered to redo the grout, which was peeling off the tub. There was also mold growing between the tiles.And for all these lovely amenities, you pay the RIDICULOUS (Station Casino) $16.49/night surcharge on top of what you pay to book the room.In my case (staying Sun/Mon/Tues, off-season), it brought the nightly rate to over $50. For that kind of money, I could have gotten us into &quot;M&quot;.....and I'll bet the grout isn't peeling off THEIR tubs.Basically, I booked this hotel based on my experience with them several years ago, which was great, but they've really let the place go, and sorry.....but I can no longer recommend Palace Station to anyone.	
Aug 7 2009 	Unexpectedly Enjoyed	I wasn't expecting much from this hotel - but I really enjoyed my stay. It seemed to be where the locals came when they wanted to gamble and eat. The food was really really good! Really large casino area, tons of restaurants. If I would actually take my kids to vegas, I would feel fine about bringing them here.	
Jul 31 2009 	Cockroaches	My husband and I stayed the week of July 20th, 2009. We went to Vegas for our 37th wedding anniversary...We DID enjoy an excellent dinner in the steakhouse the first evening we were there, our acutual anniversary, and staff brought us a cheesecake slice with a candle. It was lovely. The salmon and steak were truly excellent. The staff in that restaurant were friendly and just great..BUT then, it was all downthill. Our newly remodeled tower suite (and it was a lovely room), had a BIG COCKROACH crawling around in the middle of the room at 11 in the morning broad daylight, the next day. The staff said &quot;It was just a little waterbug. They come in all the time from the pool&quot;. They moved us to a new room and told us we would be &quot;comped&quot; for the room. However,at check out, a surly employee was not helpful . We had spoken with a manger when we switched rooms, Theresa, who has indicated we would be comped for the room. The hotel clerk would not get the manger for us &quot;She was in a meeting&quot;. When we got home, they had charged us for the room on our Visa, (That is ilegal, we did not agree to the charge OR sign for the bill). The coffee shop was horrible service, surley employees...pool was marginal with a lot of dead &quot;waterbugs&quot; . Exercise room was musty. Older hotel in the bag of teh room with economy rooms looks like a slum. Sincerely, I know a cockroach when I see one, and the place is crawling. with them... NEVER will go back. There are SO many nice places in Vegas to stay.., DO NOT STAY HERE!(We managed to have a good time anyway, left the hotel and went to the strip and downtown, other casinos...It was memorable. I have change the name of this place in my mind and our stories to &quot; COCKROACH INN.&quot;	
Jul 27 2009 	Clean Rooms Older Casino	we stayed at the palace station july 20 thru the 23,2009 the rooms were very clean and updated but they charged us for every room cleaning the maids was waiting out in the hall and aske if we wanted our room cleaned i did not know they was chargeing us for everyday room cleaning so the 100$ deposit i had to put up at check in was gone at check out.the casino was very old and out dated the roof in the casino leaked when it rained on monday night and the fire alarms got wet and was going off they had 5 gallon buckets all over the place trying to catch the rain water but the hotel was easy to get in and out and very close to the strip with a great view of the las vegas strip on the 9th fllor we stayed at.	
Jul 20 2009 	We're through with the Palace	We've stayed at the Palace Station quite a few times and actually grew to like it. The place is small enough to feel at home in, easy to get around in and has been good value for the money. Sadly those days are gone and this was most likely our last time staying at this hotel.Unhappy wait staff, excessive fees and an air of depression seem to have taken over this hotel.I booked a room at the Palace for a few nights in their tower section having been here before, there was no surprise there. The rooms are perfectly fine, the bathroom was modern and clean and the bed was fine. When I booked the room, I knew that this hotel was charging a $14.95 daily fee but by the time we checked out, we were told that this 'little' fee had jumped to $16.95 a day. Since this now makes any value of the hotel slide down, why stay here when you can stay on the strip for the same amount of money and no travel time. We decided to eat at the cafe and wouldn't you know it, the hostess decided to walk off her post while there was a line of people waiting to get in. The guy ahead of us finally just walked away in frustration and we were about to do the same when another host came to seat everyone. The same thing happened again at the cafe the next day when the woman serving the take out counter had to also check out customers and we walked away rather than stand and waste our time. We then decided to eat at the Pasta restaurant there since it has always been a good meal. The food was still good but we noticed a few big changes, the meal was now minus the salad but the cost had risen by $3 bucks. If you wanted a salad with that meal, you had to add on another $3 bucks making a $10 meal cost closer to $20...not good. I must say that the only happy wait staff appeared to be in this place...everywhere else people just simply looked unhappy and it really left us with a rather depressed feeling about the place. Decided to top the night off with a starbucks coffee, but wouldn't you know it, the counter person there had disappeared and after waiting to get a cup of coffee, we just walked away again. All in all, this was a poor experience and one that I don't want to have again. From outrageous resort fees to dismal service, the Palace Station is just not in the running now. I would rather spend my hard earned money and precious vacation time, in a place where I feel that I am a valued and desired customer. I recommended this place just 2 years ago to friends thinking about an off strip hotel....I would not recommend it now.	
Jul 7 2009 	The kindness of the employees will bring you back again!!	The economical courtyard rooms are nice for the price. As for the complainers moaning about baggage carrying~ have they tried utilizing the superfriendly and quick baggage department? OR- are those who complain about dragging their bags through two floors of very inexpensive courtyard rooms TOO CHEAP to tip the baggage handler a few bucks to carry them????? The tower rooms are beautiful with marble top tables and countertops and super soft,fluffy beds. The price difference was $20 more per night. As for the smoky smell-do like Philadelphia did and BAN smoking in places serving food and STOP bringing INFANTS into smoky casinos and into 104degree hot tubs there! I have witnessed children and infants in the casino even between the hours of midnight and 5am!!!!!!!!! Palace Station is the only casino I know that if you press the SERVICE button on a slot machine, an employee will come to you and: break large bills, cashout your winnings so you don't have to wait in line, sign you up at the machine for a casino card(boarding pass), and even have brought me quarters for washing machines at home!! They will even teach you how games are played for newcomers! Try that ANYWHERE else in Vegas! You will get told to go to cashier or service desk--if anyone comes to your aid at all!! If you want a honeymoon suite at Palace Station--just ask!! They have them! Suites have their own pool patios! Gorgeous! I wish people would be more knowledgeable about a place before bashing them online! See if you get a second look at say, LUXOR ($169+a night) or New York, New York ($140+a night), Stratosphere ($119+ a night)......need I go on? As for the towel complainer- did she dial #52 on her room phone to ask housekeeping for the towels? NO! She called FRONT DESK=booking agents!! You will always get a smile from a Palace Station employee and a hello! Anywhere else I find, treats you like a walking wad of cash.Rock On, Palace Station! The ONLY hotel in Vegas with pool/spa hours 6am-midnight!!! All other hotels close their pools by 6pm, unless you pay top dollar to party 7-10pm at selected clubs-more$$$if you aren't a guest of that hotel! Just pick up any beige house phone at Palace Station Pools and get drinks/food delivered poolside! Charge it to your room.Don't forget to get a casino host. It's a host's job to make you WANT to return, so they fix any troubles you may encounter and can offer freebies from time to time!!! Just know that Palace Station has a small game room arcade for kids they soon will bore from. There is no babysitting service at Palace Station Casino, but there is at Texas Station. Acroos the street from the back of Palace is a seperate daycare for kids. No lifeguard is on duty at the pools/spas in the courtyard , so it's on you to watch your children!! Other than Adventuredome@ CircusCircus, LasVegas MiniGrandPrix, and some rollercoasters--there's nothing for children here. Most all arcades in town and at other casinos are out of order and leased out by the casinos by a third party-no refunds!!In closing- Palace Station..a locals club less than a mile from everything!! Also, best Margaritas in town at CABO in Palace Station!! Happy hours 4-6pm! Excellent for those who want to have visitors from outside Vegas stay at!! Check out their BONKERS comedy acts Thursdays-Saturdays in the Soundtrax room by the table games! LYAO!!!!	
Jul 3 2009 	Better than expected! But charges darn resort fee upon checkin.	Stayed one Friday night during June 2009. I decided to spend the extra $20 and reserved a Tower Luxury room. Good move! These rooms were remodeled about two years ago as opposed to the rest of the hotel. My room was large, clean, and comfortable. I ordered breakfast room service and used the 25% discount coupon from their coupon book. The general floorplan of the entire property is straight forward and, while this makes the hotel easy to navigate, it lacks any kind of major excitement. The staff were also friendly and seemed glad to be there. These pluses for the hotel still do not make up for the $16.95 resort fee assessed upon check-in. If I had known about this fee I would not have stayed there. My bottom line opinion is that the Palace Station would be my first choice for an off-strip accommodation if it wasn't for their awful resort fee.	
Jul 3 2009 	Less than helpful staff	I found the staff of the Palace Station to not only be unhelpful, but downright rude at times.When questioned as to why a hotel guest doesn't qualify for a rewards card one clerk flat told me that it is assumed that the hotel guest should already know to sign up for one and if he doesn't that's too bad.When I asked a clerk how to get from the hotel to another casino (where I was scheduled to play a tournament) he could provide no answer, saying he didn't have access to that information.One clerk even told me that you get treated better by the hotel if you are simply a guest of the casino who is NOT staying at the hotel.	
Jul 2 2009 	Nice Hotel Off the Strip	I've stayed at the Palace before with a comped room from my uncle and thought it was fine. We stayed this time in the tower on the 6th floor and I was pleasantly surprised with how nice the room was. I forgot to take a picture, but I have to say that the room was decorated better than most hotels. It was dark brown and cream - very modern - and the bathroom was really nice (decorated in all ceramic tile). The happy hour margaritas at the Cabo Bar were excellent (and only $2.99)! The parking garage always had good spots and the rooms were very convenient to access (we had stayed at the MGM last time and it took nearly 10 minutes to get to our rooms from the lobby!). We used one of the pools on the last day and while it was basic, it was clean with ample mesh loungers and towels. I think it's a great deal for a nice hotel.	
Jul 2 2009 	its not the four seasons but if you are looking for a clean room with shower ....	then this is GREAT! at least in the courtyard. since i was a solo traver thats fine for me. im not picky, now if i was with my family i would prob stay at least stayed in the towers or prob on the strip. the room is clean service ie front desk was average location is good ( not too much traffic and still close to downtown and the sahara and the strip value i believe is still great, ( anywhere you stay in vegas i think you will have taxes and fees and convience charges and what nots) i still think its average a nice clean bed working tv and a nice bathroom.. not a four seasons but not a motel 6 eitherpros: room and bathrooms are fine, gift shop, starbucks etc cons : noisey a/c , no view ( but hey i choose the courtyard who needs that when you come to gamble lol)coming back in july, aug and sept	
Jun 26 2009 	Hotel adds a $16/day hotel fee	Booked my room over the internet for a good nightly rate, at least that's what I thought. It's the 2009 economy and I don't have a lot of money to flush away, so I search and search for the best rate before I book. My search came down to one of three hotels with the same price, I booked palace Station. But when I checked in i was told there would be a $16/night service fee, which included things like unlimited internet (if I would have brought a laptop, but didn't because I didn't know about the servive), gym usage (if only I knew about bringing my gym gear), and swimming pool usage. I HATE surprise fees and I think there needs to be a law that this type of &quot;extra&quot; charge be disclosed at time of room purchase over the net. I couldn't just say keep the room, because I already paid for it and there is a penalty if reservation is not kept.The rooms were ok, except for the grub worm on my floor the last night of my stay. The room was VERY dark and my window view was a wall. The hallways to my room were ALWAYS blocked and a real safety hazard the cleaning help didn't seem to care about. Tons of pounding going on and rooms being overhauled or something, seemed like a construction zone. The hallway carpet was VERY nasty, and many room service dinner trays outside of rooms everywhere. No bathtub in the room, just a shower.My room was a &quot;Courtyard&quot; room, and I'll NEVER stay there again!!!! NEVER!!!!!	
Jun 11 2009 	Define "palace"	Prior to this trip, I had been to Vegas twice. However, this would be my first time planning the trip and the hotels. My wife (then girlfriend) and I booked a room at &quot;Palace Station&quot; because it was one of the cheapest hotels we could get for a Friday night and we wanted to save our money to put into a nice hotel for the next night... which would be our wedding night.We paid a little over $60 for the cheapest room we could get at the hotel and booked over &quot;Expedia.com&quot;. Expectations were pretty low but at the same time we were hoping for the best and were excited for our first Vegas trip together when we arrived. When we found the hotel,we were a little disappointed that it wasn't near the strip or even Fremont Street but from the outside, it looked like a Vegas style hotel so were happy. I skipped on the self park and let the valet take care of parking. On to the front desk, where we found a short but very slow line. I remember the front desk not being overly cheerful but just helpful enough. We were given a map to the room and were just a little confused when the directions lead us out of the hotel and casino... and into another building that appeared to be some sort of &quot;Motel 6&quot; or &quot;Super 8&quot;??? That's right, we were put into the infamous &quot;courtyard rooms&quot;. Some people rave about how wonderful these rooms are for the price but let me tell you... these rooms just flat out suck. Okay, so the rooms are updated but the building itself and the caliber of people who stay in it are depressing and almost scary. This was the first lesson we learned about Vegas... NEVER book the lowest priced room on a travel site unless you KNOW FOR SURE there are no motel style buildings at the resort. &quot;Circus Circus&quot; and &quot;Imperial Palace&quot; also have motel style buildings for their guests who book the lowest rate. Anyway, we were fortunate enough to have only booked the one night and we decided to spend all of our time out of the room. We went back to the main building and decided to treat ourselves to one of those fabulous Las Vegas buffets. Unfortunately, we were at &quot;Palace Station&quot;, so it wasn't so much &quot;fabulous&quot; as it was &quot;repulsive&quot;. Yes, that's right, the buffet is absolute garbage and was filled with screaming unsupervised kids running all throughout the restaurant and rowdy middle aged folk who had probably had a few too many cocktails. Maybe it's cheaper if you're a slot club member but we paid about thirty bucks total to feast on the slop they were serving. That was the final straw for the &quot;Palace Station&quot;... we retrieved my car from the valet service and headed to the strip, where we spent the remainder of the evening before returning for some sleep. We woke up and checked out as early as possible and were on to what must be the polar opposite of the &quot;Palace Station&quot;. A wonderful gem called &quot;The Signature&quot;, where we spent our wedding night. However, that will all be addressed in another review.Would I recommend this hotel to a friend? Absolutely not. I know there are lots of people that love this place and perhaps the tower rooms are wonderful and the other restaurants here are just great... Unfortunately, that was not my experience.	
Jun 7 2009 	Very Clean rooms	I stayed at Palace Station for 4 nights to attend a business conference which was paid for by my employer. Palace Station gave a conference rate of $64 for their Tower rooms with a reduced service fee of $4.99 (instead of the normal $14.99.) I checked before I left and saw that the rate showing on their website was $35 for the Tower Room (they obviously took advantage of the Conference attendees giving them the impression they were getting a lower rate, I would have been pretty annoyed if I was paying considering that I could have gotten the Golden Nugget or Paris for cheaper.) Check in was very easy, it was around 5pm on a Sunday and there was no line. I was placed into room 6034 which was on the east-end of the hallway with a view of the Strip.The room was exceptionally clean. The decor was tasteful, the TV was very large and modern, and the shower had nice stone-colored tile. There was no tub and only one sink but that did not bother me as there was a lot of counterspace. There was no shampoo or conditioner in my room but one quick phone call to housekeeping resolved that and I was given a bag full of toiletries. I really liked the citrus smell of the shampoo and soap and the conditioner and lotion helped my hair and skin in the dessert air. Housekeeping did a great job, my room was kept very clean and as I passed a room being serviced I could hear the sound of vigarous scrubbing, they obviously do more than just replace towels and soap. I am a frequent visiter to Las Vegas and have always stayed on the strip. Although the Palace Station Casino, restaurants, and lobby area can't compare to a strip hotel in terms of impressiveness, the rooms themselves are as good as or even better than many of the mid-range strip hotels. Unfortunately with the resort fee, the price can be almost as much as many of the downtown and chepaer strip hotels. The hotel provides a free shuttle to and from the Airport and to the Fashion Show Mall. This is thanks to that $14.99 fee. The shuttles seemed to be on time and the drivers were pleasant.  I only ate at the hotel twice, once at Starbucks, which is as good as any other Starbucks (and the employees were very friendly) and once at the Grand Cafe. The food and service at Grand Cafe were acceptable and as good as most any other hotel cafes. Overall I enjoyed my stay and in any other city I would say that the hotel was well worth the $69 paid, but in Las Vegas where hotels like Golden Nugget, Paris, and Mirage are offering rooms for less I can't say it was a bargain. I stayed at Mandalay Bay the night after leaving Palace Stattion for the same rate and it was far nicer. Palace Station might be a good option for someone wanting a clean room and is staying on a weekend or a busy time when the strip rates are exceptionally high or for someone who has a rental car and wants to avoid strip traffic.	
Jun 6 2009 	Not bad for the price	We spent 3 nights in a tower room. The rooms are clean, decent, nothing fancy, but nothing wrong with them. The staff was friendly, helpful. The restaurants are nice, not too expensive (except the oyster bar, that's a bit pricey) They did charge a 16.95 service fee, but gave us credit for it on the bill. Friends who have stayed there before told us they always credit it back on the bill when they check out. It's not fancy like the big hotel/casinos on the strip, but you aren't paying those prices, either. It's a good value for the money, and the strip is only a few minutes away. I would definitely go back again.	
Jun 6 2009 	Do not stay at this Hotel it is a scam bad rooms bad service	This hotel is a scam with hidden fees and a large deposites, I would never stay at this dump again. The people at the front desk scam you with a smile of there face. The crowd makes you feel uncomfortable and it takes a hour to walk to the strip or 20 bucks by cab. Dont look for the Duce it does not have a stop near. You have been warn do not stay at this place ever.	
Jun 5 2009 	RIP OFF...hidden service fee	So I reserve 4 nits. Total of 174. We get to the hotel, all of sudden 69 is charged from service fees. That was not included in the reservation I made online. So we're like whatever, will stay. We get our room and our room in NOT even in the hotel. Is in the courtyard. The Frame of the window and walls had mildew growing on it. Sheets smelled like sweat. Sticky remote control, smelly (mildew) bathroom. Just horrible.	
May 30 2009 	To far from the strip	Have stayed at a number of hotels in vegas over my years of visiting. Stayed 2 nights in this hotel, i wont stay again as to far from strip. I knew when i booked but got cheap rate for a weekend, then had to pay $16 day for services, (got access to internet) not worth it. Rooms clean and comfortable, with 2 beds. Not a high standard hotel	
May 26 2009 	RIPPED-OFF with "Service Fee!" STAY AWAY!	WARNING! I did a web search and booked three days and two nights at the Palace Station. The deal was for $36 per night for a single bed in the Garden room. Upon check-in, the desk clerk charged me $16 per day &quot;service charge.&quot; Here is what the $16 fee provided me with: 1. Shuttle to the Las Vegas Strip (What? I have my own car!); 2. Airport Shuttle Transportation (What? I drove, not flew, to Las Vegas!); 3. Pool Access (I didn't use.); 4. High-Speed Wireless Internet in Every Room (I don't have a laptop.); Unlimited Local and Domestic Long Distance Calls (Excuse me, but, I have my own cell phone!); Gym Access ( I didn't use); Complimentary Copy and Fax Services (I had nothing to FAX!); On-Site Notary (For what? I'm on a [--] vacation!).I am well aware that the Station Casinos are in financial distress with the current economic recession, but, taking advantage of their hotel guests will only drive repeat customers away. I can't think of any other hotels in Las Vegas that play this type of billing shenanigans that I am aware of. I for one no longer plan to visit or stay there!	
May 15 2009 	Maybe not for everyone but i love it!!	The only knock for me is no in room coffee but you can order a pot from room service. It arrives quick and hot as does their breakfasts.. The 10 dollar 'Combo Breakfast' (room service) is delicious, cooked as ordered and arrives in a flash. The rooms are small and I cant speak for the other areas but the Courtyard rooms are dark like i like it. You can nap anytime-the curtains black out 95% of the light.. It also is very quiet. The room doors meet the floor unlike The Mirage for example where you can almost slide under the door if you forgot your key. The room doors also close QUIETLY- You cant slam them like so many other hotels'The Internet is blazzing fast and has not gone down once in the 6 days im here. My room is located the farthest from the Registration area possible and the WI-FI shows &quot;Excellent&quot; at all times. The Palace Station has the best Internet Service I have experiienced anywhere and I am in Hotels more than 40 days a year and usually 3 Stars or better.There is a carpet in the whole place that is ugly and dirty looking but really it's just a bad design. If they put in new carpet this place would really improve by about 2 Stars for the average family im sure.There is plenty of free parking, both indoor and out. I love this place and i will definitely return. I love this place!	
May 11 2009 	"Hidden Fees" ... sorta. Cheap rooms... maybe?	Mixed feelings about this property. By no means am I one of these picky travelers that thinks anything less than the Belagio is &quot;slumming it.&quot; (Heck, I've never even stayed at the Belagio before!!)I got a wonderful deal through price |ine for a Sunday night stay (27.00 w/ tax). But there is the &quot;mandatory resort fee,&quot; which includes use of the pool, free airport shuttle, blah blah blah. By time I got dinged with the fees, it wasn't such a hot deal anymore. I could've stayed somewhere else and got a nicer room. The room... yeah, let's talk about that. This is obviously their low-budget travelers quarters. You have to walk outside from the hotel lobby into a separate building. Dingy corridors, squeaky stairs (sorry, no elevators!!!), and a few flickering lights here and there. Still... not terribly bad. I didn't feel &quot;unsafe&quot; or anything. But when I got to the room and opened the door and I was like &quot;OH MY GOD... WHO FORGOT TO FLUSH?!?&quot; There was this incredibly foul odor coming from the bathroom (I guess the drain was backed up? The toilet was empty and everything was clean.) Normally I would have requested another room, but I was exhausted from a 5+ hour drive and having had very little sleep. I cranked up the A/C on high and closed the bathroom door. The bed was comfortable enough, but the sheets had a few little mystery stains (they had been washed), but the pillows were brand new. Was this the worst experience I've ever had at a hotel? Mmm... no, not really. Was it the best? Definitely not!The staff was friendly and helpful (what little interaction I had with them during check in/out). And they even threw in a pack (box?) of those premium M&amp;M's and a &quot;welcome kit&quot; at checkin. (OOHHHH!!! FREEBIES!!!)All things considered, make sure to read the fine print when you book here so you're not caught off guard. Yes, you WILL be charged a 16.95 resort fee for each day you're staying, regardless of whether or not you're using the pool or &quot;free&quot; shuttle. Scandal? Nah... That's sort of like American Airlines, JetBlue, Delta, etc. charging a &quot;Fuel Surcharge.&quot; It's just another way for them to offer a &quot;cheap up front price&quot; and then add on their little hidden fees at the end to help make their profit margins. Deal with it or take your business somewhere else. It is what it is! :)	
May 5 2009 	I don't plan on returning.	I was in Vegas for work, so I didn't get to choose my accomodations. Normally, I stay at Wynn, Bellagio or Venetian, so I knew I was in for an adventure, at the very least. If your priority is cost for the room ONLY, then this might be the place for you. The advertised rate is lower than the actual fee you end up paying. The hotel adds on service fees and and taxes which raises the price more than $20 additional dollars per night. Even at the business rate of $39 per night, this place was not worth it! It is the SMOKIEST casino I have ever been in. Although I had a non-smoking room, the whole placed smelled like a dirty ashtray. A few good things: the rooms were surprisingly clean looking, and looked as if they had been recently updated. (I stayed in the Tower rooms at other reviewer's advice.) There was a flat screen television and a decent sized bathroom with hairdryer.There are limited options for eating. There is a Starbucks downstairs, but it only serves muffins and breads. The gym is tiny and minimal - same goes for the pools. The median age there was approximately 55 years old. Not a very lively or hip crowd, but the hotel does not advertise itself as such. There is a bar, but no dance club of any sort. A cab ride to the Wynn on the strip was about $11 before tip. I left Palace Station whenever I could, but after sleeping there for a few nights, I developed a &quot;smoker's cough&quot;. Yuck. Overall, if you are looking for a really cheap room that is relatively clean, somewhat updated, and you aren't bothered by smoke or being off the strip, then you might consider staying here. I'm sure there are worse places to stay, but I don't plan on returning.	
Apr 27 2009 	You get what you pay for...	We were treated very poorly. I don't think the employees have ever heard of customer service. I would gladly pay more for a nicer hotel with a nicer staff - so we checked out early and stayed elsewhere! I will never stay there again and I hope anyone who does gets treated better.	
Apr 23 2009 	Dishonest shady business disappointed with their 100% shady additional charge	[--]Nobody likes to be robbed and kidnapped by involuntary hidden fee, but unfortunately I ran into a situation with Palace Station Hotel in Las Vegas. I had made a reservation with Palace Station via JetBlue for $68/two nights. After, I checked out and got back to California I found Palace station billed me an unexpected service fee for $32.68 on my credit card bill. I expressed my concern and disappointment with their Front Desk manager; she told me that it is mandatory additional service fee that applied to customer and every single victim have to pay that (she told me with an arrogant and firm tone). She also claimed that she was not responsible for any Web site agencies if any of them never gave me or any others victims in advance notice on this shady hidden charged. Frankly, I cannot agree with her claim. First, I asked for a receipt with their front desk personnel when I check out, but he told me that I am all set. Receipt will be acquired from my Web site agency. Unfortunately, Palace Station billed me after I got back to California and I had been billed without any notice. Therefore, it is totally involuntary. Second, I don’t believe Palace Station Hotel deserve any illegal right to involuntary bill any of their customer. Third, she never asked me which agency where I made my reservation. That’s reflected she doesn’t care about customer’s satisfaction with an expensive additional service fee. Personally, I suspicious for their intention on quality control in billing. If they meant to be a faithful and trustworthy business why they won’t don’t even bother to ask where I made my reservation in hopes to correct any mistake in future. Personally, I hope such kind of shady hidden charged is not a set up toentrap any misfortunate victim. My finial question is if Palace Station Hotel believed that they deserve or worth for an additional $16.32/night, why they never mark their additional charge clearly included on their listed price, please answer me if you have a clue.	
Apr 13 2009	Hidden Fees at Palace Station - Stay Away!	The booking price for the Palace Station hotel is misleading. The hotel charges $16 a day for a pool fee at the front desk, even if you don't use it. In spite of arriving at 8:30pm, the front desk refused to waive the pool fee for even that day.On the last day of a four night stay, I again asked for a partial credit since we never used the pool. They refused and the curt reply was, &quot;Look at this way, today we are raising the pool fee.&quot; That means that with over a thousand rooms, the hotel is raking in $16,000 a day to maintain a pool that is used by only a few guests.The other problem was the greatly reduced shuttle service to the strip. On my first visit three years ago, the shuttle to the strip was hourly and stopped at the northern (Fashion Mall) and southern end (Tropicana) of the strip.Today, the shuttle starts service late in the afternoon at 4pm. Because the hotel is so far away from the strip, there is nothing to see except the busy roadway. It costs about $17 in taxi fare to get to the strip each way.The hotel is a bad deal. Very unhappy and will not be staying there again.	
Apr 12 2009 	Hidden gem.	We recently stayed at the Palace Station for the first time, and we were pleasantly surprised how nice it was. Our room was spacious, clean, and had updated furnishings. The hotel's casino is moderately sized (for a Vegas casino), was clean, and had a good variety of machines. We had an excellent breakfast in their restaurant, and the wait staff was friendly. We would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 11 2009 	Favorable Stay	Initially, I was slightly disappointed in the location because it was far from the strip. So, if this is your first trip to Las Vegas, I would recommend staying on the strip instead.Hotel check-in time is 3:00PM, and they adhere to this policy, if you plan to arrive prior to this time, arrange for an EARLY check-in time. We took advantage of the fitness center, since it was part of the &quot;Resort Fee&quot;. I was pleasantly surprised to find the facility with a good variety of equipment, in working order, small but never overcrowded and clean. There are 2 outdoor pools, only the &quot;North Pool&quot; is heated, more conducive for children. I enjoyed the &quot;South Pool&quot; area because it was quiet.There are several food options. We ate at the Feast Buffet for breakfast, reasonable price for Las Vegas, also if you sign up for a casino &quot;Boarding Pass&quot; you can save additional money at the buffet. However, on Saturday morning the price does go up, because they consider it Brunch, even at 7:00 am. The Pasta Palace has nice ambience, but our choice in entrees were mediocre. The best bet was Cabo Mexican restaurant for Happy hour, special prices on both food and liquor in the bar. A complimentary basket of chips with 2 sauces, bean dip, and a delicious guacamole that is made fresh!!	
Mar 28 2009 	Good place to stay but not a great location	Great place to stay, but the location is a downside as its located off the Strip and the free shuttle service doesnt start running until 4pm. The rooms are clean and tidy. Dont eat here if you can as there isnt much choice and not great value for money- the breakfast buffet looked a little tired and the choice of healthy options was limited.	
Mar 27 2009 	Inexpensive but good overall	Stayed here for FREE with my parents to attend a funeral in town, so for the price, this place is a gem. I have to say, the rooms are nicely decorated and I barely heard any outside noise so if you just want a comfortable place to sleep, this is defintely it.My major complaint was that the room just seemed dirty. The comforter on my bed had white stains on it (ewww) and the bathroom floor was filthy. Lots of mildew in the shower and dust behind the toilet. The sink could have used some help too as it gurgled and belched everytime you turned the faucet off! The towels were also VERY thin and two of the ones I picked up had what appeared to be blood stains on them. The room just had an overall sense of not being cleaned very well on a regular basis. The bed was very comfortable though and the amenities were nice enough, but I just prefer to be on the strip, or at least at a hotel that cleans a little better. Next time, I would pay to stay at the South Point or Treasure Island as I have always found their cleanliness to be above par.Also, we went to the 24 hr cafe and after we were seated we waited 15 minutes before finally walking out because no one ever came to even take our drink order!Minor stuff, but not on par with a 4-5 star hotel by any means.	
Mar 19 2009 	We hate hidden chargesit is not cheapCourtyard rooms very noisy with traffic 	My husband &amp; I have stayed in this Hotel quite a few times &amp; always been pleased - basic but clean &amp; comfortable, but not anymore, we could hear traffic nearly all night outside of our room, it is employees as well as guests, &amp; in the hallway outside the room was very noisy too with guests coming &amp; going ALL the time. Everywhere you walk in the Hotel was smokey....The hidden tax of $10.50 per night is not apparant until you leave!!!!	
Mar 18 2009 	Not Like it Used to Be!	In the old days the slots were loose and the prices were way cheap. Although the room prices are fair, the room we stayed it was tiny and needed updating in the Garden section. We went to Jacks Pub where it really needs a new management sytle. At least a couple of folks walked in and then walked out because they didn't get their drinks fast enough. And what's up with waiting 2 hours for a bowl of gumbo.? My husband waited and brought it back to the room where granted, it was delicious but look, if the line is THAT long why need bring in a few extra chefs? If you are going to the Convention Center or the Sands Expo, do bring a car or rent one because this is an out of the way location.	
Mar 16 2009 	Great Stay for the Money$$$$_But calculate xtra $10.50/day 4 Courtyard Rm	We stayed for a weekend at the Palace Station 3/13 and 14th. We got an xlnt deal of $33.00 per night for the courtyard room. As we read here in previous posts we were hit up at check in for an extra $10.50 per day for some pool/spa fee which is pretty silly and should be advertised in the overall price. Since we arrived late I got them to cut the price in half and I would recommend trying to argue to have it removed altogether if possible. We originally booked a king but all they had left were two full sizes which at 12:30am didn't matter to us and they would switch our room Sat. to a King. The room was clean and nothing fancy and the shower head was actually quite nice. We then moved to our king but when we got to the room it hadn't been cleaned!!!! I was pretty ticked off and called down to the front desk. They apologized and immediately upgraded us to a suite, which was nice and the right thing to do. The suite was very nice, clean and had a full bath. All and all and for the price I give the Palace AAA+++.	
Mar 13 2009 	Just needed place to stay for night ended up loving Palace Station!	I was coming back into Vegas after vacationing there the week before and heading out to Utah. I had a flight the next morning and just needed a basic place to stay and relax for the night. I looked on several hotel sites and couldn't resist booking Palace Station for under $20. I was aware of a $10.85 amenities fee which included the use of the pools, fitness facility and high speed internet. I was okay with that because I did want to work out and use the internet, which would have cost me double or triple that amount in other hotels. I booked a courtyard room which was not a part of the towers. They require a little walking to get to. I didn't expect much but I felt the room far exceeded my expectations. In the entryway of the room is about an 8 foot section of tile. This is an area to keep bags if you would like. Off to the right is the bathroom. The bathroom is of average size, with a shower only. The showerhead was one of those really large rainfall type deals which was really pleasant for me. The bed was comfortable. The TV was a flatscreen, not the wall mountable type, but large and with a quality picture nonetheless. My room overlooked one of the pool areas. My room was on the second floor, and since I had a lot of stuff and there was no elevator in the courtyard rooms I asked a bellman for help. He carried all of my stuff, had straps going every way possible in order to carry everything. He was such a nice guy. Infact everyone at the property was extremely nice. I had a coupon for 25% off room service so I gave it a try. Room service prices were surprisingly high for this property. The food was just average and it took a while to get, so I can't suggest ordering room service. Overall the rooms were nice and clean and just what I needed for the night. I was so impressed with the property that I plan to stay there on my next trip. Their rewards program for gambling is very generous, so I would like to mostly play there in the future. This property is off the strip, so it is not an ideal destination for those without cars or those experiencing Vegas for the first time. The shuttle they used to provide for free to the strip apparently costs $5 each way. This just happened to be ideal for me because I had a rental car and am a frequent visitor.	
Mar 1 2009 	Awesome	We had decided to come here after we had a bad experience with the Sahara westwood hotel. Sick. Anyway- we decided to stay here, the hotel employees were great, the service was great, I reserved on the phone and when we got there they actually had my name in the computer. It was great. We got settled in right away. The room was smaller than we expected, but the beds were GREAT. The TV was awesome. The bathroom was beautiful! The downer was it was just a shower, but it was an AWESOME shower. No complaints. It was a great stay, check out was easy and the hotel was just great to be in. The only down falls, I should have paid more attention to the previous comments that they do charge a $ 10.95 for internet and other charges, wish I would have remembered that because we got charged. But, still. We also parked in the under ground parking very early the next morning because we met other colleagues there. We got there very early and didn't get back from work until about 8:00 pm when my husband's car had had a hit and run on it. I found out while we were checking in, the hotel was very nice and got the security out there to do what they needed to do. The only down fall is that my husbands car was hit and there were no cameras in this parking garage. It was frustrating and stupid. Dishonest people out there make me sick. Anyway- other than that, everything was GREAT. Great place to stay. Would recommend it to anyone, just remember the 10.95 charge and ask them about it at check in.	
Mar 1 2009 	First time to Vegas..	Upon arrival in Las Vegas we were greeted with an awesome tour guide/shuttle driver. Fast service and very kind.. we arrived at the palace station with intentions of an average hotel. The loby was beautiful and the tower rooms were perfect. I dont recommend the courtrooms for a number of reasons.. one being the no elevators!!!! being girls and packing lots..that wasnt a good thing...The housekeepers start cleaning at 9am! the halls and walls must be paper thin because 4 housekeepers are on the same floor at once and they yell and talk sooo LOUD!.. we werent impressed! being 22 and never been to vegas.. when you party all night .. and morning thats the last thing we wanted. They ended up over charging us on the deposit.. which took 9 DAYS!!! to be refunded... when asked about this.. the hotel staff was so uncertain and could do nothing until 'canada had fixed the problem with my visa' problem wouldnt have happened if staff was a little more qualified. Food was great!!.. beautiful pools and hot tubs!!!overall it was an average hotel and great for the price...	
Feb 23 2009 	For the price its great	Stayed here for 2 nights, its off the strip but there is a suttle bus that runs every 40 mins.it has a few pools, that are very small, but the $6.99 buffet is great as long as your not a picky eater.Has a subway, a chinese, an irish pub, and mexican.I would definately stay here again.	
Feb 4 2009 	Buffet was Awful	thankfully we did not stay at this hotel....we were passing through from the monorail and saw a sign for what appeared to be a good deal on the lunch buffet......OMG.....this place was disgusting. There was nothing...I mean nothing edible on this buffet. I know that it was inexpensive and I did not expect the rio seafood extravaganza...but this was AWFUL!	
Feb 1 2009 	Watch out for hidden fees!	The hotel itself was fine for what we needed (a cheap place to stay while picking up relatives at the airport) but once I saw the extra charges on my credit card bill, I was very unhappy. I contacted the hotel about the extra charge of $10.85 per night and was told I signed an agreement at check in that I would be charged the extra amount for hotel extras (shuttle, internet, etc...none of which i used). We were ACTUALLY told at check-in that the paper we were singing was for extras such as room service, calls, etc that all hotels charge extra for IF USED. I have stayed at this hotel many times in the past, and was never charged this &quot;fee&quot;. UNDERSTAND EXACTLY WHAT YOU'RE SIGNING AND DO WATCH YOUR CREDIT CARD BILL IF YOU DECIDE TO STAY THERE!	
Jan 19 2009 	Tournament	I went to Vegas for a tournament. I stayed at the Palace Station. I hated it. I stayed in a Garden Room which was gross and dirty. Never again!!! The rooms are also very small. I think you can get more for your money somewhere else. The only reason I am rating this hotel at 2 stars is because I enjoyed the Bingo room.	
Jan 11 2009 	It was a good hotel.	We originally booked the garden room. It was terrible. It smelled of smoke, it was the most disgusting hotel room I had ever been in. We then upgraded to one of the tower rooms for $20 a night. It was soooo worth the extra money to have a very nice room. The tower rooms have flat screen tvs and are very nicely decorated and don't smell like an ashtray.	
Dec 30 2008 	worst place to stay in vergas	This was by far the worst place I have stayed in las vegas. First the room rates are just a gimmik to get you to the hotel once there you will bw billed with a 150 dallar deposit and a 23 dollar a nite service fee for amenities that the hotel should and others do cover, also there is a 53 dollar fe for what they did not explain. Now the hotel itself rooms look like they were built in the 80's with wall paper falling off the walls. Everywhere in the casino was driping from the roof which I do not think had ever been redone. Some of the staff is helpfull if you are paying for thier service but even then the hotel staff that you are paying the most to are not. There are no amentities other than an ironing board and a wieght lifting room and if you call what they have for a pool a pool then you have not swam alot. this is the worst place to stay just off the strip.	
Dec 28 2008 	well priced hotel	check in was friendly and efficient , room as spacious and clean with a massive flat screen television and nice bathroom with walk in shower and nice views of vegasI had i drink in Jacks Pub , be aware that nevada is a smoking state , so if you are a non smoker you just have to tolerate it !.Breakfast was at the Grand Cafe , service a bit slow bearing in mind i was there at 6am and it was not busy but when the food came the waitress was cheery , The nice thing about the hotel/casino is the mix of people you see here all trying to have a good time without loosing too much money, the hotel is not by the srtip but there is a shuttle( not free) to the srtip and local shops across the road . I wuold definately stay there again ,their prices are very affordable and reasonable !	
Dec 17 2008 	Affortable Price	Room is clean, except the showerhead they installed is too low of the room we reserved, which not good for the taller tourists. The price of buffet is very affortable.	
Dec 3 2008 	a lovely experience	At the rock bottom price we paid we were expecting a less than average visit. What a nice surprise! The hotel (tower!!) was immaculate and our room was beautiful with a wonderful view. The bathrooms were clean, amenities ample and all was nothing less than perfect. We were only there overnight so proximity to the Strip was not relevant. I suppose for some that could be an issue. We especially enjoyed the free shuttle to and from the airport since Vegas cabs tend to gouge and it would have easily cost us an extra $40. to do this by cab. Eating at the hotel was excellent. Our dinner was at the Pasta Palace for which we had a $12. coupon supplied by the hotel. Food and service were excellent. Atmosphere extremely pleasant. Breakfast was at the buffet for $5.99. Fresh made to order omelets and lots and lots of other stuff. All very delecious. One small quibble: the breads were lackluster and the toaster was practically inoperable. Four passes with an English muffin still left it untoasted. Overall we would highly recommend the Palace Station.	
Nov 30 2008 	Needs to improve	My mom booked this hotel for my 21st birthday getaway. I was excited to arrive in Vegas and see what kind of hotel she had booked for us. When I walked in I was surprise to see what kind of hotel it was. We had rooms in the towers &amp; were excited to see if there were to be like the photos. As we were waiting to check in I wondered the lobby a bit. Not one employee said hello or asked if I needed help with anything. I went back to the front desk to see why it was taking so long to get our rooms. I guess some how or another they overbooked the rooms. So the only rooms available were the &quot;high rollers&quot; rooms. I got to stay in a regular room in the tower and my mom ended up taking the &quot;high rollers&quot; room. When we got to her room both of us were not impressed. The room looked exactly like my room. The only difference it was on a different floor. Seriously I was expecting more!!! After settling in we wanted to grab food. We went to the resturant and there was not one person that greeted us. We sat down at a near by table &amp; the waitress took one look at us and said, &quot;You can't sit here. You need to leave&quot; We were stunned! So we left &amp; just went about our day. The only thing I liked was the shuttle bus that took us down the strip. The driver was extremely helpful with me &amp; my daughter getting on and off the bus.	
Nov 19 2008 	Never will stay in courtyard rooms	I am in total agreement with all of the bad reviews that the courtyard rooms are just plain horrible! We booked our rooms via Expedia and the pictures were ok. I am use to staying at the Palazzo or Wynn, but decided to do something a little more budget friendly with the economy in the state that it is. Well I will stay home next time before I spend one night in the courtyard rooms at the Palace Station. The hotel itself was fine. We ate at the buffet and it was ok. I really enjoyed it actually and it was a bargain. The Grand cafe is open 24 hrs a day was not bad at all. The gambling was ok as well. The location of the hotel was great for us. We rented a car and drove to Vegas. I havent driven to Vegas in 15 years. So it was nice to have a car to get around. You can park at all the casinos for free. Actually cheaper than taking taxis every where. The hotel is located just off the HWY 15 on Sahara Blvd. It is two minutes from the strip by car. If I ever stay at Palace Station again it will be in one of the tower rooms most certainly not a courtyard room.	
Nov 18 2008 	be careful in the showers	Palace is your average budget motel with some upgrades. I have stayed at this hotel over and over in the past 20 years. The courtyard rooms are reminiscent of a old motor hotel, but are very cheap and smell like mildew. If you stay at Palace Station, stay in the Tower at all costs. The recent renovation left the rooms clean, but lacking comfortable chairs; the ones they just bought have seats 8 inches off the floor and have such high arms I couldn't put my arms down! The shower is clean and new but lacks anything to hold on to. No towel racks, no grab bars and has a slippery sloping bathtub floor to balance on. Lawsuit just waiting to happen. Who did this and why aren't they fired? Not for old folks to be sure. But the food is good, the gambling OK and the staff is wonderful. May not go back because of the shower situation; in fact, I know I won't.	
Nov 4 2008 	Hated the Courtyard rooms	We were tricked while booking the Courtyard rooms as there was no picture and was cheaper.The place is like a cheap drunkard hotel.It is a separate building from the main one and at the back so no one will know.It stinks the rooms are shabby and felt like we were in a homeless shelter.Don't ever book a courtyard room and the management wanted to charge a hefty amount to upgrade us to the tower room.We left the next day and went to a different hotel far far better and at the same price.	
Oct 31 2008 	Palace Station Revisited	I was a bit let down with my stay this time around. The main reason for this was the major curtailment of the Shuttle Service to the strip(Fashion Show Mall) Firstly there is no morning departures the first is at Mid-day and they are charging $5 one way for the service which I think is a bit of a rip off when you can travel on the DEUCE for $5 all day. The room was however excellent and the service provided at the hotel were good, for eating my favourite place was the Grand Cafe. To get around I used the Deuce service there are 2 stops right outside the hotel and the bus number is 204 and get off at the Sahara Hotel and walk across the strip to the Deuce stop, I would recommend that when you recieve your Deuce ticket that you have the word PREMIUM printed on it. One good thing however is that the hotel still provides a free shuttle to and from the airport.	
Oct 24 2008 	Love this hotel	We stayed here 24 Dec 07 - 06 Jan 08. This was our 3rd visit to this hotel. Cannot fault. We have stayed at several of the hotels both on &amp; off the strip including: Best western Mardi Gras,The Luxor, The Bellagio &amp; the Mgm grand [2]. This hotel has everything you could need &amp; is always nice returning. Our favourite place to eat was definately Changs, It's the best &amp; they sell Coca Cola!! Also Starbucks which i spend most of my spending money in! I had to grab a Vanilla Latte every time i passed. We stay in the tower rooms, This visit we got upgraded to a suite, Nice!! The Shuttle bus is great, Regular &amp; with lovely friendly drivers. The bus is always on time! It drops you at the Fashion Show mall or the Tropicana hotel. I would give this hotel a 10/10. The staff are friendly &amp; welcoming &amp; i can't wait to return.	
Oct 16 2008 	value for money	good value for money hotel with good service and cleanliness although you are quite a long way from the main part of the strip and if there are only 2 of you this may be costing you a minimum of $20s a night for a return trip to see other attractions on the strip.Buffet good for the price but please be aware of the $5.40 a day per room service charge you have to pay when checking out and that this hotel is close to a very busy freeway which takes ages to cross if you decide to walk to the strip 1 day.	
Oct 11 2008 	something different	Just your average out of the way local casino, with all of the staff very polite and pleasant. Works for me. Won at the tables too. Shuttles to the strip. Thanks Palace Station.	
Oct 6 2008 	Palace Station Satisfies !	I recently stayed at the Palace Station, this was the first time to stay off The Strip for me. I choose one of the courtyard rooms that had just been completely remodeled, very nice job. Yes, housekeeping does start their rounds around 9:00 a. m., but are willing to return later upon your request. There are 2 pools, one heated the other is not. Be sure and purchase the Breakfast Buffet discount vounchers upon check in for around $ 4.99. It's well worth it. The casino is expansive, other eateries available on site, a shuttle every 30 minutes or so to the strip, I had a rental car which was convenient. I will stay there again, this no high end casino, but has all the neccesities you will need to be comfortable gambling , dining , and lodging.	
Oct 4 2008 	Great for first time in Vegas	This was my first time out to Las Vegas. My sister and I came for our birthdays. The view, lights were awesome. I loved the shuttle that the hotel offered. The front desk personnel, especially Steve, was very polite. The rooms were comfortable and CLEAN!!!! The buffet was excellent as well. I would like to stay here again. It is also very close in proximity to Hoover Dam, which was gorgeous!!! It was worth it	
Oct 1 2008 	For $44.00 it's okay> good...	Stayed here for the discount rate. Unfortunately, I arrived at 9:30pm and there were no longer any Tower rooms left. We stayed in the Courtyard rooms in the back.It appeared as if they have renovated this section and the rooms are comfortable - the bathrooms are outstanding with their orange scented tolietries. There is no elevator in the Courtyard bldg, so you have to lug your luggage up with you.The beds are full size and not queen. Other than that it was a short - one night stay. This was pretty tight for 4 persons.	
Sep 30 2008 	Courtyard rooms are just fine	I got a great rate of $15 + tax for a Sunday night in Sept on Vegas.com. I was looking for an inexpensive room for 1 night and a Courtyard room at the Palace Station fit the bill nicely.The Courtyard rooms are buildings of 2-story motel-style rooms. They are all non-smoking (your credit card is charged $250 if you smoke in the room) and there are no elevators to the 2nd floor. There are a bunch of Courtyard buildings and a number of doors out to the parking area so you are not too far from your car. The pools &amp; hot tubs are in the Courtyard rooms area. There is no garage near the Courtyard rooms so your car will sit in the sun &amp; bake. The garage is on the opposite side of the hotel near the tower rooms.I was familiar with the hotel's layout and knew just where I wanted to stay. Room 1841 was perfect. On the 1st floor, near a door and my car, and not facing the parking lot. I did not have a view of anything but one of the other buldings but I did not care because the curtains stayed closed the entire time. Supposedly the rooms have all been recently renovated and my room seemed fresh &amp; clean. No flat screen TV so the big 32&quot; (?) TV took up almost all the counter space in the room. The king size bed was very comfortable but the flat-as-a-pancake foam rubber pillows were HORRIBLE! Instead of new duvets and light bedding you have the old style heavy bedspreads.The heating/air conditioning floor unit worked fine and kept my room nice and cool. There is no closet, just an armoire with a few hangers &amp; an iron and ironing board.My main complaint with the room is the bathroom. Whomever deisgned the bathrooms is a complete idiot!!!!!The lighting in the bathroom is not very bright, good luck trying to shave or put makeup on! There is a teeny tiny shelf over the sink for toiletries and that's all the shelf space available. The bars of soap are the smallest I have ever seen in a hotel and king-bedded rooms only get 2 small bath towels. Fortunately when I 1st got to my room there was a maid cleaning the room next door so I asked for more towels and got them no problem. The shower is very small (about the size of one on a cruise ship) and if you are taller than 5'8&quot; you will not be able to stand directly under the nice rainforest shower head. There was plenty of hot water &amp; great water pressure.Some of the other reviewers mentioned problems with taxis, airport shuttles, etc. My recommendation - if you don't have a car &amp; plan on going anyplace beside the hotel, then don't stay here!The Palace Station, as well as all off-strip hotels, are designed for the local Las Vegas population - ie, people with cars.Cars are so cheap in Vegas, rent one!!! Or else stay on the Strip where you can walk to all the casinos or take the Deuce bus.My other big problem with the Palace Staion, as well as many, many other hotels, not only in Vegas but all over the world, is the &quot;Resort Fee&quot;. Palace Station charges a $4.95/night + tax ($5.40 total) Resort Fee for as far as I can see, practically nothing. The fee covers local calls, 800# calls, the airport shuttle, notary, copies &amp; fax services &amp; line passes to the buffet (means you don't wait as long to eat at the buffet). A bunch of nothing for people with a car &amp; a cell phone. At check in I was presented with a form I had to sign acknowledging I would pay the Resort Fee &amp; that I would be charged $250 if I smoked in my room. I challenged the Resort Fee charge as no where on my Vegas,com confirmation did it say there was a Resort Fee. After about a 10 minute discussion with his manager, the desk clerk checking me in came back to me &amp; said they would waive the fee. It was not a lot of money, it is the principle of the thing. If a hotel wants to charge a Resort Fee (and I think the Palace Station would hardly be considerd a resort in anybody's mind!) then let them just up the nightly room rateby $5 and be done with it.The Palace Station is not my first choice of an off-strip hotel to stay In Las Vegas, but it was fine and I would stay there again if the price was right.	
Sep 26 2008 	Sufficient	The Palace Station is a large hotel off the strip, with its own restaurant, casinos and free shuttle service. The rooms here are inexpensive, and the staff is extremely friendly and welcoming. With its many conference rooms in the convention part of the hotel, and the quick setup-teardown jobs - it's a great place to hold a convention. I myself was visiting for the Las Vegas Bellydance Intensive. At the same time, there was a female body builder convention. There was enough space for everyone to co-mingle without ever feeling crowded.On the plus sides, the rooms are large and the tower rooms have expansive views of the city. The courtyard rooms are close to the two pools and hot tubs, which we used frequently. Pool-side food delivery was great. Our room was non-smoking and smelled fine.On the down side, there are only two pillows per bed and the blankets/sheets are not luxury-level as one might expect for a Deluxe room. With two of us in the room, we also felt that we ran out of towels quickly - I think there were only two big towels per room. Also, this hotel is not on the strip and it will cost around 15$ to get a cab to the strip. Cabs have to be called, as they do not stop here on their own, and can take up to 30 minutes to arrive. Be warned if you are going to the airport that you will have to plan ahead, or make sure you get on the free shuttle.The main lobby and casino area was another story. The combination of aromas between cigarettes, greasy food, and strong cleaning chemicals was often strong enough to make me gag. I did not find other casinos to smell this badly, although smoking seems to be permitted everywhere in Vegas. This is not an upscale casino - the machines are close together and it can be difficult to navigate through the casino if you are simply trying to get to the other side of the hotel.The food at this hotel is not the best. It is very average American style food, huge portions and prepared in a fattening manner. Maybe some people would consider this a plus. There was an oyster bar, but I would not eat oysters in an area that smelled as badly of smoke - it would ruin them. There was a Mexican, Chinese, and American food places. Most of the time, I visited the Starbucks, which was a godsend. The huge buffet always had lines and smelled too bad - I didn't want to eat there so I didn't even go inside. If you like trans-fats, high fructose corn syrup, processed food and factory-farmed meat, you might like the restaurants here.If you are here for the Las Vegas Bellydance Intensive, there are no grocery stores nearby and the hotel doesn't offer any healthy options. Do yourself a favor and bring along a supply of powerbars and sports drinks. Most dancers do not like to eat a heavy greasy meal if they are going to be dancing for 8 hours a day.	
Sep 24 2008 	Not the best but comfortable	I arrived here on a business trip, along with 27 other partners from other sister companies. The hotel is wonderfully decorated, and has a taste of the ''old''. It's more for older people or for people who are looking to get away from the hustle and bustle of the strip life. The casino is smaller than the much bigger hotels, but it is a cute hotel.Though I did have issues walking from the larger part of the hotel, to the courtyard area to the pools. You left the building, walking near dumpsters, in an alley like setting. They offer two pools, though having to walk through the dumpster area and into the courtyard area, I didn't feel safe going about it. The rooms were comfortable, clean and roomy. Though I went down to the front desk to ask for assistance about their ametities, and they were not of much help. A comfy hotel, but there are some flaws that have concerned me. I would recommend this hotel to people looking for a quiet stay, or willing to exlpore things on their own without much assistance...	
Sep 12 2008 	great place to stay	We booked this hotel thru Expedia UK on an impulse decision.We didn't have a huge budget and had been planning to go somewhere a bit more local in Europe but couldn't find anything we wanted so - Hey ,lets go to Vegas!!. Palace Station was fine. Courtyard rooms were plenty adequate for the amount of time we spent in them. We had a nice view of the pool and jacuzzi, the A/C worked perfectly, room was clean, linen and towels were clean.The pool was nice - never too crowded, plenty of towels. The buffet was good, the Oyster Bar was great. Staff were friendly and helpful. The Strip Shuttle was prompt and regular. Nothing to complain about.No this isn't a swanky upmarket place but it's friendly and perfect for a no frills stay in Vegas. We'll be coming again.	
Aug 30 2008 	Forget This Hotel	This was not my first time at Palace Station. I had stayed several years ago but was not pleased by the hotel's shady pricing policy (they casually forgot to tell me about an &quot;Energy Surcharge&quot; that they were adding to the nightly room cost until it appeared on my credit card bill). When I couldn't book rooms on the strip in my price range, I decided to give the Stations another try. The room charge from their website was $34.99 per night so I booked two adjoining rooms for my party. On the reservation printout a $4.95 AMENITY fee appeared at the bottom of the page in microscopic print. Of course I never noticed the item since the print was so small and the charge didn't appear up on the same level with the room charge and tax information. It was only after I had travelled all the way to Las Vegas and was checking in that I found out about the charge! The hotel clerk drew this to my attention and clearly stated that I &quot;could dispute the charge and it will be withdrawn&quot;. To top it off, the so called AMENITY charge was now, on the day of my check in, $5.99--due according to the clerk to tax. That increase represents a 20% tax and when I told the clerk he just told me that he doesn't make the rules but I could dispute this when I checked out. Moreover, this so called AMENITY FEE was charged to each room for every single night of our stay. Now what does that AMENITY FEE cover??: A telephone in each room so you can call the front desk, maid service or room service--you still pay for most telephone calls I believe; A coupon book (should be charged the lesser state sales tax rate not hotel tax on this) of which, even though we stayed four nights, we were only entitled to ONE per room per stay; the use of the hotel fitness equipment in a dinky dark facility somewhere in the tower and not close to our rooms; a shuttle to the strip during limited hours; and believe it or not, the possiblity of having Room Service should we choose to have it (no extra charge for room service, how convenient). What a RIP-OFF!! Every other casino hands out coupon books for free. As to the coupons, they offer a certificate entitling one to ten percent off a purchase at the gift shop, a ten percent reduction on a Palace Station Casino T-Shirt (oh yay!), a free drink at the bar and a coupon for playing a table game in the casino. Pretty standard coupons. Compare a Continental Breakfast from the hotel restaurant to the Room Service Menu and one can see a $10.00 service charge built into the price differential. How about the Fitness Equipment? Why not charge those who wish to use the facilty when they use it? Ditto the shuttle. So what, pray tell, are the amenities? When will Palace Station start charging for soap, toilet paper, shampoo and towels? BTW, the amenity fee of $5.99 was added daily to the daily hotel room and then tax was charged on the overall daily rate! So my original $4.95 is now increased to $6.59 by means of &quot;tax&quot; or it increased 33 % (wish my investments could do so well) and the room charge of $34.99 is actually $40.98.As to the rooms, Palace Station should make some improvements in their linens. Each bed was short sheeted. That's not so bad for children who are four feet tall or less, but a normal sized adult will struggle with that all night long. Towels are thin standard white terry and rough. We had to ask for a second bath towel each day as only one set came with my room. The sheets were clean but the pillows were not and the general room cleanliness needs to be improved. Luckily, the mattresses were clean and comfortable but not enough to outweigh the sheet problem. Well, when I was ready to check out I went to the desk to dispute the Amenity Fee charge and was told in no uncertain terms that by initialing that the clerk had told me about the amenity fee I had agreed to it! That is not what it says, it says that I Understand the fee which I certainly did. I understand that Palace Station wants the benefit of enticing customers with a low rate that they later jack up at check in. I certainly will not go back and I advise others to skip this hotel!	
Aug 10 2008 	fantastic!	I booked this hotel based on a recommendation from a friend. I looked at the other reviews on TA and thought it looked good. I was VERY happy when I arrived. They have free shuttle service to and from the airport and the strip. The rooms were great! The food was everything I wanted, it was hard to find a reason to leave the hotel at all. We loved the Cabo the mexican eatery. On Saturday they have steak fajitas for 5 bucks....!!! We loved the dealers and the players. The casino always had 5 dollar tables open and they were always fun. The wait staff was very good about drinks and the casino was very clean. Overall, I will be back to stay at the palace station. I spent some time on the strip. Its great but I loved the deal at the station.	
Aug 7 2008 	Do not use the hotel room phones!	The hotel is great.... theres nothing wrong with the hotel AT ALL, except the extortionate calling rates! I had my phone stolen in the casino there, and had to call the UK to cancel it... a 6 minute phone call has ended up costing me $110!!! That is nearly 60 Quid!	
Jul 29 2008 	An unexpectedly extended stay!	I checked into the Palace Station on 07/21/2008 after responding to a mail offer of three nights free. I was to be charged $59.00 for the fourth night as the offer was good for 3 nights max. My flight from Tampa was over an hour late in leaving and I missed my connecting flight from Chicago to Las Vegas. United re-booked me to a 6:00 AM flight and provided a hotel for the night. I called the Palace Station from O'Hare and the friendly operator changed the arrival date and dropped the charge for the extra night.I arrived on Monday, 07/21 about noon and checked in. Check-in was slow, but a posted sign explained that check-out time was noon, and guests checking out would be given priority to those checking in before the 3:00 check-in time. Got a coupon book on arrival with a $5.00 match play, some two-for-one meal offers, and various discounts including the gift shop.The room was not overly large but tastefully decorated. Pillow-top matress. Nice, modern furniture and a giant flat screen T.V. which displayed a fuzzy, grainy picture. (All except the Station Hotel channels, which came through with amazing clarity.) In-room safe was locked, but security quickly opened it up for my use.The bathroom was very spacious, with granite countertops, a magnifying makeup mirror mounted to the wall. The shower was new tile with marble shelves and featured a very large &quot;rain&quot; type shower head that gave excellent volume and pressure. Shampoo and condtioner provided, of course.End table had a clock radio. No in-room coffee.I was plesantly surprised by the quality of the room and appointments. Much better than I expected.I ate at the buffet for lunch immediately, as I was famished from the trip. Food selection and quality was mediocre and totally ordinary. If there hadn't been a line at the Grand Café, I wouldn't have eaten there.After a long nap and some play in the Casino, I had dinner in the Grand Café, where I had the NY steak special for dinner. Excellent and well worth the price. This was one of a number of meals at the Grand Café, each of which was satisfying and reasonably priced. It's also not possible to go near the Grand Café without staring into the refrigerated case in front to marvel at the beautiful pastry and cake creations that comprise a veritable museum display. I don't have a sweet tooth, normally don't eat desserts, but just looking at the cakes and pastries became a daily ritual for me. Who would have thought?During the last night of my scheduled stay, I awoke gasping for air, unable to breathe. I was able to call the emergency button on the house phone and security was swift in responding and accommodating to my needs. After a short time, rather than have them summon a paramedic, I took a cab to University Medical Center emergency room. When it became necessary for me to be admitted for tests and observation, I called Palace Station, and they were friendly and accommodating and allowed my wife arrive later in the day and extend our room stay indefinitely. The staff was friendly and helpful at every turn. I was released the next day after having been diagnosed with pneumonia, and now accompanied by my wife, spent a couple of more days while I recovered some strength before retuning home on Sunday, 07/27. (My four night, solo Vegas excursion ended up being a multi-city, seven day ordeal including a hospital stay.)My wife got the &quot;check-in special&quot; of two $3.99 breakfast buffets (she hadn't been able to talk to me before she checked in) so we had the breakfast buffet one morning. A repeat of the lunch buffet, so far as it went. Indifferent food, passable quality. Neither of us will make that mistake again.I had to tell my wife about the coupon book. I kept trying to figure out how all of it adds up to the &quot;$500.00 Value&quot; as printed on the book. I tried to estimate the value of everything, including the free cocktail at the Irish pub, and all I could do was tell my wife, &quot;Honey, don't you DARE spend $2,250.00 at the gift shop for a 20% coupon discount!&quot;I had dinner at Chang's, Palace Station's Chinese eatery. Good, standard Chinese selections reasonably priced from about $8.00 and up. On the whole, about the same as most neighborhood Chinese joints, if your neighborhood isn't New York, San Francisco, or Peking.My wife and I dined at The Broiler steak house one evening. The meat was very good, the salad bar was outstanding. We weren't dissatisfied, but certainly felt that the price was on the high end for the quality.I enjoyed playing in the Palace Station casino. It was large enough for plenty of variety in games and machines. The dealers were capable and friendly. Everything about the casino appealed to my low-roller needs.A daily paper at your front door is a nice touch.We normally rent cars, and since my wife rented the car when I was hospitalized, she did all of the driving. One of her comments at the end of the stay was, &quot;Wow! This is a great location. You're right near the Strip. You're near Downtown. You're near all of my favorite shopping places, and a couple of places we like to eat. It's really easy to get around from here. Let's stay here again, sometime.&quot; I agree	
Jul 25 2008 	Great Hotel off the Strip...I highly reccommend it!	Wow... what a great hotel! We stayed here for 4 nights. Reasonable rates (from $34-$99 + taxes a night depending on season and what day of the week it is). The rooms were recently renovated and very clean in the &quot;Tower Rooms&quot;. The staff were courteous and polite. The food in the attached casino was AMAZING at this little seafood place called &quot;Oyster Bar&quot;....I am still dreaming about it!! There is a Starbucks in the lobby which is great! There is a free shuttle that goes down to the Tropicana Hotel on the Strip all day. I liked that the hotel was off the strip. It was quieter and it wasn't overcrowded. The pools were decent and completely desolate when we were there. I highly recommend this hotel and tell all my friends to stay there.	
Jul 23 2008 	great deal	We just spent 3 nights at the Palace Station. We started out very disappointed to be staying here. We had wanted to stay at Monte Carlo, where we normally stay in Vegas, but the price was just out of line. Once we got inside Palace Station, we were very pleasantly surprised. It's a perfectly fine place. It is not the Bellagio by any means, but you can't beat it for the price! We stayed in a courtyard room, which is the cheaper area. The room was small, but nicely remodeled. One thing to note, you cannot get ajoining rooms in this part of the hotel. The only bad thing I can say is that their pillows were terrible. Otherwise, everything was perfectly acceptable.The buffet is cheap and perfectly good-$6 for lunch and dinner. You get a $1 discount if you sign up for the player's card. We ate at the mexican restaurant in the hotel ( which they have a variety of deals for) and the food and the margaritas were terrific.If you're looking for a deal and can handle being off the strip, this place is a great option.	
Jul 21 2008	I loved it and will definitely go back	I think it is very important to make the distinction between the &quot;courtyard&quot; rooms and those in the &quot;luxury tower&quot;I stayed in the Luxury Tower and my review is only based on that.This hotel is off the strip, shuttles were never full as other reviewers have mentioned however i was there mid week during the slowest month of July. I also walked to the strip more than once, so it is doable.Check in was fast, everyone was helpfulRoom was AMAZING for the price, I paid $45CAD through expedia and my room had a king sized pillow top mattress and a large flat screen TV. Bathroom was very spacious.The buffet is dirt cheap, and while nothing first class it has all the basics.Played some poker, and while the game can be profitable you should know it is 80% locals who all seem to know each other.I spent alot of time at the unheated pool, there is another (heated) pool which I had no desire to check out. Pool area was nice, chairs were uber-comfortable and were always available. Again keep in mind I was there during a slow period.I have stayed at several hotels in Vegas and for the price this was absolutely the best deal. If you don't mind being off the strip you absolutely can't go wrong...just make sure you land in the luxury tower :)	
Jul 19 2008 	Home Away From Home-Palace Station	July 4th Week of 2007Another week at Palace Station and can't want until Sept. 30 2008 for another week! My husband and I are in our early 50's. We are very picky!! We have overalled stayed at the Palace Station for the past 10 years, at least 16 times. We have even stayed a few nights at their sister place...The Red Rock Canyon, but Palace Station is our home away from home.My husband and I both travel alot throughout our jobs! We stay at all 5 star hotels, because they are paid for through our jobs. Palace Station matches them! Even better than the others. Reason being is because they care! They have everything ready for you when you arrive. We always check in through VIP, because we go through our hostess, Janet Anderson, who we have known now for over 10years. Their newly renovated Tower Rooms, are very lovely and comfortable. I always bring my added special rooms items such as candles, air freshner and CD player. We always win there! OK we are not High Rollers, not even close. We usually take an allowance of $2000.00 for play money for 5-7 days. We never...never...go under that! We have many times came back home with our money. Mostly we come with $500.00-$2,000.00 winning! We use our players cards, and usually don't have to pay for our food or our room. The Broiler, their upscale restaurant is to die for. Just their fresh salad bar will fill you up. Homemade rolls and bread. There are just not enough words to describe how much we enjoy ourselves when go!Vegas is fun, and it is what you make out of it! Security is excellent there! No one can go up the elevator without showing their room key. I mean day time and night time, when we have stayed there. Their two pools are small, but never overcrowded. We don't go to Vegas to swim, we go to gamble, eat good meals, and to enjoy ourselves. We do go to the pool everyday for 2-3 hours of sun, and always can find lounging chairs and tables and umbrellas. Excellent set up at their pools. Again, you make it out to be what you want it to be. As I said earlier, can't wait until August 30th. All ready have me a little box packed to ship the week begfore we arrive, with candles, bottled waters, drinks, snacks, air freshners, and etc.	
Jul 16 2008 	Great for the price	We had our fifth stay at Palace Station in the last twelve months, and it was a great time.RoomsThe courtyard rooms are a step down from the tower rooms. They have been updated, but they are tight on space. This is the room to get when you want a fantastic deal in an updated OK room.The tower rooms are much better and I think stack up to most regular rooms on the strip. This is the room to get if you want to stay in a nice comfortable inexpensive room.DealsMake sure you get the coupon book at check-in. Good deals to be had. 25% off room service, buy one-get one free at Italian restaurant. Also, the newspaper that they leave at your room door M-Sat has a free glass of wine coupon. You can use more than one coupon.Ask for the food specials at the cafe - they have several of them off the menu. 3.99 all you can eat pancakes, etc. The buffet is a good deal and is good for the price. I recommend it for breakfast, lunch and brunch, but supper brings some low quality people.The Margaritas at the Mexican place are great and a good deal during happy hour.FoodThe food at the cafe, Chinese, Italian, Mexican, and Broiler places is great. The first four are high quality for a cheap price. You can't beat the Italian place when using your coupons. You will not be disappointed. Do not waste your money ordering appetizers. The entrees are huge. The Broiler is top notch, but not a cheap price. The seafood is flown in everyday fresh.TransportationI didn't mind being off strip. The shuttles that run every hour to the strip and airport are too convenient to not use.GamingMost of the tables are $5 minimum which helps on the pocketbook. They have 25 cent full-pay dueces wild at the back entrance. You can find the strategy on the internet. The dueces wild at the two main bars in the middle of the casino pay just under 99%. Less payback, but continuous drinks and full points on your players card (the full pay does not give full points).They have a full pay JOB in the high limit area, but you'll need to spend $5 a pull to get it.The slots are a little looser than on the strip.They have two deck blackjack for $10 minimum without surrender and six deck for $5 minimum with surrender. This is the one to play since comps are much higher for the six deck than the two deck. The odds difference is negligible due to the six deck allowing surrender.ServiceI found everyone to be very friendly and the service to be higher than expected. Truly a three star hotel IMO.	
Jul 11 2008 	Awful room	My sister, brother-in-law invited us to meet in Las Vegas for her 20 year anniversary celebration, and she told me they would be there from the 3rd till the 7th. I automatically assumed that we are flying out on the 7th but what she meant was, we are staying the 3rd till the 8th, flying out on the 8th of July. Since she was staying at Caesar Palace, we booked a room closed to the strip, and my husband and I stayed at Hyatt Place which is a two blocks East of Caesar Palace. Hyatt was rated 3 star. I got the room for 4 nights and it was wonderful. The shuttle services were great, the continental breakfast tasted good, and the employees courteous and helpful. We stayed there from the 3rd until the 7th, and for the night of the 7th, we have to moved to Palace Station because of my mistake on the dates. I figured since Hyatt Place was a 3 star hotel, and Palace Station (according to Hotwire, also 3-star, that it would be compatible or similar), what a surprise we got.The courtyard room was small. My husband and I got two full-size beds instead of a queen or king. The window looks out into the dumpster. Anyone who walked through the hallway on the ground floor and second floor can look almost directly into our room. The insulation was bad so we can hear every footfall. The bathroom has a shower stall w/ curtains only so water was everywhere on the floor. The bathroom was so small, there's nowhere to put your clean clothes so our clothes either get wet sitting on the toilet or you have to come out of the bathroom to get dress. The bathroom sink has no towel rack so you have drippy hands walking everywhere. No kleenex in the room, so you have wipe nose with toilet paper. The tack strip holding down the carpet was protruding through the carpet and you can get a nasty cut if you step on it wrong. The lights were dim and the floor and decorations were dark brown so you really cannot see whether the shower stalls or bathroom is clean or dirty. No coffee or coffee pot in the room. What a difference coming from Hyatt Place.Furthermore, the check-in line was long and no one seems to know exactly how to help customers or maybe they just don't want to. They have one person manning the front desk while a long line was forming. Supervisor, and VIP check-in person came out to help and still we have a long wait. Everyone (except for parking attendants) seems to be in a bad mood. I definitely get services with a frown from the bell-boy and the front desk when I asked about restaurants around the area. They tell me they do not know of any, and said everything is in the casino. I do not need to go outside. I will definitely not recommend the place to anyone.	
Jul 8 2008 	Another great stay!	My husband and I stayed at the Palace Station 4th of July weekend, Friday through Monday participating in the PS Slot tournament. We were offered a 3 night stay in the newly remodeled tower rooms. The rooms are fantastic! Very clean, spacious and comfortable. The 42 inch plasma TV was great to watch the Nascar race and the Wimbledon matches during our down time. The hotel staffs as always were very accommodating and the valet staff was wonderful! When we left in the morning our room was cleaned and stocked when we returned. We had a great view of the south strip from our window and could see fireworks throughout the valley on July 4th night. The casino was full of excitement. Several $5 blackjack tables during our stay which was a great surprise for the weekend. We did eat t the Grand Café this stay. They have several specials that are not on the menu, the $4.99 ham and cheese omelet plate was delicious. I have been staying at the PS for over a year now and always have a great time. Even though the hotel is not on the strip I feel that it is just as good as or better than some of the strip hotels. It is a good location right off of I-15 even though I always rent a car. I do not recommend walking to the strip but they do offer a shuttle bus that takes you to and from the strip. Can’t wait until our next trip to Vegas and would definitely stay at the PS again. Good Luck!	
Jul 6 2008 	OK for price	Got the hotel through Hotwire. My bf wasn't too thrilled when I told him the hotel name. He had stayed there before it was renovated and didn't like it. I read the reviews and figured it wouldn't be too bad. I did bring my own extra bed sheets and room deordorizer as I have a sensitive nose for bad smells.First off, valet was horrible. We arrived at the front of the casino and went to the valet section. No one helped us although they were not busy at all. (We were the 2nd car.) We got out and started unloading our luggage hoping someone would notice and help us. Finally someone came and told us if we were checking in, we are quite a way from the hotel and for us to drive around to the side. When we did and arrive at the hotel check-in section valet, again no one helped us. Waiting a few minutes out I decided to check-in while my bf waited for valet.Check-in was a breeze. Person was friendly and nice although they wouldn't upgrade our room for an additional as they were &quot;solid booked&quot;.We got the regular room. The regular rooms are off the hotel and in back of the casino. I thought it was a hassle to drag your luggage to go down the casino to get through a few doors and then get to the rooms. The room building is like an &quot;enclosed motel 6&quot;.. The ceilings are pretty low and the building is a bit old. The hallways were stuffy and hot. Our room was on the 2nd floor which I believe is better than the first floor as the first floor seems to have too much foot traffic.Our room was extremely hot and stuffy so we had to turn the a/c on right away. It was quite small. and simple. Renovated and up to date. King size bed with two night stands and lamps. Across was a small desk, next to the desk was a 27' TV, (NOT FLAT SCREEN, it was old and huge) and next to the TV was a little closet to store your clothes.Bathroom was nice. Nicely renovated. I was impressed.Sink is pedestal. No space to put your toothbrushes or whatnot. There was a small shelf on top of the since right under the mirror.My only complaint would be the shower. It is a stand up shower however if you are taller that 5'8&quot; you might have to bend otherwise the shower head will hit your head, it is quite low. Also, the curtain hangs from the very top of the ceiling down to the very bottom of the shower making it quite dark in the shower w/ very little lighting. The shower stall is a bit small.I didn't stay around the casino b/c the cigerette smell and stench was soo bad. I'm not sure maybe the casino is a smaller casino? I don't have problems at other casinos but for some reason I couldn't stand the smell there so we didn't hang around there much.We had the buffet there the first day b/c it was cheap. They don't have a large variety - no seafood, pasta etc but for the price, it was ok. The waiting in line was a bit slow. We were like the 5th group in line and had to wait about 15-20 minutes just to get to the register.My bringing my extra bed sheets was worth it. The 2nd night while I was fluffing my blankets and saw a nasty stain on the blanket and got grossed out.Housekeeping will good. My towels were changed and bed was made when I returned back to my room.Overall, it was an ok stay. Next time I'd rather pay more for a better quality hotel.Will I recomment this hotel to a friend? Yes, if they want something cheap. Will I stay there again? No.	
Jun 30 2008 	Palace Station was adequate	We (two adults and two teenagers) just returned from Las Vegas' Palace Station... we were there for a family reunion. The hospitality room was nice, and most of the family stayed at PS because of its affordability. This hotel was good for this kind of gathering. PS allowed us to bring in our own liquor, snacks, cake, decorations, etc.The rooms were clean, quiet and up-to-date. The AC worked fine. However, we smelled smoke on our floor/room and it was supposed to be NS. The elevators were fast. The check-in/check-out process was very simple and friendly. We drove, and the hotel is easy to get in/out and parking simple and close-by. The location of the hotel is off the strip so there is a shuttle provided by PS. We went to get on the shuttle and there was not enough space, so we had to wait one hour for the next. Suggestion: don't wait until the last minute to catch the shuttle on a Saturday.We ate at the Grand Cafe and the Pasta Palace... decent, but nothing fantastic. Jack's Irish Pub was excellent. Nice servers and great people watching as the night wears on. The pool was rather drab. Fitness center was OK, but small. The arcade was outdated according to the teenagers.Overall, it worked well for a family reunion. It was a decent value, and comfortable... but I'd prefer the strip.	
Jun 19 2008 	Great rennovated rooms @ Palace Station	Palace Station was the only property I could find with a decent rate over a weekend period, as we were on a budget after spending all our cash on the strip and grand canyon!The rennovated rooms were of a fantastic standard- couldn't fault anything. Clean, light coloured linen, spotless bathroom with great water pressure, I was upset we were only staying 1 night.The location is a little out from the strip, but it was never really a problem because the hotel did provide a complimentary shuttle that ran eon the hour that dropped us around The Wynn Hotel on th strip. We hired a car anyway and parking was never a problem anywhere.All in all, a great stay for the price and location.	
Jun 17 2008 	Not bad if you want to be away from the strip	I needed a spot to stay for business, and really didn't want to be in all of the strip traffic. The Palace Station is a little ways away from the strip yet close enough if you want that scene. The area is more that of offices and neighborhoods. The tower room was very nice, in fact I was given an upgrade to a jr suite. maybe because I was wearing my &quot;Trip Advisor&quot; hat?The room was recently redone and had comfortable modern furniture and a large plasma tv. Very nice shower, no tub. I wish more hotels did that. I did miss a coffee maker in the room, but there is a Starbucks in the lobby. I hate the $4 resort fee and $10 internet fee. I'd rather pay $14 more for the room and be done with it. The room was a decent price anyway, around $80 for a Friday night. All in all I would reccommend it unless you have to be ON the strip and would stay there again.Stay away from the buffet, you get what you pay for here and it's cheap.	
Jun 3 2008 	Nice Hotel	I stayed here for two nights and thought it was really nice. Good casino for the gamblers,nice restaurant and an 'Irish Bar' (I was the most Irish thing in there!!) Overall a very nice hotel with a very nice pool area. Friendly staff and very nice clean rooms.	
Jun 3 2008 	Post-renovation experience: Terrific!	My friends and I decided to stay here pretty much at the last minute; we were returning to Los Angeles after a weekend in the Grand Canyon and we called Hotels.com literally two hours before we arrived in Las Vegas for the night. We were able to get a Deluxe Tower room with two queen beds for a great price (~$50; it was a Tuesday night). We also had enough space to lay down a queen-sized air mattress on the floor (we brought the air mattress ourselves). Their self-parking was well-lit, color-coded and close to the room; no endless march dragging heavy luggage through the casino!The non-smoking Deluxe Tower room came equipped with cable TV (connected to a widescreen flat-panel TV with remote), wireless internet access, a hair dryer. Everything was new: the furniture, wallpaper, carpet, paint, tile and decorations. It even smelled new -- no stale cigarette smoke or mildew!Their &quot;Feast Buffet&quot; was also a great experience. We only waited in line for a few minutes (it was a Wednesday morning). The food was fresh and tasty, the facility was spacious, clean and tastefully decorated, and the service was prompt and courteous.All in all, a great experience! Hats off to the new Palace Station -- I would definitely stay here again.	
May 21 2008 	Great time in Vegas!	We stayed for three nights at the Palace Station. We arrived Friday, May 16 and check in was smooth. We stayed in the tower and our room was clean, comfortable, updated, and didn't smell of cig smoke. The buffet was disappointing, but the champagne flowed which made it well worth the 6 bucks. The casino was good to us, and it was good sign to see locals there. We rented a car and found the city pretty easy to navigate. We will definitely return.	
May 21 2008 	Need better Shuttle Service	The hotel is excellent, very clean. The pool is just walking distance from the rooms. The casino has a couple of restaurants, the best one is the buffet $9.99 for dinner and breakfast. Food was very fresh and lots of choices to pick from. The shuttle service picks you up every hour at the hotel, it leaves you at the Tropicana casino and another stop at the fashion mall. Make sure to get to the stops early when you are going back to the hotel, the bus usually gets full and you will not be able to get on. It is a 26 seat passenger bus shuttle. I was not able to get on the bus one night at the Tropicana because it was full, therefore I had to cab it from the strip to the hotel for $10. The last shuttle bus is at 11:20pm it is always crowded and if you are not there early you will get bumped off. Driver does not allow people to stand on the bus.Overall the Palace Station is a nice place to stay for the price.	
May 19 2008 	Actually not as bad as other reviewers make it out to be!	I booked this through hotwire and paid just $29 per night for a double room. Reading the reviews I almost booked somewhere else but we decided to go and check it out for ourselves and if it came to it we could just check in somewhere else... we did only pay $29 per night so it wouldnt be a huge loss. So we got a courtyard room and after reading reviews I was anxious. However the room was fine. It wasnt huge but coming from Europe I have seen smaller. It was big enough. The bathroom was also a good size and the usual towels, hairdryer and toiletries were supplied. It was cleaned every day and it was spotless. There was carpet on the floor and it was actually above average in comparison to other 2 stars I have seen or stayed in. There are two pool areas and a gym. There are towels provided at the pool areas and the pool is open until midnight. The areas were clean and well looked after. There are also jacuzzis but by day it is just to hot to use them. The pool areas arent huge but we never had a problem getting a sun bed or anything. The casino isnt as glamorous as others on the strip. A lot of locals go here... but it is the only one that I won anything in so it got a thumbs up from me. There are plenty of dining options there. I did have the all you can eat breakfast buffet and I must say it is such good value. I didnt try dinner but the breakfast was fine... but then again it isnt very difficult to fry an egg or make an omlette... but there is plenty of choice there. You can go healthy or you can have a artery clogging fry up if you want! Anyway who can complain when you can eat and drink whatever you want for $5.99?There is a complimentary shuttle to the strip every hour and also to the airport. I never had a problem once with this. Occasionally it might be full at peak hours and then the drivers would give people an option of sitting on peoples laps, standing (at their own discretion) or I have once seen him say he would do a quick turn around. I personally found it very accomodating. Overall I had a good experience here. It is definitely above average for a two star. I stayed here purely based on the price as I was on a budget as I was doing a long california / las vegas road trip. If I wasnt on a budget I might prefer to stay on the strip but definitely if you are on a budget dont rule this hotel out.	
May 1 2008 	Great place to stay	Stayed at the Palace Station April 28-30th. Stayed in one of the Tower rooms. The room appears to have been recently renovated. I have read previous reviews about some of the rooms smelling like smoke, but I did not smell a hint of smoke either in the rooms or the hallways leading to the room. There was a big flat-screen TV in the room. The room was very clean, and I felt like I was staying in a 4+ star hotel. The staff was very friendly. The only downside was the $5.40 resort fee added on to the bill, although even with this added fee, I felt it was still a great value. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone planning on staying in Vegas.	
Apr 16 2008 	Pretty Good	The best of that hotel is the shuttle services, they take you from Airport to hotel, and from hotel to Tropicana and Fashion Mall. The room is very reasonable. The buffet is cheap but quality not bad. Will stay there again.	
Apr 8 2008 	Another great visit!	My husband and I just returned from another stay at Palace Station. All told, we have stayed at this hotel at least 14 times. Obviously, that tells you that we like staying there. We always stay in the tower and would recommend doing just that. The rooms were nicely refurbished last year and include all amenities that one might need: flat panel TV, hair dryer, coffee maker, radio/alarm, comfortable bed (s). In addition, the restaurants at this hotel are excellent...comparable to just about anything you might find on the Strip. This year, we ate at the Oyster Bar and at Cabo...a mexican restaurant in addition to the Feast buffet and the Grand Cafe. With the exception of the coffee at the Feast, all our meals were above average. Shuttle bus service is available to/from the Strip and to/from the Airport, making the hotel very accessible. There are 2 pool areas that are adequate for our needs and again, easily accessible. The casino offers an array of new slot machines, tables, and a Bingo room. As we are not smokers, at times, we felt this area was smoky but that is pretty common overall in Las Vegas. And last but not least, we have an wonderful casino host. We will definitely go back when we can.	
Apr 8 2008 	Okay	Hotel was ok but one of the smallest rooms we've ever stayed in. There were 3 of us (husband, 22 year old daughter and me) in two double beds and the room was just too small to be comfortable. Really should have had one queen bed in it. The bathroom was small with a nice shower but no tub. There was a pedestal sink with no counter space so they put a shelf over it for toiletries, unfortunately it gets in the way when you wash your face so you actually need to stick your head under the shelf to rinse. Hard for 3 people to get ready at the same time. The first room we had faced the highway and was incredibly noisy. They switched us the next day to an inside room which was much quieter. Hotel is very spread out and requires alot of walking to get to the courtyard rooms, no elevator.Restaurants were ok, cute irish pub. They had a free shuttle every hour to the strip but it fills up so you need to get down there early then sit on the bus for 20 minutes in order to be sure to get on. We were turned away due to overcrowding several times and had to take a cab or wait an hour for the next one.Staff was friendly and helpful, check in easy. Overall though I'd stay on the strip next time. We ended up taking alot of cabs which drove up the cost and made it not such a great deal.	
Mar 12 2008 	adequate	Not exactly oppulant but more than adequate. Just at the end of the strip but had bus service to centre and shopping malls. Oyster bar recommended!	
Mar 10 2008 	Poor Design On Shower and Sink	My wife and I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights on 3/5/08 - 3/9/08. I got this hotel via hotwire.com and we don't have any prior knowledge about this hotel. Only reason we decided to go with this hotel is because of great package deal on a car and hotel.Good: Nice room size, Cleanliness, helpfull staff and good buffet.Bad: No bath tub, very uncomfortable shower with very tight space even for one person. Bad sink design, Shelf above sink covers half of the sink. Aweful: This hotel charges $5:40 per day for &quot;room service&quot; on top of room rate, which we have no clue what its for and why. We decline the room service but told it will be charge automically without any option. Hotwire did not mention all this nor hotel explained it when we talked to Cust. Rep. prior to our visit.	
Mar 8 2008	Courtyard rooms are aweful	TDY for training with Army. Was charged full government rate of $130 per night. Survey of other occupants showed they paid $50 to $90 per night for same room. Taxpayers were ripped off. Room has no bath, only very small 3'x3' shower. Shelf above pedestal sink covered half of sink. Bend down to spit out toothpaste and you hit your head on edge of shelf. Old TV with grainy picture quality. Internet was $10/day extra. Extra chairs in room very uncomforable with no arm rests. No view at all. Others in group stayed in Tower rooms which are much nicer, for same price. Many inconsistant, deceptive standards. I'm not some prima donna who has to stay at a 5 star hotel all the time, but what I resent is being charge $130 per night for such a crappy room.I will recommend no Government employees ever stay there again.	
Feb 26 2008 	No elevator in the building we were assigned?!	We needed an inexpensive room for a Saturday night in Las Vegas. On one website I was offered a two and ½ star hotel for $85.00. Not knowing the name of the hotel, I decided to take my chances and it turned out to be Palace Station.Check-in was confusing. The lines for valet parking seemed to have no order and since there were parking lots everywhere, we weren’t sure where to park. Inside, the line was long and two of the three people behind the counter were constantly leaving the area to go to the back.We finally got to the counter where our reservation was found. We weren’t aware that there would be an additional $5.00 charge for some “resort fee.” In my opinion that was ridiculous as the pool near our room was freezing and the Jacuzzi had closed hours earlier.We received a room on the second floor of what appeared to be a motel the property acquired and get this – there was NO elevator - to the second floor! We schlepped our bags through check-in, the lobby and casino area, and then across a courtyard to another building altogether. It felt like a different world… Inside our building the hallways looked dingy. What a surprise to see a pretty nice room after opening the door. We stayed in room 2422. The bathroom was the highlight. It looked completely new with gorgeous tile, fixtures and a rain showerhead. It turns out we may have preferred a regular showerhead as water pressure was low. The two beds, one right next to the air-conditioner, were fine. The room was small and felt cramped with a regular TV, desk area, armoire, and a nightstand between the beds. All very ordinary.Our view was seriously hampered by the screen over the window; see the photo. My husband roamed the halls for 15 minutes looking for a soda machine that worked.Good things: Great restaurants located across the street. We were finally told where to park and it turned out to be below our room – motel style – so we could keep an eye [through the screen] on the car. Easy checkout; I called the front desk and we were gone.We would not stay at Palace Station again.	
Feb 22 2008	Better than I had expected	I got a tower room, so I cannot comment on their garden motel rooms. The tower room had great furniture and decor, and a huge flatscreen TV. The buffet is very good. Cons: 1. Stupid $5 resort fee that is added to your total. 2. The casino cage will not cash a personal check unless you open casino credit with them.Overall, I would stay there again.	
Feb 5 2008 	Decent Hotel for the price	Location:The hotel is located 1 mile west of the north end of the strip. There are free shuttles to and from the strip and airport. These shuttles get quite busy near the end of the week and on weekends and only run once an hour. When they started getting full we looked at alternate ways to get around. The Deuce is a city operated bus that goes up and down the entire strip and allows you to take any city bus. The 204 route goes right in front of the Palace Station and you can transfer to the Deuce at the strip.Hotel:Clean and quiet. It's a decent place to stay. We had some issues with the in-room safe and TV. The safe problem was rectified, the TV... still wasn't fixed when we left. The check-in was a little slow (about 25 minutes in line) but check-out was quick. The concierge and bell desk were horrible... the concierge desk wasn't any help at all. They couldn't answer any questions I had and were quite rude. We used the bell desk for our laundry only. I left the bag in the morning with the assurance that it would be in our room before 9pm. By midnight we still didn't have laundry... and when we did find the bell person, we were told it was our fault they didn't deliver because we must of had the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on the door - which I assured them we did not. I would recommend tipping the housekeeping staff right off the bat. We didn't have any american money on us the first day (arrived late at night) and she did clean the room but didn't put much effort into it (towels piled on the counter, coffee packets strewn across the bathroom).Restaurants:Avoid eating here. The food was below average in ALL the restaurants we tried. The bar and waitstaff is great though and they have good happy-hour deals. The buffet is cheap - but you get what you pay for.Casino:Can't comment here as we do not gamble.Overall, a good place to stay for not too much money.	
Jan 21 2008 	Pleasant Surprise!	I actually booked this property by accident and was pleasantly surprised! Stayed on the strip two nights and decided to Hotwire for Friday night for a change of pace and to pay 1/3 of the price. Were trying for the Orleans and accidentally committed to this hotel. My buddy and I were glad we did though! No line at check-in. Was given a non-smoking 2 queen room on the 9th floor overlooking the strip. Signed up for a &quot;boarding pass&quot; players card and got several promos. Do NOT eat at the buffet. It's very cheap for a reason. Do gamble here. My buddy won $1500 on a quarter machine and I ended up about $500 up as well here. Check-out Jack's Pub. Bartender was fun and friendly and she served us non-stop comped drinks just for putting $5 in the vid poker machines. Was pouring shots constantly &quot;on the house&quot;. Do eat at Jack's or the Grand Cafe. The Philly Cheesesteak at Jack's was AWESOME! Room was nothing fancy but newly renovated, spacous, and clean. Had a pasma TV and a nice bathroom. If you're looking for a nice, clean cheap place to stay in Vegas where you actually might go home a winner...definately check out the Palace Station. It has a shuttle to/from strip and airport. No cost! No need for taxi. You can check out the strip all day and end up back here and win some $$$. Worked for us. Will definately be back!	
Jan 20 2008	Good budget hotel	Just got back from 2 nights at the Palace Station, stayed in the older part of the hotel rm 1909 which is ground level. Decent rooms, bed comfort typical of this caliber hotel. Shower, no bathtub, very nice tiles. The floor gets wet because the shower only has a 2 inch rim around it. LOVED the rain-style shower head! They only give you 2 bath sized towels. Irish pub in hotel is a fun place, had a U2 tribute band this weekend, they were great! Didn't really gamble so I can't comment on that. Easy check in/out. Great cheap casino/hotel right off the strip and right next to the 215 S on ramp.	
Dec 28 2007	Great Value	Stayed at the Palace over christmas 2007. The room rates were an excellent deal $25 for a courtyard room per night. Although the rooms are small, they are recently remodeled so I felt like I am staying at a newer and more pricer hotel.The only complain I have is that the walls are paper thin, and I can hear people in other rooms talking and slamming doors, etc.Considering it was only $25 per night, I don't have any complain.	
Dec 15 2007 	Palace Station 	Stayed 1 night @ the Sunset Station (for a business mtg) &amp; 1 @ the Palace Station (to visit w/a friend; business mtg had originally been planned for Palace Station but moved after the whole OJ saga, which is another stor). Looking @ the Palace Station website &amp; especially the descriptions of the Tower Rooms, one would THINK the 'newly renovated' rooms included beds on par w/other hotels fully engaged in the 'hotel bed wars'. I can tell you from personal experience it is exactly the same bed as what is @ the Sunset Station. Exactly the same mattress w/exactly the same un-fitted bottom sheets (complete w/holes in them, btw!) &amp; the flimsy mattress 'pad', both of which are guaranteed to end up in a wadded up knot in the middle of the bed the first time you turn over! And the 'duvet' pictured on the Palace Station website-that's also the blanket; nothing else on the bed or in the room! As a self-confessed hotel 'bed snob', I am VERY annoyed @ the desception this hotel practiced from this perspective.I will admit the bathroom @ Palace Station is a HUGE improvement over those @ the Sunset Station, however, the towels are exactly the same (rolled @ PS vs. folded @ SS). Oddly there isn't a towel bar for hanging of bath towels, though there is a smaller one located on the bathroom counter right in front of the sink. However, since the counter &amp; sink are MUCH lower than you would expect in a hotel, this towel bar doesn't do much except get in the way of trying to get to the sink. This is also one of the very few 'Strip' hotels that actually provides a real work desk in the rooms, so they get points for that. Enormous flat screen tv is nice, as well, but it's so big, the only way to really be able to watch it is from the bed; it's too big to turn for viewing from the armchair in the corner or while seated at the desk.In-room internet access at both is a rip-off; $9.99//day AND you must have the super secret 6-digit password you can only get from pressing 'menu' on the tv remote to access the internet (&amp; thus ensure that you are appropriately charged, of course!). Problem was the night I checked in @ the Palace Station there was a problem w/the 'menu' function across the entire hotel &amp; the front desk staff couldn't seem to understand how to get around this. They finally connected me to the hotel's internet support desk, who did know how to get around it, but the only phone in the room was no where near the desk. Phone cord was long enough to reach, but only AFTER I moved the nightstand &amp; got it off the phone cord which had been wadded up under it. Once connected there was an on-going problem w/being actually being able to access anything which I am guessing is a result of the hotel's settings. Nearly every website initially comes up as 'Page not found', but after hitting the refresh button, the site comes up. Not exactly 'high-speed' as far as I'm concerned! Food in both was so-so, though service @ the Palace was better than Sunset.	
Nov 15 2007 	Outstanding Hotel/Casino	We stayed for three nights in their refurbished tower rooms. The rooms contain 42&quot; plasma TV monitors with the swivel capability. All the new cabinetry in the bedroom and bath are well designed and modern. The sink top contains a raised back shelf which is really handy for placing the toiletries. Someone else mentioned things were dusty in the room, but in ours this was in appearance only as the tops to the dressers and sink are black with flecks making it look like dust. The casino contains a good selection of video poker and slots, plus all the standard table games. A very nice selection of restaurants at reasonalble prices.	
Nov 3 2007 	Never again...	We booked this hotel for a one night stay initially as I had read that it had been done up and that it was good value for money. How wrong could they be? Our problems began at check in where none of the staff seemed to have a clue what they were doing. Due to circumstances we decided to stay two nights at this hotel rather than the one night we had prepaid.I had phoned to add the extra night to our itinerary and told them to charge our credit card. This did not happen and we were then charged extra as they had not got the card number on record. Ridiculous. This scenario was obviouslsy very confusing for the check in staff. One night had had been paid for and we paid the other night on our credit card. We were asked to leave a $50 deposit and our credit card details. We left the deposit in cash as we wanted the cash back. They also put a hold on $180 for what was a $65 room. On check out we were told our deposit had been used to pay for the room with the remainder being charged to our card. This was not what I had agreed with the check in lady.They also kept going on about a $5.40 service charge for each night but I still have no idea what this was for and why it was payable on a room that had been prepaid in full.We are still waiting for the money to be released back onto our card, which although is not entirely the hotels fault was avoidable and annoyed me as we were without the $50 and had no acces to the money they had put a &quot;hold&quot; on. This is not a lot of cash but it was contrary to what I had agreed with the hotel. The rooms had been refurbished to a high standard, lovely king size bed, huge plasma screen TV, nicely done bathrooms, however the whole effect was marred by the room being dirty. It hadn't been dusted in an age and the bathroom needed a good scrub. The TV remote didn't work neither did a replacement. The bath looked nice but when you lay down in it it was like lying on sandpaper. The non-slip coating was very effective but impossible for having a bath. The walls were paper thin and we were unfortunate enough to have noisy neighbours who were trying to get through the connecting door at 4am and made me a bit nervous. The hallways were also grubby with cigarette butts lying around. I was glad to leave.	
Oct 22 2007	We were very happy	Flew in with a family group for a wedding. Palace Station has its own shuttle service so we were taken directly to the front of the hotel without any stops along the way. The shuttle driver pointed out places of interest and gave passengers advice on getting around the city also answering questions. Check in seemed slow considering very few people in line at that time however all employees were helpful and pleasant. Our rooms were in a block on one end of the 6th floor Tower section. Everything very clean and welcoming. Some of the rooms looked out towards the strip and the mountains but the rooms on the other side had a view right into the parking garage. One member of our group had a medical emergency in the night and we were promptly attended to by security who assisted with transfer to a hospital. Housekeeping was excellent. We ate at the various restaurants in the hotel and enjoyed the Grand Cafe the most. They also have a Starbucks and a Burger King just off the casino area. Did have a longer wait on Saturday evening to get taxi service. This was a nice low-key hotel not as hectic as some of the bigger casinos but we were more than satisfied with everything.	
Oct 20 2007 	What a dump	Short on staff, check-in took forever. They then pulled the bait and switch where you book at one price and then when you get there they tack on mandatory garbage fees for stuff you don't use. They gave us a second floor room, but there was no elevator. It had a lovely view of the garbage dumpsters, and it was by the employee break area where they would stand below our window and smoke. The shower (no bathtub) was smaller than on a cruise ship, and you would have to be 4 feet tall to fit under the showerhead. The bed was like a rock. Not recommended!	
Oct 4 2007 	Great location value	My husband and I just got back from a four night stay at Palace Station September 29- October 3rd. (Minus one night for a stay at Red Rock Resort but that's another review!). We travel to Vegas at least 2-3 times a year and like to try different hotels. We weren't able to find any great rates on the strip for the Saturday of our arrival so after some research we decided to try Palace Station. We couldn't have been happier with our stay. Check-in at 1pm on Saturday was a breeze. The front desk staff was pleasant and accomodating. We booked a tower room on a high floor, non-smoking with a king bed and that is exactly what we got. The room, although small, had all the amenities of some of the nicer strip hotels. The bathroom was marble with plenty of counter space. Although there was no bathtub, the walk in shower was large and the rainfall showerhead was nice. The 42 inch plasma in the bedroom was also great and the bed was very comfortable. We always rent a car while in Vegas and found the location of the hotel to be great. A quick five minute drive down Sahara and Industrial puts you right at the Mirage or Treasure Island. I-15 is also easily accessible so travel was easy to and from the hotel. We will definetly be staying at Palace Station again!	
Oct 3 2007 	Good value hotel - short taxi ride to the strip	Nice hotel located off the main strip. Easy to get to the strip via taxi. Hotel has its own casino so you can also gamble here. Stayed in a garden room which was clean and very comfortable after a long flight. Beds extremely comfortable and bathroom comes complete with walk in shower. Las Vegas itself is an amazing place so you will not spend much time in the hotel. We did however spend many an afternoon lounging by the pool and enjoying the quiet away from the hustle and bustle. Also ate at the restaurant one evening which was good basic food, not for those who like posh nosh! If you just want to chill and enjoy the city then this is a great base hotel and much cheaper than those located on the strip. Transfer time is approx 20 mins.	
Sep 26 2007 	Overall not bad for the price	We just returned from a 6 night stay at this hotel. We stayed with a group in rooms booked in the courtyard. The rooms were clean and the hotel staff was personable. Some rooms had problems with hair dryers. Ours was fine. The only complaint I had was the feast buffet. The staff was slow and definitly not very friendly. Only ate there once and then had the rest of our meals at the Grand Cafe where service was much quicker and the servers very friendly. Would recommend the show at the LA Comedy Club to anyone. The acts were hysterical.	
Sep 25 2007 	brilliant	i love this hotel...have stayed at the palace a few years ago, so decided to stay here again...it is going though a revamp at the moment and i must say i was even more impressed this time.the room was spotless and there was a huge flat screen tv, a double shower...but no bath...as for the food...excellentgift shop.....greatentertainment was spot ongambling...um i lost....[say no more]....but very friendly and helpful stafffree bus to and from the strip and also to and from the airport with very friendly driversbut please remember the room i stayed in was in the tower and not in the courtyard which is not the same.	
Sep 19 2007 	Do not recommend this hotel	If you stay in the courtyard rooms try to get a room on the side facing the freeway. They sem to be newer. Definitely recommned booking online as the rates are generally $10-$15 cheaper than any other way. We had an OK stay and the room was good. Liked tiled bathrooms. Also, since we were in a romantic mode, it helped that the rooms were very dark, even during the day. The only bad thing about trhe Palace station is their super slow check in ansd check out process and trhafact that you have to wealk a mile from the front desk to the courtyard rooms. Also, internet will cost you an extra $10 per day.recommend staying in the tower rooms for an extra $10.	
Aug 26 2007	Was ok when we finally got the room we booked...	When we got to Vegas it was great got off the plane and went to my aunties and then desided to check in to the Palace Station, we booked two room one for me and my fam and one for my mum and dads mates which was great untill they said that we hadnt got a reservation.. which we were like what the [--].So we went back to my aunty and uncles house and got all the paper work and my dads credit card statement saying how much had been taken off and [--]. When we got back to the hotel the women had gone and we asked to see the manager and they said we had got a reservation but were in the courtyard which we wernt coz we booked tower rooms, they said we didnt even tho we had the paper work direct from him which he said we hadnt which we could prove we did lol. So we said ok we will have the courtyard rooms for the night but would like a discount and the tower rooms which he said were unavailable till the new year. any way we stayed in the courtyard rooms which were a state for two nights untill he came to us and said he was sorry and that he had the two tower rooms for us now which were empty for the two night which were ours coz they hadnt spelt our last name right.when we finally stayed in the tower rooms we only had 3 nights left in that perticular hotel which we didnt mind it was ok but at least we got the refund, after all that bother it turned out to be fine, i would and wouldnt recommend this hotel if you get my drift hehe	
Aug 20 2007 	Palace Station okay for price but don't expect a lot	I stayed one night at the Palace Station (August 18). I had booked a non-smoking Tower room. Check in was very quick and pleasant, but no NS rooms left. I was given a very nice junior suite on the 21st floor - great views, nice room overall, but a smoking room. In short, the hotel feels older and tired. However, for $120/night, it was a bargain by Saturday night standards in Vegas. Only used the bar, no restaurant use. All of the employees were very nice. Hotel appears dirty and not well kept, including a box of pizza on the 21st floor floor all night long. The plusses include: easy on/off from freeway, good price, free covered parking, and a reasonable hotel in Vegas. We rented a car through [--] and got an economy car through SAVMOR - do not use them, very unprofessional and disorganized, and upon return told me that they would charge for additional miles, when my reservation clearly said unlimited mileage. You can easily use Thrifty, Advantage or Enterprise for the same price...and they are all located in the same off-site facility.	
Aug 16 2007 	Just OK	Arrived late on Saturday evening and was booked in very quickly and directed to our room. We had a Courtyard room which was not attached to the hotel and seemed more like a student hostel rather than the rated 3* hotel. No lifts, the carpet was poor and thread bare in places.and stuck down with duct tape!! The room it self was clean, however there was no safe and the hoovering of the halls at 4 in the morning was a little to much to bare!!! The Hotel itself was ok, the casino was adequate and the Irish Bar was reasonable, however would not recommend the Italian Resturant in the casino area, but the Mexican is well worh a visit. The hotel offered a free bus to both the airport and the strip which run very regular and was always on time, this service is good and would recommend as the area itself was not a area i would like to walk around. All in all the Hotel was not a great place to stay but then again how much time do you spend in a hotel room in Las Vegas!!	
Jul 31 2007 	Much Better Than Expected!	Vacationed in LV for one week, Sunday to Sunday. Based on the previous reviews, we opted for two tower rooms, floor 7, adjoining. Very nice, with new furnishings, no odor, etc. Clean, roomy, we got a king, which had a separate area for shaving, dressing, with all mirrors. The girls (2x21) had two doubles with a more standard bathroom (ie. ask for a king if there is only two of you).Parking is convenient, but every garage in every hotel in July in LV feels like the back of a bus exhaust, even when it's windy. Buffet was good, nothing special, but Grande Cafe was very nice. Prices are reasonable and food is great. I had the Philly cheesestaek and, as my waitress recommended, it was the best one outside Philly. Oyster bar=overpriced. Nice to have some fast food outlets, as well, for a quick snack.Location is very nice, in some ways more convenient than the strip, which has traffic problems in some parts. Yes, we rented a car, and you need it here, sice a &quot;Las Vegas&quot; block is similar to a &quot;New York&quot; block, almost unwalkable, particularly in the intense heat of a LV summer. It is on W. Sahara. two miutes to Stratoshere, Circus Circus and Sahara. But W. sahara going away from the strip has every kind of convenience that the locals use: shopping malls, restaurants, groceries, even Arizona Charlies with 24-hour bingo! And it's only minutes the back way to the strip hotels (use Industrial Road) or to Rio and The Palms, both gorgeous off-strip hotels. Seems the west side is by and large nicer than the east side of town. Best part is the hotel is located right at the I-15 interchange, so everything is only minutes away. If you stayed at Caesars, or at Planet Hollywood, for instance, it could take 15 miutes just to get to the I-15 because of the traffic.Casino was large, slots not as friendly as we expected, but the Sports and Race Book peopl;e are by far the nicest! Also, they had a roulette table, mid-week, midday, that had $0.50 chips and a $2.00 minimum, just my speed!Pool was, well, OK, but the sun was as strong, the water as wet as tat Bellagio. We saw so many shows, did so much, sunning wasn't our first priority, and only go out there a few days in a week vacation. Internet access was $10.00, but that's everywhere here, and think it's a ripoff. Movie was $9.99. Maids were overall fine, never ran out of towels, did a nice job.Yes, there's the construction noise, which stated around 8:30. I was up by then, some of us were not, and this caused some complaints. At check-in, they warned me and offered to switch us if was a problem. They also rented us a no-smoking room, warning me about a $250 fine if that was violated (it wasn't). The casino was smoky, so was evey casino but a few with vey high ceilings. Welcome to Vegas. Apparently it's the law that old ladies playing slots are required to smoke.Some tips: Buffet at Stratoshere is excellent, as is the American Superstars show. I loved Fab Four at the Milarcle Mile V Theater.	
Jul 26 2007 	Loved the new tower room	We flew into Las Vegas and picked up a car (Thrifty) and spent one night at Palace Station in the courtyard room. It smelled musty but appeared clean. I didn't feel very safe because the door was missing the flip lock at the top and it appeared the hall door to the outside was always unlocked. We drove thru Utah and returned to Palace Station for two more nights. This time I asked for an upgrade to a tower room. They explained they were redecorating the whole tower and workmen would be working from 9 am to 9 pm, but we took it anyway. We were sooooo pleased. The room was brand new, marble counter tops, all new cabinetry and furnishings. We had two queensize beds and the matresses were at least 14 inches thick. Two overstuffed chairs, table, desk, chest of drawers, safe and an actual closet. The hairdryer and coffee maker had never been used new carpet, paint, door jambs and new doors. You name it and it was there and all new including drapes and shears. I never heard a sound until the second day and it was just a light tapping from work going on on another floor. The rate was only $20 more and we look forward to staying there again. They also have complimentary shuttle service for the airport and 2 stops on the strip. Try it, you'll like it!	
Jul 20 2007 	Good Place to Be in Vegas	We were in Vegas with out a room to stay in and a little worried, 2 adults 3 teenages, the palace station had rooms, they are small but clean and suprisingly quiet. We could not get ajoining rooms so we had to get two rooms. If you prebook or get their early ajoining rooms are available. It was a good room,good beds, lots of dining options and located so close to the strip that it was not a problem. I would stay here again for sure. The room rates are excellent!	
Jul 5 2007 	The bad and the good...	We had to buy two nights at a hotel in Vegas in order to get a good price on the airfare. I booked the second cheapest hotel (Palace Station - courtyard) the package seller had to offer. Their rating was 2+. Anyway, I was a bit concerned after some of the reviews. I phoned the hotel directly a couple of days prior to arrival and was told by the reservations agent that if Tower rooms were available, we would be upgraded with no charge. She then proceeded to tell me there were 200 rooms available and that an upgrade was likely, but not guaranteed. So we get to the check-in and were told that Tower rooms were $20 per room per night more - no free upgrades (I told check-in agent that I was told they were free - did not matter). We proceed to our courtyard rooms (four children in tow, with all of our bags, in 100 degrees), past the dumpsters and loading dock. Decor and amenities were fine, but the room smelled like mold and was right next to the freeway, with bars on the windows. I wasn't expecting the Four Seasons for the price we paid, but this was more like a 1 star. I phoned the front desk and politely asked to speak to the manager on duty. I explained the situation and the condition of the room (again politely). She said come to the front desk and she'll assign us different rooms. So we hike back down to the front desk with all our stuff and .... we get assigned a beautiful tower corner room (a suite? I wasn't going to ask) with adjoining room for the children! THANK YOU!!!! We were pleased with the outcome. We did not eat in the restaurant, but hotel located near many restaurants and close to the strip. Another surprise - $4.95 per room per night fee for shuttles, phone call, etc. It WAS stated on my package contract - I looked at my contract carefully after informed at check in about the fee. Overall, the rooms worked out okay in the end, but I don't think we'll stay here again.	
Jun 10 2007	Worst Hotel I have ever stayed in!!	We booked a courtyard room in May of 2007. It was rated as a three star, but i wouldn't even give it a one star. The courtyard rooms are not even attatched to the rest of the hotel, the rooms smelled like someone had just recently died smoking themselves to death. I feel like i was mislead, the tower rooms may be three star, i don't know they didn't have any left, but the courtyard rooms should not be labelled as a three star. I would never stay here again and would not recommend anyone stay in the courtyard rooms unless you love musty dirty stinky moldy smoke infested smelly rooms.	
May 28 2007 	Not for Us Non-Smokers...	We booked a delux tower room for April 13-17. As always, we requested a king non-smoking room and called the hotel to verify the request. When we arrived, we waited 10 minutes for someone to come to the desk. On checking in, she left the desk several times to talk with her &quot;supervisor.&quot; After 30 minutes, we were finally given a room. When I asked about the smoking status, she stated that the room was a smoking, 2 queen room. When I stated that I wanted a king, non-smoking (or just non-smoking), her reply was, &quot;Everyone always requests that, but we never have any. 95% of our rooms are smoking.&quot;  On entering the room, the smell of smoke was the worst I've ever experienced. The room had apparently never even been deodorized, and the bed linens reaked of cigarette smoke. Since we had no choice, we went to bed at 3:30 am. At 4:00 am, the fire alarm began to sound with announcements to &quot;stay in your room.&quot; This continued until 6:30 am. At 8:30 am, I called the desk to request a room change (as I had been told to do upon checking in). The lady told me to call back around noon (after check-out). When I explained that I wanted the new room assignment prior to check-out time so that I could make other hotel reservations if necessary, she told me that I would not be assigned a new room until after check-out time. So, I finally got a manager on the line. After 4 long phone calls between the hotel and Expedia, we managed to get reimbursed for our future nights and paid $125 for the 5.5 hours that we stayed in this disaster of a place. We then moved to a nicer hotel (Mandalay Bay) and enjoyed our trip. Overall, I think this place is fine for smokers. If you don't smoke and want a king bed, this is definitely not the place for you!	
May 11 2007 	Just O.K.	I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in the beginning of May 2007. The outside of the hotel looks very dated, but once inside, the reception area is nice. I was placed in room 4020, which was a large room looking at the parking garage. I did not have any view towards the strip, pool area or other buildings. The room is a but dated and could use some improvement, but that is what you get for $69 a night. I stayed here because of a seminar which was being held at the hotel. I gambled a little at the casino, and won each time. I guess the odds are better at not so elegant of a hotel. The smoke at the casino was the worst. The hotel needs a better air filtration system, you stink of smoke only after a short time there. The casino is frequented by locals, who appear to all cash their work checks at the end of their work day. Very sad to see hard working people gamble their money away after just getting it. Eating at the buffet was also good, and cheap. The choices are plentyful. For those likers of In-N-Out Burgers, there is one across the street from the hotel, very good cheap food. The hotel is about 10 minutes from the strip. Most hotel on the strip have free parking for those who have a rented vehicle. I probably will opt for another hotel in the future, as this one was just not so good. *A bit of comedy. There is an ATM machine in the casino with an attached sign that reads &quot;If you have a gambling problem, call for help. Very ironic the sign is attached to a ATM machine.	
Apr 24 2007 	Very expensive for what you get	My husband and I stayed at the Palace Station for the weekend April 20-22, 2007. We booked a King bed, non-smoking suite. We paid extra for the suite, but when we checked in and went to the room, it was a standard room, double beds and smoking. I called the front desk to ask for a King room, but I was told none were available. My husband then got on the phone (with the same person) and all of a sudden they had a King room available. We did pay extra for a suite and the first room was just a standard room. Both rooms were smoking as no non-smoking were available and both rooms were really smelly. I used to be a smoker so I can deal with some of the smell but these were bad.I have to say, the second room was larger and had a whirlpool bath, but I feel the hotel tried to &quot;dupe&quot; us with the first room. Of course that experience left a bad taste in my mouth, so to speak.The casino restaurants and buffet were all excellent and great value for money, but for a nicer and cheaper room off the strip stay at the Orleans.	
Apr 19 2007 	Awful Dirty Place	This place is awful. They do not care about there customers.Its not even worth the amount you pay.so the saying &quot;you get what you pay for&quot; doesnt even come close to this place!We booked a courtyard room.We did not know they were going to toss us to the side of the main hotel and casino inti a motel 6 looking place. the room was very small. the carpets where dirty. the decor was very outdated and made the room depressing. they only have a small stand up shower! there towels were rough the worst!no elevators so you have to walk up and down the stairs no problem if your young or not traveling with small children. the vending machines are located on the first floor only! by the exit door. the main hotel and casino look really nice but I can not comment on the tower rooms since I did not stay in one. I would never stay here again. the pictures on there site are very misleading. no where on there site do they show the court yard side. and the rooms they show for the court yard are not anything what they look like in person.	
Apr 6 2007 	Friendly 	Stayed at the Palace Station in Las Vegas April 3-5, 2007. Definitely pay the little extra for the tower rooms. Room size is large, bathrooms are large. Room well layed out, and clean. The tower has whole floors that are non-smoking rooms now. The staff is helpful and efficient. But don't count of making much use of the &quot;free shuttle service&quot; they offer. It only operates once an hour and stops only at each end of the Las Vegas strip in very inconvient places to find again. We took the shuttle to the strip only once and ended up getting a cab to get back to the hotel. The hotel has lots of parking available if you do have a car. The restaurants in the hotel are very reasonably priced and the hotel gives you coupons for discounts at several of them. We ate at the Grand Cafe for breakfast (lots of choices, fast service and good food) and the Pasta Palace for dinner (again good service and good food).	
Apr 2 2007 	Absolutely fine	We were attending the annual Mini conference and this hotel was the designated 'host' hotel. I was fully expecting the worse and was pleasantly surprised. The hotel exceeded my expectations. Self parking was a breeze, access to elevators easy, no line to check in. We stayed on a high level in the Tower block. The room was lovely, large bathroom area, adequate room size, huge windows with a great view of the mountains. The only negative was the bed - - not comfortable - - they should invest in some good matresses and dust ruffles. The hotel itself had a Starbucks - hardly ever crowded. Subway sandwich, seafood restaurant (although we didn't eat there), Changs (Chinese) was very good. The buffet was a typical buffet. The one good thing about this hotel is that there are no horrific lines for anything. Easy to get in and out of the hotel as it is off the strip. Clean. Pool area was nice. The hotel is nothing fancy but clean, nice bathroom (has seperate dressing area), friendly staff. Would stay there again.	
Mar 30 2007 	Loved the palace people who complaint to much Get Out do us all the favor!	Hello, I think that the palace station is a great hotel with a decent price that goes along with it. compare to most fancy hotels in vegas, palace station and arizona charlie are probably the most affordable hotels they have, and yet there's so much to do despite its hotel size and price.I've been on Palace Station once before a year ago and have loved it since then. The hotel is overall great and their resteraunts selection are almost unlimited. I totally recomend The Pasta Palace. Besides a seafood resteraunt that they have in the hotel, the Pasta Palace is probably the most expensive place they have in the hotel, but well worth it. The only thing I didn't like this time was the buffet, I wasn't thrilled about it. The one that they have on Arizona Charlie was a lot better and their food wasn't blend and they have a larger food selection. Still, you can never go hungry on a Vegas Buffet. I didn't even bother with the Guadalajara Grill....Yuck! American style Mexican Food, Yuck! Let's just say that when you travel to Mexico, REAL mexican food tastes a whole lot better! Try out their Quesadillas! Yum-o! I was there in Vegas for about 3 weeks to celebrate my brother's wedding getting married to my sister in law, and we were in my sister in law's parents house in 3 weeks in a half and then stayed in the hotel (in the last days of our trip) in a Suite Room for 1 day with my bro, because we couldn't see the brides' dress before the wedding. Then on the next day when he got married, then I went back to my sister in law's parents house, while my brother stayed in the Suite room with his new wife for half a day.Overall, Vegas is a fun place to relax to see the familly and to go out to places, and when you need a good hotel with a great price, Palace is the place to be.Don't pay attention to the negative reviews, I do know the fact that the hotel is of above adverage quality and doesn't compare to the MGM, Caesar's Place, etc. but on it's own it's a pretty decent hotel and again there's so much to do. And yes, in the Casino room it smells smoky, and yes maybe the tub in the bathroom is a bit small, but for the most part I had a great time in that hotel and for those of you that complaint too much, go to a fancier hotel if ya wanna go fancy. For me, I don't go for the fancy, I look for what's convenient for the short stay that I have for the hotel and its price. Besides, maybe the ones that complaint too much didn't went out much. Even in a fancy hotel you'll get bored if you don't go out once in a while! There service is excellent and would recomend this hotel to a lot of people. Hands up Palace Station! Keep it up! Improve the buffet and i'll love it a lot more!	
Mar 20 2007 	Stay Away from Here!!	The airport shuttle only runs once an hour and they didn't tell me that in order to catch the shuttle I had to wait at a specific parking space. I waited by the large sign entitled &quot;HOTEL COURTESY SHUTTLE&quot;. This also happened to be where the schedule was posted for the shuttle. After no less than five calls to the hotel I was allowed to speak to the managerwho finally agreed to reimburse me for my cab fare to get to the hotel. The place smells like a 30 year old lounge. It is filled with cigarette smoke and there is no sanctuary from it. The decor is horribly outdated even though they say they recently remodeled. The great room rates are for the courtyard rooms which you have to go through an alleyway to get to. The courtyard building has no elevator so those staying on the second floor are in for a rude awakening. Speaking of rude awakenings the steam cleaning in the hallway at two in the morning was uncalled for. My entire stay here has been an endurance test. This place is awful awful awful awful awful!!!!! Find somewhere else to stay. this place is dilapadated and run down. It should be called a motel.	
Mar 17 2007 	Just Okay	The Palace Station Hotel is located conveniently close to I-15 on Sahara Drive. If you stay here, make sure that you stay in the Tower rooms, not the courtyard rooms. The courtyard rooms, are outside of the main building, a two story building that does not have elevators, so you must carry your luggage up to the 2nd floor. Rooms are very small, the bathroom has a pedastal sink, with a very small shelf to put toiletries. The shower is in the corner with ceiling to floor shower curtains, so water splashes out, making the bathroom floor wet. If you are 5'10&quot; or taller, you will have to crouch down to get under the showerhead. Dinner at the Broiler Room was very good. I believe that you will have a good experience here if you book the Tower rooms.	
Mar 13 2007	Lukewarm to warm experience	I just returned from a three night stay at the Palace Station. This was a girls' get-together reunion. Though it is located off the strip, the hotel provided a shuttle for guests to and from the airport as well as two stops on the strip (at the Tropicana Hotel and the Fashion Mall). We did not have to show any ID, passport or room key to board from either the airport or any other pick up points. The buses were clean with polite drivers. No cost but tips are accepted. We took taxis to most places ($10-$12 to downtown, approximately $10 to the closest outlet). We had no problem finding taxis as they are lined up right outside the entrance. We stayed in the garden rooms, outside of the tower. No elevators...so we pulled/carried our luggage up to the second floor. Some girls had the Bell service do that for them. The rugs were quite worn and dirty. However, I did wake up at 2:30am to the sound of rug cleaning or vaccuming! The cafe was 'okay' for breakfast and snacks... their $1.99 breakfast of 2 eggs, bacon, hash browns and toast is a good deal. We did have one dinner at the Broiler Restaurant (Saturday night). Since they were booked from 5p on, we opted for an early 4pm dinner. Quiet, good service, extensive salad bar and no complaints on their food. The dishes from the Oyster Bar were very good. Unfortunately, the casino was noticeably smoky. One of our nonsmokingrooms had a definite smoky smell. We reported it to the maid working down the hall, and she quickly had it taken care of. In fact, that room ended up smelling better than some of the other rooms. Don't expect pleasant views from the garden rooms. My room looked into a dumpster, and the others were adjacent to the freeway.	
Mar 12 2007 	Cheap and Clean- the way I like them	We found a great deal of $30 a night at Palace Station and booked it, but after reading some of the reviews, we arrived worried. We caught the shuttle from the airport to the hotel, which took abt 15 minutes and the driver was happy to give information as he drove. We checked in with no problem at all and was stopped on the way to our room. This was the beginning of many &quot;offers&quot; by all of the casinos in Las Vegas- apparently everybody is pushing time shares and are willing to give you free show tickets if you go listen to their speech. We were stopped entering every casino and also on the street for these &quot;offers&quot;. After declining the offer, we checked into our room. Although the room was small, it was clean and the beds comfortable. The bathroom was nice and the only complaint was the shape of the shower. The shower only has a small lip, as opposed to a bathtub catching water, and a lot of the water would spill onto the floor as the lip seemed too low. The first night, our neighbors were very loud and we asked them to be quiet and didn't hear them again for the rest of the trip. We were also unfortently placed in a room opposite the ice maker, which made a decent amount of noise but it didn't bother us aftr the first night. If I went again, though, I would request a different room. The buffet was very good; we ate 1 breakfast, 1 lunch and 1 dinner and the prices were low as long as you had the Players Club, free to sign up downstairs. I think it was $5 breakfast, $6 lunch and $7 dinner. We also ate the 24-hr-cafe and thoroughly enjoyed that meal too. Somebody else has complained about the room service- although we didn't order room service, we did ask for extra towels. 45 minutes later, they still didn't arrive and we called again. After speaking to a very rude front desk person, the towels arrived in 10 minutes. Somebody else complained about the smoke- the smoke is in the casino and surprise: in all of the other casinos in Las Vegas. True, it is a lot of smoke but it was in every casino we visited with the exception of the Wynn, which is very expensive.Shuttles ran every hour and we used them every day. I would suggest arriving several minutes early as they do fill up and once they are full, any other people would need to wait for the next shuttle. This happened to us once. I would definately stay here again and am considering booking my parents a vacation there. The only poor things were the shower, ice maker and slow towel arrival. The good things were the price, the cleaniness, the shuttles and the bingo downstairs. Suggestion: There is a $5 daily pass for a double-decker bus that runs through Las Vegas 24 hrs a day. To get to the places the hotel shuttles don't run, I highly suggest the bus. The trolley is more expensive and I don't think it runs as far as the bus.	
Mar 6 2007 	A nice Suprise	Date: March 6 2007Reviewer: Chicago visitorJust got back from a four day stay at the Palace Station. I felt I needed to report on my stay as before I went I read some pretty bad reviews.Went with my mother and brother and sister-in-law for our annual Vegas trip. We all had courtyard rooms, which though small were very clean and more than adequate for the time one spends in their room in Vegas. Since we all slept like rocks, I do not believe there was any noise issue. My brother and his wife are both over 6 feet tall and had no problem with the shower heads that many complained about. The halls were always clean, no room service trays blocking the floors like two years ago at the MGM. The staff was very friendly and helpful. In fact when my mother ordered oatmeal for a very late breakfast the waitress advised against it as it was late and the oatmeal would be several hours old. We ate several meals at the cafe and they were all very good. Myself I did not think the buffet was that great, but I tend to not like buffets anyways. The food was fresh and there was plenty of variety and the prices were great. However I would rate it as typical rather than spectacular.We took the shuttle only to the Airport when we left and again, no problems.All in all I would stay there again; we had a very good experience.	
Mar 2 2007 	Fairly nice but a lot of smoke	We stayed here Feb. 25-March 1. Be sure to pay extra for a tower room because they are much larger. The courtyard rooms are small and appear to be like a next door motel that the hotel bought. The smoke in the lobby and common areas is pretty bad, but's that part of the Las Vegas casino deal. The food was pretty good and fairly cheap, but nothing to write home about. Staff was very courteous and helpful. This is a cheap place to stay off the strip.	
Feb 27 2007 	Better than a certain 4 Diamond on Fremont!	My new husbandand I stayed at Palace Station after our flight home was cancelled unexpectedly. We had previously stayed at a 4 diamond property on Fremont which, while beautiful, lacked the service that I expect from such a property as I myself work in the hotel industry. The staff is friendly and competent, the rooms are very clean, and our tower room, a Petite Suite, featured a large whirlpool soaking tub and magnificent view of the Strip and mountains. The decor is a little dated, and it's certainly not the Venetian or the Bellagio, but for the price, I dont think you can go wrong. This is the only casino we were in the entire trip with a decent waitress-to-gambler ratio; even sitting at the penny slots we were approached and asked if we needed a drink, which I did not experience anywhere else. The food is GREAT- they have a better buffet than the 'other' hotel, at half the price, an irish pub and a FABULOUS chinese restaurant. They also have a free shuttle shich will take you to either end of the strip and another to the airport. Do make a point to stay in the tower rooms, however; the courtyard rooms are in a different building, a motel the hotel aquired, and are quite small, with not-so-nice seeming hallways. Didnt have the opportunity to view those rooms, but I hope to on the next trip and will give a review of them then.Ultimately, this is my new home in Vegas!	
Feb 18 2007 	Go anywhere else at any price	This hotel is full of homelss people, drug dealers and other professionals. The rooms are worn out, old, reek of smoke. All of us ended with bug bites all over our bodies. Run far away from this dump.	
Feb 14 2007 	Loved the Palace Station	My husband and I stayed at the Palace Station on February 17, 18 and checked out on the 19th. Check in took about 20 minutes, clerk was extremely friendly. The room was in the buildings behind the casino. There was no elevator, the building had two stories. After reading reviews, we were a little hesitant but everything was wonderful. The room was small but very clean, the bathroom was done over, the only drawback was there was only a shower. My husband is 6'5&quot; and the shower head came to his armpit area. The casino was paying and the buffet was wonderful. We would definitely go back to the Palace Station. Also, all of the employees were very friendly, cocktail waitresses came around all the time. Overall, we can't wait to go back to the Palace Station.	
Feb 14 2007 	Great Time @ the Palace!!	Stayed at the Palace 9 - 12 Feb, 07. and had another great trip. This is my third stay at the Palace and I continue to be impressed by the services the hotel offers The staff was great as usual and the condition of the property continues to be outstanding. You'll be hard pressed to find a better deal in town. Another great place to call home during a Las Vegas visit. Jacks Irish bar has the freshest taps in town!!! Great band playing on Fridays &amp; saturday nights!!! Transportation to the strip is great. Book all your shows right in the main lobby. Access to I-15 just a moment away. Food: Take your pick!!! several great resturaunts on the property.I'll certainly be back for another visit!Massachusetts Mike	
Feb 7 2007 	Good Value and Comfortable	My husband and I stayed at the Palace Station in January as we were unable to get any other accommodation as a big Electronics Convention was on. We stayed for two nights and found this hotel to be comfortable. Rooms were adequate and comfortable and the buffet breakfast seemed to be cheaper than on the Strip. The free shuttle to the Strip was good and easy to catch but they do leave exactly on time so don't be even a minute late! Being off the strip the hotel was a bit quieter than most others but the only issue is that it is off the strip and too far to walk. It is a good option if you can't get on the strip.	
Jan 13 2007 	I Want To Go Back!	Palace Station is outstanding! It is not new.It is not flashy.The rooms are adequate.The free transportation is quite good.The coffee shop is stupendous! One of the front desk people said they even come to it on their days off to eat. Great food! Low prices! Good service. A more than adequate menu. No haut cuisine...The casino has a Poker Room with reasonable betting limits! I want to go back!	
Jan 8 2007 	Comfortable Stay Great for the money!	We arrived in Las Vegas for a weekend trip on Friday night. Palace Station has a free shuttle to the hotel from the airport which departs every 1/2 hour, which was very convenient as it saved us time from standing in the taxi line and money, since it is free for hotel guests. We checked in the hotel with ease and were given a king, non-smoking room. The room was a little dated but clean and comfortable with a sitting area and whirlpool bathtub. I thought the walls were a little thin because we were awaked by a television at 2:30 AM the first night we were there, but the second night we slept with no distractions.The buffet has been remodeled and very nice, clean and the food was adequate. We got right in with little to no waiting for a seat. The food at the Grand Cafe was really good with a large selection, and I recommend it for a change from the buffet.The free shuttle to the strip, was very convenient and like the airport shuttle departs every 1/2 hour or so.We go to Las Vegas 1 to 2 times a year and have stayed at many on-strip and off-strip hotels. I think the Palace Station is a comfortable place to stay and very affordable. I would recommend it and most likely stay there again.	
Jan 5 2007	Poor Service	I was absolutely not pleased with the Palace Station Hotel. The front desk employees were very rude every time. One time I had called the front desk to get a confirmation on show tickets that had been dropped off at the hotels front desk and the lady who answered the front desk phone replied so abruptly &quot;There not here&quot; without even looking. I had paid $350 and was pretty worried that they weren't there but it didn't take long to realize she was just being lazy and didn't want to look for them. I had ordered room service after receiving a 25% off coupon from the hotel. They told me it would be charged to my room and I would pay for it at the time of checkout so I kept the coupon for then. However they didn't acknowledge the discount because the coupon wasn't given to them when I ordered the food. I had no idea I should have gave it to them during that time and no one told me any different. Also, I witnessed a man who had no seat on the shuttle ask the driver if he could sit in the passengers seat and the shuttle driver replied so rudely &quot;No&quot;. The man sat on the dirty floor the whole trip. Needless to say I will NEVER stay at this hotel again nor would I ever suggest anyone else to!	
Dec 28 2006 	Palace Station is Fine + Excellent Value	We are from the UK and stayed at the Palace Station just before Christmas (2006) and found it to be above our expectations (having read various reviews which had me fearing the worst). We had booked a courtyard room, and found this to be absolutely fine - clean, no smells and overlooking the pool, bathroom was fine too. The only downside was that it was lacking in sound proofing (as said in the reviews the walls seem to be on the thin side) - we got woken up by the next room occupant turning their TV on loud at 4 am! Because of this I upgraded to a tower room after the first night. These are also clean and tidy (again no smells) with a good view. I don't understand why this hotel was slated so badly - I have stayed in plenty of hotels, and, although this is isn't the ritz (which it doesn't pretend to be), it is totally acceptable. I found the staff to be very polite and helpful - again no problems at all. The food (we ate at the buffet) was also fine and seemed to be cheap compared to the rest of the strip (drinks included in the price). Unfortunately, The Feast was being refurbished so we did not get to sample the food there (apart from a free breakfast on our last day, where they seemed to be testing for the reopening), although I can't see any reason why it wouldn't be up to scratch. All in all, it was fine for our stay of 7 nights. The only slight bugbear was being off strip means you have to rely on the shuttle to get you back and forth (if like us you didn't have a car), which at once an hour to the strip and 2 locations an hour from the strip is a bit restrictive (especially if it is busy). I would thoroughly recommend this hotel if you want good value off strip accommodation, but try and get a tower room. Please disregard the reviews of others who slate this hotel unless you want to be pleasantly surprised.	
Dec 21 2006	Palace Station Hotel	We just spent 10 days in the Palace Station at a total cost of $320 then $4.95/night that is for the airport shuttle,strip shuttle and ym which is excellent value. The hotel is located off the strip but the shuttle runs frequently,always punctual,good drivers with lots of local info.The hotel provides a wonderful service,especially the food,they have an evening menu which we used many times,steak,hash browns,3 eggs,toast for $4.99,Jack's bar is a good place to take a drink,beers at $2 for a 16 ounce beer,and the chicken wings are such a good buy at $2.99 during the Happy Hour.We enjoyed our stay so much we intend booking again in March 07 when Rod Stewart is playing at the MGM,and looking at the prices they are similar to what we just paid at the Palace.Overall,excellent value,friendly staff,we will aleways stay there	
Dec 7 2006	Not bad but definately not worth staying so far from the strip	My mother and I stayed here for 3 nights. I was ready to go home after the 2nd night. First off, the hotel is really far from the strip. The only way to get back to the hotel from the strip is by taxi or the hotels free transportation. The bus is really nice except for that it only comes by the hotel once and hour and only operates until midnight. That means you have to leave the strip at 11:30. If you have ever been to Vegas before, you know going back to your hotel room at 11:30 just doesnt happen. The resteraunts at the hotel suck. The burger king there at Palace Station really sucks. My hamburger buns were really stale and gross. The casino is very very smokey. I have been many casinos before but this one was just gross. There is no ventalation in the hotel casino here. We stayed in the courtyard rooms which suck. These rooms are very very very small. We had 2 beds with about a foot of walking room between them. The bathroom was clean and the room was clean just really really small. There is no bathtub in them just a shower. To get to our rooms, we had to walk outside in a dark alley which was located between the casino and the courtyard rooms. When we asked for an upgrade upon arrival, the desk man at the front was really rude and said for $20 a night. I am sorry but for $20 a night its not worth getting a tower room. Do yourself a favor and do not stay here. Once you are at the hotel after 11:30, you are stuck. The pools sucked and werent very nice. The whole placed reminded me of a small motel 6. Being closer to the strip is a plus and I would pay the extra money for it.	
Nov 16 2006	Did not want to honor our travelocity reservation	I booked two rooms at this hotel via travelocity. Upon check-in the lady proclaimed, in a very rude voice, that she needed two reservations, not one, for our two rooms, and that &quot;travelocity had messed this one up&quot;. Needless to say, it was an online reservation, I don't think this is the first time travelocity had made a booking for two rooms somewhere. After the check-in attendant realized that shooing me away would not work and her supervisor happened to pass by, she finally relented and checked us in.The room itself was very clean and new. The behavior of the check-in staff really freaked me out though. I wonder if she had been waiting for a tip.	
Oct 24 2006 	This place sucks.....	I recently returned from a stay at the Palace Station and I can honestly say that this is worst hotel I have ever stayed in.The guests next door were yelling and screaming all night, conducted drug deals, had to call security, the place is worn out, and the front desk employees couldn't have cared less.You are wasting your money if you stay at the Palace Station.	
Oct 22 2006	Lousy Service - Dirty Rooms - I would NEVER recommend	Rude Assistant Manager at the Hotel - Room was extremely dirty and worn - so bad I was having an allergic reaction that's how bad it was and I wanted a refund - no such luck. I booked through tripres.com and that made it even worse as they won't refund either - so basically out the 50.00 and left with a scary memory of an extremely rude assistant manager who left me in tears as I was leaving the hotel.On a better note - got a gorgeous room at the Aladdin for 89 with a full view of the lake at Bellagio and got to see the water show from our room. What a difference - and right on the strip too! Plus they give you 20.00 free to gamble and some coupons - so with what I won on that 20.00 - it covered the 50 hotel room loss!Never EVER Again will I stay at Palace Station - that place is the absolute worst I have ever seen.	
Oct 17 2006 	Had a blast	I enjoyed my stay at the Palace Station. I stayed in one of the courtyard rooms that had a view of the parking garage, but beyond that I was pleased. The room was very clean and looked recently redone and well kept up. The bathroom has only a shower which is no problem for me, although I was concerned by past comments here about the shower head not being high enough for taller people, it was a couple of inches above my 5'9&quot; but I could see how a 6&quot;4&quot; might be inconvenienced.Both pool areas was very clean and attractive. I enjoyed the casino especially the low table limits. I loved that there was a Starbucks on site. The in room internet access was speedy and relatively easy to use, but not a bargain at $10.99/day.As for the restaurants, breakfasts at the Grand Cafe were excellently done and priced. There was a great steak and egg special for 4.99, but only from 11pm to 6am, I was up late enough to take advantage of it. The food at the onsite Grand Cafe and mexican restaurant Guardalajara were both excellent, the food at the the onsite Chang's was just average.If I could change some things. First would be no hidden charges - as others have mentioned - upon checking in there was a $4.95 daily charge added to my stay on top of what I had already paid. Make the shower curtains in the bathroom translucent or have some more lighting in the bathroom, the shower got kind of dark with the shower curtain drawn. The internet access is way overpriced.	
Oct 13 2006 	Great Value	My group stayed at the Palace station in May and we were all very satisfied. If you are looking for quality of a 5 star hotel please do not stay here. Staff: They were all friendly and very helpful.Restaurants: Food was good we found the breakfast at the 24 hr cafe the best.Rooms: Were clean nice, we were in the courtyard rooms. The pools are fine.Overall: We were looking for a nice cheap getaway and got it. The hotel is nice and clean. The shuttle service is great. We NEVER had a problem. It picked us up at the airport and dropped us off. It was always on time and they made room to fit people, but do line up early to ensue a seat. If you are looking for the quality of the Bellagio please book there because you will not be satisfied here. My next trip to Vegas I plan to return to the Palace Station!	
Oct 11 2006	Rude staff	Las Vegas Palace Station10/7/06Air conditioner not working upon check in. called front desk . someone did come up checked it tried to tell me it would not work due to the curtains covering the a/c.he lifetd the curtains said it should be fine. well it worked on and off that night .Next day it was off again. when I called I was asked didn't they fix it already ??? It never worked properly the whole time.Never asked on check out how was my stay. and if you stay in the courtyard there is no evelator you have to carry your luggage upstairs.The shuttle service was great as was the wait staff in the resturants the rest of the staff was rude.	
Oct 10 2006	good value for money	we paid 30$ for a night, the hotel was good, celan and the courtyard rooms arent that bad.the hotel is a bit far from the strip and you need to cross the highway, still, the rates i got where great and the hotel was fine.	
Sep 27 2006 	Great find!	My friend and I picked Palace Station because of the fact that it was less expensive than many other hotels. Both of us had been to Vegas, so didn't feel the need to stay on the strip.What a fantastic find! The room was great, and the amenities were fabulous! We had one minor issue on the first day, but the manager made up for it with a comp meal and late checkout. All of the restaurants were good - the buffet and Pasta Palace especially. There was a regular shuttle to the strip and the airport, so we never felt like we were out of the Vegas loop. There were two pools on the premises - both nice size, but one was quite warm (similar to bath water) and the other was freezing cold. So it was nice to swim in the evening, but not the daytime. That's our only complaint - otherwise really great place, and we'll definitely be heading back!	
Sep 23 2006 	Watch Out For Added Charges	While most of the Vegas hotels add a $1.00 per day &quot;service&quot; or &quot;phone&quot; charge, these people really stretch it out with a whopping $4.95 per day surcharge. If you, as I did, book through a source where your prepayment is nonrefundable, they've really got you!And, to add insult to injury, I noted upon checkout that they had added an additional $9 plus dollars for high speed internet. I didn't even bring my laptop. When I complained, the first clerk said the charge would stand as I had used the service (I had not!). When I demanded to talk to a supervisor, the charge was immediately removed. I guess it doesn't hurt to try.And . . . the buffet is decidedly mediocre. In past years I enjoyed the buffet but this time the food was prepared without any concern for quality. If you want to eat at one of the Sunset properties, go to the Sunset Station. Their food is prepared with quality ingredients and with pride. The price is much better, too. In fact, when I went to the Sunset Station Feast, the breakfast cost a bit under $5.00 -- a bargain!I stayed in two rooms. The first - a suite - had scum on the bathroom floor and was a bit dingy overall. The next one, while smaller, was neat and tidy. The only thing missing was a view out the window as it opened into what looked like an air shaft.	
Sep 4 2006 	Better than the Strip	We stayed at the Palace Station for 4 nights Aug 27 -31. We were booked in the courtyard rooms, very small but clean and updated with a large flat screen TV. The bathrooms have only a shower, no tub, but I like the tile work. Small but clean and uncrowded pool.We ate breakfast at the buffet twice, very good for the price of $5.99 each. We ate all othe meals at the cafe. Huge portions and good prices made a very good value. This place reminded me of how Vegas was 20 years ago before it got too crowded. We made one trip to the strip. The Wynn is beautiful but out of are league. That place is for rich people or those pretending to be rich. The rest of the strip is starting to look aged and dirty. It is way to crowded so it is not possible for the hotels to keep them clean. We had a rental car so we could go where we wanted. It used to be only the strip was backed up, now the whole city is a traffic jam. We drove to the Ethyel M choclate factory for a box of candy. This is still a fun place to kill an hour but I remember when this place was out in the middle of nowhere, now it is in the middle of town. Pretty garden area.If this is your first trip to Las Vegas I would recomend you stay on the strip. If you are a repeat visitor I highly recomend the Palace Station. Cheap clean rooms, cheap good food, low limits in the Casino. This was our tenth Vegas trip over the past twenty years. We will be staying at the Palace Station on our next trip.	
Aug 31 2006 	Urgh!!!	This place needs work!Okay, so we got a room cheap for a Thursday night. We weren't expecting much, but the basics would have been nice.Parked in a dirty, smelly parking structure. The front desk staff was rude even though lobby was empty. The entire place smelled like smoke. We were given a room on the eighth floor. We took the elevator, went to the room and immediately smelled a strong chemical odor, almost like paint stripper. We opened the door to our room and the smell almost knocked us over. We noticed the room was dark, but someone was in the restroom! We immediately closed the door, but it was swung open by a maintenance worker wearing a respirator. It really freaked us out. He asked why we were in the room. We explained that is what we were given. Almost like we were to blame.We went back to the desk and were rudely given another room. No upgrade, free drink, nothing. Both of us had headaches from the fumes by this time.Our next room was plain, lifeless. The beds were hard and the room needed a good cleaning. No view at all, unless you like the top of a roof. The next morning, we complained. The front desk folks insisted we talk to the security guard. He also was extremely rude and wasted about twenty minutes of our time. We were given an upgrade for a future visit, which is pointless.So, to some it up, I'd sleep in my car in a bad neighborhood before I'd give these guys a dime. Hope this is clear enough!!	
Aug 16 2006 	Deal-seekers Only!	Stayed at the Palace Station for a convention in early August - my 1st time in Vegas so I was very excited. However, I was very dissapointed with our hotel. Rooms:In the interest of saving money, we booked a &quot;courtyard&quot; room, which are in a building adjacent to the main hotel/casino. Didn't mind that there was no elevator, but handicapped/elderly - beware! Upon arrival, we were treated rudely by the staff when trying to explain that we wanted to leave keys at the desk for people checking in after us. When we got that issue straightened out, we went to our room and were greeted with the MOST disgusting cigarette smell I've ever encountered. The room reeked - the bedding, curtains, even in the shower!! The windows also didn't open more than 3 inches, so we couldn't air it out. SO gross for non-smokers. We were also not told we would be getting a smoking room upon check-in. Didn't want to deal with switching rooms, so can't say what the situation would have been like if we had. Room was very small and shower was definitely not spacious - also leaked all over the floor.Food:While the banquet food was terrible during our convention, the food in the restaurants was not bad. Service was friendly and quick. Had breakfast in the Grand Cafe and ate lunch one day in the Irish pub - both good values and the food was ok. Never tried the buffet, but saw it had afforable prices.Casino:The tables had cheap minimums which was nice to see compared to the bigger hotels on the strip. They were also less crowded, which made it less intimadating for a young woman to try her hand at some new games. Location:SO far from the strip - the shuttle only goes until 11:30 or so at night, so if you plan on staying out past that time, forget getting back without paying cab fare. Also no nightlife in the hotel. The shuttle also only ran hourly, so we ended up spending a lot of money on cabs. The few times we did take the shuttle were annoying since it only makes 2 stops and was always crowded - the Fashion Show Mall and the Tropicana - so if you want the middle of the strip you have to walk a long way or take a cab - defeating the purpose of a shuttle!!I would recommend for people not planning on spending a lot of time in the hotel or people looking for a bargain as far as accomodations go - however, consider the money you will spend on cab fare getting to all the places you want to see in Vegas! Also, you have to have a tolerance for cigarette smoke as my clothes smelled even after I washed them! A cheap deal, but wouldn't stay here again.	
Aug 4 2006	Inexpensive but worth it!	We booked the room on line and received a REAL cheap price for one night. When we arrived, we were given a free upgrade. The rooms are nothing fancy, but it was clean and comfortable. The clerk that assisted us was extremely pleasant and completed our registration quickly. Yes, it is not on the strip, but you can either take their shuttle or drive your own vehicle. Parking at all of the hotels on the strip is free, so there is no worry about where to park.	
Jul 23 2006 	Best Value in Vegas	My wife and I stayed at the Palace Station for two nights as we drove through Las Vegas. The hotel is located off the Interstate highway, about 10 minutes by car/shuttle from the main casinos on the strip. The rate of about $40/night (with taxes) was the motivation for selecting the Palace. I was quite suprised at the quality of the garden rooms as they appear new. According to the literature in the room, the adjacent motel was acquired by the hotel and those are the garden rooms, built around two swimming pools. The restaurants and casino were also well maintained. We ate at the buffet and 24-hour cafe and both served excellent food, although the wait can be a few minutes. The Palace proved to be an excellent choice and I can recommend it to other travelers that wish to have a nice room and surroundings at a very low price.	
Jul 21 2006 	Second visit	For the second time (the first was June, 2002) we stayed at the Palace Station. The rooms have been upgraded, but so was the price, haha. We would stay here again for several reasons. Access to the rooms can be direct through doors from the parking garage or parking lot. We liked that as we had some things we did not want to leave in our car and taking them in was easier than most hotels. The garden room had been updated since our last stay and was very nice, not large, but clean and updated. We like the casino there because you can gamble for less amounts of money and enjoy yourself.	
Jun 15 2006	Another Enjoyable stay	For the fourth time in the past year, I had a nice stay at the Palace Station. Being off-strip and a locals casino, it isn't the most luxurious hotel.....but it is certainly above average in all facets. From the time of check-in until I ran out for the airport to go home, everyone treated me very well. The restaurants are very good, from the 24 hour Grand Cafe to the Pasta Palace, Oyster Bar, Chang's....I just can't say enough nice things. I am what I call a &quot;low roller,&quot; yet I am always given comps. This trip included entry into a slot tournament along with my room for four nights. Today, I got a nice HAND WRITTEN note from my casino host, Toni Taylor, thanking me for coming. And, as I said, I am most assuredly not a heavy hitter! I am just always satisfied with this hotel and find no reason to stay anywhere else.	
May 23 2006	OK for Budget Travel	OK, Let me start of by saying that according to other reviews on here, the Palace Station is nearly a half mile away from the strip. Well, maybe so, but not the part of the strip anyone actually wants to go to. There is a shuttle, that runs everyhour on the hour, but unfortunatly we were only able to catch it once, the other times it was either full or it was just too late in the day. They should really have better shuttle service. We ended up spending alot of money on cabs, which was not so cool.Now for the Pros:Cheap tables, plenty of ladies giving away drinks-even at the penny slots :). The food was very cheap.Courtyard room was nice- very nice bathroom-good amount of space.Cons:Far from StripUnimpressive poolMostly senior crowdNo elevator in courtyard rooms.Shower in bathroom was very short, my poor boyfriend who's 6'3 couldn't fit under it.All in all, if you don't care to be right on the strip and you want a cheap place to stay- this is it. No frills.Good luck... next time were staying on the strip.	
May 16 2006	Great Getaway Weekend!!	My husband and I went to Vegas from southern Arizona on 5/12/06 for our 15th anniversary. We had reservations at the Palace Station Hotel &amp; Casino -- recommended by a friend. We got there by about 4:30pm on that Friday and after a short wait (very short) to check in, we had our room keys and were on our way. We stayed in the Tower room and we found the room to be very nice. The bed (which we usually have a hard time with in hotels) was awesome -- the pillows were small but very fluffy. Even though there are ashtrays all over the property, there are very few places that smelled smoky. The only real complaint we had about our room is that even though the air conditioning was running, it seemed like the air wasn't moving around very much.We ate at the buffet at the hotel for both dinner and breakfast -- both were very good. Not a huge variety, but tasty - and the cheesecake was excellent. Service both times was great - our servers were cheerful and very helpful. Didn't hover -- didn't abandon us either. All in all we had a GREAT visit (my first time in Vegas and hubby hadn't been in almost 20 years). The Palace Station was a very nice hotel -- clean and comfortable -- met and exceeded our expectations. We thought $100 per night for a room was a bit steep for off-strip rooms, but hey -- NO KIDS. That is a big plus. We would go back and stay there the next time.	
May 10 2006	Great Hotel	My husband and I were married in Las Vegas on May 6, 2006. We stayed at the Palace Station Hotel &amp; Casino from May 5 - 7. We had a great time. From reading the earlier reviews, I was a little worried about the condition of the Courtyard rooms. Upon arrival, I was greatly pleased with the clean, spacious room and bathroom. The room did not smell like smoke at all and neither did the hallways. I do have to admit- you're gonna need the map the first couple of times you try to navigate the hallways, but as long as you find a good route and stick to it, you'll be fine. The TV was pretty big and there was a nice huge wardrobe to hang up our clothes. We had a nice view of the garden from our window. I never even went near the pool - we had way too much to do - so I can't comment on that. But we did eat at the Grand Cafe, Guadalajara's, and The Feast Buffet. They were all great and we received excellent service everywhere we went. Of course, once inside the main lobby and casino, smoke filled the air, but what can you expect from a casino? And the stuff I read about the bedbugs? No way, everything was great.	
May 9 2006	Great for budget travelers!	We just returned from a fabulous weeklong trip in Vegas. We booked our package vacation online at a great price, $340.00 for 6 nights at The Palace Station and round trip air from Ohio. We did not use the hotel shuttle since we rented a car for the week due to activities we had planned beyond the Vegas Strip. As we walked into the hotel lobby we noticed it was a very attractive entrance, which set a great tone for the rest of our experience at The Palace Station. After a friendly check-in, we asked about parking our rental car. The lady at the front desk informed us parking was free, and it would be more convenient to park in the back lot near the hair salon entrance to get to our room in the courtyard. She gave a great map of the property to find our way. After finding the parking area we entered through the back door, and of course she was correct…our room was just down the hall. The courtyard rooms are very clean and up to date decorations. The only problem that some may see is that the courtyard rooms are very small. We had a room with 2 double beds, desk, large TV, armoire and a bathroom. The size didn’t bother us, as we didn’t plan on being in the room much. One area of concern was the fact that we requested a king bed, but when we arrived were told that all kings were occupied. So, we had to sleep in a double bed for the week. The casino area is rather large, but normally not as busy as the major hotels on the strip. We enjoyed the casino being less crowded and rowdy since the smoke smell wasn’t as heavy. The only restaurant we ate at on site was, The Grand Café. Excellent food at a great price! One recommendation is that you could split certain meals. 2 to 3 people could eat out of the different pasta dishes. The pizza is just okay. Overall, we had a great experience at Palace Station!!!!	
May 6 2006	Horrible Service	I had reserved a King size bed on AAA's website and when we got there they switched the room to two twins without informing us. Then we got to the room and it was a dump. We called into the front desk and they said they could put us on the second floor in two queens. We came back to the lobby, displeased, and found out that they had changed our reservation to one night instead of the two we originally reserved. Then we found out the room on the second floor was exactly the same as the bottom floor. We finally ended up paying $20 more a night just to stay in the tower. The second day in the room the hot water broke in the shower and that caused a whole other can of worms at the front desk. This hotel has the WORST service. The room was decent IN THE TOWER. The courtyard rooms are SUBPAR. I DON'T RECOMMEND STAYING HERE unless you like staying at a place were they switch rooms on you, DON'T put their guests first and like to play games with you. I was VERY UNHAPPY with the Palace Station in Las Vegas, Nevada.	
Apr 20 2006	OK hotel but avoid the courtyard rooms	As we were arriving in Vegas late in the evening and leaving right away the next morning for a road trip, we did not want to spend too much money on the room. The hotel was perfect in that regard. However, the courtyard rooms are really old, as they belong to an older motel that was acquired by Palace Station to accommodate their growth (according to their brochure in the room). Very 70's decor I have to say. So to avoid the walk from the parking all the way to the rooms (not too bad though) and to get a more modern room, try and get a room in the tower. We also tried the breakafst buffet and it wasn't too bad for $7.95.When checking in, ask for a card that lists what is covered by the $4.95 that you have to pay for room charges (even if you don't make use of any).All in all, good deal for one night, but I would rather stay closer to the strip if I was staying longer.	
Apr 11 2006 	Pretty good deal no complaints	A couple of buddies and I stayed there for three nights and it was a great deal for the cost. I had never been to vegas and I think I picked a good spot. The shuttle picked us up for free and goes to the strip every hour on the hour until midnight, course I stayed out way after midnight so a taxi was about five to ten bucks. When we checked in we got a upgrade to the tower which had a view of the strip and was very clean. From what I hear the regular rooms not in the tower aren't as nice, so I would recommend staying in the tower for a few bucks more.	
Apr 11 2006	Outrageous!!! Please Read!!!	If you are considering a stay at Palace Station, please promise me that if you do - you will NOT - I repeat DO NOT make a telephone call from your hotel room! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Palace Station in April 2006 and got a pretty good web deal for $49.99 US$ a night. We stayed for two nights - but read on... Like most travelers, we called home to let our family know that we got there safely. We called his parents for 1 minute. We called my parents for 6 minutes. Two days later when we checked out we got a telephone bill for $59.87 US!!!!!!!! Two itty bitty phone calls cost more than our hotel room!!! No where is this ignorant pricing posted in the hotel nor the room. In all fairness, it's not just Palace Station - all hotels in Las Vegas have outrageous phone charges - even local calls and 1-800 numbers have a &quot;connection fee&quot; and a base price of $1.00 per minute! PLEASE KEEP THIS IN MIND WHEN TRAVELING TO LAS VEGAS. Either bring your cell phone (watch those prices too) or bite the .50c charge to use a pay phone or get a prepaid calling card.As far as our room, we were scheduled to be in a courtyard room but were upgraded to a tower room at no extra charge because we asked and it wasn't busy. We stayed on the seventh floor. I'd highly suggest spending the extra couple dollars to stay in the tower because the elevator is right next to the lobby and casino. The courtyard rooms require a little walking to get to. Our room had a good view, the hotel staff were friendly, no bed bugs, large comfy room and the free shuttle to and from the strip was nice. The shuttle drivers were quiet and didn't make small talk with anybody so we didn't tip them - which we normally do. Keep in mind however that if you catch the red eye in or out of Vegas and you're staying at the Palace Station their free shuttle to the hotel stops at about 11:00pm or 11:30pm. After this time, a lot of other pay-as-you-go shuttles won't go to Palace Station they'll only go to The Strip. So, you have to take a taxi to the Palace Station and it cost us $24 US dollars. Ouch. Wish I had've spent the extra money to just stay on the strip. The breakfast buffet there is good and cheap $6 per person. The casino is small, will definately I.D. you if they think you're underage, and has all the games that you'd expect a casino to have. I'd recommend this hotel as long as you take my warnings into well deserved consideration.	
Apr 10 2006	So-So	Stayed here for a quick weekend trip through Southwest Airlines. The staff is friendly and I asked the front desk for a room away from the elevator, ice machine, and any children. So where did she put me??? In a room that faced the freeway! If at all possible, stay away from the courtyard rooms, but if that's not possible, ask for a room facing the pool. The room was clean and it looked like it had been upgraded. The shower was a problem. Very small and this humongous shower head that I had to stand under because turning it at an angle didn't help because of the size of the shower. Another problem was this convenient marble shelf above the sink. It came in handy to put my toiletries, however I almost hit my head when I was shaving.It's an okay hotel, but I'd probably spend a little more money and stay somewhere else.	
Apr 3 2006 	Good Deal	If you want cheap accomodations this is the place. I paid $29.99 per night on a Wed. and Thursday late in March. There is also a $5 service fee, but the rate still beats anything on the Strip.The hotel runs two free shuttles--one to the Airport and one to the Strip for most of the day.Everything is clean here and the TVs are BIG. I would recommend staying in a courtyard room because you get the best rate there.The hotel staff is nice. Some of the shuttle drivers WANT/Expect a tip, so just give them a dollar.There are lots of people in the casino even though you are off the Strip.In all the hotel is clean, safe, and quiet.Stay here before staying at on the bigger chains if you are on a budget.For example, I stayed at the old Rodeway in on Vegas Blvd. once and paid $45 per night for a room in which the TV reception was nonexistent and the sliding door on the porch did not close all of the way. PLus cab drivers refused to come to the Rodeway and pick me up!STAY AT PALACE Station!	
Mar 22 2006 	Nice but it ain't close to anything	I stayed at the Palace Station for a convention in a tower room. The room was your average hotel room with the typical amenities you find in a Holiday Inn etc. The room was pretty clean (it could have used a better vacuuming and a dusting) and I didn't see any signs of any bugs like some of the earlier reviews indicated. Also, I didn't notice a bad smoke smell (pretty typical in Vegas) but I was on a completely non-smoking floor.There is a Starbucks in the lobby and the Irish pub was hopping on most nights. It is a local's casino so you find the flash of the strip. And, fair warning, you won't find a cab either. I waited over 45 minutes for a cab and no one in the hotel would call one for me when I went in to ask. I was told, they come often, which wasn't true. In fact, several of our party reported the same thing, the cabs only come when they are dropping someone off. The casino says it has a shuttle to the strip but it doesn't stop at the full strip and when you have to get to one end or the other it isn't very easy. And you won't get anywhere NEAR the convention center (even though they say they are within 2 miles, it is on the OTHER SIDE of the freeway). If you have a rental car, then stay here. The price is right and the hotel what you would expect for the price. If you don't have a rental car, pay the extra money and stay on the strip.	
Mar 20 2006	EXCELLENT VALUE	We needed a room for 1 night to extend our Vegas stay and found this place online for $39.99 a night and we were a bit wary of how bad it would be for the price. We were amazed at how nice it was! Shuttle to airport saved us $20 each way for family of 3 so room was like free! Clean room with decent pool for price. Buffet was only so so. Shuttle to strip needs to run more than every hour, we had to wait sometimes.	
Mar 14 2006	very nice hotel the rela review	ok here is my review of the palace station. This hotel was much above the standards of many hotels I have stayed in.If you are young and want a party hotel this is not the place. Me and my girlfriend stayed in the court section of the hotel and found them to be nice and clean. The only problme we are smokers and we reserved a smoking room and got a non-smoking room.They offered to upgrade us to a smoking room in the tower the next night but we were so busy we just stayed in the room and smoked in it. This hotel had all the basic vegas casino stuff in it. bars, 24 hour diner, a couple of resturants and an oyster bar (which i liked). They hotel has a free bus that runs to the strip every hour on the hour till midnight. they also have a free bus to the airport.One thing i will warn you about is that the shuttles and tours do not like to pick up at the hotel for some reason (extra 10 mins out of there way i guess).the buffet : the breakfast buffet is the bomb, great Omlette guy called andrew making them awsome. All the basic breakfast stuff there eggs, bacon, pancakes a great deal for 7.99.overall a good place to stay!!! but like i said not a party hotel like some of the others on the strip.have fun Veags is great.	
Feb 23 2006	Great location and staff. Hated the smoke.	We stayed two nights in February 2006. The hotel has the best location in Las Vegas. Literally, less than a minute from the north or south bound freeway and off of the congested strip. If you want the strip, you are only minutes away. The garage parking elevators open almost into the hotel lobby and right next to the room elevators. Beyond a doubt, the most convenient guest friendly design of any hotel/casino. The rooms are large and modern. If you are sensitive to cigarette smoke you may want to stay elsewhere. The non-smoking room was nearly as bad as the casino. My eyes were burning the entire stay and our clothing smelled as though we were standing near a bonfire. The staff is friendly and the Mexican resturant is outstanding. However, the buffet is extremely poor and the restaurant had a bad odor. Bottom line is that the hotel is convenient in every respect but the rooms and buffet literally stink.	
Feb 10 2006	Palace Station - Great Value	I just got back from staying at the Palace Station 2/6/06 to 2/9/06 and found this hotel to be a great value. The price was $23. a night and the room was small but very nice, everything was new and clean. New 27 inch TV was in the room. Housekeeping during my stay was great. The buffet was excellent for the price. Everyone I came in contact with at the hotel was very nice and gave excellent customer service. The pool was nice and I used the gym a couple times and it was great. The only thing I would fix would be the internet should be free in the rooms not a ten dollar charge. I will stay at this hotel the next time I come to Vegas.	
Jan 23 2006	Great price and good location	Stayed at the Palace Station from 12/27-12/30/05. Room rate was $60/night and I was upgraded to a jr. suite at checkin. Room was on the 3rd floor and only view was the parking deck. Room was big and included seating area, king bed and a large bath. Decor and furniture are outdated but room was clean. Besides, who sleeps in Vegas anyway! On site food choices seemed plentiful but I only ate at the buffet for breakfast which was so so, the 24 hr cafe which was okay (service very poor, not enough help) and the broiler which was excellent. They have a Starbucks on site too. I like to play video poker and the Palace has a row of full pay machines where I won over $500. Can't beat that! Palace is coveniently located to everything as long as you have a rental car which I did. I've stayed here numerous times since 1997 and would recommend it for the budget minded.	
Jan 18 2006	Not bad at all	We chose this hotel because everything else on the strip was booked and it was the closest one we could find to the Convention Center (for CES). The room we initially got was decent on the 8th floor south facing, with a view, but it was so low that we mostly just saw the parking structure. Second room was on the 19th floor, north facing and it was pretty darn good. The room was clean, the view was great. The only concerns I had were that the room had a slighy odor like someone had been smoking (although it was a nonsmoking room) and the internet access was $10 a day, which is a little high.	
Jan 10 2006	Unbeliveable Price!!	I just had to take a moment and write about the Palace Station in Las Vegas! My boyfriend and I spent 5 days on the strip over New Year's! We stayed an extra day due to a substantial savings on our flight home and needed to get a hotel room for only one night. On New Year's day I went to the internet cafe of our current hotel to look for a room somewhere else. I had spent the last 5 nights at the same place and wasn't very happy but the price was fantastic over New Years so I couldn't say no. Plus my boyfriend had already booked the hotel almost a year in advance.. Anyway..... I couldn't believe when I went onto travelocity and saw the rate for the Palace Station. $12.50 for the night. This was for Jan 2nd. I said to myself.. It can't be that bad! lol So, I booked it! The next morning around 11am we left our hotel on the strip and took a cab over to the Palace Station. There were a lot of people checking out and they had top priority so we had to wait in line for about 15 minutes. We finally checked in and received our room keys. We had room 1526 (I think) which happens to be right beside a stairwell. Overall the room was very nice. Nice comfy king size bed, the bathroom only contained a shower and pedastal sink but was very nice and roomy! beautiful details and decorated very nice! I only had 2 complaints, 1) the room smelled terrible of smoke (was supposed to be non-smoking) and there was a TON of noise at all hours because of the stairwell beside our room. So, if you go make sure the room is non-smoking and request a room AWAY from the stairwells. This is an older hotel with a lot of charm. Ed at the roulette table was great! We ate lunch at &quot;the feast&quot; buffet and it was just ok.. If you are looking for a sizzler type buffet with average food then it's a good place. fyi.. the desserts were terrible! We decided to try one of the restaurants on site that evening and chose the Broiler. What an excellent choice. The salad bar is great and the quality of food is excellent! The lobster bisque is to die for! If you go you have to get the Ponchatrain topping on your fish for an extra $4.95!! I could have just eaten this as my meal!! Fantastic!!! My boyfriend and I ate sooo much. The bill was about $90.00 without tip. My entree was 26.00 but there were plenty of options around $18-$20.00 each, bisque was $5.99, calamari appetizer was $7.99, drinks, etc.... The service was great. Everyone was very attentive! The oyster bar would be another option but there was a very long line of people waiting to be seated and there were only about 20 seats at the bar... SO, they must be serving up something good!! :) It's very hard to fault this hotel when you only pay $12.50 for your room!! LOL I would definitely stay here again.. Not worth anymore than about $40.00 per night especially when you have strip hotels that are around $50.00. Hope this helps!!	
Jan 9 2006	Not Bad. Not Great	I stayed at Palace Station with another couple and my girlfriend. We got a great deal $50 for one night, as the second night, we were going to stay with another friend who got comped two rooms for the weekend. We got a room that was in the courtyard, which was fairly clean for the most part. The downside was that the room was hidden well inside the courtyard, and I got lost on more than one occassion, whether entering or leaving. Another downside is that when you go to Vegas, you want to be near the strip if you don't have a car. Palace Station is far enough that you should only stay here if you have a car. We had a rental, so getting to the strip and back was no problem. I can see how this could be a major hassle if we did not have a car. The hotel itself is ok and the casino has lower buy-ins than many of the bigger hotels on the strip. For the most part, we got a good deal, but I would probably try and stay somewhere else next time.	
Dec 24 2005	What an awsome place	this was trip number six to las vegas and by far my favorite, we have always stayed on the strip, but NEVER again, this hotel has a great cafe that is very inexpensive to eat at like under 40 bucks for 4 people. the rooms are clean and modern we stayed in the courtyard where are room wasnt huge but was very nice with a 27 inch tv the casino floor was nice with all the usual items they have a free shuttle to the strip and the airport, we will stay again and again what a wonderful place!!!	
Oct 21 2005 	Satisfactory overall	This was our first trip to Vegas, and our stay at the Palace was mostly due to convenience...my spouse had a conference there and the Palace's location made staying anywhere else during the conference a nuisance. For frame of reference, we're not into butt-smootching service hotels...we're quite happy with most Hampton Inns, though our preferred style accomdations are the 1 and 2 bedroom villas at WDW's Old Key West resort. Since we stayed on the Strip before the conference and after, we've no experience with the airport shuttle.Since we were coming from a Strip hotel (check-out by 11), we arrived well before the check-in time of 3:00. During the morning hours, the reservations desk gives priority to check-outs, so we wound up waiting about 25 minutes to check-in as people who were checking out, getting change, etc. walked up and received the attention of the 2 counter staff. It wasn't annoying until one of the women spent 10 minutes on the phone with someone...I'm sorry, humans physically present should take priority over people on the phone. But, we eventually got checked-in and our Tower &quot;Deluxe&quot; room was available.The room itself was OK. The bed was comfortable and there was a semi-circular sofa in the bay window area overlooking the strip, the mountains, and the block of low-income apartments (the area around the Palace reminded us of the Las Vegas you see on COPS.)The windows desperately needed washing. The room decor was a bit dark and drab, but nothing horrible and it was clean. The bathroom was well lit, with a whirlpool tub and a decent shower. There was a single cup coffee maker in the room, with coffee for 2 small cups...enough at least that I didn't need to get dressed to have enough coffee in the morning to get down the to Starbucks in the lobby.There is wireless Internet access in the room, but they charge for it. Not a big deal since we did expense it, but annoying nonetheless. The TV only had about 1/2 the channels listed on their guide screen...and not one premium channel. I know most people don't go to Vegas to sit in the room, but it would have been nice to at least get what they advertized they showed.We didnt' do the pool...we're not bathing costume type people.There is a bank of 5 elevators for the towers. Only 1 night of the 3 we spent there did we see security guarding access...and never during the day. The one elevator we called the Wonka-vator..it's a glass outside the building one, but it overlooks the COPS apartment blocks and in the distance, the mountains. One thing we were not warned about...the extreme dry air meant everytime we pushed the elevator button (or touched a slot machine) we got zapped with a nasty jolt of static electricity...enough to evoke profanity at times.Gambling at the palace was gambling like anywhere else. Jacks, the Irish Pub, was ok...comfortable, reasonably (not cheap, but reasonably) priced drinks and lots of TV's. Even showed a couple of NHL games...though watching them at 5PM is weird.The Italian Restaurant was good...not great but solid Italian that goes above typical chain restaurants but isn't so specialized that they would not appeal to more plebian tastes...they also had the only good crusty bread we had in vegas.The Chinese restaurant was very bland chinese...not much of the more exotic asian influences, but I eat in Chinatown most days for lunch, so I admit my tastes are much more demanding vis-a-vis asian food.The buffet was so-so. Breakfast was OK, but a decent value for the price ($5-ish). The salad bar was out for breakfast, and was pretty fresh and crisp. Dinner buffet, other than the salad bar, left much to be desired...food quality was akin to what i remember about college cafeterias and the hand dipped ice cream was runny.Contrary to one review I'd read somewhere, there are NO laundry facilities in the hotel, nor within normal safe-looking walking distance. There is laundry service, but it's the typical hotel expensive service. in fact, I don't think there are any laundromats in the touristy areas of Las Vegas, a bizzare concept to an east coast city boy.The shuttle to the Strip was very useful if you're going to the NYNY/Exclibur/MGM area or the area around the fashion mall. One that cruises the strip would be nicer given that it's often hundreds of yards between things on the strip, but it did save lots of money on cab fares.We did have two issues with the hotel. The first was room service remains sitting all day outside the rooms. The second was an erroneous billing from the Chinese restaurant to our room...while we did eat there 1 night, we didn't charge to the room and we wound up with over $200 in charges to the room that wasn't ours. Because we were checking out before the restaurant opened and every single accountant in the hotel was on break, we had some difficulty dealing with the front desk staff. However, a manager was finally called and after we discussed the situation, she quickly removed the charges from our room and offered us a late check-out. Our issue wasn't with the charges....transcription errors happen, but the woman who manned the front desk was not very helpful. All in all, we'd not mind staying at the Palace again if we had to go there for a conference. If we had to to Vegas, we might stay here if we rented a car.	
Oct 21 2005	gear holiday	we had read some reviews what seemed unfair.We stayed the week of 5/10/05.we found the rooms in the tower to be very clean we up graded as the couryard rooms were being upgraded,but we had alook at the courtyard rooms and they seemed fine,not as much room but clean,in all we have had a great holiday and hope to go back.	
Oct 15 2005	Very Accomodating!	This was our first hotel experience in Las Vegas. New to this fabulous and famous location, we had high expectations. When we arrived at this hotel; the service at check in was great! The room we were given, in the lower two level behind the tower was horrible! There was mold in the shower, the mattresses had valleys in them, the safe was broken, the room was very very small and it had a variety of odors mixed together. The maintanence man that came to our room was very apologetic and told the front desk, via radio, to give us another room. When I got to the front desk, keys to our new room were already waiting and the lady clerk was very nice and apologetic. We were upgraded, at no charge to a larger, more modern tower room. If you choose this hotel...stay clear of the &quot;Value Rooms&quot;. Since our trip in 2004, the hotel has remodeled that section of the hotel that we first were given a room in. We are anxious to revisit Palace Station to see the changes! The hotel advertised $19 room rates for those rooms in 2004 and since the remodel; have upped the price to $35 for a Value Room. My only advice if considering one of those rooms would be....If you are clostraphobic....don't bother, again, they are small rooms. They are better suited for single guys lookin for somewhere to store luggage, sleep little, and &quot;play&quot; in. As far as the dinning experience...the food was great and the prices were deffinately affordable if you are on a budget! But, I am sure that anyone visiting Vegas on a budget seeking Great Customer Service....give Palace Station a whirl! By the way, the shuttle drivers we encountered (free to 3 drop off points on the strip but, TIP YOUR DRIVER WELL!) were the most FRIENDLIEST, talkative, uplifting and informative people on our trip! God bless them!	
Oct 2 2005	Good for the money	My cousin &amp; I stayed for 3 nights. We had a great time. We did not expect much because of the price. However we were pleasantly suprised. The rooms were a nice size, the beds were very comfortable, &amp; the bathroom fairly good. The food was great pretty much anywhere you went. The dealers were very pleasant. The pool area was also nice. Not too crowded. We did not know about the shuttles which was pretty nice because you are a little far from the strip. All in all we enjoyed our stay &amp; would go back again.	
Sep 23 2005	The Pros and Cons of boarding the train	Just returned from a 3 night stay. Price was amazing ($79.00 for 3 nights including tax). I reserved the courtyard room (since they were just renovated). It took me 5 minutes to check in BUT 30 minutes to find my room. Due to the construction there is a lot of signs directing you to your room. The signs are not always correct espically if you are in the 2900's rooms. It was a large maze (no security cameras in the hallway) I could not find anything and to make matters worse there are staircases that do not go anywhere, I was ready to leave breadcrumbs so I could find it again once I made back to the casino area. The room was very nice and the bathroom was very nice, liked the walk in shower. Housekeeping was good, nice size tv with a lot of channel choices as opposed to other hotels. The location is poor but I new this prior to booking. Cab fare from the airport is about $27.00 including tip, a cab to Downtown is about $10.00 including tip. They do have a shuttle to the strip, when I went to board it was raining and when I boarded the bus driver told me it was full and to leave the bus and go back into the rain (not very happy). The casino bar staff was good, espically Amy who really did her best to keep my glass full.No casino hosts to be found. The restaurant choices were wonderful, food was very good. The pool is tiny but very nicely laid out. I would go back to the hotel but only in the tower rooms, it is worth paying the difference as that you do not have to walk very much. I wish that they had more security going to the hotel rooms, anybody can in and out. Casino is big and has many choices for slot players, many different types of machines.	
Sep 18 2005	Beware	We stayed here one time in May 2005. The rooms are nice and clean and on par with most rooms on the strip. A huge casino with all of my favorite slots. The problem that we had was , the day after we checked in we went up to strip for a few hours. When we came back to our room, we had been robbed. They took both of our tolietry bags which had my wedding rings, make-up, a couple of pieces of jewerly, all of our medications. The strange thing is, they even took my hairspray, and toothbrushes, and hair brushes which were just sitting on the bathroom counter.( Normally, I would never leave jewerly in my room without a safe, but in this case my hands were swollen from out flight and the room didn't have a safe, but I figured they were safer there than in my purse.)Of course, we immediately called security, which in turn made us feel that we just making it up. He asked us such questions &quot; Are you sure that you had your bags with you?&quot; Grrrrrrrr!! &quot; Are you sure that you didn't leave your bags at home?&quot; etc. I travel enough to know that hotels are not responsible for anything that you leave in your room and all that we asked for is a report so that we could report this to our insurance company when we got home.It took us 4 days and much pestering to get that report. It was on a hotel form and was never reported to the police, even though they told us it would be. I do realize that this sort of thing can happen at any hotel you choose in Vegas however, most hotels would offer a toothbrush and toothpaste in this case, however, not the Palace Station.If you stay here, make sure to rent a car. It is too far to pay for a taxi to the strip. If you are looking for less expensive accomodations, I would suggest The Orleans, or the Gold Coast. They both have shuttle buses to the strip and very reasonable rates. Of the two, I prefer The Orleans.Good Luck!!	
Sep 9 2005	Bargain	We traveled as a group, some of us got the tower rooms, others stayed in the garden area. The tower rooms were suitable while the garden rooms were awful. If you are going to vegas to gamble only, then this is the place for you. The shuttle bus runs on the hour and has 2 drop off points, put your walking shoes on! The buffet was a bargain compared to others and there are other restaurants there. The Grand Cafe (not buffet) and has a wonderful staff and is always open. Housekeeping needs improving, room didn't recieve extra towels as requested, glasses were not replaced with clean ones, clogged toliet took 24 hours to fix, etc. Praise to the cocktail waitresses who kept us happy. The casino has friendly tables and was a fun atomsphere to gamble in. For us personally, we would not stay there again, we like to to have that little extra something and Palace Station didn't have it.	
Aug 24 2005	Toot toot all aboard	After our first night stay at the hojo a no-no, we checked into the Palace Station. I had made reservation through the Station's website and had booked a room in the courtyard for 19.99 a night, My sister and her girls were joining us there booked their rooms courtyard rooms through travelworm. the check in was great, my sister was at one end of the counter and i was at the other end, we both were explaining how we would like to have our rooms as close together as possible, to our surprise they were able to upgrade our rooms at no extra charge and put us in rooms side by side on the sixth floor of the tower. The rooms were very nice, lots of space in the bathroom. the housekeeping was great, when we requested extra pillows they were there in minutes. I would stay here again, even if I had to stay in the courtyard.	
Jul 27 2005	Great Remodel Rooms	WOW! Palace Station is remodeling their courtyard rooms. We were one of first to enjoy them! What a difference and what a great job they did. I would now recommend them to all of my friends.	
Jul 24 2005	From Day One Loved Palace Station	I have been staying at the Palace Station since 1968. It was first called the Mini Price Hotel and then The Casino, then Bingo Palace, and now Palace Station. I first stayed there because of the name, Mini Price Hotel and we thought we could afford that. It was a small hotel with maybe 10 slot machines. I guess it was then sold in 1976 to the people who named it the The Casino. I still stay there whenever I am in Vegas, although my daughter now lives in Vegas so I must stay with her most of the time. However, I always play at the Station Hotels and would not go anywhere else. I just came back yesterday for a 4 day stay at the Palace and loved every minute of it. It brings back so many wonderful memories for me over the years.	
Jul 20 2005	Excellent Value for Low Frills	I stayed at the Palace Station on my Spring Break trip in March of 2005. I arrived early morning (coming from Detroit) and took the complimentary shuttle to the hotel. For everyone's information, I arrived in Terminal 2 which does not have a stop for this shuttle. I had to call the hotel to find out what to do. Palace Station should be a little more forthcoming with the fact that you need to be outside of Terminal 1. Check-in was efficient and friendly. My room was ready, nice and early, which was great for me. I would have otherwise had to lug around a heavy suitcase. The room was in the farthest corner away from the front desk. This was bad for the walking distance but great for a quiet nights sleep. The room itself was pretty basic. The bed was firm (big plus in my opinion). The shower pressure was good but maybe a bit strong. The television was nice sized and in a good looking armoire. It was extremely clean and I received towels, shampoo and soap every day. I am a poker player (serious) and despite being small, the poker room was good in my opinion. Every day that I went in the Poker Room, the knew me by name (find that elsewhere in Vegas!). The comps weren't hard to get. They use the Station Casinos card system. I dont play too many other games but there was a wide variety of everything in the casino including the betting limits.The Buffet upstairs is great for breakfast. Its $5 for a huge assortment of foods. The omelet stand is excellent. I also like the fresh fruit area. There were a large amount of dessert items to choose from as well. I like the Burger King by the Sports Book for a quick cheap burger. The Cafe was nice too. You get large portions and good tasting food. I had the baked chicked which was pretty good. It came with two sides and I was definitely stuffed once I left. The shuttle to the Strip is awesome too. It will go to Tropicana, then onto Fashion Show Mall. All of this is free for staying at the Palace Station.To Review......Pros- Just about everything. Clean, decent room, friendly check-in staff, good food and good comps.Cons- Website/Hotel Operator don't reveal location of Airport Shuttle pickup which made me upset upon arrival in McCarran Int'l. Might be a hike to your room if you are in the Courtyard rooms.Overall, I highly recommend it for budget or sanity reasons.	
Jul 11 2005	very dirty	rooms were filthy, woke up with bug bites. homeless people use the pools and hot tub to bath in, yes i saw it myself and security walked by this twice and did nothing. i am going to the doctor tomarrow about bug bites that are still itching. this is a very bad place to stay. please dont take your kids there. blood was on concret by pop machines for the whole time we were there. we all want to save money but this is not the place to do it.	
Jul 7 2005 	Horrid room - $5 fee at check in	Just stayed at the Palace. Have been staying at different hotels for the last 5 weeks and this one was absolutely the worse. Besides the fact that the $5 fee only shows up at the bottom of the page of Hotel Features, the room was small, smelly, shower head was about at my navel, noisy hall ways, and the front desk staff makes the stay one of misery. No one bothered to tell me there was a buffet upstairs, and it does not show up on the hotel map (you have to use the map if you stay in the &quot;courtyard&quot; rooms as I did, which are converted motel rooms, not up to Motel 6 quality and take about 5 minutes to walk to, and if you are on the 2nd floor, don't worry about speedy elevators, there are none.) All in all, this was a hotel which should be avoided at all costs, by the time you throw in the $5 extra fee, it was the same price as the Tuscany, which has huge suite type rooms. STAY ELSEWHERE....	
May 25 2005	Great hotel off the strip!	This major hotel and casino was a great place to stay. If you are looking for a friendly, well-kept, clean hotel off the strip (about 5 minutes), then book your next reservation at Palace Station. The rate we received was $129/night, considering I booked the hotel reservation 3 days before and it was a weekend stay. I called housekeeping for extra pillows and blankets and it was there in less than 5 minutes! The front desk was especially friendly and courteous. A standard room at Palace Station was bigger than your average hotel room. Overall, I am impressed by this hotel and would gladly stay again!	
May 22 2005	One great experience	Great hotel! I chose palace station as I wanted a budget vacation at the last minute. The breakfast buffert was great - wide selection to fit any palete. Also, I found out there is an express line for guests staying at the hotel so you don't have to stand in the long line.	
May 15 2005	Decent Hotel Stay	April 2005I go to the annual convention NAB and our company group always stays here. Its ok. Not too far from the strip. Rooms in the tower are great. The only problem I had was that their main restaurant was under construction and I did not like the restaurant they sent us to. I also had some loud obnoxious people in the next room but I called reception and they moved my room. Check in went ok this time. Other years the line is a bit crazy. This year they also have security by the elevators only allowing people up if they have room key. Thats great. There is alot of weirdos walking the hallways!	
May 13 2005	Don't stay in The Courtyard	We booked a trip thru a travel agent for ourselves and our elderly parents and were told how great the courtyard was. we arrived late at night about 10 P.M. from new york. after checking in at the very nice front desk and being told that the non smoking rooms we had reservations for were not available and arguing to no avail. and hearing that it was the travel agent fault not theirs and having two very tired elderly parents, we tried to find the only rooms they claimed to have. it was difficult to find parking close to the rooms and finding the rooms was even more confusing. the hallwalls are not marked well, the layout seemed confusing and musky smelling and old worn our carpeting. there is no elevators you have to climb stairs to the second floor. the rooms we small and only a shower stall and our room reeked with smoke. calls to the front desk did no help as we were told that the rooms we had were all that was available and there was nothing they could do. we paid $170 each for these rooms. we booked this this trip about a month in advance and feel we were told anything to get the business but when we arrived it was a different story with everyone just trying to pass the buck. the travel agent said it was the hotels fault for not giving the proper rooms and the hotel claims we didn't book direct with them it was the agents fault. the next morning we called the agent and told them we were leaving and they told us we would still have to pay for both rooms for the duration because we didn't live up to our end and if we canceled there was an additional fee. I would not advise staying in the courtyard. I would say the staff we delt with was 50/50 half were friendly and helpful the other half could care less. We left and booked rooms elsewhere and salvaged what could of been a very enjoyable trip . So whos to blame, Us for listening to the travel agent or the travel agent or the hotel?	
May 10 2005	Disappointed enough to warn you away	Just back from night (May 8, 2005) at Palace Station and upset enough at them to post this warning. Several months ago while staying at another place we wanted to do the buffet (&quot;$6.99 every day!&quot; the sign says), but there was a 30 minute wait on a Tuesday night, so we skipped it. This trip, one of the websites came up with Palace Station for a great rate of &lt; $40 for the night, if we booked immediately, so we did. Upon checkin we were told we had no choice but to pony up another $4.95 &quot;hotel fee&quot;, which felt pretty tacky. The cheap rooms are hidden out back, basic but acceptable, nothing fancy or awful, just like Motel 6. At the desk we were told the buffet was open until 10 pm... We showed up at 8:58 and were rudely informed we had two minutes. OK, let's eat there anyway. What, $25 for two people? &quot;It's Mother's Day.&quot; We left in disgust. -- Perhaps you get what you pay for (or not), but we would avoid this place again because of these negative vibes.	
May 6 2005	Bed bug infestation	This hotel has a serious bed bug problem. Everyone in our group awoke with red bites all over their bodies. The front desk denied anything was wrong yet everyone in the lobby is talking about it. GROSS. This is a very low class, bad clientelle establishment. Run to another hotel...at any price	
May 2 2005	Better off at the Motel 6	Made the mistake of booking this hotel for a family reunion. Having stayed at other Station hotels (Sunset Station and the Fiesta) we were expecting much better. Our entire group of 36 people were put in &quot;courtyard&quot; rooms, which were nothing more than boxes with views of the dumpsters. The rooms were small and shabby, the floor boards squeaked and rattled when you walked in front of the bed (even my two year old niece could make the armoire rattle), and the curtains would not close entirely. Stains in the toilet and the grout was dirty. Not sure what the tower rooms were like, but you would think that a well know casino chain would maintain some sort of overall standards. Not the case.Even a Motel 6 provides an iron and ironing board as well as a coffee maker -- no such &quot;luxuries&quot; to be found at the Palace Station. Look elsewhere for a good deal in Vegas -- this may have been &quot;cheap&quot;, but it wasn't a deal!	
May 1 2005	Food good room bad	I stayed here May 26 and 27 2005. The room in the courtyard area was very small, had no refrigerator, no tub, limited TV channels, no coffee maker and seemed old and not keep up to date. However the casino and food were good. The buffet was great for the money and the Irish pub was very comfortable. Be prepared for a $4.95 extra charge per night.	
Apr 26 2005 	Smokers Paradise	If you have even the slightest issue with cigar and cigarette smoke, don't stay here. I was given a courtyard room with a lovely view of the dumpsters and the freeway. My room smelled so badly of smoke I felt I was sleeping in an ashtray. The rooms are very tiny and hardly can fit the bed and television. The bathrooms were clean but then I discovered several hairs in the towels and called and asked for my room to be cleaned again. I had requested a refridgerator for my room for medical reasons, I was hoping it was in the room when I checked in, but discovered it was not. After 4 calls to the front desk, it was finally brought in. Thankfully I wasn't charged for it because it was really not worth the hassel. By the end of my 3 day stay, I was so sick with congestion and hayfever from the smoke in the room, restuarants and casino that I couldn't wait to get home. Once home I opened my suitcase and the smell had permeated everything in the case. I had to laundry everything and set the suitcase outside to air out the smell. On the upside, the restaurants had very good selection and were adequately priced. It would be beneficial for the hotel to have a sundries shop for things such as asprin, claritin, etc. as I searched all over for something for my congestion and ended up borrowing something from another guest. For $30.00 a night in the courtyard, you get what you pay for. I have learned my lesson and will not stay here again.	
Apr 19 2005	Palace Station was just so so for me	My problem with the Palace station was not about the appearance or upkeep but the service we received. I stayed at Palace Station from 4/14-4/17/05. As far as appearance, our room was spotless (especially the bathroom) and pretty well kept. The curtains look like they could use replacing though. We had a room in the tower which you will definitely want to spring for because the courtyard from what i saw and heard is not the place to be. Granted we weren't in the room but for maybe 6 hours each day but we still expected it to be comfy.The casino and hallways smell kind of old but the gaming is cheaper than most casinos if you play the tables. Beware of the way certain websites describe the location of the hotel. They may say it's right off the strip (which is true) but they don't tell you that it is across the HIGHWAY and there is no way to walk to the strip. There is, however, a shuttle that runs promptly every hour to the strip from the hotel. The food in the hotel is pretty good and reasonably priced. there is one cafe open 24 hours too. Now, on to my complaint. When we checked in, we were told that our room had been upgraded to a suite as a courtesy.... for one day. After that night we were to check out and check back in to a standard tower room. I called the front desk to find out if we could stay in the suite rather than pack back up, take our luggage back to the lobby, check out and then check back in. They said no. I said well how about if I pay the difference of the standard room... they informed me that would be an extra $220 per night. So i explained to them &quot;what part of this upgrade is a courtesy? because it's more of an inconvenience to me&quot; There only rebuttal was &quot;but you were given a suite&quot; like that was supposed to mean something to me. They would not accomodate or compromise with me. SO, when we checked out the following morning so that we could check back in, i was told that there were no standard rooms ready and to just stay in the suite until 1:30PM when the other room had been cleaned. Back upstairs we go with our luggage. Finally we were able to check into the standard room which we liked better than the suite anyway. For this reason, teamed with the fact that the hotel is off the beaten path, I will not be staying here anymore. I'm not a picky person but bad customer service is a no no in my book.	
Apr 17 2005	Can't complain for $30 bucks!	We stayed at the Palace Station Hotel after comparing rates and seeing this was by far the best value for your money. Why do people complain when they only pay about 30 bucks for a Vegas room? The staff at the front desk was very friendly and service was quick. We did end up getting a courtyard room, but who cares when you are hardly there anyway? If you are going to complain about your room, you are simply spending way too much time in it. Come on, you're in Vegas! Get out of your room! The room was very clean and nicely decorated. I was specifically impressed with the bathroom, it was spotless and well stocked. I thought the overall quality of the room was excellent for the price I paid. There is even a Starbucks in the Casino. The parking was secure and I felt comfortable and safe. Gaming is also so much fun there. Do try the craps there. I had never played that and the dealer was so patient and courteous. I ended up having a great time. I will definitly stay at the Palace Station again. I will admit one thing though... We stayed for three days and in those three days we still do not know how we got to our room, especially after a long night of partying. It's like a rat maze! We were placing bets to see who coud find the room first. So don't get mad, have fun with it!	
Apr 13 2005	Read This Before You Book	We have stayed at Palace Station three times. The first two times, we booked a cheap rate directly with the hotel and were put into courtyard rooms. Both times we complained about the quality of the rooms and we were moved into the tower(at no extra charge) because they said they had tower rooms available. The last time, we booked thru a very well known online travel site and when we complained about our courtyard room, the front desk said that we could not change unless we paid extra and that we should complain to the company that we booked with. The courtyard building and rooms are very old and not in good shape. Do not pay more than $30(Sun thru Thur) for these rooms and only book thru the hotel. For value on the strip try Excalibur, Sahara, Imperial Palace or Circus Circus.	
Apr 13 2005	Worth a visit	We stayed in courtyard room, and if you dont mind a motel 6 quality room there you go. we dont care for Palace Station buffetts, so we ended up eating Boulder Station and Texas Station.	
Apr 11 2005	I love it here	I think the Palace Station is great. I had gambled here before, but I stayed here for the first time Jan 2005. They gave us a room right by the pool. And the room was NICE, I was surprised. HUGE king bed, tastefully furnished, etc. Check in was fast and they let us check in at 1pm even tho check in time officially starts at 3pm. They are off strip but have a shuttle that goes to the strip every hour. Their slot club is also pretty generous, my 3 days there were comped and that was after only being there twice before. I also got $15 vouchers for food from the pit bosses every time I asked for them. The food at the Oyster Bar is fantastic.	
Mar 21 2005	Where is a wrecking ball when you need one!	Booked at Palace Station for a weekend. Got there at 10 pm in the middle of a rainstorm. Went to the front desk and was assigned a CourtYard room. Rather than walk across the parking lot to get there, we lugged our baggage for what seemed like forever thru the entire casino, to reach the Courtyard section which was then, another maze of ramps and turns.The clientele looked rather rough. A lot of people were there dragging children around. Some looked as young as 2 or 3 years old.... (going on 11pm now). Why anyone would bring their kids into a casino is beyond me!We had to squeeze past a few people in electric skooters, wearing oxygen tubes as they puffed away on cigarettes. The air in there was absolutely overwhelming. We were gagging.Don't get me wrong. We smoke! This was unreal, though.By the time we got to our room, exausted, we smelled like an ashtray from the thick cigarette smoke permeating the entire place. The casino had no ventilation. The Courtyard hallways were no better. We dodged buckets on the floor, collecting rain dripping thru the ceilings. Throughout the casino and Courtyard, the carpet was squishy and nasty. It actually smelled like sewage. The room was small and overlooked the dumpster. I opened the window. The smell of trash and rotting garbage was sickening. The phone in the room was not turned on. I used my cell phone to call (long distance for me) to the front desk. I was told we could change rooms... for an additional charge. Instead, we checked out. We went across town to Boulder Station. (Same company)It is newer, nicer, quieter and costs the same or less. The people at Palace Station cancelled the charge and transferred everything over to Boulder with no problems.Enroute to the front desk we stopped at the Rewards Center because we got lost in the twisting maze of a layout. The man working there apologized profusely for our inconvenience and offered us a T-Shirt and a money clip. The staff there was very nice.I have no problem with the staff, location or price at Palace. But the Courtyard rooms are really REALLY dumpy and there is NO ventilation in the casino. It was like smoking a carton of cigarettes, just walking thru the building. We were getting physically ill over it. It's really gross.	
Mar 18 2005	Very nice place to stay(inexpensive)	I have been to Las Vegas 10x over the past 7 years and have stayed at the Palace Station everytime (twice in the tower rooms), All of my stays were great. There pools are clean as well as their rooms,. The staff and employees are very kind and friendly. I have been recently going 2 to 3x a year. Looking forward to my next trip April 19 to 26 2005.	
Mar 17 2005	Good hotel worth the money	I stayed at the Palace Station on Sunday March 6 05 to Friday March ll,05 and liked the hotel and atmosphere. Quiet, clean, comfortable and the special at the time was $29.99 a night. I stayed in one of the &quot;courtyard&quot; rooms (I had stayed in one before) Most of these rooms are showers only, no tub..I stayed here one time in the tower room and these are newer and has tub and shower and internet connection through the TV.(very useful) I was upgraded to the tower room without asking at that time. This hotel is about a mile off the Strip and isn't very handy to &quot;walk&quot; to the strip but they do have a shuttle to take guests to the strip. I always rent a car so didn't use the shuttle...personel at the hotel are friendly and helpfull...Rooms kept clean daily....I usually stay here when I cannot get a Special price room on the strip and most likely will continue to do so as I have been very satisfied with the hotel.......	
Mar 8 2005	Pop for the Tower rooms	Unless you are on a budget, pop the extra $$ and stay in the Tower rooms. We had a 2nd floor Courtyard room. There don't appear to be any elevators for the Courtyard section, just stairs. Also, it is an absolute warren....all weekend long we passed puzzled folks standing in front of the floor plans hung on the walls, or wandering around with their paper maps trying to find their rooms. Why are there so many little ramps going up and down all over the place? Who on earth designed these buildings?Also, I see a lot of people exclaiming about the great values they got - some of the prices mentioned in these reviews were indeed great bargains! However, we paid over $90 for our Courtyard room, which we felt was no particular bargain. It was dingy and rather too small for the furniture which was placed in it.Staff was uniformly pleasant and helpful, drinks were cheap, restaurants perfectly satisfying (if nothing special). The Irish pub was fun.The Palace Station is heavily frequented by the elderly, and by people who have mobility challenges. Which makes the inaccessibility of the Courtyard rooms even more worrisome. If you have trouble getting around for whatever reason, or if you have a lot of luggage or a stroller, do yourself a favor and book into the Tower rooms, which are accessible by elevator. I mention this because I couldn't find any reference to this on their website!	
Mar 5 2005	Frequent Visitor	Am amazed that people don't like Palace Station. We have stayed there for years....both Courtyard and Tower rooms. They have always been clean and well maintained. We have never had a meal in any one of their many restaurants that we didn't like. The staff is exceptional. Any problem or concern was immediately addressed to our satisfaction. If you want to spend a fortune for your room....stay on the Strip. We have stayed in many of those hotels....and always end up back at Palace Station.It's a best buy and we are going back again in May. Why are you spending so much time in your room?????	
Feb 26 2005	Bring your earplugs!	We stayed at the Palace Station Feb. 11-14, 2005 based on hearing from friends that it was a good value hotel. When we drove up, the hotel looked very nice, and I remarked that I was surpised that such a nice place was so affordable! Well, now I know why! We were assigned to the back low rise building that backs on to the freeway. Nowhere on expedia did it say there's a possibility we'd be relegated to this dive on the back part of the parking lot. The interior was OLD, our room was dusty...everytime I moved, dust was flying off the nitestands. We could hear traffic whizzing by on the freeway even with our TV on. The walls were paper thin...we couldn't hear our TV program, but we could hear the entire TV program they were watching next door!  It was like being in the same room! I could hear the entire phone conversation the lady on the other side of us had in the morning, and believe me, she wasn't shouting! Service was atrocious as well. When we complained about the noise and condition of our room, we were told there was no rooms in the main building. They offered to move us to a different room, slightly further from the freeway (and said, if we didn't like that option, then tough! &quot;Go complain to Expedia&quot;). By the time my husband walked back to ask me if I wanted to move, they called to say that they had accidentally already given out our current room to someone else, and that any second a stranger would be trying to get into our room with a functioning key, even though we hadn't decided to vacate yet! All in all, my husband had to make 4 trips to the front desk (all walking through the parking lot, I might add), including 2 trips to complain that our room phone hadn't been switched on for outside calls, despite the fact that we had paid extra already to do so! Even this matter, required 2 trips and several calls to the front desk before they got it right! Believe me, we wanted our phone to be working, as we spent the next couple of hours calling around to move to another hotel!	
Feb 17 2005	The Palace is right for the price	Stayed at the Palace during January, 2005 (on the 17th floor) and found it to be quite good for the cost. My room was clean, quiet, and large enough to be comfortable. The bathroom was especially clean and large.Not sure where some of the bad reviews are coming from. I suspect it is from ignoring cost and comparing Palace to some of the luxury strip properties.	
Feb 6 2005	Lax Security	Stayed at hotel during New Year's. Rooms were in courtyard and were okay. Found the casino security to be to lax in allowing children into casino. There were even children playing slot machines and no security. Otherwise hotel was good for the price.	
Feb 3 2005	Beware of the Courtyard	I was verydisappointed when I checked into the Palace Station. I wish I would have read the reviews before making my reservation. The virtual tour shows a beautiful hotel and rooms but when you check in you're told your room is in the &quot;Courtyard&quot;. My idea of a courtyard is a room with a small patio but their idea of a courtyard is something else. Its a separate building, 2 story, (no elevator), very old, drab and musty. Our view was of the wall of the main hotel. The bathroom was dirty and dingy. A word to the wise, before making your reservations, find out what the hotel's description of their rooms really means. My grandson just moved to Vegas so I will be making many long weekend trips. I will be doing lots of research before making my next reservation. P.S. If I had taken pictures of the room I would have included them in my review, but I didn't want to waste the film.	
Jan 13 2005	Repeat Customer who is happy with the Palace	My last stay at Palace Station was Nov 21 to 30, 2004.I have stayed at the Palace at least 10 times in the past 7 years. Always take a courtyard room and only once did I have a &quot;bad&quot; room. (noisy -- near the delivery area). I called the front desk right away and my room was changed within an hour.I've never had a dirty room. Always find the staff pleasant and helpful.I just do not understand so many negative remarks about this hotel.	
Jan 7 2005	Avoid the Courtyard!	Buyer beware. None of the photos advertised on Web Specials are representative of the &quot;Courtyard&quot; rooms at the Palace Station. You are looking at &quot;Tower Rooms&quot; which will cost you 6x more once you get to the hotel (and you will want to change). The &quot;Courtyard&quot; is actually in a separate building - and what a sad building it is. This is really a trick, and they got me on a 5 day reservation. Unless you're used to staying in a dump, stay away from anything that says &quot;Courtyard&quot; rooms at this hotel. The rest of the hotel, casino and restaurants are o.k.; &quot;Tower Rooms&quot; are nice. Stay away from the &quot;Courtyard&quot;.	
Jan 3 2005	They rip you off as you check in!	This place has really gone downhill in the last few years. It used to be one of our (wife and myself) favorite places to visit in Vegas. I pre paid my stay last week (12/29/04) and was suprised at the front desk when they told me they were going to charge another 4.95 per night for &quot;other services&quot; (exercise room, covered parking, telephone in room). This is some marketing guys scam dream. They tack on this phony charge rather than just raising their rates. I hope it is worth it to them to lose me as a customer and anyone else I can steer away from this clip joint. (By the way, the place is falling apart at the seams)Additionally, I am not very happy with Expedia accepting pre-payment for places like this that rip you off once you show up. I would prefer that they drop them as partners.	
Dec 29 2004	Love Palace Station	I stayed at the Palace Station on a recent trip to Vegas and it was a very nice experience. The price is right, the location is not far from the strip, the Hotel shuttle will take you to the strip, or the local bus stops right in front of the hotel. This hotel is for people on a budget, the room are clean and comfortable. If you looking for a 5 ***** hotel then stay on the strip and pay big $$$$. Why pay big $$$ when your time in the room is limited. If you want a real nice value and a friendly staff this is the place.	
Dec 25 2004	Great Value	My wife and I just came back from a three days trip to Las Vegas. We stayed at the Palace Station because of the promotion. We had a wonderful time there.When I booked the hotel online, I was a little bit apprehensive after reading user reviews of Palace Station. Previous user reviews either highly recommend it or hate it. From what I read, those who stayed at the tower tend to give better reviews, while those who stayed at the courtyard tend to dislike it.When we checked in, we were assigned to a hotel room at the tower.Sure enough, the room was spacious and clean. Nothing fancy, just plain basic hotel. One of the things that I found less than satisfactory is that the wall between hotel rooms was rather thin. You can hear the noise from the neighboring hotel rooms clearly, and we happened to be neighboring a group of rowdy youngsters. Another thing is that they automatically charge you something like five dollars to your bill for local phone calls and other stuff. But they do give you a five dollar credit coupon in return if you choose to sign up for their club card. By the way, they have only about a dozen channels on their cable.Overall, we found Palace Station a great value. We would definitely stay there again without hesitation.	
Dec 23 2004	Awful	I stayed here for a business trip/class. I opted for the &quot;suite&quot;. The curtains are stained and barely hanging, the towels are very thin, the television was set up in such a way you couldn't watch it from your bed. The entire place smelled of smoke. The front desk was rude. My friend had requested a non-smoking room, was given the handicapped smoking room, which smelled heavily of smoke. The next day they had promised to change my friends room and the following day when the request was made again, she had to argue to get the room changed and when she entered into her &quot;new&quot; room, the lights didn't work. She called for maintenance and the employee acted like it was my friends fault. I would never stay here again....some other people in the class advised that they knew how bad this place was and booked themselves into a different hotel, even though it meant a great inconvenience each day to get to class!	
Nov 24 2004	Bargain!	We got a cheap deal to go to Vegas &amp; stay at the Palace Station. Our Courtyard room was pretty basic, but clean &amp; excellent value for money. (it could get noisy though) If you're not on honeymoon why would you need to spend time in the room - get out there and explore Vegas! Or you could easily enjoy all the Palace has to offer. If you want to sample the gaming at the hotel, be sure to get a Boarding Pass - you get free slot play and you can rack up reward points for meals, free gaming and even free stays. There's a good selection of slots and tables. The hotel's a favourite with the locals, Jack's Irish bar is just like your local pub, and there are good deals on beer with cheap food. The Mexican restaurant was superb, miles better than anything you get in England, excellent service, and at amazing prices. We hired a car so it was easy to get to the strip etc, but they have a shuttle bus, so it's a good base to explore without paying too much. We had a great time at the Palace and would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 19 2004	A horrible experience	We stayed at the Palace Station from Nov. 12 to Nov. 15, 2004. My wife and I had one room, and my parents had another. The rooms were VERY small, it was easier to roll across the bed than to squeeze around it. The TV was also very small, and there was no cable. The bathroom lighting was almost non-existent. There was an incident with the toilet, requiring a plunger. There was none to be found, so the janitor was called. At least two hours passed before he showed up. Also we thought $27 was a little much for two people to have breakfast in bed. When we checked out, there was a charge of $4.95 per day with no explanation of what it was for. My parents arrived in their room to find that the sheets had not been changed. There were crumbs in the bed!!! They also found hair inside the folded towels. They called Housekeeping, which suggested they go downstairs to the registration desk and change rooms. The bedding is only changed by calling Housekeeping to request it specifically. The hotel advertises as if it is close to the strip. It is actually about a mile away, and you have to go through a jungle of freeway on-ramps to get to it. We payed a total of $380 for both rooms for 3 nights to experience this. Two years ago we stayed at Castaway for less money and we had a seventh story view and bigger rooms. We will NEVER stay at Palace Station again!!!!	
Nov 18 2004	Nightmare in Vegas! Insulting!	Honestly... I would bet money some of those reviews are from hotel management. This place is a DUMP! November 2004, I stayed in the courtyard part of this hotel.... they call it the &quot;courtyard&quot; It should be called... &quot;the city dump&quot; Oh, you have no idea how bad a hotel can be.... surely you would think some form of standards would apply. For starters... You walk into this 1970's shack... that I swear wouldn't make it passed a slight earthquake. The carpet in the hallways are stained and dingy... Just NASTY!Now the room... Well, if it weren't for the cheap OLD alum windows that don't close all the way, nor have screens... now I was on the second floor with a room with no screens and a child could easily fall out of. My room though... was clean... the TV worked well... the bed was well made and comfortable... despite the noise... I actually slept well, the bathroom is small... reminded me of a hospital bathroom.... nothing fancy... but it all seemed to work.Now if the site of the courtyard was not insulting enough... it get's worse... It's actually kind of funny. Anyway, they have the tower rooms and then the courtyard rooms. The tower rooms are off the lobby and a guard is posted 24 hours a day... (making sure it's hotel guest only... I am assuming this is for the safety of the guest) Well... get this now... and this is where it gets rather funny... There are NO security guards posted ANYWHERE at the Courtyard section... I'm assuming the safety of the hotel guest in the &quot;cheaper&quot; rooms is not as important as the safety as those in the higher paying tower section.Sad... but TRUE!Would I stay here again????? NEVER! I would rather stay at home if this was the only hotel I could afford!!! BUYER BEWARE!!! If you don't have a tower room... it is best to skip this property.	
Oct 21 2004	Good value for the money	I stayed at the Palace Station last month and have stayed there five times in the past. While the Courtyard rooms are not the Bellagio, I believe for the price they are an excellent value.One thing I really like about the Palace Station is that the pool is open any time. Also the pool is heated and is open in the winter when most other pools are closed. The exercise room is small, however, there is no extra charge. The food at the Palace Station is excellent for the price at any of the restaurants. I just love visiting the Irish pub for a Guinness and the live entertainment.	
Oct 10 2004	Worst hotel in our experience	We have just returned from a one week vacation that included two Las Vegas stays and a trip to California. We travel for pleasure about 6-8 times a year and several times a month for business and the room we just &quot;escaped&quot; from at the Palace Station is the worst room we have experienced. We were in a Courtyard Room that the desk clerk made sound like we were so lucky to get such a great room--first floor, overlooking the pool. Well, yes, it was first floor (as far away from the casino as you could get) and yes we could see the pool (but we were no where close to being near a pool entrance). The room looked like it was built in the 50's and has never been remodeled. You could hear every noise from upstairs. We couldn't wait to get out of there in the morningWe usually stay in moderate motels and hotels, so we were not expecting the Ritz (although we did pay almost $90 for the room which is the most we have ever paid for a room anywhere). We did at least expect something that had been updated in the last 40 years. On future trips to Las Vegas we will stay at affordable accomodations that don't make us leary to go to sleep in our own room.Also as a side note, the casino seems to based on the business of smoking, senior citizens with the majority of the machines being Poker machines rather than fun, modern games.	
Sep 19 2004	pleasant surprise	we were pleasantly surprised at the quality of our comped room and the staff and facilities at the PS although our luck wasn't as good as previous visits. a bargain for the money at the advertised rates.	
Sep 18 2004	Palace Station	My husband and I just came back from Las Vegas. We really loved Palace Station. We upgraded and stayed in the tower. Our room was on the 20th floor. We had a beautiful view of the strip and the mountains. The room was wonderful with a oversized king bed. The atmostphere was nice, and the people that worked there were really nice also. If we went back again we would stay there. The price is good and the distance from hotel to the strip we got transportaion by a cab or the hotel shuttle. I would suggest staying there to everyone.	
Sep 13 2004	Definitely best deal around	This was our first trip to Las Vegas, and we couldn't have chosen a better deal for our dollar.The Palace Station is pleasing to the eye upon arrival, employs a helpful, friendly staff and has delicious meals in all restaurants, and the best buffet for less. The pools and hot-tubs were wonderfully refreshing, even in 100 degree tempuratures. Our courtyard rooms were comfortable, even though in need of a little redecorating, but we spent little time in our rooms because they run their free shuttle every hour to the strip from early morning to late at night. The casino was awesome, with lots of waitresses to supply us with complimentary drinks while we played. Wouldn't hesitate to go again!!!! And special thanks to hair salon and the wonderful, compasionate owner who styled my hair. Kudos to you!!!	
Sep 12 2004	Courtyard rooms pretty bad	The courtyard rooms are one-star. Terrible lighting in them, and like other reviews mentioned here, they smell. Dreary and drab. Uncomfortable bed. The armoire holding the TV literally shakes when you walk by. Can't imagine what a downstairs room would be like---thank god we were upstairs.You get what you pay for.Crowd at casino is somewhat mixed. If you had to pick the average type, it would be smoking old people &gt; 60.	
Sep 12 2004	Great Deal	Great hotel for the price. Booked it online for $25 a night on their website and got a free upgrade to the tower which had very nice rooms. Pool and jacuzzi were okay, Games were good and the buffet had tons of food. Service was good and there's free parking. Very close to the strip and restaurants across the street.	
Aug 30 2004	had a great time	Wanted to write and let others know that we had a great time staying at the palace station hotel in las vegas. I read quite a few of the reviews about this hotel and cannot undersand some of the negative ones. My husband and I enjoyed our stay along with our 11 year old and his friend. Of course, we had to watch them carefully, as they were not old enough to linger in the casino area. We never had a problem with the children walking thru the casino while they were with us. We did not allow them to walk thru unescorted, but that really was not a problem. They were able to go to the pool and swim and visit the various restaurants located inside the hotel. We were glad that the front entrance to the hotel does not require the children to walk thru the casino. We took advantage of the shuttle service to and from the strip. Even though the shuttle does not go directly to all the hotels, we found it easy enough to go to the Tropicana or the Fashion Mall and walk to the hotels that we wanted to visit. We also took advantage of the new monorail that goes from the Sahara hotel to the MGM Grand. Saves alot of walking and you can ride back and forth for $10.00 for a 24 hour period. I also found that restaurants in the hotel had great food, including the Burger King. The best food was at the 24 hour cafe. We did decide to upgrade our room to the tower room and had a great view of the strip. The room was clean and very comfortable. The staff was very friendly and helpful during our stay. We would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 26 2004	Great Value!!!	The first time we stayed at Palace Station my wife and I and another couple went down to the bar to wait for the rest of our party to arrive. I ordered a round of drinks for the four of us and was stunned when the total bill came to $8 in a town where if you go to a club you will pay $4 to $6 for a beer! I asked the bartender if these were happy hour prices and he told me that these where the every day prices! The drinks were well mixed and well proportioned. Being from Southern California we drive to Vegas so being off of the strip is not a problem. The food is good but if you want something different, the Rio is only s short trip away.$26 a night for a room and $2 for a drink, good, reasonably priced food, courteous staff, this place is a real bargin!!We have stayed there several times since and will again.	
Aug 12 2004	Great for Students!!	Palace Station is awesome...for someone that's poor =) I bought my flight and hotel ticket at priceline after little research. At first, I thought it was a great deal...until I read the reviews...I got a little scared from some negative comments.When I got to Vegas...I was picked up by the Palace Station shuttle...they brought me to the hotel (I save taxi money)...checked in...went and got something to eat at the hotel diner. That place is AWESOME....great food, REALLY CHEAP...and they give you a lot.The reason why I said it's great for students...it's because most of the people at the hotel are old... they don't chill by the pool ...they go straight to the casinos...which leaves the pool for the younger people...a few. It is a gem for younger people =)i really do recommend the place... i like how when you come into the lobby, you see a lobby...not slot machines after another ...overwhelming you as soon as you walked in. It's great...TOTALLY recommend =)	
Jul 14 2004	Loved the Palace Station	I was in Las Vegas between 9-12 of july. I stayed at the Palace Station which is located at the other end of the strip. The room was very nice and the staff was very helpful. I dont like the strip, its very crowed and everyone is in a hurry to go no where. This was the best place for your money. Its very hott!!!!!!!! like 107 each day.	
Jul 7 2004	great price great room and very good service	I went to the shot show last feb. 04, as i am a small business owner, and everyone was courteous and professional. the 1st room i had in the court yard was next to the trash bins and i asked the desk to put me in a quieter one and they were most gracious in immediately placeing me in another room. the rooms were clean and well kept with all amenities and the bed was very comfy. the buffets were well kept and there was an immense selection of delicious food. the seafood bar is always busy and i found out why. the food was prepared in front of me and was absolutely fantastic. all the personnel that were at the gaming tables were very friendly and courteous and made the games fun to participate in. the price and closeness to the convention center were the two main things that i considered when i made my reservations and i was not sorry. i intend to stay there again in jan 05 for the next shot show. i highly reccomend that anyone who is on a tight budget that they consider the palace station.David H. Thomas Owner  Hi-Country SportsConcho, Az.	
Jul 5 2004	Not a place to stay!	The first night we were in the courtyard. The room was horrible. The air conditioning was broken and it smelled like someone died in our room. The second night we moved to the tower which was so much better. It is too far off the strip and the shuttle didn't run late enough. We spent enough in cab fairs to have stayed somewhere nice on the strip. Would never stay here again.	
Jun 29 2004	COURT YEAR ROOMS ARE BAD!!!!`	WOW we stayed one night at the Palace Station Court Year rooms. The room is Small, Dirty, Ants, Urine Smelling , Smoke Yellow Cilings, NOISY, Bad lighting in and out side, Dirty Blankets and Sheets, the bathroom did not work AND the T.V. was broke AND NOT DISABLED COMPATABLE. The rooms are a JOKE. DO NOT STAY IN THE COUR YARD ROOMS. YOU WILL BE SORRY!! RUN FAST	
Jun 10 2004	Great value	Stayed here for about 5 days last summer. For the price ($29 a night!!!) you can't beat it. Room was clean, staff was helpful. It is Vegas so of course there are much more extravagant lodings but for the price, this was great. We only slept there anyway. Food was decent as well.	
Jun 9 2004	i loved it	I thought the hotel was awsome! the staff and the maids were very nice and the room had a claer view of the circus circus hotel and other great views.the food in the hotel was great, i totally recomend cafe palace, pizza palace and the buffet. however DON'T go to burger king. The food wasn't all that great there...Despite the great service go guys provided, I do think that the hotel is located in a ....how shall I say it? A very &quot;all the good strores are VERY far away&quot; area? Since we don't have a car nor rent one, it's crazy to use the bus to check out places that far ALL THE TIME! AT least the AC hotel has a Ross store near the hotel! Sahara is a beautiful street, but the traffic is awful!Another compalint is that you guys close the resteraunt too early at night and too late in the morning...other than that, i enjoyed my stay at Palace Station.	
Jun 5 2004	Just Another Vegas Hotel/Casino	I needed a place to stay in North Las Vegas, near the NVT airport. My friend that has a house near there recommended the Palace Station because he and his wife liked the casino and buffett.As it turned-out they were hosting some sort of huge convention on-site and claimed they only had three rooms available at $99! This seemed rather high considering it was a Tuesday night AND their sign outside advertised &quot;Rooms Available, $39&quot;!! The clerk wouldn't budge on the rate, and I was tired from driving most of the day, so I said &quot;yeah yeah whatever...&quot;Another huge room and very clean. TV/cable reception was marginal at best. Large casino and I didn't see any roaches at the dinner/breakfast buffet. The only other casino within walking distance is the Fiesta. Nothing special there.They do have a lot of nerve charging $99 for a mid-week room. Would I stay there again? No...	
May 12 2004	never had a problem!	My entire family and I have been staying at the palace station every year for 6 years now. We've never had a problem in fact , We've had better times there than any of my friends have at some of the more expensive hotels on the strip! The staff is always friendly and professional, and the food is wonderful! especially the breakfast buffets and the italian restaurants service was beyond excellent!!! The rooms are comfy and the shuttle service makes going to the strip convenient and inexpensive!. Last year we had such a great time at the hotel that we rarely went to the strip!!!! I don't know what these other people are &quot;accustomed&quot; to but the palace station is a great deal!!!!! Remember if someone has a problem they are more apt to tell the world than someone who has had a good experience!!! So be weary about some of the negative remarks!	
May 10 2004	Okay but wouldn't stay there again	We booked an Expedia package deal with &quot;courtyard&quot; accomodations for what I felt like was a decent price. I had read the reviews of the courtyard rooms, but intended to pay for an upgrade to a tower room upon arrival. When we arrived, the hotel was overbooked - no tower rooms available, and furthermore they had no non-smoking rooms available in the courtyard even though we had reserved one! Check-in took over an hour because they had to locate a room for us.To get to the courtyard rooms, you have to walk past smelly, overflowing dumpsters. This is unpleasant even at night when it's not so hot out. The room was dark and small, but it was clean. The best part about staying there was that you can park your vehicle almost right outside your door, which is something I haven't seen at any other Vegas hotel. Overall it wasn't a great experience, but it wasn't too bad - I feel like I got what I paid for (we didn't stay in our room very much anyway). I was, however, happy to move on to the 2nd part of our stay at the Luxor. Worlds apart! But for the budget, the Palace Station wasn't the worst we could do.	
May 9 2004	Do not do brunch	As we were sitting at the all you can eat buffet, enjoying our lunch (1) roach crawled across our table, while his (2) buddies crawled across the booth's head rest. The manager invited us to move tables, and as we were getting up the people sitting behind us advised us they had the similar experience we did in their booth. If the roaches are coming out during the day while people are all over just imagine the party they are having in the evening. We demanded our money back and proceeded home in shock. We have never experienced this.	
Apr 27 2004	Best value for your money!!!	Spent 4 days 3 nights at Palace Station Casino. Excellent price of 39.99 per night for 2 nights with 3rd night free! Had a gorgeous room with king size non smoking with an awesome vies of Las vegas from 12th floor tower room. Excellent maid service, staff go out of your way for extras. We have stayed there each year for 3 years and have only rave reviews! The &quot;Feast&quot; buffet is rated best in town by locals and the weight I gained there proves it! Fresh.fresh fresh! Casino had the loosest machines of all the casinos we played at. We even played slots in downtown Fremont and had poor seervice and lousy odds. Best bet by far is the Palace Casino. Call them to be on mailing list and they mail out specials to you quarterly for free nights. Shuttle was free to strip and to airport. Can never brag enough about what a deal this is!!!!! We've stayed on strip before, and this is no comparison....	
Apr 26 2004	Fun place!	We had fun! It wasn't fancy but met our needs. We stayed in the court yard area. I liked the closeness to the casino. They have a great 99 cent breakfast before 6:00 A.M. You have to ask for it. Would like to go there again.	
Apr 26 2004	The worst experience I have ever had !!!!!!!	the worst hotel in vegas! 1. no hott water 2. the rooms that are non smoking arent 3. the rooms are not that clean 4. the smell like dog in the carpet 5. booked a king size bed got a full 6. numerous problems ! 7. they charge for the shuddle service even if you dont use it! per day! do yourself a favor go somewhere else ! this place is a nightmare	
Apr 15 2004	courtyard rooms	The courtyard rooms in the old part of the hotel are often the cheapest rooms you can get in vegas. I once stayed there for 11$ a night, and it was only like 3 years ago! However, since it is so cheap, the armed forces tend to grab a bunch of rooms, so you get lots of late night army brawling and love making if the fellows (and ladies) get lucky. I sleep like a log so it doesn't bother me. Their shuttle to the strip is convienent and runs until around 2 am. When I need a trip to vegas and I'm low on cash, I always book a palace station courtyard room. Bring some earplugs and avoid being in your room too much and this is just the place. Don't go if you want alot of sleep, do go if you just want to pass out.	
Apr 12 2004	courtyard room OK for the price	on march 30, we flew into vegas and spent the night before driving to the grand canyon the following morning. I found a station room online for $26. after reading all these reviews, i didn't know what to expect. yes, you have to walk outside to get to the older courtyard rooms, but it's not that big of a deal. this hotel is more convenient than other HUGE luxury properties. easy in and out. .... the bed was extremely comfortable and clean. the shower head was really low, and my hubby who is tall had a problem washing his hair. we didn't eat at the palace station, so i can't comment on that. we didn't play too much, just the free play they gave us on a new player's card. this place was FINE for a one night stay.	
Apr 6 2004	you get what you pay for	Got a good price on 2 rooms here during a busy weekend. Do not make the same mistake of booking a &quot;courtyard&quot; room. These rooms are in a small building behind the tower, and both of rooms had a horrible odor like something died. The rooms were comparable to the worst Motel 6 or Days Inn that you could stay at. And the window was 50 yards from I-15 with semi trucks driving past all night.	
Apr 2 2004	not the best experience	Found pit bosses to be less than generous with comps even then I played all 3 days in their casino. Also, a couple of the gals manning the reservations counter were less than friendly and helpful. The plumbing in the room was plugged even tho they sent a maintenance man to fix the problem. It still had problems. Love the location....	
Apr 1 2004	Not the place for nonsmokers!!!	I stayed at Palace Station this past weekend (March 27) and had an okay time. This is definately not the place for someone who is allergic or sensitive to smoke. I came to Vegas with a head cold and was miserable in my &quot;non-smoking room&quot;. The whole courtyard area smelled strongly of smoke..and the lighting in the bathroom was horrible.All that being said, I still enjoyed myself while at Palace Station. The FEAST breakfast buffet was really good. I had the best omellete I have had in a while and the service was great.The casino was very smokey, but the employees were very friendly. The slots were pretty tight, but they were much better than at the Rio.We paid 75 dollars for our room that night and can't really complain....If you are looking for a low cost room...this is it!I also want to mention the free shuttle service to the strip!!!	
Mar 31 2004	Overall great place to stay	We stayed here March 18th, 2004 - March 21st, 2004. We were surprised when we arrived (9:30pm) that the casino upgraded our room to a suite (Very Nice!). We stayed in the Garden area. The casino is HUGE and has a variety of games, including 1 cent slots to dollar slots. There are several places to eat, although, the Palace Cafe seemed overwhelmed at times. Depending on the time, expect a wait of 20 mins. or so just to get your order taken. The buffet room is wonderful and if you enjoy chocolate or a choice of meats, this is the place for you! For a super fast breakfast, I recommend the inside Burger King.We did have one employee at the front desk who was rude to us on the phone, but security had that taken care of. I would recommend Palace Station to those who like a leisure vacation and don't like to walk. Everything you need to enjoy a nice Vegas vacation, including shows, is located here at this casino. The strip is too far to walk to, though they do have buses that will take you to the strip. So overall, a nice place to stay and good value for the money.	
Mar 25 2004	The worst of the worst!	I stayed at this hotel and experienced numerous problems, including dirty rooms that smelled of cigarette smoke and very poor maid services from house keeping. When I checked out I demanded some form of compensation for the numerous problems that occured during my stay. They were very rude and offered not so much as an apology. I will never recommend a Station Casino to anyone. Lord knows we have our share of problems here in Atlantic City casinos. But when we make a mistake, we are big enough to admit it and try to make it right for the guest. I should know, I am the V.P. of Operations at a Major Casino in Atlantic City! Thanks for taking the time to read this review and more importantly, thanks for not staying at Palace Station!	
Mar 17 2004	Great Place	We were at Palace Station in Las Vegas from Feb. 29 - Mar 4, 2004. We thought the hotel and casino was a great place and plan to return at another time. The people were great, VIP services helped us, and the food at the buffet was very good. We will be back.	
Mar 6 2004	Dissatisfied Visitor	This is my second visit, and my last to this hotel. The room, a non-smoking room, reeked of cigarette smoke. There was mold on the ceiling of the bathroom. Another problem was the lighting in the bathroom--very low wattage. Finally, when checking out, I was assessed a $3.50 per day energy fee--not previously disclosed. The lady checking me out was kind enough to waive the fee--however, watch out for your credit card bill--it showed up there as a separate charge. I will not return to this hotel!!	
Feb 29 2004	Kindness 	I arrived in Las Vegas the 2nd of Feb 04 upon hearing of my brother passing away. I had no reservations anywhere, and was rather lost in many ways. I saw a sign on the interstate stating room rates of $29.99 per night. I thought, ok, this I can afford. I stoped at the Hotel check in counter at about 4 P.M. and spoke with a very nice lady &quot;Donna.&quot; I briefly told her my reason for being their and that I did not have a reservation, but needed a place to stay for approximately four days. She found a room for me in the tower at a rate even lower than advertised. From this point forward, the entire hotel staff was kind, courteous, and went out of there way to insure that my stay was uncomplicated. Your staff and management must be very proud of your employees such as Donna. My wife and I only make it to Las Vegas every couple of years, but, know this. From this day forward, my family and myself will stay nowhere else but at your facilities. We will enjoy your restuarnts, casino, room and your very friendly staff. The room was always clean and comfortable. Please extend to your staff and management my most sincere appreciation for your hospitality. Thank you again for helping me through a very trying situation. Your hotel will always be my first and only choice for our stays in Las Vegas.My Thanks Don &amp; Nancy Larkin	
Feb 22 2004	Blah!	The only reason I chose the palace station was because the hotels on the strip were fully committed as Super Bowl was approaching. I didn't have high expectations for this mile-off-the-strip hotel. The public areas of the hotel are nice, the casino and the lobby were well maintained and clean. The 24-hour restaurant in the casino had decent cuisine and a fairly large menu. I had some pretty decent wins on the slots but the blackjack dealers were sans perrsonality and most look like they've worked there for 50 years.. very tired and non-talkative. The ROOMS however (the primary reason you'd chose a hotel) were filthy and small. I was blessed with a &quot;courtyard room&quot;, which was in another building from the casino (7 minute walk) and on the second floor with an amazing view of... a parking lot. Yay me. The room offered no amenities whatsoever (basics like shampoo and soap). I had to stop by the front desk to get them. Towels were old and scratchy, room needed paint and some preventative mantinence. While I was there, they were in the process of changing all of the room numbers in this 'wing' of the hotel, so finding your room was hellish. The carpeting was being replaced in some of the corridors, which was desperately needed. Being a hotel professional myself, I'd highly reccommend exhausting all other lodging options before choosing the Palace Station. However, they do offer a free shuttle to the strip, if you want to stay elsewhere and gamble your hard earned money away there. :)	
Feb 17 2004	Loved it!!!	My husband and I had never been to Las Vegas before and wasn't to sure about staying at a hotel that was not on the strip but let me tell you...after we got there and saw how nice the hotel was and that they had rides to and from the strip for free (well, without the tip) All was well. We spent most of the time at the hotel. They had wonderful resturants and lots of gambleing. Go and have fun like we did. We can't wait to go back. Thank you Palace Station for a wonderful experience.	
Jan 30 2004	Palace Station - Good deal on rooms!	We found dirt cheap rooms at Palace Station... right on their website - www.************* .We stayed the first two nights for $10.00 each, and the last two nights for $39.99 each. The last two nights would've been only $29.99 each, but we decided to go for a king-size bed for more comfort.The hotel is off the strip a few blocks, and isn't really within &quot;safe&quot; walking distance to much of anything, but it's pretty quiet there even though it is right next to the highway (15).The room we had, called a &quot;Courtyard Room&quot;, was a tad on the small side, but who's really in their room all that much in Vegas anyway? It was clean, comfortable, very quiet, and very easy to get in and out of. We've stayed at other hotels in Vegas that make you weave in and around stuff so much that you're tired by the time you finally reach the elevators. Palace Station wasn't like that at all!They do offer &quot;Tower Rooms&quot; also. They are more expensive, but are probably bigger.They have some nice restaurants also. They even advertise a cheap &quot;middle of the night&quot; (11pm-6am) breakfast. Because of time zone differences, we were never awake for it though. We did eat breakfast in the restaurant that supposedly offers that cheap meal and it was good food!Overall, we were very happy with our experience there.	
Jan 16 2004	Great food 	This was a great hotel to stay in. Away from the hussle and bussle, yet just a couple blocks away from the strip. The food was great, there was selection with the restaurants on site. The atmosphere is a bit different here because of the all the locals who come to this casino. More laid back. I would definately stay there again.	
Nov 24 2003	Very Poor	Small rooms with dirt marks on the walls. Courtyard rooms smell horrible, the hallways smell horrible, detached from the main hotel with no security guards in site, seems dangerous. Was charged an additional hotel fee which allowed us to park, and goto the front of the buffet lines which we never used. Strange considering everyone else seemed to be able to park for free. Worst part of the experience was the beds. Felt like when I was a kid sleeping on the floor in a sleeping bag. The beds were _that_ bad. Pillows had tears and marks. Really gross. I would have FAR prefered to stay at a Motel 6.	
Nov 23 2003	Didn't want to leave	I stayed with 5 other family members in Nov 03. The trip was for some of my party to see Celine Dion at Caesars Palace, I went along for the ride. As it turned out I loved every minute, at Palace Station the outdoor pool and jacuzzi are heated, the breakfasts were out of this world and would set you up for the whole day. Word of warning though, the bedrooms have 2 double beds, so if 3 females sharing a room be prepared to share a bed too! We were located in an adjacent building initially where we got totally lost, we then upgraded to the Tower block which was so much better with a view too. Best times for my stay were stretch limo for $10 from PS to Fremont St, heli flight over the strip, crepe in The Paris,NY NY coaster and Big Shot. I am hoping to return next year with my boyfriend. I couldn't believe how friendly and accommodating people were.	
Nov 8 2003	Nothing but a great experience	I've stayed at this hotel three times over the last seven years. Every single time I stay at this hotel, it is nothing but a great experience. Good food, good service, nice rooms, great price. The atmosphere is more Reno-like, but the fact is you're just off the strip in Vegas. I've never had a bad experience, or food, or service in this hotel, and plan on staying a week during summer 2004. If anybody is planning on staying at this hotel and you aren't yuppy, stuck-up, wanting someone to wait on you hand and foot, or need a butler, then consider this hotel. Probably the best deal for your money, if your money matters to you, and you want the best time for your money. I have spent a lot of time searching for other hotels that my wife wants to stay at, and still I am faithful to this hotel that I have stayed at before. I have never been disappointed. See you soon Palace Station!	
Oct 25 2003	Not Disappointed with the Palace	I must admit I was skeptical of staying at Palace Station. I read all the good and the bad reviews here on Trip Advisor. Most of the bad reviews were concerning the CourtYard Rooms. My Husband and I decided on the Tower Rooms, which with lots of searching, our price was about the same as the Courtyard rooms with booking direct at the Palace Stations website. With traveling 1900 miles you want to make sure you will have a comfortable stay. It was all that we could've asked for. It's all a mind set and as long as you don't expect the &quot;world&quot; you will be pleased with what you are handed.The buffet wasn't all that great and some of the food was cold on it, we only did that one night. BUT we did eat a lot of meals at The Cafe. Great prices and huge portions. We checked out the pool areas, didn't have time to make use of it but it was well groomed and looked nice and inviting.One plus at the Palace Station was the shuttle to the strip with two drop off locations. We utilized that several times even though we had rented a car.We aren't much for gambling and didn't spend much time in the casino area. It was pretty smoky, which we didn't like.Our bathtub wasn't draining very well and we left word to have that checked out and by the time we came back to our room in the afternoon they had fixed the problem.All in all a pleasurable trip. Thanks to Trip Advisor!	
Oct 3 2003	Okay but some problems	Just came back after staying at Palace Station Oct 1 and 2/03 Definitely will not be going back! Pluses - great price $20.00 - Buffet - average, Cafe was OK - quick check in and out - shuttle available Negatives - extremely smoky interiors - corridors are a bit dark and dank - insides show age, wear and tear in the courtyard rooms - air conditioner and bathroom fan very very noisy due to their age - air pollution due to heavy smoke	
Sep 25 2003	No disappointment here	Prior to going on my trip to Las Vegas I had read reviews of Palace Station and I was a little leary of what I would find upon my arrival.The airport shuttle was on time and took us straight to the hotel...upon check in I ask for and was given an upgrade to the tower. I found nothing wrong with the rooms, maid service was fine, and all the hotel personnel I came in contact with treated us great. Is it a 5 star...no but I found it clean and the rooms were fine. No complaints on the food or the casino.Overall, yes, I would stay there again. Good job Palace Station.	
Sep 22 2003	Palce Station Dissapointed	After spending alot of time searcing the web for Vegas hotels, we decided on Palace Station. We vacation in LV once or twice a year and have always stayed on the strip. We wanted to try something different this time and what a disapointment that turned out to be. The only good thing I have to say about the hotel is they let us check in when we arrived. (10:00 am) We booked a courtyard room. That was just plain nasty. It had a horrible odor and was dirty, even after the maid cleaned. ( dust bunnies and cob webs). My husband had broken his leg a week before our vacation so that really put a damper on our trip. They did put us on the first floor, close to the pool, but that was the only positive thing going for our entire stay. (six nights). The pool area itself was nice. Many lounge chairs and very few people every day but the pool was dirty and you couldn't see the bottom of the deep end. I took the basket out of the skimmer( which was never running) and scooped out the leaves and bugs every day. It could have been nice if someone would have cleaned it everyday. There was no drink service and if you had to use the bathroom, you had to go all the way back to your room. We bought a little cooler in the gift shop and took our own beer. The casino itself was alright. We didn't win anything. I played black jack every day, usually in the morning. There were some really RUDE dealers, (Felix comes to mind). We ate at the buffett on Sunday morning for there champange brunch. The food was cold and pretty nasty. We thought we would try it one more time for dinner and again was dissapointed. We ended up eating most of our meals at the Palace Cafe. Good food at a reasonable price but service was really slow. We also ate at the mexican resturant one night. That was good. Had lunch one day at the oyster bar. Good food but VERY expensive for what you got. Ate alot of pizza from the pizza palace. That to was just okay. All in all it was a dissapointing trip. We never even took the shuttle to the strip. My husband never walked on crutches before and it was just to much for him to try and walk any distance. We did take a taxi downtown a couple of nights. That was a blast. Next year we are going to stay downtown That is where all the action is. Great bars and very friendly people. Had a good time at fitzgeralds. My husband even hit the nickel slots for the progressive. 289.00. I played black jack at four queens and won 150.00 The dealer was So rude and obnoxious, I had to walk away or I would have won more. Don't sit at Roy's table. He thought he was gods gift. Anyway, if your planning a trip to LV, DON&quot;T stay at the palace station. Sure it's cheap, but you know the old saying, you get what you pay for!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Oh ya the pop maching was empty the whole time we were there.	
Sep 2 2003	No lap of luxury	The rooms were very small, not much room to move around and the beds were the worst I've ever slept on in my entire life. It was like literally sleeping on the floor, the bed did not give at all. The lunch and dinner buffets were awful, food barely warm and not a good selection. The only way I would stay there again is if it was free.	
Aug 15 2003	Eating at the feast	I have eaten at alot of station casinos, at the Feast which is the buffet. On aug 14th I took 2 out of town guests to dinner at the feast at Palace station and had absolutely the worst meal I had since living in vegas. I used my points which cheap to come by. The food bins were either empty or cold at 4:30 to 5:00 in the afternoon which is the beginning of the dinner hour. Rolls empty, mash potatoes, empty, vegetables empty, 4 piece of meat loaf left and on and on. Do not waste your money of the feast at Palace station.	
Aug 5 2003	A real bargain	I have been reading reviews of other hotels in Vegas and now appreciate the Palace Station even more! We got a deal on Exp. for $19 a night. I thought the room would be a real experience, but it turned out to be clean, rather plain, but comfortable. The room was the most quiet of any I have ever stayed in (second floor- courtyard). The pillows and bed were fine. The desk staff were efficient.The buffet is rather ordinary, but for $6.99, that was ok with us. It was better than the one we had at Treasure Island.The free shuttle experience worked out great. Their drivers are very kind gentlemen.	
Jul 28 2003	Great for the price	My sisters and I were vacationing with a total of 12 kids, so bargain price was key in selecting this hotel. We had 4 rooms on the ground floor near the smaller pool, which was perfect. They were even super-accommodating about an odd smell in one of the rooms. The staff was kind, all the amenities exeeded our expectations and we had a blast. I was really surprised by the fantastic (and cheap) food, as well.	
Jul 23 2003	great hotel	Just returned from our trip out to Vegas from July 15th thru the 22nd, 2003! Weather was hot, even rained a bit one day with thunder and lightening. Many locals shocked and amazed to see rain, major drought there, being a desert and all....... Stayed in the tower room, nice and clean. !5th floor was quiet, and room was comfortable. Pillows on the beds were lame, tiny and too flat for a king sized bed! The Feast buffet was great, especially the Pasta station, cooked fresh pasta anyway you like, with fresh veggies, and garlic, wine, the works! Yummy! Slots were unbelievably tight, couldn't hit more than 300 quarters, and that was our first night. Players card booth employees were rude and vague, didn't give coupons to us at check in for the card, but gave the other couple we traveled with coupons. After we asked about them the following day, they were arguementive, and didn't want to comply. These coupons are worth it, free drinks, free bingo, free match play, free ice cream, and bonus points etc... We eventually got the coupons, but after a great deal of complaining............. Even table games were tight, my hubby plays blackjack everywhere, and couldn't get ahead ever! The jumbo jackpot was won for about $123,000. on saturday the 19th by a guest, which was cool to see SOMEONE WIN SOMETHING! gotta pay the light bills there for the summer I guess, that or the air bills! Took the free shuttle to the airport, was on time, and nice driver, very helpful and pleasant. Mark, the bell Hop was awesome as well, helped us get a rental car from enterprise at last minutes notice too! Patsy, front desk, was nice and funny. Gave us maps of the city, and very helpful! Would stay there again for sure! The Starbucks coffee and the Crispy Kreme donuts are awesome in the am! There was a miss Cinderella pageant there our last two days, so very busy and crowded with over 200 hundred teens and little girls walking around, getting on or off elevators were just about impossible! The pool area needs work, patio falling apart, and the water was green two days, so we skipped swimming until later at the Flamingo, which was super! Self parking is close to the front entrance, no need to valet! hard to get a taxi most times, but Enterprise car rental is about two blocks down the road, not open sundays though! Great hotel for the money, has everything including the Laugh Trax show! That was the highlight of our trip, very funny! Greg Hahn was the lead comic, and he had us almost crying, hilarious! You get free coupons for that show at check in as well, one drink minimum is all about $7.00 ! Planning another trip out to vegas in the fall of 2004, looking forward to that! Goodluck to anyone gambling out there over the summer, if you win anything, feel very lucky, its rare!	
Jul 14 2003	The room was small and uncomfortable	Three of us stayed at Palace Station from 20-23 June 2003. The room was on the first floor somewhere just off the casino/restaurant area, in what appeared to be an annex of some sort. The room was small and uncomfortable. The location of the room made us feel like outscasts. It was difficult to find the ice machine and the coffee machine just down from the room took our money and poured the coffee (but their were no cups) Couldn't find anyone to complain to or who cared. The breakfast, lunch, and dinner buffets were great and except for the courteous and friendly shuttle driver, the whole stay was disappointing.	
May 29 2003	Just the right size!	I have been to Vegas almost 20 times over the years and have stayed at several differnt hotels, but most often at Palace Staion. I always get a tower room and they are lovely. The staff always treats us very well. The food is great and the atmosphere and the size is just right for me! Those huge mega-resorts on the Strip are too over-whelming for me! You can lost very easily in the bigger places. Palace Station is more intimate and homey.	
May 21 2003	It was great	A group of us went May 4-8 2003 for my Mom &amp; Dad's 50th Wedding Anniversary. We had Uncles, Aunts, Cousins &amp; Friends there. We stayed in the courtyard rooms which were great for the money and close to the Pool, Casino etc. We never had a problem finding each other which was great (smoking and non smoking rooms). The courtyard rooms are very plain and simple (Motel like) and ours luckily looked over one of the pools. We did go up to the Tower section but never got to see a room, the corridors down to each room looked really awesome (must have been nice rooms, with views to boot hiding inside). The restaurant selection was great ranging from Krispe Kreme Donuts, Starbucks to the great Buffet and the Broiler Room, not to mention Guadalajara that we spent Cinco de Mayo at. We also met at the Irish Pub for some Appys and Irish Jig music for more drinks (hey they also had some upscale stuff thrown in too). We were not expecting too much of the Hotel but I must say they bent over backwards to be polite and also to meet every need we had (The people are awesome). I found everything to be great there including the free Shuttle to and from the Strip and the Airport was bonus. There are two pools with jacuzzi's that are more Motel like but great when the weather get's hot (one is only heated). They only have food drink service if you call thru a telephone at the pools and that takes about 30 minutes with a 17% tip added on to everything (bring your own). 7-11 is just a hop-skip down the road ( I know I shouldn't be telling ya this, but what the heck were all travellers). Next time I will probably stay on the Strip (only because I have a bad leg) but other than that they treated us sooooooooo well and we really did enjoy ourselves. Any questions give me your e-mail. Thanks Cindy Vancouver, BC Canada	
May 20 2003	Not Recommended	I want to chime in with a couple of the other reviewers who were also unfortunate enough to stay in one of the rooms adjacent to the loading dock/trash area. Reader heed this warning if you too happen to stay here and end up in one of these rooms; you will be disturbed all night long! I never heard so much racket during a stay at any other time in my life. Ok, enough about the noise, the room was small and we had to call room service for an iron which they wanted returned the moment we were through using it. The bathroom was small and well ok, it has a toliet, sink and stand-up shower, big deal. The casino is kind of dark and not easy to get around, but it is kind of laid back which can be nice. Overall I would avoid this place and I have no plans on ever staying here again.	
Apr 14 2003	Truth In Advertising	I was disappointed in my last trip to Palace Station. I usually make at least one, if not two or more trips to Las Vegas per year. I prefer to stay at the Palace Station, and refer many friends there as well. This time, I needed to get away and I had received a postcard from Palace Station, advertising two free nights during the time I had planned to be there. Normally I would book a package, as they tend to be more economical. This time I was able to get a reasonable air fare and with the two free nights, the price was less than the package I could have booked. Everything was fine until I checked out, and found I was being charged FULL PRICE for a tower room. At check out they took the postcard and said they would check with the manager about the rate for the 4th night which should have been free. Needless to say we were charged full price for the final night. As much as I enjoy the Palace Station, I will be looking for other options in the future.	
Apr 10 2003	Nice place to stay for a short while		
Mar 14 2003	Good place for a short stay		
Dec 31 2002	great		
Dec 10 2002	Best food in Vegas.		
Nov 30 2002	It has not changed		
Jun 24 2002	Could have been fantastic		
Mar 20 2002	Don't stay there if you want to get a good night's sleep		
Jan 19 2002	The Place off the Stip to Sleep 		
Jan 19 2002	Palace Station Oyster Bar		
Jan 12 2002	Thank you		
Sep 23 2008 	super zimmer		
Mar 22 2007 	Sehr freundlich und gut mit Abstrichen		
