Nov 8 2009 	Nice Clean Comfortable and Quiet	The Element was a very comfortable and quiet hotel. Be prepared for a long ride to the Strip. It's about 30 minutes from the strip by taxi/shuttle. A great location if your visiting for a conference at the Red Rocks Resort and Spa. The bedroom was quiet and the room was very clean. Overall a very nice stay.	
Oct 28 2009 	Great the business traveler	My wife and I booked this hotel because of the relatively high rating at tripadvisor. We visit Vegas twice a year for leisure and decided to give this &quot;green&quot; hotel a try. I can say that this hotel is best suited for some types of travelers, but not every type. It is new, clean, and modern in appearance. I have no complaints in regards to the quality of the hotel. Although our one bedroom was quite cramped. The &quot;studio&quot; gives you a more wide open feel.I would highly recommend it for the business traveler since it has every accommodation and facility to support the business man/woman. Wireless internet is free and they have free fax and printing services. Very nice free breakfast buffet before heading out to the meetings.I would also recommend this for a family traveling to Vegas for some specific event (wedding, convention,etc.). Because it has a full kitchen in every room, it will suit families with children to the tee. I would also recommend this hotel for the buddies on a golf trip. There are so many exceptional golf courses within minutes (Red Rock Arroyo, Bear's Best, Siena). Golf buddies don't need posh accommodations, just a place to relax after 36 holes. I would NOT recommend this hotel for the romantic getaway. Sorry to say that we couldn't find any redeeming &quot;romantic&quot; qualities about this hotel. It's modern appearance, makes it slightly cold. There are no restaurants in the hotel, you would need to take the 15 to 20 minute trip to the strip. But then, coming back to the element after dinner just doesn't give you that &quot;romantic feeling&quot;. I would likely not return to this hotel unless I was on business, going golfing only, or with my kids. Romantic getaway with the wife, No way.	
Oct 19 2009 	Must stay here again.......	Great location for my golfing needs (TPC Summerlin) 10min away.Strip an easy drive 15min.Great contemporary &quot;W&quot; style/feel to the place, rooms with full fridge/kitchen...newDoes always smell nice, any part of the hotel.Great beds/bathGreat gymGreat DIY washing room.Great morning breakfast's/after noon snack/sFree internet/nice TV/DVDOutside BBQ &amp; pool if you don't want to smole out your room.5 min to Red Rock Resort Casino + some restaurants.I had a room well away from the elevators (by luck) but they do seem to make a loud noise when the door opens, so ask to be away from them.I'll be back next year (used STARWOOD points) for this trip	
Oct 13 2009 	Amazing Experience!!!!	Hotel is located in beautiful Summerlin. We stayed here for a friends wedding that was in LV. It is about 10-12min from the strip, located right off the 215fwy. When you walk in the hotel it smells refreshing like green tea. Very modern decor. The rooms was AMAZING!!! We stayed in the one bedroom suite. Had a full kitchen, two TVs one in the living room and one in the bedroom. I don't care to stay in hotels, but this hotel totally different! It's CLEAN, the staff is friendly, the bed is COZY!!! LOVED IT!!!I can't rave enough. I have stayed in 5 star hotels and this by far has been the best!!!! The hotel is non smoking and there isnt a casino. However, there is a great casino about 2min away in Summerlin called the Red Rock- upscale casino from what I saw in the inside. If you have kids there is a great park just one street from the hotel. They offered free hot breakfast. Eggs, sausage, pancakes, breakfast sandwhichs, burritos, toast, muffins, ceral, yougut, smoothies, juice, milk, fruit. I give this hotel ***** 5 STARS!!! Thank you Element for the wonderful experience!!!! I know we will be back soon to visit! ITs been amazing!	
Oct 9 2009 	Environmental Consciousness and Healthy Living-- In Las Vegas?	Element is a different kind of hotel, but different in a good way. It's the first hotel I've stayed at that seems to give serious attention to environmental consciousness and healthy living. The execution is not perfect, but it's a great start.The hotel is easily accessible off of the freeway and has plenty of free parking. The lobby is comfortable and inviting (as opposed to ostentatious or intimidating). The front desk service is genuinely helpful. And there are nice amenities even there, too, like a service to print out your airline boarding passes.The rooms are spacious and thoughtfully designed. There's a fully equipped kitchen and a comfortable desk. The bathroom has a &quot;rain shower&quot; but no tub. if you like to collect the little bottles of bathroom amenities, you'll be disappointed; the bath is equipped with environmentally sensible soap and shampoo dispensers. The beds are VERY comfortable and the rooms are quiet, making for a good night's sleep.There is a complimentary breakfast and an afternoon snack served in the lobby. You can also sit in the small but pleasant garden behind the lobby and eat. There is also a small pantry just off the main lobby that sells snacks and light meal ingredients at very reasonable prices.The hotel's service orientation and standards are first rate; they show through in the housekeeping, engineering and food service departments, all of which gave me excellent attention.If you want the glitz and glamor and excitement of the Strip, this place is not for you. But if you want some peace and quiet in a very pleasant setting, it's difficult to find fault with this property.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Spot	I was a little concerned about the location when I booked but I needn't have been. Yes it's a travel to the Strip but if your not planning on gambling all day every day the location works well. We went to a show one night and took our boys for a walk down the strip another night and just parked in the casino carpark with no problems. The rooms are very spacious, clean and modern, we could easily have the four of us in there for an evening without sitting on top of eachother which is what we would have had, had we stayed on the Strip. Only negative comment would be the air conditioner is quite loud in the bedroom and language issues caused some problems at checkout. Will definitely stay here again!	
Oct 4 2009 	Like a hotel should be	I think people like me were in the focus group when they planned this hotel concept. When I have to be in Vegas I like to stay as far from the strip as possible and this was a good choice. While it was a great room at a great value, it would be better if rooms weren't directly facing the highway.	
Sep 24 2009 	Enjoyable stay good facilities	Stayed for one week. Enjoyed the stay. Nice design. Kitchenette was handy, and room was clean. Breakfast, the pool, and the food store (always open) were all good. Nice, quiet, location in Summerlin. Free wireless internet was reliable and fast (12 mbit speed).The only negatives were that the kitchen dishes were a little unclean (I was going to wash them before using them anyway), the shower leaked onto the bathroom floor a little, and the fire alarm went off on my floor one morning (false alarm).Otherwise, would stay again!	
Sep 20 2009 	perfect off-strip hotel	if you have a car, and wouldnt mind driving 20-25minutes to/from the strip, then this hotel is for you. because other than its off strip location, this hotel is perfect.great staff - check in takes 3 minutes. yes, only 3 minutes! took me an hour to get my rent a car. took me more at luxor the last time i stayed there.modern looking - boutique hotel styled room - heavenly bed, rain shower, lcd tv, fridge and microwavefree internet - great for those people who need to be online everytimebusiness center - 2 desktops that nobody uses. printed the tickets to &quot;love - cirque de soleil&quot; there. pet friendly - i saw pets all over the hotel free breakfast - weekday selections are slim - 2 kinds of sandwhiches, 3 kinds of cereal, 3 kinds of juices, a couple of pastries and thats it. weekend selections add pancakes, sausages and scrambled eggs to the choices mentioned above	
Aug 14 2009 	Wonderful hotel!!!	We came to Las Vegas for a family event from Massachusetts and stayed here at the recommendation of my cousin. I'm so glad he steered us here. It's relatively new and has a modern urban decor. The space (general hotel and rooms) are upscale and very comfortable. We got an upgrade to a studio suite and we're very happy with the room. The bed is super comfortable, as is the couch. We have a very functional kitchen which has been very useful. Good shower and bathroom has more than adequate counter space.The staff has been very courteous and helpful. Well stocked workout room and common areas. The breakfast is more substantial than continental but not by much but that suits us just fine. While our room overlooks the highway (215), behind it are mountains. We also love the fact that it's quiet (even with the highway)...no casino and excessive lights and noise. If we want the Strip experience, it's an easy shot down Flamingo Road, but we don't have to be in the center of all of that chaos.If you're coming to LV for the Strip experience, you'd be better off staying there. But if you want to be able to take or leave that aspect of LV, this is a wonderful oasis.	
Aug 13 2009 	Love it	We loved the hotel, the hotel is great and clean. When we arrived, the room type we had requested was not available so they upgraded us to a suite at no extra charge.The suite was large and well kept.Great room for money!	
Aug 7 2009 	Overly Exceeded My Expectations!!!	I was looking for rooms &quot;on the strip&quot; and found prices for the weekend to be a bit much. I looked on TripAdvisor and stumbled upon this off the strip hotel. BEST hotel I have ever stayed at in Vegas. Away from the smoke of the strip but close enough to drive to the strip. Recommended for people with a car to get to the strip. For those looking for a retreat hotel -- THE BEST!!! It's remotely located enough to have a secluded feel but close enough to shops and restaurants.	
Aug 6 2009 	Wonderful hotel at a great price!	Traveling through and needed somewhere to stay for one night that was &quot;dog friendly&quot;. Had never heard of Element, a new chain in the Westin Brand but they allowed pets so we booked.WOW! For less than $100 we got a mini-suite, queen bed room with FULL kitchen. Extremely clean and nicely furnished! Breakfast was free and lncluded the usual fare along with hot items (eggs and pancakes), yogurt &quot;smoothies&quot;, and their &quot;signature&quot; english muffin sandwiches of egg whites, tomato and cheese. My husband usually runs in the mornings, rarely using fitness rooms as their equipment is usually so bad. Surprise...the equipment was new and of good quality!I also liked that they had hanging, locked shampoo and soap dispensers in the shower, instead of the plastic, one use bottles.The only issue we had was that their street wasn't in our GPS, so I called the hotel. The hotel is on Discovery Drive, a cross street of Town Center Drive, but the woman working couldn't tell us what &quot;hundred block&quot; of Town Center they were at, or which way we should turn from the road we were on, so we ended up turning the wrong way. I had to call the hotel again, and another woman tried to use MapQuest to help us find the hotel as she didn't know where we were on Town Center even after I gave her cross streets! FYI - they are near 3800 South Town Center.	
Jul 25 2009 	WOW!! What a suprise!!	I was travelling with my 16 year old son and didn't know our schedule on the road trip home so my son suggested that we try Hotwire.com... We found this hotel under a three and a half stars for a great price so thought we would give it a try...Now location was nowhere near the strip that we could see, however after walking into our room this evening...Who cares?!! We checked in only 10 minutes after we booked at 11pm looking like something a cat dragged in.. The staff was welcoming and NOT snooty, a great start...And the room...wow... big, immaculate, brand new, bedding is nothing less than what I expect from a Starwood Hotel which means down filled duvets, feathery mattress pads and so many pillows!! Heavan! Shower is huge with rain shower head! And a large flat screen TV topped it off for my son! Nice touch guys!Thank you so much for making our stay wonderful!Will be posting photos soon :-)	
Jul 21 2009 	Excellent Alternative to Extended Stay/Residence Inn	I stayed in a studio king for Friday and Saturday nights. The staff was wonderful, very welcoming and helpful, but not intrusive. The lobby is spacious and comfortable. I was impressed with the materials and finishes the room. They were quality metals, wool, wood, etc. not like the office furniture-like stuff at places like Residence Inn. The room was super-clean and I had no qualms about using the dishes and other kitchen equipment. The free Wifi was one of fastest I've used.Keep in mind the hotel is located in the &quot;big box store land&quot; suburbia part of Las Vegas. I picked this hotel because I was traveling with a pet. I could have stayed at the Westin right off the Strip, but the rates here (~$75/night) were too good to pass up. I also second the reviewer below about the highway noise, you can hear it but it isn't loud enough to be disruptive. My only two complaints are the volume of the A/C and the water pressure. I gave the A/C a pass because it was one of the hottest days of the year.	
Jun 29 2009 	ELEMENT Hotel by Westin in Summerlin NV ~ F-A-B-U-L-O-U-S!	This high-tech, super contemporary hotel has it all ! Newly built in Dec. 2008 it features everything one would want in your own home. And CLEAN. Located in Summerlin on the northwest side of Las Vegas next to the red rock hills, hiking and 12 golf courses.WOW! Our room with a King Size Bed was a full 400 square feet. It featured: full kitchen with dark bamboo laminate, non-skid, non-scratch flooring, aqua-green/taupe horizontal glass tile backsplash, under cabinet lighting, quartz countertop, under-mount stainless sink, digital dishwasher and IKEA inspired MTF white cabs-(inside were very contemporary square plates and the new &quot;stemless&quot; bubble wine glasses..) toaster, full stainless steel fridge (and ice cubes) paper towels...and ORGANIC cleaning agents-Seventh Generation.Bath was a &quot;WOW&quot; also: large and super clean it featured, full wall glass shower doors + Landscape shower head + chrome handheld bar shower all set into a surround of combination brown/aqua/teal bamboo tile and and contemp square 'pool' bowl on glass counter. They provide thick white, WESTIN brand towels and a hair dryer. Bedding was all Westin - even featuring a double duvet system. If you like to sleep cold, you can turn up the AC and sleep under a lightweight TOG summer duvet, or toasty with the added heavyweight winter duvet on top. All sheets are organic cotton-and are for sale in the room's Westin catalog of soft furnishings inside the glass topped desk. Bed was large and very, very comfortable. Grandchild loved the L-shaped taupe tweed couch that faced the swiveling, HI-DEF TV. This is a great stay for the internet special of $103 per room per night. Pool was ok for lolling about-only 4 feet deep. We used the outdoor commercial sized, outdoor stainless grill and invited family over for dinner. They allow pets 40 lbs and under on the first floor.Quiet cement floor and wall construction with absolutely no noise between rooms or floors. Quiet and 30 minutes away from noisy Las Vegas gambling city centre. Price includes cooked breakfast of healthy foods: egg-white &amp; tomato english muffin sandwiches (bacon added if you prefer)- strawberry &amp; yoghurt smoothies- banana nut muffins and Danishes and great coffee!FINALLY..a Spa-like hotel that is affordable !!	
Jun 21 2009 	We'd stay at Element any time any where. A great hotel experience.	Element is a new hotel concept from W Hotels and they got it all right. Well designed, comfortable modern rooms with everything you need right at hand. Internet access. Refrigerator and oven. Well thought out desk area. Fabulous beds. Great bathrooms with spa shower. Free parking. Free breakfast with style and fresh juices. Location is away from the noise and congestion of Las Vegas which is a good thing for us. Nice restaurants and shopping in Summerlin.We were so glad to find Element. The best new concept in hotels today. Only thing I would change is towels could be bigger and fluffier.	
May 15 2009 	Terrific hotel great staff amazing value	I stayed here for two nights for several business meetings occuring outside of Summerlin. It's a bit of a drive to get to most places in Vegas, particularly the Strip, but this hotel is so worth the drive. The rooms are huge, with new appliances, kitchens, free business center services, and free breakfast. All for reasonable rates. I highly recommend this hotel. Plus, the staff is excellent. I can't say enough good things about it. It's now my hotel of choice whenever I go to Vegas for meetings.	
May 14 2009 	Our First Element. Wish there were more.	Love this new chain of hotels from Starwood Preferred. Very stylish large rooms, well laid out. Bathrooms are terrific. Full kitchens include burners and oven, full size fridge, microwave and sink. All in stainless. Great desk space, LTV hi-def, iPod docking stationm, bathroom with great shower and vessel sink. I've never seen a room like this, modern and functional. Wonderful W beds. Free internet and breakfast. This is our new first choice when we're traveling. I heartily recommend Element to all.	
Apr 30 2009 	Best Extended Stay Concept	This is the best extended stay hotel chain I have stayed in yet. Hands down beats the competition. Problem is there aren’t that many around. I like the overall design and function of the Element better than their new sister chain Aloft. Element exudes quality Aloft exudes cheap. Hotel is generally quiet on the week days and really busy with families on weekends. Try to get a room (with an even number?) that does not face the highway- some road noise seeps in. Not enough to keep you up at night but noticeable. Location: Easy access off of 215 on the West side of Las Vegas, this is not a place to stay if you want to walk the Las Vegas strip. There is a gas/convenience store across the street, an Albertson’s grocery store 15 min walk and by car there is plenty of shopping and restaurants one and two miles away. Outside the hotel there are long stretches of wide side walks good for running/joggingStaff: Friendly and courteous. The staff appeared to like working here which translates. Facilities: Modern minimalist. Pictures on their website are accurate. The social area has a large screen TV and a Nintendo Wii. There are two desktop computers for personal use and a kiosk for airline check in. Exercise facility had duplicate machines. Amenities: DVD Player, Flat Panel TV, Full Kitchen Frig/Dishwasher/Stovetop- no oven, plenty of dishware/flatware/pots and pans. They even supply sea salt and pepper corn grinders. Breakfast bar was well maintained and usually had one or two unique main course items a day. Evening appetizers were different each night and interesting not the usual fare you might find at a concierge lounge. Neither was a grand experience but enough to satisfy.Security: Room has hotel safe. The outside was well lit at night. Newly built up area felt safe.	
Apr 7 2009 	Loved this place!	April 4 - April 6This hotel was first opened on December 18, 2008, so everything is brand new and clean. Hotel came with everything, HD tv with HD programming, Westin bed, full kitchen with all GE appliances (full-size fridge, cooktop, microwave), plates, utensiles, etc. The bathroom was extremely bright and pleasant, with a huge shower, large mirrors and natural shampoos and soaps. In the morning, we would go downstairs for free breakfast, inluding pancakes, eggs, sausage, bagels, pastries, breakfast sandwiches, multiple juices, you name it. We found the hotel extremely comfortable and stayed in a whole day after breakfast without leaving. I completely disagree with the other reviewer about noise. We stayed on the second floor and the hotel is almost soundproof from outside noise. The hotel is about 10-15 minutes from the Strip, which isn't too far away. The area was quiet and relaxing, and less than 10 minutes from Red Rocks National Conservation Area. If you feel like going grocery shopping or grabbing a cup of joe elsewhere, there are plenty of shopping centers nearby. Overall, highly recommended!	
Apr 5 2009 	Westin's Element Great Deal in Vegas	$99 on a Saturday night! All non smoking. 1 mile from Red Rock Casino on 215. Westin bed. Rain locker shower. Hot breakfast. The mod stuff is wasted on me. Some road and airport noise, bring ear plugs. This is an intro rate thru the website. Vegas on a Sat nite, $99.	
Mar 22 2009 	Pleasant alternative to the Strip!	The Element is a great place to stay when you want to avoid the congestion, noise, and expense of the Strip. My partner and I stayed one night on our way to Death Valley National Park, and we loved the cool, modern design of the Element. We had a one room suite that included complete kitchen facilities, sitting area, and complimentary wireless internet service. The bed was just short of Westin's Heavenly Bed in comfort, but the shower and bath facilities were great! The hotel's workout room is well equipped, bright, and clean. Our room faced the highway, and we wouldn't have known without looking out the window--sound proofing was excellent.The only drawback (as mentioned by another reviewer as well): Breakfast service is woefully inadequate. The idea is excellent, but the Sunday morning on which we ambled down to the lobby area we found an army of guests including several families waiting for THE SINGLE STAFF PERSON to bring more breakfast burritos to the breakfast &quot;buffet.&quot; A dozen burritos would arrive...a dozen burritos would disappear in a flash leaving everyone else waiting for the next delivery. The other components of the buffet--pastries, bread, yogurt--had all disappeared a long time ago. We would have been better off going to a local grocery store and buying some breakfast items for preparation in our gorgeous kitchen! (The hotel has a small pantry where you can buy a limited selection of frozen foods, pasta, and tomato sauce. Apparently wine and beer will be coming soon, but there is no full bar as in the Aloft Hotels) Or, there are several upscale coffee houses and restaurants in nearby Summerlin shopping malls that provide morning food service.Breakfast (or lack of it) won't stop us from returning to the Element. It's a comfortable, relaxing and low-stress place to stay.	
Mar 21 2009 	Nice modern hotel good value	We stayed here in March. The hotel appears geared to the business crowd however we were attending a large swim meet (swim meet not at the hotel) and many of the rooms were booked to swimmers. Anyone looking a nice hotel away from the strip would like this property. The hotel is new and the rooms all have contemporary style decorating. Our room had a king bed - very nice bed, a couch, kitchenette and a good sized bathroom. All very clean and well stocked. Some rooms look out to the freeway. The freeway is noisy however these rooms have more light and have a view of the desert. The gym is well equiped and there is a pool. For those that want a larger gym or pool, Las Vegas Fitness is very close and offers memberships by the day or week. The staff at the hotel was helpful and courteous. My one complaint is the free breakfast. The food is really subpar. Granted it is free, however it could be better. This is a great hotel for those that do not want to stay on the strip. It is close to everything yet not in the midst of the casinos. We got a good deal on Expedia.	
Feb 5 2009 	Locals Favorite	Our first &quot;Element&quot; experience. We only live two hours away and use a Vegas hotel for overnight business functions only. First of all, everything about the Element franchise reaches out to our sensibilities, the food in the morning, much better than you are use to for this hotel class, trust me, the decor, the shower, the natural light, work out facilities, etc. Secondly, the Vegas staff was fantastic in every way. Attentive, polite, professional. This location on 215 is real quiet, yet accessible to everything. I am a full time climber and guide at Red Rocks, for this it is perfect. My wife attends horse shows and no matter how far she has to drive across town, would rather stay here, clean, quiet, exacting atmosphere.	
