	Maybe I expected too much	Let me just say that the hotel wasn't really that bad but just thought I was going to get a little more. The rooms are a good size. But to me the rooms really weren't all that updated or clean for that matter (at least ours wasn't). We did have family in two other rooms in the hotel and their rooms were much better and updated compared to ours. While our room was a &quot;non-smoking&quot; room, we found a cigarette butt on the floor by the living area and I left it to see if the cleaning person would ever pick it up. Unfortunately, the answer is &quot;NO&quot;. There were many maintenance issues in the room that should be addressed that they obviously overlook. The one I thought was probably most important was that the metal on the handle of the tub faucet was extremely hot even before I turned the water on. And when cold water should be coming out, it was scalding water. Hotel personnel were always personable so no complaints there. Even with the fact that we were traveling with teens (and boys at that) there was an overabundance of teens throughout the hotel, especially the casino and behaving in a way I hope my son never does. I'm not a hotel snob but I guess I like a little better than this.	
	Staying at The Orleans Hotel 	Off the strip cheap fun! The rooms are nice and there is a huge variety of places to eat. Fun atmosphere!	
Nov 26 2009 	The Orleans Not the Stardust but...........	We really enjoy the Orleans, a lot of the people and our host are from the great old Stardust. The only complaint we have is with the players club. It is geared to the local market and makes no provisions to obtain a higher tier rating for out-of-towners. It's very difficult (and expensive) to become high ranking.	
Nov 24 2009 	We enjoyed our stay at The Orleans very much!	The Orleans has a lot of very nice and helpful employees. The rooms and restaurantsare also very nice. We will be staying there again on our future trips to Vegas.	
Nov 23 2009 	Fabulous Value Wonderful Staff Great Decor Slots Pay Off A Bargain!	We loved loved loved the Orleans! Staff is cheerful and professional. Large, comfortable, nicely decorated room with a fabulous view of the strip. Mardi Gras decor of the hotel is charming and fun. Slots pay much better than many casinos. Great jazz band in the pub with many local musicians sitting in. Appreciated the daily ten minute internet access. Hotel and room were very clean and casino was not too smoke filled. Two minor complaints: 1. coffee maker in room is a one cup deal so if you like coffee bring your own coffee maker &amp; coffee &amp; 2. shuttle to the strip had one very sour driver who on numerous occasions would not even acknowledge a friendly hello. Shuttle service IS excellent, drops you in the Bellagio/Bally's area. We actually appreciated the fact that the Orleans was off strip, the energy is far less frenetic than on the strip. All in all the Orleans is a fantastic bargain and when we return we will not stay any where else!	
Nov 22 2009 	REALLY NICE PLACE TO STAY!!!!	It's conveiniently located near the strip... literally like 5 min. away (max) &amp; the service as well as the casino itself was great! Great customer service!!	
Nov 21 2009 	Our Favorite Hotel in Las Vegas	The Orleans Hotel &amp; Casino is the best place to stay in all of Las Vegas. I have been vacationing in Las Vegas for 21 years and have stayed at many different hotels, but only began to stay at the Orleans during the last 2 years. I discovered that being off the strip is a good thing and enjoying your stay in a hotel is most important. I love gambling at the Orleans and very seldom have the desire to gamble elsewhere. Give the hotel a try, you won't be disappointed.	
Nov 21 2009 	Best Value in Vegas	The value at the Orleans is the best in Las Vegas. The gaming is tops and the people are great. You can spend a lot more on the strip and get less.	
Nov 19 2009 	Nice hotel	The hotel was clean and secure. The staff was very helpful and there was lots to do as a family, on site. The selection of cafes and resturants was excellent, and the shuttle to the strip was on time and clean	
Nov 19 2009 	an amazing value	I compared around to find a hotel that met my needs. I wanted child care center on site, coffee maker in room, cheap buffet. I found those at Orleans plus much more. The rooms were adorable; cute deco and nice to have sitting area with sofa. Check in and out was fast and easy. Fun specials after midnight in coffee shop like steak &amp; eggs for $4. One did we did the all day wrist band for $21 at buffet and the best selling point on that is that you jump ahead of everyone standing in lines to be seated right away. Shuttle to and from the strip worked nicely for us.	
Nov 18 2009 	A Wonderful Hotel Off-Strip	I absolutely loved this hotel. My stay was from Nov. 10 - 17, 2009. I asked for a 2-Queen bed room that was quiet, far from the elevators and didn't smell like smoke. I got exactly that. The room was very nice with a view of the south end of the strip viewable from the bathroom window. The bathroom was big and comfortable as well. The only issue I had was with the TV remote. It wasn't working very well so I called Housekeeping and they had another one sent up to me within 10 minutes. The buffet was good and inexpensive. Fuddruckers was great! It's a little burger shop in the food court that I ate at almost every day. The staff in every department I dealt with were very friendly. I have no complaints about this hotel or my stay. When you check in - get a players card! It will save you money in the buffet. I did not use the Spa, the Theatres or the Pool. I don't even know if the pool was open. The casino did smell very smoky but not as bad as others on the strip.The shuttle to and from the hotel to the strip was fast and extremely convenient. This hotel was within walking distance to a Walgreens drug store but you could get most drug store stuff in the gift shop. Walmart and Target are not too far away.Check-in was fast - the woman at the front desk knew what she was doing.There is a Seattle's Best Coffee shop in the lobby, as well as a Fuddruckers. Sbarro, Baskin-Robbins and a Subway in the food court. TGIFriday's and the Courtyard Cafe are in the casino. If you're a fan of really good prime rib - go to The Prime Rib Loft. It was sooooo good.I also attended a Wranglers game while I was there. The Orleans Arena is attached to the hotel. I will go back to this hotel again for sure.	
Nov 18 2009 	Very good value but has a few tradeoffs	Our stay totaled three nights. The first one we payed for at roughly $35 for a king NS room. The next two nights were comp'd as part of a limited-time offer promotional package. So the room costs were quite low. The room was very large. The king bed was very firm and somewhat noisy. We did not have many problems with noise from rooms around us. TV channel selection is extremely poor; they definitely do not want you spending your time in the rooms. There is no wireless network coverage in the rooms themselves. There is free wireless in the coffee shop in the Casino area. There is cabled network available in the rooms, but it cost about $13 per 24 hour period. Several restaurants inside the hotel to choose from. We ate twice (breakfast and dinner) at the French Market buffet, which was very good. This hotel is about a half mile or so from the strip; I wouldn't plan on walking there. There is free outdoor parking available, but it can be quite a walk from the parking lot to the room elevators. Had spotty service from various staff. All were friendly, but sometimes slow to respond (bellboy) or otherwise just not helpful in resolving some issues (registration). Very nice fitness center with well-maintained equipment.	
Nov 18 2009 	Still a Good Value	My husband and I have been staying at the Orleans for a number of years.They have recently replaced all of their carpet in the casino area, they continue to remodel and expand. This is a very clean, well run casino. Housekeeping has always been excellent.The buffet, and other restaurants are always very good, and a lotcheaper than on the strip.We were disappointed that their shuttle no longer drops off at Bill's, but now goes to Tropicana. As with all casino's, the main casino area'sallow smoking. It is well ventilated, and doesn't bother me, unless I'm sitting right next to someone. Good variety of slots, and table games.I would highly reccomend the Orleans.	
Nov 16 2009 	Excellent place to stay for family and friends.	The Orleans hotel and casino is an excellent place to stay even with children. The room is very spacious, beds are very comfortable, very clean and the service is excellent.We surely be back soon.	
Nov 16 2009 	Not what we expected for the price	We stayed at the Orleans for an evening, and were not really impressed, especially with the bed. It was one of the most uncomfortable hotel beds we'd ever had, might as well have slept on the floor! The Orleans is also over a mile from the strip, not something we were aware of when we booked it. There were closer, better, cheaper rooms on the strip itself. The New Orleans theme is mainly on the outside of the hotel, once inside, it's pretty much a standard hotel, which was disapointing.There are a couple of things that make it not completely terrible, the room was large &amp; clean, and if we'd wanted to see a movie, they have their own theater. But I wouldn't go back mainly because of the beds.	
Nov 15 2009 	Extremely reasonably priced rooms food 	Spacious rooms with comfy beds, included a lounge area. No fridge, only on request. Very clean and tidying was regular. Quality complimentary bath products. On site gift shop was reasonably priced and offered huge variety. Great attractions on site such as huge tenpin alley, many cinemas &amp; Rocky Mountain Chocolate store. Great variety of restaurants and food court - all very reasonably priced with crazy pricing specials between 12am and 6am. Excellent value for families. 10Min free internet at on site cafe - wireless/conected internet in room charged at daily rate.	
Nov 15 2009 	Love the Orleans!	The Orleans has it all! We enjoy staying at the Orleans for their great staff and accommodations. No need to run all over Las Vegas as the gaming is fun and has great variety. Great selection of restaurants and the Orleans staff is always friendly and accommodating. We won't stay anywhere else but the Orleans.	
Nov 15 2009 	Unimpressive Orleans Hotel	This is one hotel in Las Vegas to stay away from . It's off the Strip, but that's no reason to provide a low level of comfort, cleanliness and service. I am not really a gambler so cannot comment on the Casino but the word seedy comes to mind. The most disturbing feature of the Casino was the payday check cashing desk with a long lineup and people in line who clearly could not afford to lose their weekly paycheck!I had the overall feeling that the room I had was not all that clean. The carpets were certainly not clean while the room seemed to be falling into disrepair.I would never stay there again, nor would I recommend that anyone stay there give the much more appealing options on the Strip that aren't necessarily that much more expensive.	
Nov 13 2009 	Great for the Price	This is the fourth time we've stayed there over the last 5 years and have found the hotel the best value for the price. The rooms are clean as is the hotel itsself. Check-in and check-out when smoothly and we encountered no problems with billing or our reservations. If your looking for luxury stay at one of the high price hotels on the strip as this hotel is not the Palms, Rio, Ventian, etc. and doesn't pretend to be. But for the price I don't think one can find a better hotel. Yes, it's off the strip but one also doesn't have to put up with the rush and crowds that wonder into the other casinos on the strip. Let's just say it gives you that small town feeling in a big city. The price is great as we got two nights comp and only paid $42.00 a night for the other two nights, granted it was Sunday thru Thursday but I couldn't find a hotel on the strip offering comparable pricing. Every year we say we're going to try another hotel on the strip but we keep coming back to the Orleans because of the price, service and cleanliness of the rooms. The rooms are not the fancy luxury rooms you find on the strip but who spends alot of time in the room except to sleep. I can guarantee you if the rooms were not clean we'd be staying somewhere else. The pool is nothing fancy but serves the purpose. We did find the casino area more smoky this time than our previous visits for whatever reason. We only ate at Fridays, the Courtyard cafe and the Market buffet at which the food and service was fine for the price, but I'm not a great fan on buffets. After many years I've come to the conclusion it's not one casino or the other that pays better but the slot machine you happen to be on as I've won on some of the slots and lost on others, it all comes down to luck. They have cut back on staff as I didn't see the cocktail girls come around as often as before while playing the slots. If you stay during the weekdays they also have limited live entertainment but we took the shuttle down to the strip and went to some of the other expensive hotels to watch the lounge shows. Like I said before if your looking for a luxury hotel and every amenity stay in one of the expensive strip hotels but if your looking for a clean, inexpensive, and friendly hotel the Orleans will fit the bill.	
Nov 13 2009 	Loved it!!	The Orleans is just off the strip. The staff is mostly a friendly one. The Check-in was a bit cold by the little girl at the counter , she looked bored and un-interested in us as a paying guest and she delt with us in like fashion. This would have been a great op for The Orleans to shine. At this time we should have been told where everything was and the rules (including the 5.00 per day resort fee) The in-room cost of internet (which is 12.99 per day) however you can acess it at Seattle'ss Best for free. She should also have told us that the security guard at the elevators would check our right to be in the hotel portion of the casino. I Knew about this only from Trip Advisor. But I would rather have them check it. The only time we were checked was at shift change, otherwise we were free to come and go - you just need to say hello to security on your way too and from so that they will remember you. The Orleans has a shuttle that will take you to the strip. It runs from 9am to 12:30 am and picks up about every 10 min. If you prefer a cab: cost from the MGM Grand to the hotel was only 6.50 (remember to tip) The French market buffet is amazing and fairly inexpensive. You can buy a wristband for all three meals for the cost of dinner and lunch. If you don't go for any other reason - go for the desserts. Those are worth the cost alone.All the staff on the floor were very helpfull. from the maids to the food court to the cocktail waitresses on the floor.I would highly recommend The Orleans. The decor alone is different from the rest of the casino - and fun.Rooms are very clean and exactly as pictured. No bait and switch going on here. Coffe pot is actually a single serve pod brewed into a cup. Safe didn't have any instructions (again check-in should have explained) Beds clean and comfortable. Very little noise could be heard by near-by quest rooms. Some of the rooms have great views of the strip.Parking is on an open muli-level structure, Walking to room with 5 bags was a bit of a pain but they do have a valet. Very secure and is patrolled. Pool area is pretty but closes at 6pm. Hot tub is circular and has a nest of palm trees in the center. Cabana's are available and the lifeguards are very nice.	
Nov 13 2009 	Yikes - not what we expected - sort of seedy and poorly maintained	We chose this hotel based on Tripadvisor comments. Our room had filthy carpet and a chemical smell. We had to run the cold water faucet for 5 minutes to get cold out because we were at the end of the hall and the hot and cold pipes must lay too close together and we initially had hot coming out of both sides of the faucet. The hallways are beautiful, but the whole place is a bit &quot;scuzzy&quot;. We have two small kids and didn't like the way that this hotel centers everything around the Casino. The women serving in the Casino wear a sort of Playboy Bunny outfit and it is a bit much for small children and a man who would rather focus on the beauty of his family.	
Nov 12 2009 	comfortable atmosphere	Las Vegas is in general FAST, we find The Orleans a much needed relaxing property. The Orleans has all the amenities of any of the large resorts, but with a homey touch. The Prime Rib at the &quot;Rib Loft&quot; is to die for, and at an extremely reasonable price. I highly recomend The Orleans, but to be selfish would prefer to keep it my secret get away.	
Nov 11 2009 	Getting run down	We stayed at The Orleans from November 4-8, 2009. The hotel is getting pretty run down for the price. The room was clean and comfortable except for the air conditioning. The room would not get cold enough for us at night (only down to around 70) and the air conditioning unit ran all night and was very loud. I think there are better buys elsewere.	
Nov 11 2009 	another POSITIVE for the ORLEANS	Once again, great stay at the ORLEANS. service great, drinks great, staff friendly and helpful. brunch on sunday has improved imo, my meal at the oyster bar was part very good and part ok. love the chowder, crap salad was blah. i will continue to stay at the ORLEANS. I would only suggest after reading other reviews is to have a vehicle or stay on the STRIP if u are a VEGAS first timer.	
Nov 11 2009 	The Orleans offers the best service and the best value to their customers.	The people at the Orleans are all very friendly, courteous and helpful with anything you need. Our stay was very comfortable and we had a great time too.	
Nov 10 2009 	Great Value in Vegas	I wanted to pay for the hotel rooms for my Dad, stepmom, and 2 older sisters, and I spent a lot of time cruising through Expedia, reading all the reviews. I wanted to show them a good time, so I looked for a deal on the Strip at first. Then, decided to go for The Orleans off the Strip, to save a little bit of money so that I could have some money left for the rest of the solo part of my trip back to the States. Good choice. It´s a lot of hotel for the 35-40 bucks a night I paid per room. You really didn´t need to leave the hotel for the strip, because everything is in there. It's pretty large. My step-mom and my sisters spent the bulk of their money on the in-house slots, we had most of our meals there; and they had a very nice,well-equipped gym which I used the 3 days we were there. They had an outside pool and a movie theater that we didn't use, but it was nice that they were available. The rooms were very spacious.. My sisters aren't tiny people with small personalities, so I was concerned that we would feel claustrophobic in a short amount of time. However, the room with 2 queen beds was large enough for all of us to sleep and to co-exist comfortably. The bathroom was a nice size, and there was a small sitting area with a 2-seater couch, another chair, and a coffee table. The room also included a coffee machine. My parents were across the hall in their room with 1 king bed that was comfortable, too. Very clean, spacious, and quiet. I'm not much of a gambler, but my family seemed to enjoy it. It seemed like it offered a nice variety of games, but I can't make too many comments about that. The only thing I didn't like was that there was smoking allowed in the gambling hall, but I suppose that's to be expected. The restaurants were good. We tried the Chinese place, the cafe, and the morning buffet. All were relatively inexpensive, with a decent variety of food. The hotel gave us coupons for the the buffet when we checked in. The free shuttle to the strip was a good feature. We took it out there, and it dropped us off across the street from Caesar's Palace. We ended up taking a taxi back, which wasn't that expensive. We also took a taxi out to one of the shopping outlets, which had some pretty good deals. There was plenty of free parking around the hotel. Overall, it was a great stay and very easy on my wallet! I would definitely return.	
Nov 9 2009 	Stay Clear Of This Dump	This hotel is a dump. My husband and I decided last minute that we wanted to go to Vegas on a Friday night, The hotel is in an awful part of town, with strip clubs and sleazy sex stores. The smell of sewage, as you drive into the location will blow you away. We thought this would be an affordable clean place due to the reviews on Tripadvisor.When we entered the hotel room I was totally disappointed. The room is dark, the bed and the pillows are hard and uncomfortable. The shower was clogged, and the water came up to mid leg. The sink was clogged as well and the safe didin't work.If you are on a tight budget and don't care about the room, the sleezy location, and the clientele this is the place for you.	
Nov 9 2009 	We've visited Las Vegas many times and the Orleans has become our favourite place to stay.	We enjoy the Orleans because it is located off the strip away from the excessive crowds. We love to walk during the day and we can do so without being jostled by hundreds of people. When we do want to visit the strip we can use the Orleans free shuttle. We like the food at the Orleans and during our recent visit of ten days we ate at another casino only once. The Orleans has great slots and a variety of video poker machines which are our favourites. Our room was spacious and comfortable and the service staff always manged to have it made up before our return from breakfast.	
Nov 9 2009 	I had the time of my life and staff couldn't have been more friendly or helpful!	We have been staying at the Orleans ever since Stardust left. I love it. The staff are the best, so friendly and helpful. This was the best trip ever. Hit Royal, 4 Aces and 4 Wild 2's not the same day of course, but this trip. They have such a variety of slots, video poker and tables. My whole extended family had a blast, and the security man new us all by the end of the trip. He could tell us who was up in the rooms or down in the casino. They are the BEST!!	
Nov 5 2009 	GOOD TIMES...GOOD TIMES!	Went to Vegas to celebrate my birthday late October. The Orleans is my favorite hotel. Check in/out took 5 minutes. The staff is friendly and the waitressess are always making sure you have a drink. The maids were awesome (tip your maids). The rooms are HUGE and you get a coffee maker! Love the window in the bathroom. The Orleans is off the strip which is a nice change from the &quot;craziness&quot; of the strip. The Orleans has a shuttle that runs frequently that will take you to their sister property (Gold Coast) and the strip. I had so much fun at the Orleans and the tables were VERY good to me for my birthday! I can't comment on the food because we mainly hit the 24 food court (which was good). I can't wait to return in June. Orleans ROCKS!	
Nov 5 2009 	I like the Orleans	Friendly staff, fun place to stay, nice rooms, good gaming, good food. Off the strip, so may not be a convenient location for some, but they have everything I want on the premises, so no need for me to go anywhere else. I recommend it all the time to friends &amp; family. All who stay there enjoy it too.	
Nov 4 2009 	The Orleans has everything	We have stayed at the Orleans many times and have never been disappointed. You won't find a better value in Las Vegas and we had stayed many places before deciding the Orleans is tops. We love the in-room coffee and how accommodating the housekeeping staff is to make sure we have coffee, towels, or what ever we need. The valet staff has always been quick and helpful and if you want to see real value go to the Courtyard Cafe. Where else can you get a midnight breakfast of steak, eggs, hashbrowns, and toast for $3.99? They are open 24 hours with inexpensive great meals. The buffet has all you want and more, and if you are looking for upscale dining, they have that too. The Orleans is one great place to stay.	
Nov 4 2009 	Best Value Hotel in Vegas	We have stayed at many different 'stars' hotels in Las Vegas, from downtown to the strip. Orleans has become our ‘go to’ hotel in Las Vegas. The staff is friendly and efficient, room is good size and well-maintained. We never had to call for service before until this recent trip. After we got into our room we noticed that the smoke alarm was beeping and a light bulb was out. Then we needed extra blankets. All these issues were handled within less than 10 minutes. We appreciated the prompt response. I guess the only down side is the air cond/heating unit. It could be a bit noisy. You can get free WIFI at Seattle best coffee. We always drive to Las Vegas so don’t mind the off strip location. It seems everyone drives in Vegas anyway. There is a shuttle bus to the strip if you don’t have a car.	
Nov 4 2009 	October Getaway	We escaped to a favorite vacation spot in October and as usual stayed at the Orleans in Las Vegas. The Orleans can always be counted upon for a good time, good food and fune atmosphere to enjoy. The rooms are always clean and the staff friendly and receptive to your needs. Staying at the Orleans has become part of a tradition when visiting Las Vegas.	
Nov 3 2009 	Loved the size of the room	The room at the Orleans is freshly remodeled and big enough to be called a Suite. The maid staff is efficient and maintains a cleanly room. The price is wonderful for what you get. It is far enough from the stip to avoid traffic and has a shuttle that drops you in the middle of the strip and runs every half hour. You can also get a taxi from the hotel which are plentiful.I loved my stay and am going back again since you can earn reward points.	
Nov 2 2009 	Overall the best hotel in Vegas........	Over the many years I've been going to Vegas, the Orleans comes out tops. I've stayed in many of the other hotels and in one way or the other, they don't begin to compare. The hotel/casino is smaller than some of the strip hotels or even the outlying hotel/casinos. It's off the strip so away from the strip chaos. It's large enough to accommodate all the needs one has at a hotel. There's a nice variety of restaurants plus other entertainment entities if you want a break from gambling. The staff is friendly and well trained. The rooms at the Orleans are always clean and well maintained. It's a great place to stay.	
Nov 1 2009 	TOP PLACE WITH KIDS OFF STRIP	Stayed 3 nights off strip due to holidaying with the kids 12,10,7. We paid $36 per night and a bit more on Friday. Had to have two rooms as occupancy max. is 4 people. Still at this price who cares. The rooms are decked out in New Orleans fashion and are very clean and quite spacious. About a mile off the strip, but hotel has free shuttle bus. It can be a little hard to get on the shuttle with a party of five The pool area is awesome and includes a bar, plenty of restaurants in the casino, bowling lanes and cinema. Casino stinks of smoke, but they all do. The rooms did not smell of smoke at all! Highly recommended for families - not as big as other casinos on strip	
Oct 30 2009 	Another great stay at the Orleans	This is our third year in a row at the Orleans and the experience has always been very enjoyable. The value was as good as it gets. Bud lights for $2 for most of our stay &amp; the wine at TGIF was half price on Monday &amp; Tuesday.We were there for 8 nights and we came back to the Orleans for our night meals every night. The resturants were all excellent quality, particulary The Loft &amp; TGIF.Shuttle to the strip this year went to the Tropicana, which was a bit of a pain, but before we left we were told that it was changing back to Bill's Gambling Hall which is more central. Can't wait to get back as soon as we can.	
Oct 29 2009 	Try this place!	We stayed at the Orleans for a single night on a seven night stay in Vegas. We are Vegas regulars (3 to 5 time annually) and usually stay at the Golden Nugget. We had a night comped to us at the Orleans so we spent our second night there.We were very impressed with the quality of this property. The rooms are large with a great view. The entire hotel is very clean and well kept. The food offering onsite is very good. The movie theatre and bowling alley are also nice touches. The casino has a great vibe to it.After many trips downtown, we are considering making the Orleans our new home base when in town. Give it a try, you will not be disappointed!	
Oct 28 2009 	"Relaxing 	This past June my wife and I decided to celebrate our 50th wedding anniversary in Las Vegas. We chose the Orleans Hotel because of the entertainment at the show room and the pleasurable experience with previous visits. We were really surprised when we received a telephone call from Anthony Taeubel VP&amp;GM of the Orleans. Mr. Taeubel just called our home to congratulate us on &quot;50 years of marriage&quot;. We enjoyed our visit in June and this past October. In our opinion the Orleans Hotel provides a friendly and courteous atmosphere with good food, clean rooms and excellent service. Needless to say we will be sure to make repeat visits to the Orleans.....	
Oct 28 2009 	A Complete Vegas Experience	Relaxing and fun with great service and quality. A real value. I think the Orleans fomulaworks and I will stay here time and time again.	
Oct 27 2009 	Family Friendly Hotel	Orleans is great if you have kids, there are lots of activities. They have a a really nice Pool and Spa. Parking is easily accessible. The Buffet is really reasonable in price and the food is good.	
Oct 26 2009 	This is a nice hotel	We arrived around 1 or 2PM on a Saturday and had no wait, and the desk clerk was attentive to my request for a room away from the noise of ice machines and elevators. I even told her we were more concerned about quiet than a view, but our room faced toward the strip and was really nice at night. I like the little window in the shower (just like the sister property, Gold Coast), and the room was like a suite with a nice couch and table for us to sit and read the paper...also a coffee maker in the room. We requested a King/Non-smoking and did receive our request...and the room was clean and in good condition. The casino is large, and we usually eat once each trip since they have a 2 for 1 at the buffet, but we also received several coupons at check-in to use on their property. We always have a rental car, but there is also shuttle service to the Gold Coast (and I think the strip) for those without cars.	
Oct 25 2009 	Great hotel	We really enjoyed our stay at the Orleans. The price was the best we could find for a large property. The check in and check out was fast and easy. We were really impressed with the size of the room. Everything was clean. I don't think you could find a better view than what we had on the 18th floor looking at the entire strip. The food choices were very good. We enjoyed going the the Orleans Arena to check out the Las Vegas Wranglers Hockey game. Very nice arena and it's right at the hotel. I would recommend this hotel to my friends and would return again.	
Oct 24 2009 	beat value for your money	We stayed at the Orleans for 6 nights. While it may not have all the flair of some of the Hotels and Casino's on the strip, our stay there was fantastic. It was very clean, the food was great, the staff was friendly, and it has the best pool area, even better than those on the strip. There is a free shuttle to the strip which is only 7 min away. There is a huge bowling alley, movie theater, gym, spa. I would stay there again if I am ever in Vegas.	
Oct 21 2009 	Great place for families	We decided to stay at The Orleans Hotel as it catered to children, and this for us was fantastic. The kids loved going to the play room, we would go up to them after 2 hours to see if they were ready to leave and they never were. It gave my husband and I a chance to have some time to ourselves, and we were able to have a meal and a few drinks knowing the kids were in good hands. We are not big gamblers, so we don't know a lot about casinos, but we found this one to be great and the staff always there with a drink.The pool, well we couldn't get the kids out of it, they loved the lounging pool it was a good size for young kids to swim around in and not worry about them getting into a deep end, there are plenty of sun lounges around and a bar in the area if you wish to have a drink. The room itself was great, with comfortable beds and a nice size bathroom, it was very clean and we did not notice any noise from other rooms at all. The hotel is modern and clean with a lot of choices in restaurants to dine in, and the food was very nice at all the places we ate at. The buffet breakfast was great value for money, and we found that if you get there just on open or with in 20 minutes of that you do not have a long wait. The valet parking was free just the cost of a tip to the person that brings you your car, and there is a shuttle bus to the strip if needed. If you choose to drive to the strip, there seems to be no problem with parking at any of the hotels along there, and the parking is free. We did venture out to the strip a couple of times, but found it to be full on and we were glad that we choose The Orleans to stay in you seem to leave the mayhem behind once you step in the hotel.	
Oct 18 2009 	take this place if you go to Vegas	This place is definatelly the best value for money we've had. If you arrive Sunday through Thursday and book or prolong directly at the reception, they charge you only 35 USD + tax (whic is only 4,2). What a great deal!So for 40 USD incl. tax pr. night you get a big room, big bathroom, all clean, money box, TV (with around 20 channels) and many things to do. And many of the rooms have a view to the mountains - ours did as well.No breakfast is included in the price, but for 8,10 USD incl. tax you get a full buffet. Or else, you can take All-you-can-eat for a day for around 24 usd incl. tax, but our experience shows that if you got a full breakfast (they serve it until 10.30, where it changes to lunch buffet) you won't need lunch at all:)The place also had a couple of other restaurants, and only in 1 of them the staff was friendly and smily.They also offer fast food stations, if you're up for that, but it's not cheap compared to the buffet, where it's a lot of choice.The place is not near the strip, but they have a free shuttle that runs every 20 min to the center of the Strip. It takes max 10min, and I wouldn't pay 50 USD more just to stay closer to that. It really went easy with the shuttle.The casino is huge, both smoking and non-smoking areas available.They have movies and bowling, which we haven't tried.Very nice pool, actually 3 of them - regular OK big, childrens pool and a warm spa pool, really nice, not small at all.Free parking.Internet is only free at the coffee shop. Otherwise they charge you 12 USD pr. day.The only minus was that the waiters at the buffet (breakfast/lunch and dinner acailable) DO NOT smile. As if they don't have a good day every day:) We stayed there for 4 nights (although only planned 1 from the beginning), so we can compare.Definatelly great value for money.	
Oct 15 2009	Home away from home	I've made the Orleans a base of operations for annual trips since they opened in 1996. The staff is the friendliest in all of Las Vegas, and the rooms are quite comfortable.	
Oct 13 2009 	excellent value...	First time in Vegas and we booked this hotel from their web site. Got and excellent deal for the time of the year.big room,friendly room attendants.They have 3 pools,about 9 restaurants,most are for fast food or buffet. The nice restaurants (2) are very good for service and food.	
Oct 11 2009 	Good Value Good Food Good Time	This hotel is well worth the value for what you get. Rooms are a good size and bathroom area is generous and well maintained. Locals come to this hotel for the buffet so you know if the locals flock here there is a reason. There is a shuttle that takes you to the Gold Coast or Tropicana Hotel. Love the 18 screen Century Theatre in the hotel as well as the bowling alley. Lots for families to do here. Only complaint is that the casino smells of cigarette smoke. Good size swimming pool and deck area. It looks like the pool has been remodelled recently.	
Oct 11 2009 	GREAT HOTEL FEELS LIKE HOME	This Hotel offers so much for so little! Great rooms, friendly staff, beautiful pool, and the Buffets are delicious. People say that it being off the strip is a disadvantage but with a shuttle running every ten minutes to the strip that only is a five minute trip I do not agree. If you want a clean well cared for hotel STAY HERE!!!	
Oct 9 2009 	Best steak in town lowest prices for suites in Vegas!	I have stayed and seen many rooms and hotels during my various Vegas excursions, but The Orleans is always a favorite. The rooms are cheap and clean compared to the others in their price range and are all &quot;mini suites&quot; with a nice sitting area.We randomly went to Canal Street, a restaurant inside the hotel and were served the best steak we have ever had in Vegas and the prices again are very reasonable. (We also dined at Brand Steakhouse on the strip and found Canal Street to be much better.)Other favorite places to eat:Mesa Grill, Earl of Sandwich, TGI Fridays.	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice 	Spacious room with coffee pot, free shuttle bus to strip. Maybe not a good choice for people like to stay in strip.	
Oct 8 2009 	good for your money	Stayed at this hotel in May with myself, my husband and two adult daughters in their early twenties. Shared a room - which was very spacious - more than enough for the four of us. Enjoyed the buffet downstairs using the buy one get one free and paid only $5 for a great lunch! This hotel is off the Strip and not downtown so we rented a car to get around. The hotel offered free parking - just a warning the parking lot was enormous and it took us several days to figure out where was the best place to park.	
Oct 8 2009 	Fantastic inexpensive fun	Second time to stay, although this time had to have handicap room. It was great, clean, the beds comfortable and the handicap bathroom was a bonus! Love the slots (won big), buffet was okay, but for the price outstanding compared to other buffets on the strip. Overall, pleasant staff, clean comfortable rooms, great casino and didn't break the bank. Will stay here again.	
Oct 8 2009 	we love this place over and over again	we have been traveling for a few years and reading trip advisor forever so we decided it was time to do our part. we have stayed here at least 7 times in our 15 trips to las vegas. we travel from north carolina and usually find the best airfare deals on southwest.we usually get our best hotel deals thru the orleans for the room. we pay 35-50 dollars a night. we are not big gamblers so we do not get comped.first know that this casino is about a mile off the strip. we love it that way we can go into the crowd on the strip and then come back to our cozy room and casino. it is also great to look at the strip at night you get a better view of the whole strip than if you are staying on it.we have rented a car, rode the bus and took the shuttle to the strip. all have worked well but we rent a car most of the time because we like daytrips outside of vegas. if you are not looking for that they have shuttle buses that take you to there brother company casinos that are on the strip. they are usually only 15 minutes apart and the work out great and they are free !!rooms are huge, always clean and we have never had one complaint when staying here.we were not as happy when we stayed at other casinos such as stratosphere, mgm, excalibur and so on.this is a reasonabel hotel, and the casino is large and great atmosphere. i LOVE THE SPORTSBOOK. the table games are busy but not overcrowded and they still have keno which alot of the other strip casinos have done away with.The favorite thing in the orleans is the food. it is reasonable and very good. The buffet is not our favorite though. a little below average to us. BUT they have Don Migueals , a great mexican place ( our favorite). they also have subway, a new fuddruckers that was above average and they also have fridays, an ice cream place and more. compared to othe casinos the best deal on food we have found for us is here.they also have movie cinema and bowling. This is the place if you are looking for a down to earth place, middle of the road casino that has great rooms, bed and extra nice bathrooms with average folks and average prices.for us it is the best of the 8 or so places in vegas we have stayed. we will be back again and again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Decent Place	No complaints. Beds good (and bouncy, LOL), roomy and clean. We had our own car, so location was not an issue.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great casino hotel	rooms are large, comfortable and clean. no more dirty bedspreads, they now have crisp white bedcovers and they change them everyday. very quiet. ask for a room near the elevator, the halls are very long.	
Oct 8 2009 	honeymoon trip to vegas	rooms were nice &amp; spacious, everything you need under one roof! Movie theater, bowling alley, shows, buffet, steak house, starbucks, subway, etc! They had shuttle running all the time which we took down to the strip. Loved the pool &amp; hot tub	
Oct 8 2009 	Perfect stay!	Stayed here for four nights in September 2009. No complains at all.Clean and comfortable room and friendly staff.Used the pool every day and also tried the food at French Market Buffet and Don Miguels and they all were really nice.	
Oct 8 2009 	Really Enjoyed this place!!!!	We stayed at the Orleans for 5 nights helping to celebrate my sister in law's birthday. Had a great time at the Orleans. The rooms are huge, and very comfortable. Had a nice view of the strip. The rooms were very clean, and smelled nice. The air conditioning was FANTASTIC!!! It nearly froze us out, and for me, it is usually hard to get a room cool enough. We were at the end of the hall, far away from the elevators, and it was very quiet. The shower had HOT water, and the pressure was great.We found plenty to do while there. Two of the days, we never even left the Orleans. We enjoyed the movie theatre, and the arcade. The casino was nice, not to crowded, and certainly not too smoky. We were pretty lucky with the slots there, especially the first couple of days. The luck ran out towards the end. Oh well...Went and checked out the pool, but it was a cool autum day with the wind blowing, so too cold outside to stay, but the pool area was very nice! The bowling alley looked fun, but didn't get time to try it out! Next time.We ate at the Orleans on several occasions. Good variety, and certainly plenty of choices that didn't break the bank! The breakfast buffet was great, and cheap! We had the Friday night seafood buffet, which was fantastic, and also the Sunday brunch. Lots of food choices, and not nearly as pricy as most of the strip hotels. Many dessert choices, and even a gelato bar included with the buffet price!! Also hit the food court, and had Baskin Robbins every night!!Overall, a great value! The shuttle that runs to the strip is great...never waited more than 10 minutes to catch it, and a couple of the drivers were really nice. Would definately stay here again!!	
Oct 7 2009 	A great off-strip value.	While celebrating my wife's 40th birthday, we decided to stay off-strip at the Orleans Hotel. The hotel was great, very clean, the room was very nice, and overall, it was a great value over staying at a higher-priced location on the Strip. We did get a renovated non-smoking room on the 13th floor, which had a nice view of the north Strip. Room was awesome, very comfortable, and better than our own bedroom at home. The room had a king bed, a couch, a chair, great bathroom, no complaints at all. The hotel offers a shuttle to the strip, actually there are 2 busses that make a loop to the Tropicana, the Gold Coast, and the Orleans, and they follow each other about 20 minutes apart. Got a breakfast buffet every morning for $5.49 (with a club card discount), how can you beat that? There is a $5/day resort fee, but that covers use of an in-room safe (loved it), in-room coffee (used it every day), 10 minutes of Internet access in the business center and use of the fitness center. I knew it going in, no big deal. The slots seemed very tight though, and we had no luck on the tables, but that's not the hotel's fault. Overall, don't really have anything negative to say, would definitely recommend this to a friend, and would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 1 2009 	Attention Walmart Shoppers this place is a good deal	I have stated at the Orleans Hotel and Casino at least 60 times in the last 5 years. I stay here not because I like it, I do not, but it is a good value. This is a large hotel and casino with a big gaming floor, multiple restaurants, room service, pool, gym, business center, gift shop, bowling alley, etc. It is, &quot;off strip&quot; meaning not in the center of the Vegas action. You get a better deal here on rooms but if you get bored with it you can't enjoy the option of walking to the next hotel like you could on strip. Walking to the main Vegas attractions is not practical, too far for many, goes though some not so nice areas, Vegas is hot in the summer and cold and windy in the winter, so you need a cab. The hotel and casino are ajacent to the Arena so very convienient if you want to see a particular show or event there.The personality of the clients in the hotel can vary significantly depending on if there is motorcycle racing, rodeo, basketball, or concert going on at the arena. The rooms are spacious with work desk and in room coffee. The maids seem to do a organized job of cleaning. All that said, THIS PLACE IS TACKY! Being a &quot;value&quot; hotel it attracts the Walmart group. If you want to impress your girlfriend go elsewhere.	
Sep 30 2009 	I expected more	The Orleans is truly a budget hotel off the strip. I expected more after reading positive reviews in Trip Advisor. The bargain side of the Orleans is balanced by the inconvenience of taking the shuttle to the strip whenever you want to be in the middle of the action. There's not much at the Orleans. The restaurants are okay, but not exceptional. None are a real value except the buffet. The gambling is not loose. I won nothing on the video poker or slots, but did win when I went to Harrah's and the Troipicana. The Orleans needs to make something, like payouts, exceptional to attract customers. Also, there are no shows during the week. You still have to go to the strip for entertainment. Kids have things to do if they like the pool, the bowling alley, and arcades. I would stay away from this bargain and instead look for a bargain on the strip.	
Sep 25 2009 	Very dirty	The hallways and rooms had a terrible sewage smell during our family's 4 day visit. In our room there was someone else's shavings left in the sink when we checked in and when I went to dry my face with a towel, I noticed on the inside of it, there were make up stains all over it. When housekeeping cleaned our room (if that's what they call it) they didn't empty our trash. They closed the pool area at 6:30 pm on a Saturday night for a private party ( which I might add did not even use the pool). All guests pay alot of money including a $5.00 a day resort fee which is for the workout room, the pool, and other services and It's crap that paying guests can't even use the pool at a time that they obviously had a high volume of guests.	
Sep 24 2009 	Very pleasant stay	Friendly staff, clean room, nothing to complain about. We weren't in the room much, but the time we spent there was great. Very clean. The check-in staff was helpful with reccommending places to go. Would reccommend highly.	
Sep 18 2009 	Great and Decent Hotel if on a budget!	Here is a 25 year old and 27 year old Married couple's review from Scotland, UK :)This is our second time at The Orleans (both times stayed in September) and as usual a very pleasant stay. Loved it! The rooms are big, always kept very clean and maid service is done daily and are friendly. The hotel rooms are a little dated however at £29 per night (dependant on time of year) who can complain. The hotel has everything you need, 11 restuarants, bowling alley, cinema, arcade, good gambling tables and 3 pools to name but a few. The pool area is good, has everything you need inlcuding big pool, baby pool and jacuzzi and the drinks are reasonably priced, throughout the hotel also.Food good, although due to the large portions and the heat we tended to only eat two meals a day if that.We also noticed the new carpets throughout the casino area, more staff at check in and the casino is not as smokey, Staff were always helpful and friendly.The only downside is the location. Last year and up until the 14th september this year(luckily as we left a few days later) the free courtesy bus has changed. It used to drop you off at Bills across from the Bellagio where all the action is and was very frequent, every 10 minutes or so as there was a few of them and the bus journey took 5 minutes.However after the 14th September this year the bus now drops you off at the Tropicana and picks you up less frequent, every half hour or so and takes alot longer, half hour or so dependant on traffic (which in vegas is busy busy 24/7). There is an upside as the Tropicana is right next to MGM, NewYork NewYork, Monte Carlo and a short walking distance to Mandalay Bay and Luxor. We done all that in one day and night. In my opinion though your better of at the Bellagio, Paris, Caesars, Flamingo, Planet Hollywood, Mirage, Treasure Island etc end. The strip is only 4 or so miles long however with traffic, lights and roadworks going on itll take you an hour and a half to get from the Mandalay Bay to Freemont Experience.Same as last year, we tended to get the free bus to the Bellagio area and back and a taxi to the top end of the strip (south end, Mandalay Bay etc) which cost roughly $12.There is sooo much to do in Vegas and have stayed here twice for 2 weeks both times and have still never seen everything.What we did do is 3 shows and loads of shopping. Mystere @ Treasure Island is a must!!! It was brilliant. Also went to see K.A @ MGM which was still good but not worth the money in my opinion and went to see Steve Wyrick @ Planet Hollywood. He was good and quite funny.All in all great value for money and cant complain really. As always loved our stay and would return to The Orleans although think we might try the strip next time however would come back!	
Sep 17 2009 	what a great stay	The hotel is great. Room was clean, spacious and nicely decorated. The staff was very friendly. The food at the Prime Loft and Canal Street Cafe was outstanding. Would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 14 2009 	A Great Hotel at a Great Price	My friend and I stayed a couple nights at the Orleans after receiving an online offer that included a number of extras with our stay. We were skeptical but we decided to give it a chance after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor.Let me tell you - this is one hidden gem! This is a fantastic hotel with a clean atmosphere, tons of things to do, and at a price that can't be beat! The hotel features a newly renovated front casino exterior, but the actual hotel (usually not pictured) is older and dated. The rooms are a great size and include everything you need. The bed and room decor are quite modern and tastful. The television was a standard CRT tube but we didn't watch any. The hotels are almost the size of some suites, featuring a full bathroom, 2 beds, television stand, dresser, and night table. The rooms also have a nice sitting area with a loveseat and coffee table and chair, which is a nice touch and gives you an idea of room size. The hotel features a number of reasonably priced franchise restaurants, including Subway, Sbarro, Fuddruckers and Seattles Best Coffee Shops, amongst others. The Subway and Fuddruckers open 24 hours a day, which is nice for a late night snack. There is also a buffet for $7.99, which features a large selection of average buffet foods. There was nothing spectacular but also nothing that I disliked at the buffet. Other restaurants include TGI Fridays, the Prime Rib Loft, Big Al's Oyster bar, and Courtyard Cafe. A lot of selection for a relatively unknown hotel!I have a couple of complaints about the hotel: When we arrived we were met by a front desk clerk who was relatively cold and unfriendly. I find that this is an immediate turn-off, especially because they are the first face you see. Secondly, there is no free internet in the rooms. As I've written before, this bothers me because its a feature that so many other hotels offer at no cost. The hotel does offer free internet at Seattles Best, which was nice because I was able to enjoy a decent coffee and do my work online in a good setting. Overall, I was very happy with this hotel and would stay again. I wouldn't stay for more than $50/night because there are other options that are nicer for that price right on the strip, but on a sale or promotion I would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Sep 12 2009 	Worth staying...especially if you're on a budget.	I'm gonna make it simple:Pros: - Price- Very large and clean rooms with sitting area- Full-length mirror (definitely comes in handy when going out)- Movie theater and bowling alley on property- Very fairly priced buffet with pretty good food- Free shuttle to the strip that left very frequently- The pool area was a bit dull but clean and we never had a problem getting chairs. Cons: - Closet is in the bathroom (not sure why that made sense to somebody)- Poor water pressure in shower- Casino full of smokers (even in nonsmoking section!) so we couldn't gamble there.- The fact that the shuttle ends at 12AM (seems late but isn't late enough in Vegas)- The $5 resort fee per night for the fitness center, etc. is ridiculous since we didn't use it.Overall, it is definitely a hotel worth staying in and would go back in a heartbeat if the price stays low. Can't beat the price and it isn't too far from the strip.	
Sep 11 2009 	Great Value Hotel	Stayed at the Orleans for four nights. The room rates were fantastic. The room was very clean and quite large. The bed was comfortable, but the bedding left a bit to be desired. One thin blanket and a sheet, no comforter. The casino was very large and had all of the table games and a good variety of slots. Unfortunately while we were there, 2 of the restaurants were closed. We did eat at the Prime Rib Loft, which I liked, but I had chicken. My husband had prime rib and was not impressed. We also ate a Don Miguels. Very good and a good value as well. We had breakfast at the buffet, and while it was no Bellagio, for the price it was good. For me the main negative about the Orleans is the location. While there was the shuttle to the strip, it is more convenient to get to other casinos and restaurants when staying on the strip. Again, it was a great value for the money and we had a fantastic time while we were there.	
Sep 9 2009 	not so good!	The hotel it self was clean. The room was a little out dated, but you get what you pay for. The beds were comfortable and the service was fine.The bad part about this hotel was the people that hang out here. Verydrunk and scary people at night. I'm not talking partiers either I'm talking drunkand creepy! There were times where I had to get up and leave just to get awayfrom some of them. I difantly will never stay here again, sorry!! I'm going backto green Valley, first class all the way!	
Sep 7 2009 	So much fun	We stayed at the Orleans and had a great time. There was so much to do in and around the hotel. The pub across the street was fantastic. The location was great because we could drive down a side road and avoid all the trafic on the strip whenever we went there. We pretty much entertained ourselves for 4 days straight just at the Orleans there was lots to do and unpretentious. We will definitely stay here again.	
Sep 6 2009 	Great value for the money	I was staying in Vegas on business for the week. Enjoyed the spacious and quiet room. Individual A/C control is very precise. Small work desk, comfortable bed, safe to put my paperwork in, all very nice. 24 hour food or entertainment downstairs. Ate at Big Al's Oyster Bar downstairs. It had just been renovated and the food was outstanding. Ordered the gumbo and instead of spooning some out of a pre-made batch, the chef hand selects shrimp, chicken, sausage, vegetables, spices, and sauce and cooks your own serving in a small stainless pot. The pot is one of maybe 10 in a row that is used to cook each individual order as is comes in. They are all lined up in a row right at the bar. Fun to watch as each dish is prepared to order right in front of you. Best gumbo I have ever eaten. Worked on it for 20 minutes then had to ask for a to go box so not to waste a bite. Fabulous, and not too expensive. I always have to watch my expenses on the road, and I wish every place I stay was as good as the week spent here.	
Sep 5 2009 	Average Clean Hotel	The Orleans is a good choice for budget travelers.This was a weekend get away.Check-in was smooth and my request for a King non-smoking was honored. I was able to check in on a Sunday at 2pm. The room is a nice size. It is clean but nothing special. I did notice my bedding had several rips in it. The only problem with the room layout is that the bathroom is by the window at the rear of the room so your bed is close to the door -- and you can hear all the noises of the hallway from screaming kids to drunks slamming doors.We ate at the Prim Rib Loft and it was good for the price of $14. Service was SLOW , SLOW, SLOW. I would rate this as average for Prime Rib but for the price and all that comes with it, not bad.The casino bars only had some ladies of the evening sitting at them and it was hard to get the bartender to serve a second round. That is how we ended up at TGI Fridays. Go there for drinks. Good prices, fast service and friendly bartenders. The casino bartenders could learn not chat up the cocktail waitress and serve the paying guests.We used the pool for one day and a cabana was only $50 -- offering bottled water, TV, fridge and a place out of the sun. However, I was promissed the large cabana and ended up the one the size of a closet that two people could bearly sit in. The pool manager was not friendly, nice or courtous. She said, &quot;Oh well&quot; to me about the cabana and I even had spoken to her the day prior confirmed a larger cabana. Only food service is from Fudruckers and no cocktail service. You have to make it up to the bar yourserlf. The pool is not meant for swimming at 3ft deep but nice a for a dip and a great hot tub.Ordered room service for breakfast and the meal looked like it was taken off the buffett. Not expesive but quality left something to be said. They do not do an auto grad on the bill which is a nice surprise.Oversall this is an anverage clean hotel/casino. If you are looking for simple and clean away from the strip here you go!	
Sep 4 2009 	Outstanding for the money!	First trip to Vegas, but not the last. The Orleans was recommended by a friend. The location isn't great, but they offer a free shuttle. This place offers a lot! Tons of food choices, good casino, movie theatres, bowling lanes, good rooms. TIP: The hotel is a bit dated and worn. Ask for a room in the 3rd tower which I believe is the newest area. The 1st room we saw was kind of outdated. We asked to be moved and it was much better. NOT SO GREAT: the selection of tv channels is aweful!!! At night when you've returned exhausted, I like to watch some tv to unwind before I go to sleep. There are no good channels, except TBS. I Dream of Geenie was on constantly! Brutal! If you are a non-smoker, you'll die in Vegas! People smoke EVERYWHERE!!!	
Aug 30 2009 	Fantastic	This was our 2nd visit to the Orleans and it was even better then the first....Room was excellent and service from the front desk to any of the many restaurants was wonderful. It is well worth staying off the strip.	
Aug 30 2009 	The Orleans	Colleagues and I attended a work conference here two years ago. The rooms were quiet and comfortable. We had a great time because the hotel offered everything a Vegas traveler would need. From the conference room to the hotels workout facility and pool to restaurants it has everything one would need. The hotel even offers a free shuttle to the strip just minutes away so having a car isn't even necessary. It's located on Tropicana and one mile west of Las Vegas Blvd. So, if your looking for value and a nice place to stay, I would highly recommend &quot;The Orleans.&quot; It's even family friendly since it has movies and a bowling alley.	
Aug 29 2009 	Great resort/Hotel	We stayed at the Orleans Aug. 17-20. This was our first time at this location and we highly recommend this property. We had a standard King room on the 10th floor looking out at the strip for a great view. The room seemed fresh and updated with good housekeeping service and comfortable bed.We like the pool area, it is large and well maintained and not over crowded. The best part for us was that the pool is open untill 9:00 at night, we like to go swimming at night, most Las Vegas hotel pools close early.Free shuttle service takes you to Bills right at mid strip and pics up at the same location, very handy so we did not rent a car this trip.For food we ate at the breakfast buffet twice and was very good both times with large selection and very good fresh fruit choices all for about $6.00 each. I wanted to try the Prime Rib Loft but it it closed on Wednesday, so we ate at the Cafe/Coffee shop and was very good for the price. Overall this property is a great value, but too far to walk to the strip in the summer heat, but close enough to the strip with the free shuttle. If you don't have to stay on the strip I highly reccomend the Orleans.	
Aug 29 2009 	A Reasonable Price to Pay	The Orleans offers very good rates and, for that, you get a reasonable room and reasonable service.It's certainly not the best hotel I've ever stayed in but it provides value for money. Also, because it is off The Strip it is quiet. During our stay, we weren't disturbed by other guests making a noise. The room we had overlooked The Strip, so that was another positive. The regular shuttle service which runs between The Orleans and The Strip means getting around is straightforward; the longest we had to wait for a bus was ten minutes. My one gripe about the room is that if we opened our bathroom window, there was a strong smell of cigarette smoke. We were on a non-smoking (high) floor and although I realise in Vegas you have to put up with smokers in the casinos, I don't want to share their habit in my hotel room! Some other reviews have referred to an unpleasant smell and this was noticeable on occasions - but it wasn't horrendous.The gym at the hotel is adequate - nothing outstanding but it has the basics. The pool area is clean and reasonably equipped - the music is intrusive but there's music everywhere in Vegas and I'm sure some people love this.We didn't have cause to complain about anything so we didn't have a huge amount contact with any employees during our stay.	
Aug 27 2009 	Stayed there twice and was pleased both times!	The check in was great except we were there the first time for Nascar weekend and they failed to tell us about qualifying day, so we missed out on that day.The room was great and its easy to get around. There is a TGIFs and the eggs benedict at the buffet breakfast in the other restaurant was to die for!! Fresh fruit and your coffee is always filled!The casino floor was a good size. however, the drinks aren't quick. I watched one waitress fold the same towel over and over again forever! I am keen on getting my own drinks, storing them in my room and having it available whenever I want. There is a small convenience store in the hotel. It is off the strip, but there is a shuttle the runs to a sister hote, Barbarry Coast and then to the strip. The shuttle is great and saves a buck but it can be full if its busy and then you have to wait for another one, we waited one time for an hour!If you are looking to get away from the hustle and bustle of the strip, then this is a great hotel to stay and ususally quite a bit cheaper..the view from the room was awesome to the mountains!The second time, I took my sister and we had a blast. The only warning I give anyone going to ANY hotel is watch out when using the phones. I called my husband and spoke with him for 18 minutes and it cost over $60! (I didnt know any better) When we checked out, we had a total bill over $200! The clerk was able to approve a discount to bring it down to $165. Once I got home I wrote a letter to the hotel and ended up getting it refunded. But my lesson was learned! So watch out..use phone cards!!The Orleans was fun but for someone wanting the hype and convenience of the strip, I don't recommend it.	
Aug 25 2009	Annual trip changing to semi-annual!!!	We love The Orleans. We go every March to watch our Alaska Aces play the Wranglers with a big group from Anchorage. We always have a great time and never any complaints. The food, the pool, the gaming, the rooms, the HOCKEY... all are excellent. So now we are going Labor Day weekend for a quick getaway. Couda stayed anywhere but the Club Coast card sold us!!! It is a life-long tradition if I have any say in the matter!	
Aug 23 2009 	Orleans was a winner!	We needed a room for a few days prior to dropping of son at UNLV. Had stayed here many a times in recent years and this time did not disappoint. Room was clean and the little sitting area was a nice spot for a relaxing cocktail while watching Sportscenter. The pool area was busy, but not impossible to find an empty chair. Had used the fitness area on recent trips and this time I was miffed to hear that there is now a $10 service charge to use the locker rooms, jacuzzi and steam room. Did some gambling in the sportsbook and played some craps ($5 min.) and each time the empoyees were professional and friendly. Finally, didn't have to leave to get a nice meal at Al's oyster bar and the Garden cafe. Nice coupon which saved us a few bucks on breakfast one morning. Orleans is not the fanciest place in Vegas, but it continues to provide good value and a comfortable room away from the strip.	
Aug 22 2009 	Sick of the strip? Try the Orleans	We stayed at the Orleans in Jan '09, while there were several conventions in town. Rates everywhere were ridiculous, but we got a good rate at the Orleans. I personally am over the &quot;strip&quot; (too much construction, high priced mediocre restaurants, high gambling limits, just overhyped in general). The Orleasn was just what I was looking for. a good mix of locals and down-to earth tourists, no flashy wanna-be high rollers or anything. There is a huge bowling alley if you like to bowl, open 24 hours. Restaurants are OK, but I would go else where if you want high end food. The salon is decent, gave me a great haircut for cheap. Didn't go to the pool, it was too cold out, but it looked nice. The shuttle to the strip is a nice option, rare to have a free shuttle in Las Vegas. Seamless (strip club) is right accross the street and turns into a night club around 3 or 4 AM. Seamless is a great club, nice girls, plenty of them, cozy and intimate. Just hit up the bell desk for some free passes. The rooms were large and clean, had a nice little corner lounge with couch and cofffee table. The casino bars are all great, very nice bartenders that will give you free drinks if you chat it up with them. Hookers seem to hang around the bars around midnight and they provide a certain level of visual goof-type entertainment (without giving them any money). If you aren't with your family (and why would you be in Vegas), and are sick of the strip, try the Orleans. It revived my love for Las Vegas.	
Aug 21 2009 	Perfect	Wow what can I say, Been to Vegas several times but first in The Orleans. Very good service from the minute we arrived till we left. The room was clean and large with sitting area.The buffet was superb as were all the places we found to eat, TGI Fridays Etc. All day buffet ticket for $21, cant ask better than that.The casino can be a bit busy at the weekend but well worth a vist. Freshest casino I have been in.Although its a fair wee bit from the strip you dont feel to far away thanks to the shuttle bus that runs every 30 mins.	
Aug 19 2009 	Spacious room lots to do.	Orleans gave us some great deals in Jan. Check thier web site as prices in las vegas changes fast. Spacious rooms with sitting area , desk, coffee pot. Nicely decorated. Casino, movie theatre, Fridays, Buffet , and other restaurants. Very nice fitness center, one of the best I,ve seen at this price range. The buffet is a great value for lunch, again one of the best in this price range. Close enough to the strip ( I even walked it once) Short cab ride/ drive.	
Aug 18 2009	Great Value Economical Good for a little gambling	I spent a long weekend (Thurs-Sun) at the Orleans for a high school class reunion. The room was economically priced (especially compared to hotels on the Strip) and large. There are good selection of restuarants in the hotel. Nothing fancy, except maybe the steak house (but I didn't go there). The gambling is very well priced with $5 min bet Blackjack tables available most of the time. If you are willing to go without the opulent luxury of the Strip, but desire economical gambling this hotel is worth a look.It has an OK fitness center, and OK pool area. Nothing fancy.	
Aug 15 2009 	It is what is says it is	My wife and I stayed here for a few days in August, in one of the newer renovated rooms. The room was not fancy but clean and reasonably new-looking. Nice selection of restaurants and we had a nice dinner at Al's Oyster Bar. The oysters were good and they even had clams on the half-shell! Chowder was good, but too thick, as is now the trend everywhere. Casino wasn't kind to me, but so it goes. We had our own car so distance from the strip wasn't really an issue for us, but it would be a bit of hike if you wanted to walk. Like other reviews, I wasn't happy with paying for internet access and the TV channel selection was far too limited. I had trouble finding a news station to see what was going on in the &quot;real&quot; world. I was also not pleased after having paid for my stay on-line via hotels.com, I was hit with a $5/day &quot;resort fee&quot;. ?????All in all, fine for a place to set up camp for a while, not up to the level of the finer newer hotels, but okay for the price.	
Aug 12 2009 	This place is the BEST	There isn't anything bad you can say about this place. Check in staff, amazing, rooms, amazing, buffet, amazing, slots, paying, cocktail waitresses, always there. This is the best place to stay in Vegas, I have stayed at others, but always come back to The Orleans.The rooms with a Strip view are great and everytime we have asked for one at check in, we've got one, this time we were on the 19th floor. Rooms are big and VERY clean. The staff are helpful if you are to require additional things.The buffet is great, we tried at least 8 buffets in the time we are in Vegas, and The Orleans was the best. Great selection, nice and quiet and cheap. Plus you don't have to walk far to return to your room. Perfect.The slots pay out here and the Cocktail staff are always around and very quick to bring back your drinks. It is a great place.We got cheap rates via their website and are already planning my return trip in March next year.You must stay at The Orleans, it's off The Strip about a 3 minutes drive to corner where MGM, New York New York is. I hear it's a $10 cab ride to the Strip, but we had our own car. The parking is great close to the entrance and the Vallet is also good and quick.Great big pool which is pretty quiet, it's a great place to relax and unwind before hitting Vegas.I would recommend this to anyone going to Vegas, Best hotel in Vegas in my mind.	
Aug 11 2009 	Off-strip Orleans Outdoes	This was my second trip to The Orleans (first one was 4 years ago) and our stay was for 4 nights. Check- in went smoothly. Had a choice between a renovated room without a good view vs. the older room with a great view. Opted for the newer room because how much time would you spend looking out your window? The differences were very noticeable. The newer rooms have the TV in an armoire vs. on top of the dresser drawers. The old large oval mirror which reminded me of the Snow White mirror is now replaced with a large rectangular one. The unique bathroom sliding door looks newer than the one we had 4 years ago. The bed is no longer covered with bedspreads—it has been updated to the way most hotels make their beds now—without a full bedspread. The first night, we noticed that the drain was very slow once you start the shower. Since it wasn’t an emergency and it was very late when we showered, I waited until morning to report it. Amazingly, maintenance came and cleared it within 10 minutes. I expect this quick service from a 5 star hotel, but not from a 3 star. I expected it to be fixed by the time we returned to the room. Kudos to them.Unfortunately, slots weren’t kind to me here although there is a good variety of them. Tables turned out better. Courtyard Café food was very reasonable and if you don’t want to indulge in lots of food, the café’s portion sizes are more than adequate. Appetizer portions can serve as lunch, especially the quesadilla. Shuttle to the strip was very convenient and we never had to wait very long. For the price, Orleans can’t be beat by what it offers.	
Aug 11 2009 	Amazing value just off the strip	We chose the orleans after reading the reviews on this site and deciding that it was probably the best value for money and we were not disappointed. The hotel is about a mile off the strip and has regular shuttles to gold coast and the strip. The only down side was that, in a 24 hour city, these stopped around midnight. We walked back if we missed the last bus as it wasn't far and after dark the temperature wasn't too bad, or you could get a taxi but it would have been nice if they went on longer. The casino echoed the hotel in its value for money, quite a lot of the limits were lower eg $5 blackjack and the buffet was cheaper but still of good quality.There was a large amount of restaurants and fast food joints within the hotel including a fudruckers that was open 24 hours. The pool was also really good although it was in the shade until about midday so it was pretty cold until then!The bedrooms themselves were a good size and the beds were comfortable. We didn't have a strip view but I actually quite liked this as we had a view of the city and the desert and hills behind which was quite pretty. The room was pretty clean although a little dated but when we paid less than £20 a night for the room it completely exceeded expectaions!!The only problem I found was that the internet was not free, in our 6 week trip to the US this was one of the few hotels that charged for this service.	
Aug 7 2009 	A Foul Experience Partially Redeemed	Recently I wrote a review of this hotel and casino (see &quot;Great Tidal Wave of Sewage Stink&quot;). My reflections on my experience there remain unchanged, and I never got a satisfactory explanation of why the place smelled so bad. (In fact, the information given to me by the vice president and general manager and the operations manager contradicts what they or other hotel officials told the Nevada State Department of Environmental Protection. But whatever)I'm just adding this note to report that the operations manager refunded about half of what I paid to stay at the hotel for five nights in July, bringing my per-night cost to just under $45. She was very nice on the phone and in a subsequent e-mail, so it's only fair to amend the record to show that at least one person at the Orleans Hotel and Casino is trying to do the right thing.	
Aug 3 2009 	Orleans does not reserve room types-only a room!	The Orleans is a nice enough hotel. The rooms are spacious and clean. My problem came with check-in. We had been on an extended vacation through seven states, and decided to stay a night in Vegas. I called two days prior to make a reservation. My reservation was made directly with the hotel, and confirmed. I wanted 2 queens because our son was with us. Upon check-in I was told that I had a king in smoking. I said no I had a confirmed reservation for 2 queens non smoking. I was told that the Orleans does not guarantee a room type only a room. I told the clerk that I did indeed have a confirmed reservation and was told that the person made a mistake. They only reserve a room, not a type of room. This is ridiculous--I asked for a supervisor---also extremely rude--was told the same thing. Finally, after going round and round she finally found a room. I was told that I was displacing someone else. The first clerk had told me that it was first come first served on rooms. However, it was 3:30 and all rooms were gone??? The supervisor told me that I made reservations only two days prior and basically too bad.....She finally found a room. Interestingly it was the farthest room that one could possible get from the elevator. By the way, no one was in the rooms near us at all. Apparently they were not booked up. It seems to me when Vegas has lost money due to the economy, the hotels would want to make you happy. Not the Orleans. The supervisor and the clerk as well as the waitresses all seemed sad, mad, and generally unhappy. BEWARE! IF YOU STAY HERE YOU ARE ROLLING THE DICE AS TO WHAT TYPE OF ROOM YOU ARE GOING TO GET. REMEMBER--THE ORLEANS DOES NOT RESERVE ROOM TYPES ONLY ROOMS! Also, the hotel charges $12.99 for the internet for 24 hours????	
Aug 2 2009 	Best Place in Vegas for Families	I hadn't been to Vegas in 15 years and never with kids. I relied heavily on TA forums and reviews so here is my contribution. First, our approach to the trip was to take a few days as a family, trying to balance kid-fun with some nightlife for mom and dad, all on the cheap. In retrospect, the correct hotel choice was key. After eliminating the Excalibur and Circus Circus, I ultimately decided between the MGM and the Orleans. The Orleans was a fraction of the cost ($150 for 4 nights!) plus the bowling alley, movie theater and free shuttle to the strip. These features and the good reviews here were the reason I chose it. I was never disappointed and neither was my wife nor my kids 15, 11, and 9. The only criticism I have is that I had reserved a non-smoking room many weeks in advance but upon arrival I was told there were none available. In fact, there was none available for days. Walking up to the room I was certain the smell would be overwhelming and certain to make us all nauseated. The reality was that the room had a slight odor that the kids didnt even notice. We left a small bathroom window open for the first day and that cleared the slight odor. The room was perfectly fine for 5; clean and comfortable. The only issue was that the sliding door to the bathroom sometimes had a loud, shrill squeek when moved. The kids were not impressed with the TV offering, no kid channels at all, TBS was the only one they somewhat liked. For food, we think we made out very well. The buffet breakfast is $6.50 per person but the 5 of us ate for less than $28 because children 7 and under pay a little less and we signed-up for the casino Club Card which got us discounts for EVERYTHING in the casino. The breakfast was a real deal because we went at 10:15 or so every day and the buffet changes to lunch between 10:30 and 10:45. So we had lots of options and the kids loved it. The food was quite good, but tending to be high carb, high fat. The brunch covered one of our two meals for the day. For the kids' dinner we took advantage of the Sbarro and Subway in the Orleans. $16 for 3 foot longs or $14 for a large pizza, using hotel coupons. We only used a cab once, when we came from the airport ($20). We frequently took the free shuttle that drops you at Bills and never had to wait more than 15 minutes, even when we couldn't make it onto the first bus (they seat 24 and no one is allowed to stand). One problem with the shuttle is that if you want to go to either end of the strip, you have a LONG walk, about 45 minutes from Bills to the MGM/NYNY/Excalibur. Probably longer to the Stratosphere. With a little planning, you can take advantage of the city bus system which runs very frequently and long hours. $4 gets an adult a 24 hour pass, $2 for kids. We took the bus back to the airport, transferring to the 109A at Maryland Parkway. We also went to the Pinball Hall of Fame which would have been a $30 cab ride each way. Using the casino's Club Card we got $10 in slot money, a free game of bowling, and free popcorn at the movie theater. I had a lot of trouble using the free internet at Seattle's Best until another patron told me to temporarily remove the firewall on my laptop. No problem connecting after that. We did check out the MGM which has the advantage of being on the strip. It also took 15 minutes to walk from the entrance to the pool (the same time it takes for the shuttle from the Orleans to the strip). From a room it would have been about 10 minutes but you have to go through half the casino. The MGM is also at the end of the strip so walking from an MGM room to the mid-strip Mirage, for example, would easily take 50 minutes. The Oreans is host to a lot of high school sports tournaments so it was FULL of kids. The fact that it is kid-friendly fits nicely with the fact that it is off-strip. Lots of people question bringing kids to Vegas and if you stay on the strip, its easy to see why. The Orleans is not like the strip and with all the affordable amenities, it really is the best place in Vegas for families. And, no, there was never a sewage smell.	
Aug 2 2009 	Great Hotel - Great Value - Comfy Rooms	Travelled from the UK and we stayed at the Orleans Hotel for 14 nights and enjoyed it immensely. The room (on the 3rd floor) overlooked the pool and was spacious and comfortable. Cleaned each morning to a high standard. The buffet in the morning and evenings were excellent, with plenty of choice. Only problem was waiting for toast, as you had to queue with the people waiting for omelettes (no major problem). We only gambled on the slots, but there was plenty of choice and very roomy. Free shuttle to the strip and the Gold Coast every 10 minutes. This is the 2nd time we have stayed here, and have stayed a many hotels on the Strip, but will definitely stay here again next year.	
Jul 31 2009 	solo traveler's paradise	i stayed here for the third time twice solo and once with my daugher, i enjoy this hotel so much, great pool(always can find a chair), good slots(won yeah!!!!), nice staff, very quick check in. i received 2days comp so was happy only paid for (3) days at low..price.. requested a high flr and statyed on 18th flr view of the mountains, very nice and very clean room. the shuttle to the strip is very quick no waiting for long periods to and from the strip. buffet had a special for $21 daily for 3 meals what a great idea. great coupons for food and drinks also.great movie theatre saw (2) recent movies, i really think it is a great place to bring your children and grandchildren, nice activities to keep them quite busy. all in all what a great stay at the orleans will be returning next year.	
Jul 25 2009	Wonderful	Very nice hotel. The facility was great, it is a great place for kids with an arcade, 70 lane bowling alley, many places to eat. The price of the food is a bit on the higher side, but not really more than other hotels. Big casino if you like to gamble. They have a lot of table games, but had over half of them closed most of the time, even though some games were filled. Overall a great experience.	
Jul 22 2009 	Great hotel for entertaining young children	I had a wonderful time staying at The Orleans Hotel with my extended family including 5 kids under the age of seven. They had a ball. The food choices were great. We bowled with all the kids, went to the arcade, played in the kids pool, and even let them go to the secure &quot;kids only&quot; play area while we went to gamble. There is a movie theater, and the circus was in the building. What more can you ask for. The buffet was also great. We also received coupons upon arriving and used most of them for food and entertaining. Another plus, we did not have to pay for parking	
Jul 20 2009 	Our favorite in Vegas!	Yearly trip to Vegas. We have stayed many places (strip, boulder, downtown). This is by far our favorite place to stay! CHECK-IN - Early check-in no problem. Was offered a room on the 5th floor, asked for higher floor, given room on the 19th floor with a view of the strip!ROOM - Fantastic as always! Clean, spacious and well equipped. Only problem was bathroom door was broken and wouldn't shut completely. Not really a problem since it was just me and my DH.FOOD -  Big Al's Oyster Bar: Always our first stop for clam chowder and bread. Never fails to please! Buffet: Ate here for breakfast. Had 2/1, so very inexpensive. Normal buffet food. Good value!CASINO - our favorite! Atmosphere that we enjoy. Good cocktail service almost always. Decent video poker. Pretty good offers for return visits with medium play.We will continue to return as long as things remain as they are. Especially with the return room offers!	
Jul 20 2009 	Can't Wait to Stay Again!	First time staying at The Orleans. I've stayed at several other hotels on the strip and downtown. Stayed here with our two daughters. So many things for the kids to do with the arcade, theater, bowling alley, kids tyme, and pool. Easy drive to the strip and I-15. Shuttle to strip is very convenient. We had two rooms, one across from the other, which were very large and very nice. We did have a sink stop up on us which was immediately fixed by two friendly maintanence staff. We ate at the buffet and the cafe and I can't say enough good things about the food we had.The only thing I would change next time is request that my rooms be closer to the elevator. The Orleans main hallway is the longest I've encountered in Vegas and our walk from the elevator to our rooms was VERY long.Can't Wait to Stay Again!	
Jul 19 2009 	Nice hotel lots of conveniences	We have been in Vegas before and stayed on the strip. The hotels were equivalent to this one. The room was a good size. This time we were in Vegas for hockey rather than Vegas itself so this was a better location than on the strip but at the same time our time was limited and it would have been nice to be on the strip to have quick access to see some of the sights. So it really depends on purpose of trip as to whether I would stay here again. There was a shuttle but you had to watch the time more closely if you went to the strip. There was plenty of free, convenient parking. Hotel was clean as long as you don't look under anything, staff were friendly, security staff near the elevator were always helpful and friendly. There were a variety of food services, like most hotels in Vegas. The pool was nice and not too crowded when we used it. Highlight for my family was the Wranglers dressing room... we stopped at the arena one day and the coach said we could go into the dressing room to check it out, big smiles all around.	
Jul 17 2009 	Enjoyed out time there	This was our first trip to Vegas and we wanted to have money to spend on gambling, shows, food and all of the other stuff so I choose this hotel based on the price. I am glad I did. The room had a nice view of the mountains and everyone in the hotel was very friendly. We were able to catch the free shuttle to go to the strip every day. The Sushi bar they have in the hotel is fantistic. On Tuesday the buffet offered a two for one special. On Most days we would eat breakfast at the buffet and not have to eat again until that night. We had a great time there and we will stay there again when we make it back to Las Vegas.	
Jul 13 2009 	Great Hotel/Casino-Lots To Offer!	Stayed 2 nights at The Orleans after 4 nights at Ballys(Love Ballys).Having done the strip for years,it was nice to stay off strip,and I certainly feel I made the right decision.Rental car is key in Vegas,don't think i'll walk the strip day after day again!They want your money at the off strip casinos and treat you right,all the machines you want,great food choices and on the ball waitresses.You really do get more 4 your money! Had 1 decent hit on machines on the strip,3 nice hits at The Orleans in 2 days.Room was nice,nothing special but nice and clean.Great view of the strip!Pool area very nice,but quiet,great for familes.Buffet very good for lunch,good for breakfast.I like splitting the trip up and will continue to stay on and off strip.Will be back to The Orleans and Ballys!	
Jul 13 2009 	Off strip	Out of the strip and bit old style but large room and nice buffet. It's also near the airport and if you don't care stay in the strip it's nice there. If you become member you can get discount on the buffet!	
Jul 12 2009 	Orleans is the best Value in Las Vegas	You know when you're in Vegas I just don't think it gets any better than the Orleans. Now don't get me wrong - this is not a hotel at the uber-level of Wynn, Bellagio, or Mandalay Bay. It's not even on the strip. But the value one gets when staying here (assuming you are not the type who gets full room comp at a high end property) is unsurpassed. The rates for this room are often dirt cheap, with 40-ish bucks the normal mid-week discounted rate - I have had rooms here as low as 29 / night (without players club offers - I have had free nights with offers too.) But this isn't a dive. A locals joint, sure, but probably one of the nicest anywhere.This hotel casino complex is nice and large. It is colorful and has a great vibe. The scary mardi gras heads over the pit are a hoot. This is what Vegas is about! The rooms are pretty nice, kind of basic, though the bathrooms are kind of funny with a weird sliding door. The casino is large, (was at one time the largest in vegas - don't know that that is still true though) and has good restaurants, a large movie theatre, and an entertainment arena.The pool is respectable - much better than the one over at sister property Gold Coast (which is also a decent similar property, but not as nice or large as the Orleans).Prices are surprisingly reasonable for goods within the hotel complex (including a small liquor store, full complement, with low prices). You are I should also mention next door (go out the door on the west side) to the finest Irish bar in Vegas (McMullans). But the O comps some good beverages if youre even looking at a machine - who else among the lower rollers comps Newcastle?Gambling conditions are above-average (but used to be better a couple of years ago). A large and professional poker room in the back serves a notorious shark tank of locals. Serves them unwary newbies I should say.A car helps (easy in and out with parking here despite it's relatively large size), but if you don't have one it's OK because they run a free shuttle to the strip. Not to the airport (almost no casino hotel does that in Vegas for regular people). The hotel lobby is on the smaller side for Vegas, and is really an area just on the side of the main casino - but check in is almost always quick.Locals tip: with a car, try heading North and West for some of the best ethnic restaurant choices out there rather than the overpriced albeit fancy strip. Try going north a few blocks then turn left on Spring Mountain or Sahara or Desert Inn.	
Jul 12 2009 	Another Great Stay at The Orleans	It has been four years since our last stay here. Everything seems to well kept up. Rooms look fresh, no problems at all. Casino has got rid of a bunch of video poker machines and added more penny slots which were great fun. Food at the Buffett and The Mex. Don Miguels were great. Using the ACG saved some coin. The pool area was good to hang out in the day time. No problem getting loungers during the day, no 6:00 AM chair hogs here. Valet parking seemed to work well with good,friendly service. Front desk staff were also friendly with helpfull info. Overall if I return to Vegas I will stay here again	
Jul 12 2009 	The Orleans is Inconsistent 	This place can be inconsistent. I reviewed this hotel/casino in April and now find that it has gone way downhill.Over the past decade we have probably spent 15 to 20 nights in this hotel. Our most recent visit was one of our only disappointments with this place. Valets: Don’t’ care about their jobs or doing them well. Not once were we greeted in a friendly fashion, and upon check in were not offered a bellman, I had to get one myself. What upset me about that is that I told the valet who was going to park our car that we needed one, he advised it’d be around “8 to 10 minutes,” then I observed two empty carts heading from the valet area back into the hotel. It was obvious he said nothing to the bell desk, and if I hadn’t flagged one down myself, I wouldn’t have got one. And we’re not cheap about it, I tip $10 when they get the bags from the trunk and another $10 when delivered to the room. After that first day, I just self-parked. Why waste time or money on people who don’t want to really provide any sort of customer service?Rooms/Front Desk: When I booked on line I reserved two rooms, one a king non smoking and another with two queens non smoking. On arrival around 2:30 p.m. (check-in is 3,) we were advised that there were no more king non smoking rooms. In a hotel of 1800 plus rooms, in a city where you know they hold rooms for their high rollers, to not give the customer what was reserved is absurd. The next day they moved us, but that whole process was ridiculously inconvenient. The rooms are becomming run down. Knobs missing from furniture, lights didn’t work, towel bars missing, and backed up, smelly sinks in each of the two rooms we occupied. The queen beds are VERY mushy, king bed was much firmer. It really sucks that they’ve let this place go. The rooms are pretty good sized, but that’s the only really nice thing I can still say.Cleanliness: Again, it seems their staff has lost the desire to work, or perhaps it is one of those &quot;It's not my job&quot; syndromes. Example: for two days, there was gum, yes, used gum, stuck onto the down button of the elevator on the 15th floor. When we left, it still had residue on that button. You cannot tell me that they didn't have many of their housekeeping &amp; maintenanace staff walk by or use that every day--I saw them, but they ignored the problem. It is that kind of lack of care on a small thing that indicates how they react, or not, to issues that arise.Fitness Center: Nice, most machines work fine, but wife found the bicycles to be uncomfortable based on a way laid back seat position. I used the stair climber &amp; it worked fine.Gambling: Everything was very tight. The only place we won was playing the five dollar slots, for two pulls, and the second we won we cashed out.Food: Buffet: excellent value in the morning only. Lunch and dinner are NOT worth what they charged. The food at breakfast was the only spread that was fresh looking or tasting. Dinner and lunch were awful; we had breakfast four days in a row, dinner and lunch once each.Fuddrucker’s hamburgers: They serve some unique offerings, such as buffalo, salmon and ostrich. The latter really is good if you’ve not tried it. The only gripe is that the condiment and soft drink area is very small and gets very crowded around dinner time. Room Service: Very fast, had a delicous club sandwich delivered in around 20 minutes, prepared exactly as ordered.Pool: Yuck! Cloudy and highly chlorinated. Too much used beer left in the pool. Nasty! We only swam in there once. Overall: They’ve got some work to do. The place needs better maintenance, and some TLC rather than duct tape and wire. It really is a shame, since the Orleans used to be one of our favorite hotels. I still recommend the place, but, with the above warnings in place.	
Jul 11 2009 	Great with Kids!!	If you are looking for a place to satisfy kids in Vegas while you do your own thing (without having to consider the aging Circus Circus) this is the place!! We stayed for 5 days, my 8-year old daughter couldn't get enough of the Kids Tyme day care!! I was worried she would get bored after one night, but she couldn't wait to go back every night!! The place is secured, there's all kinds of things for them to do, with a small snack bar, you can authorize a budget for them to eat when they get hungry. There's a big crawl gym with slides, playstations, Nintento Wii stations, all kinds of fun stuff. We also enjoyed the bowling alley, they can put up bumpers so younger kids won't get discouraged by gutter balls. We didn't have time for the 18-plex movie center, but I heard it was spacious. Best of all, the Ringling Brothers/Barnum and Bailey Circus happened to come to the Orleans Arena that weekend, so I got FRONT ROW seats with my daughter!! She had the time of her life!!We didn't even have to take her to the Circus Circus Adventuredome at all during the trip, she had so much fun where we stayed. She even made friends at the Kids Tyme center, they were all crying when the kids had to leave each other!I enjoyed the craps tables, the dealers and boxpersons were nice and friendly, not grouchy like some of the old Stardust dealers. Also, there were several tables open, all with $5 minimums all day/night!! Hard to find on strip or near the strip. Also, the cocktail waitresses were all hot!! Every single one of them, with sexy outfits. Good job of hiring!!The casino floor is a little on the smoky side, so young kids may have to get used to it. My daughter used an air freshener to cover her mouth/nose, but she got used to it.The Budget rentacar site was a bit of a challenge to get to, although it was across the street, I couldn't even jaywalk because of the traffic.Parking is convenient, even in the covered structure.Driving to the strip doesn't take too long.The room was really nice, clean, and large. Our family of 4 was very comfortable.Bathrooms were very well kept.Advice: We made sure to get a room close to the elevator, because the building is in a &quot;t&quot; shape, with very long hallways. It was a really enjoyable stay!	
Jul 8 2009 	All I could have asked for except the strip prices	This is the first time I have stayed off strip for a Vegas visit.I was very impressed by my stay at this property.I had a car so getting to the strip was no issue. Valet parking was very efficent at check in as well the rest of the process.We were in our 19th floor room in 15 minutes from driving up.The room was spacious and spotless, much larger than a standard room on the strip.We tried the cafe and the buffet for breakfast and it was fine. We visited the pool three times during our M-Th. visit and it was never crowded and fairly quiet. I did notice tobacco odor on our hallway, but not in our room.We even caught a early afternoon movie at their complex upstairs. We'll be back on our next visit.	
Jun 27 2009 	DID THE JOB WE WANTED	Stayed here the weekend of the Hatten fight. Did not have any tickets and could not get hold of any. Were we lucky or not!!!!!.We picked the Orleans because we have stayed there years ago, so knew what to expect. and the deal was $219 with $100 of credit. We thought it was a good deal and it proved to be so.Front desk no line, dealt with quickly and courtiously. In any big hotel always ask for high room, no connecting doors got 19th floor with a view towards the strip.Room and bathroom a little dated (which we knew) but clean and tidy.All staff we came across were pleasant and helpful.Minus. Was the dinner buffet, they seemed to have cut back on things.Plus. Got it out of our credit.Also the friday night jazz by the pool seems to have gone.Overall a pleasant experience.	
Jun 26 2009 	Excellent Value off the Strip	The Orleans is part of the former Coast group of hotels (Sun Coast, Gold Coast) that is now owned by Boyd Gaming (Sam's Town). As such, this hotel includes a multi-screen movie theater and a bowling center if you want to get away from the gaming tables and slot machines. The Orleans offers clean, comfortable rooms along with a selection of restaurants that make it almost a destination resort for a traveler who doesn't need to stay on the strip.	
Jun 25 2009 	Pleasantly suprised! Will be going back!	Let me begin by stating that I was less than excited when my husband said we would be staying here for a portion of our Vegas trip. He bowled in the USBC. That was the main purpose of our trip but we also stayed at Mandalay Bay as he wanted to take me to the Lion King show and we got a great package. Well knowing that we were starting off at the Orleans seemed less than delightful considering we would be going to the MB later that week. I didn't expect that I would like the Orleans as much as I did. We paid $39 a night for the room. Check in was very efficient. We were given some really good coupons for the eateries there when we checked in. The room itself was very good sized. The bed was comfortable and the room very clean. They also have a safe in the room as well. I can be extremely picky when it comes to hotel rooms. I was pleased. There are plenty of amenities at the casino and resort. THere is a fuddruckers, Sbarro, TGI Fridays, Buffett (very good with a wide selection and clean!), Prime Rib Restaurant, and a Rocky Mountain Chocolate Store. If you like Chocolate Covered Strawberries you have to try them there!! Amazing and right by the elevator before you go to your room. The views from the hotel are amazing too. We had a view of the mountains and the nice pool area. My husband plays the Dice, blackjack etc. I like to watch him but here I found plenty of games that suited me as well. In addition it is easy to navigate around the casino and the atmosphere is very relaxed. All of the staffers both in the hotel and casino seemed very friendly.We rented a car so my husband drove us where ever we needed to go. However there is a shuttle right in front of the hotel that will take you right to the strip. It seemed like a 5 minute drive to the strip. And let me say that you park right in front of the hotel. No huge parking garages to navigate. They also had valet parking that we did not utilize here because the parking was so easy.All in all I enjoyed our stay at the Orleans. When we go back we are planning on staying here again. It is a huge value for what you get.	
Jun 19 2009 	Not Good for Internet Use and Beware of Resort Fee	Good points - Room is large, clean, and bed is comfortable. Reasonable base price.Bad points - $12.99 a day for Internet use in your room. That charge is criminal. They claim to have FREE Internet use at the Seattle Best Coffee Shop. Been here a week and unable to use FREE Internet. They might allow maybe 2 users, all else they deny an IP address. I have to go to a coffee shop out in the city for Internet Access. They also tack on a hidden $5 resort fee per day. I am considering writing the Federal Trade Commission. This is deceptive advertising. This resort fee is for Free unlimited local calls and for providing coffee in your room. I don't believe I can opt out of this charge. I search for hotels based on rates, location, and amenities, and then I get hit with a hidden fee. One other item is it seems like it is a 3 mile walk from the elevator to my room. I'm in fairly good shape but it is a long walk at the end of the day. Also, I am on the 3rd floor on the front of the building so I hear delivery trucks in the morning. Otherwise it is a quiet room.The Internet issue will prevent me from staying here again. Keep in mind it is not on the strip but I had a car and that was OK for me.	
Jun 17 2009 	overall nice hotel	I would stay there again rooms were nice, beds were comfortable.But there valet service and room service was terrible. The valet guys were very rude. Its not as nice as some of the hotels on strip . But for the money it was great.	
Jun 10 2009 	Large Room $29 can't beat it	Room was large, well kept, large bath with a nice view of the strip. Location was mixed, not on strip but parking was easier than if it was. The shuttle buses ran regularly. We thought Big Al's Oyster bar was great (including the halibut, salmon &amp; oysters). All of the staff were friendly &amp; helpful except the surly cashiers at the buffet at breakfast but the staff in the buffet made up for it. We occupied ourselves for for days without ever looking at the table between shows, Red Rock Canyon &amp; eating.	
Jun 9 2009 	Orleans Hotel- A Mixed Bag	Our likes were the spacious and clean rooms, and the better-than-expected dining options (especially Don Miguel's Mexican); also, the price was reasonable. Very nice pool area.One strong dislike was the cluelessness of the front desk and other hotel personnel regarding a major event occurring at their own hotel. No one we talked to seemed to have any idea of where/when the event was taking place, even though it was on the big marquee in front of the hotel! Also, the overwhelming stench from decades (?) of cigarettes smoked was awful; even on our non-smoking floor it simply reeked.Overall, a marginal thumbs up based on decent value, good sized and clean rooms, and better-than-expected dining.	
Jun 7 2009 	Great rooms make up for the average service and terrible location.	It was our first trip to Vegas and in hindsight I would have splurged and stayed at one of the iconic hotels located on the Strip but if you are looking for good value, no-frills accommodation at $40 a night then The Orleans is an okay option. We caught the shuttle that ran on a regular timetable we never had to wait longer then 15 minutes and the shuttle drivers were friendly and a pleasure to tip. Pros: Great king sized comfortable bed and cheap dining options with lots of choices. Cons: Location (at least a 15 minute bus ride to/from the strip so you felt &quot;trapped&quot; at the hotel and isolated from the action, below average service (we encountered a rude and abrupt Manager at the front desk), you were surrounded by tasteless decoration, casino had a cheap ambiance. My advice is to spend the extra money and go stay at one of the better hotels at Las Vegas. It's a worthwhile investment.	
Jun 5 2009 	Still great value	My second time at the Orleans and despite reading some reviews claiming it had gone downhill I was equally as satisfied as last year.The rooms are as clean and good value as ever and the dining options are good enough.Throw in a bowling alley and cinema along with drinks half the price of strip hotels as well as a casino with reasonably loose slots and you have the picture.I would recommend it to anyone who didn't feel the need to live on the strip.	
Jun 5 2009 	not that great anymore (late review)	We stayed there 2 nights just before Christmas 2008. Our room was in the original tower and everything in it was original. The room is still very large and the strip view is still outstanding. The carpet was a disgrace, big spots everywhere. Not a carpet you want to walk barefoot. The furniture is old and,like the sofa, very worn.Even though the price they charged was extremely low, I don't think I would stay there again. Maybe the newer towers are better?	
Jun 1 2009 	SUPER HOTEL and $5.00 Pai Gow	Just returned from our first time staying at The Orleans. I chose The Orleans based on the reviews here and boy were they right on the money. The rooms are really nice and large with a couch, chair and coffee table sitting area. Perfect to place the computer. The bathroom is large (phone by toilet). The carpet was fresh and I felt OK walking on it in my socks. One thing I really liked is you get clean bed spreads every time because the way it's decorated the bedspread is a decorative large sheet (looks nice sounds tacky). Coffee pot with coffee is nice touch and every room has free in room safe that YOU set the passcode everytime you lock the safe. Free valet parking 24hours.The restaurants were nice. The buffet is nice (not &quot;gourmet&quot; or &quot;fine dining&quot;) but it's good. On a scale of one to 10 I give it a 8.Get the B1G1 coupons it's so worth it. Don miguel's fajitas are awesome, many B1G1 coupons. The Courtyard Cafe has 2 egg, has brown, 3 large saugsage (or bacon) and 2 big slices of sourdough toast for 3.99 right now and a late nite steak and egg special that was around 6 or 7, I can't remember exactly.You can spend 4 hours in the casino and not come out smelling like smoke, YIPPPEEEE (I hate cigarette smoke)!! You can smell smoke occassionally but it doesn't hang in the air, nor is it &quot;smokey&quot;. I guess high ceilings and good ventilaiton system.Pool is nice, large hot tub with big palm tree in the middle was really nice. After a certain time at nite security requires a room key to be presented in order to get on the elevators to the room. There was good security appearance. Five dollar Paigow poker (during the week we were there) during the day (2 tables) until about 8pm and if you were at the table at that time you got &quot;grandfathered in&quot; so you could continue betting 5.00 all nite if you wanted, which is what I did when I was losing (but I won). Maid service was good. Staff was nice and pleasant. Make sure you hang the do not distrub sign on your door at night or the maid will wake you up every morning at 8am doing a room check.Unless you really have/want to stay on the strip (you can see the NYNY from the Orleans) I can't fathom staying anywhere else from now on. Just a suggestion, ask for a view of the pool. We didn't ask for that and it would have been nice but we could see parts of the strip from our room.	
May 30 2009 	A fantastic value!!	The Orleans is a great value. I went with my son for four nights midweek. We booked through the hotel website, and we paid a $33 rate for the first three nights, with the fourth night thrown in for free by the hotel. Even with the $5 &quot;resort fee&quot; add on for the first three nights, that was still less than $30 a night average , all for a room that would go for much more than $200 a night in a place like New York.Here are the positives about our stay at the Orleans.Parking is free and convenient to the Casino and check-in. Check-in was very fast (and if you have been to other hotels in Vegas, particularly on the strip, you know what a boon that is). The room, with two queen beds, was large and clean, with a nice decor. It had a sitting area and a large bathroom. The beds were very comfy with nice pillows and firm mattresses. While the air conditioning was a touch loud, I heard not one sound from the hallway, another room, or outside the hotel during our entire stay. Up on the seventh floor, we had nice view of the strip from our room. Housecleaning did a great job on our room every day. The Orleans is a full service hotel and casino, with several restaurants, a spa, movie theater, business center, multiple performance venues, swimming pool, and even a bowling alley. Unfortunately, there were no live performances scheduled during the week we were there. The food was generally inexpensive and good. We received several coupons at check-in that made the food even less expensive. The pool was not realy fancy, but nice enough..My son and I played some blackjack. The Orleans pretty much always had two or three five-dollar tables, which is good. All the tables in the big strip hotels are generally ten dollars or more. The blackjack dealers were very friendly. We also bet on some horse races. The sports book at the Orleans is effiicient, though a bit run down compared with some of the strip hotels. I played poker as well, though again at other casinos (not at the Orleans). Too many locals at the Orleans. The Orleans does have a few minor drawbacks.   It is about a mile off the strip, and stands by itself, so if you want to go the strip or to the downtown casinos you need a car or need to take the shuttle. We had a rental car, so this was no problem. We did not try out the shuttle.You also have to pay for internet if you want it in the room. You can get ten minutes of free internet each day up in the business center (it comes with the &quot;resort fee&quot;). You also can get free internet at the Seattle's Best coffee vendor near the check-in desk, but for some reason after the first day I couldn’t get it to work.Bottom line: for less than $30 a night, the Orleans was a steal. At rates like that, I would go back any time.And here are a couple of tips about Vegas -- some of the most stunning scenery in the Western Hemisphere, if not the entire world, is only a few hours away by car. Go visit the Grand Canyon (both north and south rims) and Zion National Park. Simply awesome.	
May 29 2009 	Nice place great value	We thought for the price this hotel would not be very nice, but we were pleasantly surprised! It was really nice, clean, friendly, and just an overall great experience. The rooms on the 21st floor are great. We liked it so much we went back a few nights later for a repeat. :) The value was incredible. We also enjoyed the pool and movie theater. We had our 13 month old with us, and it was easy to push him around in his stroller, and the place felt safe and clean. We will go back again.	
May 29 2009 	Nice large room off the strip for unbelieveably low price	Have stayed here several times before - always appreciate being removed from the Strip. Located on West Tropicana and I always slide through In-and-Out Burger on the way to the hotel. Usually avoid the tables and walk upstairs and catch a movie in the on-site theater. Ventilation system could use some refresh but you smell more like ozone than smoke after walking through the floor area.Room was very clean and spacious. Current pricing really unbelievable (NS 2Q Suite for $34 + $5 resort fee a night!). I paid $100 more the next night to stay closer to the airport - next time I think I'll stay here longer, get up earlier to make my flight, and save the extra $100 I paid to stay at the Doubletree!	
May 29 2009 	Love the Orleans!	I love it here! I've been here roughly 6 times with my Mom on girl's trips, and its great everytime! It ISN'T like the strip, so if thats what you're hoping for, it won't give you what you want!But, it's a great place to stay, everyone is friendly, it's generally clean, and not overly crowded! Love the shuttle to get to the strip, so I still get to experience the nightlife, and hustle and bustle aspect of vegas!	
May 28 2009 	The Orleans is slipping...... Definitely not the hidden gem anymore.	The Orleans used to be an awesome place just 3-4 years ago, but now it is seriously slipping in my opinion. The deals they offer us are still too good to pass up but now I'll seriously consider somewhere else to stay for our annual getaways. Seems like there is something negative that grabs our attention everytime we stay there now. Last year the buffet didn't seem as tasty at times and the desk staff seemed a little less friendlier. This year a little more of the same, but to make matters worse we had to switch rooms as soon as we got there because of an AWFUL (and I mean AWFUL) stench coming from the room they gave us. It smelled like raw sewage and my wife almost lost her lunch as soon as we opened the door. The front desk guy that 'helped' us had told me that the highest floor he could give me was the 13th floor (ominous beginning) and that he could only face us North and not directly facing the strip (east). There went his tip. Anyway I decided to ask another guy at the desk to switch our rooms and he was a lot more helpful. He actually put us on the 19th floor AND facing the strip. Now why couldn't &quot;Twinkletoes&quot; do that for me? Anyway............ When we got to our new room it was o.k. but we could still smell the sewage in the drain when we used the bathroom sink. We found out later from the nice front desk guy that they were doing some &quot;pumping out sewage&quot; work and that's about the only explanation we got. We decided to just grin and bear it for the next 3 days since the smell didn't come out to the main room, but I still think that was unacceptable. If I was picky at all, we would have been moving again, but I guess at $35 a night, I decided to heck with it since we were up high and facing the Strip. (Great view at night!) There are still good things about the Orleans beside the price of rooms. The main buffet place still can be very good and filling at times and Fridays, Subway, and other little spots offer a good variety of stuff to eat or munch on. The little gym they have is always clean, though sometimes the machines are occupied and you have to use the machines you had no intention of using.... :-) This is still a decent place overall, but one of the reviewers hit it on the head when they said it was &quot;hit or miss&quot; now.... It never used to be that unpredictable. I'm sure the newer people still look at the price and the positives and will rate this place as &quot;great&quot;. But unfortunately I can't do that anymore...... Would love to because this place has a soft spot in my heart, but they are not paying attention to the details anymore and may soon lose this long time customer......	
May 27 2009 	Great Value	You can not beat this hotel for overall price and value. I have stayed there several times now and never been disappointed. The room was spotlessly clean and had a nice layout, check in was quick and staff were efficient and friendly. We took advantage of the restaurants, outdoor pool and movie theater while there and were pleased with all. We had our own car, but they do provide shuttle service if you want to head down to the strip a few blocks away.	
May 27 2009 	If you have any doubts with orleans read on..	If you are reading this, I bet you have doubts about this hotel, I was once like you. I was first reluctant to book a week stay at orleans, but I did and all I can say was it was well worth it! First off, The Good... The check in/out was very fast, I tried to switch room cause I was too near the elevator and the staff was very nice enough to move me to another room no questions asked, The shuttle to the strip didn't take long during weekdays, and it's almost always half full but on weekends it could be terrible. The Shuttle guy was kind enough to drop me off at goldcoast (one of their casinos) as a favor. The rooms are very big and clean and nice. They provide shampoos, conditioner, lotion, soap and mouthwash. Coffee and tea are available too. The towels are always ready when we get back to our room. The Safe is bolted down and is big enough to accomodate my laptop and other stuff. The wait on the elevator was really, really short as if the elevator didn't left the floor. The cleaning lady was very accomodating too although she speaks in broken english, you can really see that she tries very hard to help us with directions. (if you ever stay there please leave some tips on the bed for the staff, they will appreciate it!), The surrounding area of the resort is pretty good, there is a Walgreen store, a supermarket, car rentals (hertz and budget - go with hertz is so much cheaper), and adult store, a strip bar, and a gas station. They have some band playing on the casino but they are kinda repetitive coz the same band played the whole week. They charge you for room internet service but you can go downstair near the seattle's best shop for a complimentary internet access. Just bring your laptop and connect to their wi-fi. Parking is huge and FREE!Now the bad... The lobby has a very strong scent, like they really shampooed their carpet with a weird smelling detergent, I had a bad experience with the waiters in one of their 24 hour cafe called &quot; courtyard cafe) Nobody was taking my order, after I drew attention to 3 or 4 waiters, I stormed out of the cafe out of frustration. The hotel rooms toilet has no lock. There's not much selection of food late at night. I believe they only have subway, sbarro, fuddrucker, TGIF and that courtyard cafe. Overall, I am very pleased with this hotel. If you are under budget and are looking for a great place to stay this is it. If you have some questions you can mail me at bullmarket76@yahoo.com and I will try my best to answer your questions.	
May 25 2009 	Off-Strip Gem	4-night , two room stay in Mid-May 2009. We arrived mid-afternoon and we checked into both rooms within 5 minutes. The front desk clerk accomodated my request for rooms on a specific floor with a view and provided a refridgerator for medication at no charge. I could not ask for a smoother check-in process.The rooms at the Orleans are some of the largest standard rooms you will find in Las Vegas. Our rooms were extremely clean upon check-in, and housekeeping did a great job during our stay.The Orleans leaves very little to be desired: great Video Poker bars, low minimum table games, lounges to watch your favorite sports, excellent food options for all budgets and very helpful, kind staff all around. There is a fairly large pool, although this is not a hotel that offers a great &quot;pool scene&quot;...definately geared towards relaxation rather than parties. On-site bowling alley, movie theater and food court.For those not familiar with Las Vegas, this hotel is located ~1 mile off-Strip and is considered more of a local casino rather than a tourist destination when compared to the larger, on-Strip properties. A rental car is helpful if you plan to stay at the Orleans and visit other areas of Las Vegas. The hotel runs a free shuttle to/from the Strip and the Gold Coast (a sister property just to the north) from 9:30 am to midnight, daily. This is a great money-saving alternative to a cab ride. Hotel guests get priority.FYI: The Orleans charges a $5 per room, per night Resort Fee, that includes 10 minutes of Internet access in the business center, among other things.	
May 24 2009 	Great hotel would recommend	On our 14th trip to Vegas, we decided to stay off Strip for a change. The Orleans was a great choice. Check in easy, room very nice. Eating choices at this hotel are fantastic. OK, there was a large queue for the 2 for 1 buffet night, but it did not take long. Feeding 2 of us for $15 and change was great. So great, that we were given a 2 for 1 coupon by a kind lady exiting the buffet, and decided to use it on the steak buffet the next day. No complaints there, steak was excellent. We also ate at the Courtyard cafe every day for breakfast, on speciall at £3.99 - couldn't beat it. Used the free bus to the strip every day - except for the weekend when we hired a car . Stayed 7 nights and probably next time would split time between Orleans and Strip. Kinda missed the action just a little bit. Definately would come back to this hotel, they are trying real hard.	
May 24 2009 	The Price is Right	Great hotel - no problems whatsoever. Great prices on food and drinks. Shows were good. Love the convenience of the movie theatres and the arena. Will definitely stay here again. Loved it much better than the strip.	
May 23 2009 	Vegas Trip May 2009	This was our 4th trip to Vegas, and the 2nd time off strip. We stayed off strip last year also and prefer off strip..It is less crowded.This was our first time to The Orleans and we loved it.The rooms are very spacious and there is no noise in the hallways at night and yes there is security 24/7 at the elevators to your rooms.The pool area is nice, but you can only smoke at the bar and no coolers are allowed.If you are looking to lay in the sun sit on the side with the bar first as this is where the sun will come first, it does not get to the other side of the pool until noon.We rented a car so getting to the strip was easy for us. We did have to park valet a few times as there were concerts at the hotel, but we never waited any more than a few minutes to get our car when we needed it.Plenty of places to eat in this hotel..not really all that impressed with the buffet. Would we stay here again...ABSOLUTELY!!!	
May 21 2009 	Has This Place Changed!	So has the Staff.I haven't been back for 10 years.Was staying at Eastside Cannery(It was fine &amp; then i dropped into the Orleans.This is,I believe,the largest of the Boyd Properties,nearly 2000 rooms.Since I had a car &amp;avoid the Strip,location was no big deal.Played some slots &amp; came away with a profit! .So,I went to the Host office &amp; was told that if I moved from my current hotel,I would get all RF comped( for noobs-all room &amp; food charges comped).Also was comped tickets for the Four Tops Show in the Showroom-top ticket-$77 each.Rooms were large with a sitting room area ,separate bath &amp; sink areas.Security located at elevators to rooms 24/7/365.They have shuttle but I didn't use it.Didn't have to. Each day filled with numerous promos &amp; activities.Won $100 in free slot play on their wheelspin &amp; converted that into $500.Only BEWARE!Buffet is OK but ,lines very long for specialty nights.Go early or late.Numerous graveyard specials in coffee shop also.Gourmet room is Canal Street-Food &amp; Service were like the Old Vegas.Quite reasonable but a bit more than at EC.Rooms very quiet,NO Rowdies &amp; this was on a Fight weekend!Kids can stay at their kid's area while parents hit the slots,all well supervised. I must say that their GM has done a helluva job in turning this place around 180 dgrs.	
May 21 2009 	The Only Hotel I Will Stay At In Las Vegas!	I have stayed at the Orleans everytime i have visited Vegas. I've been there 3 times since August 08.The hotel is huge, with lots to do. Lots of casinos, bars, restaurants, a bowling alley, cinema and pool. The rooms are huge and very clean, all for a decent price. We booked our room through Travelocity.The staff are always very helpful and the valet service is amazing!! Will definitely be staying there again.	
May 18 2009 	Not what she used to be	I been visiting vegas once or twice a year for over 20 years. I know the city backwards and forwards and I must say that it has changed a great deal in that time unfortunately not for the better. The orleans opened in the mid 90 s in the coast family of properties. It was my favorite place to stay and by all acounts a &quot; hidden gem &quot;. Since boyd gaming took over this property several years ago it has gone down hill. It is still an O k value but it used to be amazing. now Its very hit or miss. The cut backs are obvious wether its a result of the economy or poor management after my last 2 stays i will not be back.There are far better values with much better service to waste your time with this now mediocre establishment and let me give you my reasons. 1. Valet was once the fastest and best in vegas now horrible at best, and i mean every time 20 min wait min no excuse. and im a great tipper which makes it doubley hard to swallow. 2. service and i mean all service wether it be front desk drink girls or restaraunts etc. mediorcre at best.3. The gambling staff attitudes are the worst. used to be very friendly now they are inexcusably poor. 4. food from the buffet to the cafe in all eaterys there used to be excellent not just good but great . now the only one that i would recomend is big als oyster bar the food there is still fabulous but the wait staff is exceptionally poor. if you eat there sit at the counter. Food is dynamite.The buffet used to be considered the best value in vegas. now all you see there are hoards of nasty locals feeding their grose kids digusting food for a cheap price.  5. Thats what most of their clientel has become the local dregs hanging about with their kids. Apparantly the orleans is so desperate for business this is acceptable by them. Now im not picky by any stretch but I believe if your going to do something you should give it your best effort. Wether that be running a casino or just acting civil in any social situation that involves a large mix of peolple. The current management and staff have obviously lowered their standards to the great new amway mentality. This hotel was once a great value but is now just a cheap place to stay. Dont get me wrong its definitely not the wost place to stay and it may appeal to you. However for me I have found better values elsewhere that provide exceptional service. the 2 places I would recomend are South Point or the golden nugget. If price is not an issue try mandallay bay( great property). Dont be fooled by places like Bellaio or the Wynn or the biggest joke cesears. Nothing more than people trying to pad their egos with money and trust me ive stayed at every kind of propety in vegas low to high. Once again if you need a cheap place to stay you could do worse than the orleans even if you spent more money. But dont expect much from this place its nowhere near what it used to be and its reputation far exceeds its current managements and employees ability.	
May 15 2009 	The hidden value gem of Las Vegas	I love the Orleans in Vegas. Sure it's not the nicest hotel I've ever stayed in in Vegas, others like The Luxor or Mandalay Bay or even The Golden Nugget (maybe my favorite hotel in Vegas) are nicer with better places to eat but you can't beat the price at The Orleans, lets put it this way...three nights for 89.00 dollars total! Thats right you read it right. The also have a movie house, bowling alley and some pretty decent places to eat like Big Al's Oyseter Bar and Koji Sushi bar. Have also recently added a small food court. This hotel is really family friendly. I don't have any kids but if I did I'd stay at The Orleans all the time...movies, bowling, cheap eats without all the drunk tourists running around. The Orleans starr is almost always very helpful. The rooms are really decent size for prices that drop as low as $28 a night, I'd say about 450 sq ft. I've had some minor problems like a safe not working, or maybe the phone acting up but they are usually right on the ball with fixing any problems you bring to their attention. I highly recommend this hotel to friends all the time, I sing the praises of the orleans to anyone who asks about my frequent trips to Las Vegas. Has a pretty kick butt pool area too for a hotel so cheap. I'm telling you you can't beat it for the price.	
May 11 2009 	Much better stay than I thought after reading the reviews	I read alot of the negative comments posted and was expecting a rather &quot;rough&quot; stay...I was very pleasantly surprised...and for $40 a night, I have absolutely no complaints. The rooms are very nice and roomy, a/c worked perfectly. The beds are very firm so if you like extra-cushy pillow-tops, you won't be happy. But if you like your bed nice and firm, you'll be just fine. The tv's in the room are pretty small, but hopefully you won't be sitting in the room too much! The pool area is extremely nice. Two pools and a jacuzzi pool. The restaurants I thought had good food for a fairly good price. Quite a bit to do other than gambling with a movie theater, bowling alley, good workout room, and free shuttle to the strip. It was nice to be off the strip. Last time I was in Vegas I stayed at Bally's and it was loud (sirens, parties, traffic, etc.). I actually enjoyed staying away from the crouds a little more.	
May 8 2009 	Perfect place if you don't want to stay on the strip	I love staying at the Orleans while in Las Vegas for work (not play). It is a convenient location for most of the town. I like the fact that I don't have to fight &quot;Strip&quot; traffic to get in and out of it. The room price is usually very economical during the work week. These days price is important for business travel! Please note - they do charge a $5 resort fee on top of the price of the room per day. If you are looking for a lot of night life then this hotel isn't for you. But if you want a clean, quiet, well priced room (away from the casino part) then this is it.The sushi restaurant is awesome! Very casual and the food is excellent. They have a nice selection of beer and sake. The coffee shop is also very handy when you are running out the door to your first meeting of the day.The rooms are a nice size and very clean. I find the beds to be very comfortable as well. The internet in the room is not free but you can use the business center if you want to check email or print something out. I am not a big gambler but I do like to play the penny slots while in Vegas. There are lots of slot/game options for the &quot;low roller&quot; gambler like me. On the strip there aren't many places with penny slots so the variety is fun.Overall, for the price it is is well worth it.	
May 7 2009 	WONDERFUL TIME	We just returned from our yearly trip to Vegas. We chose THE ORLEANS for several reasons, but price and value were the main reasons. Check in was a breeze. We arrived in around 9 p.m. and were in our room by 9:15. We requested (and got) the first room nearest the elevator. We were on the 9th floor.The rooms were very comfortable, and roomy. Bathroom was small, but nothing to really complain about. Bed was very comfortable (we like hard, firm mattresses). Hardly ever watched television, so I cant comment on that. Casino is so easy to get around in. There was never a large crowd, you coul play almost any machine you wanted. We even won a little (wife hit a $600 jackpot on a .5 machine, and I hit a keno machine for a thousand!)Orleans buffet is very nice, with a lot of different stations. We had 2/1 coupons for 2 days.The coffee shop is very reasonable, and the food is great. Service could not have been any better. The wait staff is superb, and so friendly.Shuttle to the strip is quick and easy.....only about a 10 minute ride.Pool was nicer than I expected. No frills, but very nice. We even went to a movie (matinee) and had a great time. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone. If this is your first trip to Vegas, and want to experience the Strip...dont stay here because it is a bit off the beaten path, but otherwise.....You will LOVE the ORLEANS !!!!!	
May 4 2009 	Much better than I anticipated!	I'm just not a Vegas person. So when I had to attend a conference there last week, I booked a room at the Orleans. It was clean, smoke-free, and the A/C didn't freeze us out. The pools were great and the shuttle to the strip was very helpful. Uaually a smoke free room means the filter is dirty ans still smells of smoke no matter what. The beds were comfy and my only little complaint would be there was not a mini refrigerator in the room to keep water cold. Otherwise it was fab. Oh and, at the conference lunch, they served a Ginger Mousse dessert- TO DIE FOR!!! Still dreaming about it...............	
May 2 2009 	360 degree difference from 2 years ago	This was my second stay at The Orleans - two years I had a great time, loved the buffet - tolerated the off strip location because of value and general friendliness of staff. This time around my stay was the exact opposite. Staff was, for the most part, disinterested or untrained, blatant errors in billing that would not be corrected UNLESS I pursued the matter, French Market buffet was either edible or inedible - total difference from 2 years ago. Even the coffee maker ( I guess you could call it that) was a sorry excuse. The worst part - Billing errors - went through a lot of time and energy getting it straight.	
May 2 2009 	Worst Place to Play Craps	Just finished a session at the Orleans. Dealers were below average and poorly trained. Some had serious problems paying bets. How about this dice call, &quot;Seven out means early out.&quot;. Or when a player left the table without tipping, &quot;Thanks for everything.&quot; They are constantly watching TV or talking and not paying attention. You have to tell them three times to get a bet placed. Rarely hear a &quot;thank you&quot; when you tip them.	
May 1 2009 	Great find thanks to tripadvisor!	We stayed at Orleans last week after a trip to the Grand Canyon. I found a great deal on the hotel website ($115.00 + tax for 2 nights) as well as good reviews here. The room was not only large with a king bed, large bathroom, &amp; nice furniture but was also clean and quiet on the 11th floor. We were very impressed, as it had sounded too good to be true!We did have a problem with the room safe not working and needing to be completely replaced the first morning. right as we were going out for breakfast. ($5.00 per day mandatory &quot;resort fee&quot; covers this and other stuff so use the safe but check it when you get there to make sure it's working BEFORE you are going out the door ) After over an hour of waiting I was getting irritable and HUNGRY. We finally went down to the front desk and the manager kindly offered to buy us breakfast after ensuring that in the meanwhile the safe issue would be resolved by the time we finished, and it was. Fabulous breakfast the Courtyard Cafe, hotel also has a Subway, Sbarro, Fuddruckers, and more in the foodcourt (cheap eats), also a $7.99 buffet that was good for our next breakfast. There were a couple of other restaurants in the hotel too. Also important to know: In &amp; Out Burger is not too far away either- yeay! Obviously we aren't big on &quot;fine dining&quot; because we didn't bring attire for it. You can find that at Orleans too, plus at any hotel on the strip- the large hotels each have several of those. The giant bowling alley looked like fun, had an 18 (?) screen movie theater and pool that we didnt even take time to go see for lack of time, and it closed early which we thought odd. The casino wasn't nearly as crowded as on the strip but we didn't go to LV to gamble anyway so I can't comment on the gaming.Parking at the hotel was free and you could park any place you wanted to, valet service also available. Shuttle was OK for getting to the strip but it's a loooong hike back down there to the one &amp; only stop if you've walked any distance. I was completely wiped out and was getting blisters from my sandles so do yourself a favor and wear tennies in Vegas. You'll do ALOTof walking....you're a tourist anyway and you'll never see those people again so who cares! (at least it won't be black socks &amp; sandals! ;) If you choose to drive to the strip, parking at the casinos on the strip is a pain and there's road construction going on too.Each staff person we dealt with at Orleans was very pleasant and when we passed employees in the hallways, etc- they greeted us which we thought was really nice. Not much of that any place these days! We'd definately stay here again if we came back to Las Vegas.	
Apr 27 2009 	Good value but lacking in location	Rooms are better than average and kept very clean. Would have been nice to have a fridge in room to keep water cold, but not a big deal. One of the lamps didn't work. The bathrooms are very nice and you have a room safe and iron &amp; ironing board. I heard this casino has the loosest slots, but I didn't experience that at all. Pool area is adequate, not as good as some other casino/hotels like MGM, Mandalay Bay, Flamingo, etc. but it did the trick when overly hot. Pool closes daily at 7:00 PM. Hotel also has a 10 Pin Bowling Center with some 70 alleys and a multiplex movie theater. Room prices are overall a good value, but the Orleans is by itself away from everything. This can be either good or bad depending on what floats your boat.When you go to Las Vegas (at least for the 1st time) you want to be on the Strip. Orleans is off the Strip and it's about a $10 cab ride to and from or you can use the complimentary shuttle which leaves every 30 minutes (but the shuttle doesn't run 24 hours). Although the Orleans was a decent hotel/casino and a value, we found staying off strip to be an inconvenience and we probably wouldn't do it again.	
Apr 27 2009 	What a room!! ( And hotel)	I have just come back frm a road trip round the USA with my husband &amp; stayed in the Orleans for 3 nights. It was the best hotel on my trip. As it was our 1st wedding anniversary, we were given a room upgrade to an executive suite for a extra $75 a night, and it was definatly worth it!! We ended up on the 20th floor ( hotel goes uo to 21 floors) with a complete view of the strip from both bedroom &amp; lounge rooms, yes, we had a lounge too, which included the biggest t.v ever, a 6 seater glass dining table, and our own bar!! ( had to buy own achol) The room had 4 t.vs, &amp; a huge tub. It was the largest room I have ever stayed in. The hotel itself is about 1.5 miles away from the main strip, it offers a free shuttle in, but to be honest, we stayed in our hotel most of the time as the casino was a lot more relaxed than in the centre, as it did not have tourists in &amp; out all the time, there were 9 restaurants, &amp; 1 swimming pool. The frnch market buffet was always very popular, you pay 1 price &amp; then eat all you want, it was set up with sections with different food from different countries, Mexican, Chinese , american etc, well worth thr money. Overall, this hotel was excellent, I would definatly stay again.	
Apr 25 2009 	A genuine gem	The Orleans is a mid sized hotel/casino about a mile west of the strip. Valet parking is prompt and efficient. Checkin also. The rooms are large and offer a small sitting area adjacent to the bedroom. Everything is neat and clean. Maid service is very good. Beds and linens great. Restaurants good and reasonably priced. The buffet is generic but good. Tried the Canal Street this time, (steak house) Very good food and service. Prices can't be beat, we've stayed at the Orleans a number of times and never paid over $40 a night. They always seem to have a promotion of some sort. Worth a little searching! They will meet any travel website price. I'm going to Las Vegas again in a couple of weeks and am already looking to book the Orleans.	
Apr 25 2009 	Hurricane Katrina in Las Vegas	Never again at the Orleans. It's better to find someplace else to go to. You don't want to go to this place if you can avoid it. You might be better off staying at some FEMA trailers in the parking lot, because then you would have nice people to have host you. Good luck!	
Apr 24 2009 	Great as usual	4th trip to the Orleans in the last year and once again found the hotel to be an outstanding time. Front desk staff were very helpfull with getting a good room. They had given me two rooms but both had been smoked in . They were very cordial and gave us to comped buffets for our trouble. Food in the cafe ,buffet , TGIF's and Fuddruckers were all quite good. Found the slots tight but the VP was very good in its payouts. Don't drink alcohol but the CW's were always around and beautiful and friendly as ever. Pretty good band in the lounge area. I always feel extremely comfortable in this hotel and would recommend the hotel to anyone	
Apr 22 2009 	Couldn't have been better	My husband and I spent a 9 days there this past November. Summers are crazy for us so this was our get away together. This is the second time we have stayed at The Orleans. Love the location. Easy access to anywhere we went yet not in the middle of everthing. We had everything we needed. Great places to eat, in house entertainment was great. Rooms were clean, comfortable and if we needed anything, like an extra pillow, it was always right there, but we didn't have to ask for much because it was already taken care of. Love the valet and bell staff. They take great care of you. Everyone makes you feel right at home. It has become our first choice to stay in Vegas!!	
Apr 20 2009 	A Great Place to Stay	This hotel is located off the Strip. It is a few blocks behind NYNY and offers very affordable rates. We only paid $34 a night, plus they gave us coupons for restaurants, bowling, slots. This was our second time staying here and we loved this hotel/casino. The Orleans is huge and the atmosphere is lively . The hotel has 21 floors and the rooms are clean and spacious. The beds are very comfortable. We had a great view of the Strip off in the distance. There is a free shuttle to the Strip, but we did not use it because we rented a car. There are many restaurants in the Orleans. The buffet is huge and reasonablely priced $8.99 for breakfast, $9.99 for lunch, and $13.99 for dinner. We priced the dinner buffets on the strip and some were as high as $29.99. The casino is huge, there is an arena for shows, a large bowling alley, a gym, a spa, a business center with 10 minutes of free internet per stay. and a movie theater. The pool area is pretty, but I don't think the pool is heated. If you are looking for an elegant hotel then the Orleans is not for you, but if you want an affordable lively, clean hotel/casino the Orleans is a great choice. One negative thing that I did notice was that the smoke in the Orlean's casino was more noticable than in other casinos such as the Palms, TI, and Mirage, but even still I would not hestiate to stay there again.	
Apr 15 2009 	Better stay this time around	We stayed at The Orleans for 2 nights, April 6 and 7. It was our second stay. We also stayed in October 2008 and found the staff rather uninterested and the slots tight. This time, however, we enjoyed our stay much more. The registration desk lady was very friendly and helpful. We had arrived early, about 11:30 a.m. and to our pleasant surprise, our room was ready! Rooms here are very spacious and quite nice, if a bit dated. Our room was clean and the bed was comfortable. As far as restaurants go, we found the Courtyard Cafe breakfasts didn't seem as tasty as last time; maybe it was just us. For dinner, we ate at TGI Friday's, which was very reasonably priced and our server friendly. We also had a nacho appetizer plate, which was quite good. One night we decided to try the Prime Rib Loft, and are we ever glad we did! They had a terrific dinner special for Easter week, filet mignon and a Maine half lobster w/salad, huge baked potato, glass of wine, dessert and coffee or tea for $20 pp. It was absolutely delicious - salad was beautifully prepared, cold and crisp and the main course items perfectly cooked. Service was very good also, the restaurant spacious. We saw a movie upstairs in the theater complex, only $7.50 pp. Nice theaters with surround sound. All in all, a very pleasing experience. If you want good quality and reasonable prices, a nice quiet location away from the hustle and bustle of the Strip, The Orleans is an excellent choice. We will be back!	
Apr 11 2009 	Good but not what it used to be	After a nightmare of a stay at Primm I was glad to be at The Orleans. Our Bowling league has held our finals there ever since they opened, and I've stayed here for the last seven years. Well when they changed ownership, service changed , from a very friendly and very service oriented staff to a mediocre and more corporate minded one, still the place is a good one. Rooms are large, clean, but are starting to show their age, the food is good, specialy at Prime Rib Loft and Cannal Street, the buffet is tipical, good price tough, The courtyard café used to feature great graveyard specials, and great food, specialy at breakfast, much better than at the buffet, sadly, no more specials, service was marginal at best and the food was not as good. Overall it seems the once great value that it was is turning into &quot;you get what you pay for&quot;, I hope not, but I see now why the original owner ( Mr. Gaugahn ) opted out and got his own place, still, with all that said it's still not a bar place, I'm probably nostalgic and miss the frinely staff that used to work here.	
Apr 5 2009 	very happy with our stay at The Orleans	We just got back from a 4 night stay at The Orleans. We were very happy with everything about this hotel. The rooms were very large with nice beds and linens. The food was very good at the Courtyard Cafe. The buffet was excellent and reasonable. The shuttle service to and from the strip was great, we never waited longer than 10 minutes at the most. It was great to stay off the strip, we don't regret that decision at all. We are looking forward to our next visit and would highly recommend The Orleans to anyone.	
Apr 3 2009 	Will stay again	Our first time to Vegas and would highly recommend &quot;The Orleans&quot; to everyone. The rooms are spacious and well kept by the staff. Anything extra you need the hotel is more than willing to supply within minutes. The bed (King Size) was the most comfortable I have slept in in years. I loved the idea that we had a safe in our room with our own code to lock anything away. Felt safe the whole time there. Even though off the strip, you have access to the strip with the free shuttles. We took one day to the strip and decided that we were glad we stayed off the strip as the hustle and bustle is not at the Orleans, but everything you need. You never even have to leave the hotel unless you choose to. An excellent place to stay and very affordable. Thanks to the staff for making our first visit the most enjoyable holiday ever. The food at the Market was excellent and you come away knowing you had an excellent meal.	
Apr 2 2009 	Have stayed here 5 times so far and will continue to stay here	There were no unpleasant surprises this time. They took out my favorite greasy hamburger stand (Terrible Mikes) but have added Fuddruckers, Sbarro, Subway and Baskin and Robbins in a food court.Special pricing was $30/night and even picked up some free buffet coupons which meant the price of the room around $10 per night. The transportation is sort of a pain with the full vans but if you want a car, there is a rental outfit across the street which is cheaper than renting out at the airport. Be sure and have some chowder and the buffet has theme nights which are very good. The buffet is as good as anything on the strip.	
Mar 30 2009 	Well Worth It	I just spent 5 nights at the Orleans and found nothing lacking. Friendly staff all the way around. Now for a tip for those staying at the Orleans that have a car. Park in the ramp on the west side of the property. When entering the casino from the ramp take the outside path which will lead you to the elavators and easy access to the registration desk. If driving to the strip the best way is to follow the street on the westside of the property to Harmon. Turn left and go to Decatur and then turn right. Follow Decatur to Twain and turn right. Follow Twain all the way to you come to Industrial. Turn left and go under the freeway and come to the stoplight. Turn right on Frank Sinatra and then a left on Jay Sarno. This will bring you to Caesars Palace's parking ramp. Reverse the process to get back to the Orleans. Simple way to avoid traffic.	
Mar 30 2009 	A hidden Gem off the Las Vegas strip	We were a bit skeptical about the Orleans as we had not heard very much about it in all our years traveling to Vegas. We have stayed at virtually all of the big name hotels on the strip over the years including the Hilton just off the strip, and were looking forward to a change. We were not disappointed to say the least! The room was every bit as good as any we have had over the years, and the household staff was great. Make sure you leave a tip daily for the household staff; best money you will spend! Because we were with our daughter and family who stayed at a different hotel, we did not eat at the Orleans but are told the buffet is first class. Looking for a change; try the Orleans!	
Mar 28 2009 	would stay again	We have just returned &quot;25th march&quot;. After having the best holiday yet. the orleans cannot be beaten for value.Checking in was easy and very quick. receptionist being very friendly and helpful.Bedrooms are huge,with a settee and easy chair..Plenty of choice as to eating...Bars were very busy as it was the college basketball championships..But no problem in getting served..Those who have written BAD reviews about this hotel must have extremely high standards and nothing would satisfy them..We are fussy about any accomodation that we book and was a bit worried after reading some of the reviews about staying here but we worried for nothing. We would definately stay here again.The shuttle bus runs every 15mins to the strip and only takes about 5mins..Bottles of bud was only $1 50cents and a bucket of 5 bottles was $6 25cents..Talking to a lady on plane home she was paying $10 a bottle in the hotel she had stayed in..So it paid big time to stay off the strip..and would definately fly with northwest airlines again..alltogether a fantastic holiday from start to finish..can't wait to go back..	
Mar 26 2009 	Great hotel for the price	We were initially taken back by the $36.00/a night price for the hotel, but my sister recommended the place. You know the saying you get what you pay for.. Well, we were very pleased with our king, non smoking room. The room was very spacious, the bathroom had plenty of room, and we had a view out the window of the mountains.The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. There was a bowling alley, movie theatre, swimming pool, many good restaurants (we ate in three), and of course gambling. The hotel is not on the strip, but they have a shuttle to take you there. You really don't have to leave the hotel for anything. We've done the strip hotels. They are very expensive and crowded. As you can tell we enjoyed our stay and will definetly go back in the future!	
Mar 25 2009 	Been there before Came back and will return again.	Stayed at the Orleans 2 yrs ago and was very satisfied. This time I was by myself and knew the Hotel was safe for me to stay alone for 4 days.. Security guards by the Elevators were friendly and helpful. The room was large, clean &amp; comfortable. Asked to be put by elevators, and was. The free shuttle to the strip took about 15 minutes. One day walked one way and the next night walked the other way to see and play at all the &quot;Big&quot; hotels.Saw a very recent movie and received free popcorn, up stairs at the 16 movie Theatres. The Market place buffet was well worth the price, Some good fast food restaurants and received coupons, also. The &quot;Slots&quot; were friendly, they paid off enough to be able to play for a while on their money. My fault I put it all back. Shuttle service to and from the airport was convient and effecient .Of course the price of the room ($32- $42) was a great bargen . Once at the Orleans, it is not necessary to leave the Hotel . They have everything to make your stay a wonderful vacation. I will definatly be back again.The only drawback was... It was not warm enough to use the pool, but , there was no snow in Vegas, thank god.s	
Mar 24 2009 	love the orleans	we stayed at the orleans from march 18th to the 22nd. we asked for a higher floor room with a strip view and got one out of the two, even though he told me no problem. we were on the 19th floor with a view of the mountains, which was nice, but would of preferred a strip view. the rooms are very good size. we had a king bed which was pretty comfy. there is a couch and a chair by the window. the t.v. is a regular t.v. with basic channels. house keeping did a very good job on the room. very clean. it was pretty quite. didn't hear much of anything. check in was very fast. checking out was even faster. we ate at t.g.i.fridays. it was very good. we also had breakfast at the courtyard cafe, which is open 24 hours. the buffet is o.k. for the price. the food court is a little over priced but convienent. over all we had a very good stay at the orleans and are looking forward to staying there again.	
Mar 20 2009 	A really nice hotel 1 mile off the strip	If you have been to Las Vegas before and done the strip crawl then this is the place to stay this time- very nice roomy rooms and loads to do at the Casino- movie theatre, bowling, internet access in the business center. It is a bit of a walk from the parking area unless you use the valet parking which is located along the right side of the building. Check in was fine and they even were able to give us a free breakfast buffet when we did not find it in our welcome folder. Sign up for the frequent gamblers club and they give you 5 bucks to gamble with as well as Mardis Gras beads. Use the card when you go to the restaurants to get a buck off. My favorite place was the Mexican restaurant from 3-5 pm- margaritas for a buck and half price appetizers! Just have an early dinner and gamble the night away.	
Mar 16 2009 	Nice hotel not such a convenient location...	This was my first trip to Las Vegas and the Orleans was a nice place to stay. First, what I did not enjoy was the fact it was off the strip, therefore not a good location for any first-time Las Vegas visitor. I would have enjoyed to stay someone on the Strip to walk around and sightsee or Downtown (as do many fellow Hawaii travelers). The taxi ride cost about $15 to the Strip area. =( What I liked about this hotel was their superior room service/customer service. The room service was very affordable, easily available, and speedy. Also when we requested a refrigerator (for a cost of $15 per day extra...) It was immediately brought to our room. It was also nice to have a window in the bathroom if you want some fresh air. The rooms and hallways are rather dated-looking and the lobby/casino area had a sweet perfume-like smell. Since this was my first trip to Vegas, I am not sure if this is the norm..... The buffet was okay, I wasn't quite impressed, but I can't complain since it was part of our hotel deal where meals are paid for. They have a TGI Fridays in the hotel which I enjoyed and they also had an asian restaurant there which was okay, nothing fabulous.	
Mar 16 2009 	If You Don't Need to Be on the Strip Stay Here!	My wife and I just stayed two nights at the Orleans. We found the check-in process to be efficient, requested a room on a higher floor, and were offered a room on the 20th floor with a smile. We've been to Las Vegas a number of times, and you just have to accept the fact that all hotels are smoky. That being said, we didn't find this hotel to be too terribly smoky. We ate at the Chinese/Japanese restaurant - had the General Tso Chicken and Chow Mein and we were pleased! Video roulette game as low as 10 cents per spin, and tons of penny slots made this a pretty fun time!Regarding the room, it was very spacious, had a 32 inch LCD television, and it was clean. All in all, we loved it!	
Mar 12 2009 	Great time at the Orleans!!!	My wife and I were meeting family in Vegas for a fun filled NASCAR weekend. We were all travelling on a tight budget, and the rates at the Orleans couldn't be beat by ANYONE in Vegas that weekend.The rooms are spacious and well kept. Nice little seating area with a sofa and chair. The bathroom was huge, and the tub/shower was plenty big enough. The room staff were fantastic. We would go get a bite to eat, be back in half an hour and the rooms were done. Great job!!!The hotel offers free valet parking, so why self-park and end up on the other side of the property. The valet service was quick and conveinent (and free). The other nice thing about the Orleans is that it is a &quot;locals&quot; casino, so the payouts are alot better than those on the Strip. We are planning to come to next years race, and we'll be back at the Orleans!	
Feb 28 2009 	Awsome Rooms for LOW LOW Price	For under $50, VERY nice, VERY comfortable. Best sleep that we've ever had at that price! Easy parking, not too far to walk to rooms, including the casino. Bed was just right, not too hard, not too soft. Comfy pillows. Towels not too thin. Roomy bathroom.	
Feb 25 2009 	Very disappointed in the Hotel Registration Personal	Dana Downs and Stephanie both neighter would help me as I requested comps for dining (buffett) or in any way as I booked my reservations way in advance paying much more than the going rate when I checked in. Those two ladies (and one or both were supervisiors) did not seem to care that I had this complaint. Also they gave me the last room at the end of the longest hall in Las Vegas. (atleast it seemed). Being the hotel was not filled- that was not necessary, but rather punishment. The room was nice- it just was a long walk to get to it. Most of the other Hotel employees were very pleasent, but I learned to avoid this hotel was not a customer friendly place that wanted repeat business. After 4 days I went to the Excalibur where I recieved 3 breakfast buffett coupons right when I checked in, and it was less money! The Four Queens also was very good to me as it was the last of five Hotels I stayed at in January. The Circus Circus was better than the Orleans. So - they won't get my business as I go to the C.E.S. show every year in January. I hope you visit the Hotel but don't expect anything extra or extended kindness. By the way. I told them I was going to review this hotel and ask for there names. They seemed proud to give them out. Imagine that?	
Feb 11 2009 	Nice Hotel Great Price But We Were Run Over By 600+ Children and Will Not Be Back	We just returned from a five night stay the The Orleans. Our first two nights were great. The rooms are large and the beds are comfortable. Lot's of restaurants and things to do on site making it really not necessary to go to other casinos. Initially our only complaint was the long length of the hallways in the hotel; most rooms are a long walk from the elevator. In addition, when you get off of the elevator there are no signs directing you to the appropriate room numbers. There are signs, but not right as you exit the elevator. We found ourselves getting off the elevator and going one way, then another until we found the sign that included our room number. Very confusing! The buffet food is just okay, nothing to write home about. On day two we received a memo in our room stating JAMZ was holding their national cheerleading competition at The Orleans Arena. In speaking with one of the parents, there were over 600 cheerleaders staying at the hotel for the competition. I am guessing the age of the cheerleaders were from five to thirteen. We have three children who are young adults so we are familiar with being around children. However, when we plan a vacation all year and go to Las Vegas, we do not expect Las Vegas to be like Disneyland! Children were yelling and running up and down the hallways. The walkways through the casino were packed with children, many of them without chaperones. When booking our vacation direclty with The Orleans, no one ever told us there would be 600 children staying there at the same time. When I mentioned this to the front desk clerk upon check out his response to me was, &quot;They have the same rights as you do.&quot; Yes, but at the time of booking no one ever told me there were going to be so many children at the hotel. Perhaps The Orleans knew if they told people there was going to be so many children staying at the hotel at the same time, we'd book our stay elsewhere??? When I told him we would not be back, his response to me as, &quot;I am sorry you feel that way, but that is fine.&quot; In these difficult economic time I guess The Orleans has plenty of business to go around and doesn't need our business. We are in Las Vegas generally 1-2 times per year and we will NOT return to The Orleans.	
Feb 2 2009 	Hard to beat for Value - Recommended!	Stayed here on January 23, 2009. We chose this hotel based based on the fact we were looking for a good, clean, and comfortable place to crash for about 5-6 hours after getting off the plane late on a Friday night and driving to LA very early the next morning. Close to McCarran Airport and no hectic driving up the Strip to another hotel - excellent in that regard.For the price we paid on a Friday night - about $40 all taxes and fees paid, the Orleans was a hell of a deal. The rooms are large and comfortable. Very clean and generally well kept. Furnishings are older and showing some wear, but our room on the third floor was still nice. Most importantly, bathroom was bright and very clean. Full couch and chair with coffee table in sitting area. Older, dated television set. Bed a little hard but both of us had a good sleep on it. Black-out curtains to keep the din of the city lights out. Great view of the strip if you're facing the east side. Lots of free parking but be prepared to walk.Check-in was very quick, once we found the front desk area (you have to wade through the casino to do so). This is a big place, so there was quite a walk to the hotel wing and then a long walk down the corridor where our room was located. The hotel section was quieter than I expected, though you should expect the odd straggler coming to or going from the casino floor, and thus hearing doors open/close.Services are in abundance...excellent choice of restaurants including propreitary establishments like Starbucks, TGIFs, etc. Place overall was well looked after and well staffed. I would definitely stay there again in the near future. As long as you don't need the excitement of the strip atmosphere, which is several blocks away, this is a good choice especially if you are value minded.	
Feb 1 2009 	Checking in the Orleans	My family and I stayed at they Orleans for Christmas. It was my father's first time in Las Vegas and we were excited for him. We arrived at the hotel at about noon. We attempted to check in knowing that the hotel may not have our rooms ready, but thought &quot; who knows maybe&quot;. The rooms were not available yet, we were told that they would be ready in an hour. Bellhops kept our luggage and off we went to have lunch at the hotel resturant. We took our time (1 1/2 hours later) went back to check in. Rooms were still not ready. The front desk said one more hour. They were very rude with attitude. We sat on the couches. Let me just tell you my mom(65years), dad (66), uncle (75), aunt (70), my sister, brother-in law, niece 3 years old, and needing her nap!, and my husband and my self. My dad's first trip was becoming a nightmare without a bed to have the nightmare in!! Finally after waiting four hours we were able to check in. To avoid this whole problem the front desk just needed to say that the rooms wouldn't be ready until 4 and we could have gone out enjoy the sights. The rooms were were clean and bed was average. The bathroom and sitting area were nice and roomy. The movie theatre and bowling alley were great to have. TGIF and the buffet were good . We were going to leave on Friday but our flight was cancelled and Unfortunetly the Orleans could not accommadate us one more night. They told us that WE had to call from an in-house phone to reserve a room at the Gold coast. The Cold Coast was a whole other problem. Overall the Orleans is a nice place to stay , we stayed three other times in the past with no problem, just don't go early to check in.	
Jan 31 2009 	Terrific inexpensive hotel	We have stayed at this hotel in 2004, 2005 and 2007 and have only had a couple problems, both with our first stay. We had terrible hot water problems that never did better though they sent up someone fairly quickly to try and fix it and we had a lamp that wouldn't work, which they fixed pronto. We had noise that first year because they were expanding the hotel and we were right up from that, but it couldn't really be helped and as we had a strip view we stayed put instead of asking for a different room. The hotel has very spacious rooms like mini suites, they now have safes, which they didn't our first two visits, clean linen, bathrooms and nice hygiene ammenities. It is about 2.5 miles from the strip, has a ton of eating places of every $ amount, a great area upstairs with a bowling alley, very small arcade and an ok movie theater. One of the nice things about this hotel is it caters to locals so the pool area isn't full of people wanting to be seen with their bikinis or buff bodies but just regular folks wanting to enjoy the pool, which is huge and lovely. You don't have to wrangle for chairs like at the strip hotels, they have a great place to get drinks and you can sit and people watch to your hearts content. I would highly recommend this for the older generation that doesn't want to have to deal with the half naked, drunks that seem to litter the strip hotel pools. All in all, we are planning our next trip and will more than likely stay here again.	
Jan 24 2009	Vegas 09	Vegas 09I had never stayed off Strip, but friends were staying at the Orleans. Deals in Vegas were great. 25 a night (1/13-1/16/09) and a $20 slot or table comp and $20 in food comp. Some machines were down at that time due to the installation of a new casino rug.They worked very quickly and finished each section by the end of each day.I did try Fudrucker's at the food court and thought the Strawberry shakes were OK, not as good as Foxwoods, but they were actually a little cheaper, chicken Caesar salad was a little more in price and also was smaller that out East. (Possibly because it was a FOOD court not a regular eat in resturant) I think the casino and rooms were great (Winter Special) SWA had a 50% off flight deal. The only dislike was that the shuttle to the Strip and other Coast Casinos didn't start until 9:30 AM. I also stayed one night at Bills Casino, rates were not as good as they were when it was the Barbary Coast,(the service was excellent as usual) but it was central and gave me the opportunity to do a lot of walking and checking out the new look in Vegas.Weather was great, and the Bellagio had their newest theme &quot;Chinese New Year &quot;at the Conservatory. The Gellato was also great , the strip in general was very quiet M-T and picked up on Thursday PM.I will try to include Pix from my phone at a later time, I need to figure out how to get them off the phone.	
Jan 22 2009	not so good anymore	We have just returned home from Las Vegas.Still a great place to visit .Bette Midler show is a must. We stayed at the orleans where we have stayed a few times before and enjoyed it. BUT it is not the place it used to be. They were replacing the carpet in the casino area. I personally think they should have started replacing the pillows in the rooms first. They are tiny and very thin. The rooms are getting run down. We had water come up into the hand basin when we used the shower. We will stay at south point next time as it is newer and cleaner. We prefer not to stay on the strip.	
Jan 21 2009 	Nice Budget Priced Hotel	Very nice hotel with great beds, beautiful rooms and nice bathrooms. Got a great price two nights for less than $100. They have a shuttle to the strip and to Gold Coast, no cost. Great place for the budget minded. The mexican restaurant is good and nicely priced. All in all a good experience.	
Jan 14 2009 	Great Room With a View of the Strip	I stayed at this hotel over the 2008-2009 New Year for 8 nights and was thrilled at how nice it was! It was everything that I had wanted out of a hotel. The room was big and clean, had a nice comfy king-size bed in a non-smoking room, and a gorgeous view of the entire strip (from Stratosphere to Mandalay Bay)! Service at both check-in/out and by the maintenance staff was friendly. The fitness facilities are really nice and are included in your stay. Too bad it was too cold to use the beautiful pool! The free shuttle to/from the middle of the strip was convenient and only took about 10-15 minutes. Best of all, my stay averaged about $50 CAD/night with taxes including my stay over New Year's Eve and Day, even after paying for the $5/night resort fee. (I had the Winter Sale special which included $20 Free Play and $20 Free Food Credit.) &quot;Funbook&quot; coupons for $10 match play and other miscellaneous things are given during check-in.Freebies in the room include a shower cap, toiletry kit (emery board, q-tips, cotton pads, sewing kit), shampoo, conditioner, and body lotion. The $5/night resort fee includes 10 minutes at the Business Centre daily, coffee/tea, unlimited local and toll-free calls, and fitness facilities/pool.For those of you concerned about past reviews that the safe is not bolted down, I think the Orleans has addressed this problem. The safe that was in my hotel room was bolted down so it was secure - I checked.New Coast Club Members get $5 Free Play when they sign up. Members get $1 off any of the affiliated buffets when they present their Coast Club Card. Members also get 7000 pts the month of their birthday, which is equivalent to $7 cash or $10 food credit. I just celebrated my birthday in December, so not only did I get the Winter Sale $20 Free Play and $20 Food Credit, I got another $5 in Free Play for being a new Coast Club Member and $10 food credit for my birthday! That was a total of $25 Free Play and $30 Food Credit! It's nice to be comped :) FYI - I won about $22 playing the slots using the Free Play!The lunch buffet at the French Market Buffet wasn't the greatest and I would probably only give it 2.5-3 stars out of 5, but the Champagne Brunch on New Year's Day was better and I give that 3.5 stars out of 5. The Main Street Station Hotel Buffet on Tuesday T-Bone Steak Night (4.5 stars out of 5) is so much better than the French Market Buffet, yet is also owned by Boyd Casinos, so I'm not sure why the food isn't better at the French Market Buffet. They should cross-train the chefs and that would make this hotel even more awesome than it already is!The cafe has an all day special of a double cheeseburger with fries for $3.99 that is pretty good (3.5-4 stars). The spaghetti with meatballs and garlic bread graveyard special for $3.99 is not bad either (3.5 stars).I would definitely stay here again and would recommend this hotel to my friends/family. It was not only a big room with a beautiful view, but a great hotel with an unbeatable price and good location close to the strip with free shuttles. Couldn't ask for a better hotel! I've stayed at the Paris twice before (once in a VIP suite with my family, and once in a regular room) and at Imperial Palace in a regular room in the past. I would say the Orleans was a much better experience overall (with the exception of the Paris VIP suite), since the amenities at the Orleans actually surpassed that of the Paris and the Imperial Palace. Paris and Imperial Palace cost more, did not include the gym or Business Centre, and their rooms and beds weren't as nice either. Sorry, I don't remember if they included coffee/tea or phone. Thanks to the Orleans for making this a perfect getaway!	
Jan 8 2009 	Great hotel not far from the strip	My buddies and I go to Vegas every march to enjoy the NCAA basketball tournament and we always stay at the Orleans. The hotel is much cheaper than most hotels on the strip and it is not that far from there at all. They offer a free shuttle to and from the strip, so no need to spend all your money on cab fare. The setup they have for the basketball tournament is the best; a large ball room with big screen TVs all around, food and drink stands and a couple places for you to place your bets; no need to leave the room for anything. There are also all kinds of restaurants in the hotel that are reasonably priced (there is something for everybody). I would definitely recommend the Orleans, especially during March Madness.	
Jan 7 2009 	Better than I expected	My husband and I stayed at the Orleans for the Christmas holiday, and have to say that this hotel is pretty nice. I had my doubts about staying there but all in all our stay was one of the best vactations we ever had. Check-in was quick and easy, the staff were pretty helpful and friendly, the room was decent, and their food was pretty good as well (especially Don Miguel's). As far as the room goes everything was pretty decent. The only thing I didn't like from the room was the bed spread. They don't use blankets so it took awhile to get use (thankfully the heater work nicely so it was warm enough were you don't need a blanket). We would definitely come back to stay again.	
Jan 3 2009 	Still The Best Value in Las Vegas - But Becoming Less Each Trip	Our family stayed at The Orleans for our fifth visit there between December 24 and 27 2008. The Orleans continues today to be the best value in Las Vegas - but the new owners have made some policy changes that are angering their guests and will soon drop the Orleans out of the &quot;Best Value&quot; level into a &quot;Sub Standard&quot; value. For example, they continue to have the largest rooms (925 SQ FT) with 2 queen beds in each for the least amount of money ($35 per night average) but beware what you sign and initial at registration. We were charged a mandatory extra $15 per stay per room for the safe which we did not use and for the shampoo that they say is special. I argued to no avail as they already had my signature and a copy of my charge card. The television service in the rooms has also changed. There are fewer regular channels available to make room for more pay pre view channels. The hotel &quot;has&quot; improved the exhaust system to rid the gaming area of cigarette smoke but the food at The French Market Buffet was absolutely horrible this trip. I hate saying that because I love buffets and The French Market was always one of my favorites. It is easy to see that the quality of food products has deteriorated. For example, the meats at the carving stations have a lot more fat content, the seafood is smaller portions with more bread coating to make it look larger, the deserts are less than grocery store quality, the restaurant was only 2/3 filled but service to clean tables was slow leaving guests in line longer than usual. These issues will likely send me back to a resort on the strip for our next trip. Why should I continue to pay extra for a rental car for the off strip Orleans Hotel if the food is so bad I have to go somewhere else to eat meals and the extra expense at check out is nothing short of extortion? Forget taking their shuttle to the strip because it is slow and the lines are very long. Taxi service is as expensive as a rental car so we always rent which allows us to come and go as we please.	
Jan 3 2009 	You can't beat the price	We stayed at the Orleans over Christmas and could not have had a better hotel for the price we paid. The staff were universally friendly and helpful and the drinks flowed at all times in the casino. The rooms are huge, comfortable and clean and I had a fantastic view of the Strip from the 18th floor, ask for this when checking in if you can. The Mexican and Chinese restaurants serve big plates of tasty food and the Courtyard Cafe is good for a filling breakfast, they often have very cheap specials so look out for those. We never waited longer than 10 minutes for the very quick shuttle bus and it was never full. The Orleans is a refreshing change from the hotels on the Strip and the room prices are an absolute bargain. I would thoroughly recommend the Orleans for someone on a budget and would definately stay there in the future.	
Dec 30 2008 	Buffet awful other Orleans problems	My wife and I stayed at the Orleans Hotel &amp; Casinho 12/20-22/08, having stayed there 5-6 times over the past five years. Service, rooms, buffet and restaurants were always good, and the low prices made it a great bargain, but no longer. The Hotel &amp; Casino (and others owned by the sme chain)were sold last year : Coast Casinos sold to Boyd Gaming.. Differences now: The front desk registration staff is less xperienced, less capable: We had reerved and prepaid our room, two queen beds non -smoking. they offered us one king bed on a smoking floor. It was only after much time and seeing the hotel manager that they put us in the room we had originally reserved.The Buffet, previously excellent, was awful: meats tough, fish tough and overdone, many dishes tasteless. The Buffet manager on duty (dinner)recognized our frustratin and refunded the charges, and we went elsewhere. We selected the Orleans partly because of its great buffet and its convenience, which now does not apply. I later talked to the chef who told me that kitchen personnel had not changed, and could not discuss why the food had deteriorated. I discussed this with some other guests I met there who been there before, and also told me they were disappointed in the food.Casino personnel were courteous and helpful. the Orlens has added some other food alternatives: Fuddruckers Hamburgers, Sbarro pizza,but we preferred regular meals.Hotel room (14th floor)was clean, no problems. We had firneds in the hotel who were staying on the 6th floor, and their room was different: carpet frayed, paint flaking, furniture bad.	
Dec 29 2008 	Nice hotel	I stayed here two nights in mid December because a friend was in a tournament. The room was large and in great condition. Security was stationed by the elevators and you had to show your room card to proceed, so the hotel area was always safe. The hotel has a nice feel to it and there are lots of things to do like visit the bowling alley or see a movie. The Alligator Bar had good service and they were quick to replace my empty beer bottles. I spent a little time at the tables and found I had better luck on the strip. The Orleans uses automatic card shufflers, which I am not a fan of.While this hotel and casino are off the strip, the shuttle had excellent service to Bill's Gambling Hall &amp; Saloon and Gold Coast. The shuttle ran every 15 minutes from 10:30am until midnight; only a few times it was almost full. If you get tired of The Orleans and the strip, get off at Gold Coast and check out the Palms across the street. There is really nothing within walking distance of the hotel except a strip club which is directly across the street. Thus, I would advise not walking around, especially at night. The hotel grounds are safe, but it is kind of located in an area where the streets aren't lit too well.Overall great value. If you're on a budget and don't mind having to come back from the strip before midnight, The Orleans would be a outstanding choice.	
Dec 19 2008 	Still a nice place to stay	Stayed at the Orleans December 15th and 16th under their Winter Special promotion; two nights at $25 each with a food voucher for $20 and $20 free slot or table play. I was in Vegas at the time and had my husband reserve this offer same day over the internet.Checked in at around 1 p.m. with no wait. In addition to the food voucher and slot play they also gave me a coupon sheet at check in with bogo free drinks and bowling, $10 matchplay, and free appetizer and cocktail (for up to four people) with entree purchase at Courtyard Cafe.I requested a non-smoking king, but they were out so I received a NS double on the 4th floor overlooking the pool. This was my 4th or 5th time staying but the lowest floor I've been on.After checking in we went down to use the hot tub in the spa/fitness center and were told &quot;the hot tub is closed for renovation&quot;. I was very disappointed with this news; using the indoor hot tub was one of the main reasons I wanted to stay here and the renovation was not listed on their web site. We were also told the outdoor pool and jacuzzi are closed for the season.The only other problem I had was the water in the sink did kind of smell as others have stated. One day I came back to my room and there was a bunch of black residue in the sink, so I knew it had to have backed up some.I ate in the courtyard cafe using the free apetizer/cocktail coupon. For a prime rib dinner with jumbo shrimp cocktail and soda the total with tax was only $12.88. The prime rib was thick cut and everything else was good too. The coupon would have been an even better deal if traveling with others as it was good for up to 4 people.I also ate at the French Market Buffet for breakfast. Their buffet has really cut back on the variety of foods available for breakfast and only served the basics, along with fruit, cereal and danishes. They do still have the omelet/egg station, but there used to be a lot more choices.Overall, the Orleans is still a great choice. They usually have good rates and big, clean rooms. I would stay there again and would also recommend the place to friends on a budget.	
Dec 17 2008 	Business trip to Vegas	This Hotel is a hang out for locals which is fine and for a salesman is off the strip and easy to get around. They have great restaurants to eat. The best thing about it is the price for what you get. I would say a family could stay here and have fun with extra trips to the strip. They have bowling all through the night, movie theatre, and I actually never even saw the pool. Again it was a greta stay for the price. Last time I stayed it was $40 and now in December they are charging $25.	
Dec 16 2008 	Our New Home in Vegas!	My husband and I visited Vegas over Thanksgiving weekend this year. We decided to stay at The Orleans because the college basketball tournament we were attending was being played at their arena. From the minute we arrived to the time we checked out we were very pleased with our stay. We have been to Vegas before and have always stayed on the strip, so this was going to be a new for us is Vegas being off the strip. It was not disappointing. The staff was wonderful. From the check-in desk to the casino floor everyone was great! We arrived very early in the morning and there was no problem with checking-in early to our room. The free shuttle to the Gold Coast and the strip is great! We rode it to the Gold Coast and then walked over to the Rio for lunch. Our first night in Vegas we took a cab to the strip for dinner at PF Chang's, but had we known how close their shuttle dropped off to the Planet Hollywood we would have saved our $20 and used the shuttle! The casino floor has a great variety of slots as well as well-priced table games. I recommend the $1 Deal Or No Deal slot machine...it was great to us!!! The food court seemed to be under a little remodeling, but was efficient. They had just opened a Fudruckers, which was a great spot for breakfast and lunch. Our room was huge compared to some rooms we've paid for on the strip. Very clean and comfortable bed. My husband and I will definately be returning to The Orleans on our next trip to Vegas. I can't see staying anywhere else in the future!	
Dec 8 2008 	Great place to stay	Hotel was great. Just minutes from the strip. Rooms were very cheap, big, clean, and comfortable. The staff was friendly. We will stay here again. We have stayed in some of the hotels on the strip and this is a much better place to stay.	
Dec 1 2008 	Disappointing	I was disappointed in the Orleans simply because the quality of the hotel has gone down. I have stayed here 4 times but this was the worse and i will never go back to stay again. Actually checkin was a breeze they were nice and quick, the bedroom was normal but older style with a door that had a hard time opening and other doors down the hall all seem to slam instead of closing and shutting quietly. The housekeeping did a great job of cleaning. The rooms are just old, old beds, old decor, old faucets, old everything, the pillows are filled with sand or something hard and gave me a sore neck. Its just old, the slot machines are okay, the waitress are the best, the buffet is horrible and the coffee shop is okay. It appears to me that the hotel needs some sort of overhaul, don't stay here if you don't have too.	
Nov 21 2008	Not too bad a bit worn friendly staff except front desk who are evil	We stayed here a few nights and overall found it just okay with the cons canceling out the pros. The rooms are definitely worn and need refurbishment. Carpet was sticky, wallpaper peeling off, and my bathroom's toilet was unscrewed and so rocked when you sat on it. Half the elevator button lights never illuminated when you pressed them. Looks like things neglected here over the years and the hotel has no desire to fix them.Staff in the hotel was friendly EXCEPT the front desk staff. They were the most unfriendly, rude, and incompetent people I've ever dealt with in the hospitality trade. To say they hate their jobs, hate Boyd casinos, and think of customers as painful things to deal with is an understatement. If Boyd group wants to know why they are losing so much money I would say start right here and fire everyone at the front desk. They would openly talk about how stupid the past customer in line was, how they weren't going to accomodate your requests, and how their casino sucked so they didn't care if we went elsewhere. I have no idea how anyone can remain employed treating people like this. Fortunately, everyone else in the hotel was friendly. This included security and the dining facility's staff. We loved the food options at the Orleans as it was affordable, good quality, and never any long waits. Casino itself was a bit on the smokey side with low ceilings but manageable. We didn't mind being a few miles off the strip since we had a rental vehicle. The commute was not long in any way at all.	
Nov 18 2008 	Surprisingly nice	My husband and I stayed here in September of 2007 for two nights and were pleasantly surprised by how spacious the room was. The room was basically a suite with a King bed, a sitting area, a large bathroom and a nice view of the strip. We've paid more for places on the strip that weren't as nice.We think the Orleans breakfast buffet is the best in Vegas and have gone there for breakfast when we've stayed at other hotels, so it was very convenient to roll out of bed and get a great breakfast right downstairs this time. We're not really gamblers, but we enjoyed playing the nickle slots and were happy with the food at TGIFridays and the Courtyard Cafe. The casino was smokey, but it seems they all are, so we just tried to stay out of the really smokey areas if we could. I was impressed by their large bowling alley, but didn't have time to go bowling on this particular trip.We plan on staying at The Orleans again in a few weeks when we go to Vegas during the week of Christmas and the value is unbeatable. I'm really looking forward to staying there again!	
Nov 10 2008 	Fine stay	My wife and I had previously stayed here and had a mixed result. However a cheap rate of $29 reeled us back in for another try.  Overall the results were much better. Check in was a breeze, we waited no more than three minutes to get to the counter. Once at the counter the clerk was efficient and gave us a wonderful room with a view of the strip (albeit a distant view). The room was fine and clean. The bathroom was clean and the A/C worked well. (I like it very cool at night). Granted this is not a five-star hotel and is showing some age, but the rooms suited us just fine. They are quite roomy and the bed was very comfortable but somewhat firm. I would like to state that in Las Vegas, how much do you really need to spend on a hotel room when you need only a few hours to crash and shower for the next day? (And we are well over 50) Only ate at Terrible Mike's for fast food and it was OK but typically greasy. Gambling went well since the Orleans has $5 craps table you can spend some time with little loss. The slots were also OK. Also on check in we got a coupon for $10 match play which I lost quickly and a 2 for 1 drink at any bar.  Check out with the video check out also went well, quickly and accurately since we had to rush to the airport and had to sadly leave the Orleans. In summary this is a great economical place to stay IF and especially if you have a rental car and want a clean comfortable place to stay in Las Vegas. In fact we have already planned to go back in Dec.	
Nov 8 2008 	would stay again.....at a discounted room price	stayed at the orleans on nov 3, 5, 6...spent the 4th at the 4 queens.we received an offer for a $29 night stay mon-thurs and for the price really could not complain.yes, there is a sewer gas smell in the room...perhaps it was because we were on the 2nd floor that made it worse. however, it was really strong the first day and dissipated for the rest of the stay...i would suggest requesting a higher floor.beds were comfortable, a little harder than we are used to, but ok, pillows were on the flat side...request more. we had a blanket between the &quot;duvet&quot; cover and were quite comfortable.check in was great, as always. we did check in at 10:30 am and were given our room right away....this is a huge plus.rented a scooter for husband and it was at the bell desk. no instruction was given....he was a terror on wheels! sorry for mowing down a contingent of chinese guests on the way out of the elevator!we ate at the courtyard restaurant and as always food was excellent, portions huge and price cheap...i love this place.ate also at the buffet for breakfast. was good. we were lucky and got there at 7:30am...HUGE lineup when we were leaving.	
Nov 4 2008 	Very Nice 'Stay	My wife and I have enjoyed the Orleans at least once a year for the last seven years. We have always found it to be a good value given the location, accomodations, restaurants, and other amenities. In our years there , we have had no major problem. I am writing because we just returned from the Halloween weekend and would like to mention a couple of things.  First, one night we were woken up at 3 a.m. to the sound of what sounded like a loud buzzing, an almost electric vibrating sound. it seemed to be originating near the door. I inspected the area and found that it was actually air currents passing between the door and the jam. The weather stripping in that area was vibrating due to the high winds that were passing through the hall. We endured that situation through the night, not wanting to bother the maintenance people so late. Next morning I called the front desk to inquire about it, and they actually were not of much help. They told me that it happens to a lot of rooms when the outside winds start to kick it up currents are drawn through the elevator shafts up to the floors, causing the doors to vibrate?...Anyway, they told me to stuff some towels under the door to keep the winds from coming through. I don't know if it helped because the winds died down the next day.  Secondly, think this hotel strives to provide everything that the average visitor might need on location so that they don't have to go any place else.. ,Restaurants, spa, theatres, bowling alley, arcade, gym, pool, etc. I think their goal is to keep you on site so you don't go and gamble at another hotel. None of these facilities are top rated, just adequate. That's just the way it is given the cost of things , and the fact that they really can't specialize in any one thing...It's okay, most travelers aren't going to need the higher end stuff, Lots of hotels don't have half of the stuff that the Orleans has. If we want first class stuff, I guess we book the Bellagio , Wynn, or the Venetian..... ka-ching $$$$So I guess I'm saying that we'd go back unless we find a better value someplace else...I hope that helps.	
Nov 4 2008 	Comfortable stay	I stayed at the Orleans Hotel &amp; Casino for 2 nights. The location is off the strip, but it is only a couple of miles off the strip. The room was clean and furnished and the view was pretty nice (we stayed on the 11th floor). I was surprised that the bathroom was roomy and clean, however there was no lock on the sliding door. The only thing I was not too fond of was the $5 service charge per night even though we did not make any phone calls or use the coffee machine. The pool was big, but it was shallow and closed early. I would recommend staying here if you are on a budget and want to get away from traffic and chaotic check-ins.	
Nov 2 2008	Excellent Value!	Very nice room for the price. Casino itself was great, with good air quality compared to other smaller casinos. Very comfortable there. Had cheap and good food at the mexican restaurant in casino. Great happy hour prices. Shuttle was convenient, but very busy at times. Can't always count on getting on, and may have to wait for next one. Less than 10 minute taxi ride to strip.	
Oct 31 2008 	Read me before deciding!!!!!	This was the worst experience I have ever had at a hotel. I will keep it simple rather than rant and rave how awful our stay was. Trust me on this one.....!! Here is my list: 1. Very unfriendly staff ( especially at the front desk)!!!!!!2. Rooms smell very bad!3. Pillows are flat and uncomfortable! (and not enough of them)4. No blanket on bed!!!!! ( They give you something that resembles a thin sheet and they call it a duvet (with no comforter inside it!) I have a duvet....and this is no duvet!!! 5. The housekeeping staff knock ( more like bang) on your door at 7:00am just to do a &quot;room check&quot; What the h---is that?? Don't we sleep in when we are in Vegas??6. TV's are old and don't work well!7. ....and all this and you pay top dollar ( on weekends)!!! 8. ......also.....They tell you that they &quot;authorize&quot; $100.00 on your credit card but they actually charge the $100.00 and then charge your card again at check out for the price of the room ( The first $100 falls off your account in 5-7 days!!!!!). 9. Trust me.......keep looking!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This hotel is the worst!	
Oct 30 2008 	Nice large rooms but don't eat here	First time staying off the strip in Vegas. Didn't feel isolated because we had a rental car but we did a lot of driving to other casinos because we got bored w/Orleans casino. Hotel room was large, comfortable and easy to access. Bad bathroom design. Sliding bathroom door did not close w/o locking. Toilet and shower/tub combo were in one section of bathroom w/o a door. Other section had sink and closet. Restaurant service was terrible at all 4 restaurants we went to, including the buffet, Fridays, coffee shop and Prime Loft.	
Oct 27 2008 	Value for money! Stay here!	My wife and I have just returned from a 7 night stay at The Orleans Hotel &amp; Casino. We are in our mid 30’s and have travelled quite a lot, including Las Vegas 3 years previously when we stayed at the Luxor. Here are my thoughts…We arrived at around 7pm on a Thursday evening and the check in queue was short and the line was quick. I tried the $20 trick (where you slip a $20 bill under your credit card as you pass it to the clerk for ID) and asked if there were any non smoking, high floor, recently remodelled rooms available with a good view of the strip. The clerk saw the 20, grew a big smile, took it like lightning, quickly glanced from side to side, and said that she would be sure she could find us something which we would be very happy with! Success! The room was fabulous, very big and spacious and exactly as I asked for with a great view of the whole strip (in the distance). First thing we noticed about the room was that there was absolutely no evidence of smoking. There was no stale smoke smell which was perfect, and the general cleanliness of the whole room was absolutely spot on. There were only about 7 coat hangers in the hanging area (sectioned off next to the bathroom) so I called housekeeping and asked for 10 more which were brought to our room within 15 minutes. Heading down to the casino for the first time was quite overwhelming as it’s a huge place. We wandered around to get our bearings, had a few drinks, and played loads of slots for a few hours. However, every time we sat down at a machine and touched the metal part we were getting a static shock. After about 50 of these I was getting really p*ssed off and decided to change my shoes thinking it may have been a footwear related problem. Nope, still getting them! Aaaaargh! This was to be the pain of our holiday – static shocks almost everywhere at every machine, in every casino! The only place where I didn’t get them so bad was in the Palazzo casino. Does anyone else get this? Or is it just my wife an I?! Anyway back to the review…We ate at Don Miguel’s restaurant on our first night which was pretty good. Usual standard Mexican food but the salsa (which came with the complimentary tortilla chips) was just the best tasting we ate anywhere in Vegas! There are a number of other restaurants and food places in the hotel but as we ate out most of the time, we only managed to try the Orleans French Market Buffet and Subway. The breakfast buffet was easily the best value for money that we found anywhere, and the quality was good. We ate breakfast most days here, apart from once at Planet Hollywood, where we found that the price difference was huge but the difference in quality and selection was only minimal. Stick with The Orleans buffet for breakfast and you wont go far wrong! Also, if you sign up for the Club Coast players card you will receive $5 worth of free slot play and a $1 discount per person each visit at the buffet, making it the best value breakfast eats available. Also with your Coast Card you get a 10% discount at the hotel shops including the gift shop.Back to the room again: the furniture wasn’t worn (as some reviewers have stated) and the yellow/gold patterned carpet looked quite new with only a few minor stains here and there. The artwork on the walls was good and colourful and there were lights and lamps everywhere! The seating area close to the big window was nice and we had a full size French style couch (finished with wood detailing) and an armchair to relax in. The large air conditioning unit worked great but woke us up during our first night as it’s quite noisy. Not being able to find an off switch anywhere, we called maintenance who came first thing the next morning. The guy told us to change the control panel setting to “economy” and this would switch the system off until you change the setting again to auto, slow or full. Problem solved! Some people on here have expressed disappointment with the walls being thin but I’m glad to say that we didn’t experience any problems with noise at all – not one bit! Once the door was closed we didn’t hear a peep from the next room either side nor from the corridor during the whole time we were there. A couple of things which my wife asked me to mention was that there is a small patterned window in the bathroom high above the end of the bathtub which you could open wide and let in some fresh air which was nice. Also she liked the fact that the cups in the bathroom were quality plastic cups which were single use (disposable) and sealed, so nobody had used them before. A coffee maker in the room with a range of different coffees and disposable Styrofoam cups was also a bonus.The distance to the room from the casino was easy and made a nice change - when we stayed at the Luxor previously it was about a 20 minute hike to the room from the casino which got really annoying after a few days. I’m glad to say The Orleans was completely the opposite. One reviewer on here mentioned that it was hard to find their room each time due to lack of directional signage. Again, we did not have this problem – there were more than enough directional signs and even a floor plan guide posted on the wall close to the elevators. Another thing, which a previous reviewer mentioned, was about getting dressed up for dinner. I must admit, I did experience what they said in that if you do dress up in your best stuff and look smart, then you will feel a little out of place sometimes in here. This is because most people at The Orleans wear casual stuff like shorts and t-shirt throughout their whole stay including on an evening.The pool was ok, but didn’t find it was anything to write home about. There were plenty of loungers and free towels available for guests to collect as you enter the pool area. 2 pools, one shallow kiddies pool and a larger main pool. The problem with this area is that the big hotel towers block the sun so there is only sun on the main pool itself for about an hour per day, no good for sun worshippers! This issue may have been increased because we were visiting in October when the sun is lower in the sky, I’m not sure. Another thing which was a little annoying was the plant area for the giant air conditioning chiller units which service the hotel was right next to the pool terrace, so you could hear a permanent constant noisy “hummmmmmmmm” throughout the whole area. Certainly not very relaxing when you want to chill out at the pool.Back inside the hotel’s hulking cavern of a casino, there were 5 separate bars (all very much the same) dotted around the casino floor, with the biggest one being in the middle next to the sports book with a small comfy seating area with tables to one side to enjoy a drink. The best thing about staying at The Orleans was that everything inside was very well priced. The bars all offered bottled beers for $1.50 and spirits with a mixer for $3.50. This is a world apart from buying drinks at some casino bars on the strip where you would easily pay at least $8 per drink. There was also a small cabaret lounge where there were live acts on nightly, mostly a band playing with a singer. An additional bar was located at Brendan’s Irish Pub which was over in one corner close to the buffet. Disappointingly it lacked theme and seemed just the same as every other bar in the casino. You could tell it was a kind of half hearted attempt at an Irish pub with a little wood panelling here and there but it was just a bit boring. Worse still, they killed it by having Karaoke on all the time which just drives people out! Never saw more than a few people in there. If you want to visit a real Irish pub, just next to the hotel across from the shuttle bus pick up point, is McMullen’s Irish Pub. We visited there and enjoyed some drinks in a lovely atmosphere and very authentic décor, just like in Ireland itself! The shuttle service to and from the strip was very convenient and was a great way to save money on paying inflated taxi fares. On the couple of occasions when we were unable to catch the last shuttle back from the strip at 12.30am, our taxi fare was around $14 inc a $2 tip. The shuttle was never full and ran every 15 minutes during the day and a little less often on an evening (probably about once every 20 mins). It was a quick service and the bus drivers sure know how to put their foot down and get you there quickly! The only small issue we had with this service was that it didn’t actually start until 9.30am. So some days when we wanted to be up and out early to the strip, we had to get a cab.Overall, yes The Orleans is predominantly a locals hotel and there are not a great deal of tourists here, but it’s a very, very affordable alternative to the sometimes extremely expensive strip hotels. It’s a great place to stay and I’m sure people would find it just as nice and if not better than a lot of the places on the strip. I mean, look at The Tropicana for instance – this place is the pits, it’s on it’s knees and is beyond refurbishment! The Orleans is ten times better, and way cheaper too! If you are looking for a hotel with loads of facilities, big clean rooms, a good theme, well priced food and drink, a huge casino with a wide choice of gaming, and a price which will not break the bank – then I’m sure you wont go far wrong with staying here. Enjoy!	
Oct 25 2008	Great as Usual	My son and I were at The Orleans Hotel from Oct. 8th -13th, 2008, and as always, we had a very enjoyable stay. I find it hard to believe that anyone would be dissatisfied with The Orleans. I have stayed at this hotel at least six times over the past several years, it's my favorite hotel in Vegas. The rooms are large, housekeeping is excellent, personnel are pleasant, restaurants are good, rooms are reasonable, video poker machines are generous, entertainment is great, and getting around the city is very easy with their free shuttle to the Strip. The only negative I can say is the area around Tropicana Avenue where this hotel is located seems to be going down, and I would not feel completely safe walking alone in the area. But, most of our time was spent inside the hotel or touring the Strip. Also, I went over to their sister hotel, The Gold Coast, and played bingo (transportation was provided free by the hotel shuttle). I find the reviewer's comments on an earlier post regarding bed bugs absolutely unbelievable compared to my experiences at The Orleans.	
Oct 25 2008	Very Good Value	Stayed for a week.. Over the past 30 years have stayed at a wide variety of Hotels on the strip. We stayed here on recommendation of a family member. Price was less than half of what we would have paid on the strip. Hotel room was on the 8th floor and had view of the pool. Room was quiet, clean and bathroom was always clean and well supplied. We had rented a car and trips back and forth to the strip and to see some shows was a breeze. (There is a shuttle back and forth to the strip)Good selection of restaurants with good food and at good prices.Yes, the hotel is a little older and off the strip but it is hard to beat for value. Check in/out was quick and we found all staff very friendly and accomodating. It does not meet the standards of the Wyn or the Bellagio but for the price paid for a comfortable room it is extremely good value.	
Oct 23 2008 	The Price can't be beat - great stay	Was in Vegas for a wedding and we wanted to stay on the west side of the strip - the hotel sent us a &quot;come stay&quot; for $130 1st night and $35 for the rest of the stay (we stayed 4 nights) and my friend in Vegas said it's not on the stripe so it's not GRAND but it's a great local hotel. So we decided to stay. A couple of days before the trip I checked out the hotel website for what to do etc and checked the cost for the same time we were there and it was now $47/67/25/25 - so a litlle cheaper that what we had so I called and said can I have that price and they were more than happy to give it to me!!! So our 4 night stay was 166 - not a bad price for what we got. We were on the 17th floor and the room was HUGE (1 king) and nice sit down area and a very large bath room. There was nothing wrong at all with the room - though one reviewer said that the walls were thin and I did notice the noiser groups coming down the hall but it wasn't enough to be upset about - hey your in Las Vegas. If I had one complaint it was the TV - not many channels and older TV but I suspect that will change with the age of digital which I believe is coming in to effect in the spring of 2009 in US. The casino was nice - not crowded which I find bothersome in some of the strip hotels. We had a rental car so didn't use the shuttle - but they do have one. The staff were very friendly and helpful - would stay here again in a heart beat.	
Oct 21 2008 	Great Stay	Definitely would stay there again if in Las Vegas and have already recommended to a friend. Had not stayed there before, always stayed on the Strip. Decided to give it a try having seen TripAdvisor reports. Very glad we did. After the initial getting to know the place – we were used to staying in slightly smaller places, the experience was very good. All the staff we had dealings with were exceptionally helpful and friendly without being over the top. The room was large and very comfortable, the air conditioning worked very well – not too noisy and the bed was very comfortable. The pool was lovely – nice surroundings and plenty of room to swim. When we were there it was not over crowded. We ate in the Prime Rib Loft and really enjoyed the meal. One of the best in the holiday and not expensive. Also ate in TGI Fridays and that was good as well. Did not try the other places there to eat. The Shuttle Bus to the strip worked well – the longest we waited was about 10 minutes either way and it drops you off diagonally opposite Bellagios, so very convenient. Self parking is a bit of a walk but once you know where you are going it is acceptable and there is a moving walk-way going to the parking lot. The worst thing was parking to check in as the spaces are very limited. As there were two of us it was OK as I checked in and my partner waited in the car for a space. There is a time limit I think 15 minutes to the spaces so one soon becomes available. The room was good value mid week but we had to be there on the weekend as well, when they had an event in the Arena so rooms were not as reasonable – but still compared well with other venues.	
Oct 20 2008 	Great Bargin	We decided to try the &quot;off strip'&quot; Orleans and we quite pleased with our stay. The shuttle drops off right across from the Bellagio and seemed fairly regular. The pool is large and there is a kiddy pool and large jaccuzi as well. Our room was LARGE and nicely appointed. We tried the lunch buffet and it was good. The casino isn't so large you get lost and there was a band playing both nights of our stay. We stayed midweek for $80 with the second night free.......great deal!!!	
Oct 20 2008 	Good stay good meeting fun hotel.	I have no idea where the negative reviews of this property are coming from.We held a week long meeting here, and all attendees that expressed an opinion were very happy with the venue. Rooms were very nice. As the meeting organizer, I got bumped to a suite, which was incredible. My coworkers had standard rooms, but also were pleased.Good variety of dining options. Food service for the meeting was outstanding, and we tried a wide variety of offerings for continental breakfasts, lunches, and one group dinner. The sales, banquets, and business center staff were all very helpful and accommodating. Front desk staff was not very accommodating, at all. We had a relatively small group compared to the number of rooms in the hotel - so, although sales and banquets treated us as an important customer, the front desk treated us more as an annoyance to their day because of the special meetings rate under which they had to book us.For organizing meetings, be sure that any special deals or concessions are in writing. Communication among the departments of the hotel is not great, and memories of phone conversations are very short. We did have a few problems that way. Overall, we were happy with our meeting here. Be sure attendees understand, though, that this hotel is not in the middle of the Strip. If they expect to be in the center of things, there may be some disappointments.Only real complaint is that, while the rates for everything were overall very good, there were phantom charges and extras that we did not have any reason to expect. Even with those extra charges, though, the place was still a relative bargain for Las Vegas. They could easily have increased rates, overall, and eliminated the extras - we would have been happier dealing with the staff, and the hotel would not have lost out on the revenue.Overall, we would go back for a meeting. We do intend to go back for a vacation. The casino is very nice, and the published internet rates are attractive, even if we cannot put together a package to include the Orleans.	
Oct 20 2008 	Mediocre on a good dat	My husband and I are locals and were going to see a show at the Orleans Arena, and found a rate of $65/night, so we decided to spend the night there. I am just speaking to the potential people who are thinking about staying here, but are expecting something that hilton or marriott offers. The carpet had stains. The room itself was large enough, the bathroom was average. They obviously didn't change the roll of toilet paper in the bathroom prior to our arrival. I definitely wouldn't stay there again. I was expecting more, after reading about the rooms at Suncoast. This hotel is not on par with Suncoast though. My main dislike for the place is trying to search for the entrance near the actual hotel check in. Good luck finding it. We parked in the parking garage of the casino after searching for a while. No signs. Like I said, comparing this place to a normal major brand hotel, it just doesn't compete.	
Oct 15 2008	Avoid Orleans at all Costs!	Bed bugs, rude management, and unhappy employees. Don't waste your money on this hotel - you have worked too hard for your money. Spend a little more and get what you paid for!	
Oct 8 2008	Comfortable Casino	We did everything at the Orleans. We ate, drank, gambled, bowled, saw a movie, and I got my hair cut. Everything was satisfactory and I got to hang out with people who are like me--casual. I am just not comfortable at the Wynn or Bellaggio--they're too fancy for me--give me the Orleans any day. The slots were pretty tight, but so were those at the other dozen or so casinos we checked out. That's when I start rolling dice--and did quite well. The rates were fair, the room was comfortable, and the staff was pleasant. I liked the Orleans.	
Oct 7 2008 	Comfortable Casino	The Orleans is comfortable and fun. We slept, ate, gambled, bowled, and saw a movie there. I also got my hair cut at their barbershop. The service was very good as was the value and level of entertainment. The slots were tight, but they were the same at almost all of the other dozen casinos we checked out. So I played craps and made up for my wife's losses. I felt a lot more comfortable at the Orleans than the glitzy places like Bellagio or Wynn. Orleans is my style and I shall return!	
Oct 5 2008	No MGM Grand	We have used this place for a convention for the past 4 years or so, The rooms are hard to find as no signs are anywhere if one walks down about 5-6 different sections. Check in is always slow. Check out is to be avoided so check out on your TV. This is basically a locals hangout, and; some are downright addicted to gambling. The staff has gone downhlll in the past two years. Their are still some helpful types though. Unless you get out of this place you feel capured. It is no where near the main strip. Yes they have a shuttle to their other BYD casinos. A cab to NYNY or the MGM Grand is about 15 bucks/20 with tip.The Orleans seafood is good, but; most restuarants here are chains like Fridays. If you are a burger, pizza , are a Fridays fan, or like a great prime rib this is your place.The Casino switched to a three tier players card system like Harrahs. Dump 2-3K or gamble about 5K in 4 days and you can cash in 13 bucks or play 25 bucks worth of credits. I hate the comps here.However, the price is right for those on a budget. The rooms are clean, have a coffee maker, plus an iron and a safe. The AC will freeze you out. You could dump this place and 5-10 like it inside the MGM Grand and the MGM Grand would still be less walking.The problem is no signs are posted to find the rooms/elevators from any of the cutoffs and back places. You have to recall where the main cashier and table games are to find the rooms.The restrooms are a long walk from most slots and table games. I have won here. A 12,700 plus jackpot in 06 and have lost some, too. I see why the locals come here. They know to come at 3-5 AM. Take note of that time down.	
Oct 3 2008 	Good Value	We stayed here twice on two consecutive Sundays at the beginning and end of a longer trip. Check-in was easy and fast, room was clean and large, bed was very comfortable and it was CHEAP. Room excellent, buffet better than average, location a bit poor - no other casinos within walking distance.	
Sep 30 2008 	don't gamble	great place to stay and eat, clean large rooms, good food for reasonable prices, but &quot;WARNING&quot;....do not,,,repeat.,,,do notgamble on the slots or video poker......these machines are set sooooo tight, they make the airport machines seem loose, i recommend you stay and eat there, but do yourself a favor take the shuttle or go elsewhere to play machines, we found the downtown machines good.......good luck....	
Sep 30 2008 	Loved The Orleans...thanks! Coming Back!	Visited The Orleans as the host hotel for an Awards Show &quot;Hoodie Awards&quot;. Annual Awards Show. Not only did we enjoy the casino and hotel. We attened the Awards show at the Orleans Arena...very nice facility.What a great place!The rooms are spacious with a safe (not bolted down, but it never disappeared). Sliding door to get in the bathroom, huge tub with a window to open for ventilation if needed. A nice sitting area. Lots of drawer space (at least for our 4 day visit).Happy Hour at Don Miguel's (12 noon-5 PM)...99 cent Margaritas and 50% off appetizers...enjoy.. I DID!Courtyard Cafe...great food for anytime. I thoroughly enjoyed pancakes almost every day!There is a Fridays, a pub and about 3-4 other restaurants/eateries in the casino. Terrible Liquors inside the hotel...great prices and opened until midnight.Get a Coast card and enjoy some dollars and percentages off on things around the casino. There are plenty of slots, tables, Keno, and other places to gamble throughout the casino. Don't forget to check out the Movie Theater, Video Arcade and Bowling Lanes (Check out weekday night prices when U get there...GREAT DEAL!)The free shuttle is nice and FREE. Takes you to almost mid Strip. On the corner of Paris, Bellagio and Caesars). I enjoyed The Orleans so much, I wanted to go back after being on the strip for about an hour.There is a Walgreens about 1/4 -1/2 mile from the Orleans (walking away from the Strip). Great place to get souvenirs. The gift shop is nice in the Orleans as well. Great postcard prices and prices on jewelry and snacks as well.Enjoy the Orleans... I DID!	
Sep 20 2008 	Not too good	For the money the Orleans is good value and you would pay a lot more in the UK to stay in lesser hotels. There are downsides to this place though. Vegas is a glitzy and Glamorous town, get dressed up to go to the Orleans eateries or casino and you will feel very out of place. The market buffet is very down market, miserable waiters, drab decor, bad odour, greedy americans piling their plates high with all sorts. The cleanliness of the rooms has declined over recent times, having your wardrobe open plan in the bathroom is not nice either. The carpets in the casino are now filthy and give the casino a very bad odour. I visited the Hilton during my stay and noticed how nice the brass and glass was kept on the entrance doors, the Orleans entrance doors are very dirty and unkempt. If you are on a tight budget go for it but otherwise note that this hotel is very much on the decline	
Sep 17 2008 	Absolutely Excellent for the Reasonable Price	Eight blocks off the strip but plenty of glitz. Spacious and very clean room had all the features, from hair dryer to phone in bathroom - all at 1/7 the price of the fancier strip hotel where my conference was held. Adequate pools but not fancy nor extended hours. Friendly and helpful staff at security stations by hotel elevators. Only hotel ever stayed at with brass bathroom fixtures! (Probably a mistake as they do show a bit how much care brass fixtures really require, but not at all grungy.) Parked in front rather than in suggested ramp and found several free drink coupons on car. Sign up for free Coast Club card even if not a gambler for discounts at onsite restaurants etc - and it includes a few free spins of the slots. Buffet food okay if very carefully selected, but suggest their other (popularly priced) restaurants instead - or wonderful neighborhood tavern directly across street: McMullans, with real Irish food and music and sometimes even stepdancing. Cons: limited number of TV channels; $5 daily 'resort' fee added on to posted or negotiated rates (includes free local and 800 calls). A neighbor complained of an odor similar to hair salon strongest near elevators (13th floor) and very faint in some rooms, but did not bother us and do not know of its permanence.	
Sep 14 2008 	Good !	Good Hotel with friendly and helpful staff. Large rooms, with separate couch area in the rooms. Had one looking to the las vegas strip. Great view !!!	
Sep 11 2008 	Very satisfied	This hotel in our opinion was great. The rooms were nice, good sized, and bathrooms were large for hotel standards. Everyone from the dealers, to waiters, to desk clerks were very friendly. The only negative I could say is that the two restaurants we tried were not the best, but o.k. Loved the 99 cent margarita's at the mexican restaraunt. I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting something off the strip but with easy transportation to and from.	
Sep 9 2008	The Orleans--great time!	I had wanted to stay at the Orleans for years and finally did Sept. 3-6, 2008. My husband and I had a really great time and got terrific rates. Food was fine at both the buffet and Courtyard Cafe. My husband got the prime rib for $11.95 at the Courtyard Cafe on 2 nights and loved it (really big portion and was sure that it was probably just as good as in the Prime Rib Loft restaurant). We enjoyed the pool, spa, and fitness center. Casino was not too small but not so big to get lost in it and I won quite a bit of money! We went to a show in the showroom and sat in the last row of seats but showroom is small enough that it didn't matter. We had planned to take the free shuttle over to the Gold Coast and from there go to the Rio and the Palms but ended up never leaving the Orleans!	
Sep 8 2008	always a great experience	I stay at this hotel twice a year every year for a trade show. It's close to the Strip. The rooms are big. All the staff very nice and helpful. Great restaurants. Everything the Strip hotels offer but more reasonable and more down to earth. Such a deal.	
Sep 8 2008 	Great Value	I was traveling for business, overnight. The Orleans was Great! Early check-in was not a problem, the rooms are big, with a nice desk/working area and an updated bathroom. I was very pleased with the quality of the room!! The hotel is large and has several options for food, bar and entertainment! It's close to the airport and easy to reach without even getting on the freeway! I would stay here again, just down the street from NY,NY and other big resorts.The price is unbeatable, you won't be disappointed.	
Sep 7 2008 	What a Surprise!	We Arrived late Saturday evening so we wanted an inexpensive hotel due to the late late check in. Every hotel on the Strip was pricey that night. We found a good deal at the Orleans. I went in not expecting much. I was very surprised. It is off the strip but no big deal. As i checked in I had mentioned to the front desk it was our first time in Vegas, and they gave us a SUITE for the price of our delux room. We could not believe the size of our room it was amazing. The hotel was wonderful I would stay again.	
Sep 4 2008 	Great as usual	The Orleans is as it always is, comfortable, predictable, and economical. ( I even tried the 20 dollar trick this time and they handed it back!).  We ended up in newer room on the 20th floor and it was better than normal. Clean and a great view. The slots and video poker seem tighter but thats probably a relection of the economy.	
Sep 4 2008 	Very possibly my new favorite casino!!	This was my 1st time staying at the Orleans, it will not be my last! Rooms are large , beds very comfortable- very nice, pool area is very nice, beer was only $2.50 poolside!, restaurants all had great food and very reasonable prices,	
Sep 3 2008	Still a great value!	Stayed at the Orleans from 25-29 August -- this was my 6th stay at this hotel in 3 years and all I can say is that it's STILL a great value! Paid only $31/night for a room in the new tower (9th floor) with two queen beds -- and for some reason I was not charged the $5 resort fee, but who's complaining??? Also, had to request a refrigerator for my niece's medicine and there was no charge for that either. Staff was pleasant enough but I was disappointed to learn that they've done away with the coupon books! Pillows are still pretty wimpy, but I requested two extra and they helped out &quot;somewhat&quot;. Pool was wonderful, as usual, and my husband and I still agree that the Orleans pool is one of the best in Vegas -- no frills but clean and always with a chair available! Slots were tight, but there seemed to be a good crowd in the casino anyhow. Oh, didn't take the shuttle, but it looks like they finally put up a rope to help que the line .... that should make some folks happy. Highly recommend the Irish Pub next door -- the Tuesday night Trivia (8pm) is a family favorite. Will be back to the Orleans again at Thanksgiving --- hard to stay away!	
Sep 2 2008 	No need for the strip Will stay here from now on	August 25th through the 29th, Booked air through Southwest Airlines and rooms through Expedia $40.00 per room Monday through Friday, after many hours of trip advisor research we settled on the Orleans. We travel to vegas at least once a year and have made a pact that we would stay at a diffrent reasonable place each year. Starting ten years ago we started at the now gone West Word Ho, Circus Circus, The Frontier, Star Dust, Imperial Palace, Tropicana, MGM, Riviera, and last year the Mirage. But I must say none of the other places we've stayed have anything on the Orleans. From the time we arrived everthing was great. Check-in was a breeze bell hops maids, everyone was very friendly and helpful. The rooms are bigger and roomier than any we've stayed at on the strip,clean and well maintained. House keeping was prompt with requests. The casino floor is huge this our reason for visiting Vegas is to Gamble, Eat and Drink, nothing else. So we were happy with the casino floor plenty of slots as well as tables with limits to accomadate us low rollers. Reastaurants were all good and plentiful ate at the buffets a couple of times as well as the 24 hour court yard cafe, wonderful breakfast as well as great late night gamblers specials. Also ate at the Rib Loft best piece of Prime Rib I've ever had my wife and sister in-law had the T-bone just as good, great service. Overall we had a great stay, never made it out to the pool but it looked very nice and roomy. The coffee and the girls at the Seattles Best coffee were just super by the second day they knew me by my first name and what I needed, great staff. Overall my wife and I have considered going back and just staying at the Orlean the entire time. Walking the strip is getting harder and harder, strip casinos don't seem to need your money and cater less and less to folks like us. Saw more slot winners at the orleans in one day than two days wondering the strip. Although I must say that we did go down town as we do every year and had a great time for the day, Did great at Binons and also had the best lobster tails at Robertas in the Cortez.. All in all The Orleans is now our favorite place and we will be returning every chance we get. I hope this helps in picking a Hotel/Casino to stay at	
Sep 1 2008 	Good Place	We stayed at the Orleans because we played in a slot tournament. We stayed from Aug 24th to the 29th. we received 3 free nights and paid $30 for the extra night. We had a great stay. We also played in a couple other tournaments their in the last couple years. We go to Vegas 3 to 4 times a year. Each time we have stayed at the Orleans it has been a pleasant experience. This time the room was very clean and had no problems. The rooms are good size but not fancy and old but clean. the people we came contact with we very friendly with the exception of couple at one of the bars. Check-in was easy and we got to the hotel around 5:00 in the afternoon. Check-out was also no problem. We ate this at the buffet once and it was reasonable and was one dollar off with your care the food was fine. Cost 7.75 with the card i think. We mainly ate at the Courtyard Cafe. I think it is the best place at the Orleans. Good T-bone special plenty of food. In fact it was plenty of food for 2 people. Good beverage service when you are playing especially in certain sections. Very friendly. As far as the gambling goes we broke close to even playing slots. Played some craps and blackjack and did okay from time to time. Played on the 5 dollar tables. The shuttle service to the strip has always been good and on time and has not been a problem. The pool area is okay not elegant. it was not overly populated. It does have alot of sun in the morning. That was okay with with me. If you have never been to Vegas before I would reccomend the strip, but if you have been to the strip as many time as we have a casino is a casino. The only difference is the elegance. We have always held our own with the gambling at the Orleans and that is why we stayed there. Plus we have been able to get some good deals. Give it a try if you have not stayed there before.	
Aug 30 2008 	Fun place to stay!	My husband and I like to stay at The Orleans because it's not surrounded by other hotels.We arrived at a very popular check-in time, but the line moved fairly quick and the employees were friendly and courteous.There are plenty of places to eat in the hotel, so you don't have to travel elsewhere, if you don't want to. If you aren't in the mood for gambling, you can go bowling or watch a movie. The rooms are pretty basic, and my biggest complaint would be the flat pillows. But the room rate was very good, so we were still very happy with our stay.	
Aug 30 2008 	I enjoy this place regardless of my rating.	The good: The Orleans pretty much has what I want in an off-strip site. I like their buffet, steakhouse, bowling, slots, video poker, and beds.The lesser: Not a good place to be a night-person. It's just way too quiet and dull for my tastes. Either I bowl or I wish to be asleep in my room.	
Aug 23 2008 	Great value for the price	I stayed at the Orleans for four days this week while attending a convention that was located in the hotel. I stayed there only so I would not have to travel each day to the convention but it turned out that my stay was wonderful and I will stay there again. This was only my second trip to Vegas and my first hotel stay (in downtown Vegas), while it wasn't a complete nightmare, left much to be desired. The Orleans hotel was clean, my room was very neat and clean and comfortable. The breakfast buffet at the French Quarter was GREAT. Our lunches and dinners were held in the banquet room and the food was great and the staff was very attentive. All of the hotel staff was friendly and very accomodating. There is also free computer and internet access available for hotel guests for 10 minutes each day. The only complaint that I have is that during some of our classes there was smoking outside of the rooms because there were some games located there. I am not a smoker and hate to smell smoke...I could tolerate the smell while walking through the casino to get to the conference center and figure it is to be expected but it really was noticable while in the classrooms. Overall I enjoyed my stay and would recommend it to anyone.	
Aug 21 2008 	One of our regular places	I get brochures from The Orleans because I have stayed there previously and often get buy one night, get one free coupons in the mail. It is a little dated, off the strip, strange bathroom door, but I win at this place so I don't mind the little things. The pool is huge, the off-strip location makes it easier to park if you rent a car during your trip. There is a shuttle going to the strip and Gold Coast Casino (near Rio). Wasn't crazy about their buffet. Go to Sam's Town for that.	
Aug 19 2008	Excellent off-strip hotel	This is my new favorite reasonably-priced hotel in Vegas. Of course it isn't as nice as Bellagio, but my room was very nice and less than $50 per night. The room was very large and even had a sofa, chair and coffee table. The mattress was very comfortable, but it had one of those moisture-resistant mattress pads. I had to remove it because it made me sweat. There's a coffee maker in the room, an in-room safe and an ironing board. The bathroom was large and nice as well, and there was even a phone next to the toilet. They do charge a $5 per day per room &quot;resort fee&quot; which is silly (why don't they just charge $5 more on the room rate?). The fee includes phone calls, 10 minutes daily of internet use in the business ceneter, and use of the fitness center. The fitness center looks brand new and has new Nautilus equipment, plus many types of cardio equipment. There's also showers, steam room, etc. Maybe I was just lucky, but my room was very quiet, and I barely heard any noise from other guests. There's a big parking garage in the back which is a bit far from the rooms, but valet parking is free if you don't mind somebody else driving your car. It's about a mile or so from the strip, but they have a free shuttle. If you've never been to Vegas before, you'll probably want to be on the strip for all the action, but veterans would be very happy here.	
Aug 16 2008 	We were pleased :_)	My daughter and I just returned early this morning from our very first trip to Vegas, and I chose to stay here because it was away from the noisy strip. I did extensive research on what hotel we would stay at once we actually went, and the Orleans was it. We checked in with very little wait, and was assigned our room. Entering the room we were pleased at the size and there was no cigarette smell at all:_) the room(standard) was clean and just a tad bit dated. However it was functional with a pretty nice size bathroom that was really roomy. Although we are NOT gamblers in any way, we still enjoyed some of the other things Vegas had to offer. We took the hoover dam mini tour and we were blow away. We also did the madam tasaud's exhibit at the Venetian.....what a waste of $ just my personal opinion. Being that we are from N.Y. and there is a 3 hour time change we didn;t get to do all that was on our &quot;to do list&quot; We did see a magic show, the siren show at T.I. and other small attractions on the strip. And we visited just about every hotel on the strip and ooh and Aaah at the shops. (LOL) In conclusion, my thoughts of visiting Vegas for the first time is to be totally prepared to bring your most comfortable footwear. Be prepared to be chase down by pushy time share folks all over the strip who promise to get you into a show for free. (don't fall for it) and taking a cab will cost you a grip with cabbies who claim &quot;mam....I know a shorter way to get there&quot; a bunch of bull!!!! it cost me $30.00 to go to circus circus to visit. Will we be back???? that's a very big maybe. I realize by taking the monorail will save you the agony of painful blisters on your feet when walking to the strip in 108 degree weather:_( all in all we enjoyed our selves. I just wished i could stay up past 9:00 Remember....this hotel is very clean, and so affordable with a reliable shuttle service that will take guest to and from the strip every half hour. Give it a try!	
Aug 14 2008 	Our favorite affordable Las Vegas Hotel	Something I want to share with fellow travelers; I was in Vegas a few days ago when I discovered a $100 dollar bill missing from my purse. The only thing that I could remember doing prior was leaving a $2.00 tip for the maid. I thought I may have accidently left the $100 dollar bill with the tip. I knew that if I did leave it as the tip it was too late to retrieve it; the room would have been cleaned hours before I made the discovery. Well, low a behold, my husband returned to the room and the maid had not taken the tip – The $101.00 tip. It was still on the desk where I had left it. I was staying at the Orleans, our favorite hotel. It’s off the strip so many of you may not have ever heard of it. It’s a good feeling to know that there are still a lot of honest people in the world.	
Aug 12 2008 	Great Stay as usual	We just returned from a 9 night stay at The Orleans. We have stayed there many many times and have always been very happy there. We were there on an offer from them for $29 per night for Sun - Thurs and $90 for Fri &amp; Sat. At check-in we asked to upsell to a one-bedroom suite for our stay. The additional charge to do this was $25 per night for the week nights and $50 per night for Fri &amp; Sat. The suites were recently redone and are beautiful. New carpeting, new furniture, 2 huge wall hung plasma tvs. One in the living room and one in the bedroom. There were 2 additional tvs as well. One over the bar area and one on the bathroom vanity. The very large bar area has 4 bar stools and a refrigerator that housekeeping stocks daily with bottled water. We have been very satisfied with all the restaurants at the Orleans. Our favorite is the Prime Rib Loft. EXCELLENT meat and great attentive service. We did notice an occasional sulfur smell in our hallway on the 21st floor but the odor never came into our suite so we weren't really bothered by it. The Orleans is such a great value in Vegas that we can't imagine staying anywhere else. We're looking forward to our next stay in 2009.	
Jul 31 2008	Hidden Gem	This is our third trip to Las Vegas. We stayed previously at NYNY and at the HGVC at the Flamingo and this by far was our best trip. You really don't have to leave the hotel for any entertainment since it's pretty much a resort in itself. We used the lovely pool area every day. It was quite relaxing and some areas were shaded until around noon. More umbrellas should be available but otherwise very well maintained and clean. We heard the casino was smokey, but really not more than any of the others on the strip. Harrahs is the worst for smoke. We only visited the strip twice the whole week since we were doing pretty well on our own casino slots. Don Miguel's is a great place to go for happy hour which is 12 til 5 every day with half price appetizers and $.99 margaritas. The breakfast and dinner buffets are excellent and very inexpensive. Our room was a non-smoking room, large and very clean. Having a liquor store on the premises was a pleasant surprise and very reasonable. We used free shuttle to the strip which seemed to arive about every 15 minutes which is extremely convenient. The driver was very friendly as were all the employees of the Orleans. I'm already looking at staying there again in the near future. Thanks to everyone for a great vacation.	
Jul 30 2008 	Horrible beds won't stay again	I am stunned at the positive reviews on this hotel. Our experience was not so good and it wasn't because of any specific thing that happened just a general overall unfavorable experience.Check in took a long time and when we arrived at our room it was open and still being cleaned. We were in a non-smoking room but could smell cigarette smoke coming in when we turned the AC off. The beds were horrible-uncomfortable, low quality sheets with a plastic liner underneath which crinkled every time we rolled over. The mattress sagged and the pillows were hard foam (3 on a king sized bed). Neither my husband, nor I, nor my mother (in another room) slept well.Soundproofing in the rooms is non-existent. I found the room decor tacky. The rooms do not have refrigerators or mini-bars.There was a long wait for the elevators every time. Out of the 6 elevators for each side it seemed like only two were working at any given time. We were on the 15th floor and every time we tried to go down to the lobby, the elevators were packed, we stopped at every floor and there were more people waiting to get on. It became a running joke among guests on the elevator ('how many floors will we stop at this time?&quot;).We decided to stay there because everyone else for a family event was staying there. The only positive thing I can say is that the room size was decent. We paid $125 per night. Next time I will spend a little more for something much better.	
Jul 25 2008 	Another Good Stay at The Orleans	Great check-in. We were first in line. Had our room requests filled without a problem. Rooms are still nice and very clean. Had no problem parking in their garage on the first floor even on busy dates like July 4 and 5.The carpet in the hall outside the room did show a few stains. Have not seen that before. On July 4 and 5, although the hotel was nearly but not completely sold out, the elevators were quite crowded and sometimes you needed to wait for one. One time I had to wait for the 5th elevator. Ice machine was also out one day. No more coupon book at check-in. I asked and they have discontinued them.Buffet was great. Lines moved fast even on July 4 and 5. If you sign up (first time) for the players club (Club Coast), they will give you a coupon for a FREE breakfast or lunch buffet. You can instantly use it.Stayed 7/1-7/5. Paid $23.40 per night the first 3 nights and $61 on Friday, July 4 plus got a $50 gas card from Expedia. Would stay again. One week prior I stayed at the South Point Hotel which is newer and nicer rooms but a little further from the main strip vs. The Orleans.	
Jul 24 2008 	Unbelievably Good	Absolutely loved it here! Excellent hotel. Our original booking was for 9 nights (with five nights elsewhere) but we cancelled our other booking and stayed here for 14 nights instead as we liked it so much. Let me start off by saying that we paid $34 Mon-Thurs &amp; $80 Fri-Sun. For this price it is definitely an absolute gem – I still can’t get over the value for money. We will definitely be staying here again – it’s just fantastic. Included in the price was free use of the spa (steam room and jacuzzi) and gym (large and well equipped) free local calls from your room and free use of the internet at their business centre – amazing! There is mention of a $5 resort fee, but I think this is only charged if you book via a third party (ie expedia etc). We certainly were not charged it. The RoomOurs was a non-smoking King room. It was large and clean with an extremely comfortable bed and adequate pillows. The air con is noisy but effective (you soon get used to the noise) and I have to say, it is the quietest room I have stayed in in Las Vegas! We had an amazing panoramic view of the strip and were very close to the lift (which isn’t a bad thing as the hallways are LONG!!). Bathroom – large enough (small bath – I am a bath person &amp; I didn’t use it as it was very shallow) the shower was great though. NegativesIntermittent strange eggy smell coming from the sink – not very pleasant when you get a whiff of it – I think the cleaners try and cover the smell up by using grapefruit scented bleach – it masks the smell for a period of time then it comes back – wasn’t a huge problem and wasn’t evident all the time. There is no wardrobe in the room, only a rail beside the sink in the bathroom. Not a huge problem at all – just a strange layout really &amp; an odd choice given the amount of free space in the room – it could easily accommodate a standalone wardrobe. Tip, if you are staying a while bring some hangers – there were only about ten. The ShuttleDo not let the location of this hotel put you off staying here. It is a 7 minute shuttle ride to Bills Gaming Hall on the strip and the shuttles run every 15 mins or so and also stop at The Gold Coast (The Orleans’ sister hotel). It is SO convenient and it’s a pleasure to leave behind the chaos and crowds on the strip and come back to a wonderful hotel. This saved us an absolute fortune as we didn’t pay for taxis at all.The French Market BuffetAte here for breakfast, brunch (on Sunday) and lunch (didn’t try dinner). Oh My Gosh! I think it was something like $7 each for breakfast and $9 for lunch. On top of this you get $1 off per person for being a Club Coast Member! Me &amp; my partner had breakfast here daily and it was something like $13 plus tip. There was plenty to be had. We tended to go for cereal, fruit and yoghurt then a made to order omelette with bacon then a lovely dessert. There was loads of other stuff too. Unbelievable value for money and loads of choice – it kept us full till tea time!. I’m still missing this like crazy!!!! Lunch was a joy – carved hams, ribs, half a chicken, salads galore. They had four stations, Mexican, USA, Seafood and Chinese I think with various other items scattered about. The deserts were amazing and they had Mr Whippy style icecream – mmmmm. Put it this way, we stayed there 14 nights and didn’t get bored of the selection. We also tried TGI’s –which was perfectly fine – great burgers. I wasn’t impressed with Don Miguels Mexican restaurant (and Mexican food is one of my favourites) or the Courtside Café either – substandard food I thought. Didn’t get round to trying Terrible Mikes. Having a Subway on site was so convenient for late night snacks, quick bites etc. They also have a Seattles Best Coffee Shop and a Kates Corner for ice cream – both were wonderful and so CHEAP!!!!All the staff were so friendly and welcoming. After our first week the lady at Seattles Best knew my order by heart and the buffet staff kept seating us at our “usual booth”. Fantastic. CinemaThey have an 18 screen cinema on site – fantastic. We went there twice – saw Hancock (which was excellent) and Get Smart (which was pretty dire, but watch-able). It’s as good (if not better) than any cinema complex I have been to in the UK and the popcorn machine there was lovely. Bowling AlleyThey have a 70 lane (I think) bowling alley which we visited only once during our stay as they were holding a bowling competition for a lot of the time we were there. When we did visit my one complaint was that there is a very limited choice of bowling balls and a lot of them are chipped etc which makes it even more difficult to get a strike! Still it was fun and great to have it on site and, again, outstanding value for money. Poker RoomHas to be one of the best poker rooms I’ve seen. Extremely comfortable chairs all non-smoking. Excellent daily tournaments, very professional. They held their Orleans Open championship whilst we were there. This is held in their Mardi Gras Ballroom upstairs – it is HUGE. The tournaments were exceptionally well run and both me and my partner had good results here. I made a final table (finished 10th) and my partner won one of their regular tournaments winning $2,900 – not bad for a $200 entry fee. Overall a fantastic place to play poker. Some regular and good players and some regular not so good players!!! CasinoLarge, not overly smoky or that busy (save for July 4th weekend!) good atmosphere. Excellent craps tables (my only weakness where gambling is concerned, apart from poker) if you tip the cocktail waitress well for your first round they will keep coming back, so do it!!! The Pool I was very impressed with the pool area. Last year we stayed at The Rio which is renowned for its beautiful pool area. The Orleans comes very close to the Rio on a smaller scale. It’s a lot more peaceful too – great atmosphere and plenty of shaded areas. Loved it here – didn’t spend enough time out there!! Spa /Business Centre The spa was free to use and had steam room and Jacuzzi. Very quiet. Very nice changing room with free water and toiletries. It was a bit worn round the edges but pleasant nevertheless. The business centre consisted of four laptops I think with printing, copying and faxing facilities. Laptops were free to use and very convenient. We booked our Grand Canyon trip here and checked our emails. Very good perk of staying here and remember – it’s all free! BoozeThey have their own off-license – opposite TGI’s and the prices are amazing – much cheaper than duty free – tip for you – they sell “bubble wrap wine skins” at $2 each – these should protect any bottles you pack in your cases.What else can I say about the place – all being well we will be back next year. To put this review in context, we have been to Vegas three times before and we have stayed at The Rio once and the Wynn twice. When my other half first walked into the Orleans he wanted to walk straight out again, but after two days he was as taken with the place as I am and just like me, cannot wait to get back there next year. As a treat we actually spent one night at the Wynn (whilst keeping our room at The Orleans) and although it’s not fair to compare the two properties (they are in different leagues) we were happy to get back to The Orleans. Hope you enjoy your stay there. Get it booked while you can!!!	
Jul 13 2008 	A decent hotel/casino	I went to Las Vegas (for the first time) for a business trip, and had this hotel strongly recommended since the shuttle for the business I was visiting stopped here.Rates were very good, and the room was quite well furnished for the price. Bathrooms and linens were clean and the room was well lit. I didn't have a great view out my window, but the windows were nice and clean and I can't complain about that. Air conditioning worked well.The restaurants on-site were good. Service was friendly but slow at the on-site steakhouse, but dinner there was very good and made up for the wait.The hotel's credit card machines were down during my stay, so they were having some trouble processing charges and check-in was a bit slow. Check-out went much faster. I used the hotel's bell service to hold my bags for the last day of the trip and they did a fine and friendly job of it.This may not be the fanciest or the snazziest hotel in Vegas, but it is perfectly fine for the price and I would happily go back.	
Jul 11 2008 	A nice alternative to the Strip	On our recent trip to Vegas to visit family, we stayed at the Orleans for 4 days, then drove to Zion National Park for a few days, and returned to the Orleans since we were flying out of Vegas the next morning. This hotel was half way between our family's home and the Strip, so it was a decent location. The prices were less than on the Strip, especially during the weeknights. We never did use the shuttle to the Strip.The rooms are large, as were the pool and hot tub. The landscaping was nicely done for a &quot;value&quot; hotel. The only thing we didn't like about the room was the bathroom. There is no door between the tub/toilet and sink, so although the bathroom was very large and included closet space and room for luggage, it was not very private. One evening, a siren went off at about 2am. I believe it was on another floor but it was very loud and we heard it in our room. A recorded message kept broadcasting that the cause of the alarm was unknown. This went on for over an hour. My husband finally went down to the lobby to ask security about this. An unfriendly guard informed him that nothing was wrong and told everybody to go back to their rooms. Not very comforting! On the way back to the room, he ran into another guard who did tell him that the problem was a water pipe burst on another floor. I don't know why the alarm kept continuing, or why the guard at the lobby could not provide more information, but this put a damper on our stay.There are several restaurants here. We tried the Prime Rib Loft, which I found to be very good and reasonably priced. There is also a video game room, movie theatre and bowling alley on the premises, making this an ideal place for families.	
Jul 8 2008 	Good choice	We had 3 rooms total for our little family reunion. The only complaint was a minor smell from the bathroom sink in one room. (they have an odd drain plug arrangemnet - dunno if that affects anything). Check in and check out was very smooth. Shuttle bus was quite convenient. Everyone that worked there was helpful with any question we had. I also liked having a choice for valet vs self-park. I would definitely return and recommend to others.Carl	
Jul 6 2008 	Great Hotel 4 1/2	Great hotel. Beds were decent, pillows are just as atrocious as everybody warns so if you can bring your own or ask for more. I asked for more at about 5pm on the first night and they arrived about 20min later.Shower was huge and bath tub was huge. I had a bath since it was bigger than my tub at home.The housekeeping was wonderful and replenished the toiletries every day. Rooms were huge and the couch was very comfortable too. Had a decent view of the Rio and Palms and the window in the hall had a full view of the Strip.Cafe food very good, had breakfast there nearly every day. Terrible Mikes had really good greasy burger and awesome fries. The buffet was ok and for free it was elevated to good.I wouldn't pass this hotel up. Traveling with a group of six and had three rooms. They accidentally issued one of us a king room and they were able to switch it out just fine and keep our party all on the same floor.Pool...eh, only goes to three feet but since I'm not the biggest pool person it was tolerable. Lots of kids, but the pool was big enough it didn't seem crowded.Also fyi very, very good lemon drops. I had one the first night and I couldn't order any other drink as I was gambling. Came out about $40 ahead and did the best on the poker machines near the stage.What else to say? The liqour store prices couldn't be beat. I bought a bottle of Smirnoff that would have cost me 5.00 more here in Utah and the wine selection was very nice.The pillows were my only complaint. (Parking was a little far off from the rooms but compared to other hotels it wasn't that bad) I would go back if I weren't still testing out the other hotels...it was only my second trip to Vegas!	
Jul 2 2008 	Outstanding Value for Money !	I suppose its about expectations. Some people want 5 star hotel treatment but are only willing to pay 2 star rates. I expect good value, for the money I pay to stop at a hotel. Orleans delivers this in bucketloads. To put things in to context, I am mid forties, Vegas regular, who is fortunate to work for an airline and has stayed in far too many hotels in my life. (some on my company's budget and a few at my own expense.)I prefer to stay at lower cost hotels on my vacations, for two reasons, 1) I am paying. and 2) I prefer comfortable surrounding which have a fun atmspehere over the decadent prententious atmospshere of a 5 star hotel.Orleans rooms are large for standard Vegas rooms, they have their quirks, a sliding door for the bathroom which I was not to keen on, as it was noisy and I woke my partner every time I used it. The small window above the bath is strange but it give us a good view of the strip when showering. The decor and furnishings of the hotel may be slightly dated ,but it gives it a lived in feeling, which is homely and welcoming. The hotel is a clean hotelThe hotel offers several eating options all giving good value for your bucks. The French Market Buffet, breakfast and lunch options are exceptionally good value.The outdoor pool area might not have the high octane vibe of some of the other Vegas pools, but that for me was a good point. The actual pool itself, and accompanying children's pool / jacuzzi are more than adequate and the general atmosphere of the pool area is relaxed and friendly. The fitness room and spa facilities are excellent, OK, you have to pay a $5 resort fee per day per room, but the fee is well worth it considering the facilities provided. I have stayed in 5 star hotels with worse health/ fitness facilities.The Orleans staff are probably it's best selling point, everyone who I interacted with were polite, courteous and friendly. The clientelle of the hotel have been denograded in an earlier review, ( east LA Crowd) whatever that means ? I found everyone staying at the hotel perfectly acceptable people, who's only aim was to enjoy themselves. I actullay met a few east LA people ( they had been announced as coming from east LA when singing on the Karaoke). I dont know a thing about east LA or what that term is supposed to infer, but they were absolutely fine people, and I enjoyed their companyAs you are probably aware the hotel is off strip, but the shuttle is frequent and reliable (every 20mins aprox). Last shuttle returning to the hotel 12:30amThe hotel like a lot of Vegas hotels gets a lot busier at weekends, you will decide if this is a positive or negative depending on your views.Overall Orleans is a very good choice for people seeking a lower cost hotel in Vegas who are looking for a more laid back relaxed enviroment with a sizeable room, and plenty of on-site amenities and recreational choices. Things you should know :Don't try to walk to the strip , not a pedestrian friendly walk.Taxi from airport $25 that includes tipTaxi from strip $15 includes tipShuttle to airport $6.50	
Jun 30 2008 	Heaven for Horse-Players	If you love playing the horses in Vegas (and don't mind being away from the strip), you've found HEAVEN!!A nice-sized RACE BOOK with romantically-old (non-electronic) boards that brings back memories of 1980's race books .. .. But, each seat has a new monitor .. ..BEST OF ALL &gt;&gt; Every single channel covering the races can be seen DIRECTLY IN YOUR ROOM!!HOW SWEET IS THAT??!!No other Hotel in 'Vegas will dedicate around 10 of their T V channels to what is being shown downstairs in the Race Book .. .. So for those you want some peace during their races, or just want to do something in yoru room and not miss their race, here is the place to stay .. ..And, their TURF CLUB card seems pretty easy to rack up points the more you play .. .. ORLEANS is dedicated to locals so the machines are 'looser' and the food is cheaper .. .. BUFFETS are okay but the FACILITY is just fine for a stay .. ..70 LANES OF BOWLING upstairs!16 BIG MOVIE SCREENS upstairs! Saw Wall-E on opening night !And, if you're missing the strip, they have a SHUTTLE to the Old Barbary Coast from 9:30A-Midnight .. .. Perfect for a ride home after a show .. ..	
Jun 30 2008 	Never Again	We ended up only staying one night. The hotel smelled like smoke really really bad. Just checking in was a nightmare with all the smoke, now I understand Vegas is smoky...but this was the worst casino floor by far. Poor ventilation. Also the shower/tub are on the outside by the balcony so you feel like you are hanging off the side of the building when you shower. A window in the shower opens and our ledge below that had nasty lighters and cig butts thrown out there. Went to breakfast and the lady at the buffet rudely informed us we had better hurry we had 8 minutes to eat breakfast and that was it PERIOD. Hated it will NEVER go back to this hotel. VERY FAR OFF THE STRIP. Good view of strip clubs if that is what you like to look at.	
Jun 28 2008 	Great as usual!	This was our second stay at the Orleans, and I think we enjoyed it much more than the first time. My wife and I arrived at the hotel at about 0830 in the morning, and had no problem checking in. As a matter of fact we received an excellent room on the 20th floor with a great view. (Did I mention we only paid $30 dollars a night?).Maid service was great, the Courtyard Cafe was delicious for breakfast every day, there were always chairs at the pool to relax in the sun, and all of the staff we encountered were very helpful.The band in the lounge, Mocca, played every night, and was a great time. We even got to meet a former member of The Temptations who was there watching also...We had a car rental this year which I highly recommend since this hotel is off the strip, but from what I remember the shuttle last year was very prompt, and hardly ever had a line...Thanks again Orleans Casino for a wonderful stay, and we can't wait to come back next year!	
Jun 28 2008 	Half the price--twice the value!	We've stayed here before, and this year we chose to stay here for a 1-nt. stay before driving to Utah. Although we reserved a standard room for $70, we were put in a beautiful executive suite with a strip view. The buffet is great and costs about half of what you would pay on the Strip. The cafe gives you a ton of food at a great price, and there's also a TGI Fridays &amp; Subway, besides the nicer restaurants. There's a multi-screen movie theater &amp; bowling alleys. If you like to hang out at the pool, the sun doesn't hit the pool area until around Noon in May (because of the way the towers are situated). In the fall, you don't get much sun at all--that's the only downside. We've stayed at many places on the Strip, but we're definitely coming back here from now on!	
Jun 27 2008 	Well worth it	It's about a mile off The Strip so they try harder to make your stay a good experience. Room prices are very reasonable but after you have checked the rates on line, phone the hotel directly to see if they are less.The property is huge and there are numerous restaurants to choose from. Don Miguels has a happy hour margaretia for 99 cents and appetizers are 1/2 price between noon and 5:00 PM. The French Market Buffet is $14 for dinner and is very good.The rooms are average in size and the walls are cement which keeps out noise. The bathrooms have a small outside window so you can shower and view the city at the same time. Housekeeping was very good...our room was made-up promptly every morning.There is a free shuttle service to The Strip and a sister hotel.The hotel includes a theatre, arcade, arena, and even a bowling alley so when you've had enough of the slots, there's still lots to do.	
Jun 24 2008	Best hotel in Vegas	We have just returned from a fortnight stay at the orleans hotel and would highly recommend it , this is our third stay in three years and we are never disappointed. We were assigned a strip view room 1226 without even having to ask, the rooms are very large and clean. The buffet is fantastic for breakfast and the courtyard cafe is excellent. The casino is just the right size and very friendly.Excellent value for money.	
Jun 21 2008 	Nice stay !!	Room was clean, spacious and didn't smell of smoke. It had a coffee maker, iron/ironing board, blow dryer and a safe.Breakfast buffet was good, the lunch buffet was bad. Did not try dinner buffet. Cafe was okay.Great gambling with a super VP selection. Nice poker room and most of the waitresses were HOT !!!!!! Nice pool area.Can't beat the price and it is a short shuttle ride to the strip or the Rio/Palms area. The only negative is that it is not within walking distance of any other casino, but the shuttles are plenty and a cab ride is not expensive from the strip. I'll never stay on the strip again. It's either downtown or the Orleans for me.	
Jun 18 2008 	Still the Best deal	We stayed at the Orleans after trying Sam's Town. Sam's Town is good, but The Orleans was better (They are both Boyd Gaming properties). Their Buffet was better, It was much easier to get to the Strip, the pool was much larger and they had more slots and tables. I only regret that there were very few $5 blackjack tables (usually one or two) and they seemed to have phased out all the $3 tables.	
Jun 18 2008	Best place in vegas for dining and gambling	I was there last summer and I didn't want to leave! The hotel itseelf is immaculate. The staff is extremely courteous. Great perks. Upon checking in, you are given a coupon book with lots of goodies. I had never tried wine and was given a bottle with my dinner at their buffet. Everytime I go there, I visit their buffet. Best food ever. The coupon book also gives free drinks, souvenirs, free play, and more. The physical layout of the gambling areas are excellent to move around in, and the theme makes you feel like you really are in New Orleans. I would definite return to this Hotel and Casino: Wait, I have returned for the past 5 or 6 years and plan on visiting it again this November.I am from El Paso and when I win the Texas lottery I will spend lots of time there!!	
Jun 13 2008 	Great Service friendly quick to get around.	I knew from previous reviews that this is not a high end resort. However, having stayed at the 2 other resorts before, both big and high end...I really enjoyed this resort.Its not the kind of room you walk into and say &quot;this is the nicest hotel I have ever stayed at&quot; but it's clean, comfortable, beds are new and supportive, not hard. The restroom is a little strange, with the closet by the sink and a really heavy slidding wood door. The little window in the shower was neat. My room mate was a smoker so I could open it up and send the smoke out and it was nice to let the sun and fresh air in while having a shower.The front desk staff, buffett staff, cashiers &amp; housekeeping are all super nice.I had a 2nd floor room facing the pool. It was quick and easy to get to the casino, shuttle &amp; food.the shuttle came often and most of the drivers were fun and funny.The slots were loose at night, very tight during the day (for me anyway). The casino was busy during tournaments &amp; weekends, but the rest of the time I could get the machines I wanted. I am a super low roller and have a budget of $100 per day. I ended up spending $300 on penny slots &amp; walked away with $400 over all, so up $100 there.The pool area was nice, lots of shady places under the palm trees, but too many kids in the pool for me. The service at the pool bar was unfriendly, so I tipped accordingly.The buffet. I personally like quality over quantity so this buffet was a little lacking for me. The roast was typically overcooked and grisly &amp; the choices were limited to tacos, overcooked pasta, pizza &amp; overcooked corn on the cob. However, the salad bar was fresh and good, lots of fruit available and the dessert bar was great. Stay away from the eggs benedict, not good.The convenience store was open 24 hours and has everything you may need including advil, gum, soda &amp; snacks. Since it only take 2 minutes to get there from your room it truly is convenient.The liquor store is fantastic, great prices and 10% or 20% off with your club card. No need to go off resort to get your liquor or beer.We got a free breakfast/lunch buffet coupon for signing up for the club card.TGI Fridays was over priced for mediocre food.When we checked out the &quot;Resort Fee&quot; that everyone complains about didnt exist &amp; we were not charged the $15 per day for our fridge, Saving us $100 on that alone.The Business Services room was great, I went daily for my free 10 minutes of internet, never had to wait and the staff there were great.I have been back for 2 weeks and I have already received promotionals for $99 for 3 nights plus entry into the slot tournaments, so my low roller status actually means something to them.Overall I was very impressed with this resort. It's not high end, but its comfortable, relaxed and fun. Not the place to party or for the younger drinkin crowd. However happy hour 99 cent drinks is always fun.	
Jun 9 2008 	Not Bad Not Good	First time at the Orleans on Friday, June 6th after many trips to Vegas staying at hotels on the Strip. I figured that I would give it a try after it was recommended by an associate. Drove up to main entrance and Valet attendants were pretty much lethargic and unenthusiastic. They just stood at the desk and talked to each other, pretty much ignoring me as I proceeded to drive up to drop my car off. OK.... not a big deal. Maybe they were talking about the Presidential election, global warming, the Triple Crown or some other Earth shattering topic.I went to the check-in desk and was given a hassle because I did not have the exact credit card that I made (and already pre-paid) the room reservation with. Really not necessary since the room was pre-paid already, don't you think? A real stupid hotel policy. OK... no big deal, I thought.I asked the check-in agent for a quiet room on upper floor, and I got a room on floor 13 looking over the pool. Not 5 minutes after I emptied my suitcase, the whole room began vibrating as a Jazz concert (at the pool) commenced and boomed out music until 10 PM. I swear, the windows (on floor 13!) were vibrating so much you could see and feel it! Give me a break!!!Anyway, my first two &quot;experiences&quot; since I entered the property told me that it was useless to complain, because most of the staff I ran into so far did not have any type of &quot;customer service&quot; mentality.The room was OK, with a comfortable bed and pretty good size sitting area with chair and a couch. The bathroom was good size, but I did not like the sliding bathroom door, which was kind of &quot;cheesey.&quot;&quot;Low Class&quot; is how I would also describe many (not all) of the local patrons within the Orleans, which is definitely a &quot;locals' casino. On West Tropicana Avenue ( right by the casino), I noticed lots of drug addict prostitutes and alcoholics walking along the streets and hanging at the corner gas stations and mini-marts. I could also swear that I seen a couple of them walking around in the casino.For the price / quality of the room, you really can't go wrong. If you don't really care about anything mentioned above, then by all means stay here. Would I stay here again? No. Next time I'm in Vegas I'll gladly go for a few extra bucks and stay somewhere more classier, customer service oriented and more centralized to all the action, shows, casino curbside entertainment and more in tune with what Vegas is all about.	
Jun 3 2008 	Great First Time Experience!	This was our first time staying at the Orleans. We usually stay on the strip but decided to stay off the beaten path and we had a great time! Rooms were very nice for the price and the service was outstanding. We ate at the sushi and chinese restaurant which was very very good! We are planning to stay again in the near future.	
Jun 3 2008 	Love the Orleans	My husband and I stayed at the Orleans for three nights...it is our third time at this resort. We paid $30 per night for the first two nights, and $70 for Friday night, which is quite a deal in Vegas. Our room was on the 19th floor and the only way to describe the room is pristine it was so clean. We ate breakfast in the cafe each morning and were pleasantly surprised to pay $3.95 per person for eggs, hash browns, bacon, sausase and toast. We also had dinner in one of the other restaurants, cannot remember the name, but the food was great and more than enough to eat. Staff was always friendly and check-in took less than five minutes. I would recommend this hotel to everyone. There is a movie theater, bowling alley, Kids Quest, arcade, etc.If fact, you never have to leave it if you don't want to.	
Jun 3 2008 	Just got back	We stay at the Orleans about 3-4 times a year.We always have a nice, relaxing time there. We enjoy the large, ample rooms, tasty, quality food at the various restuarants, beautiful pool area, the nice beds, and the amenities there.We're not really into gambling, so we look more to the resort quailties.Boyd gaming is putting money into the hotel. We always notice something new. This trip all the towels and glassware were new.We've never experienced problems with bed bugs. We travel quite a bit, so we know to check everywhere we stay right away.We would recommend this hotel.	
Jun 2 2008 	Terrible Smell Throughout the Hotel Drove Me Away After 3 Hours	we had booked tickets to see a comedy show at the Orleans, so we decided to stay the night, too. i was skeptical about staying off the strip, but the reviews on this site were so positive. from the moment i walked into the Hotel from the Casino, i could smell an intense horrible fragrance. it must be to mask all the cigarette smoke that a previous poster had mentioned. it was present in our nonsmoking room. we could not open the window, except for the tiny bathroom one. i was so exhausted that we ended up taking a nap, and i hoped the smell would fade with time, but it didn't. we went out by the pool, and good lord, i could smell it there, too. the darn exhaust was blowing the same stink outside. from there, we called the Luxor, and luckily secured a nice clean odor-free room.when we checked out, and asked for the manager, they said it would be a 45 minute wait as he was on a break. we just could not wait, but i did tell the desk clerk why we were checking out after 3 hours. in retrospect, i should have left sooner, but i was so darn tired and looking forward to a nap, plus, i thought the smell would go away.we did return in the evening for a comedy show we had already booked. luckily, the auditorium did not have the smell.i would never stay here again, nor would i recommend it to someone.	
Jun 1 2008 	Shame about Etta	Had a great week at the hotel. Stayed on the 19th floor, not a great view but it was quiet.Found the shuttle service excellent and as my husband uses a wheelchair we were always called to the front of the queue to board the bus first. Drivers were all polite and helpful.Booked this hotel as we were seeing Etta James as my husband has been a big fan for 30 years and so decided as a treat to book the trip as a surpise for him. We live in the UK so it involved a long journey. Saw Etta on the Sunday however she was not well and only did 35 minutes of her show. Saw everyone complaining about it at the box office and joined the queue. They took our ticket stubs and said we would get a refund. Thought they were just saying that to get rid of everyone but when I got home I checked my credit card statement and sure enough I got a full refund.Have read the other reviews and stayed at the same time as other people and can't believe some of the things written. The sun does take its time to cover the pool completely and there were always plenty of sun beds. The pool area was kept clean. Our floor was non-smoking and didn't smell of smoke. The casinos were not as bad as others I have been in for cigarette smoke. Wish it could be banned everywhere but know it's not possible.Had the buffet breakfast each day which set us up til dinner. Ate in Don Miquels during Happy Hour and thoroughly enjoyed to Chinese/Japanese restaurant as well.Would definitely book this hotel again.	
May 29 2008 	Great Place that had everything	We had an excellent stay at the Orleans and have already booked another stay for August. This place was exceptionally clean and the service was great. There are many places in the casino to eat and on any budget. They offer a free shuttle service every 20 minutes to the strip and the drivers are nice and prompt. I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a clean, comfortable place to stay, away from the crowds on the strip.	
May 27 2008 	I'll Never Stay on the Strip Again!	This was my second trip to Vegas. I learned that staying on the Strip is overrated and too expensive. The Orleans has a shuttle service to the Strip every 20 minutes, plus, the hotel itself has a huge casino, numerous restaurants, and a couple of bars. We even saw a movie there and I got my hair cut by the man that used to cut Frank Sinatra's hair! He has a picture to prove it. Anyway, the rooms were clean and comfortable with a pamaramic view of the Strip. I recommend this hotel to everyone who is tired of getting ripped off by the fancy over-priced hotels. I used the $300 I saved on the hotel to fund my entertainment, and you should too.Atlanta, GA	
May 24 2008 	You get what you pay for except the BED BUGS!	I stayed at this hotel with my husband and another couple for the Viva Las Vegas 11th Rockabilly Weekend held every first week of April. When we arrived the check-in was smooth except, that they asked for the actual credit card that was used to make the reservation???The room was in a non-smoking floor, but it smelled really bad like a mix between humidity and sewage. We called the front desk, but there weren’t any other rooms available. The 2nd night when we woke up we had a horrible rash in the legs and forearms, JUST TO FIND OUT the beds had bedbugs. We complained about it but nothing was done. The 3rd night the toilet was over flooding we called maintenance and they came right away.The main floor had a really bad smoke smell; the restaurant food was pretty decent. The complementary transportation from the hotel to Vegas Strip and vice versa was good and we didn’t had to wait a long time for it to arrive. We used the TV check-out system and it was fast and accurate.	
May 24 2008 	Great Hotel	Would not hesitate to recommend this hotel. Have stayed in Mandalay Bay,Paris,Monte Carlo, and have got to say, this hotel is every bit as good. We had a great time, room was spotless, could not fault the maid service. Buffet was very good. Great Swimming Pool. Used the shuttle bus and never had to wait more than a couple of minutes.	
May 24 2008 	terrible service	This hotel is really terrible, especially for the service. I called the reception desk for direction before I got there. The phone had been transfered for three people and then I could get the answer. And the bathtub in my room was blocked, I could not take a shower. So I called the reception desk to handle it. The one answered the phone just asked me to hold on and did not listen to what my problem was. I was asked to wait for someone to answer the phone for many minus and then i hung up it. The next day I called the information to ask the working hours for spa, the one answered the phone just said he did not know it, and he did not find out the answer for me. I was extremely furious. What knid of service they are offering. No matter what you ask, they can not meet your satisfatory. It really a lousy place to stay.	
May 21 2008 	Not bad but be careful about the price!	We thought we were receiving a great price, but when we went to check in, we realized that they didn't give us the special we thought we were getting. According to them, there was no special and we would need proof in order for them to give it to us at those rates. Because it was an online ad we had seen, and we weren't able to go back in time and view an ad that had expired, we were out of luck. We were charged a higher rate. I also had asked for the best view possible since it was our 25th anniversary and was told it would be a pool view. We were on the 19th floor, way too high to even view the pool- or much else. WE did, however, have a great view of the parking lot.The hotel itself was fine. It is very clean and neat. The casino, which you must walk through, is VERY smokey, which was a problem for my 14 yr. old son. The food was good in the two restaurants that we ate in.The pool area was nice, but it filled up pretty quickly. It was in the shade until around 11:30 or so, but was then fine. You could rent a float device but it wasn't cheap- $10.00. On the other hand, it is a good idea because the lawn chairs were difficult to get.Other then the problem with the price, it was a nice, clean hotel which we would go back to. The movie theater was handy!	
May 16 2008 	Stayed There Smelled That.	Yes, its not a horrible place but there are probably nicer places to stay in Vegas. There are nonsmoking and smoking floors and my floor was a non smoking floor but, there was evidence that smoking occurs anyway. The room I had was nice and roomy with internet access for around 11.00 per 24 hours. There was a small coffee pot too.  I found the staff to be really friendly which is actually a contrast to my previous Las Vegas trips.  Since I was there for a convention and not the Casino I can comment on the convention facilities which were nice but, missing adequate outlets for laptops. I also, used the workout room and saw the spa facilities which were really surprisingly nice. The pool looked nice too. On the downside the hotel overall was a bit smelly (mostly cigarette smoke) but, it is afterall a casino but maybe they could afford some ventallation.  At the time I booked the price was about 70 dollars per night. There is a 5.00 per day resort fee which I am not sure I understand yet. The food at the hotel was fair and edible as hotel food goes.  This hotel is off the main strip and they do have shuttles to get you to the strip. A taxi trip to and from the airport will cost you around $20.00.  I probably would not stay at this hotel again unless it was for a convention or maybe I was on a tight budget.	
May 16 2008 	OK Stay	The Orleans Casino is a Casino with rooms and that is about it. Got a deal on their website where the rooms were $50 a night.Rooms are outdated, there is a FEE of $13 for internet + they add $5.00 a night for a RESORT FEE?!Our beds only had the minimum of sheets and blanket but NO COMFORTER?!At least the housekeeping staff were very courteous. We were staying only a couple of days. The rooms are outdated.	
May 12 2008 	Orleans was ok. But a good price.	Went to The Orleans for 3 nights Apr 29-May 2, 2008. There was a group of 12 of us, and we needed to purchase an extra room upon arrival to fit all of us. The price they quoted at the desk was $150.00 more than the price I saw online, so I used their computer to book it at a cheaper rate through Expedia. ($176.00 total for 3 nights).Check-in was awful, the computer system was not working, and they kept telling us that nobody could check in until it was fixed...finally, several hours later, they began to use the old fashioned way (paperwork) to check people in... I understand that these things happen, but it was a huge inconvenience.The hotel and casino itself were very nice, it was active, but not too busy. We were all comfortable in our rooms, once we got them. The rooms were clean and well sized. There are several restaurants onsite, and we were happy with our meals at each. There is a shuttle bus that drives you to the main strip every half hour or so. That was nice, it saved a cab fare. Overall, the stay was nice, but the inital check-in left me with a bad taste. I would recommend the Orleans as a slightly cheaper alternative to other resorts.	
May 12 2008 	Not Bad.	The Orleans was fine. The room was clean and there were no problems. If you expect the great things in life, its probably not for you.I stayed there because the evnt I was attending was in the Orleans. The bar, Don Miguels, has a happy hour every day with 99 cent margarettas and food. The quesadillas were really quite good. The casino was good, because I like to play on the $5.00 craps tables. You have to look pretty hard to find them any more in Vegas. The Orleans has $5.00 craps. The bad thing is, it's so far away from the strip or downtown. They do have a free shuttle that goes to the strip and returns. Last oe is 12:30 am.	
May 11 2008 	Warning Don't Stay Here!! Very Bad!!	Warning do not stay here!!This place is a dump! the first night went up to room 1105sewage was overflowing from sink! Black smelly gross it was bad!!I called front desk right away they really did not know what to do.I told them i want to change rooms. so finally they did.They moved me to room 1218 now this is a non smoking floor this was fine i don't smoke. When I got up there, right in front of my door looked to be 4 homeless people smoking. They where putting their ashes out in little plastic cups with water in them.this was so gross. I got into my room called security nothing was done this went on all night long.they were in and out of their room smoking and talking right outside my door!! I did not feel safe in that place at all!! i called the front desk again they said they were sorry and that was that.I come to vegas 6 times a year and have stayed at a lot of different places. I have never wrote a review but this time i had to just let people know how bad this place is. I know it is cheap but even for free I would not stay here ever again. Please when you come to vegas stay at a better place!! its your money and you are here to have a good time in a clean and safe enviroment.	
May 7 2008 	It's Gotten Worse Since Boyd Bought It!	We just got back from the Orleans. Vegas in general has lost its luster, since it has gotten so expensive to go there in general. (MGM MIrage just reported a 30% DECREASE in profit for the first quarter of 2008 - duh - people are fed up).Anyway, The Orleans is slipping in our opinion. Before Boyd bought it, it seemed that the hotel was more service oriented. The first night that we stayed this trip, we discovered that there was NO COMFORTER on our bed. We were informed by the management that this is &quot;now standard procedure&quot; at the Orleans. Wow.Service at the Prime Rib Loft was terrible, and it used to be superb.The housekeeping was very good, and they agree with the customer that the place is &quot;going to pot.&quot;Anyway, the trip was OK, but I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. The Orleans has gotten &quot;too big for their britches.&quot;	
Apr 30 2008 	Good for Vegas first-timers	I have been to Las Vegas numerous times, but this was my first and last stay at The Orleans. Immediately upon entering the hotel lobby, the smell of cigarette smoke was overwhelming. My eyes started burning and tearing up after just a few minutes. Check in was quick-about 5 minutes. I requested a quiet room and was accomodated. I proceeded to my room on the 19th floor (out of 21 floors). The hallway carpet was grossly stained. However, I was pleased because the cigarette smell subsided once I entered the elevator. The room was adequate- a good size for Las Vegas. It had a loveseat and 2 chairs. Thank goodness the bathroom has a small window that opens for fresh air. Without that, I would have checked out after the first night. There was a small coffeemaker and a safe. The tub was larger than normal.I ordered room service on my second day there. Big mistake! I routinely order room service at most hotels I stay at and this was by far the WORST. The chicken smelled bad. I took a few bites and it tasted as if it had been sitting in a warmer for 3 days. I soon got a stomachache and decided to only eat the baked potato and dump out the rest. I got the feeling they don't serve much room service.Some good things about the Orleans. Every staff person I came across-with the exception of the poker room-was pleasant and friendly. There is a free shuttle that runs every half hour to the strip and drops off across the street from Caesar's. This is a very good thing because when I took a cab from the strip -Mirage- I paid $15 before tip. The cab fare from the airport was $21. If you are renting a car it is fine to be off the strip. The food at the Orleans was cheap, but you get what you pay for. The spa is a nice addition. It has a sauna and jacuzzi. Also, internet access is free for 10 minutes daily. This allows you to print your boarding passes for your flight home. The hotel also has a movie theater and childcare center as well as bowling alley. I would only recommend this hotel for traveler's on a tight budget, who have never been to Vegas before and don't mind cigarette smoke. I definetely would not stay here with children.	
Apr 26 2008 	Good off-strip hotel choice	If you’re looking for an off-strip option to the Las Vegas experience, The Orleans is a good choice.I’ve been going to Vegas for years and have always stayed on a strip property. However, I’ve grown tired of trying to find tables with less than $15 minimums (especially on busy days/weekends), so on the suggestion of a family member, I decided to stay off-strip this time and after looking at reviews here and doing my own research, I chose The Orleans.It was a good choice and I just completed my second stay there in a month. The Orleans is located on Tropicana Blvd., about 2.5 miles west of the intersection of Tropicana and Las Vegas Blvd where the New York New York and MGM are located. It is NOT within walking distance of these locations, especially in summer. The Orleans offers a shuttle service that operates every 20-30 minutes and takes you from the Orleans to the Strip – it drops you off outside of Bill’s Casino on the strip when is across the street from Caeasar’s Palace. Anyway, I would recommend forgoing the shuttle. I was there in March and April and while it was not hot during those visits, I could see in the summer where waiting for the shuttle out in the heat (with no shelter to cover the sun) would be less than pleasurable. I took the shuttle once and it was OK – full, but I’m more of an instant gratification type of guy and didn’t like having to wait about a ½ hour each time (even though those timeframes are clearly posted by the hotel – so not their fault at all). It’s just so much easier to grab a cab and pay the $10 - $12 fare (includes tip) to the strip. Then do the same on the way back. But, the shuttle is a nice, clean option for those who do not want to use a cab.Check-in on both trips was very easy. Only a slight wait the first time and there was no wait this last time (Tuesdsay, April 22). On my first Orleans stay in March, however, I did notice a couple of times while gambling that there were quite long lines at check-in, but they seemed to be moving. Greeted with a smile and asking my room preferences both times. Both times they assigned me to a room exactly as I asked, including a high room, away from elevators.Rooms were clean, though basic and somewhat dated. But I wouldn’t expect more for the outstanding rates offered at the Orleans. This past stay, my rate was $49/night for 3 nights. I received a room with two queen beds, a small sofa, a chair and a desk chair, a desk with a chair and an armoir that held a 25” standard TV (not plasma or LCD) and room for most of your clothes. The bathroom is a little different. A sliding wood door is what separates the bathroom from the rest of the room and takes a little getting used to, but is otherwise functional. The bathroom set-up is very basic (like the room itself) but contains everything you need. The only thing that I would suggest to the Orleans regarding their bathrooms is to supply a soap dish to hold the used soap. It just feels very Motel 6ish when you have to put your used soap directly on the sink because there’s nothing else there to put it on… The water pressure in the shower was always fine and water temperature from very cold to scalding hot was always available. The shower even has a small window that opens slightly. Back to the living area – the beds are very standard, basic beds – which means either quite hard or quite soft. The comforters are dated (ugly, actually) and I strip them off the bed anyway before sitting on the bed for a number of reasons I’ll let you figure out. The pillows provided are totally insufficient and very uncomfortable. They are very small, routinely flat you receive two of these on a queen bed and three on a king size bed. You will want to call housekeeping and have them bring you at least two more. The carpet is garish (a yellow, red pattern), but seemed clean. All in all, if you are one to simply use the room as a place to sleep after a long day of gambling, eating and drinking, it’s just fine. If you’re looking for a little luxury because you spend most of your time in the room watching TV or reading, then you would probably want to stay somewhere else. For me, it’s perfect.The issue of the in-room safe: yes, they provide an in-room safe large enough to hold my laptop and several other items. The bad news – it is not secured to anything. It sits atop a shelf in the open closet area of the bathroom. I did use it, however, to hold my valuables since I had no other choice. It is a little disconcerting, though, to think that someone could simply walk up and rip the safe’s cord of the wall and walk off with it if they were so inclined. They really should bold those down to the shelves.Also, wireless internet connections are available in the rooms and the cost is $12.99 per 24 hours of use. The signal was strong and the connection was fast.Both times, my rooms were very quiet. I rarely heard neighbors and the noise from outside was minimal. The hallway carpets could use a good deep cleaning – stains were evident along the yellow edges of the carpeting in the hallways.Elevators were never a problem. Never had to wait long for one and they were never so crowded that it was uncomfortable.Good mix of all age groups represented at the Orleans. 20s and up. Very few kids. Music in the background on the casino floor is always ‘80s top 40 type of music – doesn’t stray much from that genre though. The place, for me, where the Orleans really shines is its’ customer service and casino area. Every employee I ran across greeted me with a “hello” and a smile. There is a security guard stationed near the elevators and they all had a smile and a “thank you” for showing your room card. Most of the dealers, bartenders, and cocktail waitresses are very friendly as well. The hotel has a really good restaurant selection (seven or eight of them) and I’ve eaten at all but a couple. I will alert you, first, however about the buffet. Each night is a “special” night and Wednesday nights is prime rib night. I might well have been the worst prime rib I’ve ever had. Very overcooked, tough and colorless. The remaining selections were merely average. Price was $15 and for the $15 you can get a much better meal somewhere else in the casino. In fact the prime rib at the Prime Rib loft was very good. I enjoyed the shrimp cocktail and Boston clam chowder at Big Al’s Oyster Bar and had a lunch special at Koji’s which was average. I ate many meals at their “diner” style restaurant called the Courtyard Café. Good selection at very reasonable prices and always good sized portions and quite good. Service at all restaurants was always very friendly and quick. No complaints at all with restaurant service there. There’s also a TGI Fridays inside when has it’s traditional menu.All in all, I will stay here again. It’s the best of both worlds for me. I avoid the crowds and noise of the strip, yet I’m close enough that a $10 cab ride gets me over to the strip (which I did a couple of times) if I want that vibe and energy (and other gambling options) and all at room rates that are generally excellent.	
Apr 25 2008 	Great deal!	Room:The room was really big with a view of the strip. The decor was slightly outdated and could have used a little bit of sprucing but overrall decent. However, the water coming out of the bathroom sink smelled like sewerage and we could smell it slightly in the room. There is internet access here but it is $12 per 24 hours. I did not pay it. Location:About 5 minutes off the strip but we got the room at a special rate of $30 per day so could not go wrong. There is a free shuttle that runs pretty frequently to and from the strip so no need for a car if you plan on staying close by.Casino:The casino is large with several restaurants and, of course, a buffet. We ate at the buffet once for dinner and once for breakfast. The buffet is a good value and offers a large variety of food. The quality of the food was very good.Pool:Large pool area with plenty of lounge chairs. There is no jacuzzi but there is a wading pool that is heated and has jets. Fitness room:The gym is nice. About 15 cardio machines and about 8-10 nautilus machines. Not bad at all for working off the calories from the night before's buffet. All the machines seem to be fairly new. There is also a nice spa but I did not use it. Overrall:If you are willing to stay off the strip this is a great hotel to consider. Look for a special deal on the room as we got our room for $30 per night (weeknights). This is not the Venetian or the Wynn but it's a great cost effective alternative.	
Apr 22 2008 	Bad Odor... A Real Stinker - and Don't Drink the Water	My hubby &amp; I got married at this hotel 10 years ago and had a great time. Went back last week with several family members and had the worst hotel experience in my life, bar none.Our first room was fine when we checked in (around 10:30 am). There was a note in the room saying that the water would be shut off from midnight to 6 am. Before returning to our room (around 11 pm) I requested some bottled water, since the water would be shut down. I was told I'd have to pay for it. I could hardly believe it. It did not end there.We finally got the water and when we got to our room and opened the door, we were almost blown back into the hallway by the sewer smell. The air was thick and the sink was full of sewer backwash. The staff at the Orleans refused to give us a new room. They sent someone from engineering who stuffed the sink full of chemicals, so now we had a room that was full of sewer and chemical smell. It was definitely not fit for human habitation. The people who came into our room all agreed that they would not stay there, but would any of them help us get a new room? NO!After more than an hour of back and forth between supervisors we finally got a new room (an ADA equipped room). Apparently, that was all they had open on a Wednesday night. Needless to say, this room was better than the last, but the smell coming from the sink was still bad. I was afraid to say anything, for fear that they'd come put in all those chemicals again. That was even worse than the sewer smell. So we kept the bathroom window open and made sure the bathroom door was always shut. It helped.We had 4 rooms booked there and 2 were real stinkers. The other 2 weren't bad. But one problem that we all had was from drinking the water (or possibly the ice). Out of 8 people in our group, 6 got sick. I got seriously ill. We are all convinced that it is the sewer/water problem at the hotel.The sad fact is that the staff at the Orleans plays dumb about all of this. I have since searched and found other complaints regarding this, so I know it's not the first time they've ever heard about it. I also contacted the Clark County Dept. of Environmental Health who inspected and said that it was a violation to shut the water down without notifying them. The supervisor at the Orleans told the DEH that it was done on an &quot;emergency&quot; basis and that's why no notification was given, However, we checked in at 10 am and found the note then, so they had time.I'm sorry to see what was such a fun place become so dilapidated and run down in a short 10 years...	
Apr 18 2008 	1st choice for value	Ok so I was wavering between the 4 and 5 rating and decided-what's not to love about this quirky, fun hotel with all the amenities and service you could need? We got a code and paid $30 a night and for the money I couldn't fault the place- great pool area, good gaming, lots of food options for half the strip price, comfortable rooms- I'm pleased to report no bed bugs even though I have the most sensitive of skins, courteous staff and a positively 'Big Easy' atmosphere. The staff at the TGI Friday are the best you'll care to meet (they train the staff at 7 other Fridays in the area) and would recommend the apple mojitos for $5. We've stayed at many hotels in the world and on this trip our next stops were Signature and MGM grand suites but I would have happily stopped here for much longer. If you can get a good rate and enjoy a slightly off strip experience then this is the place for you! Also go to the $250,000 game show at the Hilton- we nearly died with laughing! You can get half price tickets from Tix4Tonight.	
Apr 16 2008 	Rockabilly Weekender	My husband and I booked a room for the Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly Weekender. The event was held at one of their partner hotels, the Gold Coast. We chose the Orleans because of the discount rates for the event and they offered a free shuttle. The shuttle is a great way to travel to the strip and the Gold Coast. I personally think that they should extend the time the shuttle is in service. The last pickup is 12:30am but they should change it to at least 2am. Midnight is when things are really happening in Vegas. The room that they put us in was so far away and we had to walk forever. The last thing I wanted to do after walking all over the strip is walk a mile through the casino and another mile to our room. Make sure that they put you in a room close to the elevators. The room was open and not cramped but the smell of smoke was overwhelming. We were in a non smoking room but the stale scent of cigarettes filled the room. It must be due to poor air circulation in older casinos. The only thing that helped was the fresh air from the small bathroom window. We kept it open the entire time.We did order room service one evening at about 2am. It was affordable, quick and very good. The pool area was nice. It had a bar. The hot tub was large and had waterfalls. There a palm tree in the center. The only problem is that children flock to the hot tub. There was a sign posted for children under 12 not to use the hot tub. Nobody from the hotel was there to enforce it. I got several mouths full of hot tub water from inconsiderate youth. If you are on a budget then this is the hotel for you.	
Apr 16 2008	Nice hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Orleans last week. The room was large with a nice setting area. The bathroom was big, with good lighting. We even had an instant coffee pot.The room was clean and the staff was very friendly and helpful.The only thing I would say is if you are pillow sensitive, bring your own. The pillows were terrible. Also the doors have and automatic closure on them and they slam.The pool area was great, as was the casino and all of the food.I would stay there again.	
Apr 14 2008 	Nascar	Great race [ackage, Food is good and reasonable, Lots of options, try Big Als for great gumbo, etc. transportation to track on time, shuttle to strip,	
Apr 12 2008 	Good Casnio....BAD hotel	To make this short and sweet...if you care about a clean, bug free hotel stay...dont stay here. First room we had we found 2 LARGE beetles running across the floor. Complained and they downgraded us to a lower floor level...this was find because we jsut wanted a clean room.Both my husband and I woke up the next morning with bug bites all over our arms and legs...suprise suprise...the reviews about bed bugs on here are correct. Another reviewer on here complained about the water...he is correct to...the sink water smells like fried eggs. Bed sheets were OLD and mattress uncomfortable.I have never complained about a hotel before, but I though this was worth complaing about because I would not want anyone else to go through that. I thought we would save some money by booking at the orleans...bad idea.The people that work in the casino are GREAT and the 24 hour dinner. But the hotel was HORRIBLE.	
Apr 12 2008 	Quite good	Had a conference here in April and was very happy with this off-strip hotel. Good food, decent drinks and a free shuttle bus into the strip whenever you need it. Rooms were large with good housekeeping and friendly staff. For the price, can't complain !	
Apr 11 2008 	Great	Nature of visit: Stayed at the Orleans to play in their poker tournaments, which run three times daily. Talked to the poker room manager, the tournament struture is great and for the price 80 bucks, gives you a good gamble. Remember, most tournaments are nothing more than a turkey shoot. The blinds goes up so fast and the rounds are so short, you have to play any two card and hope for the best. NOT AT THE ORLEANS. The blind struture at the Orleans is excellent with 30 min rounds, that gives you a lot a lot of play. Poker skills will pay off here.Room: The room was neat and very clean. Not huge, but who comes to Vegas and spends their time in the room. Service. I had to call security twice. Each time they were up to my room within 10 mins (I messed up the safe in the room and needed it opened).The Strip: Nice free shuttle service to the strip. Why pay more, for less? When you stay at the Orleans, you can be at the strip in 5 min's - free.The food: They have a sub-way that is open 24/hours and a lot of other places to eat. All the food was good.I will stay at the Orleans again and recommend it to anyone. The poker room is everything I read it would be (all good stuff). The staff friendly, the rooms clean and the food good and reasonable. I'm looking forward to my next trip in June. See you at the tables.......	
Apr 9 2008	As Always - A Great Stay	Have stayed at this hotel many times and find the spacious rooms to be clean and very quiet. The pool area is large and well landscaped and the hot tub open year round. As mentioned in a previous review, there were a number of kids and sports teams during our stay, but it was March, Spring Break and it was this way all over the city so we were prepared for it. We definitely will return.	
Apr 9 2008	You don't have to stay on the Strip to enjoy Vegas	We like Vegas and don't have to stay right on the strip to enjoy our getaway. We decided on the Orleans this time mainly because the price was spectacular. We have found that all of the hotels in Vegas are awesome. The big difference is the location. Because we stayed off the strip, we got a better deal on lodging that left us more money to spend on other things. We gambled every day, saw at least one show a day, and ate at great restaurants. Our room was very good size, it was well maintained, and the staff we encountered were courteous. We didn't need to leave the Orleans if we didn't want to. There was plenty of action all over the hotel. We even went bowling!	
Apr 3 2008	Fabulous	This is my 2nd time staying at the Orleans, it is a great place to stay, after a long day walking the beautiful strip it's nice to go back to this adorable hotel and gamble, eat and drink and then go right upstairs and relax, trust me it's worth it...J.C.-CHICAGO	
Mar 31 2008 	Great Family Stay !!	Stayed here with my 14 year old son and husband from March 17 to the 20th ,2008. Weather was hot ! in the 80s and we had a great room comfy and clean. So quiet too ! Perfect off the strip hotel and we all can't wait to go back. NOT crowded at all. The line ups for the buffet in the morning were short if you arrived before 10am. Food was good and plentiful. $7 a person. Good value. Pool was great. One toddler pool, one longish one and a huge circular hot tub...beautiful.On our last day we came up from the pool and we had no water in our room. We called and they explained they had an emergency and the water in our entire tower was out for about 2 hours. My husband quickly called down to the Spa/Fitness Centre and they said we could use the facilities no problem !! It is part of the resort $5 a day fee you pay ! Make use of it folks !! Gorgeous facility ! Besides the huge shower stalls it had a sauna and a huge whirlpool with nobody in it ! Free use of the toiletries and they had ice cold water in the fridge !! Anyway, we came back to our room and still had no water. My husband called the manager and left a voice mail about his concerns since we were on our way out to a formal dinner and still couldn't use the water. The next day when we checked out the manager had credited our account with one free night stay !!! We thought that was acceptable since it was a hassle going to the spa to shower ! ( even if it was a nice spa ! ) We also rented a car from Budget which was conveniently located accross the street. The hotel gets a better rate for you, so go through the Bell Desk .Took my son to Gameworks which is an awesome arcade on the strip next to MGM. Paid $35 for a day pass. HE DID NOT WANT TO LEAVE EVEN AFTER 5 HOURS. So we took him back after dinner for a few more hours. Great games for all ages.When we did take a cab from the hotel to the strip we payed about $10 mid day. We also took a cab back to the airport and it cost around $17 . That was early in the am. and no traffic of course. All in all it was great and we would recommend this hotel to all.	
Mar 31 2008 	Very disappointed	I have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Orleans, in a standard room - two double beds....have stayed there before, and find the Coast Hotels in Nevada to be okay for the money. However this time I was very disappointed...The room needs a bit of an update. The bedspreads are really old and what is up with the smell in the bathroom sink.? I had to stop it up I could actually smell it in the room sitting up in bed....horrible smell - you could even smell sewerage walking to the elevator. Is there a problem with the pipes? and I was told one rate and charged another for friday and sat eve's. I had to fight to get $50.00 taken off my bill.....I was asked for my confirmation number...went crazy looking for it...and then when I called back and spoke to a supervisor was told that she could not do anything? That I needed the paper work??? what paper work??? my confirmation sent to me via email from them didn't show a price, just a number....I was very upset. Told her I had spent a lot of money in the casino gambling and she could look up my points on my players card!!! She called back 5 min. later to say that she spoke to a hostess and they would delete $50.00 and taxes...we'll see if that really has happened as soon as I check my credit card on here...On top of all of the above, I see we really picked a bad time to go to Vegas, since it was spring break and our hotel was hosting the Cheerleaders competition in there arena...Oh my !! I have never in my life seen so many kids in a casino in Las Vegas. This is why I do not stay at Circus Circus....of course I am not blaming the Orleans for that, but they really should not allow children to sit up against a wall and play with there toys while mom and dad are gambling at a slot machine....I was really surprized at all the kids standing around in the casino, and I am talking gangs of teens...our floor had an alarm system broken into and the police were there, and glass shattered so the housekeeper had to go up and vacuum at midnight one evening....and all of their doors were decorated with their names and the schools they were representing....I felt like I was in a dorm... With these experiences, I do not think I will stay at the Orleans again....Mostly my advice to you all is to check what is going on in the arena there and if you have a bad sence of smell then the room won't bother you....	
Mar 31 2008	Love this hotel!	I stayed at The Orleans from March 17th to the 21st for the first time. Though I was there for business this time I did get to have a little bit of fun. Check in was very quick and access to the elevators to get up to the rooms was very convenient. The room was huge and perfect! Maid service was great everyday and the couple times I had to call to the front desk the employees were very helpful and nice. I told my husband when we go back to Vegas for vacation we are staying here! The buffet had great food at a great price for breakfast and dinner and Don Miguel's has happy hour from noon to 5pm with $.99 margaritas and 1/2 priced appetizers. Perfect! The pool though on the small side was clean and quiet. I did not end up gambling at all so I can't comment on the dealers or bar tenders. I really liked that this casino/hotel wasn't enormous and overwhelming taking forever to get where I needed to go. The fact that there is a free shuttle to the strip was very convenient as well. If you drive in or have a rental the parking is quick and close...I didn't even need to use the valet service! Loved the atmosphere and would definitely recommend it!	
Mar 30 2008 	Stayed at The Orleans	Good place to stay if you don't need immediate access to the glitz of the new or old strip. The fitness center/spa is top notch. It has a good work out room, good shower/locker accomodations, and best of all it's free! Most of the casino hotels in Vegas charge $10 to $20 for the fitness center. There is a shuttle to the new strip that seemed to be on an appropriately frequent cycle.Price: Attractive, I paid less than $100 at the last minute for a very busy Friday night. I saw a $56 rate for a weeknight.General look and feel: You will feel like you are staying in a less-glitzy, off the strip casino hotel. The furniture in the room has a worn look to it, but not bad. The housekeeping seemed good.Pool: Looked good, lots of kiddies though.Gaming area: Certainly serviceable gaming areas, the chandeliers in the gaming area are wild and cool looking. The sports book looked good.Eating: The buffet was one of the better I've had in Vegas when considering the cost, I think I paid $8 for a lunch buffet, and it had good variety and good layout to access the buffet bars.	
Mar 30 2008 	Great Rooms and Staff	Stayed here for 6 nights. The room was simple, but more than adequate - 2 queen sized beds and the love seat and chair area were great. There was enough room for 2 adults and 2 (active) children to not get into each other's space too much over 7 days. The staff was great - from the bell desk to the housekeepers, everyone was more than friendly and accomodating. The Kids Tyme child care was awesome - our children asked to go, as there was more than enough for them to do for a couple of hours and they made some new friends. You pay $7/hr ($6/hr for houseguests) per child, and they have VERY reasonably priced food the children can order (with their parents' prior consent) - all in all a better experience then taking them to the arcades or Adventuredome.I would recommend the hotel for its rooms; however the casino was less than generous to us and they often had machines down (the entire one and only Megabucks carousel was down for quite a bit of the day) and the craps tables were cold each time we checked, so we ended up gambling much less than we planned to. You need to drive to all other casinos, so, being that we were for the most part arranging our gambling time around our children's bed time (switching off, going downstairs one at a time), we were for the most part held hostage to the Orleans.	
Mar 29 2008 	Big and Clean Room Poor Housekeeping	My family of 3 stayed at this hotel for several days in March 2008. We drove to the hotel on Sunday at about 4 PM. It was easy to get to from the airport.  Unfortunately, there was no designated spaces for hotel guests to unload their luggage in front of the hotel. The valet guy told me that we could park by the curb at a spot across 5 lanes of cars from the hotel front entrance, and unload our stuff, but we had to give him our car key (in a sense, valet parking) unless at least one of us stayed with the car during our registering. I did not want to pay for valet parking just for registering and unloading our luggage, so I parked at the spot he pointed out, went inside the hotel myself to register while my wife and my son stayed in the car.  As soon as I entered the hotel, I smelled cigarette, which was stronger than I expected, because the registration counter is on the fringe of the casino area so that the smoke generated by smoking gamblers was distributed all through the ground floor. The cigarette smell was barely tolerable. Las Vegas appeared to be the cigarette smoking capital of the U.S. because every where I went on the ground floor of each of the Las Vegas hotels and the areas outside the Las Vegas hotels, I ran into people smoking.  I had to wait only 5 minutes for my turn to register inside the hotel. The woman who checked me in was friendly. AFter I had gotten my computer card room keys, I returned to our car, unloaded the luggage and told my wife and son to wait by our luggage outside the hotel. I then drove to park in the parking lot of the Orleans Arena next door to the hotel. I walked for about 8 minutes back to the front entrance of the hotel to meet my wife and son, and proceeded to our room with our luggage.  Both my wife and my son commented how strong the cigarette smell was in the &quot;lobby&quot; of the hotel. The elevators to the rooms were located about 5 minutes walk from the hotel front entrance, on the fringe of the casino. Thus, the Orleans Hotel is not as bad as the large hotels on the strip in terms of the distance from the hotel entrance to the elevators to go up to the guest rooms.  After getting off the elevator, it was quite a walk to our room because our room was near the end of a very long hallway. One thing I noticed was that there was no cigarette smell in the hallway and in our room, as if the living quarters and the ground floor casino were in two separate buildings served by two separate air conditioning systems.  When we walked from the elevator to our room, I saw that the carpet lining the hallway had obvious stains in a number of areas showing that the carpet really need to be replaced. But we were happy with the cleaniness of our room. We were given a strip-view non-smoking standard room with 2 queen size beds. The room was very big. Having stayed at a number of hotels in both coasts, I would rate this room to be the biggest standard hotel room we have stayed at. The view of the strip also was nice.  However, the brass collar of the lamp next to the window was broken. I informed housekeeping of the problem and they said they would send an engineer to fix it. We went out for dinner. We did not eat at the hotel that night. But several people we knew ate at the buffet restaurant at the hotel that night and told us that the food was not very good. When we got back to our room that evening, I saw that the engineer had put a paper tape around the broken brass collar of the lamp to hold it up. If I were the engineer, I would have replaced the lamp or at least fixed it with an insulating plastic tape. Being very tired, I did not complain to housekeeping about the quality of the repair, figuring that we were just staying for several days. I merely told my son to not touch the lamp.  My wife took her shower and told me that the bath tub did not drain water very well. Because we were too tired to call houskeeping, we went to bed. The beds and pillows were average in terms of comfort, but the bed sheets were too small for queen size beds. The air conditioner was rather noisy. But we got used to it quite soon and fell asleep without any trouble. The next morning, I took the shower and found that the water rose to about half an inch above the bath tub drain during the shower so that there was a pool of water where my feet were. The water was hot enough and the water pressure was quite good. After the shower, I called down to housekeeping complaining about the water drainage problem and they said they would send an engineer to fix it. I put $3 in an envelope marked &quot;House Keeper&quot; next to the TV and we left for sight seeing. When we returned that evening, the bath tub drainage problem had not been fixed. In addition, the housekeeper did not replace the plastic water cups and the paper coffee cups that we had used. I called housekeeping complaining about the water drainage problem again and told them to send an engineer the next day to fix the problem.  The second morning, I once again left $3 for the house keeper and went out for sight seeings. When we returned, the drainage pproblem stayed the same and the water cups and coffee cups were not replenished. I called housekeeping complaining about the drainage problem again. The person who took my call recognized my voice and said that she would write a big note for the engineer about it. I requested that she sent the engineer the following day to fix the problem.  We went downstairs to meet up with 4 people we knew for dinner at the Prime Rib Loft (sort of on the second floor of the hotel) without any reservation at about 7:30 pm. Because the Prime Rib Loft was connected to the casino without any wall, I noticed that the cigarette smell in the Prime Rib Loft was stronger than that in the casino. It might be because cigarette smoke rose in the air so that the smoke was more concentrated in the loft than in the casino downstairs. The hostess told us that there was no open table for 7 at that time and we would have to wait till 8:45 pm for the next table. With the cigarette smell being as strong as it was, we did not want to dine there.  Instead, we went to Canal Street downstairs. Canal Street was a restaurant inside the hotel at the fringe of the casino area. Because Canal Street was connected to the casino with a closed door, the cigarette smell inside Canal Street was much lighter than that in the casino area or the registration area. We had prime ribs and sea bass, which were very good. The service also was good.  The third morning, I did not leave any money for the house keeper because I was not happy with the house keeper's repeated failure to replenish the cups in our room. We went out for sight seeing again. When we returned later that afternoon, I found that the drainage problem stayed the same. The situation was worse than the last two days in that not only did the house keeper not replenish the cups, she also did not leave us with a fresh roll of bathroom tissue. Because I did not notice the lack of bathroom tissue until the fourth morning, I called housekeeping and told the staff only about the unfixed drainage problem and the lack of water cups. She offered to send an engineer up right away. But I told her to not bother because we were checking out the next day anyway. I told her that if I were to do my job the way the hotel engineers did theirs, I would have been fired long time ago. She also wondered how their engineers do their jobs. I told her I needed water cups. She said she would send someone to bring us new water cups. When we returned to our room after dinner, we saw a stack of about 10 precious, plastic water cups in our room. Finally, at least one of my complaints resulted in a resolution of a housekeeping problem. But before my stay at the Orleans Hotel, I did not know that plastic water cups could be that precious. When I got up the fourth morning at about 7:30 AM, I noticed that the house keeper did not leave us any fresh roll of bathroom tissue. My patience was running out, I called housekeeping and demanded that someone bring us bathroom tissue. She said someone would bring us the tissue shortly. But it was not until about 8:10 AM before a woman brought us two rolls of bathroom tissue.  At 8:17 AM, somebody knocked at our door. I recognized that it was a house keeper because every morning at about that time in the past several days, a house keeper (not the same one every morning) had knocked at our door. I could not figure out why the house keepers wanted to wake hotel guests up so early every morning. May be they were too anxious to get the rooms clean early so that they could go home early. But with patience running out concerning housekeeping of the Orleans Hotel, I opened the door and asked the house keeper what she wanted. She did not dare to tell me that she wanted to clean my room at that moment. She also did not apologize either. She just walked away and knocked at the door of the room next to us. I poke my head out in the hallway, raised my voice at her and said: &quot;It is only 8:17 AM, for god sake!&quot; She looked at my direction with an facial expression that told me that she most likely did not understand what I was saying. To not waste time, I closed my door, took my shower and packed for our trip home. The check out went smoothly. I only had to wait 3 minutes for my turn at the check out counter. In my opinion, the Orleans Hotel definitely has housekeeping problems. But if all you want is a hotel at a low rate, and you are willing to put up with the housekeeping problems, I think the Orleans would work for your stay at Las Vegas. Its room size and low rate could not be beated by any strip hotel. Our room was cleaner than some rooms we stayed at in some 3-star hotels across the country.	
Mar 27 2008 	Everything the strip has at 1/2 off	I booked my room directly with the hotel from an email I had received from Clubcoast. The bed was king size and very comfortable, the heat and air conditioning are controlled by a thermostat that you set for the desired temperature. I had a room overlooking the pool, it was spacious and quiet. I paid $30 for 1 night on Easter Sunday. The casino has everything that all of the Strip hotels have. The property has several different restaurants, I did not dine here so I will not comment on the food. Friendly staff and the rooms were clean and in good working order.	
Mar 24 2008	Fab Stay	We have just returned from a 7 night stay at the Orleans and have thoroughly enjoyed it.This was our first time in Vegas. Check-in was very quick, I asked for a high floor with a strip view and was very fortunate to be placed in a huge room on the 15th floor with fab views of the strip especially at night. The room had 2 queen beds which were very comfy and a 2 seater sofa, chair and coffee table.The bathroom was very spacious, had a shower over the bath and was very powerful. The standard of cleanliness was exceptional. The towels were large and fluffy and the complimentary toiletries were of a good standard. The room was very quiet and we never heard other guests.TIP-Always place the &quot;Do not disturb&quot; sign on your door otherwise the maids knock you up at 7am to clean the room!.The shuttle bus was great, very frequent and drops off at the side of Bills gambling hall which is about the middle of the strip. We never waited more than 10 mins . The facilities in the hotel were more than adequate. The $5 daily resort fee (per room) includes 30 mins internet access (in the business centre nr reception) however I ewas on much longer somedays and no one ever said or charged me anything! and free use of the gym, and free local telephone calls.The choice of eating places within the hotel are good. We ate at the Courtyard Cafe and it was very good. We only played the slots as we dont have a clue about gambling! The cocktail waitresses were much more frequent in taking orders in the casino in the Orleans than any other casino we visited.The pool area is really well kept and a lovely relaxing environment, and provides free towels. Only residents can enter the pool area.Security guards are always sat by the lifts and no one can get up to the guest rooms without showing their key card.There is a great shop within the hotel where you can purchase toiletries, gifts, and snacks as well as alcohol at terrific prices. A chilled bottle of decent rose wine was only $4 !On the morning of check-out (which is 12.00) we left our luggage with the bell boys and ate lunch in the hotel before stepping outside to take a cab back to the airport, there are always cabs waiting.We absolutely loved the Orleans and saved approx £200 by not staying at a strip hotel. It was nice to get away from the noise and hustle and bustle of the strip.	
Mar 24 2008 	Great Value Great Rooms	I head to Vegas about every six months, and haven't stayed at the Orleans in over 5 years. My mom was visiting me over the holidays, and we decided to head to Vegas for a few days. I usually like to stay at a different place each time, but with a tight budget being the holidays and all, we decided to go cheap. At $25/night (off season) I thought I'd try the Orleans again. I don't remember ever having a bad experience there before, but just prefer to stay on strip. Everything about it was perfect. The rooms were big, comfortable, and very clean. The wait staff was very attentive, and my drink was never empty. The bartenders were friendly, and bar drinks were not overly priced (like the on strip casino bars). There are plenty of choices for meals, with several restuarants.The shuttle runs every 30 minutes, and stops midstrip. I actually found when taking taxis back to The Orleans it is cheaper than staying in a strip hotel because the cab drivers use all back roads, and the Orleans is located mid-strip, but off-strip, almost a direct shot from anywhere on the strip.It was November, so the pool was cold, but, the pool area and hot tub open, which I really appreciate because I like to sit outside and read during the daytime (&quot;recovering&quot;). All-in-all I am very impressed with The Orleans, would recommend it anyone visiting Vegas.	
Mar 18 2008 	Orleans - Big rooms and good value for money!	Please note this review is based on June 2007 so details are not so good.This was my 2nd time staying at the Orleans and I must say it was extremely good value for money. I stayed for 6 nights ($40 per night).I asked for a complimentary upgrade using the $20 tip but it didnt work as she said the rooms were fully booked but I should try again tomorrow. She gave me back my $20. I didnt bother trying again because the room I booked was good enough anyway. However I did manage to get the $5 per day resort waivered.... result!The room was quite big - 450 sq ft. It was cleaned regular and I have no complaints whatsoever. I was not able to hear a thing from outside while in room so walls were quite thick.The buffet was good and definitely better than Paris hotel! The minimums for casino tables were low which made it enjoyable. The cocktail waitress were pretty than most strip hotels and also quick service. The pools were average... nothing special.The hotel being off strip is not a problem as there is a free shuttle service to the strip which runs every 15 to 30 mins and is usually on time.I would definitely recommend this hotel if on a tight budget or if you want to try a hotel off strip. I stayed in Ballys for 4 nights after Orleans and I must say Orleans is much better!My next stay would be at Venetian this summer so I am expecting big things :)	
Mar 18 2008 	A good value	The hotel was a good value. It is a bit warn in some places but the rooms are clean and the staff is attentive. I would stay there again in the future. It is slightly off the strip and it costs about $10 - $20 each way for a cab to the strip.	
Mar 16 2008	My favorite for our yearly trip to Vegas	Ok everyone should try one of the BIg Strip hotels to get them out of your system. But if you go to Vegas frequently stay here! Off of the strip but u can get there easily. Rooms are basic, but clean and comfy. Room service is yummy! The spa and workout room are pretty good. I've had several massages at The Orleans and they were ok, but it's hard to find a good masseuse. The eating establishemnts are good at THe Orleans. I don't use any of the other hotel amentites.	
Mar 14 2008	Great hotel for the price!!	I don't understand all the people complaining about this hotel. It is a cheap hotel that is close to the strip. You cannot expect the Mandalay Bay. I've stayed at the Riviera and the Flamingo and they are similar. The rooms are large and yes they do need updating, but everything was clean. There were two beds. The first one by the door was by far not as comfortable as the second bed, which was wonderful. The A/C is loud but not any louder than any other hotel at this price range. I loved it because it gave me white noise to sleep to. YOU ARE IN A CITY.. stop complaining that you can't sleep in total silence. The shuttle was always timely and we never had a problem with it being too full. It is super convenient. It drops you off right by cesars palace. The Courtyard Cafe in the hotel has THE BEST sticky bun french toast i've every had. (well i've actually never seen that before so it's actually the first i've ever had) It was fantastic. There was one problem, the hot water was out for about 20 minutes at about 11pm on Tuesday. I called the front desk and they said they were fixing a leak and it would be back on in 20 min. Which it was promptly.	
Mar 11 2008	Orleans passes the test again	As usual, we found the Orleans to be one of he best values in Las Vegas. Big rooms, clean, good gaming odds, lots to do, just far enough off the Strip to be convenient. A strong selection of good restaurants. Movie theater, bowling, and more. They do have a smoke removal problem, and have discontinued their guest coupon book.	
Mar 9 2008 	Excellent stay at The Orleans	Absolutely loved the Orleans. The value cannot be touched by any of the strip properties. We had a rental car so navigating the 2 mile trip to LVBLVD was not really an issue. We found the staff to be friendly and helpful. Housekeeping was excellent. Parking was plentiful. The standard rooms were huge. The hotel was exceptionally clean. The only negatives we found were: 1. The French Market Buffet is mediocre at best. 2. The rooms could be soundproofed a little bit better. All in all though a great off-strip property.	
Mar 8 2008 	Wow couldn't beat the price.	We had to find a place to stay cheap in a hurry and we booked thru i4vegas.com and we got rooms for $33 Thurs and $54 Fri and Sat nite. I asked for a fridge to hold my medicine, and they were prompt and friendly. They had a $5 resort fee for entrance to the spa and fitness center that we did not use. This fee also covered local phone calls and coffee maker and computer useage in the business center. They said you got 30 mins of free computer use, but DH went waaaayyyy over that time and they didn't say anything. The room itself was nice and clean, and my DD was wearing white socks and they were still pretty white after her walking around the room. Yes, the bed was a bit hard, but clean. We had a n/s king, with a desk and a sofa and an another chair with a nice coffee table. Bathroom had nice goodies. Shampoo, soap, conditioner, lotion, shower gel AND mouthwash. Shower cap too! The safe was in the bathroom and it was plenty big and secure for our electronics. We had a nice view of the strip. Although, I would try to get a room a bit further from the elevator, because we had some drunken fight going on around 4:45 am - ugh. Housekeeping didn't quite understand when we said we only needed shampoo and a few towels, she kept trying to make up the room. If you sign up for their club card, you get a coupon for a free breakfast or lunch buffet. The breakfast buffet was pretty average, powered scrambled eggs, and an busy omlette station. I was impressed with the sweet potato pancakes. Parking was a bit difficult, but I attribute that to a large convention and valet wasn't bad. I would say this is a hotel that is good for someone who is in Vegas with wheels. The shuttle drops you off at Bill's (formerly Barnaby Coast) across from Caesars. The wait for food at TGIF was a bit much. Apparently they had a brand new menu and was still learning how to cook it. Never got a chance to try the slots. The line to check in was pretty good when we checked in, but when we were going to check out late Sat afternoon, the line was long. Apparently, they have a bowling center and a child care center that guests can use. Our DD was too young, must be 2.5 and potty trained, but it may be helpful for others. I called a service from the Concierge from another property and was quoted $45 an hour, 4 hr min. For the price, I feel like we got an excellent deal and I wouldn't mind staying at the Orleans again.	
Mar 4 2008 	A good choice for an off Strip Hotel	Having stayed at the Orleans in the past I knew that it was a nice property with large clean rooms and a pleasant casino. Check in was smooth and I recieved a room on the 10th floor with a strip view. Clean room, good climate control, and a safe that was bolted down. I had read in previous reviews that the safes were not secured. This has been addressed.The gaming is not quite the same as it was prior to Boyd taking over, but the tables were busy, and I enjoyed the VP at the bar with good bartender service.I rent a car, which is recommended if your stay off strip. It allows much more flexibility than the shuttle to the strip can provide. I ate late night at the coffee shop and the service was quick and pleasant. I also ate at Don Miguels for the 1/2 price appetizers. Service there was not as nice, but the food was good. I've had a good experience having dinner there in the past.Overall the Orleans is a good choice if you want an off strip hotel that is not too flashy like Rio or Palms, but not a dump like Terribles.	
Mar 3 2008 	Great hotel for the price!	This was our fifth time to Vegas. We have stayed at Bellagio, Mirage and Stratosphere in the past. We spend very little time in our room, but the room was what we want in a hotel room - clean, roomy, good safe, coffee maker, iron, etc. The rest of the time we go to whatever hotel we want to gamble or go see shows in. The price you pay to take a taxi to where you want to go from the Orleans added to the the large amount of money you save when booking this room still comes out much cheaper then staying on the strip. You can still spend your time on the strip in those hotels during the day and not pay the huge room fee for staying there.The Orleans does have a free shuttle, but we did not try it.We arrived late on a Thursday night and had to wait about 10 minutes to check-in. The room we had pre-booked (King nonsmoking) was not available, but they gave us the offer to switch to 2 queens n/s with a better view. That was fine.The room had a safe plenty big (laptop fit inside). They have a business office where you can use a computer (charge per minute and to print). We just wanted to print our boarding passes and after we used the business office, I noticed a machine you could use (for a fee) just for boarding passes and check-in just off the main casino on the way to the elevators.It was a busy weekend (Nascar) but we could always find room at a table game (even the $5 minimum black jack). The hotel had a live band each night. They did cover music (70s, 80s, 90s, current) and it was very good.The 24 hour courtyard cafe was excellent for breakfast and either no line or a short one when we went. Don Miguels had 99 cent margaritas and half price appetizers from 2-6. This was a great deal. The appetizers are very good and big enough for a meal. We spent a total of $12 and got 2 margaritas, nachos and queisedas.The sports book is nice enough. We had planned to go to another hotel if we wanted a nicer one, but it met our needs. You have to pay $2 for the Daily Racing Form, but if you turn it back in when you are done, you get your $2 back.Check out was easy and we never had to wait in line to catch a taxi. We didn't swim in the pool (still a little early in the season), but we went out to look at the area and sit in a chair and it seemed like a nice pool area.Our room was cleaned promptly each day. The toilet, shower and bathroom mirror and sink area is all one, so it kind of stinks if someone is going to the bathroom, you can't really be in there doing your hair/make-up or whatever. It also used a sliding door to the bathroom area which wasn't the greatest. The shower was nice and hot and lots of water which is always important!For the price we paid, we were very satisfied with the Orleans. Next time we go to Vegas, if we get a good price, we would definately stay here again.	
Mar 2 2008 	Went downhill	We stayed at this hotel in in 2004 or 2005. We enjoyed so well that we decided that on this trip in 08 we'd do it again. Room was clean but worn. Beds were very hard. A lot of complaints about the key to the rooms not working properly. This also happened to us. Went to the spa for a message therapyst was late for the appointment . She then quit at her regular time. I used the hot tub and steam room which need the mold knocked down. Please note that I didn't complain because all issues were minor that mounted into a larger issue. You get what you pay for here. Not very pricey so if you are on a limited budget it's clean enough. Stay away from the spa . Machines were also very tight.	
Feb 29 2008	Just to little to far out	I thought i'd book this hotel to try and save a few pounds, but it backfired slightlyFirst of all as far as the hotel goes its ok. Its a huge complex and completely (as the majority of hotels in LV). Its clean and the room service prices are reasonable. The casino is like every other casino in LVHere's where we went wrong. The hotel is around 40 minutes walk from the strip, but in the summer heat its not easy and we could only manage it oncep- it slike walking next to a motorway the whole way!Its around $10 for a taxi to the strip- a journey that we did twice on some days. I think this hotel is slightly cheaper than the strip hotels, however it was a fasle economyI would give this hotel 75/100 for cleanliness, location and staff friendliness	
Feb 29 2008 	Very Roomy and quiet	I stayed there when I came to Vegas for the Las Vegas Bikefest motorcycle rally. The room was large and the hotel was very quiet. My only complaint is that I asked for a smoking room with a king sized bed and when I arrived all they could provide was a non smoking with two queen sized beds. It is a couple of miles off the strip which I liked because I had a rented Harley and wanted easy access to and from parking plus somewhere I could keep an eye on the bike. The staff was pleasant and friendly with housekeeping speaking to you whenever they saw you in the hallway. I would stay there again.	
Feb 28 2008 	Good stay	I enjoyed everything about this hotel. The rooms were spacious, the housekeeping was prompt, the food was good and the staff was courteous. The check-in was listed at 3pm but they let me check in at 9am. I paid about 50 dollars a night but it seems like the rates are going to go up later so you better check-in soon. Their was some kids in the hotel but they were mostly in the buffet area. The only lows were that the beds were a little hard and the place was smokey some. I would love to return to this hotel.	
Feb 22 2008 	Still one of the best values	The Orleans is one of the best choices in the valley for good quality accommodations, amenities and service at competitive price, but does require a car since it is a couple of miles from Las Vegas Boulevard (though there is a free shuttle service to the centre of LVB). Parking is plentiful and does not involve long walks to the hotel towers. Dining choices are many and varied, all of reasonable standard although unremarkable. The Prime Rib Loft is a good value mid-range offering. With 2500+ rooms off the tourist path, there are deals to be had although the hotel is popular with regular visitors. If available for &lt;$80 you have a bargain, but off season and away from major conventions it can go as low as $35 direct or (undisclosed) even less with consolidators. Regular rooms are 500sqft with writing desk, separate seating area with easy chair, three seat couch and marble table, plenty of storage, conventional TV in armoire setting, king or two queen size (very comfortable) beds, bathroom with hanging storage, granite counter tops, separate toilet and shower, sliding door to main room.Only a couple of criticisms : Pillows are particularly poor. Air conditioning is stand alone under the window and noisy - no problem in winter but can be troublesome otherwise. Some may find the New Orleans theme a little cheesy, but in the context of Las Vegas it is far from offensive.Interestingly and not in common with other Boyd properties, the soundproofing in the hotel towers at the Orleans is exceptional.Highly recommended for budget conscious travellers who expect good, reliable full service hotel standards.	
Feb 21 2008 	Should be imploded already	Had to write about this hotel. Stayed there Feb. 13 - 17 on the 19th floor. Plus side, it's clean and the shuttle service is good (when they are not changing their minds which bus goes where). The front desk did admit to bed bugs but I never saw any. They DON'T HAVE a Concierge service in the hotel, although they have people in a room that say they will help you and then refused to book any tours. They were lazy as could be. I had to go to another hotel to get some co-operation. They nickel and dimed us. Took off first night and credited it back at less money and can't find what's wrong in their books. The bartenders are rude (especially when you have complimentary tickets for a drink). Food is terrible at any restaurant you go to in this hotel. Tried a couple of them. Did not see anyone win at any table or slots. Everyone admits that they are very tight at this hotel. On the plus side, room was cheap and really quiet, although there were tons of kids running around. They did agree to get the $5 a day tax (for resort fees!!!) taken off (I did ask nicely) but they were very disrespectful later and told me next time things would be different. No way to talk to guests. I would not stay there again even if it meant paying more money somewhere else. Never know, next time they may have bed bugs! Yuck!	
Feb 20 2008 	nice	We spent a long weekend at The Orleans in Las Vegas. It was the first time we stayed off the Strip and it was very nice. The room was large, with a king-sized bed and an area with a sofa and an easy chair. The bathroom had plenty of space and nice toiletries, and was kept very clean. We tried the cafe and the Rib Loft and both had excellent food. The price on a weekend was a lot less expensive than anything you'd find on the Strip. I had to call housekeeping for a clean blanket and they were very prompt in bringing us a clean one and very apologetic about the dirty blanket. I would recommend this hotel and would stay there again.	
Feb 19 2008 	February Good Time	We arrived at the Orleans on Wednesday February 13. Check in was fast and friendly. We were on the 19th floor. Room very nice and clean. We have stayed at the Orleans our last five trips to Vegas, so that tells you how we feel about the place. We used to be down town people (Golden Nugget) but decided to give the Orleans a try. We have not been down town in two years.Wednesday was very windy and it was loud on the 19th floor but the wind finally calmed. The remote was not working called room service and they had a new remote to our room within 10 minutes. We ate at five of the eating establishments - no compliants. We will stay again at the Orleans, we are planning our next trip.	
Feb 16 2008	Great Las Vegas Hotel	We took a Valentine trip to Las Vegas and stayed at The Orleans. We were very satisfied with this hotel. The rooms are very spacious and include a sofa and chair. The bed and pillows were comfortable.The most important thing was that it was VERY CLEAN and the staff quite efficient. Check in and check out was very easy and quick. There is a Mexican restaurant on the casino floor. From 2-6 pm appetizers are half price and margaritas are 99 cents. Where else can you get a quesadilla for $3.50, plus it was very tasty!!! All in all, our stay at the Orleans was very enjoyable and we'll go back again.	
Feb 13 2008	Hated The Orleans!	I just returned back from a stay at The Orleans. We had a cheer competition over the course of 5 days. There were a lot of teenagers and children there for the competition on top of the already numberous amounts of children vacationing there with their families. The first day we got to The Orleans, we arrived at 6:30 in the morning. We couldn't check in until later that morning, 10 a.m., so the front desk had us turn our luggae into the bell hop holding room and the bags would be delivered to our rooms once we were able to get into our rooms. The bad vibes came instantly after that. All the luggage in our group were put into designated rooms, but everyone had to scramble on their own to get their suitcase. Someone in our group had a bag that was lost and when she asked the bell hops they were rude and said they had to wait another hour before looking for her bag! The smell of the hotel was herrendous! It smelled of stale cigerette smoke and the sewer! The sewage smell was coming from all angles! The bathroom sink and the water smelled like it was coming straight from the septic system! And not too mention the hallways and all public spaces smelled llike a sewer! There was a bunch of people in our group that cought a bug. Hotel staff claims it wasn't food, so it had to have been something in the air conditioning. Someone in our group reported that there was a burning smell that came out of the outlets on the wall. It was reported twice and only once was the problem looked at. And, the best one yet, children aren't allowed to stand close to the poker machines and slots. But, the escalator that goes up to the arcade and movie theatre was 15 ft. away from the machines! Families would wait at the bottom of the escalators for other people and security made them move else where to for the rest of their party! The service there sucked, housekeeping didn't do a good job at making sure enough towels were left in the room and the front desk people moved so slow it was impossible to get any information!	
Feb 3 2008 	Tired in Vegas	First, I'd like to say that I stayed at the Orleans for NYE 2006. The first night I arrived, I discovered that the bed was very hard and woke up with a sore back and neck. Upon reporting the problem to reception, they immediately apologized, moved me to a &quot;soft&quot; room which had a very comfortable bed, and my troubles were over.I booked another stay at the Orleans through a package deal with USAirways the last weekend of January 2008. Prior to confirming my reservation, I called the Coast Casinos reservation line to ask about the bed situation. The representative informed me that every bed in the Orleans Casino had recently been changed out and replaced with very comfortable pillow top mattresses, so I should have no problem.Upon arrival, I checked the bed first thing and couldn't believe that the mattress was very hard again! I called reception, but this time there's &quot;nothing they can do&quot; since the Casino is under new management (Boyd Gaming) and all the beds are now the same in each room. I called USAirways to try and upgrade to a different hotel, but there was &quot;nothing they could do&quot; about it.After tossing and turning most of the night and waking with a very stiff back, on Saturday around 7 a.m. I kept hearing this slamming and rattling sound every 5-10 minutes. Another hour of this, and I was convinced that my room was next to some hallway door that was constantly opening and closing, but when I looked out into the hallway, there were just a number of other rooms. Apparently, all of the doors slam shut and rattle back and forth a few times before closing completely.Exhausted after my first night in Vegas, I called Orleans reception again. &quot;Nothing they can do.&quot; I called USAirways again and they escalated the situation to a supervisor, who informed me there was &quot;nothing they can do.&quot; I went down to the business center, looked up available hotels and booked my second night at the Paris Casino. Before doing that, I called Paris and Housekeeping told me that they could put a &quot;cell foam pad&quot; on any bed that felt too hard. I took them up on it, and it worked perfectly the second night.Unfortunately, I had to forfeit my second night at the Orleans since there was &quot;nothing anyone could do.&quot; If you're accustomed to &quot;pillow top&quot; mattresses and need a softer bed in a quiet room to sleep well, this Casino will likely leave you very disappointed. The hotels on the Strip are more expensive, but I will always stay at one with better service that can accommodate my needs next time. Lastly, I'm attaching a picture of the &quot;pillow top&quot; mattress that I was assured I would be sleeping on before booking my reservation. Honestly, there should be a law against this!	
Feb 1 2008 	Great Stay	I recently spent 2 nights at the Orleans and I have no complaints. Check-in was quick. The room was large. I was alone but had two beds, a couch and a chair. The bathroom was also a good size. The room included a free safe and internet access for a price. Parking was not that big of an issue since it was a slow time and the lots were never that full. The hotel has plenty of eating options and a free shuttle to the strip if you don't have a car. I paid $60 per night and felt I got a good value for my $. I'd return in the future.	
Jan 29 2008 	Orleans is clean basic accommodations	Just returned from three nights. Stayed at Orleans for the first 2 nights. First the good: Check in was quick and efficient. Staff was friendly. Room was spacious just like pics on their website. Lots of dining options on the property. If you don't have a car, you still can eat. (we had a car but a strip shuttle is available if needed.)Now the bad: Bed not comfortable to me. Hard and mattress not as comfy as many hotels we stay in. The pillows are BAD. Kind of like airplane pillows on steroids. We asked for three more to be delivered to the room and a courteous housekeeping staff member brought them promptly. But, I bet they paid a buck a pillow. Bring your own! The bathroom has a sliding door and while spacious enough, it should have a door between the potty room and the sink for privacy. Be sure to close the bathroom door at night or else you will wonder where all the light streaming from the bathroom in the morning is coming from. It is coming from the cute little window in your bathroom! Overall this is a good budget hotel and we booked because I have been to this hotel several times just to play. This time I could win nothing in several days of slot playing. They have tons of video slots but most people seemed to be winning nothing. I know they must pay, but didn't this trip at all. THey have a busy and good poker room too. Overall a good value, but I will stick to the strip again next time for my hotel portion of the trip unless they want to give me really really cheap rates again.	
Jan 27 2008	Very good Value	Nice property, a little old now but very good value for the price. The room are big and nice. The only drawback were a weird smell from the bathroom sink and the heating system that are very noisy (but you don't need it in summer ;).They have a shuttle that goes to the strip and it is very convenient if you don't want to drive at night. Unfortunately, it is often full.	
Jan 21 2008 	Ew! Bed Bugs!	We were booked at this hotel for a company meeting. When we arrived, the casino and registration desk looked ok, but just not like the strip hotels that are much nicer.The second night of our stay, I woke up to find a bed bug on my shoulder. I immediately went back to the bed to find two more. I contacted the hotel desk - it seemed like they probably got this all the time because they didn't really react to my problem. They did move me to another room (which I had to stay because my entire company was there). I felt like I had things crawling on me the rest of my stay.The bathrooms were kind of dingy - the sink was in the room with the shower so two people really couldn't get ready at once. There was mold growing on the ceiling next to the bathroom door (I assume because people keep the door shut while taking a shower).The bathroom door wouldn't lock either.Overall NOT impressed. Moved to NY NY the next day (on our own time) and had a MUCH better experience.	
Jan 13 2008	Large Rooms Beautiful Decor...	My husband &amp; I stayed at The Orleans for 5 nights, being this was our first trip to Vegas we wanted see more of the strip and spent alot of time/money on waiting for the shuttle or via taxi. I have nothing bad to say about The Orleans. You can go Bowling, movies, spa, sauna, &amp; plenty of dining choices without leaving the hotel. Excellent Hotel!!! Just would stay closer to the strip next trip....	
Jan 12 2008 	Good value - large rooms	I was already in Las Vegas at a condo and needed to stay 1 more night. The Orleans had a great rate for the 1 night I needed. The room was large. Nice decor. But don't expect anything like Wynn's. I have stayed at most of the hi end hotels on the strip. This was above average for the price paid. The room itself was very clean. No noise. No smell of smoke. Housekeeping provided extra linens on request. The front desk people were friendly and helpful. When I made the reservations I was told of the resort fee. They made it very clear. I asked if the fee could be waived and they said no. At the front desk there is a sign posted advising of the $5 resort fee. The fee included use of pool, business center, free local and toll free numbers, and in room coffee. All A-list hotels on the strip charge about $1 per call for phones. Internet was free at the business center. I used the unlimted local calls for dial up internet access. I do not condone the resort fee and always ask that it be waived. The buffet is average for low budget buffets. I ate at Sahara buffet earlier in the week and it was about the same. The prime rib in the dining room was good. The in room coffee is not Starbucks quality. The machine was new and did require running many cups of water thru to eliminate the plastic taste. The coffee itself does not seem to be hi quality. For comparision, the coffee in most Marriott Hotel rooms is better, but still no where near Starbucks. If you want a good cup of coffee, go down to the lobby and buy Seattle Best. The cost for SBC in the hotel is above the street price. I have found that to be the case in all the hotels. The hotel provides transportation to the strip, but the wait can be long. It is much better to have a car if staying here. In summary, I found the hotel to be pleasant and a good value and would recommend staying here.	
Jan 6 2008 	Great Value	Great hotel off the strip. Plenty of parking fairly close to the hotel (no long walks). We were only there for one night but are actually returning again next week (business trip). Rooms are very large with either a king bed or 2 queens. Rooms also have a separate sitting area with sofa, chair, &amp; coffee table. Our room was on the third floor facing the strip so we had a decent view. Floors above the 5th or 6th floor would probably be even better. Beds are comfortable, pillows are small so we asked for a couple of extra ones (no problem). One minor problem is that our room had the standard &quot;straight&quot; shower curtain rod instead of the newer curved ones. Did not use internet access in the room but it appeared to be the wired type and overpriced in my opinion.Had dinner in the buffet and it was good. We will probably skip it this next trip and just go out to a local's restaurant for dinner. It's good, it just tends to cause you to overeat.Did not gamble on this very short trip but the casino seemed nice. Did not use the spa, fitness center, or pool area this trip.We have previously stayed at the Sun Coast Hotel in Vegas which is another sister property located in Summerlin (@ 8 miles from the strip). Both are great properties.	
Jan 6 2008	The Orleans: Great Value but maybe not on New Years Eve.	Stayed at The Orleans for 4 nights beginning on New Years Eve. This is a great location for the price. It is not right on the strip, but they provide a shuttle to the Strip every half-hour until 12:30 am. However, NOT ON NEW YEARS EVE. Vegas blocks off the strip for a giant street party on New Years Eve so the last shuttle is about 5:30 pm. If you stay at The Orleans on New Years Eve you need to plan on leaving the property early for the Strip. After about 6 pm a taxi cannot even get you close. Also, it is almost impossible to get a taxi after the fireworks. The Orleans has many excellent places to eat at a budget price. The rooms are large and the staff is very responsive. We had a problem with the sink and called for maintenance. They showed up almost immediately to fix it.I did not like the Poker Room, however, because they clearly cater to a large group of regular players. In their tournaments they rake off a portion of the entry fee to pay a $100,000 prize to the best poker player of the season. Unless you play there 3 or 4 times a week for several months you will not qualify for this award.I will stay there again, but not on New Years Eve.	
Jan 5 2008 	Fallen by the Wayside	First of all at check-in I was informed that there will be an additional charge of $5.00 a day for services that I hadn't plan to use. Second, the heating unit in our room was busted and kept us up all night. After complaining the following morning, a maintenance crew came and replaced the unit. However, during the middle of the second night that unit went out also. Early that morning, a crew was sent to replace the unit along with the thermostat. The problem was finally corrected and we were finally able to get some sleep. The hotel however, never offered a room change or voucher for a meal or anything. Thirdly, we attempted to utilize the wifi service which was a joke. Why? We were only able to get about 20 mins. of usage at a time before we were kicked off and had to reboot. After day two, we called for assistance and was told that the problem would be rectify. Guess what? It wasn't but we were still charge $11.99.The food quality has really diminished. I stayed here about three years ago and came home bragging about the buffet. I was very disappointed with what I ate this visit (breakfast and lunch).However, one thing hadn't changed. I was still unable to win anything gambling (table and slot). Lastly, the morning of my departure on the way to breakfast near the elevator, the cleaning crew was scrubbing the carpet where someone had defecated. Talk about a messy trip! I was told that the hotel was under new ownership and I really saw a difference. We will definitely NOT stay again.	
Jan 5 2008 	It was disheartening!	We had our family reunion at the Orleans a few years ago and it was an experience and stay that most of our relatives; reflect back on and remember what a wonderful reunion we had that year in Las Vegas to this very day.A couple of weeks ago has shown what a couple of years of neglect will do for what was once a three, if not four star hotel, at a remarkably reasonable price hotel on the southern end of the famous Las Vegas strip.We stayed from Monday, Christmas Eve through Monday, New Years Eve and the experience was something out of a vacation from hell skit.Upon check in on Christmas Eve, we had the pleasure of trying to sleep in a room who’s HVAC system would rival a semi-tractor trailer’s Thermo-King unit! It was a disaster! No longer able to stand the noise any longer, a trip was made to the front desk at 6:30am. No, no offer was made to move us to another room, but they “would send someone from engineering” up to the room to look at the matter at hand.We spent the entire Christmas morning with the maintenance staff while we witnessed an “HVAC unit and thermostat” exchange. It was well after 1:00pm when we finally had our room back to ourselves. It may have been 2:00pm when the room finally warmed and our hearing returned. Yes, that unit was that loud the previous night!The “New Unit” was a bit quieter that the unit that was swapped-out, but not by much. Well, this reprieve last for one day.And then there was the Wireless Internet for $12 a day. Just be prepared to get about 5 minutes of normal usage out of it before you will spend hours of not getting a signal, or if you do, losing it consistently. Our record had to show about fifty to seventy times of logging onto the server on a daily basis. All of these attempts in the name of finding a sporting event that was not listed in the local directory. Want to check your emails? Forget about it! Just check them when you return home, on a SECURE server!It was Thursday morning now and we placed another call to the front desk because the HVAC system was extremely loud and noisy. We were again, privy to not only one, but two separate maintenance crews that morning. We finally had a “normal” HVAC system for Friday, Saturday and Sunday. Too bad we checked out Monday morning……………While Checking out Monday morning, we were never asked if any of our issues were resolved to our satisfaction. We were not compensated for the $48 wireless charge which only gave more than 20 minutes of continuous uninterrupted service on Saturday between 4am and 6am. The rest of the wireless experience was an embarrassment to the Boyd’s Gaming chain!We were not offered any discount for housing some of the hotels staff for two mornings, while addressing a problem that no guest should ever have to. We are shocked and very disappointed by our treatment and the condition of the Orleans in this day and time. I don’t if we will witness an implosion of it from our local newscast anytime soon, but that was the LAST TIME we will set foot in that place again ever!We come to Las Vegas 3 times a year. We know a lot of people who know we visit that often for so many years now. When they ask, they will be told to avoid the Orleans at all cost unless you’re just looking for place to flop-out for the time you will spend in Vegas to party. And party hard!By that last and closing statement, and this is not a lie, someone turned to hallway outside of our room into a toilet. Yes, the number two was in the entire “lounge seating area” right outside of our door! Do the hotel security cams in the hallways really work?	
Jan 5 2008 	Slot Tournament at The Orleans	We (husband and I) stayed at The Orleans to play in a slot tournament. We received an offer for $99 which included the slot tournament entry fee and a 3 night stay. There is also a $5/day resort fee which includes access to their spa and 30 minutes a day free internet service. There are several restaurants, something for everyone from The Prime Rib Loft to Terrible Mikes (fast food). Everyone we encountered there was very friendly. The rooms were big enough and featured a small sitting area with loveseat. Bathrooms featured a small window off the shower which was nice to let in fresh air. We had a non-smoking room but we could smell smoke when walking through the hallway. The Dancing with the Stars tour was performing there and that was an awesome show! Even though The Orleans is off the strip we would definitely stay there again. They offer free shuttle service to the strip and to the Gold Coast. We never had trouble getting on a shuttle.	
Jan 3 2008 	Nice Off Strip Hotel	This hotel is a very good family-friendly option if you don't mind staying off the Las Vegas Strip. The rooms are clean and spacious. Various dining facilities include a decent buffet, japanese/chinese, TGIF, Subway, various bars, and an all-night diner. On-site, there is a bowling alley, movie theaters, kiddie play area, video arcade, spa, and, of course, the casino to pass the time. Did not use but from our room the pool area looks really nice with a large jacuzzi and even kiddie pool. You could spend a whole day just on the property if you wanted. They do have a shuttle to the Strip (Bill's Gambling Hall stop) which we did not use. Some negatives: The key cards required a few attempts before the door opened. Family-friendly to a point - it's still Las Vegas and the casino air is smokey as most are. One odd thing re: our bathroom : It had a sliding pocket door that did not lock and you had to open a small window in near the bathtub for ventilation. Not a huge issue for us, just odd.	
Jan 3 2008	Great Christmas bargain	Off the strip bargain. And easy shuttle to the strip. We had a huge room with two double beds for $56!! The hotel is clean, quiet (once you leave the casino) and comfortable. View of the mountains. The hotel is connected with a Casino, but also has a nice exercise room and spa, a large movie theater, bowling alley, arena and several stages and show spaces. We went to a great New Year's eve brunch at the Mardi Gras room.	
Dec 31 2007 	A great place to stay.	We had a good time at The Orleans. The rooms were clean and comfortable. The buffet was good. Don't care much for the $5 daily resort fee, especially when we did not use any of the amenities associated with it. Nice large casino. Everything is laid out well. Lots of room. All things considered well worth the very reasonable rooms rates. We will stay here again.	
Dec 31 2007 	A Great Deal	This was the second time my family and I chose The Orleans for our Vegas vacation and we were not sorry. The rooms and bathrooms are large and attractive enough. Housekeeping is good. They must have replaced the beds because they were much more comfortable than I remembered them being. This is a very family friendly place with MANY decent well-priced restaurants, bowling alleys, movie theaters, a childcare center, an arcade, and a very large, friendly casino. No, there is not an extremely high level of service but when my son got sick at 2:00 AM and I called housekeeping to change the linens, two women were there within 5 minutes of my call. This is not an upscale place but it is very nice. For this price you cannot expect the Ritz but the Orleans certainly delivers a lot. The pool area looked very nice but it was too cold during our visit to use it. I do think that it is advisable to have a car in Vegas if you want to see the sights on your own and especially if you are staying in a property off the strip.	
Dec 30 2007 	Great for the Family (@ $11 bucks a night)	As a former resident of Vegas I try to sample different hotels when I travel back. I have a family , so friendliness towards children is a much. This time at th Orleans was excellent. We had an upgraded room, and thanks to coupons I had from one of the online sites, paid 11 bucks a night for the week before Christmas. It would have been a decent value upto $65 or so. Nothing bad to report.	
Dec 27 2007 	Families Welcomed	This Hotel is fabulous! You don't need to leave the hotel if all you want to do is gamble, eat and keep the kids entertained. It's about a 5 minute drive to the strip during the high traffic hours but at other times it takes about 2min. There is also a shuttle that leaves every thirty minutes that will drop you off and pick you up pretty much in the center of the strip. But yes it's great for kids and adults. The only downfall is all the smoke in the gambling areas but hey it's Vegas and thats what you'll experience in most of the hotels there.	
Dec 21 2007	You Can Beat the Odds at The Orleans!	I just returned from my second annual trip to The Orleans and for those who are &quot;fiscally-conscious&quot; enough to stay off The Strip and use your money for gambling, this is the place to stay.Let me start with the bad stuff. Only 18 of our 50 states are totally smoke-free and I live in one of them. I can't take the smoke at The Orleans but that's a personal issue and the only negative thing I have to say about The Orleans.The good stuff.1. Our room rate was under $40 a night. I understand this is a special rate offered between Thanksgiving and Christmas which is the slowest time of the year in Vegas. Call the hotel they will tell you about it 2. The Orleans offers one-stop vacationing under one roof.3. There is an 18 screen movie theater with the latest releases. We saw I Am Legend which was released December 14, 2007.4 There is a bowling alley-I don't bowl, can't vouch for this5. There is a Chinese restaurant with the best won-ton soup (get the big bowl size) and a happy hour where the appetizers are reduced by 50%.6. There is a day-care for your children and an arcade-can't vouch for these I didn't use them.7. The elevators are fast I never waited more than 45 seconds for an elevator. I was on floors 1-98. Decent view in rooms numbered 01-45, even numbers only, For instance room 638 and 606. You get the mountains and a view of the strip, although there is a parking lot right below.9. VERY LOOSE SLOTS!! This place is frequented by &quot;the locals&quot; and I now understand why. The Orleans was running local television advertisements promoting the &quot;loosening of their penny slot machines.&quot; It's true; the people I was with were winning in the hundreds of dollars on penny slots!!!10. There are several different restaurants in this entertainment complex;: there is a buffet, a prime rib loft, Al's Oyster Bar, which features these big bowls of seafood dishes; I recommend the Gumbo and the Seafood Cobb Salad, TGIFridays, Ice cream, hot dogs/hamburgers, tand the Courtyard Cafe with the best link sausages. 11. This hotel is not for the &quot;shee-shee- boo boo&quot;crowd, but The Orleans is not a flea bag either. Standard Room size 450 square feet!!! This is with a King-size or two queen-size beds.12. Housekeeping did a good job. I never ran out of soap or towels. 13. The gift shop is open 24hours a day. They have gifts and goodies to sell.14. Express check out is available and can be completed via the telelvision screen.15. There is a free daily shuttle that takes you to and from the strip should you just have to go there. It runs about every 20 minutes. Make sure you get the shuttle going to The Orleans, check with the driver before boarding.16. There is a $5 per day resort fee that covers all local and toll-free calls made from the room. The use of the internet and free printing in the business center. I was even given colored paper upon which to print! 24-hour access to the fitness center, and the use of the coffee maker in the room.17. This place is safe for single women, that would be me. 18. Pool and jacuzzi are outdoors and open year-round.Okay I&quot;ll stop now. I can't say enough about The Orleans. Going here is the perfect Christmas/Hanukah/Kwanzaa gift. I recommend The Orleans for families, seniors, college kids, the fiscally conscious, chick-trips and singles.	
Dec 20 2007 	Can't beat the price	Stayed at the Orleans for six nights. Since we have stayed there before we used a mailer from the hotel and received our first two nights free and the other 4 nights were at a casino rate of $28. When booking your trip to Vegas really watch the room rates and if possible plan your stay when the rates are low. Great rates and the promos that we received in the mail had no strings attached. We have stayed at this hotel a few times and always have had fast check in, check out, clean rooms, and wonderful service by all staff. We prefer to stay off the strip because it is soooo busy now that the Orleans Hotel is a get away from the craziness of the strip. They now have safes in the rooms which is nice and always love the elevator security staff. Enjoyed the hot tub and the restaurants. Shuttle bus was always reliable and only a 5-10 ride to the strip. Bottom line is save on hotel money and use it for other entertainment at vegas...whether it be for gambling or shows. The rooms are spacious and clean. Not as glittery as maybe the Wynn but unless you plan on spending all your $ and time in your room I would recommend to stay at the Orleans. The casino machines were very generous this time and we were able to play on Vegas $. For the average traveller to Vegas I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Dec 19 2007 	If you get the right package price this CAN'T be beat!	The Orleans...a couple of miles west of the Strip...sitting all by its lonesome.But look again! You get one heck of a deal in the price and they throw in so much. I stayed there a couple of years ago and wanted to stay on the Strip. Higher prices made me look at the Orleans again and I'm glad I did.Last summer, I stayed here mid-week for about $ 54 a night. The reception is big hotel Las Vegas style...efficient, polite and not exceptionally friendly. The lines are too long, so they have to keep moving you through the cordoned area to check you in or check you out. So you have to understand that.The rooms are GREAT! I got a higher floor this last time with higher ceilings. The room decor is unbelievable for the price...normally, you would get a Travelodge for this price. The door handles shaped like alligators are hilarious, but once inside, it's a seriously comfortable room. A few times, I decided to snooze on the bed to get my energy and wound up sleeping a little longer, it was THAT comfortable.One weird thing about the room shape: generally, bathrooms are at the entrance to a rectangular shaped hotel room. Here, bathrooms are on the outside wall, adjacent to a sitting area. That's fine...it just means your bed won't be near a window. Different, but not offensive.They charge a nominal &quot;resort fee&quot; and kick in the local calls AND use of the health club, which is pretty darn nice. Many other Strip hotels charge $ 10 to $ 15 to use the health club/spa, and that's without any services such as massages and therapies.Disadvantages are few. Obviously, it's off the Strip, so you will have to have a car or rely on cabs. I always rent a car so I walk through this mammoth property to the parking lot or parking structure and go where I want to go. The biggest disadvantage was the food that I got to sample: in my pack of coupons was a reasonably priced dinner buffet which I patronized one night. It was very poor. Oh yes, there was food in abundance, but the quality of the dishes was absolutely dismal. Bleh! The expensive buffets at the Strip hotels are much much better and worth the additional charge.Overall, this is typically an excellent value!	
Dec 14 2007 	viva orleans	Just back after 7 days at orleans in vegas.absolutely brilliant.Hotel is off the strip but runs a half-hour shuttle(free) to the strip.Buffet restuarant great value.Breakfast all you can eat was 7 dollars including tax .Eat all you can eat buffet at night was 12 dollars including tax.Imagine eat allyou can eat dinner for 6 pounds.You can just get a fish and chips in glasgow for that.Am planning to go back to vegas next year and will be staying at orleans	
Dec 9 2007 	Great Hotel and God Value	Stayed here several times and always find the hotel great value, only paid $35 for most nights during my stay, The rooms are large and comfortable. The buffet at the hotel is pretty good and although not on the strip - the free bus from the hotel only takes a short time.Would stay there again.Only negative I can think of is that the casino, can seem a liitle smokey.	
Dec 8 2007 	Very nice stay	Booked a group of 42 people to stay in the Orleans thru group reservations. Got 22 rooms and were some snags checking in. Check in process would have went quickly if the person whom recorded our reservation would have put the information in correctly. Out of the 22 rooms, 3 of them were still occupied upon entrance and the hotel staff quickly changed rooms for our guests and comped them a buffet. Rooms were nice, big and clean. Housekeeping was excellent. I personally was on the 5th floor and found the hallways and wait area outside the elevator to be very well kept. I did notice many of our group was on the 2nd floor (a smoking floor) and the halls to have soiled carpets.Used the spa on the second day and it was very lovely except for the people working on the drain in the womens shower area. The spa desk person failed to mention that a man was back there and me and my three guests put on a little unitentional show for them. You would have thought someone would have informed us that he was back there. When I complained the second maintance person told the front spa person that she should have cancelled all the treatments for the day. The desk person said it was to late and that we would have to change in a treatment room. Being that the spa has limited hours...shouldn't they have done this work during the night? The maintance man told us they knew the day before of the problems with the drains and that someone should have had them in there during the night. Oh well, massage was great and just went to my room to take a shower afterwards. The area was impressive and would most likely use it again upon return....if there are no maintance workers hiding in the shower. Kudos to the woman at the Spa desk...she was sooo very friendly and apologized for the trouble. Her friendly manner kept us from demanding any comps for our inconvience. Ate at TGIF and the buffet. Not bad...not great. Was really wanting to eat at Canal Street like we had on our last visit but the staff was rather rude when we arrived at 9:30 to try and eat. They said they were closing and acted put out if they had to seat us. Closing time is 10pm (early in my opinion for vegas standards) We chose to eat at TGIF.Drink service for games was actually pretty poor in some areas, but once one finally came around and served you and you tipped well...they came back quickly. Found the casino to be clean and a fun atmosphere. Not overly smokey like some casinos on the strip. The security at the hotel elevators was nice. Used the shuttle to the strip a few times and it was quick and efficient. Very friendly drivers!! Front desk staff was very nice and helpful..even with the above mentioned snags...they went out of their way to help. Business center had an employee that doesn't seem to like her job. Very curt and short with people. Not rude....just not inviting like we found with the rest of The Orleans employees. All in all...a good, inexpensive stay at the Orleans. We liked staying off the strip and it was easy to get to it if we wanted.	
Dec 4 2007 	Great hotel great value	We stayed at The Orleans for four nights (midweek). Through Priceline we paid $35 per night - which was a great value. The hotel is very, very nice &amp; the staff was friendly and helpful. The room was HUGE &amp; very nicely layed out. We enjoyed the fact that the hotel was not on the strip (less traffic), but near enough to be handy. If we were of amind to return to Vegas, we would stay there again.	
Dec 3 2007 	good experience	Our room was clean and comfortable with a sitting area with couch and chair where we could relax after a long day with a drink. The elevators were very quick and we found the restraunts had good food at an afordable price. We like the buffet as well as the Rio and at half the price. We had drinks delievered regularly while playing the slots. We found everything at the higher level of 3 star hotels we have stayed in.	
Dec 1 2007 	Great Hotel	Stayed 4 nights during the week, exceptional rate of $35 from hotel website (perhaps due to midweek stay), room was very nice, maid service &amp; housekeeping was excellent, restaurants at hotel offered everything you would want, 1/2 price appetizers 2pm-6pm an exceptional bargain and tasted great, went to hockey game at arena connected to hotel - The Orleans Arena - lots of fun and couldn't be more convenient, very easy property to find from Las Vegas airport, great location to access every point of city! Highly recommend. Would definitely stay here again. Had wonderful time!	
Dec 1 2007	Good Value but some irks	Stayed for 6 days the weekend after Thanksgiving. The room were large and clean and quite nice but several things irked me to keep this from being a 4 or 5 rating.I had a Deluxe Two Queens Non-Smoking room but was assigned the room at the very end of the wing, making it quite a hike to the elevator and the ice machine.The room door's auto closer must not be adjusted right because it took quite an amount of force to get the door open.The brass bathroom fixtures were showing their age with tarnish and mineral stains. The shelves over the closet area of the bathroom had chipped laminate.The safe is not bolted to any structure and so is free to be moved.During the next to last night of our stay, the air conditioner had some kind of failure and made a very loud noise when it turned on. I did not bother to call hotel staff on it cause the night time temperatures in Vegas made the air conditioner unnecessary.One of the electrical outlets was not properly mounted to the wall and so moved around when you plugged and unplugged something from it.Only the malfunctioning air conditioner was above an annoyance because it actually woke me from my sleep a few times.The Orleans is a good value for the quality of the rooms, but it does have a few maintenance issues to address.	
Nov 30 2007 	even better second time around	Second time at the Orleans , even took some friends, everyone was impressed. from the great rooms ,which are large enough to be called suites in some other casinos, to the great choice of restaurants and activities.we bowled , gambled , ate and went to the movies all without leaving the hotel. the shuttle ran on time and was handy . This time we ate at the chinese restaurant , which was fantastic, and the tgi fridays , which was excellent (especially the margaritas).A taxi from the strip cost about $7 and the only reason we went to the strip was for a comedy show at the tropicana.I will keep visiting the Orleans when I visit Las Vegas because it is great value , while being a treat to all the senses .	
Nov 28 2007 	Great Value and Service	I booked this hotel on a Sunday at $30.00 including tax. You can't go wrong there. There is $5.00 resort fee, but even this is petty for the price. That includes local phone calls (who uses a hotel phone these days anyway) and the business center, which I did use. The hotel is west of the strip, nothing really there, but they have a shuttle to the strip or you can drive. All the casinos have free parking. Check in was very quick and they gave me a large, beautiful non-smoking room facing the strip. The room was very clean, which many amenities, such as soaps, lotions, etc. There is a safe in the room also. I got myself a casino card and got a free lunch buffet, which was very good. I am not a big gambler, so I don't think I will use it to get comps, which come at $1.00 for each thousand points. The casino was quite big, but stunk from smoke. If you want to save money and don't have to be on the strip, then the Orleans will work for you	
Nov 28 2007 	Good value nice casino	We stayed 2 nights at the Orleans as part of a 7 night stay in Vegas (coming from New Zealand we wanted to experience so stayed Downtown, off-strip and on the strip).The Orleans was an excellent choice. Nice sized room, security for rooms at night, good casino and nice food choices (loved the clam chowder in Als Oyster Bar - the buffet was only okay). Think the resort fee is a farce but I was still happy with the deal and we would definitely return.Shuttle was a bit of a problem on one occassion - half the people waiting could not fit on and had to wait. We hired a car and visited Valley of Fire and the other off-strip casinos so we didn't need to use the shuttle on the second day thankfully.	
Nov 27 2007 	Good choice	I chose to stay at this hotel as I was attending concerts in the showroom &amp; am very glad that I found out about the place.The rooms are large, clean &amp; well equipped. They include a room safe, hair dryer, coffee machine, dressing area, clock/radio, sitting area with sofa &amp; armchair. The queen size bed was comfy &amp; the linen was of a good quality.There are a number of eating places in the hotel of various prices &amp; styles-the buffet is particularly good value.There is a gift shop which also stocks sandwiches &amp; snacks.The casino area is large &amp; there are plenty of machines/games for the &quot;low rollers&quot; who just want to play 1, 5 or 10 cents.It is a little distance from the strip but the shuttle bus does go regularly &amp; drops off at Bill's (Barbary Coast as was). There is also a city bus costing $1.25 which stops near the MGM. I found the hotel quiet at night (although if there was an event at the Arena this may change).Even if you are not a gambler I would suggest you obtain a Coast Club card. It costs nothing &amp; only takes a few minute to arrange, but you receive one free buffet &amp; $1 off all meals in the French Market.The $5 resort charge is something of a nonsense &amp; I would prefer they just upped the room rate, but that is a very small quibble against what is a very nice hotel.	
Nov 25 2007 	Best Deal in town	I don't travel without checking out Trip Advisor. This time we were looking for a inexpensive hotel and a nice one too. The Orleans is definately a winner! The rooms were large and beautiful. The pool and spa were relaxing. The gaming was awesome! No problems getting to the strip, there is a free shuttle from the Orleans to the Barbary Coast. If you want to go to Palms or Rio, the shuttle takes you to the Gold Coast also.. just walk across the street. So the fact that the Orleans is off the stip DOES NOT MATTER! The Orleans ROCKS!!! I won over $100.00 on the penny slots too... Have stayed here 2 times, and anytime we come to Vegas, we will be staying here... I LOVE THE ORLEANS!	
Nov 25 2007 	Well worth the price I paid	Stayed only one night on a stop over to another destination. However, I would have stayed longer and would more than likely return.For the record, I generally don't book top notch accomodations. I generally look for a place thats clean, decent, respectable and safe. This was all of them. I would much rather spend on other things than a room you spend little time in. This is a full service place with a couple of places to eat, coffee shop, fitness center, outdoor pool and an adjacent arena where you can catch big name shows. The casino is about the largest I've ever seen. Booked it on Hotwire in which you indicate a location and they pick it for you. I paid $42 plus the $5 resort fee. However, even at $47 it was a great deal. Room was clean and very big for a standard room. Twice as large as most other hotel rooms I have stayed in. Casino is huge and the hotel is large. They have a free shuttle to the strip which takes about 10 minutes so its totally worth it. I would have stayed longer if it was possible. Far exceeded my expectations considering Hotwire picked it and I really went into it blindly. Also, its close to the airport and the rental car pick up/drop off. If you are looking for low key value, this is it. If you are looking for more of a resort experience, this may not be for you.	
Nov 25 2007 	We have always liked this place however.........	we agree with 'ploughman8' that the hotel should just increase their rate by $5/night rather than try to schmooze guests into thinking they are paying for extras. The in-room coffee consists of two 6 oz individual servings of coffee. How many guests are going to be satisfied with that?? One other amenity the 'resort fee' covers is the fitness center. This is something for which I would not willingly pay extra. I do not visit Vegas to spend time on a treadmill. I can't even recall what the third insignificant item is covered by the resort fee.Orleans isn't the only hotel that tacks on a 'resort fee'. Sunset Station also does this. It leaves some guests feeling they've been slightly ripped off. If they would just increase the price by 5/night, people likely wouldn't give it a second thought.	
Nov 25 2007 	Price was right	Stayed on a Mon-Weds. Room was $35.00 a night. Check in was less then 5 minutes. Room was clean. There was a $5.00 &quot;resort&quot; fee which covered local calls and a few other minor things. The &quot;resort tax&quot; was posted in at least 2-3 places near the check-in so it wasnt a surprise. Off strip location on Tropicana, during the week traffic was crazy, and the mile or so drive to the strip between 4-7 pm frequently took 20 mins or so barring no accidents. I would not use any of the gas stations/restaurants in the vicinity of the hotel for safety reasons but the hotel property itself appeared safe and quiet. I had no contact with hotel staff other then checking in. Overall if I could get the room for under 50.00-60.00 a night I would surely stay there again. I would recommend the hotel to others.	
Nov 24 2007	Enjoyed the Orleans again!	We just came back from a couple of nights at the Orleans. We had not stayed there for a little over a year and I was a little concerned with some of the more recent negative reviews. However, I was once again pleased with the Orleans. Our room was nice and didn't seem like it was getting run-down as others as mentioned. They did charge the $5 fee but I was prepared for that. We actually like to use the spa there for the steam room and whirlpool on at least one afternoon. That and the fact that we only paid $35 a night and that made the room $40 did not mean a lot to us. So don't be put off! We also had no difficulty with the shuttle.	
Nov 23 2007 	Charges $5 a day resort fee. Be aware.	Booked the Orleans through a Travelocity special at $25/night for a couple of not-so-busy weeknights in November. It was a pretty good deal overall, though soured somewhat by the hotel charging a $5 a day RESORT FEE for all rooms. This supposedly covers in-room coffee, use of the fitness center and a couple of other minor things, none of which I used. Travelocity did not disclose this fee specifically, but I'm sure they've got some blanket disclaimer saying it's a possibility (as Priceline does). While I realize that it might still be a decent deal at $30+ taxes, this kind of practice by places like the Orleans really deserves pushback from travelers. Otherwise the hidden add-ons will only become more numerous (remember &quot;energy surcharges?&quot;), more costly, and will reach the point where rate quotes over systems like Travelocity become so irrelevant to what you really pay that they're just a form of bait-and-switch. It's also patently unfair to other hotels in Travelocity that play it straight and DON'T charge hidden fees like resort fees, as their offerings should get better play because of a cheaper all-in price but don't. This encourages the more-honest operators to lower their standards and adopt others' bad practices &quot;to be competitive.&quot; That's how these things fester. If the Orleans really needs the extra money, then it belongs in the base rate. As for the hotel, the rooms are basically OK even though some are far from the elevator bank. The casino used to be one of the best places in town to play Pai Gow poker, but they've upped the table minimums to $10 and I didn't see any $5 tables anymore. If you have your own rental car and can get a rock-bottom rate they might be worth considering (just be warned with the resort fee). However, if you're flying in and don't have a car and are there when rates are higher, it may well not be the best value.	
Nov 21 2007 	Great Value off the strip	If you can book early enough, you can get rates below $65 during the week. It's a few blocks east of the 15 but it's relatively simple to get back, and they provide a shuttle too.&quot;Chinatown&quot; is only a few blocks north of the hotel so that's a plus too if you're looking for plenty of asian restaurants (good and cheap too!) nearby.Service at the hotel is friendly and prompt. Dealers are friendly too - it's pretty cozy as the table floor space isn't that expansive. If I can't find a relatively cheap room on the strip next time, I wouldn't hesistate to return.	
Nov 21 2007 	We like The Orleans	We've stayed at The Orleans a number of times and we have always enjoyed our stays. The Orleans is roughly one-half mile off of the Las Vegas Strip and the pace is a little slower and we like that. The rooms at the Orleans are immense. The price is a bargain; we paid $35 a night for a Monday and Tuesday in November. The rooms aren't as glitzy as those on &quot;The Strip&quot; but we're okay with that. The casino has all of the games and services of the bigger casino and usually has smaller table stakes. The facility has nine restaurants, a movie theater and bowling. When we tired of gambling we went bowling and had a great time. If you want to go to the strip you can take the hotel's shuttle - it leaves every half hour. We like the fact that you can easily drive to and from The Orleans without the craziness of The Strip.	
