Nov 20 2009 	Don't waste your money on the strip	We always stay downtown. Even a low roller can get rooms, meals etc comped downtown. The Fremont Street Experience is a fantastic light show that is different every hour all evening. There is entertainment of all kinds up and down the street. You don't have to pay for transportation to get from one casino to another. The people in the casinos are friendly and take time to teach you the games if you are new to gambling. If you are farmilir with Blackjack you can play in the Party Pit in the front of the casino with young girls dealing and even a dancer. Action is fast and FUN. The rooms at Binions are being remodeled and they hope to have them all refinished by next summer. They will rival if not beat any romm on the strip with class and luxury! There is a marvelous, reasonable buffet at the Main Street Casino around the corner with a huge selection. Try downtown. You will not be disapointed!	
Nov 14 2009 	Pleasantly suprised	Received an offer for two free nights at Binions, and though what the heck, might as well take it, this also included $40.00 in slot play and 2/1 dinner. At first I was a little scared and thougth the rooms would be dumpy, but they are not, sure the room is old, the curtains were ripped and worn about by the sun, but the room was extremely clean, the washroom was a good size and there was plenty of counter space. The pool is very nice, it is very clean, not like the Plaza pool which is dirty and unkept. There are some nice chairs that you can fall alseep in. Apparently all of the rooms are being redone for 2010, do not be afaid to stay here, I stayed at 4 hotels this trip, and would rate MSS as first, Binions as second, Plaza as third and the Four Queens as last on the list.	
Nov 4 2009 	Nothing fancy but over all great location 	OK, we got a great deal of $12 a night! We did not expect much so we were not disappointed. Beds were decent, bell service was great! if you want a downtown night or 2 this is a great place. I usually stay on the strip, but wanted to try something different this time. I am so glad I did! I love downtown! The energy is different (more real), the casinos were so much fun all over Fremont &amp; the free shows on the &quot;Fremont experience&quot; streets were fantastic! The history is rich &amp; the furnishings in some of the casinos are full of beautiful old antiques &amp; chandeliers! There is so much to see, shopping is fun &amp; food is great. At our hotel, they make the best grilled cheese sandwiches! It came with a yummy potato salad &amp; a pickle. We added tomatoes to our sandwich &amp; each meal (it was a filling ,meal) was only $4! We ate it each day it was so good! (2 days). If you walk east on Fremont, you will find a small casino on the left. It has the only .25 roulette! It was so much fun to get $20 worth of chips &amp; play for a long time! You must do this walk at night so you can see all the old neon lights like the “silver slipper”, the “cowboy” &amp; many more! The pool is a roof top pool with some of the very best views from downtown all the way to the strip &amp; Mountains beyond! Beautiful pool deck area. Small pool, but nice. Stay down town! You will be pleasantly surprised!	
Oct 26 2009 	Great value for money	What a great hotel. Yes it needs updating. Our curtains were ripped, but the room was clean and the staff were friendly. No safe in the room but we rented a safe deposit box in the hotel lobby free of charge. We stayed for two weeks and my sister and I had the best time. The deli bar had reasonably priced snacks and on our last night we went to the Ranch Steakhouse which was very old Las Vegas, dark decor and button back leather booths. The food was excellent as was the service. I would recommend Binions to anyone who is looking for a place to lay your head at the end of a fun packed day. The advantage of staying downtown is that everything is on your doorstep. The rooftop pool was great and probably the best kept secret in Vegas. The round sun beds are great and there is very little shade so you don't need to keep moving around. It may be only a 3* hotel but we had a 5* stay.	
Oct 12 2009 	Very Clean	For the price it was Great! It was very clean and the staff was so nice to us! It was in walking distance of everything. I WILL go back to stay at this Hotel. It was my first trip there and I enjoyed it so much.	
Oct 10 2009 	In the heart of downtown	Our room was clean ,A/C worked great. Food from snack bar very good ...The best Ice cream cones down town. nice size room.	
Oct 9 2009 	reasonable downtown rooms	Binion's has acceptable rooms located downtown. If you can snag a cheap rate, all the better!	
Sep 11 2009 	Clean but plain rooms great rates	The rooms are very small and outdated but clean. The staff was friendly. The pool is nice and the location is good for those wanting to stay in the Fremont experience area. It was an ok stay. You can't beat the price anywhere for what you get. There is no way they could redecorate with charging such low rates. We still prefer the Fremont hotel but it was not available for our dates. We would go back but only if our first choice was not available to us.	
Jul 23 2009 	Not too bad	Being a local in Las Vegas, I do not usually stay at hotels here in town, but once a year for my birthday, my friends and I act like tourists (get silly, drink too much and figure a hotel room is a lot cheaper than a DUI and/or killing ourselves and others). When I stay downtown Las Vegs, I usually stay at The Golden Nugget (my favorite downtown hotel)- this year it was sold out so we had to stay at Binion's. The first thing I did was get on TripAdvisor and read the reviews-- I was kind of nervous about staying at this hotel after reading the reviews. BUT... it wasn't so bad. We did have a room in the newer tower (newer being probably decorated in the 70s). Our carpet did look pretty new though. The decor was shabby chic from the 70s. Yes, they still had an old tube TV and white laminate furniture, but.. overall, it was no where near as frightening as the prior reviews made it seem. To me, this hotel was a typical 2/3 star hotel. We did need extra towels and housekeeping brought them up within 10 minutes of our call. The overall feeling of the room was clean (just dated). As I mentioned before The GN is my favorite downtown hotel, but... if I ever have to stay somewhere else downtown, I don't think Binion's is a bad deal-- it was fine for the price we paid and for its location. It's downtown- and besides the upgraded light show, it's still very much back in the 70s. If you want flash and high end, stay on the Strip; you want old school Vegas, you have to go downtown!	
Jul 11 2009 	Hot time on Freemont	We stayed 4 nights at Binions in July. Actually got the room for less than $20 per night so it was a great bargin. Nothing fancy but was cool, good water pressure and had HBO on TV. The rooftop pool was nice. Did not eat any meals in Binions so cannot comment. Did not have any luck at their machines but did next door in the Freemont. I like staying downtown and enjoyed this stay very much.	
Jul 3 2009 	Has more than it's share of problems	First let's start with the positives. The staff was great and friendly. The casino is very nice with an Old Vegas feel. The rooftop pool was great.Now for the negatives. It looks like no money has been put into the rooms in over 25 years. The TV was an old Magnavox which was slow to turn on and only got 14 channels (one of which was the keno results from down in the casino). When we were the ice machine on our floor did not work for three of the four days we were there (even though we called on the first day and we met others who called as well). The bedding definitely needs to be replaced. The comforter has begun to get holes. The drapes also needed replaced, the backing had come off in spots and the light did shine through. The toilet only flushed liquids. For solids (like a #2 or toilet paper) we had to fill a trash can in the tub and then empty it into the bowl. The hotel wasn't very soundproof since we could hear the Fremont Experience from our room (which didn't bother us since we didn't go to bed before it ended around 12:30). Our next trip to Las Vegas definitely will be somewhere else.	
Jun 28 2009 	best hotel and casino in las vegas	my wife and i have been going to the horseshoe (the original name) since 1970. we have always been treated like high rollers even we are far from it. rooms are nice. but the staff is exceptional and the ambiance is old las vegas. its great!!!!	
Apr 27 2009 	Clean but Very Old	My husband and I stayed for two nights at Binions in April 2009. This hotel is very old. On one website there was a comment that said &quot;Recently renovated in 1952&quot;. We thought this was hilarious. All of the furnishings are just that....50 years old. Although like mostly everyone says...it is kept clean. Check in was the quickest I have ever had in Vegas, about two minutes. The first room we had had felt for carpeting with multiple old iron stains and a very old TV with no reception. We arrived very late so we immediatly went down to gamble and when we came back to sleep we immediatly noticed that the bed was seriously as hard as a rock. We slept there anyway for as long as we could....about six hours. All of the next day our backs and shoulders were killing us. The next morning we went to the desk and asked for a different room because of the bed. The clerk was very helpful and just nodded as if she knew about the beds. She gave us keys to another room. The second room was the smallest hotel room I have ever seen. Maybe 8X8....not kidding. Although the bed was slightly softer it was a little bigger than a twin size bed for two people. So basically we had to sleep on top of each other.Now on to the casino. This is one of our favorites in Las Vegas because the slots seem to always be loose and the tables hot with low limits. This hotel is dead center of all the action on Fremont street. We did eat one morning at the coffee shop and the food was terrible and very overpriced.So overall this is a very old hotel that is kept clean but has the worst beds possible. I would not recommend staying here longer than two nights because the uncomfortable sleeping will make you so tired that you wont enjoy your time in Vegas. But if you are looking for a room at rock bottom prices and can sleep on very hard beds then go for it. The location and the casino definetly do something to make up for the hotel rooms.	
Apr 23 2009 	great casino with $2 roulette	Let me start by saying we are casual gamblers looking for fun without blowing a great deal of money. We live close to Altantic City and are long over being impressed with fancy , shiny , plastic casinos that suck your money from your wallet the minute you walk through the door. We stayed at the Golden Nugget but found their slots tight and table limits too high. Over to Binions we went where we discovered that on weekday afternoons, Binions has $2 rolette. What a blast. We played for hours on $20.00 and got fabulous drink service. We met great people from around the country and got local insight from the incredibely friendly dealers. In the evening , when the table limit changed to $5, the &quot;boss&quot; let us and the other couple playing continue with our $2 bets. This is by far my favorite casino to gamble in. Great service and great fun! Cant wait to go back!!!!	
Apr 16 2009 	Fine	Looks like I had just about exactly the same experience as all the other recent reviewers. Got a great price--came out to $9 a night after all the promotions. The room was dated but big and clean. Service was friendly.My room faced Fremont street, so it was a little loud even on the 18th floor, not terrible but a little irritating sometimes. Also, I got a smoking room, which was not what I requested, as many others did. I checked in at midnight on a Friday, and the place seemed pretty full. so I probably got whatever was left.And, exactly like everyone else's room, the cooling was a little iffy. It seemed to work fine at night, but one day I came back to the room and it was blowing warm air, it wouldn't cool off no matter what I did. I called maintenance, they said they'd send someone up, and it worked fine when I came back that night. So either the cooling system is on its last legs or they're saving pennies by turning it off during the day when they figure everyone is out anyway.Oh, and it does have in-room coffee, which is a big plus for me. As hotel coffee goes, it was solidly above average.So, not my favorite stay in Vegas, but acceptable. If prices were about equal, I'd probably pick somewhere else next time, but for $9 a night, I'd definitely stay there again.	
Apr 12 2009 	Great value	We stayed 2 nites for $50.10. The room was clean and neat. Yes it needs refurbishing. The carpet was clean but had some staians and wear. The furniture was dated . The bathroom was old fashion but clean. The bed was comfortable.We would stay there again. Its a great location on Fremont. The front desk is slow, but the valet and bell desk are excellant. The gaming was better at 4 Queens. Better drink service. The bartender was rude and inatentive even though we were playing the poker machines in the bartop. Our room at The Flamingo on the strip was not much better. The coffee shop and snack bars are also really good and friendly service. Our room did not face Fremont St. so I can't comment on the noise some complain about from The Experience. Also don't miss the Steakhouse on top. The best there is, period.	
Apr 3 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised !!!!!!!!	Some reviews of this hotel were very negative. I always like to form my own opioion. This property far exceeded my expectations. The room was a nice size and was very clean. We had a few minor problems,but they were handled promptly.The staff was amazing and everyone there is very customer oriented.If you want glitz and glamour,stay on the strip. . My husband had a bad cold while we were there and I needed to find a drug store to get him some cold medication.The front desk clerk offered to go get it for me when her shift ended. Imagine that !! It was within walking distance for me and I did it myself. I am from a very small town and was a bit apprehensive about wandering around by my self,but I felt safe doing it.The casino was clean and the employees were helpful. They even take your picture with a million bucks and print the picture for you at no cost.The coffee shop was great. If you go there,try the country fried steak. It was the best I've ever tasted. The snack bars were great. The tuna salad sandwich was excellent. The Binion burger was good. They even give you 2 for 1 coupons.I would highly reccommend staying here. It is important to form your own opinion about these things.I absolutely loved this place. Thanks to Binion's, I had a wonderful trip to Las Vegas and we will be back..	
Mar 16 2009 	Good value for the money	Having read a number of reviews online, I was prepared for the worst but my stay at Binion's was better than I expected. Yes, the room was tired, with filthy windows, a prehistoric television, and duct tape covering a hole on the rug. But my room was clean enough, service at reception was excellent, and I had the sense that the owners were trying their best to improve things. It was too cold to swim but the pool area on the 25th floor provides an excellent, if windy, view of the city. This is not a place for a romantic getaway or to impress someone, but if you want a cheap room on Fremont street Binion's is a pretty good deal . I would stay there again if by myself, but not with my spouse.	
Mar 2 2009 	Acceptable convenient cheap	As with the majority of downtown / Fremont hotels, this place has some great deals on hotel rooms. I've also stayed at Fitzgerald's and they're pretty much the same, save that Binion's has quicker elevators.The room was a bit worn, but for a place to keep your stuff and sleep off the previous night, it's perfectly acceptable. Do not expect luxury or any extra amenities when staying here in a regular room at a discount rate.Downtown is all about some of the last remaining old Vegas vibe, and convenience - there's no way you could visit 6 or 8 separate casinos and a few bars in one night on the strip, without taking many taxicab rides - - but downtown, it's all in walking distance. It's not glitzy, it's not luxury, no floor shows or roller-coasters, just gambling, drinking, people-watching, the Fremont light shows, and regular people generally having a great time.If you want to stay downtown but step it up a star rating or two, check out the Golden Nugget, and their new pool area. While the hotel itself was just the basics, I can say that the staff at Binion's were very gracious, helpful and friendly. The coffee shop downstairs is a bonus if you like breakfast any time of day.They do offer free parking, but it's at one of the two hotel sides (and your room might be on the other side, so prepare for a bit of a walk). I thought I read that they had wi-fi, but couldn't get any sort of signal in my room.I didn't check out the pool area, so I don't have an opinion on that.I would recommend this hotel to someone who didn't want any extra frills.If you're driving to this hotel (or any downtown hotel) from the airport, I suggest driving up the interstate and taking the 2nd downtown exit, as opposed to driving all the way up the strip... The strip will almost always be jammed with traffic, and unless you arrive at rush hour or happen upon an accident, taking the interstate can save you an hour or more in getting to / from the hotel.	
Mar 1 2009 	Good stay few minor problems	This was my second stay at Binions. The rooms have a coffee maker and hair dryer. The pillows are comfortable. One day the housekeeper failed to close my door after making up the room. The curtain wouldn't shut all the way; 3 days after reporting still not fixed. Plenty of noise from the Fremont Street Experience and the crane that goes back and forth on Fremont at night to replace bulbs. Love the snack bars. The bean and ham soup with cornbread is 3.50; tuna salad sandwich with tomato and potato salad 3.95. I ate at the snack bar 5 times in a 4 day stay. I played all my craps here - dealers are very good. An excellent value; I will stay here again.	
Feb 24 2009 	Worked out great!	I was concerned after reading some of the earlier reviews written during Bionion's transition period, but I found their service to be outstanding. We moved to Binions from my conference Hotel to save money while I extended our time for some personal days. I had booked two rooms using a special rate and called to get the rooms adjoining since we were traveling with two teens (16 and 18). The day we moved hotels we took a day trip so we had a very late arrival at Binions which I called to let them know we would be arriving late. When we checked in they were out of standard rooms but offered us an outstanding suite on their 23rd floor for the same price. It had a full living room, dining room, foyer w/marble floors, two bedrooms and 4 bathrooms (2 full, 2 half). The balcony view was great and the room was more than I could have hoped for. Especially given the price. The location is also perfect if you want to be on Fremont Street. Even the valet parking was easy and efficient. No complaints from this stay.	
Feb 22 2009 	Great Stay for the price	Stayed @ Binions Feb 14th to the 18th. Booked with expedia and used one of their promos on the website which I found an awesome deal of 40 buck for the whole stay which breaks down to 10 bucks a night. The stay was fine--was on the top floor--23 on a non smoking floor--the elevators were quick and speedy considering we were on the top floor. The room was basic. Descent size--bathroom and other things work properly. The decor was older along with the tv but its nothing I pay much attention to. I'm a budget traveler who is hardly in the room except to sleep and shower &amp; considering it was 10 bucks a night it was a great value. I would stay here again in a heartbeat. The stay overall was a great value--non smoking room/floor. Had a coupon book and ate at the coffee shop with a 2-4-1 breakfast and have to say it was one of the best meals the whole trip.	
Feb 17 2009 	Yuck yuck.... and yuck	My wife and i now live near Vegas and had decided that we would 'sleep around' town and see what hotels were worth staying at. After booking a room at and staying at Binion's on Fremont street, i can say without any hesitation that this place needs to have the management horse whipped publicly! The Casino was ok, the front desk staff and valet were nice but the room.... UUUGH! This room looked like it had never been updated since 1968, wall paper peeling and there was actually black smoke residue from an apparent fire in the room and the entire hallway. $49 a night was pure robbery! DO NOT stay here... do yourself a favor, walk across fremont street, pay an extra $20 and stay at the place that has the words gold and the word nugget in it. You will be doing yourself a huge favor. Oh! And then we took some friends up to eat at the Binions ranch steakhouse (which i had eaten there twice before and was impressed!). After enduring crappy service, terrible food and an overall poor dining experience, they gave me a $250 bill! I paid it, tipped $20 (as i was doing the guy a favor at that) and swore to never give this place another dollar as long as i live. You should swear to do the same.	
Jan 7 2009 	One Night In A Mini-Suite	I love trying out new places especially downtown so I booked Binions for 1 night out of what turned out to be a 9 night stay due to snow. I only wanted to stay 1 night just in case it lived up to it's reputation! The registration gentleman could not have been nicer. He originally gave me a room on the second floor so I asked him if it was in the newly remodeled tower which he replied that the remodeling had not begun but will start in 2009. I must have looked disappointed because he looked in the computer again and said he had a mini suite available on the 12th floor, super! Well, it was not what I had envisioned. I probably would not have liked the regular rooms because the furnishings in the mini suite were old and worn. The carpet did look new, the bed was very comfortable but the bathroom was very small and the sink was so low that I couldn't imagine anyone over 5 feet being comfortable standing over the sink. As stated in a lot of the reviews, the windows were so filthy dirty that I could not get anything but a fuzzy picture of the view of the FSE. There was also a coffee maker in the room which is always a plus for me.All in all my stay at Binions was enjoyable and would not rule out staying there again but would be careful of the choice of rooms given.	
Jan 6 2009 	It's HOT...wether you like it or not	Stayed early December and the big story was the heat. Not outside, but in the room. 65 outside 80 in the room. Room never got below 78 for our two night stay. Called the front desk and was told they have a central heating sytem and the colder it was outside the warmer it got inside. So, if you stay in February, I assume the inside temp approaches 90. The room was acceptably clean but showed lots of wear. Broken lamp shades, cig burns everywhere, 30 year old TV. As everyone says, the windows are crusty and it would have been great if they opened to let some of the heat out.Got the room for around $15 a night from hotels.com. So, it wasn't a terrible value. Have stayed downtown at Golden Nuggett and Main Street Station and this a quite a step down.A bright spot was the coffee shot. Good hearty fare at a fair price.	
Dec 31 2008 	Overall Pleased	My husband and I went out in April just as a get away. We had already booked a room elsewhere on the strip, but we ended up going out a day early. Binions had a great rate available so figured we would try it and stay downtown one night. Although the rooms were showing wear, windows were dirty and bathrooms were not the best, the staff was great, beds were comfortable and the location was great. It is a great place for the amount of time that we actually spent in the room, which wasn't very much!	
Dec 29 2008 	Good place to hang your hat	Stayed here on 12/15/08. It was cold and rainy, Vegas was a virtual ghost time. No wonder I was able to get a room for only $10.This place is on Fremont St, home to the some of the oldest hotels in LV. These places( except for the Golden Nugget) tend to be smaller and less ornate than their counterparts on the Strip. They also generally cost less.This area had a reputation as a homeless haven, have noticed a lot fewer of them in the last few yrs. Ever since the Fremont St Experience was built, the area has become more upscale and vibrant .The area in front of the hotel is closed to car traffic, it's like an open air mall. Room was at the end of the hall on the 4th floor. It was big enough for 2 people. There was a door connecting it to an adjoining room. Room was very spartan, but CLEAN and comfy. Rugs , ceilings and furnishings were a little worn. View from room was of the parking lot and Fremont St light show. Show was not running and street was deserted . Don't know how loud it gets when show is running.Did not use pool or eat there.Good places eat in all price ranges within walking range. Common areas were clean. Staff was very good.Short walk to parking lot , LV BL bus stop. Double deck Duece bus runs to Strip 24/7 . $2 each way or $5 day pass.Close to Cashman Ctr ,fwys, Greyhound Terminal ,and Children's Museum. It will cost more and take more time to get to airport than if u stay on Strip.This place won't take your breath away, but it is ok if u want a place to sleep, shower ,and hang your hat.	
Dec 26 2008	You Can Do Better Than This Place	We spent a week here, and upgraded to a suite at check-in. The good part about this hotel is the staff. They were friendly and helpful. When we asked for anything, like extra coffee pods, or a hairdryer, it was delivered quickly, and with a smile. Another good thing about this hotel is that it is easy to get to the valet parking from your room, as the elevator is only steps away. The real problem with this hotel is the condition of the rooms. The windows look like they haven't been cleaned in five years. The sink in the bathroom had about 5 burn spots. Three inches of the carpet was torn and worn away at the entrance to the bath. The tile was cracked in about 4 places. The tub looked blackened in places from age. The decor was late l980's. It was pretty dreary, and smelled of mildew. A light fixture above the TV blinked on and off even after maintenance &quot;fixed it.&quot; Further, the 4th night there, someone took a screwdriver and tried to break into our room, while we were in the room. The staff and security moved us to another room, but somehow I was still not really relaxed. Oh, and by the way, the room was in no better condition. I would urge you to stay elsewhere. They badly need to remodel, and improve their security. There are WAY too many choices in Vegas to stay in a dump that is unsafe.	
Dec 3 2008 	Amazing value	Binions was by miles the cheapest accomodation on offer when we searched online so we booked through lastminute.com (travelocity) &amp; with the 3rd night free offer on our Wednesday to Friday stay cost us only £38After booking we became a little nervous as Lonely Planet told us that East Fremont Street was an unsavoury area of Vegas but when we arrived we saw we had nothing to worry about - Binions is situated amongst the Fremont Street experience which is bustling with people every night. You had to walk away from the Fremont Street experience a decent amount before we would start to feel a bit wary.When we arrived Binions hadn't been sent out reservation by Travelocity &amp; we had to wait 40 minutes before we could check into our room while they contacted them to confirm, though this didn't appear to be any fault of the hotels - there were another couple waiting for the same reason.The curtains &amp; bed throw looked a bit dated but the carpet appeared to be new &amp; it was all nice &amp; clean. The bathroom had plenty of hot water &amp; good water pressure &amp; there was a coffee maker. The bed was comfortable &amp; we didn't have any issues with sound (we were at the back of the casino facing the freeway).We enjoyed our stay so much we booked for another 3 nights which was slightly more expensive as we had to pay the weekend rate on Saturday but still by far the cheapest place we could stay.For us who were doing vegas on a budget it was an excellent location, cheap places to eat nearby with decent priced liqour stores &amp; the Deuce bus which travels up &amp; down the strip started &amp; ended its journey right at Fremont Street. If you happen to be arriving by Greyhound bus the station is within walking distance also.Definately a great place to stay, especially on a budget.	
Nov 24 2008 	Excellent stay	Just returned from a Thursday through Sunday stay at Binions. We usually stay at the Fitz or the Golden Nugget, but because we found at excellent rate online, we decided to give Binions a try this time. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We arrived around 2:30 pm on Thursday and there was no line at all for check-in. The room was pretty basic-- old furniture and an old TV, but clean and quite comfortable. My only complaint was there was VERY little water pressure in the shower. This may have been a problem in our room only, however, as my friend staying on another floor said hers was fine. Housekeeping did a great job and honored all our requests quickly and efficiently. Our room cost us a total of $89 for all three nights! If you need to be pampered, this is probably not the place for you, but if you're looking for a clean, comfortable room to crash in while you enjoy Fremont Street, Binions is definately a great deal.The casino was great -- $5.00 tables even on Friday and Saturday night, lots of good video poker, and reasonably quick cocktail service. There aren't a lot of food options here -- the steakhouse is quite good, but I would give the coffee shop about a &quot;C&quot; rating. Your only other option at Binions is a couple of snack bars offering hot dogs and burgers, etc. This really isn't a problem, though, since the surrounding hotels offer some excellent dining possibilities.Our trip was mostly a poker-playing trip. We expected a lot from the poker room and we were certainly not disappointed. The tournament poker room was great -- the dealers and tournament directors were friendly and extremely knowledgeable. They have a pretty extensive tournament schedule -- there were at least six per day, usually attracting 3 or 4 or more tables each. They have also recently opened a new, separate and very nice poker room used exclusively for cash games. Can't say enough about how much we enjoyed playing at Binions.All in all, an excellent trip. Will definitely be going back to Binions very soon.	
Nov 19 2008	It's a dump but if you paid in pennies not too bad.	It should be noted that we paid a grand total of $8 for three nights. No typo here -- comes out to less than $3/night, including taxes. At this price we weren't expecting much and got exactly that. The rooms were last renovated during the Carter administration and so to say they are very old is an understatement. The place is falling apart.However, the cleaning staff does clean the room quite well. You can see they painfully have tried to make the best appearance out of this rat hole. Bathroom was actually cleaner than some other so-called 4 stars I've stayed in LV. In-room coffee with one-use trays were available which I thought was fantastic since, again, even so-called luxury hotels in LV often don't have them! Sink was plugged up pretty badly; not much in the way of hot water for the shower. HVAC though adjustable was not really changing temps much at all. TV was very old but provided a great picture as the signal feed was superb.My room was a corner unit slightly away from the freemont street mayhem. Yes, it's noisy until after midnight if you have the wrong room assignment but for me it was pretty quiet aside from the loud HVAC which provided some nice white noise. Valet was only staffed by two or three people who double as the bell desk but extremely attentive and friendly. Clientele here consists of the degenerate class , although that argument can be said for most of the downtown hotels so not really unique to Binions. Made us feel rather uncomfortable after having stayed at other strip properties where you find more &quot;normal&quot; folks who stay at.Overall, can't really complain about the stay since we paid so little. I would be very upset paying the &quot;normal&quot; prices of $29+ /night here though so watch out for that.	
Nov 13 2008 	Beware Binion's does not honor agreements with online partners	I had a confirmed reservation through Orbitz for two rooms with two double beds or one king bed in each room Nov 2008. I got two rooms with one double bed each. When I inquired at the front desk about changing my room to what was confirmed I was told that Binion's is not obligated to agreements made through their online partners. They told me that if I wanted to complain that I would need to complain to the company that made the reservations. They told me that they would meet the stipulations of the Orbitz by bringing by two rollaway beds. I was told by the front counter that the entire hotel was sold out and there was no possibility to change rooms.The drapes were grey from lack of cleaning. There was a wiring mess next to the TV. There were poorly mended holes in the carpet and wallpaper. In the hallways there were black smudges on the ceiling near the vents. There were holes in doors that were not in use. I couldn't tell if anyone had cleaned in a long time. There was no ice machine in the tower that we stayed in. I went over to the other tower and found that there was an ice machine on every floor.The Freemont Experience was nice if you are outside on the street. From inside our room it sounded like we had an adjoining room onto a disco. It only went on until around midnight.I would not stay at Binion's ever again. I would not recommend to anyone to ever stay at Binion's. If you don't heed the advice on this review I hope you got an excellent deal.	
Nov 1 2008 	For The Price You Can't beat It	Short Business Trip:Room 1019 – $19.00 per night from expedia. The room was at the end of the hallway-facing north. You could hear the band on Fremont, but the last show is at 11:00 so unless you go to bed early this shouldn’t be a problem. The décor is ugly, but the room was clean. If you are not picky this place will do just fine. The front desk was pleasant and fast. Coffee maker in the room was convenient.	
Oct 27 2008 	Good Room good value	We stayed at Binions recently and had no problems. They allowed us to check in early, staff were very friendly, we requested a room change for a larger bed and were accommodated right away. We had god view of Freemont Street, the noise was not too loud ( as some reviews suggested) and usually quietened down after 12:30. Free coffee in the room, room was clean, parking was free and they had security in the parking garage. They have a nice little pool on the roof. For the price and in considering ow much time you stay in your room this is a good deal. We would consider staying there again on our next trip.	
Oct 8 2008 	Great Value Better Stay	We just returned from a stay at Binion October 4-6 for my wife's 30th birthday. We had a nonsmoking room on the fourth floor that was very clean and had a very comfortable bed. We were on the Fremont Street side, which from other reviews was supposed to be terribly noisy. It was even bikeweek when we were there and I did not find it to be noisy at all. The room was very comfortable and clean, that was the only thing I was needing for my stay.The hotel staff was very accomodating. We arrived at 11 am, no rooms were available until 3 pm, which we knew when we booked our flight. We patienetly walked around downtown and went back at 3, our rooms were ready for us then.The casino was very nice, the old vegas casino. It is very spacious, and the dealers were the most friendly in Vegas. And you could understand them. I would guess more than half of the dealers in Vegas speak little or no English at all.If you stay here, you must eat at Binion Ranch Steakhouse. It was amazing, both the food and the view. Simply the best ribeye I have ever ate in my life. Overall, for the price, this is the best deal in Vegas. If you need every amenity available, this is not your place. If you want a nice, clean, comfortable place to rest for a while and is easy to get aroound, this is for you. I would recommed this place to anyone, and give it an A+++++++++.	
Oct 3 2008 	great stay	after a very unplesant stay at a more upscale hotel. we left early checking into binions for four nights starting 9/18/08 as we couldn't get out of our previous hotel soon enough we arrived at binions at approx. 11: am thinking we would just check the luggasge until check-in time, to our supprise we were put in a room at once.the desk people ,valet and bellman were outstanding,the hotel is a little worn ,but clean,and comfortable,the rooftop pool is great the steakhouse is a great experiance in old vegas,as is the coffee shop.we had a fantastic stay and will be back.special thanks to oscar,and joe the bartender at the sports bar.they and others i cant remember made for a plesant stay.	
Sep 11 2008 	What a bargain!	I was pleasantly surprised when I stayed at Binion's on 9-9-08.The hotel is older than the new mega-hotels on the Las Vegas Strip, but the value more than off-sets staying at a mega-resort.The registration clerk in the morning let me check in early, which helped me enormously since I arrived at Binion's at 11 a.m., and the regular check-in time is 3 p.m.After all, who wants to carry luggage around Downton Las Vegas for four hours.The coffee shop offers cheap, but good food, and the service staff were very friendly when I ate there at 1:15 a.m. on 9-10-08.The craps table was excellent, and I will definitely stay at Binion's the next time I am in Vegas.The craps table had a $3 minimum bet when I played craps at Binion's at 6:30 a.m. on 9-10-08.On the strip, the minimum bet was $10 and $15.If you want to gamble, definitely check out Binion's!!!The hotel is old, but it was clean and the room was more than adequate for my Vegas stay.Binion's is also in the heart of the Fremont Street Experience, and if you stay there, you will be in the center of the action.Anyone who pays mega-resort prices, instead of staying at Binion's, is just wasting money.	
Jul 7 2008 	Ok for 1 night stay	I stayed at Binion's for $33 for one night. Booked on their website about 1 week in advance. I checked in around 12 noon and dropped my bags off. My room wouldn't be ready until 4PM because I specifically requested to NOT be on the Fremont Street side of the building. The next morning I would have to wake at 6AM to go to Laughlin and I didn't want to be awake with the Fremont light show blaring outside of my window. I was willing to wait for a restful night's sleep.I was given room 505, with a lovely view of the HVAC units on top of the casino. The room appeared clean, but the windows hadn't been washed in a very long time. The room was small with little walking room, but it was fine for one person only staying one night. It was a little ugly with carpet that didnt match the bedspread or drapes or chairs. The TV was probably purchased during the Regan administration. But comfort and a low price beats ugly carpet and furnishings any day. The bed itself was very comfortable. I really liked the headboard on the bed which had a long shelf that extends behind the entire width of the bed, behind the pillows. I have had bad beds and upscale hotels before, so the very comfortable bed at an inexpensive hotel was great. There was also a single-cup coffee maker with lots of coffee supplies on top of the dresser. The bathroom was small but had the essentials. I would stay here again and will gladly consider it on my next trip.	
Jun 18 2008 	Looking forward to the Renovation...	If you are going to stay downtown you should stay at the Golden Nugget but if they are not available or if their prices are too high then you should stay at Binions. When my sister and I arrived we asked about complimentary upgrades and were given a room on the 22nd floor. For $69 per night the room was decently sized and even included a balcony over Freemont street however the beds were harder than the floor. Seriously, by the second night we found that we slept better with blankets on the floor than on the bed. The location of the hotel is nice - right across from the Nugget and in the middle of Freemont Street. Steakhouse on the 24th floor is AMAZING! Decently priced, good decor, and extremely tasty - definitely dine here at least once if you can.Largest Complaint? The pool was closed for renovations and nothing was posted about it on the hotel website. For two young girls in vegas...a pool is a must! My sisters biggest complaint was the noise. I'm sure it was worse because of our balcony but each morning the music on Freemont and general crowd noise started at 8am. For young people coming in at 3am that was unfortunate. If you are going to stay out late ask for a room on the other side of the hotel.	
Jun 10 2008 	I'd go back....	We stayed at Binions May 7 through May 10 and I had a very nice stay. There were no bugs, no unpleasant odors, no rude check -in staff. I arrived after midnight tired and thinking anything decent was long gone. I was checked in by a nice clerk and given a room on the 7th floor. The room over looked a stage on Fremont St. but the band was through by midnight. The furniture and carpet were a little worn but everything was very clean and the bed was comfortable. Until now I had only played at Binions and because it seemed so old I never considered staying here. For the price I paid, it was my lost. I didn't like the waiting for drinks or the tightness of the machines. I ate and played elsewhere.	
Jun 8 2008 	Decent and clean great value.	I was in Vegas for a bachelor party and when my friends left, so did the room I was sharing at TheHotel at Mandalay Bay. I had another 5 nights to myself in Vegas, and no room. I figured I'd try Binion's for a night, since it was cheap, and if I liked it I'd stay. I checked in on Sunday afternoon. The girl was not courteous, a bit like I intererrupted her calm afternoon. Definitely not very professional. She was kind of slow getting me checked in, kept checking for rooms. I know how to handle someone like her though - the natural tendency a person has is to get impatient and angry, and I was anxious to get into my room, but I just smiled and patiently waited and said &quot;Don't worry, I'm not in a rush&quot; (even though I was). So, I went from being the pain in the ass customer to being the friendly, patient customer. Result - I got a nice room on the next to top floor, with a balcony!The room is old. It is not fancy or trendy or &quot;high end&quot;. Many might call it cheap or tacky. But it had a table and a couple chairs, dressers, a TV, a very comfortable king bed, a bathroom witth towels and soap and shampoo, and everything was very clean. I was paying between 30 and 35 bucks, how can you go wrong with that for a clean, decent room? You can't.I was willing to stay more nights, but when I checked with the front desk they didn't have any more nights available at my rate, and the rate was almost double.Like most of the lower-end downtown hotels, this place is great if you get a good rate and just need a clean, safe, no-frills, comfortable place to sleep, shower, and dress while you're out having fun the rest of the day and night.Oh, and I gave it a 4 because I got the balcony, but if I got a regular room without a balcony it would have been a rating of 3 out of 5.	
May 24 2008 	Don't stay here	We just wanted to stay on Freemont Street once to see the Freemont Street experience and have a cheap room for the one night. The hotel staff at check in was awesome; they even let us check in at 11:00. I was expecting old and tired so that was not surprising. However the noisy plastic over the mattress, the stained furniture, mold in the bathroom and the roach on the wall next to the elevator was inexcusable. It was hot and the air conditioning did not work. Overall it was an awful stay and pushes the boundaries of what you will and will not do versus sleeping in your car. The Freemont experience was fun and entertaining. The food on that strip is cheap and very good. I recommend doing the Freemont Street Experience at least once but stay elsewhere.	
May 24 2008 	If rude and smelly are for you	We went to the Binion's as a last resort after a booking mistake elsewhere. I feel like sleeping in the car would have been a better choice. The front desk staff were at the best untrained at the worst down right rude and unprofessional. We stood at the front desk going through the check in process that everywhere else I have been takes at the most five minutes, here took 25 minutes. During that 25 minutes rooms disappeared then became available. My credit card was needed 6 different times and the key card machine was pounded on to &quot;fix&quot; it. After everything was said and done we went to our room which looked as if a crowbar had been used to pry it open and our keys didn't work. So back to the front desk where I had to wait in line for 20 more minutes. They then just assigned us to a different room, without an apology for the inconvenience. Once we finally got into a room, that again looked as if a crowbar had been used to open it, it smelled. We were all smokers and it reeked. The room was so hot it was uncomfortable to sleep. The beds were horrid and made horrendous noises when you rolled over. I don't know much about the rest of the accommodations because as soon as we woke up we high tailed it out of there, but not before a staffer yelled through the door ensuring that we were checking out that day. Overall, it was a terrible start to a vacation. The staff was rude and unprofessional (as one front desk employee said she was &quot;the hell out of there, and she wasn't staying for another minute and that we were not her problem anymore.&quot;). When we asked to speak to a manager we were blown off and told that we could talk to one tomorrow. Needless to say we won't be back.	
May 4 2008 	Nice Stay	I stayed at Binions on a Saturday night the price was only 69.00. The room was clean, old, but clean. We stayed in room 1815 and we were a little surprised the window opened the whole way...Not very safe, we did contact the front desk they said they'd take care of it. The room came with a vanity, but no hair dryer. There was a small coffee maker and TV. Overall we had a nice stay, nothing fancy we were not expecting it either.	
Apr 19 2008 	Travel Alert: Pool unavailable	I have never stayed at Binion's but was planning to make a reservation for May 1-3, 2008. I called and the rude desk clerk told me that the pool and cafe were undergoing renovations, so if swimming or dining is important to you or your family and friends, don't stay at Binion's!!!	
Apr 1 2008 	small but comfortable	I stayed at Binions using the ACG but 1 nite get one free...They let me check in early about 11 am I was on the 17th floorI smoke so they said the smoking rooms were bigger, so I opted...Well even for me.... the room smellled of smoke so bad, it really reeked, I had already unpacked so I just went to the walgreens and bought some Febreeze.... that halted the smell for awhile...When I went to the casino, the big center stage was GONE!!! I was here in JAN and enjoyed the little cowgirl dance show... well NO MORE.... just an empty space.... I did win a little here but the drink service was poor.... no waitresses hardly at all, .I wanted to eat at the cafe but they were under renovations so I setled for a cheeseburger at the deli ( good ).I ventured out to the El Cortez to use my free 10slot pay.... LOST THERE..... went to 4 Queens....lost there.... came back up by vegas club... lost there.... deciede to go get my shrimp cocktail at the golden gate and then back to my room at binions.... the tv had limited channels , but overall it was comfy for the nite...The next day, I went to the Viva Las vegas show.... I really enjoyed it, I had used a free coupon so even made it better, i caught one of the T-shirts worn byt he show girls and my son will like it... I had upfront seating and our table was the but of many jokes by the Host...... it was great.... I will see it again.This time for gambling I went to Fitzgeralds..... YAY I always do well there.... back to Binions... Overall stay was nice. The staff are nice, but the drink service is very very poor after 2am no waitresses could be found.I hope they put the dancing girls stage back, or at least fill itup with slots or something. I will be back to visit the cafe and the steakhouse.i dont think I would stay there again unless it was cheaper than the 59.00 I paid and I get A NON SMOKING ROOM	
Mar 30 2008	Good Prime Rib dinner	I did not stay here but ate at the cafe downstairs twice.Had a wonderful prime rib dinner for lunch. I think it was $8.99.Went back for dinner and had yummy ham steak and eggs for $5.95	
Mar 25 2008 	Can't beat the location and affordability	My boyfriend and I stayed here for a mini-vacation from California. The truth is it was one of the cheapest hotels in the area for a weekend stay. Two weeks prior I had stayed at the 4 Queens and really enjoyed my &quot;Freemont Experience&quot; so I figured I would make a return. I liked how everything in the area was so accessible. The Positives:Parking was a breeze (garage wasn't too crowded), location is right in the mix of things, room was spacious and bed was large and checking in and out was a breeze.The Negatives:The pool is closed for renovations (no biggie just take yourself and a towel across the way and enjoy the pool at the Golden Nugget), the walls are pretty thin and we happended to be right across an ice machine so we heard everyone filling up.All in all, it is a budget accomodation and what it lacks can be made up at one of the other casinos who are more than happy to welcome you as well. :-)	
Mar 1 2008 	Had a Good Experience at Binion's	I (solo) stayed at Binion's February 27 &amp; 28. I was able to check in at 12:10 which was nice. I was in a nice, clean, room in the Mint Tower with a King bed. It was good sized with a table/chairs and another writing desk/chair. The air conditioner worked well and was quiet. The water was hot/cold as desired. The room was clean. The staff was fine.I ate at the snack shop and had the big ham breakfast at the coffee shop which was really good. I look forward to staying at Binions again.	
Jan 6 2008 	Not Happy with Hote or casino	Stayed through New Years Eve. Room was very loud. Window were facing Fremont Strip, we were not able to sleep due to the noise. Rooms were extremely hot. Had to leave windows open to sleep. Played Texas Holdem-Pit Boss was not professional. De-graded dealers in front of players. We actually did a written complaint about the pit boss. Hotel is in need of remodel/clean up. Would not recommend staying.	
Dec 28 2007 	Great value in a good location	I wanted to stay downtown for the last night of my holiday to see the Fremont Experience in one of the old historic casinos. There were some negative views on Trip Advisor for Binions, but I took my chances and had a pleasant experience at the hotel.Being on the 18th floor of the tower overlooking Fremont Street it was relatively quiet after midnight. I had a large room that was clean and comfortable.The only disappointment was that the pool was out of bounds throughout my stay.	
Dec 22 2007 	Binion's Great Old-School Hotel 	I just got back from a great trip to Binion's 12/16-12/19/07 and have to say that the Coffee Shop was the best I have encountered since the Oak Creek at the Horseshoe Bossier (a Jack Binion Property). The service was outstanding and all four meals I had during my stay were great. The twelve ounce New York Steak Breakfast Special ($5.99) was tender and flavorful as was the hot fully buttered sour dough bread. The Prime rib special ($8.99) was large and tender with a excellent baked potato. Also worth mentioning was the baked manicotti, good as well as being again very large. Its nice to see such a good dinner salad served with good hot rolls. It was a great experience overall, the really seem to care about their gamblers here. What a change from the strip, no tourists here; just us gamblers who enjoy a good deal for our substantial gambling losses. Loved the great raspberry ice tea as well. Great Job Binion's, I will be back soon for more play and will next time try your Steakhouse.The Binion's Hotel (two nights comped) was basic but I hear more improvements are on the way. I really liked how nice the staff was and thought the casino looked great after the recent renovation. I had stayed at The Paris (two nights comped) for two days so being downtown was a nice and much needed change on pace. My next trip in Jan will be at the RIO (again two nights comped), but I plan to say again at Binion's. I am unhappy with Harrah's and I think Binion's would make a great new future home. The Player's club seems to be extremely generous with comps: $1.50 per point and 100pts (100pts=$1.00 comp) for each comp dollar. They also seem to have a great promotion for the next three months. As a added bonus points earned count toward extra free play, general comps, or Steakhouse comps. The levels are like from 5,000pts for a $50.00 comp to the max bonus, which is with 20,000 points will get a near $600 Steakhouse comp. This bonus does not come off your regular comp points. This clearly leaves Harrah's and MGMMirage in the dust. Also the comps don't expire as long as you visit the property at least once a year. I will have my friends move their Diamond level play here as well; this is an old school place we could all like. Comps which are given freely with Hosts whom have strong authority for strong players.	
Oct 24 2007 	Go With Caution and a Confirmation Means Nothing to Them	After many trip to Las Vegas and not finding any &quot;deals&quot; in October I made a reservation at Binion's. I thought downtown would be a great change. The reservation operator was terrific and quoted me a great rate. When I checked in the desk clerk (also very nice) asked for the card with the code which I wasn't asked to bring and the confirmation did not ask me to bring either. When I asked for the manager a very young man appeared and suggested I have someone fax the code from my empty house in California. He bumped my rate another $20.00 a night. What could I do.........he claimed to be the manager and I had no other room in town reserved. I was stuck and backed into a corner.I was given a &quot;Tower&quot; room.and the little refrigerator I requested showed up before I did. The room was clean and quiet. I didn't expect too much after reading the mixed reviews but was pleasantly surprised. Two major things in the bathroom needed attention: the toilet kept running (I knew how to stop it each time) and with the drought they should keep an eye on these kinds of things, and the toilet was not fastened to the floor. Minor problems were the rusted inspection cover over in the shower for the room above and the bath tub drain would not stay up so I had to wedge a pen in the drain so it would not fill up the tub. The self park garage has no operating elevator. You are only able us to use the ramp or the stairs. Understand that GUEST parking starts on the fourth floor........long walk to the street level. I had a minor problem with the casino card and this time the person at the promotion desk was no help and blew me off.........I only used the slots for a few moments anyway...........I prefer table games. All in all it wasn't a bad experience, BUT don't trust your confirmation letter or the fact they charge your American Express Card for the first night as that means NOTHING to this organization.	
Oct 10 2007 	Basic but so cheap !	Stayed 2 nights (Wed &amp; Thu). I first wanted to stay in a hostel, but then I saw it was only 35$/night at Binion's on the nights I was in Vegas. At this price, I decided to give it a try, thinking at least I won't have to share my room with 5 other persons and I'll have a private bathroom.First, excellent location, less than 5 minute walk from bus station. I loved Fremont St and the Downtown part. There, you don't have the problems of overcrowded sidewalks like on the Strip : a large portion of the street (called Fremont experience) is reserved to pedestrians.No problem at check-in, room with 2 double beds on the 7th floor. Large room, clean (except dirty windows). Shower doesn't work too well, should repair it. Woke up with backaches the 2 mornings because of the uncomfortable mattresses. Sheets were clean though. Free coffee in the room. Cable TV. Basic but convenient furnitures.Loved the pool at top of the hotel, pretty view up there, excellent for sunbathing and it wasn't crowded at all.I also liked the Casino, friendly cashier clerk.Coffee shop has very cheap breakfasts and other specials after 11pm. It was OK. You might want to try the 24/7 7.77$ buffet at the Plaza though : I loved it ! Also loved the 6.95$ excellent steak deal at the 4 Seasons.All in all, I'll probably give a shot at another Downtown hotel next time. But I had a good experience at Binion's though the place hasn't high standards. In fact I had more than I expected at this price. I'd have liked to give 2 and ¾ instead of 2.One last thing : get ready to exercise your patience if you plan to take the bus. A ride on the Deuce from Fremont St. to the Strip takes a good 45 min. (and it was week nights, can't imagine how it is during week-ends, must be terrible). So many people take it and it takes a loooong time for everyone to get aboard (sometimes almost 10 min just for 1 stop !). They should make it mandatory for users to buy a ticket prior to get aboard. Or better : why don't they give passes to every clients of the hotels ? Anyway, something they should work on...	
Sep 26 2007 	Fun at Binions	Stayed at Binions Sept. 14-21, 07.Had a room in the mint tower on the 17th floor.Room was clean and neat as well as the hotel/casinoin general. Food in the coffee shop was fine for ourtastes. Not to mention comped too!All the staff was quite pleasant and the maid didn'tbother us at all. All that took was a few bucks up frontas well as a few kind words in Spanish to not botherus till after noon daily and then just deliver fresh towels!Low limit single deck blackjack and easy video pokerkept us busy all week.The rooftop pool was fine for the sun worshipers ofour bunch. The Fremont street experience was stepsaway from our rooms and all the action downtown!Valet parking took care of the rental car all week forour shopping excursions or visits to the crowded madhousecalled the &quot;strip&quot;!I love downtown!	
Sep 7 2007	Hotel Stay	WE recently visited las vegas aug 28 2007 for 4 nites we got a jr suite check -inn was fast and friendly we checked inn at 1pm room was ready and clean the only thing the air - conditioner could have been colder otherwise no noise quiet no house keeping knocking at the crack of dawn would recommend Binions to anyone	
Sep 5 2007 	Pretty Decent	Usually when I visit Downtown Vegas I stay at the Fitz since they offer free rooms a lot. This time Binions offered $10 a night rooms so I gave them a shot. I will state right off I enjoyed the Fitz more but Binions was ok.First the self parking was kind of a pain. You had to park across the street, take an elevator down a few floors to a cross bridge then another elevator to the casino level. There wern't very many signs to point out where to go. Check in was fine and they gave us a great room on the 22nd floor. The view was awesome!The room was a bit bare bones, no pay-per-view movies, no literature about tourist activities or about Binions itself. The room was a good size and the bed was comfy. The bathroom was fine but a bit old. The first morning we ran out of hot water but showering later in the morning the next few days there was no problem. I loved the roof top pool. It wasn't real big but it was never crowded.We gambled enough to get at least one free meal in their cafe a day. The food was always good and the service was friendly.Downtown is not for everyone but I love it. Gambling is cheap, there's music everynight on outside stages. The people are often an eclectic mix and not as stuffy as the strip. People watching is quite fun! If you're looking for a high end Vegas trip with lots of pampering this isn't for you but if you enjoy a wide mix of folks and great gaming Downtown is the best!	
Sep 1 2007 	horrible stay	my friend and I went to vegas for a good time but it turn out to be terrible. First , we were woke up by these loud fire alarm at 7 am 3 times. i called the front office &amp; i was told that they were checking their alarms. i told her that we have a long day the day before and didnt hit the bed till 4 am and you never told us or no prior noticed that you are doing this. she trensferred me to security office without even telling me, i spoke with the security and i was told that they still figuring whats going on with the alarm. it is really a horrible, our room is besides the alley with the world big screen Tv, the music is loud tha we can hear in the room, the carpet on the hallway and the room was stinky, the room A/C is not cold enough.	
Aug 25 2007 	Room Change	I had planned a trip to Vegas from Sun 8/19- Thur 8/23, But at the last minute I got Saturday off from work ,so I decided to add Sat night. The prices on the strip where I was staying for my trip were OUTRAGEOUS,so I called Binions and got a rate of $39. I had never stayed there before so I jumped on this rate.Arrived Saturday around 2pm to no one in line. The Front desk Folks were nice enough and I was booked into an East tower room. It took me a while and a few people's directions to find the SMALL elevator and when I got to my room which was located in the far Corner I opened it to find a very dark room..I had 2 windows and i opened curtains to find Stained glass w/No view. I should have known what to expect from price,But this was not even comparable to a Days Inn/Microtel sort of room. The BR was very small with a dirty /rusty tub ,I then proceeded to the Front desk and asked for a room change to the newer tower. $79 more and off I went to this room which was Standard room/Basic furnishings. Much better and felt safer. Original room had sliding door bolt ,which was broken off ..	
Aug 10 2007 	Cheap and cruddy	Small, slightly smoky-smelling rooms. The hotel's maintenance is really poor. Our airconditioner was extremely noisy, so we had to get another room. The ice machine on our floor and the floor above wasn't working, so I had to go 2 floors away to get ice. Beds are tiny -- double rather than queen or king!	
Jul 7 2007	Slots rating only........	I always stay on the strip, either at the Mirage or Treasure Island but I always go downtown. I go downtown to visit one casino and that is Binions. I play the dollar slots and I ALWAYS leave with a pocketful of hundreds. You may have to put a few bucks in but if you are patient you will see some nice payoffs! Then I head back to the strip where I lose it all at the expensive places that don't pay off..........such is Vegas!	
May 24 2007 	Great Budget hotel	Just returned from another 2 night stay at Binions. In my last review, I complained about the plastic under the sheets on the beds. Maybe they listened, because this stay there was not any plastic, and the beds were very comfortable. Room was large and clean. Not the Bellagio by any means, but a great budget type hotel. Check in desk was very friendly, and they were able to accomodate my early arrival without any problems. Just make sure to get a room in the tower, and not above the casino.	
Apr 12 2007	BJ 	We did not stay at this hotel but wanted to post that we always love gambling here when coming to the DT area. The BJ tables are always fun and laid back. There used to be $3 tables but there were none this time... the lowest was $5. Look for BJ dealer named Liz. She looks like a young Demi Moore and is tons of fun!I usually have luck on slot machines here also. It just takes a little time to find the ones that are paying out but, once you do, you can walk out with a couple of hundred $$$$ if your lucky.	
Apr 2 2007 	Uncomfortable Beds	What strange beds with plastic/rubber underneath the sheet that are very uncomfortable!!! Carpet is also dirty and tub is clogged. Elevator in parking garage is dirty and smelly. On positive note, this hotel gives good rates and in good location.	
Apr 1 2007 	cheap rooms not very nice	I used a 2-for-1 coupon. 2 nights for $66 total. Very disappointed with my room. Older than dirt, ice machine right outside my door sounded like a freight train all night.I believe I got a crappy room because of the coupon. I know they have much nicer rooms.I ended up winning over $2000 in the casino, so I could deal with the room.	
Mar 13 2007 	Filthy filthy filthy!	Stay someplace else, anywhere else! True they do have cheap rooms, but would you like to pay to sleep in filth. We had a room booked for a week after a few days we moved to the strip. I like the gambling downtown but after my last visit I will NEVER stay there again. The room was absolutley the dirtiest hotel room I have ever seen. The cutains were ripped and stained. the carpet the same, as was the bedspread. The sheets had plastic on the bottom of them! REALLY! 4 lights in our room did not work, remote also, bathtub and sink did not drain. I asked repeatedly to have someone come and fix it and nothing ever happend. I called for an extra pillow, never got it. I complained to the general manager, Shaune, I believed her name was, she was so indifferent it made me feel like I wasn't even wanted at the hotel. Do yourself a favor and stay on the strip. You CAN find good deals. Oh by the way, I failed to mention the two cockroaches we found in the bathroom. I say again, filthy, filthy, filthy!	
Mar 8 2007 	Beds were terrible	The beds were very hard and everytime you moved the rubber pad squeaked terribly. Our kids even complained! This was the worst bed I've stayed in. The room needed refurbishing badly. Very old and grungy. Never again.	
Mar 7 2007 	Loved Downtown and Binions	Stayed for 2 nites at Binions at the end of my Vegas vacation. Chose Binions as the price was right for a Friday &amp; Saturday night &amp; so could experience Downtown after 2 weeks getting hammered on the Strip. I had previously stayed at Bellagio and Hooters and knew what I was getting into by staying at Binions. I found Binions pretty good. The room was a decent size and bed was comfy. Location on fremont is a plus. Would definately stay at Binions again. However would avoid the coffee shop for meals, mine was a bit dodgy (but the service was excellent).	
Dec 19 2006 	Great hosts good comps be careful of old tower...	I stayed at Binion's twice this year. My first visit in Late April, right before the roof top pool opened. The rate was modest ($59) but the room was archaic and decrepit. On some level, this was a positive attribute as it gave me a taste of vintage &quot;old style&quot; Vegas. I didn't spend that much time in my hotel room anyway on that visit. My two biggest complaints: clogged tub drain and noisy A/C. However, that fourty year old hunker sure kicked out the ice cold AC. Also, I kind of liked the old wall paper and decor for nostalgic reasons.The gaming was fabulous with many loose slots, single deck blackjack, and a nice assortment of liberal video poker machines. And, I liked the low limit craps! BTW, the comps are fabulous and you can easily accumulate free rooms and dinners and other freebies.On my second trip in June I was given a &quot;mini suite&quot; on the 'Mint' side. This is where the newer rooms are located as well as the roof top pool and steakhouse. The difference in the rooms was night and day. I had a spacious room with several chairs and a table, a couch, huge closet space, climate control, and a modern bathroom that had its own little hallway. The carpet and bedding was clean and there was a fridge! BTW, this room was comped for 4 days from my previous visit. Also, they comped my previous hotel bill as well! I am not a massive higher roller either-just like playing dollar or quarter video poker and table games.BTW, I just got comped for 6 nights in early January during the biggest conference of the year. This time I'm going to try out the Balcony rooms on floor 21, 22, or 23. Anyways, I learned a valuable lesson from some other guests I later joined up with: don't be afraid to ASK FOR COMPS! The worst thing they'll say is 'no.' Futhermore, if you're a moderate to serious player you'll likely get some freebies.Also, I like that Binion's replaced the worn out carpet with identical new carpet stashed away years ago. And re-opening the snack room was a plus. Also, the poker room is really hopping again. Lets hope the new owners keep up the good work and invest resources into this classic property.Jeffrey	
Dec 3 2006	Find somewhere else to eat	My wife and I are locals who have been visiting Binions since we moved here 12 years ago. We always enjoyed eating at the Coffeeshop whenever we were on Fremont Street, 3 or 4 times a year and when friends or relatives visited. Over the last year we have noticed a decline in the quality of the food and service. Last night was the last straw. The restaurant wasn't to busy but we ended up waiting 15 minutes before our waitress even took our drink order. Ten minutes later we received our drinks and our order was taken. Fifteen minutes for our appetizer, which was decent. Salad and soup 15 minutes later, food so far was OK. Fifteen more minutes for our entrees. Water glasses left empty. Waitress never came around to ask about our dinners or our empty water and by now drink glasses. A cup of a white liquid with the consistency of milk, which I later found out was supposed to be horseradish sauce had no flavor. There was a pudding like skin on the sourcream. The potato had to be cut with a steak knife and the prime rib couldn't be cut with a hacksaw. Left a 50 cent tip and complained to Jeff, a manager or busboy, I don't know. All I got was a blank stare. Payed our bill and we left. No apology, nothing but the same dumb blank stare. Wonder why downtown is dying? Visit Binions and you will find out.	
Nov 26 2006 	Things are better	Glad to report someone is doing something about the status of the hotel at the Horseshoe (Downtown LV). The casino and restaurants have always been fine, but the rooms were really neglected. Hear they have started renovations from the top floors on down - we were on the 14th floor, so we got the benefit of new: bathroom fixtures, floors, seemed to be fairly new carpets, drapes, bedspreads, wallpaper, etc. but unfortunatley all in pink. Oh well. Can't report on the original hotel at the Horseshoe. Was put up there once, and while ok, would advise avoiding those rooms.	
Sep 28 2006 	first stay downtown	we stayed here labour day weekend , after a long flight , long lines at passport and security and luggage still in chicago , when we finaly found reception ( cab drop us on wrong side of building ) we were given ( cant remember number ) a room on the third floor , now i know we werent in the best of moods , and this is a 1star hotel but , if i had a dog ,i wouldnt let it stay in that room . good grief it looked like a flop house !!! went back to reception ask for a change of room . this was no problem , the room on the 17th floor was better , just about lived up to its one lonely star but not great , but hay the rooms only for sleeping , it was labour day weekend and we did expect it to be loud , but you could hear every word spoken and shouted four rooms away , i didnt expect class here but theres better manners in the black hole .the casino was ok but no more , and in daylight hours a pleasent change from the very over crowded strip , evenings were busy but not as manic as the strip .we had concerns about safety down town , it was fine didnt feel or see anything any worse than you see or feel in any city .had a meal at the hotels skeak house which was good and fair priced , the place was half empty ( labour day weekend ) .one word of warning if you buy a beer in the casino/hotel ,bud chnages in price from bar to bar , night to night , bar tender to bar tander ?????????? .if we stayed down town again we wouldnt stay here .	
Sep 5 2006	Never Again!!!	I recently stayed at this hotel the night of Sept. 2, I have stayed previously in Vegas, but only on the strip. My wife and I had been wanting to stay on Fremont Street for the &quot;Fremont Experience&quot; I've always loved to play poker so we thought Binions would be awesome to stay at. Unfortunately, the experience was horrible. Upon arriving, I was not informed on how to get to my room. After using the wrong elevator (that doesn't go to the East tower) going down many wrong hallways, and asking a housekeeper, I reached my room 20 minutes later. As I entered the room (I believe room 330), I was extremely unsatisfied to find the condition of the room. The paint was peeling from the toilet seat, the shower had a huge hole and was tied together on the top left corner, the ceilings had spots of brown from previous leaks, iron burn marks on the floor, make up stain on the bed covering, the list goes on. As I began to use the restroom I then realized I had no soap, or any of the other amenities. I called for housekeeping she arrived with the things, then preceded to enter my room to check behind the mirror as if I had lied about it. Overall the stay was the worse experience I have had compared to previous hotels. The room and treatment was not worth the $71 I paid. As you know, there are better deals for rooms in Vegas, but I was looking forward to staying in this establishment.	
Aug 24 2006 	Nascar Dream	I stayed here first time in 2003 and was ready to return in 2004 for the next nascar race but was diasappointed to find that Harrahs had bought &amp; closed the place. And may I note never called me to tell me that they had closed or my reservation had been cancelled (lucky I watch the news). From what i read no renovations were done to the hotel during this closure and the casino which I have recenlty visited and certainly has had no updates. Anyhow my visit I must say was a very positive one with an exception. Upon checking in with a few friends we pulled in the front entrance and Valet the car, a nice $5 bill was presented to the valet attendant and we asked if he could keep it close. Now for the rest of our 4 day stay this guy remembered that tip and took care of us every time as we did him, The car was keeped right next to the valet booth like we were vips or something. On the strip your $5 would never get u that far. We checked in and the nicest guy at the front desk helped us and got us a room facing the freemont street experience allthough we were above it we got the two beds and was it a nice room not really and there was a piece of carpet cut out of the floor and replaced very obvious and a bit scary but my friends and I joked about what we imagined happended in that room. The windows did open and I liked that fresh air. Rooms were not dirty they were suitable for me to stay for 4 days but they were not great either u get what u pay for and nascar weekend is steep on room rates. Here was the problem. One night early evening I peeked out our peep hole (we were at the end of a hallway) to find a Drunk Homeless looking person passed out on the floor. I stayed in my room as he seemed harmless not causing any trouble. I called security and he was removed within 5 minutes so I was impressed with the fast response to the problem and would say they do have sufficent security as i have read other peoples concerns about it. Also our first night we came in very late and were well a bit intoxicated and could not remember our room number. The man once again was most helpful in getting us the right number. We didn't eat at the Steakhouse, but we did go up there and had a drink and the free bread they gave us. WHen we read the menus and the smallest steak was like $36 and u had to pay for a potato seperate for another 8 bucks or so I thought it was a little outta my reach $ wise. But if you have the cash I recommend the steak house the view is INCREDIBLE. While staying downtown we dined at Tony Romas at Freemont, not bad for the $. Also Golden Gate has a little deli in the back with the most incredible french dips, and 99 cent shrimp coctail t die for I have it everytime and my tummy is never upset. Also another place in golden gate is the Bay City Diner my hubby loves the NY steaks there. If you are going to eat at a coffee shop I highly reccomend the Golden Nuggets that looks over the pool area They have great food 24/7 and u can even get it to go like I did at 4 am and brought it back to my room at binions. I love the $2 t-shirts next to the Glitter Gultch. Glitter Gultch went there and it is the girls who are rejected at all the other nice vegas strip clubs that end up here. 2 drink minimum to get in and a beer is like $9 but you can drink your beers toss a couple of $1 bills at the dancer at he stage and split, Do not waste your $on a lap dance. Free Beads at Mermaids and The La Bayou are always fun. And if your up for it the Neonopolis is located a block down from Fitzgeralds and has a great Movie Theater if your fed up with light shows and gambling. All in all Binions is a great place to stay my husband this last July 2006 one $95 in less that 5 minutes playing the field on craps there and he started with 5 bucks. We are gonna take a gamble and stay here in November if all goes well we will book again in March for the next Race.	
Aug 1 2006 	Disappointed!	I always wanted to stay at the &quot;Horseshoe&quot; because of the history. My husband booked two months in advance and arrived late in the evening and given a room in the &quot;OLD&quot; section of the hotel. The room was so small you could hardly turn around in it. NO closet, NO vanity in the bathroom. The view from window was a Brick wall. I'm really not that picky, but could not stay in that room another night. The next room they gave us was much better (normal size etc.). At least the view from this room was looking down on the top of the Fremont Experience. The food wasn't bad, but I wouldn't go out of my way to dine there. The Casino is dark and dingy, but already knew this from being in there before. Parking was confusing as to how to get to the front desk to check in ...very in convienent or at least for senior's. It seemed to have a lack of security.and dirty.To sum it all up, I won't be staying there any time soon. I'm certainly glad I got staying at the &quot;Horseshoe&quot; out of my system. So much for history. I've decided I like &quot;modern&quot;a whole lot better. P.S. We have been to Vegas many times and this was without a doubt the most disappointing stay!	
May 2 2006	Binion's was super	Read the reviews, hubby's coworkers even asked your staying there? Negative reviews undeserved. Room in older portion (332). Clean, bath imaculate, TV including HBO worked fine. Casino staff efficient and friendly. Cocktail servers prompt, gambling fun. Easy to get everywhere from there. Parking for rental car easily accessed. Pool on rooftop clean and views great. Would return in a heartbeat. Terrific value.	
Apr 10 2006	Horrible	We booked a non smoking room and when we arrived we were told they didnt have non smoking rooms at all. I really dont mind smoking at all but our room was disgusting smelling. Not a nice place but it was dirt cheap, you get what you pay for	
Mar 20 2006	Another fine stay	This is not a top shelf hotel by any means. The hotel rooms were beat, and the tub didn't drain very well, and I would never take my wife here -- but my wife has very refined tastes, she has led me to believe -- but I had a fantastic time here.Were the sheets lovely to behold? No they were not. Was the floor delicious to taste? I would not recommend further investigation. All in all, would I stay there again? Absolutely.One nice thing? The windows open all the way. Enjoy the sounds of downtown Las Vegas, and the lovely breeze, as you teeter somewhat nervously near a 20-story drop. Not recommended after a night of drinking in the casino.Higher-up rooms have balconies, where you can sit and enjoy the view! If you can score one of these, you are a smoother talker than I was.You might be wondering, hey, what is so great about this hotel, anyway? Location. The location is absolutely central to everything you love in downtown. You can just skip down to the 'Gate, or the LV Club. Still a bit of a hike to the El Co' but you'll make it there. If you want to visit the wonderful Three Georges restaurant, it's just behind the casino in the Lady-Luck vicinity. This location is POISED for Vegas fun. Location isn't everything, though. So visit the steak house. We always have a great time there. Very nice guys running the place, and the food was just fine. Great view, dark lighting, slabs of beef, just upstairs from your lovely room. Now that just spells vacation for me, thank you very much.So yes, the only other place I've stayed (downtown) was the Plaza, and Binion's is far far better than that establishment. Although, at the Plaza, you can enjoy a beer on a park bench, while observing the light show at the porte cochere, which is a rare pleasure I advise you to sample on your next visit.	
Mar 19 2006	Best bang for your buck..	We stayed here for a week in May and had no problems whatsoever. At 37.00 a night you cant beat the price. If I wanted to have a high priced room then I would go to the strip. But when were in Vegas who stays in their room. We just wanted a clean room to lay our heads down on. Loved the pool on the roof. Checked out the pool across the street and everyone and your mother was there and can be seen. I prefer to see the whole Vegas view from the 25th floor. Going back again this May cant wait!! So if youd rather spend your money on something else besides the room stay here.	
Mar 11 2006 	I Know The Answer!!!	After reading all the good and bad reviews of this hotel I finally stayed there myself and figured out why some love it and some hate it. I stayed there with a friend and we had two different rooms in two different parts of the hotel. One of the rooms (hers) smelled like the bowels of satan and mine was not as bad (not great) but not bad. I got a room right off the elevators near the check in desk but she got one in the old tower. Wow what a difference in the rooms. Hers was a hell hole and mine was ok. Now I GET IT. If you get the newer rooms they are ok but if you get the old tower, you're in hell. Even the ceiling out in her hallway was falling down. Mystery solved. Do yourself a favor and if you must gamble in vegas, do it in the casino and not with your hotel. Stay way from the binions.	
Feb 28 2006	Don't do it	I do not plan to ever stay here again! We checkedin for one Night Feb.25 2005 First we tried for early check in between the hours of 11:30 and 2:30 we had gone to the desk 3 times and the front desk clerk kept telling us to come back in an hour come back in an hour by 2:45 we asked again for our NON-SMOKING king bed room and at that time they said we can not gaurentee a non- smoking room even though we request a non-smoking 2 months in advance. and still would not have any rooms til 3:30 and thats with a rush on it. we spoke to management and he was no help at all!! when we finally got to our room I thought Motel 6 was better than this we closed the sun out curtians and light came though the holes. But bed and bath were clean.	
Nov 8 2005	Bad start...great finish.	When planning a trip to Binions I was expecting some retro fixtures etc which we got but like most it was a room mix-up that met us when we walked in. We had myself, my wife, her mother, grandmother and a family friend. We reserved 2 rooms with 2 queens in each room. They had us at 1 room with a King...? I do love my in-laws but not that much. How 5 of us were going to fit in 1 bed I was not sure. I am a fair and reasonable guy who is in sales. After talking to 3 levels of management I was able to finagle the suite on the 23rd floor below the steakhouse with 3 decks, 4 beds, 4 bathrooms and a view that made me cry. All was well with that since I didnt get charged any more than my 2 rooms. Other than every other key handed to us did not work. I would go back if not just for the history and the location.	
Nov 1 2005	Pay Your Money and Take Your Chances	In true Vegas style, you pay your money and take your chances at Binion's. I paid $79 for Saturday night, and $39 for Sunday night just this past weekend (10/29 &amp; 10/30). One can't get too picky at these prices. By far, most of the hotel staff I encountered were always friendly and helpful. However, the rooms are somewhat noisy, and pretty shabby. I just needed a place to crash, and you really can't especially complain about the $39 &quot;weekday&quot; rate. Good luck if your expectation's are any higher.	
Oct 23 2005	Bad Experience with Binion's! High price bad room 	I booked a hotel for 2 nights through Travelworm. It was terrible. Other hotel rates in the area were a lot less than I got booking Travelworm.  The hotel, Binions Horseshoe, was not in a bad location, but they put me in the old part of the hotel. My room looked out over pipes on the roof and I couldn't even see daylight. The bathroom lights didn't work and I asked 5 times to have them fix them but they never did. I think there was a short in the light rather than just a bulb, but they didn't allow me to change rooms even when I called and asked. On the wood around the since, there were sharp nails sticking out and I cut my leg while drying my hair. The did then come by and pull them out, but that was after the fact.  High Price! Horrible Room!! Poor Customer Service! I was SO UNHAPPY with the hotel and TravelWorm for booking me there!!	
Aug 19 2005	Not Bad...	First Time in Vegas....Stayed at the Binion because the people we were traveling with had been to Vegas a number of times and booked this hotel.1) For 49 bucks a night ......what do you expect ??? The room was clean and housekeeping came by every day and cleaned it up. Caution : we asked for a smoking room to be near the people we were traveling with...when you ask for a &quot;smoking&quot; room...you get a smoking room....man did this room reek of smoke....but we asked for it....... its not like I was going to live there the rest of my life plus if your in your room your not gambling or having fun....2) The staff was great....did everything we asked and was very pleasant...3)The pool is on the roof.....what a great view and nice place to relax...4) I will probably try another hotel downtown but if had to stay at the Binions, would do it again...5) Food was good ...very reasonable...had a great prime rib dinner for under 10 bucks...6)Next time I go to Vegas I will stay downtown again.... the strip is nothing but Disneyworld west...kids, strollers all over the place on the strip.. how many times can you see a water show and everything is over priced on the strip. 4) The slots downtown are looser......machines on the strip are tight....gotta pay for all those carnival rides, animal exhibits, and shooting water...	
Aug 8 2005	Not too shabby	For what we paid, we were not disappointed. Vegas is busy this time of year and even Super 8 motels are around and above $100 per night. We stayed at Binion's for around $75. The room was clean and roomy; the bathroom was clean and stocked. We asked for two beds in non-smoking and that's what we got, although walking through the casino kind of negates the purpose. The hotel is right in the downtown area and you only need to walk outside to experience the sights and sounds of downtown Las Vegas. The Coffee House restaurant served good food for reasonable prices (some of the best prime rib for $8.95 I've ever had!) and the service was very good and pleasant both times we ate there. My only complaint was with general parking and valet service. You have to drive up three floors to get to valet and then you still have to walk through the entire casino to reach the registration desk (we had to stop and ask for directions because there was no signage to guide us), lugging your bags all the way. Bell service was nowhere to be found in the valet area so you might as well just park the car yourself! Each time, we had to walk through the casino to get to the elevators that took us to our floor, which was kind of a pain. Overall, we didn't mind this hotel so much and would stay there again if value presented itself.	
Jul 29 2005	The horse is dead	Binion's has been stripped of everything Horseshoe. It's now known as just Binion's and they've ripped the horseshoe off the top of the building and off the marquees on Fremont Street. After Harrah stripped the property of the World Series of Poker and its Horseshoe brand, it sold it to some bush-league gaming outfit out of West Virginia. It shows. The rooms are nasty, old and dirty and they didn't change the sheets every day. The front desk clerks are surly and the poker room is a shell of its former self.Benny Binion must be rolling in his grave. The only good news is any Binion's Horseshoe memorabilia you have just shot up in value!	
Jun 23 2005	Snoop wouldn't stay here	It's bizarre that this hotel was featured n the video for Snoop and Justin's last single - can't imagine either of them staying somewhere like this. The hotel is not great, but it's not bad. The whole place is a bit dark but we didn't notice any of the smells I have read about on here. The noise from Fremont Street was a bit of an issue but as soon as the music stopped at midnight ish it was fine. Fremont Street overall was OK, but the light show is nothing special, I can't believe people were videotaping it! I would recommend visitors to stay on the Strip rather than here, not that it's particularly bad but the Strip has so much more to offer. On a more positive note, the bus station is within walking distance and the pool area was totally dead but quite pleasant - it was 35 degrees celcius and me and my friend were the only ones up there all afternoon! The digital thermometer and clock on the roof were also nice.	
Jun 22 2005	Time To Shoot The Horse	Me and my wife stayed 2 nights june 10th and 11th, at the horseshoe and were ready to leave after day 1. The rack rate was inexpensive, as should be for a run down, smelly hotel. And as much as I like The Fremont Street Experience, it grows weary to have it pound into your room on the half hour until 12:30am when you don’t want to experience it. The room that we stayed in was a non-smoking room, but with decades of nicotine having wafted through the room, old cigarette burns and all, prior to it being classified a non-smoking room, if they left the window open to air out the room for ten years it would still stink. The pool was unique, and that it is located on the top floor and lounging area is surrounded by heavy glass partitions, so it offers nice views but, the pool capacity is oh about 10 people. And wear shoes when walking around the deck because their are very small slivers of glass here and there, believe me I know. If you are a smoker and a heavy gambler, you might not want to ever leave it. If you are not then avoid, unless you are just looking for a relatively cheap room. And you can get that at the Plaza which offers better accommodations with the same smell.	
Jun 20 2005	Don't Waste your Money!!	The staff at Binion's were absolutely obnoxious, rude and highly unprofessional. The dark, smelly room the check-in clerk gave to us was still DIRTY when we unlocked the door and walked into the room. We had to call housekeeping THREE times to have someone clean it. We waited about 1 hour before she showed up. The only saving grace was the shower pressure, which was pretty darn powerful, to wash the smell of the room off of you. How do places like this stay in business?Trust me, spend a little extra and stay at the Golden Nugget, where the staff and accomodations are four stars across the board.	
Jun 19 2005	Binions is #1	We have returned from a weeks stay downtown at Binion's. We read all the reviews and we a little worried, but it was wonderful! The rooms are just fine, no problems with anything. Everyone was pleasant and the atmosphere was good. It wasn't anything like I have read. I have pictures of the room, the pool, etc... We have No complaints what-so-ever!! I thing we liked it better than the strip, we will go back. The Fremont Street Experience is something you don't want to miss,we didn't go downtown the first time we stayed and it is truley an experience. When we go back we will stay downtown, we went to all the hotels-casinos and loved them all. It was GREAT!!!!! Don't believe everything you read or you might miss out on a wonderful time!!! Can't wait to go back!!! Downtown was super!!!	
Jun 5 2005	Value for money	After reading reviews we were ready for some pitfalls. We paid about £20 per night and the room was huge. The furnishings are a bit 1950's/retro but clean and tidy and that's what Fremont Street is all about. We didn't have any of the nasty smells people talk about. We were overlooking the Fremont Street Experience and so could hear the noise from that until midnight. But you know the saying 'if you can't beat 'em join 'em' so we did and if we were going to sleep before midnight we used earplugs rather than have a different view. Overall it was excellent value for money, the breakfast in the Coffee Shop was exceptional value as mentioned by another reviewer and I would definately stay on Fremont Street again rather than at the themed hotels I've stayed at before. The experience is great.	
May 31 2005	Binion HorseShoe LV -This's not a hotel for me. Too old and smell and expensive	I just got back from LV (5/30/05). I'm so regreted that I booked for this hotel, I don't game a lot,just like to stay and enjoy entertainment and food, but this hotel is ruined my stay, it old and dirty and smell bad. When I am tired from a day, I don't want and scare to get back to my room to get rest because of its smells so bad. I just only came back for the night to sleep. That's terrible, even I am tired I can not go to my room for resting. I paid $105 per night, and for a bad room. It is too expensived. Only one thing that I give them a credit is the staff are nice. But over all, this hotel is not for me at all. I do not recommend for any one to come for your stay in las vegas, look for other hotel when you want to stay in downtown. Next time, I'll stay at the trip, it always is the best location when you go to las vegas.	
May 31 2005	Never come back again Expensive old and smell bad !!	I just got back from LV, I am very very disappointed at the Binion. I paid at 3stars hotel rate at the trip but 1 star for this hotel. That's mean it is very expensive ($102 per nights). And I hated it. It smell terrible and room dirty. I don't recommend any one to book for this hotel. Go to the trip better, at least you pay for what you stay. But here is overcharged...	
May 29 2005	They tried but Failed	My new Wife and I just recently stayed at the Horse-sh--t (I mean shoe). The first room was in the Old tower and had a lovely view of a wall. Our 2nd room was a handicap wheel chair access ;so there was a chair in Our roll in no tub shower. They finally put us in a so called junior suite that I was happy to get after all We had gone through. Last but not least they kept all of my Cash deposit ($50) upon check-out. I dont know why &quot;We never stayed in a room long enough to make a call, order a movie (not even an option), or order room service (no room service). Binions you got My $50, but you'll never get My buisness again, and I'll be sure to tell some friends.	
Apr 28 2005	Prepared for worst...but experienced the best!!!	I read all the negative reviews of Binions, but my experience could not have been better. I had problems finding a room for a Friday night, but took advantage of their $59 rate special. I walked from the bus station (yep, the bus!) I had taken from Phoenix at 6:15 am to the hotel, and began by going to the downstairs coffee shop; for $2.95, 2 eggs, 2 strips of bacon, a heaping plate of hash browns, toast. The waitress was friendly, and the coffee shoproom is decorated with wood trim; very pleasant!I couldn't check in until 3 pm, but checked my luggage in; the hotel gave me a number to call to check on my room; again, very friendly. When I checked in, they gave me excellent directions; simple -- elevator up 4 floors only 10-20 steps from the registration desk. The room was amazing! -- about 20 by 20, fresh, new green carpet, a comfortable couch with 2 wingback chairs, nice table, huge comfy king-sized bed. Even remember the room number -- 404. It's a mini-suite; ask for it.I totally enjoyed the Freemont Street experience that night, the ease with getting around downtown, and a great, prime-rib dinner at Fitzgeralds for $8.95. I joined up with my brother the next day at MGM Grand; the strip has gotten too congested and the room was not as nice!My experience at Binions could not have been better -- as Ahnold would say, &quot;I'll be back!&quot;	
Apr 26 2005	scared at first by bad reviews but glad we went	I have been to vegas 5 times and love staying downtown, staying at the golden nugget or the fitzgerald never at binions. When we booked or trip everywhere else was sold out so we had no choice. Heard lot of bad things but none of them true. There was 8 of us we had 4 rooms some of the rooms were smaller then the others, but rooms were cleans and nice. I will go back to the binions everytime for now on. The price was right the service was good. Dont let the bad reviews scare you off beautiful place to stay. Thank You Binions	
Apr 22 2005 	Awful awful awful!	We had reservations since January and they still tried to make 3 of us sleep in a room with ONE double bed. They had already given all the single people that had come in that day all the rooms with TWO beds in them!! We asked for non-smoking and they gave us smoking, ok so big deal , but when we got to the room and opened the door it was if someone had just smoked in there. Also our shower head was held on by a twist tie, yep I said Twist Tie! Very stinky , smelly rooms and the hallway had the ceiling falling down. I wrote to the hotel and got the response that a new company now owns it and will look into the matter, then they invited me for a FREE STAY!??! Are you serious? When I went that night to tell them about my shower head (it wouldnt stay still and faced the wall once turned on), the front desk was sooo rude and said, that we werent the only ones in this situation. I found out later that the people next door to my room had no air-conditioning for the last 3 nights and there were 4 in their party in a room with ONE double bed and they had put reservations since Dec. His kids slept on the floor (no extra roll-aways). At least we got a roll-away. Never again.	
Apr 14 2005	Loving it at the Shoe!!!	Stayed at Binions Horseshoe April 9th-13th and all my husband and I can say is that they are the best of the best!!!They have a wonderful poker staff--that's mostly all we played while we were in town and they have the sweetest dealers and poker hosts!! Thanks Tish, Patty, Ethan for everything--and funny Zircon! The people that frequent here are just as nice, mostly locals but all very nice!But the best thing about Binions was the Coffee Shop!!! I am not kidding here when I say this may be the best food in Las Vegas--who would think right?? A coffee shop in the basement of a downtown hotel!! Really, their food is so good and very cheap!!! Please try, you won't regret it at all--and if you play poker long enough they will be more than happy to comp your meal!!!Our room rate was $25 a night, and really you can't do wrong here--don't go looking for a suite, with a butler and fresh fruit. This room was basic and it worked. Beds were comfortable, shower pressure good, and the room was clean! So if you want to stay downtown Las Vegas, stay at the Shoe!!! We will be back in 2 months and can't wait to see all the nice folks again.	
Apr 5 2005	absolute disgrace at binion's	Binion's horseshoe is a total rip off. The place is dirty, the rooms were below average and the personnel at the front desk were rude and inconsiderate. Next time in downtown Vegas I will stay at the golden nuggett. Anyone who stays at the horseshoe is making a major mistake.	
Mar 23 2005	Great times at the Shoe	This was my third trip to Las Vegas and by far the most excellent. During my last two experiences in Vegas I stayed at Treasure Island and The Venetian. Both were very high class and I had an okay time. Staying on Fremont Street is an experience that everyone should have. The &quot;Shoe&quot;, as it came to be called by my friends and I is the only place that I will ever stay in Vegas. The value cannot be beat. The rooms are clean and the dealers and staff are friendly. Make sure that you say hello to Bobby that works the bar by the poker area and make sure that you visit the little coffee shop . . . steak and (great tasting) lobster for 10 bucks. I've been home for 2 days and I'm making reservations for next month. Do the &quot;Shoe&quot;.	
Feb 21 2005	Should live the experience!	My husband and I stayed here one night during our most recent visit so we could live &quot;The Freemont St experience&quot;. The hotel was clean &amp; inexpensive. Prior to this visit we stayed at Paris LV (twice), Riveria, &amp; NY NY. We had not ventured out to this part of town. We had to wait for a room so we changed and went to the roof to take a swim three girls were making out in the pool and a homeless person was sleeping in a lounge. Within five minutes of our arrival hotel security was on the roof escourting him out (thus our venture began). Later in the day the same person was sleeping in a vibrating chair in the hotel lobby. We walked the streets, shopped, and watched the shows that night -- very interesting crowd. When we went to bed the lights and noise were incredible but because I read reviews like these, I was prepared and brought ear plugs and eye blinders (yup blinders)... Both came in quite useful as the room vibrated with the noise from the streets and the light show could be seen (flashing) through the drapes. This was a great experience. One I enjoyed and will never forget. If you're adventurous this is a fun detour from the norm.	
Feb 18 2005	Horseshoe a Pleasant Surprise	On the beginning of our stay in Las Vegas we stayed at the Golden Nugget, then went to Arizona before returning to Las Vegas. Could not get a room at the Nugget when we returned so we found a room at the Horseshoe. It was a pleasant surprise. Very nice staff, room was clean, nicely furnished, nice and firm bed, very pleasant room. The casino was above average for payback on your gambling money. We only ate at the little lunch counter and that was a show in itself. The gentlemen working there are very special, they made a sandwich lunch a real treat. Fun. I would not hesitate to stay there again.	
Dec 13 2004	Best deal in town!	Stayed at Binions the weekend before Thanksgiving. Booked the room by calling directly to the hotel. friday, saturday and sunday was $121 including tax. small room with comfortable king size bed in the west side. Maid service was exemplary and filled all requests for extra towels, pillows and blankets.Casino action wasn't real good. Gambled across the street at the Golden Gate.Next time, I'll stay here and play in the daily poker tournaments.Why stay on the strip when you can get around Fremont Street safely and easily. If you want to go the strip you can catch the bus a few blocks away for a $5 day pass. Be sure to catch the 802 as it stops less often and gets you to and from the strip quicker than the 801.Granted the rooms aren't like they are on the strip but I'm here to gamble and tour Vegas not stay in my room. If i want to stay in my room I'd stay at home.	
Oct 27 2004	Just got back	Just got back from a trip to Las Vegas where we stayed at Binion's Horseshoe. Had a great time. I've previously stayed on the strip where every trip to another casino seems like a hike. But not on Fremont street. There are about 10 casinos within 5 minutes walk. The light show is great. The rooms were spares, but clean. The staff was fantastic and the price was unbeatable. I'll be back to the Horseshoe.	
Oct 19 2004	hate the change	binion's horseshoe has been turned into a harrah's. the floor plan is the same. I've been going to the horseshoe for over 10 years. i hate all the changes and so do a lot of other customers. the help isn't crazy about the changes either. i'd really like to be able to contact MTR directly to voice my concerns.	
Oct 13 2004	great!	this year, we discovered Downtown Las Vegas: lodging, casino, restaurant, entertainment(we already went on the Strip in 2002)hotel : Horseshoe : clean and beautiful rooms fora small budget, the casino seems a little &quot;dark&quot; but it's old Las Vegas!!!!!located just in Fremont street : &quot;magnifique!&quot; &quot;ambiance retro et magique&quot;... completely different from the Strip.... to discover absolutely after sunset: jazz in the street, Fremont Experience:all these lights with music .... really great...  (sorry if mistakes... usually, I speak French..)	
Sep 2 2004	interesting start		
Aug 13 2004	Not bad for $39 on a Saturday night		
Aug 9 2004	Can't Complain		
Aug 4 2004	Saved a $ at Binon's		
Jun 20 2004	Nostalgia Nostalgia		
Jun 17 2004	too hot		
Jun 10 2004	Not the Vegas experience you want!		
Jan 7 2004	Gambling eating sleeping ?? Binion's is as good as it gets..		
Apr 23 2003	Nascar weekend		
Apr 14 2003	Squeaky stinky clean		
Jun 29 2009 	???????		
Dec 17 2008 	Un sejour pas cher!!		
Jun 15 2008 	Agreablements surpris !		
